Kim Kardashian and Kanye West made a rare appearance together over the weekend.
On Friday night, the former couple were spotted at a sports complex in L.A. to support their son Saint, eight, at his basketball game.
According to TMZ, West, 46, arrived separately from Kardashian, 43, who arrived with their daughter Chicago, six.
As Page Six points out, Kim and Kanye, who've been haveing co-parenting, haven’t been photographed together since those reports.
Kim and Kanye sat in the same row with a few seats between them, and were apparently able to put their issues aside for the game. The two’s brief interactions were caught on camera by paparazzi, but it’s not clear what they spoke about.
Their other children, North, 10, and Psalm, four, were apparently not at the game.
Kardashian and West divorced in 2022 after six years of marriage. A source tells TMZ that despite their cordial demeanor, the two have not been seeing eye-to-eye on certain matters pertaining to their children behind the scenes with Kardashian reportedly upset about West’s antisemitic comments.
“Ultimately, what matters is that kids feel loved and heard,” said Kardashian to GQ’s Sean Manning for her “Man of the Year” cover story in November.
“You want to be sensitive because they’re just kids, and it’s hard to go through no matter what age. You have to make sure that you only go to a level they can understand. It’s okay to show a vulnerable side. You never go to a negative side.”
West recently celebrated with Bianca Censori, his new wife and “most amazing stepmom,” for her 29th birthday.
music | BY Jaelani Turner-Williams
Kanye West Posts More Revealing Pictures of Wife Bianca Censori: ‘Cream of Wheat’
style | BY Jaelani Turner-Williams
North West Debuts New Diamond-Encrusted Grill as Kanye Shares His New Piece
pop-culture | BY Jaelani Turner-Williams
Kim Kardashian Shares Sweet Post for Chicago West's 6th Birthday
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.