AllHipHop
AllHipHop
The radio show presenter has words for his longtime frenemy.

Since 1998, AllHipHop.com has pioneered delivering Hip-Hop news. Get our daily email for exclusive, breaking news, and weekly digests, all curated for the true Hip-Hop enthusiast. Stay connected and informed with the heartbeat of Hip-Hop culture. Subscribe now!

Since 1998, AllHipHop.com has pioneered delivering Hip-Hop news. Get our daily email for exclusive, breaking news, and weekly digests, all curated for the true Hip-Hop enthusiast. Stay connected and informed with the heartbeat of Hip-Hop culture. Subscribe now!
It seems Joe Budden sat down with right-wing activist Candace Owens for a taped conversation. That potential meet-up did not sit well with Hot 97’s Peter Rosenberg.
On Tuesday (February 27), Candace Owens shared a photo of herself with Joe Budden on her Instagram Story. The conservative political commentator captioned the image, “It happened.”
Candace Owens previously announced she accepted Budden’s invitation to appear on his podcast. The Blackout author stated on her own show, “I’m going to take you up on your offer, publicly.”
Peter Rosenberg took to X to express his dissatisfaction with Joe Budden interviewing Candace Owens. The Hip-Hop/sports media figure initially reacted to the news by simply posting a man facepalming emoji.
In addition, Rosenberg wrote, “So sick of the idea that conversations need to be had with bigots, trolls, and immoral a-holes… exchanging ideas among smart good people is useful… hearing a hateful hack babble on about hate is not worth anyone’s time.”
So sick of the idea that conversations need to be had with bigots, trolls, and immoral a-holes …exchanging ideas among smart good people is useful … hearing a hateful hack babble on about hate is not worth anyone's time
Candace Owens has been an outspoken critic of rap stars such as T.I. and Cardi B. In contrast, she promoted Chicago rapper Kanye West’s controversial White Lives Matter merchandise.
The Daily Wire personality also pushed a conspiracy theory that then-police officer Derek Chauvin did not kill George Floyd. Plus, Owens has downplayed the threat of white supremacy and white nationalism in America.
Peter Rosenberg and Joe Budden have clashed in the past. For example, Budden’s 2016 interview on Hot 97 ended when the New Jersey native walked off the Ebro in the Morning show over a disagreement with Rosenberg’s supposed role in the launch of Budden’s podcast.
Copyright © 2025 AllHipHop.com LLC 2025-Infinity