By FREYA BARNES 
 Published:  08:22, 23 June 2024   |  Updated:  16:08, 23 June 2024   
 430
View  comments
Bianca Censori - wife, muse and employee to controversial rapper Kanye West - dominates headlines with her increasingly explicit fashion statements and relationship drama.
But lesser known about the 29-year-old Australian is that she has a Bachelor's and Master's degree in architecture from the esteemed University of Melbourne and has worked alongside industry giants including Valerio Olgiati and Vincent Van Duysen.
The model's eccentric taste extends to her architectural designs with a portfolio boasting projects reminiscent of the 1960s cartoon The Flintstones. 
Originally, Bianca dreamed of becoming a sculptor but fell in love with architecture as an art medium when her aunt introduced her to it as a young girl.
And after completing her studies she landed a role with DP Toscano Architects, a reputable firm in her home city of Melborne, before she was scouted in 2020 by Kanye as head of architecture for his YZY brand.
Her old boss, Joe Tuscano, told the Sydney Morning Herald: 'She obviously made an impression on Kanye West and she made that impression because she's actually very talented.' 
Bianca Censori - wife, muse and employee to controversial rapper Kanye West - dominates headlines with her increasingly explicit fashion statements and relationship dramaAt the beginning of June, Bianca was snapped wearing a body suit that left little to the imagination and carrying some of her design drawings on her way to a meeting in Italy with Kanye
In 2021, Bianca and her fellow YZY architects Tanil Rahif and Ibrahim Salman, designed a stone age inspired house in a Californian National Park.
The Joshua Tree Residence looks like a home Fred Flintstone would move his family into if he had hit the jackpot in Viva Rock Vegas, with a flat white slab acting as a roof balanced on top of eight huge rock boulders.
It was put forward by the YZY team as an idea for rented, relatively cheap and off the grid housing.
Despite its megalithic-looking structure, it maintains a modern edge by way of floor to ceiling glass windows fitted between the giant stones and sleek furnishings built into the rock.
In 2021, Bianca and her fellow YZY architects Tanil Rahif and Ibrahim Salman, designed a stone age inspired house in Joshua Tree, a National Park in California
The Joshua Tree Residence looks like a home Fred Flintstone would move his family into if he had hit the jackpot in Viva Rock Vegas, with a flat white slab acting as a roof balanced on top of eight huge rock boulders
Despite its megalithic-looking structure, it maintains a modern edge by way of floor to ceiling glass windows fitted between the giant stones and sleek furnishings built into the rock
Censori's architectural vision appears to be a nod to the famous stone caveman house lived in by Fred Flintstone and his family as seen in the 1994 movie and cartoons from the 1960s
The bathroom is designed with minimalist metal pipe work and precisely carved free-form windows 
The windows of the property appear perfectly laser-cut but are in an irregular shape that looks like the result of nature
At the beginning of June, Bianca was snapped wearing a body suit that left little to the imagination and carrying some of her design drawings on her way to a meeting in Italy with Kanye
Bianca's portfolio explains that her project Stone-Age Architecture 'compels us to reimagine the built environment through a prehistoric lens' and 'sparks a dialogue between the past and the present' - a concept she and her team call 'Primitive Futurism'.
Her architectural philosophy aims to have 'buildings and natural elements coexist in a symbiotic relationship' in hopes that mother nature will merge with and change the structure over time.
This philosophy is evident in the Saudi Sound Stage - a space she and her design partners imagined in the Arabian Desert with six sound stages and a restaurant. 
Presumably, it would be used to host listening parties and concerts for her musician husband and his friends.
Only two pictures of the concept exist but from what can be seen, it looks like a giant pebble-shaped rock is balanced on top of stone walls, offering shade dictated by the sun to the mostly open-plan venue.
The Saudi Sound Stage - a space she and her design partners imagined in the Arabian Desert with six sound stages and a restaurant
Only two pictures of the concept exist but from what can be seen, it looks like a giant pebble-shaped rock is balanced on top of stone walls, offering shade dictated by the sun to the mostly open-plan venue
Bianca's portfolio says her work is 'not just about creating a visually pleasing environment but also about telling a story through design'.
A sentiment she repeated when she revealed details of a new building style thought up by her and Kanye before the pair became romantically involved.
They dubbed this new style 'Donda Language' after the Flashing Lights rapper's late mother who died in 2007 from a heart attacked caused by plastic surgery related problems and coronary artery disease.
In a resurfaced video of Bianca giving a guest lecture at the University of Malta in 2022 on her architecture career, she explained that the Donda Language is a concept they created to represent her vision of architecture as a means of storytelling. She believes every home should have its own story and should share a connection with the people who live in them.
Kanye West has been accused of dictating Bianca's style and controlling what she wears in public 
Bianca pictured wearing tights and a bra that give a nearly-nude look in August 2023
Fans claim that Bianca has always had a provocative style and is not being controlled by Kanye but that the two just share the same taste
Kanye West has been accused of dictating Bianca's style and controlling what she wears in public, even to the worry of her father who recently demanded she and Kanye fly to Australia to address concerns over her X-rated outfits.
Old pictures showing Bianca in equally risqué clothing before she met Kanye went viral last year, with fans contesting that she had the same aesthetic before she married Kim Kardashian's ex-husband and that the pair just share a similar taste.
The same can be said for her early architecture drawings, which are thought to be what prompted Kanye to scout her all the way from the other side of the globe.
Not long before she was whisked away to Los Angeles, Bianca had designed a concept home in the theoretical architecture style of plasticity - a term used to describe a rich, three-dimensional or sculptural presence of a building.
Fitting for the woman who, in a now deleted interview, once said : 'I always wanted to be a sculptor and to me, architecture is the union of art and pragmatics. It is the grandest artistic gesture that we can place onto the earth. I was drawn to it, purely, as a shift in artistic scale.'
She placed her concept home in a rural setting to study its capability of transforming itself by acquiring new natural characteristics over time - essentially collaborating with nature in the same way she does today.
Kanye West with his late mother Donda, the inspiration behind the name of his wife Bianca's new architectural style 'Donda Language'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group