By
Despite Usher trekking across the country, he found time to give a special performance to honor Frankie Beverly’s legacy during a tour stop. While performing at the Little Ceaser’s Arena in Detroit, Usher dedicated a set to the late singer. A clip of the moment has already made its rounds on social media. The singer appears on stage in an all-white floor-length fur coat, serenading the crowd with Frankie Beverly’s “Happy Feelin’s.” On Wednesday (Sept.11), Frankie Beverly of the group ”Frankie Beverly & Maze” passed away at 77. 
Beverly’s family confirmed his passing in a statement shared to social media. “Grieving the loss of a loved one is a deeply personal and emotional experience. During this time, as we are navigating feelings of sorrow, reflection, and remembrance we kindly ask for privacy and understanding, allowing us the space to grieve in our own way. This period for is one of healing, and your respect for our need for solitude is appreciated as we honor the memory of our beloved Howard Stanley Beverly known to the world as Frankie Beverly.” 
Usher pays tribute to the late Frankie Beverly by singing “Happy Feelin’s” during his tour in Detroit: pic.twitter.com/laYwSYVvOF
In other news, Usher announces the release of the record’s 20th anniversary edition, including new music. This 2004 classic album includes chart-topping hits like “Yeah,” “My Boo,” and many more. Usher says that pre-orders would be available for the digital and physical anniversary items. The anniversary edition will feature all 19 original tracks, along with orchestral remixes of fan favorites “Superstar” and “Burn.” Additionally, the expanded version of the album will include “Seduction” and “Confessions, Pt. II (Remix),” which features contributions from Twista, Shyne, Kanye West, and Jermaine Dupri. 
The special vinyl edition of Confessions (20th Anniversary Edition) is set to ship on November 1, with digital streaming platforms (DSPs) releasing the album on the same day. In an interview with PEOPLE in February, Usher shared, “There is a great deal of truth in that album. Did I have a relationship that was exactly what I was saying? Yeah, I did, but the reality of where it landed and what that was about wasn’t in the exact order or moment when I delivered the song.”
Are you a HOT 97 VIP?  Unlock exclusive, VIP Only access to the latest news, offers, contests, events, and more.  There is no cost to join for a limited time.
Δ
#1 for Hip Hop
Copyright 2024 Hot 97