The rapper dropped a teaser for the company last month
After dropping hints that he was set to venture into the adult film industry, Kanye West has seemingly scrapped his plans for ‘Yeezy Porn’.
The hints that the controversial rapper – who now goes by the name Ye – would be turning his sights to the porn industry arose last month, when TMZ reported that a representative for West had got in touch and claimed that a “Yeezy Porn Studio” was on the horizon.
According to the report, the rapper was “dead set” to get the business off the ground, and was in “advanced talks” with new business partner Mike Moz, who is a porn producer and the ex-husband of Stormy Daniels.
Shortly afterwards, the artist took to social media to confirm the rumours – posting a six-second clip on X that read “Yeezy Porn Is Cumming”, while a female voice appeared over the top, telling viewers to “go to yeezy.com.”
Fuel was then added to the fire when Ye’s reported new business partner Mike Moz revealed that he had been working with the musician to create something “like nothing we’ve ever seen before”.
“I’ve been having discussions with Ye about a potential collab between Yeezy brand and my team at Vixen Media Group. While it’s too early to give any details I’m excited about where Ye’s vision takes this,” he said (as per Hot New Hip Hop). “The idea that this project is going to be another porn studio is not correct. It will be like nothing we’ve ever seen before.”
Kanye West aka Ye is seen wearing a Balenciaga boxing mouthguard, outside Givenchy, during Paris Fashion Week – Womenswear Spring/Summer 2023 – Day Seven on October 02, 2022 in Paris, France. (Photo by Edward Berthelot/GC Images/Getty)
Now, it seems like the plans for the company may have been scrapped, as all posts about the endeavour have been taken down.
Shortly after posting the teaser clip on X (formerly Twitter), Ye went on to deactivate his account after a wave of backlash. A second post about the studios that was shared on his official YouTube page was removed shortly afterwards.
The rapper has yet to comment on the future of ‘Yeezy Porn’ and whether or not he still plans to move forward with plans to open a company in the adult entertainment industry. That being said outlets such as Kurrco have shared claims that “Kanye has reportedly abandoned the idea of launching ‘YZY P*RN.’
NME has reached out to the rapper’s representatives for comment.
The potential venture into the adult entertainment industry comes following the rapper being candid about his struggle with porn addiction in recent years.
Back in 2019, he spoke about the topic ahead of the release of ‘Jesus Is King’. During an interview, West acknowledged the extent of his “full-on pornography addiction” and said he was overcoming it thanks to his belief in God.
He also came forward in 2022 and claimed that his pornography addiction “destroyed my family” (via Page Six).
That same year, several former Yeezy employees came forward with claims that the rapper played pornography to them and showed them inappropriate pictures of his then-wife Kim Kardashian.
Kim Kardashian West and husband Kanye West leave K.West’s Sunday Service At Theatre Des Bouffes Du Nord – Paris Fashion Week Womenswear Fall/Winter 2020/2021 on March 01, 2020 in Paris, France. (Photo by Marc Piasecki/WireImage/Getty)
More recently, the musician made headlines after he and his current partner Bianca Censori were reportedly “banned for life” after indecent exposure on a Venice boat.
In other Kanye West news, it was recently reported that the rapper and business mogul is being sued for racial discrimination by one of his former security guards.
In the filing, the former employee alleged that the artist subjected his Black employees to “less favourable treatment than their White counterparts”, and People reported that the lawsuit also claims that Ye “frequently screamed at and berated Black employees”, and ultimately fired Provo for refusing to cut his dreadlocks.
The rapper did not respond to NME’s request for comment about the lawsuit.
Elsewhere, his last album was ‘Vultures 1’, which he released with Ty Dolla $ign. The LP was given a two-star review by NME, and criticised for its “degrading lyrics and messy mixes”. Shortly after its release, Ye said that its follow-up ‘Vultures 2’ was delayed and hinted that he would not be releasing the two remaining LPs from the trilogy on streaming platforms.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.