It's safe to say Taylor Swift and Kim Kardashian are not friends.
The two stars have been embroiled in a feud for almost a decade, with Taylor recently reigniting the drama when she opened up about the impact it had on her. She said Kim "took her down psychologically" and branded the reality star and her ex-husband Kanye West "trash".
The row all started when Kim jumped to Kanye's defence after he wrote vulgar lyrics about the singer. However, the feud has remained strong and even managed to outlast Kim and Kanye's marriage. Here, we've taken a look back at the drama which has gripped the showbiz world.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Kanye West hides behind face mask at Champions League match with wife Bianca Censori
Kim and Taylor's feud actually began as a result of Kanye's outburst at the 2009 Video Music Awards. Taylor had won the prize for Best Female Video, but Kanye wasn't happy and famously stormed the stage to let the world know.
He insisted Beyonce should have taken home the prize instead of Taylor. "Yo, Taylor, I'm really happy for you. Imma let you finish, but Beyoncé had one of the best videos of all time," he said.
Taylor was unable to finish her acceptance speech because of Kanye's actions. Luckily, Beyonce later invited her onstage to speak while she accepted the Video Of The Year prize.
Kanye made matters worse when he released his 2016 song Famous. The track features the lyrics: "I feel like me and Taylor Swift might still have sex. Why? I made that b***h famous."
Taylor wasn't happy with the track, but Kanye claimed to have had an hour-long phone call with her about the lyrics and said she had given her blessing. The Shake It Off hitmaker hit back, with her representative saying: "Kanye did not call for approval, but to ask Taylor to release his single Famous on her Twitter account.
"She declined and cautioned him about releasing a song with such a strong misogynistic message. Taylor was never made aware of the actual lyric, 'I made that b***h famous'."
Kim jumped to her then-husband's defence and shared a video of Kanye's phone call with Taylor. During the chat, he appeared to ask permission to use the lyrics.
Taylor seemed to say: "I know, it's like a compliment, kind of. Yeah, I mean, what's dope about the line is it's very tongue in cheek either way. And I really appreciate you telling me about it, that's really nice."
Taylor insisted Kim's leaked call didn't show what actually happened. In a statement shared on social media, she said: "That moment when Kanye West secretly records your phone call, then Kim posts it on the internet.
"Where is the video of Kanye telling me he was going to call me 'that b****' in his song? It doesn't exist because it never happened. You don't get to control someone's emotional response to being called 'that b****' in front of the entire world."
Taylor said Kanye had promised to play her Famous but insisted he never did. She pointed out how she could never approve a song she hadn't heard.
Her statement continued: "Being falsely painted as a liar when I was never given the full story or played any part of the song is character assassination. I would very much like to be excluded from this narrative, one that I have never asked to be a part of, since 2009."
Taylor took a year away from the spotlight following Kim's leaked phone call. However, she returned with a bang and released Look What You Made Me Do. The video to her new song featured a subtle dig at her reality star nemesis.
When Famous was released, Kim had tweeted: "Wait it's legit National Snake Day?!?!?They have holidays for everybody, I mean everything these days!” followed by a string of snake emojis.
Her fans quickly twigged and started leaving snake emojis on Taylor's social media pages. However, Taylor decided not to let it get to her and used it as inspiration for her new video. In one clip, Taylor can be seen sitting on a throne surrounded by snakes, which was a dig at Kim.
Taylor was vindicated in 2020 when the unedited version of her and Kanye's call was leaked. Kanye is heard telling Taylor he is writing a song about her and asking if she could support it on social media.
He warned her there was a "very controversial line at the beginning" but reassured her that it wasn't "mean". He told her the lyric was simply: "To all my Southside n****s that know me best, I feel like Taylor Swift might owe me sex."
Taylor laughed and agreed it wasn't mean, but said she needed time to think about it. She added: "When you hear something for the first time you need to think about it, because it is absolutely crazy."
During the phone call, there was no mention of the word "b***h*. After the full version of their chat was released, Taylor begged people to move on from the drama.
After the full phone call was released, Kim released a scathing statement and said Taylor hadn't been telling the whole truth. Taking to Instagram, she said: "The lie was never about the word b***h, it was always where there was a call or not."
She denied editing the footage and said she only posted part of the call "to make my point". Kim said the call had only been recorded as part of Kanye's "musical journey", adding: "The call between the two of them would have remained private or would have gone in the trash had she not lied and forced me to defend him."
She also said: "At the time when they spoke the song had not been fully written yet, but as everyone can see in the video, she manipulated the truth of their actual conversation in her statement when her team said she 'declined and cautioned him about releasing a song with such a strong misogynistic message'."
In 2023, Taylor was crowned TIME magazine's Person of the Year. In the interview, she opened up about the impact Kim and Kanye's behaviour had on her.
The singer said the long-running feud took her "down psychologically" to a place she had not been before. She explained to the publication: "That took me down psychologically to a place I've never been before. I moved to a foreign country. I didn't leave a rental house for a year."
Taylor continued: "I was afraid to get on phone calls. I pushed away most people in my life because I didn’t trust anyone anymore. I went down really, really hard."
The singer then spoke of how she believed that this drama was the death of her career and that it was "taken away" from her. She added: "I thought that moment of backlash was going to define me negatively for the rest of my life."
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.