This could be the “ultimate lie.”
Kanye West denied a former NFL player’s claims that Taylor Swift had him “kicked out” of the Super Bowl on Sunday for allegedly buying tickets in front of her. 
“This is a completely fabricated rumor,” a rep for West told TMZ Tuesday afternoon. 
“It is not true.”
Brandon Marshall, who shared a VIP suite with NFL commissioner Roger Goodell during the big game, made the wild claim on his “Paper Route” podcast Monday, and provided no evidence to back up the allegation and even confused Swift for fellow pop star Katy Perry.
“So Kanye West pulls up to the Super Bowl. Kanye West buys a ticket right in front of Katy Perry’s booth so anytime they are gonna be showing Katy Perry, Kanye’s face was going to be there — he had a mask on with his logo on the mask,” Marshall, who played in the NFL for 13 seasons, alleged before correcting himself.
“So Taylor Swift gets pissed off [and] she makes a call or two — everybody is involved — [and] he gets kicked out the stadium,” Marshall, 39, continued, adding that the “Flashing Lights” rapper was trying to “leverage” Swift’s celebrity status to to make money whenever cameras panned to her.
Marshall’s claims were quickly proven false, as the Yeezy designer and his wife, Bianca Censori, were photographed at the game and shown on the CBS broadcast.
Images released from the game showed West, 46, standing next to a security guard — but the group was nowhere near the “Cruel Summer” singer’s star-studded suite, which appeared to surrounded only by excited fans.
For more Page Six you love…
Sources also told Page Six exclusively that the “Gold Digger” performer received a lukewarm welcome when he entered the Raising Cane’s suite, where Leonardo DiCaprio, his one-time friend, completely ignored him.
“There’s was no interaction whatsoever,” our source shared.
Swift, 34, and West’s long-standing feud began after her interrupted her at the 2009 VMAs and reached its apex in 2016 when the “Gold Digger” rapper name dropped her in his song “Famous.”
The “Blank Space” songstress claimed she never gave West permission to include the lyric, which motivated his then-wife, Kim Kardashian, to release audio purporting to show Swift did, in fact, give approval.
In typical fashion for West as of late, the “Jesus Walks” rapper wore a piece of religious iconography atop a full head covering at the big game, while Censori, 29, also modeled a black latex balaclava.
The vintage Alexander McQueen mask featured a three-dimensional white crucifix between the eyes and likely served as a tribute to the late fashion designer, who died by suicide on Feb. 11, 2010 — exactly 14 years earlier.
Advertisement