Update: Since Ozzy Osbourne's post, Kanye West has removed the sample of "Iron Man" from "Carnival," from the album Vultures.
Ozzy Osbourne has condemned Kanye West for using a sample of "Iron Man" without his permission, saying he wants "no association" with the rapper.
According a social media post made by Osbourne, West had requested his permission to use a section of a 1983 live version of "Iron Man," for his own song "Carnival," which he denied. He went on to claim that West used the sample anyway at his album release party in Chicago on Thursday night.
The album, a collaboration between West and Ty Dolla Sign is titled Vultures and was released on Feb. 10.
In his post, Osbourne described West as an antisemite and a person who has "caused untold heartache to many."
READ MORE: How Ozzy Osbourne's Bat-Biting Debacle Became a Rock Legend
West himself, however, purportedly refers to himself as an antisemite on the album. "And I’m still crazy, bipolar, antisemite / And I’m still the king," he says on one track (per TMZ).
Since Osbourne's post, West has removed his sample of "Iron Man" from "Carnival."
This is not the first time Osbourne has made it clear he's aware of West's actions. Back in October of 2023, he and wife Sharon Osbourne dressed as West and his girlfriend, Bianca Censori, recreating their infamous pillow look. West has also previously sampled Black Sabbath's "Iron Man" in his 2010 song, "Hell of a Life."
"We get so many requests for these songs," Sharon Osbourne told Billboard following the recent news, "and when we saw that request, we just said no way."
Osbourne has, however, offered praise when it comes to other rappers. Earlier this year, he deemed T-Pain's cover of "War Pigs" as the "best cover" of it ever.
It's also not the first time aim has been taken at West for his classic rock sample usage. In 2022, he was sued for underpaid streaming royalties from his 2010 song, "Power," which sampled King Crimson's "21st Century Schizoid Man."
Gallery Credit: Ultimate Classic Rock Staff