By MILLY VEITCH FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  09:07, 25 April 2024   |  Updated:  09:45, 25 April 2024   
 15
View  comments
Sara Sampaio has sent temperatures soaring with a number of sizzling swimwear shots for Hunkemöller’s 'Own Your Glow' summer campaign.
The supermodel, 32, looked nothing short of sensational as she posed up a storm on the beach in a slew of skimpy bikinis.
She slipped into a black bandeau two-piece for a number of jaw-dropping snaps, rolling around on the sand.
Sara showed off her long legs and chiselled midriff, while the setting sun highlighted the Portuguese beauty's bronzed tan.
She also donned a burgundy string bikini adorned with a gold flower decoration, that drew attention to her cleavage.
Sara Sampaio has sent temperatures soaring with a number of sizzling swimwear shots for Hunkemöller’s 'Own Your Glow' summer campaign
The supermodel, 32, looked nothing short of sensational as she posed up a storm on the beach in a slew of skimpy bikinis
She slipped into a black bandeau two-piece for a number of jaw-dropping snaps, rolling around on the sand
Modelling a sparkly gold two-piece with beaded detailing, she added a matching chunky bangle and statement earrings.
Sara also posed in a green halterneck bikini, showcasing her incredible natural beauty by opting for a fresh-faced look and damp beachy waves.
The Victoria's Secret Angel was joined in the stunning campaign - shot by Jorin Koers - by fellow models Lola Weippert and Vivian Hoorn.
Sara shared a glimpse at the campaign back in January, posting behind-the-scenes snap from of the photoshoot on her Instagram.
She was seen sporting the golden bikini on a Curaçao beach, splashing around in the Caribbean sea and posing confidently, as she showed an insight into the glamorous world of modelling.
It comes after Sara took her relationship with Ray Nicholson to a new level last month, when they made their red carpet debut at the Vanity Fair Oscars Party. 
She has been dating Ray, 32, — who is the spitting image of his superstar father Jack Nicholson, 86 — since the summer of 2023, but they saved their major debut as a couple for Hollywood's biggest night.
The couple oozed affection as they embraced in front of the camera at the high-profile celebrity event.
Sara showed off her long legs and chiselled midriff, while the setting sun highlighted the Portuguese beauty's bronzed tan
She also donned a burgundy string bikini adorned with a gold flower decoration, that drew attention to her cleavage
Modelling a sparkly gold two-piece with beaded detailing, she added a matching chunky bangle and statement earrings
Sara also posed in a green halterneck bikini, showcasing her incredible natural beauty by opting for a fresh-faced look and damp beachy waves
The Victoria's Secret Angel was joined in the stunning campaign - shot by Jorin Koers - by fellow models Lola Weippert and Vivian Hoorn
Sara shared a glimpse at the campaign back in January, posting behind-the-scenes snap from of the photoshoot on her Instagram 
 She was seen sporting the golden bikini on a Curaçao beach, splashing around in the Caribbean sea and posing confidently, as she showed an insight into the glamorous world of modelling
Sara and Ray have kept their relationship relatively under the radar, and they were last pictured together on a shopping trip in Beverly Hills in December.
She was previously linked to the literary manager Zac Frognowski, but their last red carpet appearance was early in 2023.
While Ray had been previously seen on a date with Delilah Hamlin in 2022.
After first getting his start acting in the mid-2000s, he has gradually worked with more and more prestigious talents. 
He was featured in a small part with Jared Leto in 2018's The Outsider, and he went on to play a modest role in 2020's Promising Young Woman opposite Carey Mulligan.
In 2021, he worked with acclaimed auteur Paul Thomas Anderson for a small part on his 2021 film Licorice Pizza, before graduating to lead roles with the Neil Labute thriller Out Of The Blue, which he costarred in with Diane Kruger.
More recently, Ray had a supporting role in the 2022 Zoey Deutch–starring rom-com Something From Tiffany's, and last year he worked with Camila Morrone, Willem Dafoe and actor and director Patricia Arquette on her drama Gonzo Girl.
Sara has also turned her hand to acting in recent years, after featuring in a number of music videos for Selena Gomez, Nick Jonas, Kanye West, DNCE, David Guetta and Justin Bieber.
It comes after Sara took her relationship with Ray Nicholson to a new level last month, when they made their red carpet debut at the Vanity Fair Oscars Party (pictured) 
She has been dating Ray, 32, — who is the spitting image of his superstar father Jack Nicholson , 86 — since the summer of 2023, but they saved their major debut as a couple for Hollywood's biggest night 
She then guest starred in an episode of Billions in 2017, and starred in films like The Clapper, and 2021's Crisis opposite Gary Oldman.
Sara will next be seen as Gia in Billy Knight alongside Al Pacino, Patrick Schwarzenegger, Charlie Heaton and Diana Silvers.
While her biggest role will be coming next year, as she has been cast in the newest Superman reboot, directed by James Gunn, and set to be released July 11, 2025.
Sara will be starring as Eve Teschmacher, the assistant and love interest of Lex Luthor, who is being played by Nicholas Hoult.
Sara has turned her hand to acting in recent years and her biggest role will be coming next year, as she has been cast in the newest Superman reboot as Eve Teschmacher

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group