Kim Kardashian seemed to be feeling shy as she covered her face to hide from the cameras at ex-husband Kanye West's concert.
The SKIMS mogul turned up to show her support as her daughter North West, 10, joined her dad on stage at Rolling Loud Festival in Los Angeles on Thursday. Kim was seen exiting the show dressed in a tight white ribbed crop top and black torusers with a black fur coat worn off the shoulder over her arms.
Wearing her long dark hair loose in tousled waves Kim accessorised with a silver embellished bag. Kim opted for a nude makeup palette with smokey eyes and overlined brown lips. North walked beside her mum looking extra glamorous with a fur hat and diamond necklace teamed with black trousers and a Vultures T-shirt.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Kim Kardashian mistaken for Kanye West's new wife Bianca Censori as she 'morphs' into her
Kim covered her face with her hand as she moved past the photographers eagerly snapping the pair. The trip surprised fans as they have seen Kim and Kanye have some very public disagreements since their divorce.
Some even suggested Kim's presence was "clout chasing" after the success of Kanye's new album. One commented on Reddit: "She's clout chasing Ye and Bianca, but she's trying to disguise it like she's there to support North when she's not." A second claimed: "She needs Ye to make her relevant."
The rapper took to Instagram to post a scathing rant aimed at Kim as he demanded she remove their children from the school they attend and broke into rhetoric about "the system." He then sensationally claimed that only his eldest two children "know they daddy."
Kanye shared a white background with bold black text on it to his social media account aimed at Kim writing: "Kim take my kids out of Sierra Canyon now. it's a fake school for celebrities that are used by 'the system'." He then made further allegations about being "removed" from his children as he captioned the post writing: "At this point everybody knows what 'the system' is code word for. I was removed from my dad by the system and the system removed me from my children."
Kanye then highlighted his estranged relationship with half of his children writing: "When the system drafts athletes they avoid working with those who have their father in their life because they are harder to manipulate My two oldest know they daddy is." The accusation comes after Kanye previously appeared to imply he only had access to his 10-year-old daughter, North, because she "ripped up couches" to be with him.
During a 10 minute rant to a room full of people during a trip to Las Vegas back in December, Ye was heard covering topics ranging from Hitler and anti-semitism, to corrupt designer labels. He also repeatedly mentioned his custody agreement with Kim as he discussed "access" to his kids and referenced how his daughter - seemingly North - "ripped up the mother f**king couches in the house to be able to be with me right now."
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.