Bianca Censori suffered an unfortunate wardrobe malfunction while enjoying a lavish night out with husband Kanye West.
The model and architect, 29, is in Paris with her controversial rapper husband, 47, for Paris Fashion Week, pictured on Thursday enjoying a dinner at Gigi Paris where reports say West splashed out more than $50,000 (£39,500).
Censori attended in one of her signature racy outfits, rocking up to the eatery in an outfit seemingly fashioned from tape to create shorts and two straps across her breasts.
She posed alongside her stylist Gadir Rajab for photos posted to Instagram, but seemed unaware that her outfit was starting to come apart.
Pictures posted online of Censori show gaps between the tape forming on the side of her legs – but she seemed blissfully aware while smizing for the camera.
According to reports, Kanye invited around 30 guests to a private apartment in the city, and splurged $40,000 (£31,600) just on drinks alone.
The Sun US reports that he splurged on five bottles of pinot noir, at just under $4,000 (£3,161) each, as well as $10,000 (£7,900) on Bordeaux and more than $7,000 (£5,530) worth of champagne.
She was joined by pals for the night, and posed for pictures to celebrate Rajab’s birthday, with the Eiffel Tower shimmering behind the restaurant.
Before her photo mishap, Censori narrowly avoided causing an awkward scene as some of the tape began peeling away from her trousers as she climbed out of the car on her way into the venue.
Her latest risqué outfit comes as she sparked outrage in Japan over her almost-nude thong outfit.
was not expecting to see kanye when i walked out of the bathroom to say the lease #fyp #fypシ゚viral #kanyewest #biancacensori 
West and Censori jetted off to the country on economy flights, shocking fellow passengers who didn’t expect to see the superstar couple.
Once they arrived, Censori enjoyed a shopping trip in Ginza Six, Tokyo, wearing a sheer grey bodysuit – with no trousers.
The couple previously risked being banned from Venice over inappropriate outfits and shop assistants at the luxury shopping complex looked shocked by her getup.
While in Venice last year, they headed on a boat ride during which Ye was pictured with his trousers down and his bum out as Bianca kneeled between his legs, leading to the Tourism and Promotion office in Florence slamming the spouses.
Got a story?
If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.
Arrow
MORE: Hollywood icon’s ‘idiotic’ action movie watched 25,700,000 times despite dismal 15% Rotten Tomatoes rating
Arrow
MORE: Movie fans will feel ‘sick to their stomachs’ after watching ‘nightmarish’ 2024 film
Arrow
MORE: Things are only getting worse for the ‘worst movie of 2024’