Home » Politics
Conservative media personality Candace Owens has been fired from her hosting job at The Daily Wire, the media company announced on Friday, March 22, 2024.
The reason given was the alleged words and actions taken by Owens and members of her podcast, “Fresh and Fit,” that were deemed antisemitic by the honchos at the alt-right media company.
“Daily Wire and Candace Owens have ended their relationship,” Daily Wire CEO Jeremy Boreing penned in a post on X Friday morning. 
Daily Wire and Candace Owens have ended their relationship.
— Jeremy Boreing (@JeremyDBoreing) March 22, 2024
Owens, meanwhile, characterized her termination as being freed from purgatory.
“The rumors are true — I am finally free,” Owens explained to her 4.8 million followers on X. “There will be many announcements in the weeks to come,” posting emojis of the U.S. flag and a cross. 
The 34-year-old political lightning rod added that anyone who “would like to support my work” can visit her website, CandaceOwens.com, or contribute to her Revv platform. She vows to continue to work on her personal YouTube page following an indefinite moratorium. 
Mediate reports The Daily Wire‘s divorce from Owens comes after “months of tensions between her and Daily Wire co-founder Ben Shapiro over her promotion of various antisemitic conspiracy theories.”
As an example, Variety magazine points out her November 2023 post on X as she discussed the Israeli-Hamas war, stating that “No government anywhere has a right to commit a genocide, ever. There is no justification for a genocide. I can’t believe this even needs to be said or is even considered the least bit controversial to state.” 
Shapiro, a Jewish man who founded The Daily Wire and with whom Owens had been beefing with recently, responded to Owens’ rant by calling it “absolutely disgraceful.”
“The question is about Candace Owens…Her behavior during this has been disgraceful, without a doubt.”
Ben Shapiro criticizes Owens, who works at his company, over her anti-Israel views.
Where was he when she praised Hitler? Or when she defended Kanye West’s anti-Semitism? pic.twitter.com/Y7c4ig79bu
— Republicans against Trump (@RpsAgainstTrump) November 14, 2023
Media Matters reports that Owens said that a Jewish “gang” was committing atrocities against civilian Palestinians, and later opined that “Jews are going to be blamed” if TikTok is banned in the United States. 
Owns exacerbated things at the Daily Wire when she reportedly liked a tweet that said Jews are “drunk on Christianity. This is a continuation of her alleged antisemitism, Mediate purports. Back in 2018, Owens was asked at an event about “nationalism.”
“I actually don’t have any problems at all with the word ‘nationalism.’… Whenever we say nationalism, the first thing people think about, at least in America, is Hitler. … If Hitler just wanted to make Germany great and have things run well, OK, fine.”