Bianca Censori has taken inspiration from Kim Kardashian as she modelled a tiny thong from the reality star's shapewear brand SKIMS.
The 28-year-old Yeezy architect slipped into the barely-there outfit as she posed for a number of sexy snaps taken by her husband Kanye West. Bianca left nothing to the imagination as she posed up a storm wearing a G-string hiked up on her hips.
She paired the panties with a pink, fluffy tube top made of fur which covered very little. Kanye's ex-wife Kim previously modelled the racy thong back in February 2022 in pictures she shared on Instagram.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Kendall Jenner fans convinced she has reunited with Bad Bunny after spotting huge clue
Kim also seemed to have worn the thong on the beach as she took a trip to the Bahamas last month. Bianca shared a shocking resemblance to Kim, who paired her $14 (£11) thong with a tiny black bra. In Kanye's shocking post, which was shared on social media, he wrote: "No pants this year," referencing the daring outfits Bianca wore last year.
Bianca wore her hair pulled back and wrapped in a scarf. She added a pair of pointed heels covered by calf-high fishnet stockings. It seemed as though she was posing in a dressing room as she was surrounded by fur coats and garments strewn on the floor.
Another photo featured both Kanye and Bianca as the rapper took a mirror selfie. The musician, 46, covered up from head-to-toe, but Bianca once again flashed her body as she stood next to him.
She was dressed in a tiny halter top made of only a few strings. The cups for her breasts were practically non-existent and the extra material didn't fully cover her nipples. Bianca paired the top with a high-waisted black corset featuring silver clasps.
The corset offered a bodysuit-like feature as it covered some of her crotch, too. Bianca paired the skimpy look with a pair of black knee-high boots and a black, leather trench coat.
In another post, Bianca wore the same outfit, but decided to ditch the jacket. This allowed the model to show off her tiny waist as she leaned forward, staring at the ground. Kanye captioned the post: "Dropped sumn?"
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.