The Grammy-winning band will return to its hometown of Eau Claire, Wisc., in support of the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee on her battleground state tour.

													By
												

	Kyle Denis


	Less than a week after she passed the delegate threshold needed to become the Democratic presidential nominee, Vice President Kamala Harris is kicking off a battleground state tour alongside her yet-to-be-announced running mate — and she’s bringing along Bon Iver for the ride.

Billboard can exclusively report that, Bon Iver will join Harris and her running mate in Eau Claire, Wisc. — where the two-time Grammy-winning band was founded — for a special performance on Wednesday (Aug. 7). Their appearance at Harris’ rally follows years of commitment to uplifting their hometown. In addition to regularly debuting new music at the Eaux Claires Music Festival (which lead singer Justin Vernon co-founded and co-curated with The National‘s Aaron Dessner), they participated in a non-partisan effort in 2022 called For Wisconsin, an initiative to encourage people to engage in the political process. Two years prior, the band teamed up with Noise for Now to promote a Roe v. Wade-themed pro-choice T-shirt; 100% of the proceeds went to Planned Parenthood.

	










	Harris is no stranger to Wisconsin either. She visited Milwaukee for her first campaign stop after announcing her candidacy for president this year, and this appearance will serve as her 10th visit to Wisconsin since being sworn in — and her sixth in 2024 alone. Harris’ battleground state tour will hit seven cities in five days (Philadelphia; Eau Claire, Wisc.; Detroit; Durham, N.C.; Savannah, Ga.; Phoenix; and Las Vegas).

	After embracing the aesthetic of Charli XCX‘s Brat and soundtracking its TikToks with Chappell Roan songs, music has quickly become a cornerstone of the Harris campaign. In addition to using Beyoncé and Kendrick Lamar‘s Grammy-nominated “Freedom” as its official song, the Harris campaign also tapped Megan Thee Stallion and Quavo to speak and perform at an Atlanta rally on July 30.

	On the Billboard 200, Bon Iver has landed six entries, including two stints in the top ten: 2011’s Bon Iver (No. 2) and 2016’s 22, A Million (No. 2). Over on the Billboard Hot 100, the band has logged five career entries, including its appearances on Ye’s (formerly Kanye West) “Monster” (No. 18) and Taylor Swift‘s “Exile” (No. 6).
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.