She’s letting the ghouls hang out.
Bianca Censori put her body on full display in a barely-there ensemble while popping out with her husband, Kanye West, in Tokyo on Wednesday night ahead of Halloween.
The former Yeezy architect, 29, covered her chest with just a lacy stick-on covering and concealed her pelvic region with a matching piece of material structured into a thong while hitting a private Maison Margiela party in the Shibuya district.
Censori covered her arms with a sheer white long-sleeve cardigan, though she wore the garment off her shoulders to allow most of her skin to show.
As for her accessories, she went for a sleek pair of pink pointed-toe slingback pumps.
West, 47, chose not to dress up for the spooky holiday either, instead opting for an all-white hooded sweatsuit and thick black shoes.
The couple appeared to be in celebratory spirits as they partied with pals and glasses of bubbly.
The group posed for a photo at one point, first obtained by TMZ, as West sipped on his beverage and Censori struck a pose.
Earlier in the evening, the Australia native arrived at the club in a more modest look consisting of an ultra-furry cream coat that reached her mid-thigh.
The fluffy overcoat shielded the risqué outfit she revealed later in the evening when she stripped down for the photo with the rapper and their pals.
Censori — who frequently wears her blond pixie cut neatly slicked back — transformed her look by opting for a wavy bob with bangs. The cutting-edge coiffure elicited a Roaring Twenties vibe that matched the aesthetic of her retro jacket.
She clearly has been experimenting with her locks while spending time in Tokyo with Ye.
Last week, the pair were seen making the rounds at Dover Street Market in Ginza, where Censori debuted ’80s-inspired long black hair.
Days prior, she went with a dark, wild hairstyle while linking up with friends at the Gold Bar at Tokyo’s Edition Hotel.
The Grammy winner and Censori quietly tied the knot in December 2022, less than a month after he settled his divorce from Kim Kardashian, with whom he shares four kids: North, 11, Saint, 8, Chicago, 6, and Psalm, 5.
Advertisement