By MARY MRAD FOR DAILY MAIL AUSTRALIA 
 Published:  00:56, 24 June 2024   |  Updated:  07:59, 24 June 2024   
 295
View  comments
Bianca Censori appears to have lost a significant amount of weight during her very high-profile marriage to Kanye West.
The Melbourne architect, 29, has been seen showing off her slimmer frame during recent outings in Paris with the rapper, 47.
She has become known for her risqué outfits and most recently stepped out in an ultra-revealing ensemble in which she eschewed a top in favour of bandage-like halter suspenders that only covered her nipples.
Prior to her romance with the rapper, Censori clad her curvaceous figure in more form-fitting athleisure gear including a trendy black skintight jumpsuit.
But recently, the Australian architect–turned–wife and muse of Kanye West has looked incredibly slender.
Bianca Censori appears to have lost a significant amount of weight during her very high-profile marriage to Kanye West. She is pictured left in May 2022 and right on Friday
On Friday, Censori nearly bared her breasts as she stepped out in the revealing outfit for a dinner date at Manko restaurant in Paris.
Her pins and waist looked tiny in the ensemble as she was seen exiting a van with a male friend that had chauffeured her to a restaurant.
And now fans have weighed in, commenting on the radical change. 
'She has lost weight, her curves are diminishing and the heavy breast tissue is now drooping. Muscle loss as well,' one person wrote online.
Another agreed, adding: 'Same exact situation happened when he dated Julia Fox. Weird crazy outfits, dramatic weight loss, Kanye is insane.'
'She lost about 10lbs which is a significant amount of weight but hardly cause for concern,' a third said.
She has become known for her risqué outfits and often steps out in ultra-revealing ensembles
During Kanye and Kim Kardashian's tumultuous marriage, Kim was reportedly asked to change her outfits if he felt like she was showing too much skin.
He heavily influenced her fashion choices during their seven-year marriage.
'Kanye did the same thing he is doing with Bianca to Kim throughout their marriage. The difference is that when Kanye dressed Kim, he was respected as a person - as an artist,' one source said.
Prior to her romance with the rapper, Censori clad her curvaceous figure in more form-fitting athleisure gear including a trendy black skintight jumpsuit
'Unfortunately, Kim knows what Bianca is going through - but she feels Bianca should have known what she was getting into.'
Kim said in a previous episode of the Kardashians: 'Kanye has always dressed me. In the early 2000s, he would literally just send me random emails with all these looks and what my style should be.'
He once told her: 'You are my wife, and it affects me when your pictures are too sexy.' 
Kanye married Yeezy architect Bianca in January 2023 in what was thought a non-legal wedding as it appeared they did not file for a marriage certificate 
Kim filed for divorce in February 2021 just before what would have been the pair's seventh wedding anniversary.
Kim, who was represented by divorce attorney Laura Wasser, was declared legally single March 2022 while in the midst of a romance with now-ex boyfriend SNL alum Pete Davidson.
In November 2022, Kim and Kanye's divorce was finalised, with Kanye agreeing to pay $200,000 a month in child support and equal custody.
Kanye married Yeezy architect Bianca in January 2023 in what was thought a non-legal wedding as it appeared they did not file for a marriage certificate.
Bianca's parents are said to be 'mortified' at seeing their daughter in racy looks 
However in mid-October 2023, it was reported that they did in fact get legally married and that it took place the year before due to 'religious reasons,' per Us Weekly.
Bianca's parents are said to be 'mortified' at seeing their daughter in racy looks.
'Her family and friends are mortified because it just keeps getting worse and worse,' a source told DailyMail.com after Bianca stepped out in a clear raincoat while nude underneath.
'Bianca clearly doesn't realise that what she wore isn't only disgusting and setting a bad example, but she is also potentially breaking the law.'
'Meanwhile, Kanye is covered up with five layers of clothes and when his wife looked chilly while naked and wrapped in plastic he didn't so much as offer her one of his capes,' the insider added.
'Her parents are so distressed over this because they do not recognise her. She would not be doing this unless she was being controlled,' the source told DailyMail.com.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group