Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
Princess Charlotte is wealthier than both her brothers, according to new data. The young royal has an estimated net worth of a whopping £3.9 billion.
Despite not even being eight yet, the second child of Kate Middleton and Prince William – who delighted royal fans at Christmas – isn't just the richest kid in her family, but she's also the wealthiest child globally, outdoing Blu Ivy Carter and North West, daughters of Jay-Z and Kanye West. This staggering wealth comes from various income sources and is expected to grow as she gets older and takes on a more significant public role.
Prince George, the eldest and heir to the throne, is second on the list of wealthy children, while Prince Louis ranks ninth with a 'mere' £97.9 million net worth. A lot of Princess Charlotte's net worth is thanks to the "Kate effect", a term used to describe how Kate's fashion choices can boost the desirability and often the price of outfits she wears.
Any fashion piece that Kate is seen in tends to sell out quickly, with a snap of Kate in an outfit having the power to change a designer's future. Brand Finance research named Kate as "the most powerful royal fashion influencer", reporting that items Kate wears increase desirability by 38 percent for American shoppers.
It's thought that Charlotte's ability to do the same will only grow in the coming years as she increases her public work as a member of the Royal Family.
The "Kate effect" is just a part of the young Duchess's impressive fortune. Besides being set to inherit a tidy sum in the future, Kate Middleton has her own investments, business endeavours and owns significant patches of land.
While she may have outstripped his wealth, Prince George isn't doing too shabbily himself with an astonishing net worth of £2.8 billion, overshadowing third placer Rza Athelston Mayers, Rihanna's son. Reports bubble about Prince George snagging a lavish £18,000 gift from King Charles III on his tenth birthday, along with a whopping inheritance of 133,000 acres scattered over 23 UK counties at birth, known as the Duchy of Cornwall – valued at over £1 billion, destined for the eldest son of the monarch.
Prince George will get hands-on with the estate when his dad, Prince William, becomes king.