Michelle is a Newsweek editor based in the New York metro area. Her focus is reporting on celebrity and entertainment news. She has in-depth knowledge of pop music and fandom. Michelle joined Newsweek in 2024 after editorial positions at Us Weekly, iHeartRadio and more. She is a cum laude graduate of Drew University. You can get in touch with Michelle by emailing mmcgahan@newsweek.com. You can find her on X @MichelleMcGahan. Languages: English.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
Kim Kardashian and Nikki Glaser were both on hand to skewer Tom Brady at his recent Netflix roast, and the SKIMS founder even reached out to Glaser to rave about how much she killed it on stage.
While on Jake Johnson and Gareth Reynolds' We're Here to Help Podcast, the comedian revealed Kardashian had just DMed her "on the way in."
The podcast hosts exploded in awe, with the New Girl alum demanding to know what Kardashian's message said.
"She said, 'You killed it on the roast,'" Glaser shared, before revealing her own gushing reply to the Kardashians star.
When Johnson and Reynolds asked if Kardashian responded, Glaser checked her DMs live on-air, reading the Hulu personality's reply out loud.
"'Aw thanks, and YOU KILLED IT,'" Kardashian wrote back, per Glaser, who noted the all-caps. "'I don't know how you do this; it's abuse, lol,'" the Keeping Up With the Kardashians alum added.
Kardashian was infamously bullied at the roast, getting booed by the entire crowd as she went up to deliver her own scathing remarks about Brady. (The NFL legend, for his part, also directed one headline-making joke at Kardashian — saying she was "terrified" to be there, not due to the roast, but because ex-husband Kanye West was taking care of their kids.)
Glaser, meanwhile, was declared the MVP of the roast, thanks in part to her ruthless jokes about Brady, his ex-wife Gisele Bündchen and former girlfriend Bridget Moynahan. (Of course, Glaser was only one of many comedians that night to take aim at Brady's family life.)
"Tom Brady: five-time Super Bowl MVP, most career wins, most career touchdowns, you have seven rings — well, eight now that Gisele gave hers back," Glaser quipped during the roast.
"You're the best to ever play for too long. I mean, you retired, then you came back, and then you retired again. I get it," she continued at the time, before taking a shot at his previous romance with Moynahan: "It's hard to walk away from something that's not your pregnant girlfriend."
Brady and Moynahan are parents of 16-year-old son Jack, while he also shares son Benjamin, 14, and daughter Vivian, 11, with Bündchen.
The supermodel, for her part, was reportedly "deeply disappointed by the disrespectful portrayal of her family" at the roast, a source told People last week. "As always, [Bündchen's] priority is to support her children who were affected by the irresponsible content that was broadcasted."
Michelle is a Newsweek editor based in the New York metro area. Her focus is reporting on celebrity and entertainment news. She has in-depth knowledge of pop music and fandom. Michelle joined Newsweek in 2024 after editorial positions at Us Weekly, iHeartRadio and more. She is a cum laude graduate of Drew University. You can get in touch with Michelle by emailing mmcgahan@newsweek.com. You can find her on X @MichelleMcGahan. Languages: English.
Michelle is a Newsweek editor based in the New York metro area. Her focus is reporting on celebrity and entertainment news. She has in-depth knowledge of pop music and fandom. Michelle joined Newsweek in 2024 after editorial positions at Us Weekly, iHeartRadio and more. She is a cum laude graduate of Drew University. You can get in touch with Michelle by emailing mmcgahan@newsweek.com. You can find her on X @MichelleMcGahan. Languages: English.
Michelle is a Newsweek editor based in the New York metro area. Her focus is reporting on celebrity and entertainment                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC