By SARAH SOTOODEH FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  20:48, 15 February 2024   |  Updated:  07:23, 16 February 2024   
 597
View  comments
Kim Kardashian has sparked criticism after her daughter North, 10, shared a now-deleted TikTok post that featured a drawing of her stepmother Bianca Censori wearing an almost-nude ensemble.
Followers of Kim and North's joint TikTok account were shocked by the post, which appeared to be a list of things that North was 'grateful' for - including her father's controversial new album Vultures 1, that has been pulled from Apple Music. 
Kim, 43, who co-parents her daughter with ex-husband Kanye West, 46, manages the account which is called @kimandnorth.
The deleted post comes as insiders told DailyMail.com that Kim has told Kanye to ensure Bianca 'covers up' when she's around their children - as she has become known for wearing increasingly 'naked' outfits. 
One concerned fan wrote online: 'Let the girl be a little innocent!'
Kanye's album, which was released on February 10, was also something North said she was grateful for, as well as specifically one song he has called Carnival - which contains X-rated lyrics.
Kim Kardashian 's daughter shared a now-deleted Tiktok post featuring a list of what she is grateful for - as well as her drawing of her stepmom Bianca Censori wearing nearly nothing
The TikTok that has since been deleted shows that the 10-year daughter of Kim and Kanye West drew an almost nude photo of Bianca
She drew the album cover for dad Kanye's new Vultures 1 album, that he did with Ty Dolla Sign
The joint TikTok page usually features Kim and North dancing or having fun mom/daughter interactions.
Kanye's joint album with Ty Dolla Sign features Kanye wearing all black with Bianca, 29, turned away from him - only wearing a sheer panel over her backside - and no underwear - along with boots. 
The note, which was dated February 13, 2024, had the title: 'What are 3 things your [sic] grateful for today?'
North answered: 'I am grateful for the VULTURES 1 album because it is insanely good.'
The noted continued: 'I am also grateful for the black vultures because if vultures weren't alive this amazing album wouldn't have come out.'
'Lastly, I am grateful for the song Carnival,' she ended the note.
The song Carnival features very X-rated lyrics including: 'Head so good, she a honor roll/ She ride that d**k like a carnival.'
North answered: 'I am grateful for the VULTURES 1 album because it is insanely good'
'I done f****d her in the Rolls/ I done pulled up in the Ghost' is another lyric, as well as references to Bill Cosby and R. Kelly - both of whom were accused of sexual assault allegations.
R.Kelly is currently serving a 31-year prison sentence from sex trafficking charges that includes allegations involving minors and federal racketeering. 
The song also references Taylor Swift, whom Kanye has been feuding ever since he interrupted her acceptance speech during the MTV VMAs in 2009.
North is featured on the song Talking/Once Again as she raps alongside dad and Ty Dolla Sign.
She is also featured in the music video for the song with her dad. 
In January 2022, Kanye said in one of his rants that he wasn't comfortable with North being on social media. 
He told Hollywood Unlocked in 2022, 'Tell her don't have my daughter wearing lipstick on TikTok and don't have her on TikTok at all if I don't approve that, and I said it after it was done without me knowing, and it happened again.
'So I feel like there's some poking the bear, trying to antagonize me or create this, like, "crazy" narrative. Because to say someone is crazy, they're trying to take the power away and do anything to get people to not pay attention to me.'
North is featured on the song Talking/Once Again as she raps alongside dad and Ty Dolla Sign; Kanye and North seen on December 11, 2023 during a listening party for Vultures 1
She is also featured in the music video with her dad
Kim pictured with North, niece Penelope Disick and friends 
Kim responded in an Instagram Stories post in February 2022, saying that her ex was trying to control and manipulate her with the public statement about TikTok.
'As the parent who is the main provider and caregiver for our children,' she said, 'I am doing my best to protect our daughter while also allowing her to express her creativity in the medium that she wishes with adult supervision - because it brings her happiness.'
She continued: 'Divorce is difficult enough on our children and Kanye's obsession with trying to control and manipulate our situation so negatively and publicly is only causing further pain for all.'
DailyMail.com exclusively revealed that Kim warned Kanye to tell Bianca to 'cover up' while in the presence of their four children.
Bianca was recently seen at the Super Bowl after parties wearing a barely there bodysuit that barely covered her chest and backside.
She has been seen in a clear raincoat and nude beneath as well, in addition to completely sheer outfits. 
An insider revealed that Kim 'instructed Kanye to never let Bianca dress like that around their kids. She is truly surprised that Kanye would let his wife leave the house like that.' 
Kim shares four kids with ex-husband 46-year-old rapper Kanye: North, 10, Saint, seven, Chicago, five, and Psalm, four.
Kim filed for divorce in February 2021 just before what would have been the pair's seventh wedding anniversary.
Kardashian, who was represented by divorce attorney Laura Wasser, was declared legally single March 2022 while in the midst of a hot and heavy romance with now-ex boyfriend SNL alum Pete Davidson.
Bianca was recently seen at the Super Bowl after parties wearing a barely there bodysuit that barely covered her chest and backside
Kanye married Yeezy architect Bianca in January 2023 in what was thought a non-legal wedding as it appeared they did not file a marriage certificate. However in mid-October 2023, it was reported that they did in fact get legally married and that it took place last year due to 'religious reasons,' per Us Weekly; seen May 13, 2023 in LA
Kim pictured with North and Chicago
In November 2022, Kim and Kanye's divorce was finalized, with Kanye agreeing to pay $200,000 a month in child support and equal custody.
Kanye married Yeezy architect Bianca in January 2023 in what was thought a non-legal wedding as it appeared they did not file a marriage certificate.
However in mid-October 2023, it was reported that they did in fact get legally married and that it took place last year due to 'religious reasons,' per Us Weekly.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have been moderated in advance.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group