When Kourtney Kardashian's latest look had a fan comparing her to Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's eldest daughter North West, the Lemme founder was ready with a witty response.
Auntie Kourt is coming in with the clapbacks.
After Kourtney Kardashian posted pictures of herself wearing a black dress on Instagram Oct. 22 in anticipation of Halloween, one user noted the Lemme founder bore a physical comparison to her eldest niece
"Why does she look like North West???" the person asked in the comment section, referring to the eldest of Kim Kardashian and ex Kanye West's four kids.
Because, as Kourtney drily quipped, "We may be related."
Accompanying the 45-year-old’s all-black look were photos of her house decked out for Halloween—and Kourtney did not hold back for spooky season, with her pictures showing a table covered in cobwebs, black candles, skulls and with skeletons seated in the chairs.
But while taking a break from the eerie, the Poosh founder recently spent time with North for a family night.
On Oct. 22, Kim hosted a private advance screening of the upcoming film Wicked at her home for her loved ones, which included an appearance by the leading actresses themselves—Cynthia Erivo and Ariana Grande.
In addition to Kourtney and North, guests included Kim, her kids Chicago West, 6, and Psalm West, 5, Kourtney's daughter Penelope Disick, 12, Khloe Kardashian and her kids True Thompson, 6, and Tatum Thompson, 2, Rob Kardashian's daughter Dream Kardashian, 7, Kylie Jenner's daughter Stormi Webster, 6, and Kris Jenner.
The group, including Elphaba and Glinda themselves, all wore pink and green SKIMS pajamas to the event, with North standing out in plaid pants.
"We laughed, we cried (a few times) and we loved it so much!" Kim wrote on her Instagram Stories, sharing a group photo from the event. "Thank you @arianagrande and @cynthiserivo for watching @wickedmovie with us tonight. The most magical pajama party."
Read on to see some of the Kardashian-Jenner kids' sweetest pics over the years...
Just Dance
Kim Kardashian and Khloe Kardashian joined with Chicago West, Dream Kardashian and True Thompson at their dance recital in June 2024.
Play Ball
Khloe also posted this pic of True Thompson with her little brother Tatum Thompson at the dance recital.
True Thompson and Chicago West honored their respective mothers, Khloe Kardashian and Kim Kardashian, in a mischievous way.
True and Chicago shared a sweet moment.
True and Psalm West showed their casts after breaking their arms in August 2023.
Khloe's daughter and Rob Kardashian's daughter Dream Kardashian posed for pics for St. Patrick's Day 2023.
Khloe shared this photo of her daughter True, plus cousins Penelope Disick, Saint West, North West, Reign Disick, Psalm West and Dream in February 2023. She wrote, "This photo was near a miracle to get lol...a handful of other other cousins were off running and playing."
Penelope Disick, North West, Dream Kardashian and True Thompson were all smiles in this February 2023 photo.
Chicago sand her dad Kanye West and XXXTENTACION's song "True Love" while sitting in a vehicle with her little brother Psalm West in October 2022.
...the song references his and Kim Kardashian's four children, but Chicago and Psalm did not perform those parts.
Khloe and True had Dream over for a sleepover in June 2023.
Kylie Jenner, Stormi Webster and Kris Jenner lip-synched one of the momager's confessional lines from The Kardashians in an October 2022 TikTok video.
In August 2022, Kim coined the acronym "best friends forever and ever" to describe True, Chicago and Dream.
Penelope Disick helped North West celebrate her 9th birthday with a "Camp North"-themed getaway to the wilderness with a group of BFFs.
"Today was incredible! Our girls had their first dance recital and they were perfection!!!!" Khloe shared in June 2022. "I am so proud of all four of my girls!"
The cousins celebrated True Thompson's fourth birthday during a cat-themed bash in April 2022.
Penelope and North snapped a video during True's birthday party.
Psalm accompanied True while playing with a furry friend.
The cousins had some fun in a play pen.
True and Dream had an epic dance party to Aqua's '90 hit song "Barbie Girl," which Khloe documented on Instagram.
The BFFs also performed and sang along to the massively popular song from Encanto "We Don't Talk About Bruno."
Could their dance moves be any cuter?!
Chicago, True and Stormi gave each other hugs and kisses in an adorable pic, shared by Kim on Sept. 1. "250 Million followers on IG. I love you guys!" Kim thanked her fans. "I wanted to post this pic because if I could get 250 million kisses from our babies my life would be complete." 
Chicago, True and Stormi showed off their fashion prowess in stylish outfits as they had a hug huddle on Sept. 1. 
Chicago looked back at aunt Khloe as she held hands with True on Aug. 4. 
Dream, Stormi, Chicago and True adorably went window shopping at The Grove on Aug. 4. "Cousins," Khloe captioned with a purple heart emoji.
Reign, Mason, Penelope and North set up a summer lemonade stand also selling custom bracelets. Even Scott received a custom "Lord" bracelet from "pooshalini" Penelope!
"The sweetest girls," Khloe Kardashian captioned a precious moment between cousins Dream Kardashian, True Thompson and Chicago West. 
Former E! star Natalie Halcro's daughter also joined the photo op. 
Dream, True and Chicago posed in matching purple leotards.
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.