by 
	Sydni Ellis


Kim Kardashian may be enjoying the single life, but her kids aren’t. The SKIMS founder revealed that her four children, who she shares with ex-husband Kanye West, are pressuring her to date again — and they already have lists of recommendations!

	










	“It’s so funny because my kids try to set me up,” Kardashian, who is mom to North, 11, Saint, 8, Chicago, 6, and Psalm, 5, said on an appearance Wednesday on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon. “Like, they’re ready now [for me to date]. And I’m not.”













	Related story



	
	
		
					Jeannie Mai & Her Daughter Monaco Are in House-Hunter Mode During This Scenic Video		
	










	“They’re so particular,” she continued. “Like they come home — they make lists.” Can you imagine? Most single parents are struggling to navigate how to introduce their kids to the idea of dating again, but Kardashian is having to fight off these little matchmakers, and it’s so funny.



	Her kids also have very specific ideas of who they want their mom to date. Like sports-fanatic Saint, who wants her “to be with any basketball player or soccer player.” “I’m like, ‘If you only knew!’” Kardashian cheekily jokes. One day he’ll learn about his mom’s 72-day marriage to NBA player Kris Humphries, and he’ll understand why that suggestion is so ironic.



	She continued, “Some of my kids want me to be with [internet] streamers. Like they have lists, and they try to sneakily set me up, and I’m like, ‘Guys. This just isn’t what I want right now.’”

The Kardashians star, who was most recently linked to NFL star Odell Beckham, Jr., seems to be focused on motherhood right now. In an interview with Vogue China in June, she revealed how she does her best to “fight” the allure of social media with her kids.
Kim Kardashian and Khloé Kardashian's recent disagreement over parenting styles has sparked a debate on social media.  https://t.co/JgegdEbA0x

	“I don’t know what it would be like, honestly, growing up like how our kids grow up [surrounded by technology]. And that’s why I fight so much for now sports and all of the human connections and all of our, the play dates and all of the fun trips. And I like to have these like core memories that are just hanging out with your friends and being present in the moment. And I think I’m doing a really good job.”



	“My kids aren’t addicted to their devices, so far, that makes me feel proud,” she added.

	Although, maybe if the kids spent a little more time on their phones, they would be less invested in their mom’s dating life. Oh well, at least she has a good sense of humor about it all!
Before you go, check out Kim Kardashian’s best quotes about being a mom.

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
The stories you care about, delivered daily.
SheKnows is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 SheMedia, LLC. All Rights Reserved.