By SONIA HORON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  02:09, 9 July 2024   |  Updated:  08:26, 9 July 2024   
 108
View  comments
Julia Fox got candid about her sexuality with the help of a viral TikTok video.
Kanye West's ex-girlfriend, 34, seemingly came out as a lesbian in a clip posted to her account on Monday. 
She stitched a video from TikTok user @emgwaciedawgie who says, 'I love when I see a lesbian with their boyfriend. It’s like "Aww, you hate that man. You literally hate him."'
In her response the Uncut Gems star — who recently discussed being celibate — states, 'Hey, that was me. I was that lesbian. So sorry, boys. Won't happen again.' 
The original poster wrote in the comments: 'did i just facilitate julia fox coming out... ily queen.' 
Julia Fox got candid about her sexuality with the help of a viral TikTok video. Kanye West's ex-girlfriend, 34, seemingly came out as a lesbian in a clip posted to her account on Monday
It comes two and a half years after her short-lived romance with the rapper; The duo seen in 2002 in Paris  
This isn't the first time the mother-of-one discussed her sexuality. 
In 2022 she revealed she was considering exploring her 'gay bone' and wanted to start dating women during an appearance on Ziwe. 
'Like, maybe my ex-boyfriends weren't wrong when they were calling me a lesbian and complaining that I never wanted to have sex with them,' the Italian-born model stated. 
The star then noted: '[You] can find love in all places and all races. All [men are] equally horrible to be honest — all men. It's just a man thing.'
And earlier this year she revealed she was celibate for over two and a half years, after previously sharing that she and the rapper were not intimate during their short-lived relationship.
'I just think nothing good comes from having sex, including children. No, I'm just kidding,' the actress quipped during a Watch What Happens Live With Andy Cohen in May.
'I think with the overturning of Roe v. Wade and our rights being stripped away from us, this is a way that I can take back the control.'
'And it just sucks that it has to be in that way, but I just don't feel comfortable until things change.'
She stitched a video from TikTok user @emgwaciedawgie who says, 'I love when I see a lesbian with their boyfriend. It’s like "Aww, you hate that man. You literally hate him"'
In her response the Uncut Gems star states, 'Hey, that was me. I was that lesbian. So sorry, boys. Won't happen again'
In 2022 she revealed she was considering exploring her 'gay bone' and wanted to start dating women; Pictured in New York City in 2024 
Earlier this year she revealed she was celibate for over two and a half years, after previously sharing that she and the rapper were not intimate during their short-lived relationship
Julia wrote on TikTok: '2.5 years of celibacy and never been better [to be honest]'
Kanye and Julia started dating in January 2022, after meeting on New Year's Eve, and then moved at warp speed into a full-blown relationship, with the actress even penning an essay about their romance. 
Their love came to a screeching halt in February 2022, after six weeks of dating, with Julia confirming the breakup on Instagram, as she said she had love for Kanye but wasn't 'in love' with him. 
The beauty has been married once, to private pilot Peter Artemiev ​from 2018 until 2020. 
They share a son named Valentino, three, who was born in January 2021 after their divorce. 
Julia previously shared said she doesn't like sex and is 'desensitized' to it because of her past career as a dominatrix - and revealed she'd rather take the plant-based psychedelic 'ayahuasca and see God' than be intimate.
She shared that she started working in a 'basement dungeon' at age 18, where she would be paid to fulfill men's fantasies.
The star opened up about how the 'humiliating' job forced her to 'disassociate' as a 'survival mechanism' - which left her looking at sex as a 'one-sided' and 'trivial' act even now, years later.
'Sex for me always has been one-sided but I think all women can say that. So it's like, if I don't really need anything from you, I don't see the point,' she told her pal Emily Ratajkowski during an appearance on her podcast High Low with EmRata.
Kanye and Julia started dating in January 2022. Their love came to a screeching halt in February 2022, after six weeks of dating; The duo seen in 2022 in Paris
The beauty has been married once, to private pilot Peter Artemiev ​from 2018 until 2020. They share a son named Valentino, three, who was born in January 2021 after their divorce 
'I'm really desensitized to sex, too. Like it just, it's not thrilling for me.'
Last year the actress told ELLE about dating: 'I want to be left alone. Like, don't talk to me, don't look at me, don't bother me.'
'I feel like knowingly engaging in a heterosexual relationship, you are signing yourself up for an unhealthy dynamic,' Julia continued.
'At the end of the day, a wife and a prostitute are both doing the same thing, but the prostitute is doing it with different men and the wife does it with the same man - they just put a fancy label on it.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group