Riding in style.
Kris Jenner gifted Kim Kardashian and Kanye West’s son Psalm a $1,500 toy Tesla Cybertruck for his 5th birthday.
The Skims co-founder took to her Instagram Stories on Thursday to show off her youngest child’s pricey new set of wheels.
“Thank you mom! @krisjenner for the coolest gift for Psalm for his bday,” she wrote alongside a video of the new whip. “Baby Cyber truck.”
In the clip, Kardashian, 43, said her son was going to “match mommy,” as she owns a full-size version of the Cybertruck, which ranges in price from $60,990 to nearly $100,000.
Psalm then told his mom he wanted to drive the all-electric car to school, which she shut down before asking him to get inside his new car.
The mom of four — who also shares daughters North, 10, and Chicago, 6, and son Saint, 8, with West, 46 — then shared a snap of Psalm and Chicago in the truck as Jenner, 68, looked on.
Psalm, who was born in May 2019 via surrogate, also took the mini Cybertruck for a spin outside with his big brother, Saint.
According to the Tesla website, the kid-friendly Cybertruck reaches a max speed of 10 mph and features an LED headlight and taillight.
The vehicle, which is currently out of stock online, seats up to two kids “comfortably” and is suitable for children 6 to 12 years old.
Psalm also celebrated his big day with a Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle-themed birthday cake, which featured the heroes coming out of a sewer with their swords.
Kardashian penned a sweet message to the “sweet, smart, silly independent” birthday boy on Instagram.
“I can’t tell you how blessed I feel to be your mom!” she wrote alongside a carousel of snaps of them together.
“Your calm energy is much appreciated in our house hold lol. You prove you can be the hulk, spider man or an archeologist any day of the week!” the “Kardashians” star added.
“I’ve never met someone who sleeps more than you do and one day I will show you the entire photo album I’ve made of your sleeps! I love you so much always and forever.”
Advertisement