In 2024, there were numerous celebrities, politicians and Karens who decided to mess around and find out. Here is a list of folks who ultimately had to deal with the consequences of their chaotic behavior.
2 / 16
After Cassie’s shocking lawsuit against Sean “Diddy” Combs was made public last year, the floodgates opened as the mogul was accused by multiple people of abuse and sexual assault. In September, Combs was arrested and charged with racketeering conspiracy and sex trafficking.
3 / 16
Earlier this year, North Carolina Attorney General Josh Stein defeated controversial Republican Lt. Gov. Mark Robinson in the state’s gubernatorial race. In September, CNN reported Robinson had commented on a porn website over a decade ago. On the site, he called himself a “black NAZI” and said he supports bringing back slavery.
4 / 16
When he beefed with Kendrick Lamar earlier this year, Drake not only lost the battle but the anti-Drake anthem “Not Like Us” became a number one single on the Billboard charts. In 2024, Drake was also threatened with legal action from Tupac Shakur’s estate when he emulated the late rapper’s voice using AI on “Taylor Made Freestyle.” Perhaps Drizzy gave himself the biggest L of the year when he threatened legal action against Universal Music Group and accused them of inflating the streaming numbers of “Not Like Us” using bots.
5 / 16
In March, actress and comedian Amanda Seales expressed frustration about not being invited to certain events in Black Hollywood. This opened the floodgates and sparked conversation about if Seales was “likeable” or not. In December, she received backlash for insulting Nene Leakes’ appearance and alleged plastic surgery.
6 / 16
In August 2023, several Black women who worked as “Hooters Girls” filed a lawsuit with the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC), claiming that they “experienced racial discrimination and hostility from managers” and were often subjected to “discriminatory comments.” In October, Hooters of America settled with the EOC, requiring the company to pay $250,000 to the Black women involved in the lawsuit.
7 / 16
On Kendrick Lamar’s surprise album, “GNX,” which dropped earlier this year, he rapped on the song “wacced out murals:” “Don’t let no white comedian talk about no Black woman, that’s law.” This sent Andrew Schulz and Gary Owen both into a spiral, with the former making a despicable rape joke about Lamar on his podcast “FLAGRANT.”
8 / 16
Some white women voted for Vice President Kamala Harris began wearing a blue bracelet on their wrists to signify that they didn’t vote for Donald Trump. However, this trend quickly went viral on TikTok which led Black women to call the move performative.
9 / 16
Earlier this year, Detroit Judge Kathleen Ryan was removed from her docket on Aug. 27 after secret recordings of her wildly racist phone conversations were recorded and made public. In October, ABC 7 Detroit reported that new recordings  surfaced in which she made even more racist comments.  Ryan was recorded by the court’s administrator Edward Hutton, who was deeply disturbed by her remarks.
10 / 16
In May, Rep. Marjorie Taylor Greene (R-Ga.) insulted Rep. Jasmine Crockett’s eyelashes during a House Oversight and Accountability Committee. Crockett clapped back by saying Greene had a “bleach blonde bad built butch body.” The insult went viral and was trademarked by Crockett.
11 / 16
Kanye West was dragged to court all throughout 2024. More than 10 producers claimed they weren’t paid for their work on Ye and Ty Dolla $ign’s two collaboration albums released this year, “Vultures 1” and “Vultures 2.” West’s former assistant, Lauren Pisciotta, claimed he sent her several inappropriate sexual photos and videos. Pisciotta also said that after she was fired, she never received her promised severance. West was also sued by former teachers who worked at his school and was accused of wearing clothing that had swastikas at work.
12 / 16
Black journalists were livid that Donald Trump was invited to the National Association of Black Journalists (NABJ) annual convention earlier this year. Trump’s scheduled noon arrival grew to nearly 90 minutes, which pushed back the convention’s other scheduled events. He disrespected Black folks in the room by saying he was “the best person for the Black population since Abraham Lincoln.” He also questioned if Vice President Kamala Harris was really Black and avoided questions about Project 2025.
13 / 16
Culture vulture DJ Vlad gave his opinion on Kendrick Lamar’s “Not Like Us” in May by stating: “Kendrick’s ‘Not Like Us’ needed a better mix. It takes away from the song.” When checked by author Morgan Jerkins—who is also a professor—to stay out of Black folks’ business, Vlad went full-on Karen and threatened to have her fired. He immediately felt the wrath of Black Twitter.
14 / 16
In August, a CNN panel featuring Rep. Nancy Mace (R-SC) quickly went to hell after the GOP Karen repeatedly mispronounced Vice President Kamala Harris’s name. Vanderbilt University professor Michael Eric Dyson checked Mace on her alarming disrespect several times, to which the congresswoman replied, “I just did and I’ll do it again” and “I will say Kamala’s name any way that I want to.”
“This congresswoman is a wonderful human being,” Dyson said. “But when you disrespect Kamala Harris by saying you will call her whatever you want, I know you don’t intend it to be that way, that’s the history and legacy of white disregard for the humanity of Black people.”
15 / 16
In November, Donald Trump won the presidential election after defeating Vice President Kamala Harris. Even though the majority of Black people voted for Harris, Trump still garnered both the popular vote and won over the electoral college. Trump has stated he wants to pardon Jan. 6 rioters, dismantle the Department of Education, deport immigrants at record rates and dissolve the U.S. Justice Department’s Civil Rights Division. America messed around and will find out just how dangerous Trump 2.0 will be.
16 / 16