To avoid her husband feeling left out during the filming of raunchy flick Magic Mike’s Last Dance, Salma Hayek gave him some special treatment in the form of naked lap dances.
She’s been with French businessman François-Henri Pinault since 2006. Asked by chat show host Jimmy Fallon if he minded her filming the raunchy scenes with her ripped co-star Channing Tatum, she responded: “He gets the same and even better but without the clothes so I don't think he is going to complain!”
Salma added to People magazine that her hubby is “not a jealous man”, and he wasn’t bothered being around strippers when he visited her on set. She said: “I used to call him all the time [from set] and say, 'Oh my God, I feel so bad,' because I had this predisposition about how the guys, the strippers were going to be. But they're not. They're lovely.
READ MORE: Kanye West confirms Bianca Censori’s IQ as fans notice disturbing post detail
READ MORE: Want more showbiz? Daily Star has just the thing for you!
“And [François-Henri] goes, ‘Oh god, you’re becoming best friends with the strippers, aren’t you?’ And I said yes! He came a couple of times to the set. There was especially one who would come and ask him advice for business. He spoke French and he knew everything about François. He says, 'I'm a big fan.' He reacted more to François than to me!"
By the time filming was ready to wrap, the strippers “all came to [Salma’s] house” to “hang out”, with François admitting: “They’re adorable, they’re lovely.”
Salma confessed she was left “so sore” after one lap dance rehearsal with Channing, explaining: “After the first rehearsal I was sore because I'm not in shape and it's not movement you're used to. So I was sore. It was technical: You've got to make sure you don't poke his eye with a stiletto or knock him out or he doesn't drop me.”
It’s not the first time she’s dropped a saucy confession when it comes to her hubby, though. She previously said that less is more when it comes to sex, telling Red magazine: “Sex is not the key to a happy marriage, but it’s a side effect. Although not every day! If it’s every day then it loses its charm.
“It’s so important to maintain your chemistry. You have to continue to laugh, continue to explore, continue to have fun with each other, continue to have romance. A good marriage, full of love, is my biggest accomplishment.
“Home is where my husband is. He is home. Everything outside of the family nucleus is an adventure that you’re living together.”
For more of the latest showbiz news from Daily Star, make sure you sign up to one of our newsletters here.
Their wedding day was a complete surprise to Salma when it arrived on Valentine’s Day, 2009. She confessed to Glamour: “I didn’t even know I was getting married that day. It was like an intervention.
“They just took me to the court. My parents, my brother, they were all ganging up on me. I had a phobia of the marriage thing. It was because I had said yes to the marriage, but I just wouldn’t actually show up on the day or do it.”
Follow Daily Star on Threads here.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.