By 

	Jazz Tangcay

Artisans Editor

North West, the daughter of Kim Kardashian and Kanye West, has joined the cast of Disney’s “The Lion King at the Hollywood Bowl,” a live concert event that will be filmed across two performances and released as a special on Disney+.

	West is set to star alongside previously announced cast members Jeremy Irons, Nathan Lane, Billy Eichner, Ernie Sabella, Jason Weaver, Jennifer Hudson and Bradley GIbson. Broadway actress Heather Headley and Lebo M. round out the cast.





	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					What an AI War on Copyright Law Could Mean for Content Creators		
			














	
		
					Sean 'Diddy' Combs' Attorneys File Motion to Exclude Cassie Ventura Assault Video From Federal Trial		
			








	The shows will take place on May 24 and 25 in celebration of “The Lion King’s” 30th anniversary.

	










			Popular on Variety		






	Disney Branded Television and Fulwell 73 Productions are on board to produce the show along with AMP Worldwide and Live Nation-Hewitt Silva. The performances will be captured for a Disney+ Original special “The Lion King at the Hollywood Bowl,” set to stream at a later date. 

	The special will celebrate the 30-year evolution of “The Lion King,” from the original 1994 animated film to the 1998 Tony Award-winning Broadway musical to the 2019 dramatic live-action film. 

	Emmy winner Marina Toybina (“The Masked Singer,” “Beauty and the Beast: A 30th Celebration”) will be designing costumes for the production. Fulwell’s Gabe Turner and Sally Wood are creative showrunners, Paul Dugdale serves as director and Misty Buckley is the show’s production designer. 

	Fans will be able to experience life in the Pride Lands with a full orchestra performing Han Zimmer’s score conducted by Sarah Hicks. There will be immersive live performances from the film’s soundtrack including “Can You Feel The Love Tonight,” “Circle Of Life” and “Hakuna Matata.” 

	In addition to the live performances, the production will incorporate elements from the Broadway musical highlighting musical numbers, costumes, set design and puppetry.

	The cast will perform select numbers for the first time at the Hollywood Bowl, featuring the Broadway show’s award-winning and artistically acclaimed costumes, set design and innovative puppetry.

	The live-to-film performances precede the upcoming Dec. 20 prequel from Walt Disney Studios, “Mufasa: The Lion King.” Directed by Barry Jenkins, the live-action film will tell Mufasa’s origin story.
The Business of Entertainment