Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
Kim Kardashian has shared on the She MD podcast that one of her sons with ex-husband Kanye West has been diagnosed with a skin condition known as vitiligo. The 43-year-old businesswoman mentioned that her son "has vitiligo very mildly", but did not clarify whether she was referring to five-year-old Psalm or eight-year-old Saint.
So, what exactly is vitiligo and how can you tell if you have it? Dr Vinesh Mistry, an NHS GP and doctor at One Day Tests, explained: "It is a long-term condition causing patches of skin to become paler in colour. There are several types of vitiligo, but usually it is classified as generalised (affecting both sides of the body) or segmental (affecting only one part or side of the body)."
According to the NHS, the condition can affect any area of skin, but it commonly occurs on the face, neck and hands, and in skin creases, reports the Daily Record. Dr Mistry added: "Vitiligo can affect people of any skin colour not just people of darker skin tones or those with mixed race parents," and "The condition is also not associated with skin cancer either."
Dr Paris Acharya, skincare expert and co-founder of The Ardour Clinic, said: "It is caused by the lack of melanin pigment in the skin. Our body's melanin is produced by skin cells called melanocytes which is what gives our skin its colour.
"Those who have vitiligo don't have enough melanocytes to produce the level of melanin needed which is what causes the white patches to develop. Triggers such as severe illness, stress and chemical skin injuries may also contribute, along with a positive family history."
According to what's detailed on the NHS website, non-segmental vitiligo, being the most prevalent type, appears to be an autoimmune disorder. Moreover, it might be triggered by various incidents, which can include:
Experience with the symptoms is generally different from person to person. Vitiligo is capable of impacting any skin area but common sites are wrists, armpits, neck, face, mouth, groin and hair roots, Dr Acharya said.
The initial signals of vitiligo tend to display as pale skin that steadily transitions to pure white. At the centre of the afflicted patch, the colour often manifests as white with a peripheral fading to lighter hues.
Underlying blood vessels beneath the skin could make the patch look pinkish instead of white. The edges of these areas could present as smooth or irregular in contour.
At moments, they might exhibit redness or swelling, or bear a brown tint known as hyperpigmentation. Vitiligo isn't associated with painful skin conditions like dryness; nevertheless, the impacted spots might have episodes of itchiness.
Vitiligo can be passed down through families, but it doesn't follow a simple inheritance pattern. "A child of a parent with vitiligo is not guaranteed to acquire the condition. Even in identical twins there is no guarantee that both would be affected, which supports the theory that vitiligo has both genetic and environmental determinants", says Dr Mistry.
While there are treatments available for those with vitiligo, there is currently no cure.
Dr Mistry said: "You don't usually need to see a doctor regarding this condition; however, if you have new skin changes, then seeking the advice of a medical professional is worthwhile. Even though vitiligo is not serious, it can often have quite a significant impact on the mental well-being of affected individuals and this should be recognised and managed.
"Some creams can also help with newly forming patches and even restore pigmentation, but their effectiveness varies between individuals. Light therapy is also an option generally safer for children."
Dr Acharya also recommends investing in a high-factor SPF, as the pale white areas of the skin are vulnerable to the sun's rays. They said: "The pale white areas of skin caused by vitiligo are more vulnerable to sunburn and sun damage. Therefore it's vital to take extra care when in the sun and to always use a broad spectrum, high-factor SPF."