search
Rudi Schreiner, Kristin Karst will be minutes from Nobu, SoHo House
SHARE THIS ARTICLE
FONT SIZE
AmaWaterways co-founders Rudi Schreiner and Kristin Karst have dropped anchor on a $22.5 million Malibu mansion.
Schreiner, president of the river cruise line, and wife Kristin Karst, who is AmaWaterways executive vice president, purchased the property at 23450 Malibu Colony Road from a Los Angeles LLC called CIG Property Holdings and managed by Mary Ann Sigler, according to property and state records.
The deal marks another notch for Malibu, which has seen its fair share of high-profile deals this year. That includes home flipper Belwood Investments’ $21 million purchase of 24844 Malibu Road from Ye, previously known as Kanye West, in September. There’s also Oakley founder Jim Jannard’s 33064 Pacific Coast Highway estate selling for a reported $210 million in the summer.
Sigler bought the Malibu Colony home in 2021 for just under $17 million. It hit the market last October with a $26.5 million ask, according to listing sites.
The Agency’s Christine Martin and Samira Gores represented the seller, while Harcourts Property Management’s Alex Duk and Deanna D’Egidio represented the buyer.
The beachfront property is located in Malibu Colony, a gated community minutes from Nobu and SoHo House’s Little Beach House social club.
The home is roughly 5,000 square feet with four beds and six baths. It sits on a lot just over 7,000 square feet and has an outdoor deck and steps leading directly to the beach.
Vienna-born Schreiner designed a raft for himself to travel up and down the Amazon River while on a reporting assignment in 1975. The trips clearly struck a chord with Schreiner who made the jump to the travel industry, helping a number of river cruise companies establish their North American business.
In 2002, Schreiner teamed with Karst and Jimmy Murphy to start AmaWaterways, which sells river cruises in Europe, Asia, Africa, Egypt and Colombia.
All rights reserved © 2025 The Real Deal is a registered Trademark of Korangy Publishing Inc.