Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce have become the new 'it' couple and even with the cameras constantly on them, they still find times to have moments of intimacy in the crowd.
With their relationship broadcasted everywhere, fans love seeing the cute moments of love between them. The pair seem to show acts of support of each other's relationships whenever possible, including attending each other's career events like concerts and football games.
A glimpse at all the moments reveals just how deep their love goes. After all, they did spend quite a bit of time getting to know each other behind closed doors before seeming to go public at a Kansas City Chiefs game.
Join the Mirror's SMS news service to get the biggest breaking stories delivered straight to your phone. Click here to subscribe.
READ MORE: Selena Gomez and Taylor Swift's hot gossip at the Golden Globes finally revealed
During a concert in South America, Travis and Taylor really wouldn't stop showing their affection for each other. Fans made a little project where they held up signs that said, "We will stay" during her song The Archer. After seeing Travis in the VIP tent, a fan offered him a sign and he happily took it.
Participating in the fan project, he flashed the sweet sign up while he danced along to his girlfriend's music. Fans were obsessed with the gesture as it showed he was not only respecting her, but the Swifties, too.
After that first appearance at his game, Taylor and Travis ran off after a win to celebrate. Fans were surprised to see Travis driving his new girlfriend in a convertible away from the stadium. Typically for Taylor, she's far more hidden away, arriving places in a dark SUV and keeping a more lowkey vibe. In fact, following her drama with Kim Kardashian and Kanye West, she was hardly seen for a year, even being snuck out of her home in a box.
The bold moment showed a sign of seriousness in their relationship early on. Travis drove them off to a rented out restaurant for a big blow-out party. Riding off into the sunset, the pair shared a totally adorable moment.
In another bold and public act, Taylor and Travis had a zoo date while Taylor was on tour with Australia. With the Super Bowl all wrapped and won, Travis was able to meet with Taylor on her own adventure. While typically the pair are more private during their dates, this time they didn't shy away from the inevitable cameras on them and went out to visit some adorable animals.
After a massive Kansas City Chiefs victory at the Super Bowl, Taylor went with Travis to a Las Vegas night club to celebrate. It seems that ever since she started dating Travis she's been much more bold, outgoing, and open because the pop star even posted a TikTok showing off her night.
In a shock twist, the DJs started playing one of Taylor's most romantic songs, Love Story. Taylor and Travis had the opportunity to do the sweetest thing and they took it. The power couple sang the song together and Taylor couldn't resist doing a little bit of her Eras Tour choreography, too.
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.