By BRIAN GALLAGHER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  08:01, 22 April 2024   |  Updated:  14:18, 22 April 2024   
 225
View  comments
Just days after rapper Kanye West was named a battery suspect after an incident in Los Angeles, a new report claims he actually punched the wrong man.
The 46-year-old rapper was at the Chateau Marmont hotel in Los Angeles on Wednesday, where he got into an altercation with a man his girlfriend Bianca Censori claims physically and sexually assaulted her.  
Now a new report surfaced on TMZ, claiming West punched one half of a set of twins who own numerous L.A. bars and restaurants... adding West actually punched the wrong one.
The twins are Mark and Jonnie Houston, who own L.A. hotspots such as No Vacancy, Good Times at Davey Wayne's, Black Rabbit Rose and Break Room 86.
West and Censori are claiming that Censori bumped into one of the brothers and that he proceeded to assault her.
Just days after rapper Kanye West was named a battery suspect after an incident in Los Angeles , a new report claims he actually punched the wrong man
The twins are Mark and Jonnie Houston, who own L.A. hotspots such as No Vacancy, Good Times at Davey Wayne's, Black Rabbit Rose and Break Room 86
However, sources are claiming there is no evidence to back up those claims, with TMZ's sources calling Censori's allegations, 'totally off base and simply not accurate.' 
Sources claim that a man bumped into Censori in the Chateau Marmont lobby, which was said to be quite busy at that time.
The incident happened quickly and the man went on his way, heading outside to sit with some friends.
Shortly thereafter, West came up to the table to confront the man, ultimately punching the man in the face.
However, West apparently hit the wrong man - the other twin and not the one who bumped into his girlfriend in the lobby.
It isn't clear at this time which of the twins ran into Censori and which one was ultimately punched by West.
The Houston twins are said to frequent the Chateau Marmont quite a bit though it's unclear if they've interacted with West before.
The rapper left the hotel after the incident, long before police arrived, with cops reportedly wanting to talk to West after the altercation.
However, sources are claiming there is no evidence to back up those claims, with TMZ's sources calling Censori's allegations, 'totally off base and simply not accurate.'
Sources claim that a man bumped into Censori in the Chateau Marmont lobby, which was said to be quite busy at that time.
The Houston twins are said to frequent the Chateau Marmont quite a bit though it's unclear if they've interacted with West before
West reportedly punched the wrong brother two times, with law enforcement sources failing to find any evidence that one of the brothers assaulted Censori in any way
West reportedly punched the wrong brother two times, with law enforcement sources failing to find any evidence that one of the brothers assaulted Censori in any way.
An investigation is under way, and it will be sent to the City Attorney for review to see if any official charges will be filed.
Despite no evidence being found, West's team is adamant that Censori was assaulted that night.
'This was a physical, sexual assault and any attempt to undermine the seriousness of what happened is repellent and vile,' one of Kanye's reps said in a statement. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group