By EVE BUCKLAND FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  20:48, 31 October 2024   |  Updated:  22:32, 31 October 2024   
 299
View  comments
Kim Kardashian's daughter North West adorably dressed as Disney Princess Tiana in a Halloween video on Thursday.
North, 11, whose dad Kanye West is marking Halloween in Tokyo, donned a pale green gown and matching tiara to transform into the character from 2009 film, The Princess and the Frog.
North wore white lace gloves and metallic eyeshadow to complete her look while hanging out with her friends who were dressed as Frozen's Elsa and Moana.
The youngster joked around and showed off her costume in a video on her and mom Kim's shared TikTok account.
She also dressed up as musician H.E.R. - who famously wore space buns and a catsuit for her 2024 Super Bowl halftime performance alongside Usher.
Kim Kardashian 's daughter North West adorably dressed as Disney Princess Tiana in a Halloween video on Thursday
North, 11, whose dad is Kanye West, donned a pale green gown and matching tiara to transform into the character from 2009 film, The Princess and the Frog (pictured) 
The day proved to be a family affair with aunt Khloe Kardashian, 40, also joining her loved ones.
The video comes on the heels of news that Kim has mended her relationship with Caitlyn Jenner, after the family were embroiled in a lengthy feud.
Caitlyn had sparked friction with her family when she first reflected on her marriage to Kris, after coming out as transgender, before going onto speak about them in length in the documentary series House Of Kardashian.
But it appears that Kim has begun to build bridges with her stepfather Caitlyn, as she took to Instagram to share a sweet tribute to mark her 75th birthday.
Posting a selfie with Caitlyn, Kim captioned the post: 'Happy 75th Birthday. I love you.'
None of Kim's siblings - Khloe, Kourtney, Kylie and Kendall Jenner - echoed her sentiment, as they stayed noticeably silent on Caitlyn's birthday, as did her ex Kris.
Caitlyn also showed her appreciation for Kim's tribute, by reposting the snap on her Instagram Stories. 
Last year, sources said that Caitlyn was 'extremely remorseful' after she upset the Kardashian and Jenner families after publicly revealing that she and ex-wife Kris Jenner no longer communicate.
North wore white lace gloves and metallic eyeshadow to complete her look while hanging out with her friends who were dressed as Frozen's Elsa and Moana
She also dressed up as musician H.E.R. - who famously wore space buns and a catsuit for her 2024 Super Bowl halftime performance alongside Usher
Rob Kardashian shared a sweet set of snaps of his daughter Dream dressed as Los Angeles Lakers legend Kobe Bryant for Halloween
A source told TMZ that the Olympic gold medalist was instantly regretful that her interview on the British daytime show This Morning caused 'some family drama' amid the revelation about her lack of contact with her Kris.
The I Am Cait star shared 22 years of marriage with Kris and they welcomed two children together, Kendall and Kylie.
The Mount Kisco, New York-born celebrity garnered a hostile reaction from relatives after she said the state of her relationship with Kris was 'really sad,' as she promoted the release of her three-part tell-all series, House Of Kardashian.
Insiders close to Caitlyn told the outlet that many family members, including Kendall and Kylie, sided with Kris over Caitlyn on the issue.
Compounding the hostility within the family, the source said, was that they were 'not on board' with Caitlyn's paid participation in House of Kardashian.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group