By REBECCA LAWRENCE FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  08:11, 6 February 2024   |  Updated:  15:03, 6 February 2024   
 3.9k
View  comments
For most people, a raincoat would the be the accessory of choice for camping or a brisk walk on a drizzly day. 
Yet Bianca Censori was on a mission to prove the humble rain poncho could also be 2024's hottest new fashion trend as she made a showstopping arrival to a Los Angeles music studio on Monday. 
Proving that far less is more, the 29-year-old Australian architect wore absolutely nothing beneath her cagoule, going completely naked bar a pair of knee high black boots. 
Branding across the front of the coat helped shield her ample chest, yet she was forced to place her hand over her groin to protect her modesty. 
Her other hand was firmly grasped by husband Kanye West, who also appeared to be taking no chances with the Pineapple Express storm pummelling the West Coast, as he donned an oversized khaki poncho with black rain boots. 
Bianca Censori was on a mission to prove the rain poncho could be 2024's hottest new fashion trend as she made a showstopping arrival to a LA studio with Kanye West on Monday
Proving that far less is more, the 29-year-old Australian architect wore absolutely nothing beneath her cagoule, going completely naked bar a pair of knee high black boots
Bianca pushed the boundaries of public decency as she flashed her bare bottom in the coat 
Sartorially out of sync with his wife, the 46-year-old rapper was as covered up as possible, layering a black top and joggers under his coat and thick leather gloves. 
He completed the look with a black face mask featuring a leather panel slapped across the middle. 
While Ye may have raised a few eyebrows with his choice of attire, fans were no doubt keen to know what was going on inside the studio after he seemingly teased new music. 
The Bound 2 hitmaker took to Instagram to share a snap of the number one, two months after announcing his upcoming album with Ty Dolla Sign, Vultures. 
Yet after months of delays, fans weren't sold on his latest cryptic post, taking to the comments to share: '1 more day of Kanye lying about dropping his album'; 
'1 more decade til vultures drops'; '1 eon till it drops'; '1 more what 1 day, week, month, year, century or what'; 'Drop the album or I’m ending it all'; 'This means he's dropping on January 1st 2025'. 
Vultures: Act 1 is expected to drop later this week and is being self-released.
The first edition, which has been postponed multiple times since a live-streamed listening session in Miami late last year, is slated for February 9.
The second volume is expected for March 8, and the following will drop on April 5.
Branding across the front of the coat helped shield her ample chest, yet she was forced to place her hand over her groin to protect her modesty
Her other hand was firmly grasped by Kanye, who also appeared to be taking no chances with the Pineapple Express storm pummelling the West Coast with his waterproof attire
The rapper donned an oversized khaki poncho with black rain boots as he braved the rain
Sartorially out of sync with his wife, the 46-year-old rapper was as covered up as possible, layering a black top and joggers under his coat and thick leather gloves
He completed the look with a black face mask featuring a leather panel across the middle
While Ye may have raised a few eyebrows with his choice of attire, fans were no doubt keen to know what was going on inside the studio after he seemingly teased new music
The Bound 2 hitmaker took to Instagram to share a snap of the number one, two months after announcing his upcoming album with Ty Dolla Sign, Vultures
Yet after months of delays, fans weren't sold on his latest cryptic post
Vultures is Kanye's first album since he was entangled in a string of controversies -most notably condemned for his offensive and antisemitic rants.
The controversial star has since issued a public apology to the Jewish community in a 40-minute apology video, which Bianca reportedly 'pressured' him to do.
He previously posted a written apology in Hebrew for his string of offensive outbursts.
Bianca and Kanye secretly wed in December 2022, just one month after he finalized his divorce from Kim Kardashian, 43. 
Since then, friends have expressed ongoing fears that the rapper is manipulating his so-called 'wife' – and many believe his latest actions continue to highlight a pattern of 'controlling' behaviour.
In his latest stunt, Kanye is said to have banned Bianca from using social media to protect her from negative comments, according to insiders, who claim her friends believe it's really another tactic to further 'isolate' her.
Despite the architectural designer's loved ones staging an intervention concerning her relationship with the rapper and his 'controlling ways,' her husband appears to have changed her attitude towards social media.
'Bianca has always had social media and she was active on it – until she married Kanye,' an insider exclusively told DailyMail.com.
'He doesn’t want her to have it because he thinks that it will hurt her if she had to read the nasty things that people say. 
'He convinced her that, since she is a star now, she has to remain a mystery and it is creepy to those who know her as it feels like another form of control.'
It's not the first time the pair have tried to make the humble cagoule fashion's next big trend, with the pair sporting raincoats on an outing last month  
Bianca and Kanye secretly wed in December 2022, just one month after he finalized his divorce from Kim Kardashian, 43
Bianca's friends have expressed ongoing fears that the rapper is manipulating his so-called 'wife' – and many believe his actions continue to highlight a pattern of 'controlling' behaviour 
Despite the architectural designer's loved ones staging an intervention concerning her husband's 'controlling ways,' Kanye appears to have changed her attitude to social media
In his latest stunt, Kanye is said to have banned Bianca from using social media to protect her from negative comments, according to insiders
Friends are said to be stunned to see the usually assertive designer going along with Kanye's demands as the source stressed, 'this strong Bianca that was not going to deal with his s***' 
Friends have taken issue with the fact Kanye is posting racy images of his wife on his own Instagram account – despite allegedly claiming she needs protection 
However, friends have taken issue with the fact Kanye is posting racy images of his wife on his own Instagram account – despite allegedly claiming she needs protection.
The insider added: 'He is pushing her nakedness all over his own [account] so that he can control her narrative. It is disturbing, and by shutting her off from the world he is causing her to become more and more isolated.'
Friends are said to be stunned to see the usually assertive designer going along with Kanye's demands as the source stressed: 'This strong Bianca that was not going to deal with his s*** anymore has seemingly vanished once again.
'She is wearing what he wants, going where he wants and doing what he wants because she really has no other choice. She went from being his designer to his wife, which is unfortunately, not a paid position. She’s trapped.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group