By MELISSA KOENIG and ISABELLE STANELY FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  06:46, 1 July 2024   |  Updated:  12:55, 1 July 2024   
 428
View  comments
Kanye West's wife Bianca Censori has been accused of sending porn to staff members - including minors - at West's company, Yeezy, in a bombshell lawsuit.
Censori, 29, allegedly sent one of the employees a link to 'hardcore' sexual content after West announced the launch of his adult film business, Yeezy Porn, in late April.
Those videos were accessible to underage staffers amid the development of the porn app, according to the court documents obtained by TMZ.
Despite the allegations, Censori was not named in the federal lawsuit filed in California - and the anecdote was just incorporated into the suit to demonstrate the problems with the work environment at Ye's YZYVSN streaming service app.
'No guardrails were put in place to prevent the underage YZYVSN workers from working on Yeezy Porn, or to prevent them from being exposed to and being forced to view pornography to perform their work,' it says, according to the Washington Post. 
Kanye West's wife, Bianca Censori, 29, is accused of sending porn to staff members - including minors - at West's company, Yeezy, in a bombshell lawsuit
Despite the allegations, Censori was not named as a defendant in the lawsuit, which accuses West, 47, of engaging in 'forced labor and cruel inhuman, or degrading treatment' 
The suit goes onto accuse West, 47, of engaging in 'forced labor and cruel inhuman, or degrading treatment' and claims that his former chief of staff, Milo Yiannopoulos, called some employees 'new slaves.' 
The complainants in the suit were all hired by Ye to work on his YZYVSN streaming service app, designed to rival Tidal, Spotify and Apple Music, to promote his Vultures and Vultures 2 albums. 
They claim West and Yiannopoulos hired an international developer group comprised of several black members, many of whom were underage, with some as young as 14. 
They then fostered an allegedly racist working environment and repeatedly made false promises about payment and working hours. 
Milo reportedly promised the developer group $120,000 if they completed the app,  agreed to the work conditions and didn't complain.
But Ye then allegedly ordered all of the employees to sign NDAs and threatened to fire the minors if they didn't.
The lawsuit claims that West's former chief of staff, Milo Yiannopoulos, called some employees 'new slaves'
The duo also allegedly required minors to sign 'volunteer' agreements.  
From then on, Ye's white managers reportedly used disparaging and racist language to create a hostile working environment. 
They reportedly harassed team members on the basis of their age, race, gender, sexual orientation and national origin. 
Some of them were called 'slaves' while others were referred to as 'new slaves'. 
'Black and African employees were segregated and given less favorable work assignments and separate "whites only" working groups were formed,' Thigpen Legal claimed in a statement to NBC News.
'Minors were mocked for their age.' 
The complainants were hired by Ye to work on his YZYVSN streaming service app, designed to rival Tidal, Spotify and Apple Music, to promote his Vultures and Vultures 2 albums
The workers were also reportedly forced to work through the night without pay or sleep.
If they did not agree with the long work hours without breaks, the plaintiffs were allegedly threatened with having their pay withheld.
But even after the team allegedly finished one of the apps on May 1 and sent it to Ye, the suit claims he did not pay them - leading them to file the suit asking for damages for unpaid wages and overtime pay, as well as emotional distress.
In a statement posted to X, Yiannopoulos called the lawsuit a 'joke' and a 'sad race hustle,' claiming it was brought by a 'disgruntled, comically inept Black developer I call Hotep Susan who is mad he didn’t get chosen for a full-time Yeezy job.
'I'll eviscerate the complaint line by line tomorrow on camera, including his bonkers racism claims,' Yiannopoulos vowed on Sunday. 
'Truly, it's the most dishonest thing I've ever seen filed with a court. (And I've worked for billionaires and megastars for a decade),' he wrote.
DailyMail.com has also reached out to Ye and Milo for comment. 
The lawsuit comes as West made a surprise trip to Russia. He is thought to be in the country to celebrate the 40th birthday of Russian fashion designer Gosha Rubchinskiy, and not for a concert.
The lawsuit came as West made a surprise trip to Russia. He is believed to be with Censori 
Kanye hired the post-Soviet fashion poster boy as his Yeezy brand's creative director in December 2023 in which Rubchinskiy was described as 'legendary'.
West announced his arrival to the city with a message on state-monitored website VKontakte - Russia's answer to Facebook - in which he wrote in Russian: 'Hello, Moscow.'
It is believed West is with his Censori on the trip, although she was not seen on walkabouts, according to Russian media. This comes after the couple was spotted in Paris and Tokyo together this month. 
Kanye has previously said he is 'pro-Putin' and once called himself a 'Young Putin' during an interview on the Drink Champs podcast. 
Footage allegedly showed him in the Moscow subway, while other videos allegedly showed him at a five star hotel close to the Kremlin, following a reported arrival by private plane. 
Kanye reportedly saw the Kremlin and Red Square from a viewing platform on the roof of GUM department store.
It was later reported that Kanye was staying in the $12,846 a night presidential suite of the Four Seasons Hotel Moscow, which has an astonishing view of St Basil's Cathedral. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group