Bianca Censori’s father has said he wants to ‘sit down’ and confront his daughter’s husband Kanye West after she wore a racy outfit in Paris, according to reports.
Model Bianca, 29, risked facing up to a year behind bars or a hefty fine after wearing sheer tights with no underwear at the French capital’s famous annual Fashion Week.
Since marrying West, legally known as Ye, she has become known for her risqué clothing and just last week was nearly naked on the front row during Milan Fashion Week.
The Yeezy architect has potentially incriminated herself after pictures emerged of her wearing transparent tights, exposing her vagina and bottom, while out and about in the City of Love.
Strict nudity laws in France mean her latest outfit, which is her most explicit to date, could spark potentially serious legal action. It’s been enough to push her father, Leo, over the edge.
An insider told MailOnline: ‘Bianca’s father Leo wants to have a proper sit down with Kanye and ask him what the hell he is thinking when he parades Bianca around like a trashy naked trophy pony.’
The source continued: ‘He wants to ask Kanye what he would do if his daughters North, or Chicago, were seen in public half-naked in outfits encouraged by their husbands. 
‘He knows that there is no way in hell that Kanye would allow this for his daughters so it makes no sense why he would encourage this for his own wife.’
Bianca did, however, wrap up warm on her top half to protect herself against the chilly French winter weather and swaddled herself in a fluffy, white jacket.
But the look could cost her €15,000 (£12,842) if French laws are enforced.
According to Article 222-32 of the French penal code: ‘Sexual displays in public places in the sight of others are punishable by one year’s imprisonment and a fine of €15,000.’
During the outing in Paris, Bianca was joined by the Carnival rapper, 46, who was completely covered up in a black leather jacket, matching joggers, and trainers.
The couple had worn the daring look at dinner at celebrity haunt Ferdi, which is beloved by stars including Kim, Kendall Jenner and Gigi Hadid and is renowned for its legendary hamburgers.
They were later seen returning to the Ritz Hotel, where Jennifer Lawrence is also reportedly staying for Paris Fashion Week.
It is not the first time Bianca and Kanye have risked a fine after the rapper was pictured with his trousers down and bum exposed in what appeared to be a compromising position with his wife crouched between his legs in Italy last September.
The incident sparked outrage among locals and a tourism official warned Kanye and Bianca to be respectful in the city of Florence, which promotes the slogan: ‘Enjoy and Respect Florence.’
The tourism website states the city is ‘not a beach establishment’, and that clothing ‘must be decent’, while any breaches are punishable by €500 (£435). 
After the holiday in Italy, it was reported that Bianca and Kanye’s marriage was hanging by a thread when they came to blows when she warned him against using antisemitic slurs at a listening event earlier this month.
It’s said this is the reason why Bianca was not at the listening party for his new album Vultures in New York, with an insider previously saying their marriage was ‘hanging on by a thread’.
A pal said that Bianca had ‘started to question everything’ as per the Mail Online.
However, sources later said their relationship improved ‘drastically’ thanks to the success of the controversial record.
They claimed: ‘They are now in a partnership and she has made a fortune herself due to all of the work she has done for her husband – as an architect for his brand and a model.’
‘No one doubts that she loves him because she does. But the dynamics of their marriage definitely improved drastically due to the success of his album and the massive new influx of wealth it has brought.’
Got a story?
If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.
Arrow
MORE: Bianca Censori isn’t even wearing underwear anymore. Kanye West is humiliating her
Arrow
MORE: Kanye West baffles fans by heading to Inter Milan game with fully-clothed Bianca Censori
Arrow
MORE: North West, 10, sparks concern after drawing dad Kanye West’s raunchy album cover with naked Bianca Censori