by 
	Delilah Gray

Trending News Editor

Kanye West and his wife Bianca Censori may be ready to welcome a child together, but insiders claim West’s mindset on it all is bone-chilling.

	










	An insider recently told InTouch Weekly that West wants to create the “perfect” person. Now, listen, we all want our kids to be the best versions of themselves, but this is seemingly very out of hand.

	Not only is he allegedly trying to make the perfect human being, but he reportedly chose Censori because…. her DNA will be the “perfect blend” with his…. We know, it sounds like a plot to a sci-fi film.













	Related story



	
	
		
					Jeannie Mai & Her Daughter Monaco Are in House-Hunter Mode During This Scenic Video		
	










	“One of the main reasons he picked and groomed Bianca is because he’s convinced that her DNA will be a perfect blend with his to make the most genetically blessed offspring,” an insider said to the outlet. “He’s always been obsessed with achieving the perfect human specimen so he’s very excited to have Bianca consulting with doctors to figure out the best option.”

	They added, “He feels like he owes the world more of his genius and now that Bianca has proven herself as a viable baby mama, he’s ready to do whatever it takes to get her pregnant,” also talking about how he’s planning multiple routes.



	So, erm, yeah, it’s a bit creepy, especially if what these insiders are saying is 100 percent accurate. Like we said, it sounds like a sci-fi, horror plot.

	For those who don’t know, West and Censori started dating in Nov 2022, and allegedly tied the knot two months later. The reason the legality behind this union is up in the air is that while they did have a secret ceremony, no marriage certificate or license has been found, per the New York Post.

	West and his ex-wife Kim Kardashian share four children together, of whom Censori is the stepmother of. Their names are North, born in June 2013, Saint, born in Dec 2015, Chicago, born in Jan 2018, and Psalm, born in May 2019.

	Insiders previously InTouch Weekly earlier this year that West and Kardashian’s four children actually don’t mind Censori’s outfits at all, and are pals with her. 

	“The kids think Bianca is cool, but some of her outfits are eyebrow-raisers,” they said. “They giggle about some of the more revealing things she wears, but they do like her.”


Before you go, check out these celebs who are close with their stepkids.

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
The stories you care about, delivered daily.
SheKnows is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 SheMedia, LLC. All Rights Reserved.