Fans were left shocked when they heard Bianca Censori's real voice.
A throwback video revealed Kanye West's wife speaking at the CFS Summit in 2022. Bianca looks different in the old video, where she sported longer brown hair rather than her current sleek and short style. Also, her makeup was more glamorous compared to the natural look she favours now.
She introduced herself and shared more about what she does. The former Yeezy worker shared: "I'm an architectural designer from Melbourne, Australia. I currently reside in Los Angeles and I'm a lead architectural designer at Yeezy."
READ MORE: 'I went on date with husband's best friend – despite him not wanting to bed others'
She further said: "In my time there, I've had the pleasure of being able to work with designers like James Turrell, Valerio Olgiati, and Vincent Van Duyson. My passion for architecture lies in fabrication, conceptualising the future of built space, and exploring the bridge between the physical and the meta," reports the Mirror.
Viewers were surprised to hear the soft voice of the usually quiet Bianca for the first time. A Reddit user was taken aback and commented: "It's wild that this is the first time hearing her voice. I've seen more parts of that body than I have some people I've slept with, but that's the first I've ever heard her talk? ? ".
Kanye and Bianca are often seen together in public, with Bianca rarely ever fully dressed. She started off wearing quite revealing outfits that included see-through tights and deliberate wardrobe malfunctions which eventually lead up to her wearing nothing under a plastic raincoat.
Kanye once stated on Instagram that 2024 would be a year without trousers and he has kept his word through the way he has fashioned his wife so far.
One fan reacted to Bianca's voice by saying: "Oh, she sounds normal. The LA valley girl uptalk has gotten to her a bit, but aside from that she sounds normal," while another confessed, "I really wasn't prepared for her voice. There's nothing wrong with it, but idk, I guess I thought she'd sound different? I'm not even sure what I was expecting tbh."
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.