By MONIQUE FRIEDLANDER FOR DAILY MAIL AUSTRALIA 
 Published:  23:22, 23 January 2024   |  Updated:  00:38, 24 January 2024   
 62
View  comments
Amber Rose accused her ex Kanye West of bullying and calling her a 'prostitute' in an extraordinary resurfaced interview. 
Concern has grown for Kanye's new wife Bianca Censori, 29, who has been pictured wearing an array of bizarre and explicit outfits, including a pair of sex toy pants. 
Bianca's friends even recently staged an intervention concerning her relationship with the rapper, 46, and his 'controlling ways.'
While Bianca has not publicly commented about the dynamic of her marriage, Amber, 40, hasn't been shy to slam Kanye publicly. 
The model, who dated Kanye between 2008 and 2010, aired her grievances during a candid interview with the No Jumper podcast in October 2022.
Amber Rose accused her ex Kanye West of bullying and calling her a 'prostitute' in an extraordinary resurfaced interview. (Pictured: Amber and Kanye in 2009) 
When asked whether she had 'soaked up' any of the Gold Digger hitmaker's 'energy', Amber bluntly replied: 'I didn't soak up anything from him. Me and him are two very different people. I'm a compassionate person. I have empathy. I'm a good person.' 
She went on to accuse Kanye of 'sl*t shaming' her after their messy split. 
'He has picked on me for 10 years. He has bullied me for 10 years,' she said.
The model, who dated Kanye between 2008 and 2010, aired her grievances during a candid interview with the No Jumper podcast in October 2022. 'He has picked on me for 10 years. He has bullied me for 10 years,' she said
Amber also accused Kanye of being a 'narcissist' for previously claiming he took '30 showers' after the couple dated, and slammed him for mentioning her during one of his presidential campaign rallies. 
'He just called me a prostitute at his rally, and like, it's 10 years later, just leave me alone. I don't bother you, I don't talk about you,' she said. 
It comes amid growing concerns for Kanye's new bride Bianca.
Concern has grown in recent for Kanye's new wife Bianca Censori, 29, who has been pictured wearing an array of bizarre and explicit outfits including a pair of sex toy pants. (Pictured: Kanye and Bianca wearing shorts that accommodate a sex toy on Monday) 
Earlier this month, sources close to the Australian architect revealed her friends are concerned that the 24-time Grammy winner is trying to turn her into a clone of his ex-wife Kim Kardashian. 
In an exclusive chat with DailyMail.com, insiders accused her 'foul' husband of sharing 'sexually inappropriate' pictures of Bianca on Instagram in a 'disgusting' attempt to promote his new album. 
'Kanye is just foul, and he clearly has zero respect for his wife for humiliating her like this,' an insider told DailyMail.com.
In an exclusive chat with DailyMail.com, insiders accused her 'foul' husband of sharing 'sexually inappropriate' pictures of Bianca on Instagram in a 'disgusting' attempt to promote his new album 
'It is massively concerning to her friends,' they added. 'They find it absolutely disgusting and slightly abusive that he is using her to promote his new music'.
The source added that they believed 'it was clearly not Bianca's idea to wear the raciest most sexually inappropriate things she could find and post photos of herself on wearing them.'
They also alleged that West is 'trying to make her into Kim', which is 'so concerning'. 'It is alarming that she agreed to do this and, once again, she is not responding to anyone.'
In October, it was claimed Kanye had issued a set of rules for Bianca to live by, including specific foods she can eat and what she can wear as well as instructing Bianca to 'never speak'. (Pictured: Kanye and Bianca on May 13 2023) 
In October, it was claimed Kanye had issued a set of rules for Bianca to live by, including specific foods she can eat and what she can wear as well as instructing Bianca to 'never speak.'
But she reportedly grew tired of being treated like his ‘silent mute’ and following her solo trip home to Australia she threatened he would lose her if the behavior continued.
She is also said to have laid a 'smack down' on her husband over his unhinged and offensive anti-Semitic outbursts.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group