Julia Fox takes another risk with her outfit choices.
The Uncut Gems actress wore a white see-through mini dress on May 20 in New York City. The dress was long sleeve with a turtle neck and length stopped before her knees. Underneath the dress, she wore black undergarments which matched her boots. To bring the look all together, she stepped out with bleached brows that matched her short hair that parted to the side and wore natural looking makeup with a nude lip. The actress was all smiles.
Julia stepped out to appear on Watch What's Happening Live! with Andy Cohen and revealed why she chose to be celibate.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Kanye West's chilling P Diddy claim resurfaces after alleged abuse video is made public
A fan submitted the question asking, "What's your reasoning behind being celibate and in what ways do you believe it has improved your life?" This comes after she commented on a TikTok post shared by dating ap Bumble, a dating app, which showed billboards about celibacy, and she wrote that she has been celibate for 2.5 years and has "never been better."
At first, Julia responded with a joke saying: "Well I just think nothing good comes from having sex, including children. No I'm just kidding!" Then she said that the overturning of Roe v. Wade had something to do with it. The high court ruling to overturn the right to an abortion was officially announced in June 2022.
Julia said: "I think with the overturning of Roe v. Wade, and you know, our rights being stripped away from us, this is a way that I can take back control." She continued: "And it just sucks that is has to be in that way," she added,"'but I just don't feel comfortable until things change."
When asked if she had an end date, she revealed that at first it started at six months then it became a year and now it's been 2.5 years since she made the decision. Julia confessed that in the beginning, she did miss having sex but "it's like getting over anything like smoking, drugs, whatever it may be." All the energy one puts for sex, Julia has put it towards other things. Andy also asked if she pleasures herself a lot and shockingly, Julia said she does not as one might think.
She said: "Maybe once or twice a month."
This comes after the actress briefly dated Kanye West in 2022 and has since been open about their relationship. Kanye and Julia dated for six weeks in early 2022, while he was going through a divorce from SKIMS founder and mother of his four kids, Kim Kardashian. Julia opened up to the New York Times about their sex life back in 2023 and claimed they never had a sexual relationship. She said their relationship "wasn't really about that" and recalled their romance took off after they met in a 2021 New Year's Eve party in Miami.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.