Julia Fox has revealed that she regrets ever being in a relationship with US rapper Kanye West.
The Uncut Gems star said she chose to "turn a blind eye" to concerns because the romance was new, before it became "unsustainable". Julia, 33, and the rapper, 47, now known as Ye, ended the brief romance after dating for a month in 2022.
Following Kanye's shock marriage split from ex-wife Kim Kardashian, he made headlines just months later after he was pictured out with Julia. The pair went on to have a romantic relationship for a number of weeks before ultimately calling it off.
Reflecting on her brief romance with the controversial musician, Julia has now revealed that she deeply regrets ever entering the relationship with Kanye. "I regret that relationship so much. I hate it. It was only a few weeks but enough to last me a lifetime. I was in probably the most uncomfortable position in my life and that's saying a lot. I don't want to be known for being anyone's girlfriend," she shared.
Julia started dating Kanye after her split from partner, Russian pilot Peter Artemiev, who she shares a son with. Julia sought revenge on Peter by entering in the relationship with Kanye, but in hindsight, she says it was a huge regret for her following Kanye's incredibly controversial anti-semitic remarks.
As well as that, Kanye's insistence to flaunt his new relationship with her her made Julia suspect he was using her to get back at his ex-wife, Kim. "It wasn't my idea for it to go public. If anything, I was like, 'We should wait,' and then boom, it was done behind my back. I realised pretty quickly I was being used as a pawn," she told The Times.
Julia and Kanye met on New Year's Eve and were quickly into a relationship before splitting a month later. Julia claimed that she was asked to sign an NDA by Kanye, who insisted that they couldn't be friends without the agreement. Julia said that she told him, "I'll live," before the rapper moved on from her and began dating Bianca, who he then married in December 2022 after a whirlwind romance.
With Kanye and Bianca now reportedly divorcing, a source close to the Australian architect has claimed to the Daily Mail that it was mostly a publicity stunt. They said: "Kanye and Bianca were responsible for the news that they were divorcing getting out there because this is what they both told people."
Another source added to this, saying: "They knew that, by doing this, it would create some buzz and make them relevant as he tries to promote his new album," the source continued. "They both know that people are just over them and that her naked outfits are not enough to keep people interested. Everyone has seen her naked now there is nothing to wonder about."
This has been followed by Kanye's representatives denying allegations made about the rapper, which indicated that he wanted Bianca 'tailed' by a private investigator.
Speaking to Page Six, Kanye's reps said: "Many of the details in his complaint are simply fantastical and false." They have also addressed a lawsuit, which accuses Kanye of abusing nitrous oxide, commonly known as laughing gas, which the rep has hit out at it being "designed to cause embarrassment and/or capitalize on perceived problems in Ye’s marriage."
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok , Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.