Read The Latest Digest

We will continue to see endorsements from public figures up until election day, but should we care? It may depend on the artist.
Shortly after the debate between Donald Trump and Kamala Harris, pop artist Taylor Swift endorsed Harris on Instagram. Swift stated that she had done her research and signed her Instagram caption as “Childless Cat Lady.”
It’s not surprising that America’s biggest female pop artist endorsed Harris. It was to be expected.
Days later, Mexican rock band Mana posted a picture on Instagram saying, “Mana no trabaja con racistas” (Mana doesn’t work with racists). In the caption, the band went on to say that it canceled a collaboration with reggaetón artist Nicky Jam after he endorsed Trump at one of his rallies. For context, Mana has a large Latin following in the U.S. and tours the country often.
We will continue to see endorsements from public figures up until election day, but should we care? It may depend on the artist.
For artists like Taylor Swift, perhaps the majority of her base had already decided to vote for Harris. For artists like Mana, who cares? The band isn’t from the U.S., and its comments section had overwhelming support for Trump.
The endorsements that have more weight and are more interesting come from the demographics that Trump has started to win over: The black and Latino communities.
In 2016 and 2020, it was almost impossible to find black or Latin artists publicly supporting Trump. During that time, celebrities faced the loss of their career if they endorsed Trump, leading many to remain silent or endorse Joe Biden. 2024 is different. People don’t seem to fear cancellation or loss of their career anymore.
In the rap community, Kodak Black, Lil Pump, Kanye West, Azealia Banks, Da Baby, Sexxy Red, and Waka Flocka have publicly endorsed Trump. We must also not forget that OnlyFans model, rapper, and entrepreneur Amber Rose spoke at the RNC about how she came to support Trump.
In the Latin music community, artists Nicky Jam, Anuel AA, and Justin Quiles have publicly endorsed Trump, and actors Pedro Morales and Patricia Navidad have done the same.
These endorsements could hold more weight because they’re coming from the demographics that can still be swayed to vote for Trump — demographics that Democrats have relied on for so long but that are now up for grabs. Celebrities and artists endorsing Trump have made the decision to publicly dissent from the Democrat Party regardless of the outcome, and that is admirable.
Generally speaking, people are not waiting on celebrities to make voting decisions. The economy, open borders, and our weakened foreign affairs should be enough for us to know who to vote for in this election. These are all things that haven’t affected Taylor Swift, which is why her “research” has led to her endorsing Harris.
In the end, we all know that our country was in a better place when Trump was in office, and we don’t need a celebrity to tell us otherwise.

Read The Mid-Day Digest



Executive News Summary



Christine Flowers
In Battleground Library, Controversial Books Are Reinstated


The Washington Stand
Raining on Pride’s Parade: More Companies Bolt From June’s Revelry


Michael Reagan
Putting a Liberal Spin on Trump’s First 100 Days


Ben Shapiro
What Does Russia Want?


Tim Graham
Is Oklahoma in Danger of ‘Satanic School’?


Josh Hammer
The Art of a Second Iran Deal


Victor Davis Hanson
The Trump Counterrevolution and the Moral Ledger


Ann Coulter
Prosecute Mayorkas. For Murder.



The Patriot's Beginning




Patriot's Primer on American Liberty




The Patriot Foundation Trust




Our Military Mission of Service


END OF WATCH

No MSM Churn
No Clickbait Junk
No Advertising

“There is nothing absurd or impracticable in the idea of a league or alliance between independent nations for certain defined purposes precisely stated in a treaty regulating all the details of time, place, circumstance, and quantity; leaving nothing to future discretion; and depending for its execution on the good faith of the parties.” —Alexander Hamilton (1787)
The Patriot Post is a highly acclaimed weekday digest of news analysis, policy and opinion written from the heartland — as opposed to the MSM’s ubiquitous Beltway echo chambers — for grassroots leaders nationwide. More
We provide solid conservative perspective on the most important issues, including analysis, opinion columns, headline summaries, memes, cartoons and much more.
Choose our full-length Digest or our quick-reading Snapshot for a summary of important news. We also offer Cartoons & Memes on Monday and Alexander’s column on Wednesday.
The Patriot Post is steadfast in our mission to extend the endowment of Liberty to the next generation by advocating for individual rights and responsibilities, supporting the restoration of constitutional limits on government and the judiciary, and promoting free enterprise, national defense and traditional American values. We are a rock-solid conservative touchstone for the expanding ranks of grassroots Americans Patriots from all walks of life. Our mission and operation budgets are not financed by any political or special interest groups, and to protect our editorial integrity, we accept no advertising. We are sustained solely by you. Please support The Patriot Fund today!
The Patriot Post and Patriot Foundation Trust, in keeping with our Military Mission of Service to our uniformed service members and veterans, are proud to support and promote the National Medal of Honor Heritage Center, the Congressional Medal of Honor Society, both the Honoring the Sacrifice and Warrior Freedom Service Dogs aiding wounded veterans, the Tunnel to Towers Foundation, the National Veterans Entrepreneurship Program, the Folds of Honor outreach, and Officer Christian Fellowship, the Air University Foundation, and Naval War College Foundation, and the Naval Aviation Museum Foundation. "Greater love has no one than this, to lay down one's life for his friends." (John 15:13)

FAQ
      /
      Contact Us
      /
      Terms of Use
      /
      Privacy Policy
      /
      Reprinting Policy

★ PUBLIUS ★
“Our cause is noble; it is the cause of mankind!” —George Washington
Please join us in prayer for our nation — that righteous leaders would rise and prevail and we would be united as Americans. Pray also for the protection of our Military Patriots, Veterans, First Responders, and their families. Please lift up your Patriot team and our mission to support and defend our Republic's Founding Principle of Liberty, that the fires of freedom would be ignited in the hearts and minds of our countrymen.
The Patriot Post is protected speech, as enumerated in the First Amendment and enforced by the Second Amendment of the Constitution of the United States of America, in accordance with the endowed and unalienable Rights of All Mankind.
Copyright © 2025 The Patriot Post. All Rights Reserved.
The Patriot Post does not support Internet Explorer. We recommend installing the latest version of Microsoft Edge, Mozilla Firefox, or Google Chrome.