Billboard have apologised to Taylor Swift after using a clip from Kanye West’s infamous ‘Famous’ video in a video ‘celebrating’ the singer’s work.
The American title named Taylor Swift as one of the 21st century’s greatest pop stars this week, and shared a video aimed at spotlighting her success. Unusually, Billboard opted to place her huge achievements against a scene clipped from Kanye West’s ‘Famous’ video.
The wax dummy resembling Taylor Swift caused huge controversy at the time, with some dubbing the shoot as ‘revenge porn’ by the hip-hop star.
A flood of complaints descended on Billboard’s social channels, with the title now moved to re-edit the video, removing the offensive aspects. Alongside this, the American outlet has shared a full apology to Taylor Swift.
It reads:
We are deeply sorry to Taylor Swift and all of our readers and viewers that in a video celebrating Swift’s achievements, we included a clip that falsely depicted her. We have removed the clip from our video and sincerely regret the harm we caused with this error.
—
—
The list itself has caused a number of controversies – Ariana Grande’s segment for example contained much references to the Manchester Arena attack, while Rihanna’s write-up mentioned Chris Brown attacking her.
One commentator observed:
It isn’t an error btw, an error could be including a wrong pic or adding a wrong number or those basic things but you guys added a revenge porn to the video talking about her achievements which is unnecessary + you did it with other artists like Ariana Grande, Nicki Minaj, Rihanna.. You don’t have to bring up women’s traumas every change you get also if you guys hate female artists and hate to see them succeed just don’t talk about them? It’s not that easy.
This one may run and run.
—
Join us on WeAre8, as we get under the skin of global cultural happenings. Follow Clash Magazine HERE as we skip merrily between clubs, concerts, interviews and
                                                photo shoots. Get backstage sneak-peeks and a view into our world as the fun and games unfold.