By CARLY JOHNSON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  16:24, 26 December 2024   |  Updated:  16:41, 26 December 2024   
 331
View  comments
Since tying the knot with controversial rapper Kanye West nearly three years ago, Bianca Censori has gained worldwide attention for her shocking, X-rated style.
From going panty-less in Paris to rocking nipple-baring bodysuits at LA hotspots, the 29-year-old Yeezy architect has done it all.
Censori's racy outfits have often been so extreme that she's risked facing legal consequences for public indecency. 
They've even caught the ire of West's ex-wife Kim Kardashian, who warned him to tell Censori to 'cover up' in front of their kids, as source revealed to DailyMail.com.
But Kim has since been accused of 'copying' her fearless fashion taste — confirming Censori's status as a trendsetter.
And with a new year ahead, DailyMail.com is taking a look back at Censori's most outrageous outfits of 2024... 
JANUARY 2, 2024 
Bianca Censori kicked off the year strong as she emerged with West, 48, in Las Vegas
She was seen posing up inside their suite at the Wynn Las Vegas casino-resort wearing high-waisted black latex shorts with suspenders
During that same trip, Censori also strutted her stuff in a G-string thong and wore a fur bandeau as a top
Censori kicked off the year strong as she emerged with West, 48, in Las Vegas.
She was seen posing up inside their suite at the Wynn Las Vegas casino-resort wearing high-waisted black latex shorts with suspenders.
Censori went topless, allowing only the skinny suspender straps to conceal her nipples.
During that same trip, Censori also strutted her stuff in a G-string thong and wore a fur bandeau as a top.
The photos were shared to West's now-deleted Instagram.
JANUARY 19, 2024
Before heading out on the town, Censori posed for photos rocking her kinky headwear and only a nude-toned string bodysuit
The outfit was extremely revealing
Straying from nudity for a night, Censori headed out in Los Angele with West rocking a gimp head mask and Matrix-inspired black latex outfit.
All that was visible of the 29-year-old beauty was her face as the outfit complete covered her from head-to-toe.
Before heading out on the town, Censori posed for photos rocking her kinky headwear and only a nude-toned string bodysuit. 
They were shared to West's Instagram and gave fans a better look at her famous curves.
FEBRUARY 5, 2024
In what many consider to be her most daring display, Censori went totally nude under a clear poncho as she headed to a music studio with West
In what many consider to be her most daring display, Censori went totally nude under a clear poncho as she headed to a music studio with West.
She did not appear to be wearing a bra or underwear beneath the see-through frock, which is often used to shield people from rainfall.
It had 'daily prototypes as past present future' written on the front of the poncho in black lettering.
FEBRUARY 12, 2024
Censori supported West at the first of many listening parties for his Vultures I album
And she narrowly avoided a wardrobe malfunction at the invite-only event as she danced around in a nude triangle-shaped leotard
Censori supported West at the first of many listening parties for his Vultures I album.
And she narrowly avoided a wardrobe malfunction at the invite-only event as she danced around in a nude triangle-shaped leotard.
Due to its side-less design and narrow silhouette, it barely concealed her modesty.
FEBRUARY 23, 2024 
In what marked a rare red carpet outing for her and West, Bianca wore a black iteration of her daring nude-toned triangle leotard
She wore the daring look at a Milan Fashion Week show as well as at after-party held at Nuova Arena
In what marked a rare red carpet outing for her and West, Bianca wore a black iteration of her daring nude-toned triangle leotard.
She wore the racy look at a Milan Fashion Week show as well as at after-party held at Nuova Arena.
Rocking a wet bob haircut, she styled her racy one-piece with pink knee-high boots.
FEBRUARY 27, 2024
Censori tested the laws of exhibitionism in Paris, France by going underwear-free beneath a pair of sheer stockings during a public outing with her rapper husband
Censori tested the laws of exhibitionism in Paris, France by going underwear-free beneath a pair of sheer stockings during a public outing with her rapper husband.
Bianca did not attempt to conceal her genitals or bare backside in the garment as crowds of shocked onlookers rushed to take pictures. 
She also did not appear to be wearing a shirt or bra under a cropped fur coat as she returned to the Ritz Hotel with hoodie-clad West after enjoying dinner at Ferdi. 
Censori could have faced up to a year in prison if French officials deemed her look to be in violation of their decency laws.
However, she seemingly came out of the ordeal unscathed.
MARCH 18, 2024
For a night out at Saffy's with West in Los Angeles, Censori bared it all once again in a see-through black mesh catsuit
For a night out at Saffy's with West in Los Angeles, Censori bared it all once again in a see-through black mesh catsuit.
She didn't appear to be wearing underwear or a bra beneath the sheer garment. However, she did 'layer up' by adding stockings to her look.
Around this time, speculation began to arise that Censori was being 'controlled' by West.
Sources told DailyMail.com that Censori's dad Leo felt the Flashing Lights hitmaker had 'turned his beloved daughter into a trashy-looking marketable commodity.'
APRIL 8, 2024
Wearing only a thing nude-toned thong beneath it, the Australian beauty held hands with West outside a restaurant in LA wearing a see-through clear strapless frock
Censori's love for the sheer bodystocking only grew as 2024 went on.
Wearing only a thing nude-toned thong beneath it, the Australian beauty held hands with West outside a restaurant in LA wearing a see-through clear strapless frock.
It hugged her curves tightly and left her breasts totally exposed.
JUNE 19, 2024
The couple hopped on a plane to France to attend Paris Fashion Week, where Censori made jaws drop in a revealing outfit made only from tape
That same day, she was also seen wearing a nude mesh bodysuit that was only slightly less revealing than her suspenders look
The couple hopped on a plane to France to attend Paris Fashion Week, where Censori made jaws drop in a revealing outfit made only from tape. 
The outfit, one of her most revealing to date, saw her wear bandage-like halter suspenders that only covered her nipples while out with her stylist Gadir Rajab.
She had on a pair of beige low-rise pedal pushers, constructed from strips of beige tape wrapped around her legs, with slight gaps opening up as she walked toward the restaurant. 
Adding to the drama, Censori replaced her brunette bob with a wild pink wig.
That same day, she was also seen wearing a nude mesh bodysuit that was only slightly less revealing than her suspenders look.
AUGUST 2, 2024 
While grabbing dinner at Italian restaurant Giorgio Baldi in Santa Monica with her rapper husband, Censori left nothing to the imagination
While grabbing dinner at Italian restaurant Giorgio Baldi in Santa Monica with her rapper husband, Censori left nothing to the imagination.
She confidently made her way to the eatery's valet wearing a nude mesh leotard and matching tights. 
Covered in sparkles and concealing not even an inch of Censori's body, the NSFW look turned more than a few heads.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group