By ASHLEIGH GRAY FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  05:34, 29 July 2024   |  Updated:  09:26, 29 July 2024   
 140
View  comments
Khloe Kardashian roasted her sister Kim Kardashian for arriving to her son Tatum's second birthday party in a look worthy of an awards show on Sunday.
The 40-year-old Good American founder — who shares daughter True, six, and Tatum with Tristan Thompson, 33 — shared a video clip on Instagram of 43-year-old Kim making her arrival in a clinging gold gown.
'Wowee, the Golden Globe is here, ladies and gentlemen!' she said upon her billionaire sibling's red carpet-ready entrance to the backyard soiree.
Kim interjected to defend her glitzy getup, stating that she had previously phoned her sister to ask if she should wear something 'fancy' or 'workout clothes.'  
The playful moment was shared with Kim's six-year-old daughter Chicago, who clung to her glamorous mother's hip throughout the snippet.
Khloe Kardashian roasted her sister Kim Kardashian for arriving to her son Tatum's second birthday party in a look worthy of an awards show on Sunday 
Khloe wore a white, eyelet, corseted mini dress for the occasion  
'Wowee, the Golden Globe is here, ladies and gentlemen!' she said upon her billionaire sibling's red carpet-ready entrance to the backyard soiree. The playful moment was shared with Kim's six-year-old daughter Chicago, who clung to her glamorous mother's hip throughout the snippet
Kim looked typically stunning in the figure-hugging number, which gathered slightly at her trim waistline.
The floor-length frock boasted thin straps with a crisscross design at the center, which held a dark, round, stone medallion.
The SKIMS mogul put on a busty display in the ensemble, playing up her ample cleavage.
The fashionista punctuated the chic look with a pair of open-toe black heels.
She accented the dress with a small, square-shaped gold handbag.
Her raven-colored tresses were ironed bone straight and parted down the middle as they flowed down her back.
And she flaunted a full face of glowy matte makeup that complemented her smooth complexion.
Little Chicago, who Kim shares with ex-husband Kanye West, was clad in a sky blue T-shirt, jean shorts, and white Adidas Sambas. 
Kim paid tribute to her nephew Tatum with a selection of photos shared to her Instagram Stories
Kim gave her 362 million followers a glimpse at the birthday boy. He wore a gold chain around his neck
Kim paid tribute to her nephew Tatum with a selection of photos shared to her Instagram Stories.
The mother-of-four uploaded a series of images from Chicago's birthday party in January.
Several snapshots featured Kardashian in yellow patterned leggings and a black zip-up hoodie as she held Tatum on her hip.
On the bottom of one, she wrote in white font: 'Happy 2nd Birthday Tatum. My baby!! I love you so so so much!'
Along with another photo of the aunt and nephew sharing an affectionate smooch, she wrote, 'Auntie KiKi's got you forever!!!' 
Khloe reshared some of the posts to her Instagram Stories and added, 'Tatum has the best aunties in the world.' 
Along with a second repost, she said, 'Tatum is so in love with you Auntie KiKi.'
Thompson had a dinosaur-themed 'Two-a-saurus' party that was attended by his various family members.
Khloe was a proud mom as she hosted the gathering in a white, eyelet, sleeveless and corseted mini dress that she teamed with big black sunglasses.
She enlisted party planner Mindy Weiss to transform the outdoor area of her $17M Hidden Hills mansion with life-size dino statues and palm-shaped pool floats. 
Later on Sunday, Khloé shared a sweet post to Instagram to more formally celebrate Tatum's birthday with her followers.
In one cute photo, he wore what looked like a dinosaur-covered pajama top while sitting on his beaming mother's lap.
'How are you two years old already?!' she gushed in her lengthy caption. 'The expression, “the days are long, but the years are short” could not be any truer. I feel like we have had a lifetime together yet You are only two years old.
'I know we were destined to be together,' she continued. 'I know we have had many moments together before we ever met. The comfort I find in your eyes confirms we’ve known one another before.
The mother-of-four uploaded a series of images with Tatum from Chicago's birthday party in January
Several snapshots featured Kardashian in yellow patterned leggings and a black zip-up hoodie as she held Tatum on her hip. Along with another photo of the aunt and nephew sharing an affectionate smooch, she wrote, 'Auntie KiKi's got you forever!!!'
Later on Sunday, Khloé shared a sweet post to Instagram to more formally celebrate Tatum's birthday with her followers. He wore dinosaur pajamas in one cute photo
'How are you two years old already?!' she gushed in her lengthy caption. 'The expression, “the days are long, but the years are short” could not be any truer'
'I know we were destined to be together,' she continued. 'I know we have had many moments together before we ever met. The comfort I find in your eyes confirms we’ve known one another before'
In addition to adorable photos of Khloé and Tatum bonding, his older sister True Thompson also got in on the fun
'You light up every single room. There’s no denying that Everyone smiles when they look at you! Especially True ... she is so proud to call you hers, as am I,' Khloé added
'My precious son, I know you were mine in another lifetime,' Khloé added.
'I know this because of the way you look at me. The way we giggle when we stare at one another. The bond you have with your sister. The relationships you have with everyone in our family that was here before you,' she wrote. 'It’s as if You knew us all before. The insight you already have. The knowledge you possess. The way you know how to love. The way you communicate!! And you are only two years.
'I am so proud to be your mommy. So proud of the love and laughter we have in our house. So proud of your beautiful, gentle, polite, intelligent, loving, infectious spirit,' Khloé continued. 'You light up every single room. There’s no denying that Everyone smiles when they look at you! Especially True ... she is so proud to call you hers, as am I.
'Happy birthday my sweet handsome boy! You are loved tremendously by this incredible tribe of ours!' Khloé concluded, adding, 'Always and forever, Mommy loves you.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group