Other recent signings include Juliana Velasquez, Stryv, True Youngblood and more.

													By
												

	Billboard Staff


Warner Music Korea introduced MPLIFY, a new label designed to support Korean artists with global reach, focusing on English-language music to connect with international audiences. Samuel Ku, an executive producer at WMK, has been tasked with leading the label. The first artist signed to MPLIFY is Olivia Marsh, a Korean-Australian singer-songwriter who is set to release her debut single on all major digital platforms in October. Olivia’s sound blends pop and R&B, influenced by a wide range of artists including ABBA, John Denver, Tame Impala, and Vera Blue. A graduate of the University of Melbourne in Interactive Composition, she has worked with K-pop producers and songwriters to refine her craft. “I am delighted to sign with MPLIFY and to work with such a warm, passionate and innovative team,” Marsh said. –Marc Schneider

Big Loud Records and its Canada-based, Dallas Smith-founded imprint Local Hay Records have signed country artist Hailey Benedict. Benedict has also inked a global publishing deal with Big Loud Publishing/Local Hay. This summer, Benedict performed on the main stage at Alberta’s Big Valley Jamboree, and she’s nominated at the Canadian Country Music Awards for breakthrough artist or group of the year. –Jessica Nicholson


			Trending on Billboard		






Anniegee Marketing launched its artist management division, Anniegee Management, and inked a co-management deal with MUN Entertainment for Juliana Velasquez’s career development in the U.S., Puerto Rico and the Dominican Republic. Founded by seasoned music industry professional Annie Gonzalez after working as senior director, global marketing at Sony Music Entertainment for over 20 years, Anniegee Marketing and Communications has developed communication strategies in the U.S. for global stars including Shakira, Gloria Estefan, Alejandro Fernández, and many more. Through its new deal with rising Colombian artist Juliana, Anniegee now branches out into artist management, while still offering its marketing and PR consulting services. In her new role, Annie Gonzalez will co-manage Juliana alongside current manager Juancho Muñoz of MUN Entertainment. –Sigal Ratner-Arias

	LA-based producer and songwriter Stryv (Hamid Bashir) signed with WME across all areas. Known for his work with artists like Kanye West, Ty Dolla $ign, Jason Derulo, Galantis, and Rita Ora, Stryv recently launched his own artist project. His debut single, “Move,” a collaboration with Adam Port, gained attention after being teased at Keinemusik shows worldwide. Since its official release in June, “Move” has earned over 200 million streams on Spotify, topped the Beatport Top 100 chart, and positioned Stryv as one of the platform’s fastest-growing artists. A follow-up single is set for release later this year. Stryv also forms half of the DJ duo ORSO, alongside Twitch co-founder Justin Kan, further expanding his influence in the electronic music scene. –M.S.

	Boutique music publishing company MV2 Entertainment and independent label New Lost City Records have signed singer-songwriter True Youngblood, a Georgia native and Belmont University student, who just released his debut single, “If I Were a Cowboy.” Youngblood joins MV2’s roster of writers, which includes Josh Thompson (“Wasted on You,” “Drowns The Whiskey”), Forrest Finn, Grant Vogel, Johnny McGuire and Blake Henderson. The New Lost City roster includes Youngblood, Henderson and McGuire. –J.N.

Universal Music Group partnered with acclaimed Indian composer and three-time Grammy winner Ricky Kej to launch Vedam Records, a new label dedicating to bringing authentic wellness music from India to a global audience. In his first collaboration with Vedam, Kej has released Break Of Dawn, his latest studio album. “Vedam Records presents an opportunity to compose music that is therapeutic and necessary – now, more than ever,” Kej said. -M.S.
Daily newsletters straight to your inbox
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.