MediaPunch/Shutterstock; Michael Wyke/AP/Shutterstock; Rob Latour/Shutterstock; John Photography/Shutterstock
She has a high-profile dating life! Amber Rose has dated a lot of very eligible bachelors (and seemingly one woman from Love & Hip Hop). She was previously married and shares her 7-year-old son, Sebastian, with Wiz Khalifa. And though Amber never tied the knot with Alexander “AE” Edwards, the two had a serious romance from 2018 to 2021 and welcomed their own son, Slash.
She also famously dated Kanye West, 21 Savage and others. Her roster has even included famous athletes like James Harden and Terrence Ross.
“I’m the type of person that, when I really care about someone, I’m like a serial monogamist,” she dished to The Breakfast Club back in 2015. “I can only focus on one person when I really care about them.”
1 of 16
Tim Warner/Getty Images
Amber sparked dating rumors with Houston Texans quarterback C.J. Stroud in February 2024 when they were spotted leaving the Cactus Jack charity softball game together in Houston. However, the model quickly shut down the speculation via her Instagram Stories.
“We literally don’t know each other and only met yesterday at a softball game,” she wrote. “The sprinter [van] left me and he was nice enough to give me a ride to my hotel. Thx again @cj7stroud.”
2 of 16
The Hollywood Curtain/Bauer-Griffin/GC Images
Amber sparked rumors with comedian Chris Rock in December 2023 after they stepped out together in New York City. However, she told Entertainment Tonight in April 2024 that it was “not” a date and that they were longtime pals.
“I’ve been friends with Chris Rock for, like, 13 years,” she continued. “We met for coffee. We talked some crap to each other. He made me laugh because he’s hilarious, and that’s our friendship. Just friendship.”
She continued, “We were not holding hands, and we were obviously very separate. It just becomes unfair sometimes.”
3 of 16
Johnny Nunez/WireImage / Getty Images
Amber gave birth to her and Alexander’s first child in October 2019. “Even when it’s dark … my SON will shine … Thank u baby 4 my greatest gift. S–t wild!” he wrote to accompany a photo of Amber during an ultrasound. The couple first met back in 2015 but weren’t romantically linked until 2018. However, they later called it quits in 2021.
4 of 16
Amanda Edwards/WireImage / Getty Images
The rapper and model were first spotted hanging out in the summer of 2017. By July of that year, they were sporting matching diamond watches and their relationship just kept growing. “She’s a real cool woman. She treats me like a king, you know. It is what it is,” he told Real 92.3 LA at the time. “[She] makes me do s—t that I don’t normally do, like take vitamins and drink water.” The two split in March 2018.
5 of 16
James Devaney/GC Images / Getty Images
This unexpected duo met because Amber was partnered with Val‘s brother, Maksim, during season 23 of Dancing With the Stars. They dated for five months before calling things off in February 2017. “She’s an amazing woman and I feel very lucky to have gotten to know and love. An amazing mother, an awesome friend, a loving human period,” Val wrote on Instagram at the time to confirm they had broken up.
6 of 16
Prince Williams / Getty Images
The professional basketball player and Amber had a short fling in 2016, while he was apparently still married.
7 of 16
Joshua Blanchard / Getty Images
Amber and the wide receiver had rumors swirling about them for a few years. People were especially suspicious after they were hanging out at Coachella together in 2017. “No, you know what, Odell is literally one of my best friends in the entire world,” Amber told The Jasmine Brand. “We are very, very close, very tight, we talk a lot.”
8 of 16
Christopher Polk / Getty Images
In June 2017, Amber said she and Machine Gun Kelly were “enjoying each other’s company for sure.”
9 of 16
VCG/VCG / Getty Images
This relationship was short but sweet. “I have a Valentine this year,” Amber gushed to The Breakfast Club in February 2015. “Me and James have a very special friendship.” Although she noted that she “didn’t get ‘the D’ yet,” she coyly said it was a possibility “if he acts right.” They fizzled out in March 2015.
10 of 16
Rodin Eckenroth / Getty Images
Rumors swirled around these two after a video showed Amber grinding on Chris in the club. It turns out, she was just trying to make Wiz jealous. “I did some petty shit because my feelings were hurt … Like, dancing on Chris Brown at the club,” she admitted to The Breakfast Club. “Chris Brown [is] family, he’s like my brother … It was like, I’m being petty but it wasn’t with someone that I [had] potential to be with. She noted, “It was literally a 20-second dance.”
11 of 16
Johnny Nunez/WireImage / Getty Images
Amber and Quincy had fans scratching their heads for years. According to Amber, they’re just extremely close friends. “Quincy’s been my friend even before I met Wiz,” she confessed during the interview and added, “Quincy is my baby but he’s not bae.”
12 of 16
Scott Dudelson / Getty Images
Here’s another rumor that can be put to rest. Fans accused Amber of feuding with Khloé Kardashian because she may or may not have had a relationship with French. “I was never dating French. French loves Khloé. French is just my friend,” the former dancer promised at the time.
13 of 16
Steve Granitz/WireImage / Getty Images
Surprised? Amber had a fling with Gene Simmons‘ son. They were spotted getting cozy in October 2014 and left the club together after a long night of dancing all over each other.
14 of 16
Allen Berezovsky / Getty Images
During the season 3 reunion of Love & Hip Hop Hollywood, Rosa claimed she had a relationship with Amber. “I love her very much,” the reality star said after being asked if they dated. “We’re still very good friends.” However, she later confessed that their public smooches were “for show” and played up for the cameras.
15 of 16
Steve Granitz/WireImage / Getty Images
Wiz and Amber tied the knot in 2013 and divorced three years later. Their breakup was a long, drawn-out process, and it was clear that both parties were hurting. She finally covered up the tattoo of her ex in August 2017.
16 of 16
Foc Kan/WireImage / Getty Images
Before there was Kimye, there was … Amye? Kanber? They were first linked together in 2008 and dated for two years. They’ve had a few awkward Twitter battles, but all their beef has seemingly been squashed.
Conversation
All comments are subject to our Community Guidelines. Life & Style does not endorse
						the opinions and views shared by our readers in our comment sections. Our comments section is a place
						where readers can engage in healthy, productive, lively, and respectful discussions. Offensive language,
						hate speech, personal attacks, and/or defamatory statements are not permitted. Advertising or spam is
						also prohibited.
					
Life & Style has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
Life & Style is part of the a360media Entertainment Group.Copyright © a360media 2025. All Rights Reserved
By clicking Sign In, you agree to our Terms and Conditions and that you have read our Privacy Policy.
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include:
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include: