ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
LOS ANGELES, CA - JANUARY 19: Kanye West is seen on January 19, 2024 in Los Angeles, California. ... More (Photo by Bellocqimages/Bauer-Griffin/GC Images)
It’s Friday, the day that the vast majority of musicians release their new singles and albums. The tracking week for the Billboard charts begins on Friday at midnight (EST) in America, and there’s usually a deluge of exciting new launches from some of the biggest names in the music business. This week, plenty of must-hear tunes and collections arrived…but one was notably absent.
Ye West (formerly known as Kanye) and Ty Dolla $ign didn’t release their album Vultures 2, as was expected. The two hip-hop musicians had stated that they’d drop the project on March 8, but as almost halfway through the day, the set has not arrived.
Weeks ago, West and $ign, who recently formed a super duo named ¥$, revealed that their album Vultures, which had been announced months prior, was not one collection, but three. The musicians shared that the series would feature a trio of full-lengths, each separated from the next by only about a month. Vultures 1 was slated to drop on February 10, the second installment was expected on March 8, and the third part is scheduled for April 5.
While this may have been the schedule that the two artists agreed to, they don’t appear to be adhering to it. Midnight on March 8 came and went, and no Vultures 2 appeared. Some fan accounts dedicated to West have stated that the rapper has been in contact, stating that he and his collaborators are “in the lab,” meaning they’re still working on the project. A representative for the controversial and troubled musician had not responded when asked for comment as to when Vultures 2 might arrive.
The fact that West didn’t stick to a pre-announced schedule is far from surprising. He and $ign, along with some of their collaborators, are still enjoying the success of Vultures 1. The title is currently sitting at No. 3 on the Billboard 200 after two weeks at No. 1. The lead song from the full-length, “Carnival,” is up to a new high of No. 2 on the Hot 100, and it could climb to the summit in a few days.
West and $ign had not dropped anything from the second part of Vultures 2, so there were hints that it wouldn’t be released on time. Months before Vultures 1 appeared in full, one single, the title track, was released as a single. Not a whisper of music emerged from this latest installment, and the relative quiet coming from both musicians made it seem like it wouldn’t appear as scheduled.
Vultures 1 was delayed many times over a period of months, so the same could happen with its sequel. Originally scheduled to be released in October 2023, the album didn’t drop until about four months later. During that period, several new dates were shared, but almost none of them ended up mattering.