Paris Jackson did not attend the main Oscars ceremony last night but was at the Elton John AIDs Foundation 2024 Viewing Party alongside other celebrities including Julia Fox.
The 25-year-old model and actress opted for a braless look including a sheer black gown with slits extending to both her legs and cut all the way to the hip. To add to the daring look, she went braless beneath her see-through top, which featured a white detail in the back to make up for the sheer front.
In a video she shared on her Instagram stories, Paris could be seen with her back to the camera, revealing a heart-shaped cut-out trimmed with white ruffled fabric. She completed the look with a pair of black knickers, black heels and a black clutch bag.
READ MORE: Real reason Paris Jackson covered up her tattoos for the star-studded Grammys revealed
Kanye West's ex Julia Fox also opted for a bold look at the Oscars viewing party on Sunday. The actress decided to go topless in a DSQUARED2 black mini dress featuring two nipple tassels with barely-there gold straps.
The midriff part of the dress featured sheer panels, and the bottom was a sparkling black fringe. She completed her look with black stockings and pointed-tie black heels.
She wore her platinum blonde hair parted in the middle and styled in a wet look. Her make-up consisted of a dramatic black winged eyeshadow.
It is not the first time that Julia has chosen a daring look, as while attending Paris Fashion Week earlier this month, she wore a nude sequinned outfit to walk for the Mugler Womenswear Fall/Winter 2024-2025 fashion show. Wearing her hair slicked back in a silvery/white hue, the star had silver sequins adorning her face as she posed.
At the main Oscars ceremony, the red carpet failed to disappoint, fashion-wise, with plenty of drama, personal style and new takes on Old Hollywood. Vanessa Hudgens was among the first celebs arriving on the red carpet for the biggest night in the acting world.
The High School Musical actress officially announced she was going to be a first-time mum when she walked onto the red carpet with a visible baby bump. She future mum looked elegant in an all-black a gothic-inspired Vera Wang Couture gown and smiled at photographers while holding her baby bump.
She bucked the trend for revealing maternity fashion, which has been dominating the red carpet in recent months. Julianne Hough, who was Vanessa's co-star in Grease Live! also arrived bright and early, wearing an off-the-shoulder top paired with large, white trousers.
American songwriter Dianne Warren arrived wearing a sparkly black top with a black blazer decorated with colourful details. The Kissing Booth actor Taylor Zakhar Perez wore a simple, light blue suit for the event.
Other celebrities on the red carpet included Puerto Rican actress Rita Moreno, one of the last remaining stars from the Golden Age of Hollywood, who donned a stunning black dress for the Oscars. Moreno, at 92, waved to photographers as she showed off her look.
Black was the colour of choice for many celebs including actress and author Jamie Lee Curtis, Jack Fish, Sissy Spacek and Eva Longoria. But other celebs opted for more colourful looks, with Brittany Snow donning a bright yellow dress on the red carpet.
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.