By CHRISTINE RENDON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  19:19, 26 June 2024   |  Updated:  04:36, 27 June 2024   
 344
View  comments
Kim Kardashian looked absolutely stunning as she slipped into another Marilyn Monroe-inspired look.
The reality star, 43, worked her magic in a sexy cheetah print bikini and matching eye mask as she posed up a storm in a series of sizzling snaps posted to her Instagram on Wednesday. 
The carousel of images kicked off with a shot of Kim seductively bent as she clutched the dainty mask, her fabulous hair resembling the 1950s icon to perfection.
Her flawless makeup consisted of a smoky eye, blush, and skinny eyebrows as she posed seductively with her hourglass figure on full display.
In another snap, Kim, who famously wore a Marilyn dress to the Met Gala in 2022, displayed her pert behind as she hit the camera with an over-the-shoulder pose. 
Kim Kardashian was looking fierce as she slipped into another Marilyn Monroe inspired look 
This time, the mask was placed over her eyes. 
In full length shots of the star, Kim showcased her fabulous frame as she struck poses with her feet slipped into classic high heels.
She rested her wrist upon the camera while placing her free hand on her hip. 
Kim captioned the snap with a shout-out to the team behind the shoot:  'creative director & stylist @sokimak Photographer @michaelbaileygates hair @chrisappleton1 makeup @kalikennedy.' She also credited Zana Bayne as the designer behind her custom made mask, top and bottom with cheetah print on cowhide.
The resemblance to Marilyn Monroe did not go unnoticed by fans.
'It gives a Marilyn Monroe tigers 1960s era vibe,' one fan remarked. 
'Monroe Style elegance & sexy,' one posted. 
'So.. you’re telling me this isn’t Marilyn Monroe?' another wrote with the heart eyes emoji.
'Major Marilyn Monroe vibes,' the Playboy Instagram account commented. 
She displayed her pert derriere as she hit the camera with an over-the-shoulder pose in the custom made printed cowhide set by designer Zana Bayne
The reality star donned her cheetah print eye mask as she displayed her fabulous figure 
Her feet were slipped into a pair of classic high heels for the sexy shoot 
'Marylin is that you!!?????' another asked. 
It comes two years after Kim sported Marilyn's iconic 'Happy Birthday, Mr. President' dress to the Met Gala, sparking controversy. 
The reality star revealed she forced herself to lose 16lbs in just three weeks in order to make it fit. 
Marilyn's glittering beaded gown was designed by Jean Louis, and has been on display at Ripley's Believe It or Not! Museum in Orlando, FL, after they bought it from Julien's Auction for $4.81million.
Her flawless makeup consisted of a smoky eye, blush, and skinny eyebrows as she posed seductively with her hourglass figure on full display
In another set of black and white photos, Kim could be seen standing in front of a plain backdrop in a sheer, chainmail gown that clung to her frame 
For another image, the star turned away from the camera as she stepped up onto a wooden platform during the vintage-inspired photo session 
The TV personality slightly crouched down to flaunt the ensemble while her platinum blonde locks were parted in the middle, and flowed down in light waves 
The Kardashians also wore a bejeweled, tasseled dress as well as closed-toed heels in other black and white photos
The resemblance to Marilyn Monroe did not go unnoticed by fans
She famously wore Marilyn's 'Happy Birthday Mr. President' dress to the Met Gala back in 2022
The legendary Monroe pictured in 1951 
Legend has it that the garment was so tight, Marilyn - who died at 36 from a drug overdose in 1962 - had to be sewn into the dress prior to her performance for the President.
Kim had the same struggle when she discovered the dress didn't fit her, and began to cry when she learned that the dress could not be altered.
The ex-wife of Kanye West told Vogue how she went on a ruthlessly strict diet deadline in order to slim down and wear the dress to the Met.
'I would wear a sauna suit twice a day, run on the treadmill, completely cut out all sugar and all carbs, and just eat the cleanest veggies and protein,' she told the outlet. 'I didn't starve myself, but I was so strict.'
Marilyn's unique hourglass figure and exact measurements have been debated for decades, but one dress maker claimed she was 5'5" tall, with a 35" bust, 22" waist, and 35" hips. Her bra size was said to be 36D.
Kim once said of her own measurements: 'I am a size 27 jeans… My measurements are 38, 26, 39. But remember I am 5'2″ and 1/2 and everyone carries their weight in different places.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group