It's been going on since last August, but now some are suggesting Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce's blossoming romance is "all for the cameras".
The pair have received complaints on social media, with fans saying their whirlwind relationship is "for PR" and isn't at all genuine. Here The Mirror takes a look at all the reasons we believe the Blank Space singer and NFL tight end are in it for the long haul.
From sweet gestures intended to be kept behind the cameras, to adorable lowkey dates and days out, it's safe to say Taylor and Travis are well and truly settling down. But what makes us adamant these mean 'showmance' claims are a load of rubbish?
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce accused of 'faking it' in their 'PR relationship' after video clues
We start with a more recent gesture from the Eras Tour performer. She'd been attending NFL games in support of her new man Travis, but she wasn't just cheering his team on from the sideline, she was also keeping them motivated with homemade Pop Tarts.
Head coach Andy Reid admitted the chart-topping songstress gave Kelce's fellow tight ends and the team's offensive lineman the special treats. But Reid joked he was upset that he missed out on trying them himself. He told Pro Football Talk: "Behind the scenes, she likes to cook, so she made the offensive linemen these homemade Pop-Tarts... She didn't give me one, and the offensive linemen definitely didn't give me one!"
The Grammy-winning singer stunned fans in November last year during her gig in Buenos Aires, when she first revealed the touching lyric change dedicated to her boyfriend. Earlier this month, she surprised the audience at the Accor Arena in Sydney when she changed the lyrics to Karma again as Travis was in the crowd watching.
He beamed as Taylor sang: "Karma is the guy on the Chiefs coming straight home to me." The crowd erupted into screams and cheers. Travis looked besotted with his pop icon girlfriend as he watched the gig from the VIP stand alongside best friend Ross Travis, who had travelled to Australia with the Chiefs player.
During a concert in South America, Travis and Taylor really wouldn't stop showing their affection for each other. Fans made a little project where they held up signs that said, "We will stay" during her song The Archer – clearly grabbing Travis' attention.
After seeing him in the VIP tent, one Swiftie offered him a sign and he happily took it.
Participating in the fan project, he flashed the sweet sign up while he danced along to his girlfriend's music. Taylor's army of followers were obsessed with the gesture as it showed he was not only respecting her, but the Swifties, too.
After her first appearance at his game, Taylor and Travis ran off after a win to celebrate in style. Fans were surprised to see Travis driving his new girlfriend in a convertible away from the stadium, looking like the ending of a Hollywood romcom.
Typically for Taylor, she's far more hidden away, arriving places in a dark SUV and keeping a more lowkey vibe. In fact, following her drama with Kim Kardashian and Kanye West, she was hardly seen for a year, even being snuck out of her home in a box.
The bold moment showed a sign of seriousness in their relationship early on. Travis drove them off to a rented-out restaurant for a big blow-out party. Riding off into the sunset, the pair shared a totally adorable moment, all caught on camera.
Travis wasted no time heading out with Taylor shortly after touching down in Sydney this month, heading on a wholesome trip to Sydney Zoo. Taylor had only visited the wildlife park the day before, but clearly wanted to show off the spot after her man's arrival.
Aerial images show the two walking hand-in-hand as they looked at the animals, smiling for the cut outing. They kept things casual as Taylor wore a simple pink singlet and denim miniskirt. She kept her face covered with a pair of signature sunglasses.
Travis mirrored his girlfriend's muted get-up after his long flight, wrapping his arms around Taylor while wearing shorts and a navy t-shirt, finishing off his look with a pair of white trainers, matching flat cap and stylising the whole thing with chunky jewellery.
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.