Roselyn Sanchez has been in mourning following the tragic death of her nephew, Carlos Enrique Sanchez Luna, known as "Kike", who passed away at the age of 19 in a car accident.
The Puerto Rican actress and singer shared the devastating news on her social networks on October 10, 2024, expressing her grief and remembering Kike as a young man full of life, love and discipline.
The incident took place in Lubbock, Texas, where 'Kike' was driving an SUV with four friends. During the tragic incident, 'Kike' was hit by another vehicle whose driver fled, although the person is already identified and in custody. "The investigation is open," Sanchez indicated through her Instagram stories.
The actress detailed that two other passengers were seriously injured and are hospitalized, while two others suffered minor injuries. The actress emphasized how "devastating" it was for her family to see her nephew depart in such an "unnecessary and unjust" way.
In an emotional message, Sanchez not only remembered 'Kike' as a "good, loving and brilliant child", but also highlighted how her family will always hold him in their hearts. In his tribute, she expressed: "Our families will never be the same again without your smile, your temperament and your presence. It has been the worst experience of our lives."
The funeral service for 'Kike' was held on October 8 at Sunset Funeral Homes in Texas. During a funeral service, Roselyn shared how faith has been a comfort during this difficult time. "We are just comforted to know that you are in the Kingdom, in a beautiful place and you will guide us from there," she said, reminding us that despite the tragedy, Kike's legacy will inspire his family to move forward.
Born in San Juan, Puerto Rico, on June 20, 2005, Kike leaves behind his devastated parents Carlos Sanchez and Maria de los Angeles Luna, as well as his sister Angelica Maria Sanchez.
When he entered high school, he developed a unique talent for chess, where he demonstrated excellent ability, winning game after game against his father. He was also a gamer, playing all the latest computer games. By the end of his studies at Coronado High he was a fan of Drake, Travis Scott, Kanye West, watches, Yeezy's and the most trending fashion.
He finished his high school with high grades,4.11; high honor. His favorite subject being science. He applies to several universities with the illusion of studying medicine, and is accepted at Texas Tech, says his page on Sunset Funeral Homes.
Kike taught us how important it is to be unique, to always strive for excellence, the best. To love with all intensity; to make others laugh; to have high expectations of others; and above all to take care of others.
Sign up for our free newsletter for the Latest coverage!