The Administration MP, Drive Publishing, Red Brick Songs and Lofi Chill & Lofi Jazz have joined the collective licensing organization. 

													By
												

	Kristin Robinson

Senior Writer

IMPEL has added The Administration MP, Drive Publishing, Red Brick Songs and Lofi Chill & Lofi Jazz to its membership. Now, IMPEL, a international collective representing digital publishing rights, will help its new members with licensing their catalogs. 






	
	
		
					Explore		
	





		Explore	

















	
		
					Drake		
					


See latest videos, charts and news



See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	They join other independent music publishers like Bucks Music Group, Beggars Music, Reservoir Music, Kassner Music, CTM, ABKCO, Truelove Music, Faber Music, Mute Song, Budde UK, Phrased Differently, Legs Music, Reach Music Publishing and Regard Music who are all already members of IMPEL. 

	












	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					El Rey Theater in Los Angeles to Be Featured in Tony Hawk Video Game		
	



	04/30/2025	







	IMPEL CEO Sarah Williams said of the new additions: “It feels as though we have reached a tipping point as an organization when it comes to awareness around what we do, how we do it and the unique benefits we bring to our members. The number of independent publishers that want to become part of our collective family is increasing all the time, and it’s great to be able to add such a diverse group of US operators to our ranks at once. We continue to make real in-roads into the biggest music market on the planet, which will benefit our membership as a whole.”




			Trending on Billboard		






The Administration MP

	This publisher, founded in 2013, boasts over 1,300 clients and 60,000 copyrights. Its repertoire primarily focuses on hip-hop/rap, and its clients have written songs for Drake, MGK, the Notorious B.I.G., Migos, Nicki Minaj, 2Pac, Snoop Dogg, Dr. Dre, Kanye West, 50 Cent, Tyga, and Chris Brown. 

Drive Publishing

	Founded in 2013 by Ana Ruiz, Drive Music Publishing offers global administration, creative consulting, royalty collection, and sound recording services, emphasizing expertise, transparency, and clarity. The company represents Grammy-winning and nominated writers, including Jackson Browne, jazz saxophone legend Benny Carter, and ‘the Poet of Havana’ Carlos Varela. 

Red Brick Songs

	Red Brick Songs supports songwriters through multimedia song placement, royalty administration, and career development. Their catalog includes works by Toni Braxton, Bootsy Collins, Alison Krauss, Paula Cole, and Ronnie Spector, among others. Notable hits in their collection include Julie Gold’s Grammy-winning “From A Distance,” Herbie Hancock’s “Rockit,” and jazz standards like “Bemsha Swing,” “Moanin’,” and “Joy Spring.”

	










Lofi Chill & Lofi Jazz

	The publishing counterpart of a label by the same name, Lofi Chill and Lofi Jazz represent a catalog of top ambient and lofi artists, including Dontcry, Phlocalyst, Casiio, SwuM, and Mujo.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.