By KINTA WALSH-COTTON FOR DAILY MAIL AUSTRALIA 
 Published:  04:59, 1 April 2024   |  Updated:  07:29, 1 April 2024   
 21
View  comments
Bianca Censori has been making headlines for the scandalous outfits she wears in public with husband Kanye West - and now her fans can too. 
The dark-haired beauty, 29, recently stepped out in a completely sheer nude top tucked into matching $986 Prada shorts which resembled underwear.
The racy look can be emulated with a pair of nude underwear for just $2 and a quick trip to a local Kmart store.
The retail department sells 'everyday cotton blend smoothing briefs' that look eerily similar the tiny bottoms Bianca wore to the Cheesecake Factory in LA just a few weeks ago.
For just the cost of a gold coin, fashionistas can slip on the underwear and then pair it with an $18 sheer top to copy the model's look for only $20 in total.
Bianca Censori recently stepped out in a completely sheer nude top tucked into matching $986 Prada shorts which resembled underwear when she went to lunch with her husband Kanye West  
Bianca wore the revealing attire as she put on a loved-up display with Kanye as they strolled around Los Angeles earlier this month. 
Meanwhile, the Vultures rapper rugged up in a black windbreaker hoodie, black trousers and black sneakers. 
Kanye has been parading Bianca around in the world in X-rated looks after secretly tying the knot in December 2022 — just weeks after he finalized his divorce from Kim.
She shocked last month by wearing sheer stockings for pants in Paris after going nude under a see-through raincoat in LA.
A source previously told DailyMail.com that Bianca's parents are 'mortified' at seeing their daughter in racy looks and that they just seems to be 'getting worse and worse.'
'Her parents are so distressed over this because they do not recognize her. She would not be doing this unless she was being controlled,' the insider said.
Some of her loved ones even reportedly staged an intervention with Bianca over West's alleged 'controlling ways'.
The racy look can be emulated with a pair of nude underwear for just $2 and a quick trip to a local Kmart store. The retail department sells 'everyday cotton blend smoothing briefs' that look eerily like the tiny bottoms Bianca wore to the Cheesecake Factory in LA just a few weeks ago 
For just the cost of a gold coin, fashionistas can slip on the underwear and then pair it with an $18 sheer top to copy the model's look for only $20 in total 
Kanye and Bianca married privately in 2022 , shortly after Kanye's divorce from ex-wife Kim Kardashian was finalised
The couple married privately in 2022, shortly after Kanye's divorce from ex-wife Kim Kardashian was finalised. 
Since then, they have been in the public eye for their sometimes bizarre behavior and outlandish outfits. 
Some insiders have told Daily Mail that Censori wants to step away from the spotlight, saying: 'She needs a break and needs to step back.' 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group