Manage your account
TAMPA — Lawyers for Tim Burke, the Tampa-based media consultant indicted last month on charges related to alleged computer hacks of Fox News videos, say in a new court filing that government agents concealed critical information from a judge when they applied for a warrant to search Burke’s property.
In particular, Burke’s attorneys argue that a 2023 search warrant affidavit concealed from the judge that federal agents wanted to seize a journalist’s reporting materials. The affidavit refers to Burke as a “former journalist,” the lawyers wrote, which they said is inaccurate. And it includes no indication of whether investigators followed proper procedures to avoid the disclosure of privileged information in their search.
The new filing, authored by attorneys Mark Rasch and Michael Maddux, appeared Wednesday in an appeals court case wherein Burke seeks the return of his computers and other devices the government seized last May when they searched his Seminole Heights home.
The lawyers also want the affidavit to be publicly unsealed, arguing that it does not reveal witness names as prosecutors have suggested.
The government has argued that Burke’s request to have his equipment returned should be denied, as there is now an active criminal prosecution against him. They’ve said his request to unseal the affidavit is moot because they already gave it to him.
Burke, 45, is a nationally recognized media figure known for finding and promoting obscure videos online. He runs Burke Communications, a consulting company, and has done work for HBO and ESPN among other clients. He has previously written for the online news outlets Deadspin and The Daily Beast.
He was indicted in February on 14 federal charges, including conspiracy; accessing a protected computer without authorization; and intercepting or disclosing wire, oral or electronic communications. The indictment alleges that Burke and an unnamed person used compromised computer credentials to access and save protected video streams, then publicly disseminated specific clips while masking where the videos came from and how they were obtained.
The Tampa Bay Times first reported last year that the search of Burke’s home was related to a criminal probe of alleged computer hacks of Fox News videos. The footage included behind-the-scenes snippets of Tucker Carlson on his now-canceled show, and portions of an interview with Kanye West in which the rapper makes antisemitic comments.
Burke and his attorneys insist that he did nothing wrong. They argue that he is a journalist, that he accessed the videos using login credentials posted on a public website, and that his property was searched and seized with a “callous disregard” for his First Amendment rights.
The new court filing, which is partially redacted, reveals some new details about the government’s request for a warrant to search Burke’s property. That search warrant affidavit remains publicly sealed, but was disclosed to Burke and his lawyers after his arrest.
Wednesday’s filing states that the affidavit specifically asked for permission to seize a particular computer, based on the possibility that Burke may have used it. But the affidavit does not mention that the computer was the property of the Tampa City Council, Burke’s lawyers wrote.
Burke’s wife, Lynn Hurtak, was elected to the City Council a few days before the search occurred. Her name and position are not mentioned in the affidavit, the lawyers wrote.
They argued that the omission of such details calls into question whether the search followed federal legal protocols, in particular the use of a “filter team.” A filter team is an independent group of people, typically lawyers, who are not part of an investigation but will review seized materials to filter out privileged information.
Prosecutors have asserted that the search followed a filter protocol.
One partially redacted footnote mentions that the affidavit reveals the investigation of Burke began when lawyers for someone — the name of the person or organization has been blacked out — contacted federal prosecutors in Tampa. The footnote states that prosecutors have been working with the same lawyers to prevent Burke from publishing materials that are embarrassing.
It is unclear if the redacted portions refer to lawyers for Fox News or an individual person.
An arraignment is scheduled for Monday in Burke’s criminal case.