By JOANNA CRAWLEY FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  10:04, 2 April 2024   |  Updated:  10:29, 2 April 2024   
 63
View  comments
Swifties have rounded on Sabrina Carpenter for her new collaboration with Kim Kardashian.
Sabrina is the latest celeb to model Kim Kardashian's Skims brand, posing in a sizzling Spring campaign released over the weekend.
But not everyone is impressed with Sabrina's high profile modelling job, with fans wondering if Sabrina's touring partner and pal Taylor Swift approves of the collab with her rival Kim.
Taylor and Kim have been locked in a feud since 2016, and rising star Sabrina is a close friend of Taylor's, joining her as a support act for several dates of her Eras tour. 
Swifties have rounded on Sabrina Carpenter for her new collaboration with Kim Kardashian for her Skims brand 
Taylor and Kim have been locked in a long-running feud , and rising star Sabrina is a close friend of Taylor's, joining her as a support act for several dates of her Eras tour (Taylor and  Kim in 2015)
One commented on Kim's insta post promoting the Sabrina shoot: 'The Swiftie crossover I never saw coming,' while another said, 'the swiftie universe has glitched.' 
Another tweeted: 'how she gonna open for Taylor Swift then work for Kim Kardashian.'
But fans pointed out that 'everything is business' and Taylor's other close friends like Selena Gomez have worked with Skims in the past.
'baby if Taylor doesn't mind Selena and Lana advertising for Kim's brand or Gigi Hadid being friends with the Kardashians, I think she shouldn't mind Sabrina either because Taylor is an adult and mature woman unlike her fans, that is just an excuse to cancel Sabrina again,' read one supportive tweet.
Taylor and Kim's feud began back in 2016 when Kim released a recorded phone call claiming that Taylor gave consent for her then-husband Kanye West to pen vulgar lyrics about her. 
Since then both stars have made various jibes and references to the row, with Taylor particularly taking aim in her 2017 album Reputation.
The latest development came in December 2023 when Taylor claimed in an interview that her dispute with Kim 'took her down psychologically' and forced her into hiding before branding her and her ex-husband Kanye 'trash.'
Many fans called Kim ' a marketing genius' for using Sabrina as the star of her latest campaign.
Fans have wondered if Sabrina's pal Taylor approves of the collab with her rival 
Others though have pointed out that 'everything is business' and Taylor's other close friends like Selena Gomez have worked with Skims in the past
The snaps depict Sabrina, 24, hanging out in her bedroom, strewn with books and decorated with celebrity posters, as she chats with a friend on a landline phone and listens to her portable CD player. 
Sabrina posted the snaps to her Instagram and captioned them, 'hellooo it's sabrina your spring @skims girl,' she wrote, along with a hearts, cherry, and bird hatching emoji. 'Spring intimates drop 4.03 at skims.com.'
Kim gushed: 'Sabrina is not only a very talented musician, but she also has a fashion sense and an 'it' factor that really resonates with the next generation.'
She continued, 'With her upcoming Coachella debut, there couldn't be a better time to have her star in a Skims campaign. Her talent and playful style brings a new energy to these collections, and the campaign is so fun!'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group