Brad Kella has said he is "over the moon" as he opened up on what “saved his life”. The winner of Channel 4’s The Piano was flooded with support after appearing on the show and speaking about being raised in the care system.
Brad and his twin brother Aron were taken in by foster parents Eve and Frank Kilmartin after being in the care system. Brad's first single, released last month, is named after them. Speaking to the Big Issue before his performance at the Labour Party conference in Liverpool last month, the musician said he wanted to be a voice for children growing up in care but didn’t want to be drawn into party politics.
Brad, 23, who is originally from Bootle, said: “I never speak too soon on anything political. Only because there’s no certainty at all, which we’ve learned from the past – words can mean nothing out of some of these mouths. But I want to see kids who’ve been in the care system given a chance to explore different pathways of reaching their dreams. It’d be amazing for these kids to have a place to go and people around them to give them confidence they can absorb and take into the future. Whether that’s through music, education or both.
“These kids need a bit of extra attention because of what they’ve been through. So it’d be great for the kids like myself who’ve been through the care system to have that bit of extra support that can guide them into a brighter future. That’s what I’m hoping to hear about.”
Brad, who now lives in Fazakerley, credited Eve and Frank for turning his life around by getting him a piano aged 14. He said: “My foster parents got me a piano growing up. That was my release. It was my escape from everything and literally saved my life. There is no other way of putting it. It’s the one thing I could always look forward to doing. It was dedicated to them because of everything they’ve done for me. I wouldn’t be in this situation without them, so it is basically a thank you token for everything they’ve done for me.”
Brad also said his aim is to popularise classical music as he opened up on the stereotyping he has received. He said: “People would see me in my tracksuits in Lime Street station and be surprised I could even play the piano. But never judge a book by its cover until you actually open the book and read it. I want to show people that there’s so many levels to classical music.
“I want to entwine it with film music and create my own sound – like Ludovici Einaudi and Yann Tiersen, these neo classical artists. And I want to be part of the next big thing regarding the piano. I truly believe I can get there. Because I used winning the show as a stepping stone in the direction of where I wanted to be. I’ve always dreamt of getting my own music out there and working with big companies to produce it. And now it’s all happening. I’m absolutely over the moon.”
Brad has now signed a recording contract with Liverpool-based Modern Sky. He has formed close relationships with CEO Dave Pichilingi and Jamie Webster, who also has a recording contract with the music label. Brad said: “I met Jamie at one of his shows. I think what he’s done for the city and for the working class of our city has been absolutely unbelievable. Not only that, his music’s absolutely amazing.
“I feel absolutely privileged to be a part of the team. Dave Pichilingi, is an amazing guy. He’s helped me out. He’s helped my family out massively. I already feel like I am part of a family there. They’ve looked after me in ways I can’t imagine and given me opportunities I can’t fathom. The future’s looking so bright now.”
After the release of Eve and Frank, Brad is preparing for a hometown show at the Liverpool Philharmonic Hall on Hope Street next month. Brad relished working on the single, and is excited for his new album due to be released next year. He said: “We went to RAK studios up in London. I couldn’t believe I was even allowed to play there, because some of the greats recorded there. A lot of the big ones have recorded there, like Michael Jackson and David Bowie. So the fact that I can be added to that list was absolutely unbelievable. And the single is sounding unbelievable as well.”
“Rosie Danvers has worked with Kanye West, Adele, Coldplay – all of these amazing people she has done the strings for. And she composed all the strings for my piano pieces. So I was in really good hands. Honestly, I’m over the moon with how it is coming along. It’s sounding better than I could ever, ever imagine. It’s going to be an amazing, amazing cinematic album. I can’t wait for the album to get released now, because I’m very proud of my work.”
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.