The upcoming instalment of Kevin Costner’s pricy Horizon franchise has been pulled from cinemas weeks before it was slated for release.
The Yellowstone actor spent years making his $100million Western flick, Horizon: An American Saga, a reality, with the first part hitting the big screen on June 28.
It was also a family affair for the 69-year-old, who cast his teenage son, Hayes, in one of the roles, beside Sienna Miller, Sam Worthington and Jamie Campbell Bower.
However, the film made just $11m at the US box office across the opening weekend and around $23.3m to date worldwide, leading to questions over the future of the remaining projects.
With just over a month until Chapter 2 is due to premiere, movie bosses have confirmed that it will no longer be coming out on August 16 as initially planned.
Instead, they confirmed that the first instalment will be available to stream earlier than planned, debuting on demand on July 16.
 A spokesperson for New Line told the Hollywood Reporter in a statement: ‘Territory Pictures and New Line Cinema have decided not to release Horizon: Chapter 2 on August 16 in order to give audiences a greater opportunity to discover the first installment of Horizon over the coming weeks, including on PVOD and Max.
‘We thank our exhibition partners for their continued support as moviegoers across the US discover the film in its theatrical run.’
Territory Pictures added in a separate message: ‘The audience response to Horizon, and enthusiasm for seeing our story continue in Horizon 2, has been incredibly gratifying. Kevin made this film for people who love movies and who wanted to go on a journey.
‘The support that we have received from film fans, and the theater owners, as they experience the first chapter of this saga only serves to reinforce our belief in them and the films that we have made, and we thank them for coming on board for the ride.
‘We welcome the opportunity for that window to be expanded as we know it will only serve to enhance the experience of seeing Horizon 2.’
According to the outlet, New Line’s parent company, Warner Brothers, have started notifying cinemas of the change – as many had offered advanced tickets for the sequel.
Horizon: An American Saga – Chapter 1 premiered at Cannes Film Festival earlier this year, to a 10-minute standing ovation.
Kevin wrote, directed and starred in the epic, which focuses on a family during the expansion of the American West – alongside Sienna and co.
He first wrote the initial story in 1988 and then decided to revamp the production into a mammoth four-part saga – he began filming the third chapter before appearing at Cannes.
The star put his money where his mouth is and put around $38million of his own money into the project.
‘I know they say I’ve got $20million of my own money in this movie,’ he recently told GQ of the financial risk. ‘It’s not true. I’ve got now about $38million in the film. That’s the truth. That’s the real number.’
‘I haven’t spent my life trying to make my pile grow bigger,’ he vowed. ‘I guess I could buy apartments and I could buy McDonald’s and I could buy a bunch of things and just grow, grow, grow, grow,
‘That’s the message I want my kids to understand about who I am: that I do what I believe in.
‘I have fear like everybody else. I don’t want to be humiliated.’
The chatter surrounding Horizon may feel very familiar to Kevin, as he had similar issues with his infamous 1995 flick, Waterworld.
The post-apocalyptic action movie, directed by Kevin Reynolds, focused on a future where the ice caps had melted, with most of the world covered in water and everyone desperately searching for the mysterious ‘Dryland’.
It was thought to be one of the most expensive films ever made at the time – with an initial budget of around $100m, which skyrocketed to roughly $175m.
Critics were brutal about the movie, dubbing it Fishtar, and the headlines only got worse when it grossed $22m during the opening weekend.
Despite the poor start in the US, Waterworld fared much better overseas and grossed more than $260m globally – it became a cult hit thanks to the home video market, so there is definitely still hope for Horizon yet…
Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for New Line Cinema and Warner Bros for a comment.
Got a story?
If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.
Arrow
MORE: Matthew McConaughey’s eye has fully closed over and it looks horrendous
Arrow
MORE: Kylie Minogue’s new single is making fans go to extremes after Padam Padam success
Arrow
MORE: Emotional Alec Baldwin issues statement after judge dismissed Rust involuntary manslaughter trial