Kanye West’s Sunday Service has been stripped of its charity status after failing to file tax returns for three years.
According to the IRS website, the gospel group’s tax exemption status was revoked on May 15, 2024, “for not filing a Form 990-series return or notice for three consecutive years.”
Sunday Service, which the “Gold Digger” rapper founded in 2019, was initially given exemption from federal income tax because it was listed as a 501(c)(3) organization, which are “religious, educational, charitable, scientific, literary, testing for public safety, fostering national or international amateur sports competition, or prevention of cruelty to children or animals organizations.”
As of Aug. 12, the revocation status was still current.
The US Sun was the first to report the news.
Page Six has reached out to West’s rep for comment but did not immediately hear back.
When West, 47, first began Sunday Service, the gospel choir performed with the Grammy winner every weekend.
Their first public performance was at Coachella for Easter in 2019, and they also collaborated with Pastor Joel Osteen, who hosted West at Lakewood Church in Houston in November 2019.
Though tickets for the event were free, people resold them online for up to $500.
West faced legal issues with some Sunday Service members and staff, who filed class action lawsuits against the Yeezy founder for alleged mistreatment in 2020.
At the time, more than 500 performers and approximately 300 crew members claimed the father of four had violated California labor laws by underpaying them and denying them meal and restroom breaks.
A hairstylist named Raina Leon claimed she had to wait 120 days for a $550 paycheck from work done in November 2019.
Sunday Service performer Michael Pearson alleged he was paid a flat day rate of $250 — regardless of his hours — and was not permitted a meal or restroom breaks. Pearson also claimed performers stood all day or sat on the floor and walked home when a shuttle was not provided for them.
The US Sun reported in June that West had settled with the hundreds of Sunday Service performers and employees for $1.35 million — though they were seeking more than $10.5 million in damages.
Advertisement