By ADAM S. LEVY FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  00:29, 29 May 2024   |  Updated:  00:34, 29 May 2024   
 225
View  comments
North West donned her own costume from the company ERL clothing for her performances in a pair of shows for The Lion King.
North, the eldest of the four children shared by exes Kim Kardashian, 43, and Kanye West, 46, performed in a pair of concerts in Los Angeles at the Hollywood Bowl in the role of Young Simba on Friday and Saturday.
North, 10, wore a yellow ensemble as she took the stage at the show, which was filmed for a future Disney+ release, performing the song I Just Can't Wait to be King and receiving a standing ovation from fans at one point.
North was outfitted in a furry hoodie with shorts, socks and furry slippers; a spokesperson for the musical told People on Tuesday that North, as well as the show's stars Jennifer Hudson and Jeremy Irons, 'were not outfitted by the production' for which were designed by Marina Toybina.
The company ERL clothing on Tuesday afternoon subsequently took to Instagram with multiple images of North in the costume it designed for her, with a post captioned 'costume design for north in disney’s the lion king.'
North West, 10, donned her own costume from the company ERL clothing for her performances in a pair of shows for The Lion King. Pictured Saturday at the Hollywood Bowl in LA
North, 10, wore a yellow ensemble on stage at the show alongside Jennifer Hudson, 42
Reactions to the costume on the thread were mostly negative, with multiple users saying that the ensemble looked amateurish compared to those other performers featured in the show wore.
Some users said the costume looked more like the Sesame Street stalwart Big Bird than Simba.
'You missed the assignment, this is big bird vibes, not Simba,' said one user, while another said, 'This is giving big bird not simba.'
Said one user: 'Costume looks like big bird,' while another added, 'Looks more like the bird from Sesame Street.'
One user referred to the Kardashians in their commentary, saying, 'Y’all must secretly hate this family ... how could you fail so terribly.'
A user said that the costume took away from North's performance, as it looked chintzy and tossed together at the last minute.
'You did her dirty with this costume,' the user said. 'She had a front [and] center performance yet everyone else around her looked amazing in costumes fitting to the performance.
'This just looks like one of those costumes your Mum throws together the morning of World Book Day because she forgot all about it.'
The company ERL clothing on Tuesday afternoon subsequently took to Instagram with multiple images of North in the costume it designed for her
The post was captioned 'costume design for north in disney’s the lion king'
Reactions to the costume on the thread were mostly negative, with multiple users saying that it looked more like the Sesame Street stalwart Big Bird than Simba 
One user said of the outfit, 'You did her dirty with this costume'
The weekend shows at the famed Southern California venue were not an exact 'staging of the Broadway show,' according to People, but a collection of songs featured in the 1994 animated movie and 2019 remake.
Kim Kardashian took to social media with multiple posts commemorating her eldest child's latest endeavor, which multiple people said was indicative of Hollywood's tendencies toward nepotism.
'If there was ever a time where Kanye needed to rush the stage and grab the mic from someone, this was it,' one user said on the DailyMail's TikTok account, referencing North dad's infamous interruption of Taylor Swift in 2009.
In addition to Hudson and Irons, North also appeared alongside notable names such as Nathan Lane, Billy Eichner, Bradley Gibson and Jason Weaver.
North's parents haven't been shy about putting her on the stage, as in March, her father Kanye brought her onstage to sing along with his track Talking at the Rolling Loud festival. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group