"I find the whole tone of this insulting. I really do."

							By 

	Mya Abraham

R&B Reporter

D.L. Hughley is irate over former supporters of President Joe Biden turning their backs on him following the first presidential debate for the 2024 election. Among those people are George Clooney, who recently requested that Biden bow out from the presidential race.

	“I find the whole tone of this insulting. I really do,” said Hughley, 61, during a TMZ Live interview on Wednesday (July 10). “I find it insulting for a couple of reasons. I watched a man get convicted of 34 felonies. I watched a man get adjudicated for sexual battery. I watched a man who got convicted of fraud and never have I ever heard from the media in general about his qualifications to be president.” 

	










	The comedian was referring to Donald Trump. Despite him making history as the first former president to be a convicted felon, he’s somehow still able to run for the country’s highest office. 
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Donald Trump Seemingly Supports Stephen A. Smith's Potential 2028 Presidential Bid		
			







	Hughley condemned Clooney’s op-ed in the New York Times titled “I Love Joe Biden, But We Need A New Nominee.”

	“In that whole article, [Clooney] didn’t mention Project 2025 once. Neither did [George] Stephanopoulos. None of them did, but you gon’ tell me how someone’s old?,” he continued, referring to the list of conservative and right-wing policy proposals that may be implemented if Trump gets re-elected.
Dear America/Black Folks: Which Is WORSE? PROJECT 2025 Or Stuttering, Walking Slow, Forgetting Somethings, Spending A Extra $1 A Gallon On Gas, & Groceries Prices Being Up 20%. The Decision Is Yours! (Trump Sayin He Knows Nothing About This He A DAMN LIE! Do Your Research! pic.twitter.com/F9orALEtg9

	The former sitcom star began to list some of the “transitional plans,” like women losing bodily autonomy, defunding FBI and Homeland Security, and eliminating the Department of Education. 

	“Who does that hurt? I will respect people’s right to have their vantage point, but for me, there’s a deciding difference between someone being disappointed by an election and having a disastrous outcome from it,” Hughley noted. 

	Since the presidential debate, many have questioned if Pres. Biden is officially “too old” to hold office, and are now torn on how to proceed.

	In spite of celebrities backing Trump like Waka Flocka Flame, Sexyy Red, and Kanye West, Ice Cube feels those endorsements are irrelevant and that voting ultimately is a “personal decision.”
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.