Bianca Censori and Kanye West's latest sighting raised several eyebrows again due to the architect's explicit display.
The couple stepped out to visit a music studio in Los Angeles Monday night. Censori went nude under a see-through raincoat with a black lettering display to cover some areas of her bust. The buttons up and down the jacket made it slightly less transparent, but her curves were on display.
The 29-year-old Australian architect strategically held her phone in one hand and placed it over her lower private section to cover the area, Page Six reported.
While Censori's nakedness was evident, her rapper husband was as covered up as possible. West, 46, wore a black top and joggers under his coat with matching thick leather gloves and a black mask covering his entire face.
KanYe West and Bianca Censori OOTD theme must be ANTONYMSFully Colthed ~ No Clothes 😂😂😂I mean Why ??? pic.twitter.com/99UqA7b7GR
Fans expressed concern over Censori, with several accusing the "Gold Digger" rapper of controlling and manipulating his wife.
"She needs intervention, her family needs to address this issue," one commented. Another added, "She needs to be rescued."
"Somebody help this girl," a third person opined.
"They both need help[.] [T]his relationship is so weird we don't know where it will end," a fourth person claimed.
On the other hand, many defended the couple, saying it was their choice and other people should leave them be.
"Just your totally and absolutely normal couple," one said. Another added, "Seems she's been dressing skimpy way before Kanye. I guess they're made for each other. I don't get it, but it's not for me to get."
Censori and West's relationship has raised eyebrows due to her explicit displays, which many blamed on her husband. In January, West shared snaps of his wife rocking a risqué swimsuit, leather face mask and black boots.
The post also prompted several netizens to accuse the rapper of allegedly putting Censori in a "psychological game." Others expressed how sorry they were for West's spouse.
"She's trapped in a dangerous psychological game," one commented after seeing Censori's photos.
"[I] feel so sorry for her. He's using her for her body," another wrote.
A different user claimed that Censori looked "so unhappy and defeated," accusing West of enslaving her. According to some netizens, Censori looked miserable.
West and Censori are legally married despite previous reports claiming they only wed for religious reasons. In the official documents obtained by the Daily Mail, the pair tied the knot on Dec. 20, 2022, in Palo Alto, California, just a month after his divorce from Kim Kardashian was finalized.