ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
ATLANTA, GA - JANUARY 14: (EDITOR NOTE: A lens filter was used in this image.)Future and Metro ... More Boomin perform during Future & Friends "One Big Party Tour" at State Farm Arena on January 14, 2023 in Atlanta, Georgia.(photo by Prince Williams/Wireimage)
Future and Metro Boomin dropped their collaborative album We Don't Trust You on Friday (March 22). The set is one of two expected from the hip-hop beatmaker and the rapper, and as was expected, it was a huge success from the moment it dropped. The pair are off to a fantastic start on Spotify, which is a signifier of how things may go for the project in a few days.
Songs from We Don't Trust You completely dominate the Spotify U.S. chart on Friday, the day they were released. Future and Boomin debut their new focus track “Like That” at No. 1 on the ranking of the most-streamed cuts on the platform in America. In just its first day of availability, the tune racked up 3.73 million plays.
“Like That” beats out its closest competitor by nearly 400,000 streams–a sizable sum considering that the No. 1 hit didn’t even make it to four million plays. New in the runner-up rung is Hozier’s “Too Sweet,” which starts at No. 2 with 3.34 million streams.
Future and Boomin occupy half a dozen spaces inside the top 10 on Spotify’s U.S. chart. They’re joined inside the highest tier on this tally by newcomers from Hozier and Olivia Rodrigo (“Obsessed,” No. 9). Two holdovers, Kanye West, Ty Dolla $ign, Playboy Carti, and Rich the Kid’s “Carnival” (No. 5) and Djo’s “End of Beginning” (No. 10) manage to find space inside the tier once again.
Seventeen new songs from Future and Boomin debut on the Spotify chart after they dropped on Friday. That roundup includes every track featured on We Don’t Trust You, as well as a bonus cut. All but one of those new hits start inside the top 40, becoming quick streaming successes.
All the many millions of plays that the 17 songs featured on We Don’t Trust You are earning are sure to send them right to the Billboard charts in a few days. There’s a very good chance that 16 or maybe all 17 of the tunes will hit the Hot 100. The album will also almost certainly reach the No. 1 space on the Billboard 200 as well.