Guy D'Alema/FX; Netflix/Courtesy Everett Collection; Shane Brown/FX
There’s nothing quite like a great TV binge, but there's also nothing more frustrating than not knowing what to watch. For those nights when you’re ready to dive into a new series that previously slipped off your radar, EW has got you covered. You'll find something for every viewing mood in this guide, so read on to find your next obsession.
Here are the 50 best shows on Hulu right now, from one-season delights to long-running classics.
Ali Goldstein/NBCU Photo Bank/NBCUniversal via Getty Images
Tired of self-proclaimed prestige "comedies" that barely offer a handful of chuckles per episode? Try 30 Rock, Tina Fey's Emmy-winning sitcom so dense with jokes you won't even catch everything on a first binge. The seven-season comedy stars Fey as Liz Lemon, the overworked head writer of an SNL-esque variety sketch series who tries to balance cast member egos and network executive Jack Donaghy's (Alec Baldwin) meddling while trying to have something of a personal life. Knowledge of the entertainment world isn't a prerequisite but the sheer number of pop culture references and satirical showbiz jabs are a treat for any enthusiast. —Kevin Jacobsen
Where to watch 30 Rock: Hulu
Cast: Tina Fey, Alec Baldwin, Tracy Morgan, Jane Krakowski, Jack McBrayer, Scott Adsit, Judah Friedlander
While quality TV comedies have mostly been found on cable and streaming these days, Abbott Elementary proves that great comedy is still being made on network television. Created by and starring Quinta Brunson, the Emmy-winning mockumentary-style sitcom follows the lives of teachers at a Philadelphia elementary school as they deal with budget restrictions, changing social norms, and a principal with major chaotic energy.
One of the best parts of Abbott Elementary (beyond its outstanding ensemble cast) is its mastery of tone, striking a balance between laugh-out-loud observational humor and dramatic sincerity in its depiction of everyday heroes. —K.J.
Where to watch Abbott Elementary: Hulu
EW grade: A– (read the review)
Cast: Quinta Brunson, Tyler James Williams, Janelle James, Lisa Ann Walter, Chris Perfetti, Sheryl Lee Ralph, William Stanford Davis
Robert Zuckerman/FX Network/Everett Collection
Ryan Murphy helped revive the limited/anthology series as a genre with this FX drama. American Horror Story tells a single horror-based story each year, with seasons about a haunted house, a mental asylum, a coven of witches, a freak show, and more. Not every season is a winner, but the show's gothic/campy aesthetic and all-star cast keep us coming back every year. We recommend the first four seasons, a.k.a. the Jessica Lange years, but there are now 12 seasons of horror to explore. —K.J.
Where to watch American Horror Story: Hulu
Cast: Jessica Lange, Sarah Paulson, Evan Peters, Lily Rabe, Frances Conroy, Kathy Bates, Denis O'Hare, Angela Bassett, Emma Roberts, Taissa Farmiga, Dylan McDermott, Connie Britton
Guy D'Alema/FX
Donald and Stephen Glover never resigned their acclaimed series to just one genre. Across 41 episodes, Atlanta has been a sitcom, a satire, a black comedy, a horror comedy, a drama, and even a documentary once or twice. The story of Earn (Donald Glover) managing his cousin Alfred’s (Brian Tyree Henry) rap career remains compelling in part by seamlessly switching to whichever style and tone is best suited for a given moment.
This balancing act wouldn't work without the cast’s stellar dexterity, including Zazie Beetz as Earn's partner Van, and LaKeith Stanfield as Alfred's philosophizing best friend Darius. If you missed out on one of the best shows of last decade while it was airing, now’s your chance to catch up. —Tanya Melendez 
Where to watch Atlanta: Hulu
EW grade: A (read the review)
Cast: Donald Glover, Brian Tyree Henry, LaKeith Stanfield, Zazie Beetz
Chuck Hodes/FX
The Bear’s plot is deceptively simple: A young fine-dining chef (Jeremy Allen White) comes home to run his family’s faltering Italian beef sandwich shop after his brother’s suicide. But like a perfect meal, the execution of a simple idea is what counts. Even in quick-hit sub-30-minute episodes (a rarity in today’s prestige TV landscape), creator Christopher Storer makes sure each employee’s story shines, whether it's Marcus' (Lionel Boyce) spiritual training in Copenhagen, Tina's (Liza Colón-Zayas) culinary school evolution, Sydney's (Ayo Edebiri) Chicago food tour, or Cousin Richie's (Ebon Moss-Bachrach) week at real-life two Michelin star restaurant Ever.
That episode, "Forks," was one of the best TV episodes of 2023, with EW's critic writing, "The transformation that takes place as Richie slowly learns to respect his co-workers, respect the diners, and, most important of all, respect himself is the most powerful character arc yet on a show filled with them." There's a reason the Emmys can't stop hurling statuettes at this show, so savor each episode. Season 4 will premiere on June 15. —T.M.
Where to watch The Bear: Hulu
EW grade: A (read the review)
Cast: Jeremy Allen White, Ebon Moss-Bachrach, Ayo Edebiri, Lionel Boyce, Liza Colón-Zayas, Abby Elliott, Matty Matheson
Suzanne Tenner/FX 
Pamela Adlon plays Sam Fox, the working actor raising three daughters and caring for her aging mother in this underappreciated, semi-autobiographical gem. EW's critic lauds the show for being a space "where events don't so much happen as they unfurl, at their own pace, in front of our eyes," a bit of a television miracle in this age of high-speed content designed to keep you hooked. But here, you're riveted by these complex characters: rebellious Max (future Oscar winner Mikey Madison), stubborn and curious Frankie (Hannah Alligood), and sweetheart Duke (Olivia Edward), each going through their teens and dragging their mom along for all the highs and lows that follow.
Better Things highlights everything about life that most shows skip in favor of "plot," when the real plot is small, human, and worth watching. —T.M.
Where to watch Better Things: Hulu
EW grade: A (read the review)
Cast: Pamela Adlon, Mikey Madison, Hannah Alligood, Olivia Edward, Celia Imrie
You don't always need an Emmy-winning prestige drama or an edgy comedy to pass the time. Sometimes when you turn on the TV, you just need something soothing and inherently positive, where mistakes are just a brush stroke away from becoming something beautiful. For more than 400 episodes, Bob Ross taught public television audiences how to paint lovely landscapes, leaving behind a legacy of affable, meme-able moments, plus artwork that lives on everywhere from your family garage to the Smithsonian National Museum of American History. —T.M.
Where to watch Bob Ross – The Joy of Painting: Hulu
Cast: Bob Ross, lots of "happy trees"
Fox
This beloved animated series has endured as one of the warmest shows on television since its 2011 premiere. Bob's Burgers centers on the Belchers, a working-class family who own a burger joint in New Jersey. As parents Bob and Linda try to make ends meet, they also attempt to wrangle their precocious kids: socially awkward Tina, aspiring musician Gene, and mischief-making Louise. With dynamic voice performances and down-to-earth yet playful humor, you'll find it hard to not emotionally invest in the Belchers and their misadventures. —K.J.
Where to watch Bob's Burgers: Hulu
Cast: H. Jon Benjamin, Dan Mintz, Eugene Mirman, Larry Murphy, John Roberts, Kristen Schaal
This Emmy-winning FX drama is as gripping as a John Grisham legal thriller. In one of her most defining performances, Glenn Close stars as Patty Hewes, a cold-blooded lawyer who takes on difficult cases, while Rose Byrne plays Ellen Parsons, Patty's protégée at the firm. Though each season follows a single case, the overarching intrigue of the series is the ever-evolving relationship between Patty and Ellen, which makes the dynamic in The Devil Wears Prada look like child's play. —K.J.
Where to watch Damages: Hulu
Cast: Glenn Close, Rose Byrne, Željko Ivanek, Noah Bean, Tate Donovan, Ted Danson
Eric McCandless/ABC
Between murders, tragic accidents, and natural disasters, Wisteria Lane may be the most cursed street in television history. This mega-popular primetime soap follows four women who live on said lane — Susan (Teri Hatcher), Lynette (Felicity Huffman), Bree (Marcia Cross), and Gabrielle (Eva Longoria) — each grappling with their love lives, dark secrets, and scandals aplenty. The drama begins with their friend Mary Alice's (Brenda Strong) shocking suicide, but that proves to be just the tip of the iceberg. —K.J.
Where to watch Desperate Housewives: Hulu
Cast: Teri Hatcher, Felicity Huffman, Marcia Cross, Eva Longoria, Nicollette Sheridan
NBCU Photo Bank
This beloved NBC medical drama follows the emergency room at Chicago's Cook County General Hospital for a whopping 331 episodes. ER's biggest moments are television lore: Doug (George Clooney) carrying a child out of a flooded drainpipe, Carter (Noah Wyle) and Lucy (Kellie Martin) getting stabbed by a patient with schizophrenia, Dr. Romano (Paul McCrane) facing off against a helicopter — twice. Almost every episode is memorable in some way, including a cast list filled with stars, whether they had a guest spot as a patient or were a series regular. If you were too young to watch it when it aired or haven't spent time with your favorite docs recently, clock in for your shift and get to work. —T.M.
Where to watch ER: Hulu
EW grade: A– (read the review)
Cast: Anthony Edwards, George Clooney, Sherry Stringfield, Noah Wyle, Julianna Margulies, Eriq La Salle
Olly Courtney/Disney
In the world of this British comedy, every person on Earth gets a superpower when they turn 18 — except Jen (Máiréad Tyers), our powerless main character who’s desperate to find her gift. Extraordinary has a great time messing with our previous notions of superpowers by putting them into the hands of ordinary people. Take Jen's best friend and roommate, Carrie (Sofia Oxenham), for example. She can channel the dead, but she mostly uses it to settle disputes at a law firm, though she’ll occasionally channel Hitler so people can make fun of him directly. It’s a clever, sometimes raunchy/sometimes sweet series about how we embrace our potential. —T.M.
Where to watch Extraordinary: Hulu
Cast: Máiréad Tyers, Sofia Oxenham, Bilal Hasna, Luke Rollason
FX/Matthias Clamer
Based on the 1996 Coen brothers movie, each episode of Noah Hawley’s crime anthology series begins with this message: "This is a true story. At the request of the survivors, the names have been changed. Out of respect for the dead, the rest has been told exactly as it occurred." Of course, it’s not technically a true story, except perhaps in the larger capital-T truth about crime and consequences. Every season brings a new cast, a new story, and all the quirk you crave from a middle-America franchise. It's excellent entertainment, especially seeing how actors like Juno Temple and Kirsten Dunst take on the required accent. —T.M.
Where to watch Fargo: Hulu
EW grade: N/A (read the review)
Cast: Billy Bob Thornton, Martin Freeman, Allison Tolman, Colin Hanks
Kurt Iswarienko/FX
As the title implies, Ryan Murphy's anthology series sees two separate but equally intense feuds unfold. In season 1, Bette Davis (Susan Sarandon) and Joan Crawford (Jessica Lange) battle each other and the Hollywood misogyny they’re constantly up against. In season 2, Truman Capote (Tom Hollander) spars with half a bevy of New York socialites (Naomi Watts, Diane Lane, Chloë Sevigny, Calista Flockhart, Demi Moore, Molly Ringwald) who didn't appreciate him mining their lives for his writing. (We don't want to pick sides, but really, he could have made it less obvious.) Both installments share Murphy's typically stacked cast of legendary actresses, gorgeous costuming, and fast-paced direction. —T.M.
Where to watch Feud: Hulu
EW grade: B (read the review)
Cast: Jessica Lange, Susan Sarandon, Naomi Watts, Tom Hollander, Calista Flockhart, Demi Moore
Chris Haston/NBCU Photo Bank/NBCUniversal via Getty
Judd Apatow's cult comedy about the outcasts of a Detroit high school in the early 1980s remains famous for two things: First, it launched the careers of stars like James Franco, Seth Rogen, Jason Segel, Linda Cardellini, and Busy Philipps. Second, it's on every "Canceled Too Soon" list of the last 25 years. The story of siblings Lindsey (Cardellini) and Sam (John Francis Daley) and their respective cliques (of burnouts and nerds, respectively) is a hilarious look at the most awkward parts of adolescence and how we survive them. —T.M.
Where to watch Freaks and Geeks: Hulu
EW grade: A (read the review)
Cast: Linda Cardellini, John Francis Daley, James Franco, Samm Levine, Seth Rogen, Jason Segel, Martin Starr, Busy Philipps
Mitchell Haddad/CBS Photo Archive via Getty
Where the Gilmore Girls lead, we will always follow. Through seven seasons of laughs, heartbreak, and unbreakable bonds, Gilmore Girls brilliantly explores the relationship between mothers and daughters. Lauren Graham plays Lorelai, the fast-talking single mother of Rory (Alexis Bledel), a brainy teen who has inherited her mother's tendency for boy troubles. This is a show worth revisiting again and again — winter, spring, summer, or fall — to help escape the horrors of the real world for a little while. —K.J.
Where to watch Gilmore Girls: Hulu
Cast: Lauren Graham, Alexis Bledel, Melissa McCarthy, Keiko Agena, Yanic Truesdale, Scott Patterson, Kelly Bishop, Edward Herrmann
Paul Drinkwater/NBCU Photo Bank/Getty
The Golden Girls remains a gold standard for razor-sharp comedy. The beloved sitcom centers on four older women — whip-smart Dorothy (Bea Arthur); sweetly naive Rose (Betty White); sexually voracious Blanche (Rue McClanahan); and Dorothy's wise-cracking mother, Sophia (Estelle Getty) — living together in a Miami home. While often trading barbs with each other, there is an unmistakable appreciation of chosen family that keeps us coming back again and again. —K.J.
Where to watch The Golden Girls: Hulu
Cast: Bea Arthur, Betty White, Rue McClanahan, Estelle Getty
Ollie Upton/Hulu
The real-life story of Catherine the Great, empress of Russia, is fascinating. But is it a great comedy? You better stick to Tony McNamara's (The Favourite, Poor Things) version if you want to be entertained. His interpretation of Catherine (Elle Fanning) and Peter’s (Nicholas Hoult) love story/power struggle is part historical drama, part grand romance, part sex romp, part palace intrigue, all sharply observed and wickedly funny.
The script twists and turns in unexpected ways (Gillian Anderson’s guest role will not go the way you think) and you'll gasp several times a season, but you'll laugh more. There’s a reason so many reviews of The Great end with a declaration that it is, well, great. Huzzah! —T.M.
Where to watch The Great: Hulu
Cast: Elle Fanning, Nicholas Hoult, Phoebe Fox, Sacha Dhawan
Disney/Anne Marie Fox
Don't let the number of episodes scare you off: Once you start Grey's Anatomy, it will be tough to quit. The soapy medical drama centers on the surgical interns and residents working at a Seattle hospital, juggling the demands of their jobs with their tumultuous personal lives. Suffice it to say, there are more than a few hookups among the surgeons, and viewers have been following their ups and downs (and exits and returns) since 2005. The first 20 seasons of Grey's are available to binge on Hulu, with new episodes from season 21 dropping weekly through May 15 after they first air on ABC. —K.J.
Where to watch Grey's Anatomy: Hulu
Cast: Ellen Pompeo, Patrick Dempsey, Sandra Oh, Katherine Heigl, Justin Chambers, T.R. Knight, James Pickens Jr., Chandra Wilson, Isaiah Washington
Prashant Gupta/FX
Ryan Murphy's television empire continues with this aptly-named gruesome crime drama. Niecy Nash-Betts stars as Lois Tryon, a police detective who teams up with a nun (Micaela Diamond) to unravel the mystery behind a series of killings with a seemingly biblical connection. Complicating matters for Lois is a rebellious daughter and a comatose husband, but there's even more to the story than you might assume. As Nash-Betts teased to EW, "I think that Ryan has something for you with this one. This one is different. This is very different. To me, it's not like anything I've seen him do before." —K.J.
Where to watch Grotesquerie: Hulu
Cast: Niecy Nash-Betts, Courtney B. Vance, Nicholas Alexander Chavez, Micaela Diamond, Raven Goodwin, Lesley Manville
This chilling adaptation of Margaret Atwood's shockingly relevant novel remains one of Hulu's landmark series. The drama takes place in a dystopian future where the American government has been overthrown by evangelical religious zealots. Under this new system, women are made second-class citizens meant to serve men, with some, like Elisabeth Moss' June, forced to bear the children of the ruling class. The harrowing series mostly follows June as she tries to escape her indentured servitude and reunite with her daughter who was taken away from her. While not always easy to watch, its depiction of humans trying to survive in a nation under siege by fanaticism feels all too real. The sixth and final season premiered on April 8. —K.J.
Where to watch The Handmaid's Tale: Hulu
EW grade: A (read the review)
Cast: Elisabeth Moss, Joseph Fiennes, Yvonne Strahovski, Alexis Bledel, Madeline Brewer, Ann Dowd, O-T Fagbenle, Max Minghella, Samira Wiley
Phillip Caruso/Hulu
The 2000 John Cusack movie was a faithful adaptation of the 1995 Nick Hornby novel, but, like a great cover of a classic hit, the 2020 series modernized it for today. Rob (Zoë Kravitz) is still an immature record store owner bemoaning past heartbreak and breaking the fourth wall, but, given 10 episodes instead of one film, her character gets to evolve further. The music is, predictably, fantastic (don't skip end credits!), and future Oscar winner Da'Vine Joy Randolph steals every scene as Cherise, Rob's employee and a struggling musician who's afraid to take a creative leap. —T.M.
Where to watch High Fidelity: Hulu
Cast: Zoë Kravitz, Jake Lacy, Da'Vine Joy Randolph, David H. Holmes
Dr. Gregory House (Hugh Laurie) has a brilliant mind for medical science, gruff and misanthropic as he may be. House's complicated psychology is what puts this Emmy-winning procedural a step above other doctor shows of its ilk, carried by Laurie's masterful performance. Come for the bizarre medical cases, stay for the cheeky banter between House and fellow doctor Wilson (Robert Sean Leonard) or Dean of Medicine Cuddy (Lisa Edelstein). —K.J.
Where to watch House: Hulu
Cast: Hugh Laurie, Lisa Edelstein, Robert Sean Leonard, Omar Epps, Jennifer Morrison, Jesse Spencer
What started as a spinoff of Law & Order has since become the most enduring series in the franchise. As anyone who's heard the opening narration over and over again knows, Law & Order: Special Victims Unit centers on sexually based offenses that take place in New York City, and the dedicated detectives who investigate them. Our heroes are Olivia Benson (Mariska Hargitay) and — for the first 12 seasons anyway — Elliot Stabler (Christopher Meloni), detectives whose relentless pursuit of justice has riveted audiences for decades. —K.J.
Where to watch Law & Order: Special Victims Unit: Hulu
Cast: Mariska Hargitay, Christopher Meloni, Ice-T, Richard Belzer, Dann Florek, B.D. Wong, Tamara Tunie, Kelli Giddish
Andrew Semel/Fox/Courtesy Everett Collection
Tell us if you heard of this one: A 1990s hit sitcom about six friends searching for professional success and love while living in the same New York City building. No, not that one. The other one. The first one. The Black one. Premiering in 1993, the cast's chemistry and the great writing made Living Single an unexpected success against big competition on Sunday nights, setting the show up for a five-season, 118-episode run that holds up to this day. It's also one of the most beloved Black sitcoms of all time, giving young non-white audiences a group of, ahem, friends who look and sound like them.
As creator Yvette Lee Bowser told EW in 2023, "Black people are always creating American culture, and yet we were disproportionately absent from the television landscape...That was the impetus for the whole thing — to tell our stories from our point of view." —T.M.
Where to watch Living Single: Hulu
Cast: Queen Latifah, Kim Coles, Erika Alexander, Kim Fields, T.C. Carson, John Henton
CBS via Getty
Yes, The Mary Tyler Moore Show has had a massive cultural impact, from its feminist core to its adult themes to its influence on every sitcom that followed. But the series' place in television history shouldn't overwhelm the fact that it's incredibly funny.
An absolute murderers’ row of comedic legends (Mary Tyler Moore, Ed Asner, Gavin MacLeod, Ted Knight, Cloris Leachman, Valerie Harper, Georgia Engel, Betty White) are all at the top of their game here, deftly pulling every possible punchline from the beautifully written material. If you only recall the biggest moments (Chuckles the Clown, hating spunk, et al.), now is the time to go back and remember that it wasn't just love all around, it was laughs, too. —T.M.
Where to watch The Mary Tyler Moore Show: Hulu
Cast: Mary Tyler Moore, Ed Asner, Gavin MacLeod, Ted Knight, Cloris Leachman, Valerie Harper, Georgia Engel, Betty White
ABC Photo Archives/Disney General Entertainment Content via Getty 
When former model Maddie Hayes (Cybill Shepherd) loses all her money to a crooked accountant, she's forced to run an L.A. detective agency with a roguish private eye (Bruce Willis), and sparks fly. Moonlighting broke the fourth wall, broke long-held industry assumptions, and was Willis' big break.
The highs were very high (like the Taming of the Shrew costume fantasy "Atomic Shakespeare" or "The Dream Sequence Always Rings Twice," an ode to film noir) and the lows were really low ("Womb With a View," with Willis playing Maddie's unborn fetus is disturbing on several levels). Just remember, Ted Williams only had a lifetime average of .344, and he's one of the greatest hitters in baseball history. Moonlighting swung for the fences every time, and it's no mystery why audiences still love it. —T.M.
Where to watch Moonlighting: Hulu
Cast: Cybill Shepherd, Bruce Willis, Allyce Beasley, Curtis Armstrong
Christopher Saunders/FX
Emma Corrin (The Crown) plays Darby Hart, a true crime author and self-taught detective who's thrilled when a tech billionaire (Clive Owen) invites her to an exclusive retreat at his isolated compound in Iceland. Obviously, it does not go great. It's bad enough when she realizes her ex-boyfriend is there, but then the bodies start dropping. This FX on Hulu series is a welcome fresh take on the classic murder mystery, made even better by frequent flashbacks to the gruesome case that made Hart a famous author. —T.M.
Where to watch A Murder at the End of the World: Hulu
Cast: Emma Corrin, Raúl Esparza, Harris Dickinson, Clive Owen, Joan Chen
FOX Image Collection/Getty
Who's that girl? It's Jess Day (Zooey Deschanel), a quirky schoolteacher who moves into an apartment with three guys: Nick (Jake Johnson), Schmidt (Max Greenfield), and Winston (Lamorne Morris), each of whom has his own set of quirks. As each roommate tries to figure out life in their late-20s and early-30s, they experience the many highs and lows of relationships of both the friendly and romantic variety. New Girl represents the best in hangout comedy, in which the characters are so authentically their flawed selves. —K.J.
Where to watch New Girl: Hulu
Cast: Zooey Deschanel, Jake Johnson, Max Greenfield, Lamorne Morris, Hannah Simone
This character-driven miniseries, adapted from Sally Rooney's gorgeously written novel of the same name, depicts the tumultuous nature of young love. Marianne (Daisy Edgar-Jones) and Connell (Paul Mescal) are classmates at an Irish secondary school whose different backgrounds — hers affluent, his working-class — complicate their burgeoning relationship. Over the years, they come together and drift apart, as the series delves into young adulthood with aching intimacy. —K.J.
Where to watch Normal People: Hulu
Cast: Daisy Edgar-Jones, Paul Mescal, Sarah Greene
Jeff Bridges stars on this engrossing FX drama as an ex-CIA operative thrust back into the fast-paced life he used to live. Killing an intruder who breaks into his Vermont home, Dan Chase (Bridges) goes on the run as he comes to realize his life is in grave danger. Expect plenty of twists and turns, particularly with Assistant Director of Counterintelligence Harold Harper (John Lithgow) — who has a complicated past with Chase — trying to track him down. Bridges earned an Emmy nomination for his work as a grizzled agent who proves he's still got it. —K.J.
Where to watch The Old Man: Hulu
Cast: Jeff Bridges, John Lithgow, E.J. Bonilla, Bill Heck, Leem Lubany, Alia Shawkat, Gbenga Akinnagbe, Amy Brenneman
Patrick Harbron/Hulu
The charm of this mystery-comedy begins with the three leads: Steve Martin, Martin Short, and Selena Gomez are an absolute delight as tenants of the death-prone Arconia apartment building who become podcasting, crime-solving besties. Each season is stuffed with guest stars who could possibly be the victim or the murderer (Paul Rudd, Amy Ryan, Tina Fey, Nathan Lane, and Meryl frickin' Streep, to name a few) but the recurring cast of Arconia eccentrics are just as good (special shout out to Jackie Hoffman, one of television's most reliable comedy curmudgeons).
The mysteries are fun but almost beside the point, and red herrings can take entire episodes. The joy of Only Murders, then, is in what the cases reveal about the all-too-human characters, not to mention the slapstick comedy and heartwarming friendship. Season 4 ended in October, already setting up the murder to be solved next. —T.M.
Where to watch Only Murders in the Building: Hulu
EW grade: B (read the review)
Cast: Steve Martin, Martin Short, Selena Gomez
Wilford Harwood/Hulu
When Nella Rogers (Sinclair Daniel) finally gains a fellow Black co-worker at Wagner Books, the young editorial assistant is delighted — until she's not. Horror-comedy has always been a natural vehicle to write about racism, and this Hulu show leans into the genre tropes to highlight the way micro- and macro-aggressions in the workplace can slowly break a person down.
Ashleigh Murray is great as Hazel, the colleague who starts as friend but becomes foe, and Daniel plays Nella's awakening to the truth about her cohort with a sincerity that humanizes the series' most bonkers twist. A parallel plot set in 1988 works with Nella's story to amp up the eeriness and remind the audience that the real horror is how little progress toward equality has been made. —T.M.
Where to watch The Other Black Girl: Hulu
Cast: Sinclair Daniel, Ashleigh Murray, Brittany Adebumola, Hunter Parrish, Bellamy Young, Eric McCormack
Brian Roedel/Disney
Paradise is a reunion of This Is Us creator Dan Fogelman and star Sterling K. Brown, but don't expect it to be all that similar (save for some time jumping). Brown stars on this addictive political thriller drama as Xavier, a Secret Service agent who tries to find answers after the unexpected death of the President of the United States. We don't want to spoil much more, though you should expect a shocking twist at the end of the premiere that recontextualizes everything you've just seen. EW's critic praises how Fogelman "unveils Paradise's massive surprise with the kind of skillful, unhurried confidence that will prompt many viewers to watch the episode again in search of clues they missed." —K.J.
Where to watch Paradise: Hulu
EW grade: B– (read the review)
Cast: Sterling K. Brown, James Marsden, Julianne Nicholson, Sarah Shahi, Nicole Brydon Bloom, Aliyah Mastin, Percy Daggs IV
Suzanne Tenner/FX
What's a serial killer to do when he wants to change but doesn't quite know how? For Kenny Chesney superfan Sam (Domhnall Gleeson), the answer is kidnapping his therapist Alan (Steve Carell). Chained in a finished basement, Alan spends his days thinking of his family, hallucinating his own therapy sessions with former mentor Charlie (David Alan Grier), and trying to get Sam to curb his deadly instincts. The miniseries is 10 episodes of thrilling tension, especially when Gleeson and Carell share the screen and subvert their characters' intentions. —T.M.
Where to watch The Patient: Hulu
Cast: Steve Carell, Domhnall Gleeson, Linda Emond
This emotional FX series gets 10s across the board. Pose depicts the tumultuous lives of a group of gay and trans friends living in 1980s and '90s New York City. Bonded by their struggle for acceptance and desire to live out loud, the community comes together as members of the Ballroom scene, while also grappling with the looming threat of AIDS. Pose was rightfully celebrated for its groundbreaking casting of primarily trans actors in substantial roles and its tribute to an important era in queer American history, but it's also a full-out fabulously entertaining character drama about found family. —K.J.
Where to watch Pose: Hulu
Cast: Michaela Jaé Rodriguez, Billy Porter, Indya Moore, Dominique Jackson, Ryan Jamaal Swain, Evan Peters, Kate Mara, James Van Der Beek
Jon Pack/Hulu
Comedian Ramy Youssef stars in (and often writes and directs) this comedy-drama as the titular New Jersey twentysomething trying to balance his first-generation Muslim identity with a millennial aimlessness. EW's critic called Ramy "essential viewing" for reasons both political (the rare television show about an American Muslim family) and creative (it's just really, really good). Hiam Abbass (Succession) is especially wonderful as Ramy's mother, Maysa, whose dissatisfaction is given whole episodes to explore. —T.M.
Where to watch Ramy: Hulu
EW grade: A– (read the review)
Cast: Ramy Youssef, Hiam Abbass, Amr Waked, May Calamawy
Shane Brown/FX
Not enough people have watched this marvelous comedy about four Native American teenagers (Devery Jacobs, D'Pharaoh Woon-A-Tai, Lane Factor, Paulina Alexis) reeling from the loss of their friend Daniel on an Oklahoma reservation. Created by Sterlin Harjo and Taika Waititi, the almost all-indigenous cast and crew used their background and wit to craft an authentic laugh-out-loud comedy that represents a multitude of Native experiences without cheapening the depth of loss, dispossession, poverty, resilience, and joy that affect these characters' lives.
Harjo intentionally ended Dogs after only three seasons, but those 28 episodes give us plenty of Rez to love, plus an acting master class from Oscar nominee Lily Gladstone as the incarcerated, grieving mother of Daniel. —T.M.
Where to watch Reservation Dogs: Hulu
EW grade: A– (read the review)
Cast: Devery Jacobs, D'Pharaoh Woon-A-Tai, Lane Factor, Paulina Alexis
"Racers, start your engines, and may the best drag queen win." So says the legendary RuPaul in this long-running reality series, which features contestants competing for the title of America's next drag superstar as they create gag-worthy (in a good way!) looks to impress the judges. It's addictive fun and fiercely competitive, so it's no wonder the series has since turned into a media empire. Seasons 9, 10, and 11 are available to stream in full on Hulu. —K.J.
Where to watch RuPaul's Drag Race: Hulu
Cast: RuPaul, Merle Ginsberg, Santino Rice, Michelle Visage, Billy B, Ross Mathews, Carson Kressley, Ts Madison
Rob Youngson/FX
This absorbing limited series, based on the book of the same name by Patrick Radden Keefe, delves into the Troubles conflict of Northern Ireand and the cost of war and silence. Say Nothing primarily follows a pair of sisters who were the first women to join the Irish Republican Army as well as the disappearance and murder of Jean McConville, telling a sprawling story that spans decades with authenticity and care. —K.J.
Where to watch Say Nothing: Hulu
Cast: Lola Petticrew, Hazel Doupe, Anthony Boyle, Josh Finan, Maxine Peake
Few series have exemplified the importance of allowing a show the patience to come into its own quite like Schitt's Creek. After a somewhat lukewarm first season, the Canadian comedy found its rhythm and became one of the most treasured TV comedies in recent years. Created by and starring father and son Eugene and Dan Levy, Schitt's Creek follows the formerly affluent Rose family, who lose their riches and find themselves living in a motel in the titular town. Best wishes and warmest regards on your binge-watch. —K.J.
Where to watch Schitt's Creek: Hulu
Cast: Eugene Levy, Catherine O'Hara, Dan Levy, Annie Murphy, Chris Elliott
BBC/Hartswood Films for Masterpiece
Fans of author Arthur Conan Doyle's brilliant detective Sherlock Holmes have plenty of film and TV adaptations worth watching, and this BBC series is among the top. Benedict Cumberbatch stars as the title character, with the action transported to modern-day London as Holmes solves seemingly impossible mysteries alongside his confidant, John Watson (Martin Freeman). Bolstered by sharp writing and crackling chemistry between Cumberbatch and Freeman, Sherlock is a brainy yet entertaining watch. —K.J.
Where to watch Sherlock: Hulu
Cast: Benedict Cumberbatch, Martin Freeman
Katie Yu/FX
If you're of a certain age, you remember Shōgun as the massive paperback your mom lugged around one summer, or perhaps the swoony 1980 miniseries starring Richard Chamberlain. This FX version is a welcome update.
Sure, English sailor John Blackthorne (Cosmo Jarvis) still accidentally shipwrecks himself into the middle of a feudal power dispute in 1600s Japan, but his story is equally entwined with Lord Yoshii Toranaga (Hiroyuki Sanada), the regent trying to survive his ouster from the ruling council, and Toda Mariko (Anna Sawai), the translator with a disgraced lineage and a star-crossed romance with Blackthorne. At various points, the politics and humor will remind you of Succession and the scope will bring Game of Thrones to mind, but EW's critic argues Shōgun stands alone as "a stunning epic that never lets big-budget set pieces overshadow the human drama at its core." —T.M.
Where to watch Shōgun: Hulu
EW grade: A– (read the review)
Cast: Hiroyuki Sanada, Cosmo Jarvis, Anna Sawai, Tadanobu Asano
Gerry Kingsley/Hulu
Absolutely no one was requesting a spinoff of Letterkenny’s most foul-mouthed, never-actually-seen character Shoresy, but goes to show what we know, eh? A one-note gag in the original series, Shoresy (writer and creator Jared Keeso) is a solid hockey player but an even better "chirper" who lobs vicious insults to get under the opposition's skin. In his solo outing, the athlete finds himself in Sudbury, home of the miserably bad Triple-A Bulldogs. The team's owner Nat (Tasya Teles) is ready to fold the franchise, but uber-competitive Shoresy instead convinces her that he can revamp the roster and "never lose again."
Suddenly, we're in a classic sports underdog story, albeit with some extremely low-brow punchlines and a healthy amount of male-gaziness. But there's also a sweetness at its core, and watching how much the team comes to mean to both Shoresy and the Sudbury locals will hit you like a puck to the teeth. Season 4 just concluded in February, with a fifth on the way. —T.M.
Where to watch Shoresy: Hulu
Cast: Jared Keeso, Tasya Teles, Harlan Blayne Kytwayhat, Blair Lamora
Patrick McElhenney/FX 
It’s been long assumed that the (admittedly) terrible title kept audiences away from this wise-cracking detective show, so let's get this out of the way: Terriers is not about dogs. The name is a metaphor for the scrappy, tenacious unlicensed private detectives at the center of the show: Hank (Donal Logue), the ex-cop with an alcohol addiction, and his ex-con best friend Bitt (Michael Raymond-James). The two are broke, cynical, and miserable, mostly by way of their own making, but they're also smart, funny, and hate a bully. The case they stumble into is full of noir-level corruption, but luckily there's enough of a resolution that these 13 episodes are still worth watching. —T.M.
Where to watch Terriers: Hulu
Cast: Donal Logue, Michael Raymond-James
Mitchell Haddad/NBC/NBCU Photo Bank via Getty Images
Family dramas are a TV staple dating back to the medium's early days. This six-season NBC series is one of the most defining of the modern era, following the Pearson family through generations. This Is Us primarily centers on Kevin (Justin Hartley), Kate (Chrissy Metz), and their adopted brother Randall (Sterling K. Brown), as they go through life, love, and loss. Then there are their parents, Jack (Milo Ventimiglia) and Rebecca (Mandy Moore), whose once-in-a-lifetime love defined their family's future. Funny and heartbreaking in equal measure, This Is Us may be unabashedly sentimental, but it earns your tears. —K.J.
Where to watch This Is Us: Hulu
EW grade: B (read the review)
Cast: Milo Ventimiglia, Mandy Moore, Sterling K. Brown, Chrissy Metz, Justin Hartley, Susan Kelechi Watson, Chris Sullivan
Disney
While not the easiest watch, this miniseries based on the real-life murder of 14-year-old Reena Virk in British Columbia is a powerful exploration of teenage bullying and racism. Riley Keough plays Rebecca, a journalist investigating the murder through interviews with Reena's peers, many of them having subjected her to ruthless cruelty. Rebecca also forges an uneasy alliance with Cam (Lily Gladstone in an Emmy-nominated performance), a local police officer with whom she shares a tumultuous past. "With Under the Bridge," writes EW's critic, "the justice is yet another tragedy — more young lives destroyed to pay for one so pointlessly taken." —K.J.
Where to watch Under the Bridge: Hulu
EW grade: B– (read the review)
Cast: Lily Gladstone, Riley Keough, Vritika Gupta, Chloe Guidry, Javon "Wanna" Walton, Izzy G, Aiyana Goodfellow, Ezra Faroque Khan, Archie Panjabi
Starz Entertainment
The two sisters at the center of this three-season Starz comedy-drama are polar opposites. Lyn (Melissa Barrera) is a San Francisco-based free spirit and Emma (Mishel Prada) is a Chicago corporate shark. When their mother Vida dies suddenly, they reluctantly return to Boyle Heights, Calif., to bury her and deal with the family bar. But a quick sale is out of the question when they discover it's in debt and co-owned by Eddy (Ser Anzoategui), who was absolutely more than Mom's roommate. Vida is a sharp, funny show about gentrification, family, and what it means to come home. —T.M.
Where to watch Vida: Hulu
EW grade: B (read the review)
Cast: Melissa Barrera, Mishel Prada, Ser Anzoategui
Pari Dukovic/FX
The vampire subgenre isn't dead just yet. Adapted from Jemaine Clement and Taika Waititi's mockumentary film of the same name, What We Do in the Shadows follows four vampires (three traditional, one energy) who live together in a Staten Island house. Then there's Guillermo (Harvey Guillén), a human "familiar" who faithfully serves Nandor (Kayvan Novak) while desperately hoping to be turned by him. Much of the comedy stems from the centuries-old vampires dealing with the modern world, as Guillermo does his best to save them from themselves. —K.J.
Where to watch What We Do in the Shadows: Hulu
Cast: Kayvan Novak, Matt Berry, Natasia Demetriou, Harvey Guillén, Mark Proksch
Virginia Sherwood/USA Network/NBCU Photo Bank/NBCUniversal via Getty 
If you've finished Suits and are looking for your next wry, frothy binge, we've got you covered. Peter Burke (Tim DeKay) of the FBI White Collar Crimes Unit is the lawman who caught Neal Caffrey (Matt Bomer), an international art-forger and con artist. When circumstances lead them to work together, the agent and newly minted criminal consultant tackle the various white-collar crimes of New York City.
Bomer and DeKay make for a charming pair, and each comes with a best friend who adds to the fun; Elizabeth (Tiffani Thiessen) is Peter's wife who adores Neal, and Mozzie (Willie Garson) is Neal's criminal buddy who loathes law enforcement. Heists, jewelry thieves, and underground auctions abound, plus Neal's love of all things vintage means you’ll still get to see some great suits. —T.M.
Where to watch White Collar: Hulu
Cast: Matt Bomer, Tim DeKay, Tiffani Thiessen, Willie Garson
Read the original article on Entertainment Weekly
Kayne West's wife dropped jaws with her barely-there look.
Jost wondered what would possess the president to do this during the latest edition of "Weekend Update."
Kim Kardashian has our jaws quite literally on the floor thanks to a nude bodysuit that has her looking so snatched we can barely cope. Check out the pics...
The 'Overboard' actress penned a heartbreaking tribute following the sad news.
"I think it's time everyone who voted for Trump admit that we made a f****** mess."
The Prince and Princess of Wales’ only daughter has hit double digits!
One of the four people being touted to succeed Peter Dutton in the Liberal leadership has broken her silence since Saturday’s shocking loss.
Teal independent Zali Steggall has been forced to justify her role as a crossbencher after Labor’s landslide election victory on Saturday.
Travellers considering this popular route have been urged to reconsider.
If you see this in the ocean, it can only mean one thing.
"Trump is a man of deep conviction in the same way that Dr Phil is a real doctor."
Florence Pugh has been busy promoting her latest film, Thunderbolts*, with an array of sexy, all-leather outfits. Now, she's back at it - check out the pics!
"I caught my boyfriend of more than two years cheating while I was in the hospital, having just given birth to our baby hours before. His (not-so-ex) wife called my phone asking if the newborn in the photo was his."
Police have revealed a major update in their investigation into an Easter Sunday brawl that left a father-of-six dead on a busy Melbourne street.
They just announced it!
Aussie drivers were left wondering about the significance of the unusually painted roadside marker. Find out what it means.
This is not your typical backyard barbecue.
The US State Department has criticised the Australian government for ‘censorship’, after an anti-trans activist’s X posts were geo-blocked for being “offensive”.
Mexican President Claudia Sheinbaum revealed on Saturday that she had rejected President Donald Trump‘s offer of troops to help combat drug trafficking in Mexico, saying, “Sovereignty is not for sale.” Responding to a Friday report from The Wall Street Journal that Trump was pressuring Mexico to allow for further U.S. involvement in combating drug cartels, Sheinbaum described a tense phone call shared with her northern counterpart last month. “He said, ‘How can we help you fight drug trafficking
The Duchess shared the image just hours after Harry reignited tensions with the Royal Family by publicly criticising them