Sign up to get insider stories, advice, and a first look at how we’re tackling poverty across the UK.  
Brad Kella, winner of The Piano, has spoken to Big Issue about his new record deal, the dramatic change in his life following his victory, and why he is performing at Labour Party conference
Brad Kella. Image: John Johnson
When Brad Kella won Channel 4 talent contest The Piano in June, it was a triumph of hope, talent and resilience over adversity. Four years earlier, the self-taught classical pianist from Liverpool had been homeless. But at the Royal Albert Hall, his performance of Eve & Frank – a piece of music he had written as a tribute to the foster parents that raised him from the age of seven – won over judges and the audience at home. Now his life is transformed.
“Every day has been a whirlwind,” Kella said, when he called Big Issue from Liverpool. “I never expected anything like this to happen to me. I even got to work with Liverpool Football Club, which was like a dream.
“I was invited to the Legends Lounge at Liverpool Football Club for their first home game this season and opened their new trophy room. It was absolutely unbelievable. I even got a signed shirt by Liverpool legend Ian Rush.”
Now Kella has signed to Liverpool’s most exciting record label, is playing in the city during this week’s Labour Party conference, and has just announced that he will be playing a huge homecoming show at Liverpool Philharmonic Hall in November.
It’s all quite a turnaround for the talented 23-year-old. 
And he’s keen to use his new platform to inspire young people in care, people experiencing homelessness, and to advocate for better provision of music education. 
“I’m playing two times at Labour Party conference and I will give a little speech prior to each performance,” he said. “So I’m hoping to have a good time. I’m not used to being in such a high class environment – it’s gonna be full of a lot of prestigious people.”
Keir Starmer’s promise in his conference speech that all young care leavers will have “a guaranteed roof over their head” may well have been music to Kella’s ears. But he knows political promises need constant monitoring. 
“I never speak too soon on anything political,” Kella said. “Only because there’s no certainty at all, which we’ve learned from the past – words can mean nothing out of some of these mouths. 
“But I want to see kids who’ve been in the care system given a chance to explore different pathways of reaching their dreams. It’d be amazing for these kids to have a place to go and people around them to give them confidence they can absorb and take into the future. Whether that’s through music, education or both.
“These kids need a bit of extra attention because of what they’ve been through. So it’d be great for the kids like myself who’ve been through the care system to have that bit of extra support that can guide them into a brighter future. That’s what I’m hoping to hear about.”
Kella has signed to record label Modern Sky, home of The Coral, Miles Kane, The Lottery Winners and Jamie Webster.
“I met Jamie at one of his shows,” said Kella. “I think what he’s done for the city and for the working class of our cities has been absolutely unbelievable. Not only that, his music’s absolutely amazing.
“I feel absolutely privileged to be a part of the team. Dave Pichilingi [Modern Sky’s CEO], is an amazing guy. He’s helped me out. He’s helped my family out massively. I already feel like I am part of a family there. They’ve looked after me in ways I can’t imagine and given me opportunities I can’t fathom. The future’s looking so bright now.”
Brad Kella has already released his debut single on the label. Eve & Frank, the song that helped him win The Piano, is a tribute to his foster parents.
“My foster parents got me a piano growing up. That was my release. It was my escape from everything and literally saved my life. There is no other way of putting it. It’s the one thing I could always look forward to doing,” said Kella.
“It was dedicated to them because of everything they’ve done for me. I wouldn’t be in this situation without them, so it is basically a thank you token for everything they’ve done for me.”
Kella recorded the song at the legendary RAK Studios in London, where work is already underway on his debut album.
“We went to RAK studios up in London. I couldn’t believe I was even allowed to play there, because some of the greats recorded there. A lot of the big ones have recorded there, like Michael Jackson and David Bowie. So the fact that I can be added to that list was absolutely unbelievable. And the single is sounding unbelievable as well,” he said.
“Rosie Danvers has worked with Kanye West, Adele, Coldplay – all of these amazing people she has done the strings for. And she composed all the strings for my piano pieces. So I was in really good hands.
“Honestly, I’m over the moon with how it is coming along. It’s sounding better than I could ever, ever imagine. It’s going to be an amazing, amazing cinematic album. I can’t wait for the album to get released now, because I’m very proud of my work.”
Kella also revealed his longer-term grand plans to change the record when it comes to classical piano.
“People would see me in my tracksuits in Lime Street station and be surprised I could even play the piano,” he said. “But never judge a book by its cover until you actually open the book and read it. I want to show people that there’s so many levels to classical music. 
“I want to entwine it with film music and create my own sound – like Ludovici Einaudi and Yann Tiersen, these neo classical artists. And I want to be part of the next big thing regarding the piano. I truly believe I can get there. Because I used the winning the show as a stepping stone in the direction of where I wanted to be. 
“I’ve always dreamt of getting my own music out there and working with big companies to produce it. And now it’s all happening. I’m absolutely over the moon.”
Brad Kella’s debut single Eve & Frank is out now on Modern Sky. Tickets for his homecoming show at Liverpool Philharmonic Hall on November 29 are available here
Big Issue is demanding an end to extreme poverty. Will you ask your MP to join us?
Do you have a story to tell or opinions to share about this? Get in touch and tell us more. Big Issue exists to give homeless and marginalised people the opportunity to earn an income. To support our work buy a copy of the magazine or get the app from the App Store or Google Play.
Never miss an issue
By signing up, you agree to our privacy policy and terms of use, and to receive
										messages from the Big Issue and our partners.
Awards & Accreditations
For each subscription to the magazine, we’ll provide a vendor with a reusable water bottle, making it easier for them to access cold water on hot days.