Please refresh the page or navigate to another page on the site to be automatically logged inPlease refresh your browser to be logged in
Fuller, who created shows including ‘Hannibal’ and ‘American Gods’, has left over creative differences 
I would like to be emailed about offers, events and updates from The Independent. Read our Privacy notice
The Friday the 13th prequel series that is being developed by A24 for Peacock has lost its showrunner over creative differences.
Bryan Fuller, who previously created shows including Hannibal and American Gods, had been announced to head up the series when it was first commissioned in 2022.
However, earlier today Fuller wrote on X/Twitter that he is parting ways with the project. 
“Adapting classic horror is something I have some experience with,” he wrote. “These shows require a vision that elevates and transforms, as well as delivers what audiences have come to expect, which is an ambitious and risky endeavor. It requires people to take the leap with me.
“When it works, as with Hannibal, the results can be powerful for the storytellers and the audience. I couldn’t be more proud of the work my co-showrunner Jim Danger Gray and I were able to accomplish with our brilliant writing staff despite the challenges we faced.
“For reasons beyond our control, A24 has elected to go a different way with the material. We hope the final product will be something Friday the 13th fans all over the world will enjoy.”
According to reports in Variety, A24 and Peacock hope to find a new showrunner as soon as possible. Production has not yet begun and no casting has taken place.
Last October, Fuller was sued for alleged sexual harassment by a fellow producer with whom he worked on a 2022 AMC queer horror docuseries.
In a lawsuit filed with the Los Angeles County Superior Court, Sam Wineman accused Fuller, 54, of making persistent references to masturbation, engaging in casual bullying and fostering a hostile work environment.
Via his lawyer, Fuller vehemently denied the allegations, calling Wineman a “pathological liar”.
According to the documents seen by The Independent, Wineman alleged that Fuller sexually assaulted him several times, doing so “under the guise” of “cracking his back”. At which point, Fuller would allegedly “completely restrict” Wineman from movement as he pressed his penis against Wineman’s buttocks, holding it there so that he could feel it through the fabric of Fuller’s trousers.
Watch Apple TV+ free for 7 day
New subscribers only. £8.99/mo. after free trial. Plan auto-renews until cancelled.
ADVERTISEMENT. If you sign up to this service we will earn commission. This revenue helps to fund journalism across The Independent.
Watch Apple TV+ free for 7 day
New subscribers only. £8.99/mo. after free trial. Plan auto-renews until cancelled.
ADVERTISEMENT. If you sign up to this service we will earn commission. This revenue helps to fund journalism across The Independent.
Wineman and Fuller, who are both gay, worked together on the four-part docuseries Queer for Fear: The History of Queer Horror, which released on AMC’s Shudder streaming service in 2022.
Wineman claimed that he was removed from the project in August 2021, around four weeks after he complained about Fuller’s conduct.
Join thought-provoking conversations, follow other Independent readers and see their replies
Please refresh the page or navigate to another page on the site to be automatically logged inPlease refresh your browser to be logged in