Manage your account
The victim of Chris Brown's alleged London assault, Amadou Abe Diaw, wants the singer to dole out the big bucks. 
New court documents obtained by The Blast reveal that Diaw is asking for $16 million in damages. It comes months after Diaw accused Brown of attacking him with a liquor bottle last year.
Diaw has filed an entry of default against Brown, seemingly hinting that the singer failed to respond to a lawsuit or legal claim within the specified time frame. 
In light of that, he is requesting that the 34-year-old pay him $1 million in special damages and $15 million in general damages.
Recall that The Blast obtained the accuser's initial filing against Brown in October 2023, asserting that he sustained lacerations on his head and torn ligaments in his leg, resulting in hospitalization following an altercation with Brown at a London nightclub. 
The altercation allegedly involved the "Under the Influence" singer smashing a bottle of Don Julio 1942 Tequila over the accuser's head. He then allegedly proceeded to "ruthlessly stomp" on the "defenseless" victim.
After releasing this information, the rapper departed the country, leading the lawsuit to characterize him as a "fugitive at large" in the United Kingdom. 
While the alleged victim avoided mentioning a specific amount for damages in the legal claim, he did make reference to hospitalization and medical expenses.
He also claimed in the filing that the incident transpired in the early hours of February 19, 2023, during Brown's 2023 "Under the Influence" Tour.
One month before details of the physical assault drama in London surfaced, the "New Flame" hitmaker was hit with a suit from City National Bank [CNB].
As we learned at the time, the financial institution was pursuing repayment on a loan extended to the Grammy Awards winner and associates for the acquisition of two fast-food establishments. 
In the filing, CNB alleged that it granted Brown a $2 million loan, alongside several others, including rapper The Dream, with the intention of investing in two Popeyes restaurants.
According to the documents obtained by The Blast, "As of February 17, 2023, Borrower and Guarantors owe $2,140,901.74 in unpaid principal and interest."
The bank further shared that Brown was a personal guarantor of the loan and had been made responsible for the repayment. Unfortunately for the hitmaker, the situation presented a challenge as a judgment had already been entered in favor of the bank in a Georgia court. 
In essence, the Los Angeles case was merely an attempt by the bank to enforce the money — 1,314,367.40 — they have already been awarded through the lawsuit.
For better understanding, the lawsuit technically originated from Georgia, but CNB opted to file the case in Los Angeles Courts, likely due to Brown's residency in the area.
Like the dancer's history with legal issues, he is also not new to the restaurant business. He reportedly owns 14 Burger King restaurants in Virginia, his home state. 
All these restaurants seemingly contribute to Brown's net worth, which is estimated to be between $50 million and $150 million, depending on the source. 
With that much money in the bank, paying off his CNB debt may not pose a significant challenge for him.
Even though The Dream seemed to be facing a similar situation, it has remained uncertain if the bank is pursuing action against him as well. 
It is possible that his residence in a different state could prompt CNB to seek collection through a separate court.
Stepping away from his legal scandals, Brown previously faced criticism after social media users saw a video of him spending time with Kanye West last November.
In the clip, the musician duo are depicted listening to Ye's hit single, "Vultures," featuring Lil Durk and TY Dolla $ign. Since the track had stirred significant controversy due to Ye's, "How am I antisemitic? I just f—d a Jewish b—," viewers immediately dubbed Brown an antisemitism ally.
"Let the record industry chew on this. Let them never EVER work again," one person clamored, as another referred to Brown and Ye as "the two most problematic rappers of all time." 
Even Tanya Zuckerbrot, a Jewish businesswoman, openly called out the music industry icons, describing them as a pair of "sick, masochistic, and antisemitic f—–."
Amid the backlash, a supposedly upset Brown took to his Instagram Story to shut down the critics. He began:
"Let me make this perfectly clear before y'all try to use me as a pawn … Ima a Piru, I aint Muslim or Jewish so don't start no s— wont be no s—!!!"
The BET Awards recipient added, "Im trying to be peaceful but please do not wake up the demon in me! … Go on about your f—— day." 
Brown returned with another message to his Instastories, emphasizing, "I'm pro life and I make music for the entire world!!!!!! So please do not get tricked into thinking I spread hate or am kool with it! This is for the millions of young kids that look up to [me] and [may] be confused."