This is the last week the Post-Star will be sharing your political Letters to the Editor before elections.
Letters that deal with ballots, propositions, endorsements, and the election in general must be received by Thursday, Oct. 24, 4p.m. Other letters that deal with topics other than the election will continue to be printed as we get them.
The letters will be printed in the Post-Star print edition on Thursday Oct. 24 as much as we can fit. However, we will be posting letters in the e-Edition on Wednesday Oct. 23 and Friday Oct. 25, if needed.
The reason is simple: In-person, early voting begins Saturday Oct. 26, and we want to make sure that our letters and opinions are finished as people begin to vote.
Politically-focused letters will resume after Nov. 6, in the Nov. 9 print edition of the Post-Star. – Editors
Editor:
Kristy Sprague has been an outstanding Essex County District Attorney for the past 15 years. Since 2009, she has successfully prosecuted numerous cases involving homicides, sexual assault and abuse, animal cruelty and crimes against children our most vulnerable population. Kristy has a special compassion for children and spends a lot of time sitting with them and reassuring them.
Kristy has received numerous awards for her advocacy for child and senior abuse victims. Her work ethic is outstanding and admirable. She is well suited to become the next Essex County County, Family and Surrogate Court Judge. I offer my full support and urge all of my friends and colleagues to support Kristy Sprague for Essex County Judge.
Michael Diskin
Essex County Treasurer
Editor:
According to Trump cities are ravaged by crime. Violent migrants invade, illegally voting in elections, taking jobs from Blacks and Latinos. Biden/Harris destroyed America–as if legislation investing in infrastructure, cutting child poverty in half, lowering drug prices, bringing manufacturing, thousands of jobs here, incentivizing green energy…were evil.
“You are entitled to your opinions but not your facts.” Crimes in cities has decreased, voting illegally by noncitizens is nonexistent. Immigrants commit few crimes, have enriched communities, and worked where there was great need. Republican dominated states have focused on restricting voting rights, restricting women’s right to choose and trans right to be–laws that harm and kill. They’ve banned books, limited curriculum, silenced debate over assault weapons and climate change.
Hurricane Helene walloped 7 states–storm surges, winds, destruction. Biden immediately approved emergency declarations. NOAA forecasted weather and monitored conditions, and Fema efficiently organized responses until Trump’s lies, accusing Fema of giving funds to migrants and criminals, endangered lives of Fema workers. Project 2025 proposes slashing Fema’s budget and dismantling NOAA’s hurricane warnings, declaring them part of the “climate change alarm industry harmful to future US prosperity.”
Whose prosperity? What harms? Trump’s vicious lies rouse hatred at election polls, endanger legal immigrants and peaceful towns, create violence everywhere.
Scientific American: “Trump ignores the climate crisis. He requires federal officials show personal loyalty to him rather than upholding US laws…filling positions with unqualified ideologues.” Comparing candidates’ records on health care, abortion, guns, environment and technology, they conclude: “only one is a vote for reality and integrity– Kamala Harris.”
741 bipartisan national security leaders wrote: “This election is a choice between serious leadership and vengeful impulsiveness… democracy and authoritarianism. Vice President Harris defends America’s democratic ideals while former President Trump endangers them. Kamala Harris would make an excellent Commander in Chief.”
Bernice Mennis
Fort Ann
Editor:
I am fully committed to supporting equal rights across New York State. However, as a recent Wall Street Journal article pointed out, when the government begins to create new rights, it’s crucial to ensure that the rights we already have are protected.
The so-called NYS Constitutional Equal Rights Amendment fails to safeguard essential rights such as parental rights, business owners’ rights, and the rights of medical and religious professionals. It also overlooks the rights of New York State citizens, who will ultimately bear the financial burden of this poorly written and overly vague amendment.
There is no real need for these additions. New York already has comprehensive civil rights and human rights laws that ban discrimination based on sex, gender identity, age, disability, and other characteristics in employment, public accommodations, housing, and non-sectarian schools. Regarding “reproductive autonomy,” state law already codifies Roe v. Wade, allowing abortion through the third trimester with a doctor’s approval.
Furthermore, the potential impact on the state budget due to prohibiting discrimination based on national origin cannot be understated. This provision would extend state benefits to anyone residing in New York, regardless of immigration status. The state already allocates more than $3 billion to support undocumented immigrants—imagine how much that would increase if this amendment passes.
The claim that this amendment won’t alter existing state laws is simply false. The state constitution supersedes state law, meaning any law that conflicts with the new amendment would be deemed unconstitutional and invalidated.
This amendment is so poorly written that even its authors sought court intervention to clarify its intent. Constitutional amendments need to be clear and concise. This one is neither, as evidenced by the ongoing claims and counterclaims on both sides of the issue.
I do not support this proposal and will vote “no” on the resolution.
Tim McNulty
Queensbury
The writer is a member of the Queensbury Town Board and is the Warren County Republican Committee chair.
Editor:
I am Proud to Support Congresswoman Elise Stefanik.
I am writing to express my utmost support for my Congresswoman, Elise Stefanik. Elise has delivered time and time again to the elderly and veteran folks across NY21. This has proved vital in times when our leaders such as Governor Hochul and Vice President Harris have failed to deliver for New Yorkers. Congresswoman Stefanik has brought millions of dollars in Social Security and Medicare benefits to those across the North Country, in addition to helping funding for programs that have helped rural seniors and veterans throughout the Adirondacks. In this upcoming election, I am proud to throw my support behind Congresswoman Stefanik to represent New York’s 21st Congressional District.
Everett Noakes
Greenfield Center
Editor:
Essex County is lucky to have someone like Kristy Sprague running for judge. She’s not just an experienced prosecutor; she’s also an Essex County native and someone who truly cares about the people here in the North Country. Over the years, she’s fought hard for victims, stood up for justice, and made sure the law is applied fairly.
Kristy’s work in setting up programs like the Child Advocacy Center shows her dedication to helping those who need it most. Her experience and her deep ties to this community make her the best choice for Essex County Judge.
I trust Kristy to make fair and thoughtful decisions from the bench. Please join me in voting for Kristy Sprague this election!
John E. Gereau
Westport
Editor:
Kristy Sprague will make an excellent County Court, Family Court, Surrogate’s Court Judge. Kristy’s strengths are her long experience as a court room advocate and as an attorney who met many people face to face and listened to their stories. Being a good judge requires the kind of experience that connects the law to the people involved.
Favor Smith
Wilmington Town
Supervisor
Editor:
To all those who have not made a plan to vote, I urge you to do so. Check your registration, register to vote; the deadline is October 21, 2024. It is not difficult.
The leopards plan to eat your face. whether or not your rights are *currently* being undermined or removed, know that they will be. Fascism is at our doorstep whether you want to acknowledge it or not.
Project 2025 is a roadmap that includes eroding the rights of the majority of people the like of which ‘we’ lack the capacity to imagine.
Dan Stec, Elise Stefanik et al emphatically support a narcissistic, racist, misogynistic, criminal who foments the most violent, hateful aspects of humanity. He literally attempted a coup. Ask yourself, why? Why do they, you support him? The answer if one of two reasons- fear of him/ his supporters and the consequences of not getting in line or they care only about the power in controlling the lives of those they purport to represent.
Do not be fooled. The leopards will eat your face. They will take your rights as a human being from you.
Vote your conscience, for your neighbors, your children and grandchildren. Vote for the wellbeing. Enough of the chaos, fear, violence and tedium. Enough.
Jessica LaSarso
Queensbury
Editor:
As a lifelong Republican I cannot vote for Donald Trump. Trump is a huckster and pathological liar caring only about himself. Trump mocks & belittles others poisoning our Civic culture by creating unprecedented hostility and violence.
Trump’s big lie about a stolen 2020 election has no credibility.
Trump’s economic policies are large tax breaks for the wealthy & removing regulations protecting the environment.
Trump is a conspiracy theory spreader: Haitian immigrants are eating the dogs & cats, windmill noise causes cancer, bleach cures Covid…
Trump’s lies: the wall will be built by Mexico! Immigrants bringing drugs, crime, they’re rapists…they’re “poisoning the blood of our country”
Trump is no patriot! He dodged the draft & undermines democratic institutions. Trump’s bromance with Vladimir Putin! He’ll end the Ukraine-Russian War in 1 day by handing it to Putin.
Trump’s contempt for John McCain: “he’s a war hero because he was captured.” Former Chief of Staff Kelley, confirmed Trump called dead veterans “suckers”.
Trump is the poster child for corporate greed: filed for multiple bankruptcies, leaving a trail of unpaid debts & failed ventures.
Trump dines with extremists – anti-Semite Kanye West & white supremacist & Holocaust denier Nick Fuentes.
Trump considers climate change a hoax & fake news. “Drill baby drill” shows that he doesn’t care about our planet.
If not elected, Trump stated he will declare the election rigged, leading to another January 6th only worse!
The extremist “Project 2025” is a blueprint for dismantling democracy in a Trump presidency.
Former VP Pence cannot in good conscience endorse Trump. The same goes for Trump’s former White House Defense Secretary Esper, former National Security Adviser Bolton and many others.
This is not the Republican Party it is a Trumplican cult. Another Trump term: catastrophic for our country, the world and our planet.
Roger Freidman
Schroon Lake
Editor:
I am writing to express my strong endorsement of Kristy Sprague for Essex County judge. As the former North Elba Town Supervisor , I had the privilege of witnessing firsthand Kristy’s exceptional dedication and enthusiasm in her role as Essex County District Attorney. Kristy Sprague embodies the essential qualities required for an outstanding judge: intelligence, common sense, extensive courtroom experience, a respectful demeanor and a genuine desire to serve our community. Her 26-year career in public service, including 14 years as Essex County district attorney, has prepared her exceptionally well for this position. Throughout her tenure, Kristy has demonstrated an unwavering commitment to justice and public safety. She has not only effectively prosecuted criminal offenses but has also shown remarkable leadership in addressing critical issues facing our county. Her efforts in combating illegal drugs, protecting children from abuse, and safeguarding our senior citizens are particularly noteworthy. Kristy’s dedication extends beyond the courtroom. She has been instrumental in establishing vital programs such as Essex County’s first Multi- Disciplinary Team for child sexual abuse investigations and the county’s first DWI Victim Impact Panel. As a respected citizen of our county and a devoted mother of two, Kristy brings a valuable perspective to the bench. Her tireless advocacy for our judicial system, combined with her deep roots in the community, makes her an ideal candidate for this position. It is worth noting that if elected, Kristy would make history as the first woman judge in Essex County. This milestone would be a testament to her exceptional qualifications and the progress of our community. I urge all voters to carefully consider Kristy Sprague’s outstanding qualifications and vote for her on Election Day. As Essex County Judge she would undoubtedly serve the best interests of our community’s justice system.
Roby Politi
Lake Placid
Editor:
I hesitated to write this letter because I have not lived in Glens Falls for over 50 years, but I grew up there and still have family there. I love this little city, and I especially love the good changes and revitalization I have seen over recent years. Unfortunately, I witnessed firsthand the rampant and visionless over-development of Queensbury and the resulting demise of Glens Falls’ once thriving downtown. In case this sounds like “just another old person who doesn’t like change,” please understand I actually DO like change — no change means stagnation. However, change just for the sake of change is never good, and change that has not been well thought out is even worse.
Mr. Patten seems to have missed the point of folks not wanting 391 Glen Street and the house next to it torn down. He cannot replace these buildings with a redesign of his plans for a new, modern apartment building. The issue is about keeping the historic and architecturally beautiful buildings in Glens Falls intact, and repurposing them. This is good change! Peter Hoffman, Erik Unkauf, and Tom O’Neil are three perfect examples of this – they have, over the years, bought existing buildings, upgraded and repurposed them, made them beautiful again, and given them new life. Glens Falls should be encouraging this type of development and not the type brought forth by folks like Mr. Patten. Once the old buildings are gone, they can never be replaced.
I was appalled when I saw Mr. Patten’s apartment complex being built on Washington Street and I am still appalled by it. It reminds me of when the beautiful old insurance building was demolished and a “wannabe” skyscraper was built a little further north to house the insurance company along with other businesses. Is this the look that’s wanted for Glens Falls? Because it is not architecturally correct for this city.
It’s my understanding that there are now a number of empty spaces in the Travelers building. If that’s the case, why doesn’t Mr. Patten buy that building and turn it into apartments? Or better yet, why doesn’t Mr. Patten build apartment buildings in his hometown of South Glens Falls? Surely it would serve the same purpose since it’s a quick easy trip across the bridge for folks to get to Glens Falls. Also, it seems as though there are still empty apartments in the complex on Washington Street, as witnessed by the “Now Leasing” flags flying outside of it. So, why then, does the city need yet another apartment complex that does not fit the aesthetics of Glens Falls?
Demolishing old buildings and replacing them with new, architecturally insignificant “cookie cutter” apartment buildings is very short sighted and, in the end, will destroy the beauty, charm, and integrity of this great little city. I hope the city leaders will think long and hard about this and make the decisions that no one will regret in twenty or one hundred years from now.
Aggy Duveen
Hebron, NY
Editor:
Essex County Government has been fortunate to have had a long history of excellent public servants. From local town officials to our countywide officials, every level of government has produced selfless individuals who go above and beyond to serve the people of their communities. Many individuals make a career here in the mountains and forgo opportunities elsewhere to serve the public and the places where they live.
Our public servants are well respected not only locally but regionally. Our District Attorney Kristy Sprague is one of those public servants. Serving as our District Attorney these past 15 years, Kristy embodies what it means to be a dedicated public servant.
Raised in Moriah, Kristy went to school there, worked odd jobs to put herself through college and law school and returned there to raise her family. Being a dedicated public servant while raising a family takes sacrifice and dedication. Kristy has proven that she has what it takes to continue to serve the people of Essex County. She has been endorsed by over a dozen Supervisors and Law Enforcement.
With our current Judge retiring after 18 years on the bench, Essex County Voters have an opportunity on November 5th to elect a new County Judge. I encourage you to review Kristy’s history of public service and record of accomplishments by visiting her website. I hope you come to the same conclusion that many of us already have, Kristy Sprague is the right and only choice to serve as Essex County Judge for the next 10 years and has earned our support for this important position. Please join us in voting for Kristy Sprague for Essex County Judge.
Bill McGahay
North Elba
I proudly endorse...
Editor:
I proudly endorse Kristy Sprague for Essex County Judge. With a stellar background, unwavering commitment to justice, and a proven record of community service, Kristy is the ideal candidate to uphold fairness and equality on the bench. Her integrity, empathy, and legal expertise make her an outstanding choice for the position. Vote Kristy Sprague for Essex County Judge – a dedicated advocate for justice.
Matthew Brassard
Moriah Town Supervisor
In desperate
need of a judge
Editor:
Essex County desperately needs a Judge who has intensive experience in all aspects of justice, law enforcement, jurisprudence, court administration, victim services, and community interaction. Kristy Sprague possesses all that and an unquestionably brilliant legal mind. She has the talent, energy, leadership, and administrative skills to finally ensure that our courts are run efficiently and effectively and ensuring that all that come before her are guaranteed their Constitutional rights, while ensuring the safety and equity of the citizens of Essex County.
Shaun Gilliland
Chairman, Essex County Board of Supervisors
Member endorsement
Editor:
As a committee we are writing to wholeheartedly endorse Kristy Sprague for Essex County Judge. As our District Attorney for over a decade, Kristy has shown an unwavering commitment to justice, fairness, and the rule of law. She has handled some of the toughest cases imaginable and has always approached her work with professionalism and empathy.
Kristy’s experience as a prosecutor uniquely qualifies her to serve as a judge. She understands the importance of impartiality and ensuring that everyone receives a fair trial. From her background as DA, we have no doubt that Kristy will bring the same level of dedication to the bench, ensuring that our courts remain a place where justice prevails.
Kristy isn’t just a public servant; she’s one of us. She’s spent her life in Essex County, raising her family here and contributing to the betterment of our region. We have full confidence that she will uphold the highest standards. On behalf of the Ticonderoga Republican Committee, we ask for your support to elect Kristy Sprague Essex County Judge.
Member of the Town of
Ticonderoga Republican Committee
Wayne Taylor, Cory S. Phinney, Fred Hunsdon Sr, Fred Provoncha, John Lenhart, Milford (Buzz) Palmer, John Woodard and Marc Yaw
Ticonderoga, New York
Done a terrific job
Editor:
Kristy Sprague has done a terrific job as Essex County DA, she’s always available to answer any questions and tackle issues that are important to Essex County. She has the experience and common sense to make an excellent Judge. That is why I fully support Kristy for Essex County Judge.
Michael “Ike” Tyler
Westport Town Supervisor
My decision is easy
Editor:
I do not know how I could consider voting for a man who calls January 6th a “day of love”. Donald Trump says no one died. PEOPLE DIED. Donald Trump says no one had guns. There WERE guns. People were convicted and sentenced for having guns. At least one fired his gun in the air. I remember watching Donald Trump on the news watching the news and doing nothing. I also remember an interview with former Governor Hogan of Maryland. He said the Maryland National Guard was ready to assist. He was told to stand down. Election Day is almost here. I have one rule: will my vote make life better for my children and grandchildren. Is January 6th the America I want for them. It was not a “day of love”. My decision is easy.
Vincent Palazzo
Gansevoort
No better representative
Editor:
You can ask for no better of a representative for your Lake George Town interests than Bob Dillon.
Common sense, logical thought and pragmatic analysis is in short supply these days, regardless of political party. But when it comes to the stewardship of the public trust and public funds arenas, Bob has this in large supply.
This is why I, arguably one of the most conservative Republican Washington County Supervisors, appointed Bob, a Democrat, to be my Deputy Town of Hartford Supervisor during my tenure.
Bob helped me to maneuver the budget to a very healthy place, becoming fiscally responsible and debt free for the first time in many years.
Regardless if you are a Democrat, Republican, or Independent, you could make no better choice than to elect Bob Dillon for Lake George Town Council. He has my vote!
Dana Haff
Hartford Town Supervisor (Retired)
Time for a change
Editor:
It’s time for change in Saratoga County. A 42-year career politician came to our Senate District-44 just last term, having abandoned his last district. He’s among the highest paid legislators and is unproductive with only 3-sponsored bills becoming law. He opposes positions of most of the voters in our district: Anti-women’s issues, anti-affordable housing, anti-school safety initiatives, anti-flooding and climate mitigation. It seems the only issue he supports is guns. I think it’s time for Jim to retire.
We need a proven hard worker, who knows politics and how to compromise to the benefit of her constituents. A person of demonstrated intelligence and an accomplished business expert. A person who listens not just to those that agree with her but reaches out to hear the views of all. A person who faces challenging situations and crafts solutions.
Minita Sanghvi is that person! She walks the talk. She’s balanced family needs and finances working retail, then through college and finally graduate school. She is the current Commissioner of Finance for the city of Saratoga Springs; holds a PhD and is a tenured professor within the Management and Business Department of Skidmore College. (And for what it’s worth a published author to boot.) “Want to get something done? Pick a busy person!”
We need a voice at the table to relate the needs of our communities in the State Senate, our district would be incredibly lucky to have Minita Sanghvi represent us.
Steven Bederian
Wilton
Vote Sanghvi
Editor:
In 2021 Minita Sanghvi was elected as the City of Saratoga Springs Finance Commissioner and has become known as the “voice of reason” on the City Council for her “problem- solving, fiscally responsible approach and lauded for her proven record of listening to residents and taking action to deliver results.” She’s taught business students at Skidmore College for nearly 10 years.
In December of 2023 a group of us that are involved in the Not Moreau fight, visited a Saratoga Springs City Council meeting to request a letter of support. We sat through much of their meeting and were all very impressed with Miniita when she objected to other members on the commission who pushed several times to vote illegally to handle a financial transaction. She spoke calmly, respectfully and strongly for the reasons they could not legally do this. She explained how they could legally accomplish their goal, and she kept the debate from becoming a heated argument, maintaining civility throughout the process. Minita set a great example of how to gets things done.
Preston Jenkins and I each spoke to the City Council. Minita was a strong supporter of our request for a letter of support from the City Council. The response was unanimous.
Please vote for Manita Sanghvi as our next State Senator. She is someone who will “put people ahead of politics and get things done to create economic opportunities for a better future for all of us. “
I was surprised when a friend’s husband recently said to me “We really need more good women in office” We have the power to that happen by electing Minita Snaghvi as our next State Senator. Local elections make a huge difference on our quality of lives. Please Vote Minita Sanghvi.
Thank you.
Gina LeClair
Moreau
Editor:
I am a registered Conservative voter and I am voting for Scott Gushlaw on Election Day. I have known Scott as long as he has lived up here and when I first met him I was impressed with his work credentials as he is the Tax Director for AngioDynamics. When I saw how much he volunteers with the community I was even more impressed as Scott has volunteered many years at my Sons 5 K ( Big A’s 5 K ) to benefit the Jeff Aurelia Scholarship Fund. To have someone with Scott’s experience and love for Queensbury would be a great asset to the Town of Queensbury Board representing the Ward 2 constituents.
Please join me in voting for Scott Gushlaw for Ward 2.I am a registered Conservative voter and I am voting for Scott Gushlaw on Election Day. I have known Scott as long as he has lived up here and when I first met him I was impressed with his work credentials as he is the Tax Director for AngioDynamics. When I saw how much he volunteers with the community I was even more impressed as Scott has volunteered many years at my Sons 5 K ( Big A’s 5 K ) to benefit the Jeff Aurelia Scholarship Fund. To have someone with Scott’s experience and love for Queensbury would be a great asset to the Town of Queensbury Board representing the Ward 2 constituents.
Please join me in voting for Scott Gushlaw for Ward 2.
MaryLou Aurelia
Queensbury
To see all of this week’s Letters to the Editor, check us out online.
Get opinion pieces, letters and editorials sent directly to your inbox weekly!
Kratom in Warrensburg The Art of the Con 
Are they listening? 
Read what people in the community think about Elise staying in the North Country!
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Sign up with
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Sign in with
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.