Kanye West’s wife Bianca Censori has shown off her impressive figure while spilling out of a tiny bikini on her birthday.
The now-29-year-old Australian model and architect, who married the controversial rapper in December 2022, celebrated her birthday on January 6. And in a video circulating social media, the daring beauty could be seen sitting beside her husband while blowing out candles on a cake.
While enjoying some quality time with loved ones on her special day, Bianca wore a very skimpy bikini top that left very little to the imagination.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Kanye West 'in control' as wife Bianca Censori feels 'tense and worried' in racy photos
Commenting on the video, of which screen grabs were shared by Page Six, which was shared on a Kanye West fan page, one person said: "Happy Birthday to the Queen of Kanye. They look very happy and Kanye has been repenting a lot this day which is good. The wife is doing a good job. Keep it up."
Another person said: "He's really happy, for real." While a third added: "Can't believe she's just 29."
A photo from the daytime on the day of Bianca's birthday then emerged online, with Ye and his wife spotted walking around a Balenciaga store in Las Vegas. In the snap, Bianca was seen wearing the same skimpy bikini top with little left to the imagination, paired with a sarong-style skirt.
Although there were a slew of positive comments on the snap, which was shared on the aforementioned Ye fan page, there were several comments that slammed the couple. One person said: "Please put some clothes on that poor woman. It's now starting to look creepy and controlling."
While someone else echoed: "This man doesn't respect her in the slightest. Being content for her to walk around in public with her breasts practically out like that.. yet he didn't like Kim wearing and posting bikinis on her Instagram."
This comes after Kanye shared a slew of racy snaps of his wife on his Instagram page. Kanye even penned a touching note for his wife in the caption of one of the photos, with him writing: "Happy birthday to the most beautiful super bad iconic muse inspirational talented artist masters degree in architecture 140 IQ loving by my side everyday when half the world turned their backs on me..."
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.