The outsized aviator-style shape returns from 2004
Pharrell has relaunched his Millionaires sunglasses, the acclaimed style he co-designed with streetwear superstar Nigo for Louis Vuitton back in 2004. That was when Marc Jacobs was creative director, and two decades before Pharrell was appointed LV's men's creative director himself.
The sunglasses’ outsize frames owe a debt to classic aviators, with Pharrell’s design tweaks including a pair of gold bars across the top of the frames, and hinges inspired by Louis Vuitton luggage. 
The style crossed over to become something of a pop culture touchstone, worn by hip-hop supremo Rick Ross in photoshoots and gifted to Kanye West by his late mother Donda. The look has been described as “one part Tony Montana, one part The Notorious B.I.G.”
Now Pharrell has put the style back in Louis Vuitton shops. 
The new sunglasses come in two shapes. 
The 1.0 Millionaires follow the silhouette from 2004, while the 3.0 Millionaires are more paired-back. 
The first comes in both chocolate tortoise with gradient details, and black with gold accents. The second are either monochromatic black or black with orange lenses.
The sunglasses are available now, from £565. 
louisvuitton.com
The Best Fragrances for Men In 2025
The Evolution of Tyler, The Creator's Style
The Best Burberry Aftershaves
How to Buy the The Air Jordan 1 “UNC﻿” Sneaker
What the Hell Are Hedi Boys?
What To Expect from The Met Gala 2025
The Inside Track on F1
Secure Grand National Tour Merch Now
David Beckham's Most Influential Style Moments
Lewis Pullman on 'Thunderbolts*,' Style, and More
The Shirt That A-Listers Are Wearing This Summer
When Social Media Shopping Goes So Very Wrong
ESQUIRE, PART OF THE HEARST UK FASHION & BEAUTY NETWORK
We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England. All Rights Reserved.