Erin Keller is a reporter based in Ohio. Her focus is live and trending news, as well as pop culture. She has covered celebrity deaths, lawsuits, and the Hunter Biden gun trial. Erin joined Newsweek in 2024 from the New York Post and had previously worked at News Center Maine. She is a graduate of Kent State University. You can get in touch with Erin by emailing e.keller@newsweek.com. Languages: English
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
Rapper Waka Flocka Flame dismissed his concertgoers who also support President Joe Biden on Monday during his Utah concert.
Flocka, 38, whose real name is Juaquin James Malphurs, shooed away fans during his concert at Club Sky in Salt Lake City as seen in a video posted to X, telling the crowd, "All Joe Biden voters can get out. See ya!"
"We're gonna party right now for T24," Flocka added, dedicating his hit "It's A Party" to former President Donald Trump.
The crowd responded with mixed reviews of cheers and groans as Flocka quickly went into the song. It is unclear from the video whether anyone left the concert after his message.
Newsweek has contacted representatives for Flocka for comment.
This isn't the first time Flocka has shown support for Trump. In October, the "No Hands" rapper shared a photo alongside the 45th president of the United States and since convicted felon, also tweeting, "TRUMP2024."
"RESPECT," Republican congressional candidate for Florida's 24th district Lavern Spicer replied at the time.
"This is the way!" conservative political activist Ryan Fournier added.
Other fans responded to Flocka's photo, calling it "incredible," and wrote, "Well said, Mr. Flame!" and "LETS GOOOOO."
However, not all Flocka fans were happy with his political statement, as one simply put, "NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO."
A second said: "Bruh ....this is not where it's at," while a third asked: "Anything to stay relevant huh?" and a fourth chimed: "There are better options...." Additional responses were, "No .... just... no," and, "20-24 years," referencing Trump's potential prison sentence.
In 2021, Trump awarded Flocka with a Lifetime Achievement Award for his humanitarianism work, largely with Daughter of Destiny, a Chicago-based nonprofit.
Other hip hop artists including Kanye West, Sexyy Red, Sada Baby, Sheff G, and Sleepy Hallow have all shown recent support for Trump.
West famously visited the White House in 2018, wearing the then-President's red "MAGA" hate and all before his own failed presidential run in 2020.
"Once he started getting Black people out of jail and giving people that free money. Aww baby, we love Trump... We need him back because, baby, them checks," Sexyy Red linked her support for Trump to stimulus check on Theo Von's podcast in October.
Kodak Black is also a member of the 'Black Americans for Trump' coalition, which boasts endorsements from elected officials, athletes, entertainers, community leaders, and pastors from within the Black community. Trump pardoned Black and Lil Wayne while in the White House in 2020.
Meanwhile, rapper Quavo of the Migos supported Vice President Kamala Harris in Atlanta last month for a summit centered around gun violence prevention.
Waka Flocka was born in Queens, New York, and raised in Atlanta, Georgia.
The hip-hop artist became well-known in 2009 with his debut single, "O Let's Do It," which led to Gucci Mane signing him to his 1017 Records that year.
The duo had a highly publicized falling out circa 2010, but have appeared to be civil since 2018.
Flocka is best known for his hit "No Hands" which features Roscoe Dash and Wale, as well as his songs "Hard In Da Paint" and "Wild Boy" with Machine Gun Kelly and DJ Tazmania.
Do you have a story Newsweek should be covering? Do you have any questions about this story? Contact LiveNews@newsweek.com
Erin Keller is a reporter based in Ohio. Her focus is live and trending news, as well as pop culture. She has covered celebrity deaths, lawsuits, and the Hunter Biden gun trial. Erin joined Newsweek in 2024 from the New York Post and had previously worked at News Center Maine. She is a graduate of Kent State University. You can get in touch with Erin by emailing e.keller@newsweek.com. Languages: English
Erin Keller is a reporter based in Ohio. Her focus is live and trending news, as well as pop culture. She has covered celebrity deaths, lawsuits, and the Hunter Biden gun trial. Erin joined Newsweek in 2024 from the New York Post and had previously worked at News Center Maine. She is a graduate of Kent State University. You can get in touch with Erin by emailing e.keller@newsweek.com. Languages: English
Erin Keller is a reporter based in Ohio. Her focus is live and trending news, as well as pop culture.                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC