Support independent journalism, free from the trades and other publications that are part of the tinsel town machine.
For 12 years, Showbiz411.com has been covering Hollywood, Broadway, the music business and the business of celebrity. Ads are our main source of funding, but contributions (not tax exempt) from readers who enjoy the scoops, exclusives, and fact based reports are always welcome and very appreciated. To inquire about ads, email us at showbiz411@gmail.com.
Share
Among the ways Kanye West destroyed his career was supporting Donald Trump.
At the same time, Kanye lost his lucrative deal with Adidas for Yeezy shoes.
Tonight Kanye has put his imprimatur on a line of $399 sneakers launched by Trump — there’s also a $99 cologne — at a Sneakercon rally in Pennsylvania. You could say Trump put the con in Sneakercon. Outside of MAGA hats, Trump is renown for failures like Trump Steaks, Trump suits, and Trump University. On Trump’s website they say the sneaker run of 1,000 pairs is sold out. (They are already a collectible, especially if Trump goes to jail.)
West, whose album “Vultures 1” has been pulled off digital platforms after less than 2 days, endorsed Trump and his sneakers tonight. Posting a video of Trump being greeted by ecstatic followers carrying “Sneakercon” signs, Kanye said, “This made me smile.”
One fan wrote back: “Sometimes it be so hard to defend you brah”
Another said: “Kanye you’re getting on my f@cking nerves again”
Bette Midler wrote on Twitter: “They’re not Yeezys, they’re Cheezys”
On the website, Trump out and out lies about owning the sneaker line.
And so it goes.
A post shared by Ye (@kanyewest)
Showbiz411 is now in its 13th year of providing breaking and exclusive entertainment news. This is an independent site, unlike the many Hollywood trades that are owned by one company. To continue providing news that takes a fresh look at what's going on in movies, music, theater, etc, advertising is our basis. Reader donations would be greatly appreciated, too. They are just another facet of keeping fact based journalism alive.Thank you
Read more
Hollywood to the Hudson
Company
Trending
Categories
©	Showbiz411.com