Drake is giving up-and-coming artist 4batz one of his signature cosigns by appearing on the upcoming remix for 4batz's new song "Act II: Date @ 8."
On Tuesday (March 5), 4batz hopped on Instagram to confirm a remix of his hit single "Act II: Date @ 8" was incoming, but wouldn't reveal who would be making a guest appearance on the track. Drizzy then added to the speculation that he might be the one to grace the R&B-tinged single. On his Instagram Story today, Drake shared a screenshot of him seemingly working on the track. The 6 God additionally tagged 4batz as well as Drake's trusty producer 40.
Drizzy's connection with 4batz, who reps Dallas, Texas, shouldn't come as a surprise considering Drake already showed the up-and-coming singer and rapper some serious love in February. A video emerged on social media showing Drake meandering through a crowd to connect with 4batz. The two then began conversing and laughing.
A release date for the upcoming "Act II: Date @ 8" remix has not been revealed.
The promising link-up between 4batz and the 6 God comes as the former begins to pick up serious steam despite having just three songs out. The young enigmatic rapper and singer caught fire on the internet after a jarring From The Block YouTube performance of his song "Act I: Stickerz '99'" went viral in November of 2023.
Viewers have been drawn in by the contrasting qualities of 4batz's performance, in which he dons a ski mask and is surrounded by his tough-looking squad only to reveal a soft, velvety voice. This was shown in another From The Block performance of "Act II: Date @ 8" in December of 2023. The track debuted on the Hot 100 at No. 77 in January. It went up to No. 59.
Two major cosigns from Drake and Kanye West soon followed, with 4batz hopping on a FaceTime call with the latter in January. 4batz then dropped off "Act III: On God? (she like)" on March 1, and a major label bidding war has reportedly remained ongoing over the past few months between Atlantic, Republic and Warner Records. It remains a mystery who will get to sign the budding young artist.