It has taken five years but it looks as though Kylie Jenner has finally decided to forgive her former best-friend Jordyn Woods, after she kissed Khloe Kardashian's boyfriend.
In 2019, it emerged that Jordyn was seen kissing Tristan Thompson, who was dating Khloe at the time and is the father of her two children. The scandal was aired on an episode of The Kardashians and it was clear that Kylie's inseparable relationship with Jordyn had come to an end.
But now, five year on it looks as though they are back on track after they posted a TikTok video. Earlier this week, Kylie shared a clip of herself on a night out with Jordyn and their mutual pal Anastasia 'Stassie' Karanikolaou. In the post, followers saw Kylie standing between the two friends as she lip-synced over audio of her sister Kim Kardashian saying: "Okay guys, we're back!"
Jordyn then asked: "Did you miss us?", before she then leant in and rested her head on Kylie's shoulder. The camera then turned to their friend Anastasia who chimed in saying: "Cause we missed you!' And within hours, the post received more than 1.1million likes and more than 5million views. And delighted fans were quick to comment, with one saying: "WHEN I TELL YOU MY JAW JUST DROPPED TO THE FLOOR."
Another person wrote: "Jordyn we definitely missed you." Meanwhile a third fan said: "Welcome back Jordyn... we love u." And a fourth added: "Never did I think I’d see these 3 in a video together again." One fan said their reunion was a sign the "world is healing." In May during an episode of The Kardashians Kylie is seen talking ton Khloe that she has started to hang out with Jordyn again. But it looks as though Kylie remains slightly cautious as she has now developed a healthier distance.
She added: "Now it's like, we talk once a month. I think what I do love now is that the narrative about us online is also over. Like when we were seen leaving that restaurant, it was a story for a day or two days or whatever, and then now it's like over. People know that we're cool and no one's talking about it anymore."
During her conversation with Khloe, her elder sister was keen to state that she has never had an issue with Kylie maintaining a friendship with Jordyn. Kylie told viewers: "I'm happy to have this conversation with Khloe because I think people don't really understand how pure Khloe's heart is. Even right after everything happened, her energy was always the same with me. She's like, 'You need to do whatever makes you happy. There's nothing more important to me than you and your happiness.' And she's just very special and I just wish people knew how special she was."
Last year, Kylie and Jordyn were pictured leaving a restaurant together, which showed they had started to put the past behind them. In 2019, Jordyn and Tristan rocked the entire Kardashian household when they were caught kissing at a party. At first Jordyn denied it but later admitted to the betrayal during an interview with Jada Pinkett-Smith, while on the Red Table Talk. Following Jordyn's interview, Khloe took to X and wrote: "You ARE the reason my family broke up!"
Kylie and Jordyn first met in 2012 after being introduced by their mutual friend Jaden Smith, Will Smith's son. The pair were quite literally joined at the hip as they not only loved together at one point but also worked on projects together. One of which was Kylie x Jordyn collection for Kylie Cosmetics in September 2018. Jordyn also attended Kim and Kanye West's wedding that was held in Italy back in 2014.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.