Kim Kardashian looked like she was trying to ignore the latest Kanye West drama after the rapper was hit with cheating allegations.
The mother-of-four didn't look happy as she was seen leaving a Margiela exhibition in Paris on Sunday. Kim was unsmiling as she left the event, before arriving at the Ritz Hotel, where her ex-husband recently stayed with his new wife Bianca Censori.
Kim actually seemed to take some fashion tips from Bianca as she wore an oversized leopard print coat. She pulled the collar of her jacket up to protect her face. Kim wore a pair of sheer black tights for the outing and paired them with matching heels.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Kanye West's wife Bianca Censori transforms into a sexy librarian in provocative new look
The reality star carried her belongings around in an oversized leather handbag. She pulled her hair back into a high ponytail and decided on a glamorous makeup look, complete with brown smoky eyeshadow and a nude lipstick.
Kim's outing comes after boxer Bryce Hall shared a screenshot of messages Kanye sent to his girlfriend Mikaela Lafuente, despite the rapper being married. In the messages, Kanye asked Mikaela if she wanted to hang out with him and listen to some music.
"Kanye is sliding on my girlfriend.. someone tell Kim," Bryce wrote alongside the screenshot, referring to the rapper's ex-wife. In the picture, shared on X, Kanye could be seen telling Mikaela: "Back in Cali". Bryce then shared a follow-up post with more messages.
When Mikaela asked Kanye what he meant by his initial message, he said: "Are you in California or the states." She replied: "Yes why?" Kanye then explained: "Wanted to see if you wanted to hang and listen to the new album."
Alongside the screenshot, Bryce wrote: "Cmon ye… at least invite me to the hang and listen session." He then seemed to challenge Kanye to a fight, writing: "My bareknuckle opponent for the LA show is kanye btw… we’re just hyping the fight a bit, stay tuned."
Kanye is happily married to Bianca, with the couple having tied the knot back in December 2022, just one month after he finalised his divorce from Kim. Bryce and Mikaela went public with their romance in November of that year.
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok , Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.