By EVE BUCKLAND FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  23:18, 10 July 2024   |  Updated:  06:49, 11 July 2024   
 14
View  comments
50 Cent's ex Daphne Joy has deleted a shock March Instagram post accusing him of rape and domestic violence - amid the rapper's ongoing defamation lawsuit against her.
The 49-year-old In Da Club rapper - who shares son Sire, 11, with Joy, 37 - launched a lawsuit against his former partner in May - after she made the harrowing allegations in a lengthy post - which also saw the star claim he was an absent father.
50 Cent denied her allegations in a statement shared with DailyMail.com at the time.
Daphne reportedly deleted the allegation post in order to restore harmony with the rapper for the sake of their son, according to a source who spoke with TMZ. The Power producer also removed his posts about Daphne. 
The pair had been embroiled in a online battle after music producer Rodney 'Lil Rod' Jones alleged in a sex trafficking lawsuit filed against Diddy that Joy was a sex worker who had been paid by the Bad Boy Records founder.
50 Cent's ex Daphne Joy has deleted a shock March Instagram post accusing him of rape and domestic violence - amid the rapper's ongoing defamation lawsuit against her (pictured with son Sire, 11)
She has denied the lawsuit's claim that she was a sex worker and has branded it 'character assassination.'
Joy made the rape claim after it emerged that 50 Cent was seeking sole custody of their pre-teen son.
In text written over a black background on Instagram, Joy slammed her ex: 'Let's put the real focus on your true evil actions of raping me and physically abusing me. You are no longer my oppressor and my God will handle you from this point on. You have permanently damaged the last hope I had for you as a father.'
'Curtis James Jackson,' she began, addressing him by his full name. 'Everything is a joke to you until our safety is compromised, which is happening now. You are wreaking real havoc, frenzy, and chaos onto people's lives. How would u feel if Sire was the one in handcuffs? For nothing,' she wrote.
'We moved to New York to give you the opportunity to be a father to your son and you saw him 10 times out of the 2 years that we lived 1 mile away from you. I am tired of upholding and protecting an image to our son that you have never even earned,' wrote scorned mother of his child.
'Let's put the real focus on your true evil actions of raping me and physically abusing me. You are no longer my oppressor and my God will handle you from this point on. You have permanently damaged the last hope I had for you as a father to preserve our family with these last and final false claims made against me. You have broken our hearts for the last and final time.'
Jackson's representative released a statement on his behalf to DailyMail.com, denying the accusations: 'The disturbing allegations in the sworn pleadings recently filed in a court case related to Daphne Joy the mother of my twelve year old child, has required me to take all necessary legal actions to protect my son Sire.'
Sire is 11 years old, not 12, as his father labels him in a statement. 
'The most recent false and baseless accusations by Daphne Joy are clearly in response to my decision to seek sole custody of my son. My son Sire is my main priority and keeping him in a safe environment is my only focus at this time,' he said.
Joy made shock claims about 50 Cent - which he denied in March - but the post has now vanished off her Instagram feed 
Joy then accused 50 Cent of raping her in a blistering Instagram post. She also claimed that he had been an absent father to their son. 50 Cent denied her allegations in a statement shared with DailyMail.com  
Daphne reportedly deleted the allegation post in order to restore harmony with the rapper for the sake of their son, according to a source who spoke with TMZ. The Power producer also removed his posts about Daphne 
In an Instagram post 50 Cent wrote to his ex, seemingly as a response to her words: 'You moved a mile away in hopes of having another baby with me but I was busy. So you moved back and then you started receiving money from Brother Love. Now here we are, little sex worker.' 
Sources familiar with the situation told TMZ Joy removing the post has 'nothing to do with 50 Cent's lawsuit.' 
It was claimed there has been been no settlement, and the rapper is moving forward with the case. 
DailyMail.com has contacted representatives for 50 Cent and Daphne Joy for comment. 
In documents filed in May and obtained by TMZ, 50 Cent said Joy only made her shock post because it came out that he was going to seek sole custody of Sire. 
He adds that he made the decision to seek full custody after Joy was named in the Jones lawsuit against Diddy - and alleges Joy 'retaliated' with the post accusing him of abuse. 
50 Cent's suit states Joy's post got more than 22,000 likes, and has led to him receiving vile online comments and 'severely damaged his business reputation and child custody case.'
In the documents, the rapper has attached a letter he had his lawyers send to Joy  on April 2, demanding a retraction. 
She refused and 50 Cent claims her lawyers responded by demanding he give her 'millions of dollars' and drop his custody suit in return for her taking down the post - which he brands 'clearly extortive.'
50 Cent is suing Joy for defamation and seeking damages in excess of $1 million, and a court order to take down her post and refrain from any other defamatory comments.
In March 50 Cent branded Joy a 'sex worker' in an Instagram post and shared a photo of Diddy with Joy when they were pictured together in Miami Beach in 2021 as he accused her of turning to the 54-year-old rapper-turned-entrepreneur for money after he turned down her advances.
50 Cent's defamation suit stated Joy's post got over 22,000 likes, and has led to him receiving vile online comments and 'severely damaged his business reputation and child custody case' 
50 Cent previously accused his ex Joy of being a sex worker and 'receiving money' from Diddy, 54, after he allegedly rejected her; Diddy and Joy pictured in Miami Beach in 2021
The rapper claimed Joy had moved near him to have 'another baby' with him, but he was 'busy.' She jumped into the comments section to reply that his message was 'Delusional'
50 Cent appeared to have reposted the photo of Diddy and Joy around a pool to emphasize their closeness in his post. 
'You moved a mile away in hopes of having another baby with me but I was busy,' the rapper (real name: Curtis Jackson III) began his caption while addressing his ex.
He went on to claim that she then turned to Diddy for support after he rebuffed her.
'So you moved back and then you started receiving money from Brother Love. Now here we are, little sex worker,' he added. Diddy legally changed his middle name from 'Sean' to 'Love' in 2017.
50 Cent concluded his post on an odd note by tagging his cognac and champagne labels.
'Delusional,' Joy simply wrote in a comment on the post.
He returned with another Instagram post that appeared to allude to the lawsuit naming Joy as a sex worker.
The rapper reposted a photo of himself with a graphic claiming his 'Final Lap Tour' was on track to be among the 'top 3 highest grossing hip-hop tours of all time.'
'Whistle while you work guys, that's my theme for today,' he began his caption.
'I made all this money and I'm practicing abstinence, [shrugging emoji] I don't want a little sex worker,' he added, before again tagging his alcohol brands, as well as the account for his tour.
This comes after 50 Cent responded to bombshell claims the mother of his son is the 'sex worker' named.
50 Cent posted on X, formerly Twitter writing: 'I didn't know you was a sex worker [side eye emoji] you little sex worker. LOL [laughing emoji] Yo this s**t is a movie.'
The rapper of 'In Da Club' and 'P.I.M.P.' fame followed the post with a link to his merch store and two pictures of him smoking a large cigar, holding an umbrella in front of a Cadillac SUV.
Joy was this week named in a lawsuit brought against fellow artist Diddy by an alleged victim of sexual abuse amid a slew of damning allegations made in recent months.
When news broke earlier this year of a 'military level force' raid related to a sex trafficking probe on Diddy's homes, 50 Cent, real name Curtis Jackson was the only major music figure to speak out about the shocking development.
Earlier this week, 50 Cent posted on X: 'Now it's not Diddy do it, it's Diddy done they don't come like that unless they got a case'. The rapper also promised to finance a documentary on the allegations. Diddy has denied all accusations of wrongdoing.
Philippine-born model Daphne Joy rose to fame with roles in Pirates of the Caribbean: On Stranger Tides, Setup and TV movie Venice Heat
Diddy is currently facing multiple sexual assault lawsuits, including one from producer Rodney 'Lil Rod' Jones, one of Diddy's former record producers. 
He filed a lawsuit against the rapper claiming he was ordered to recruit sex workers and have sex with them for the star's pleasure, and has hundreds of hours of video documenting Diddy's 'serious illegal activity' between 2022 and 2023.
Jones also accuses Daphne Joy, who dated 50 Cent between 2011 and 2012 of being someone who Diddy regularly paid for sex.
The accusations are contained in the 73-page lawsuit, in which Jones claims Diddy also subjected him to a year of groping and 'constant unsolicited touching of his anus.'
Daphne Joy, a prominent OnlyFans model, formerly dated 50 Cent and gave birth to their son, Sire, now 11, in September 2012.
Sire won a $700,000 contract to be the face of children's headphones company Kidz Safe while still a toddler. 
When the couple broke up, Joy accused him of being physically abusive, something the singer known as 'Fiddy' denied.
 Diddy and Cassie Ventura attend the premiere of 'The Perfect Match' at the Arclight Theatre in Los Angeles on March 7, 2016. Ventura accused Diddy of rape and abuse in November 2023
Since then, 50 Cent has regularly commented on a purported relationship between Diddy and Joy. 
The Get Rich or Die Tryin' star has also been outspoken in his social media commentary on his rival rapper and the surge of lawsuits threatening to destroy the Diddy's empire.
On Instagram, he shared what appeared to be a promotional image for an 'original docu series' entitled 'Diddy do it?', promising to finance an expose on the shocking allegations.
'I can confirm that the untitled Diddy documentary is in development through G-Unit Film and Television with Curtis '50 Cent' Jackson serving as Executive Produce,' a spokesperson for the rapper and G-Unit Film/TV confirmed in a statement shared with Billboard.
'Proceeds from this documentary that G-Unit Film & Television receives will go to victims of sexual assault and rape.'
While relations between the two men may have deteriorated since Joy was named in the lawsuit, the pair have repeatedly sniped at each other since Jackson released a track in 2006 claiming that Diddy, real name Sean Combs, knew who shot and killed rap pioneer The Notorious B.I.G. in 1997.
When Diddy stepped down from his TV network Revolt, 50 Cent jokingly offered to buy and take over the media company.
On December 3, 2023, he also shared a bizarre edit with Diddy and R. Kelly's faces merged together to the disgraced musician's 1998 song Did You Ever Think. 
Following that post, he commented in a post with a screenshot of a New York Times article questioning if Combs would survive the current wave of accusations. 
'No he will be fine,' he wrote, according to XXL Magazine. 'He has so much money, when his corporate partners pull out. He will just reach in his pockets and make it happen. You saw how fast he paid Cassie. He's a real Billionaire, he has f*** you money guys, so f*** you!'
Rap icons Sean 'Diddy' Combs and 50 Cent before their friendship exploded into rivalry
But a bombshell $30 million lawsuit by Rodney Jones, a former producer for Sean 'Diddy' Combs claims that Combs paid Joy a stipend for her sexual services 
Combs' homes were raided in March, pictures exclusively obtained by DailyMail.com showing several disheveled rooms, bedrooms turned over and drawers rifled through, as the rapper faces multiple allegations accusing him of sexual and physical abuse.
Upon walking toward the entrance, a massive gate was seen clearly broken and off its hinges with several holes in the door and breaks in the concrete.
Photos show multiple doorframes that appear to have been damaged and several bedrooms left a mess with everything from clothing and receipts lying around. 
Other video shows how thoroughly the mogul's laptops and other devices have been gone through, before showing unsettled kitchen appliances.
Two officials told AP the raids were part of an ongoing sex-trafficking investigation. They spoke on condition of anonymity and were not authorized to publicly discuss details of the investigation. 
A source also told NBC three women and a man had been interviewed by federal officials in Manhattan over allegations of sex trafficking, sexual assault, and the solicitation and distribution of illegal narcotics and firearms.
Interviews with three other subjects are also scheduled, the source claimed.
A man accused of being Diddy's drug mule was also arrested on Monday as authorities raided the mansions. 
Brendan Paul, 25, was arrested by Miami-Dade Police, alongside Homeland Security agents, at Opa-Locka Airport in Miami about 4:30 p.m. on Monday while authorities raided Diddy's mansions. 
A lawyer representing a woman accusing Diddy of rape in the 1990s said of the raid: 'Hopefully, this is the beginning of a process that will hold Mr Combs responsible for his depraved conduct.'
Aaron Dyer, an attorney for the rapper, broke Combs' silence just over 24 hours after the Homeland Security investigation with a statement to DailyMail.com. 
'Yesterday, there was a gross overuse of military-level force as search warrants were executed at Mr. Combs' residences.
'There is no excuse for the excessive show of force and hostility exhibited by authorities or the way his children and employees were treated,' Dyer said.
'Mr. Combs was never detained but spoke to and cooperated with authorities,' he added.
'Despite media speculation, neither Mr. Combs nor any of his family members have been arrested nor has their ability to travel been restricted in any way.'
'This unprecedented ambush -- paired with an advanced, coordinated media presence -- leads to a premature rush to judgment of Mr. Combs and is nothing more than a witch hunt based on meritless accusations made in civil lawsuits,' Dyer continued. 
Her modelling work has taken to her to glamorous shoot locations across the world
The rapper shared an article on Instagram about Diddy's houses in Los Angeles and Miami being surrounded by Homeland Security agents and said that 'they don't come like that unless they got a case'
Four women, including Diddy's long-term girlfriend, filed shocking lawsuits against the rapper late last year, accusing him of abuse and sexual assault.
The rapper, who earned a fortune through music as producer and artist with the Bad Boy Entertainment record label, was accused of rape, sex-trafficking a minor, assault and a slew of additional alleged abuses.
Ex girlfriend Cassie Ventura accused him of rape and forcing her to have sex with male prostitutes in front of him. She also accused him of repeated physical abuses.
Combs denied the allegations and settled the suit.
In November, Joi Dickerson-Neal accused Combs of drugging and raping her in 1991, recording the abuse and sharing it without permission.
Liza Gardner then filed a third suit in late November 2023, also accusing him of sexual and physical abuse.
According to a lawsuit obtained by AP, the alleged incidents also occurred in the early 1990s.
Gardner said she was coerced into having sex and then pinned down by R&B singer Aaron Hall and forced to have sex with him too.
Her friend was also allegedly coerced into having sex with Combs and Hall.
The suit alleged Combs later went to the women's home to discourage them from reporting what happened.
Combs then allegedly choked one of the women until she passed out.
In a shocking fourth suit, reported first in early December, Combs was accused of assaulting an anonymous fourth victim when she was a 17-year-old high school student in 2003.
The woman was allegedly 'sex trafficked' and 'gang raped' by Combs, who was 34 at the time, and Harve Pierre, then-president of his record label.
Music producer Rodney 'Lil Rod' Jones Jr., who worked with Combs on 'The Love Album: Off the Grid,' is also among his accusers.
He filed a lawsuit against the rapper claiming he was ordered to recruit sex workers and have sex with them for the star's pleasure, and has hundreds of hours of video documenting Combs's 'serious illegal activity'.
Jones filed a bombshell lawsuit against Diddy and claimed that his 'affiliation' to Prince Harry and other stars gave him and his associates 'legitimacy', MailOnline revealed this week.
The court documents filed in the US last month do not suggest any wrongdoing on Prince Harry's part. He is not a defendant and is named once in the 73-page document. MailOnline has asked the Duke of Sussex to comment.
Lil Rod's lawyers claim guests were drawn to Diddy's alleged sex-trafficking parties because of his 'access to celebrities such as famous athletes, political figures, artists, musicians, and international dignitaries like British Royal, Prince Harry', court documents filed in New York say. 
Prince William and Prince Harry met P Diddy and Kanye West at a post-concert party the Princes hosted to thank all who took part in the 'Concert for Diana' at Wembley Stadium' in 2007. However, the Prince of Wales is not named in the court documents. It is not known how many times Harry has met the rapper since then, if at all. 
Jones claims that underage girls and sex workers were guests at the star's house parties and that he saw the star drug their drinks.
And he says he himself was drugged in February last year before waking up naked, dizzy and confused in bed with Combs and two sex workers, and fearing he may have been raped.
Four of Combs' staff were tasked with paying most the sex workers in cash, but in one explosive passage Jones claims that 'Yung Miami, Jade, and Daphne Joy were paid a monthly fee to work as Mr Combs' sex workers and received payment via wire transfer.'
Combs has denied all the allegations against him, saying 'enough is enough'.
'Let me be absolutely clear: I did not do any of the awful things being alleged. I will fight for my name, my family and for the truth,' said in a statement in December.
And his lawyers have been scathing about Jones's $30 million lawsuit targeting Combs, his son Justin, record boss Ethiopia Habtemariam, and the record labels they worked for.
Attorney, Shawn Holley, dismissed 'Lil Rod' as 'nothing more than a liar', who is in it for the money.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group