From Smithy's Indian takeaway order to Nessa and Uncle Bryn singing Islands in the Stream, there have been many iconic Gavin and Stacey moments.


  The hit BBC sitcom aired in 2007 and last appeared on our TV screens on Christmas Day 2019.


  The special episode ended on a cliffhanger with Nessa (Ruth Jones) proposing to Smithy (Corden).


  Earlier this year Corden and Jones - who are also the show's co-creators and writers - revealed Gavin and Stacey would be returning for one final episode on Christmas Day in 2024.


  Ahead of the finale, we take a look back at some of the most iconic moments from Gavin and Stacey.


  In one of Gavin and Smithy's classic moments, the pair begin singing Step Into Christmas by Elton John, kickstarting the festivities.


  Often the subject of memes online, the classic clip sees next-door neighbour Doris forgo making her salad, telling Gwen: "I haven't done, I'm not doing it, end of".


  When asked why not, she adds: "Because I can't be ***ed". She then airs some complaints about Ness who has owed her six and a half thousand pounds since 1992.


  She then comes out with the classic line: "Let her come up to me as she undoubtedly will and ask 'Oh Dor, where's the salad' and I'll say 'Oh fatty, where's my cash.'"


  After welcoming Stacey's family to their home, Pam exclaims that she is a vegetarian even though she is not, forcing her to try and keep up the lie.


  After hosting a pub quiz, many of the characters begin to have complaints about the answers to some of Smithy's questions.


  During the 2019 Christmas special, Nessa confesses her love for Smithy, telling him: "If truth be told, I loves you". Nessa then gets down on one knee and proposes to him.


  After taking their party outside for a smoke, the family's night descends even further when they start doing shots and riotously listening to House of Fun by Madness.


  The characters gather around their tellies to watch Mick's interview on the news before being left disappointed by his brief appearance.


  This clip involving Smithy and his sister Rudi singing American Boy by Estelle and Kanye West is perhaps one of the most beloved in the show's history.


  In another music-focused moment, Ness and Bryn take to the stage to sing Islands in the Stream by Dolly Parton and Kenny Rogers.


  Arguably one of the most iconic moments from Gavin and Stacey is Smithy's Indian takeaway order from season three (episode two).


  Smithy arrives at Pam and Mick's to find they are ordering an Indian takeaway at which point he launches into an extensive list of what he would like.


  "Chicken bhuna, lamb bhuna, prawn bhuna, mushroom rice, bag of chips, keema naan and nine poppadoms," Smithy says.


  And he isn't done there, as when Pam adds saag aloo to the group's order, he chimes in saying he'll have one of them too.


  But it's Corden's character's take on sharing these dishes that takes this scene to the next level.


  When Dawn suggests "then we're just going to stick it on the table" Smithy explodes, going off on a rant questioning why people have to share the food he's ordered. Classic Smithy!


  Later on in season three (in episode four), Pete and Dawn decide to renew their vows.


  The pair use song lyrics from Coldplay's Fix You and Cyndi Lauper's Time After Time as their new wedding vows. But that's not the funny part.


  When Dawn goes to grab the ring Pete has picked out for himself so she can give it to him she gasps in shock.


  Pete has chosen a ring with a giant P on it that Dawn describes as "disgusting" and when she eventually puts it on his finger she adds: "You look ridiculous".


  You wouldn't expect anything less from Dawn and Pete.


  The first-ever episode of Gavin and Stacey is iconic enough on its own.


  Then when you break it down there are so many memorable moments, but the best one is when Gavin and Stacey get into bed together in the hotel room.


  With Smithy and Nessa in the bathroom making lots of noise, the title pair put the radio on to drown them out.


Last Request by Paolo Nutini is playing, a song which went on to be used on several occasions throughout the hot BBC sitcom.


RECOMMENDED READING:


James Corden drops massive Nessa plot hint ahead of Gavin and Stacey finale


  Gavin And Stacey: The Finale will air on BBC One from 9 pm on Christmas Day and will also be available on BBC iPlayer.


  The documentary Gavin And Stacey: A Fond Farewell will be shown at 7 pm on New Year’s Day on BBC One and BBC iPlayer.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.