Julia Fox gave Rogue from X-Men vibes at the sixth annual Pornhub awards.
The Pornhub awards were on Thursday and it honored the achievements of "outstanding performers and studios." Julia was in attendance and walked the carpet. The Uncut Gems actress was seen wearing a black leather jacket, which cut off on her leg, black leather gloves, boots and purse. Her hair was platinum and her makeup featured thin brows, long eye liner, a smokey eye and a nude lip.
Julia was styled by longtime collaborator Briana Andalore. Julia is known for her attention-revealing clothing choices. She has a love for sustainable fashion and often wears unconventional or recycled materials.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
READ MORE: Julia Fox admits 'there were definitely some red flags' in relationship with Kanye West
The actress attended the award show in support, as she is not in the industry. She is currently set to host the new show OMG Fashun, which premieres on May 6 on E!. She will be co-hosting with fashion icon Law Roach as well as a selection of guest judges.
Each episode challenges three participants to "create a look that pushes boundaries and comes from Fox's beautifully bold mind, using materials and techniques that would make fashion's gatekeepers squirm." Julia, Law and the guest judges will choose a winner who will receive a $10,000 cash prize and have Julia model their creation.
Julia said in a statement obtained by Variety: "OMG Fashun’ is shaping the future of fashion, emphasizing sustainability, upcycling and creative craftsmanship to restore integrity to this art form." She continued: "Being the most stylish person in the room doesn’t require breaking the bank; all it takes is creativity and a dash of confidence. My biggest hope is that our viewers will get inspired by what we create on the show and recreate the looks at home using all their old junk they have lying around!"
The actress is known for taking risks when it comes to her fashion choices. She risked a huge wardrobe malfunction when Julia decided to go topless in a DSQUARED2 black mini dress featuring two nipple tassels with barely-there gold straps, at the Oscars viewing party earlier this month.
Julia was also spotted in Miami, Florida in January wearing a revealing outfit made of lace and bows. Covering her top was a white lace bikini top with two long pink bows strategically placed on her chest.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.