The full episode premieres Dec. 26 on A&E. 

							By 

	Preezy Brown

Hip-Hop Reporter

	Footage of Kanye West jawing at an attorney in a heated manner during a deposition has surfaced and gone viral.

	In a clip taken from a preview of the forthcoming A&E show, Interrogation Raw: Celebrity Under Oath, Yeezy can be spotted going off during a legal hearing, which occurred in 2020 and stemmed from a lawsuit regarding his Sunday Service and Yeezy e-commerce websites.

	When attorney Michael Popok requests that West stop using his phone during the proceedings, the rapper initially ignores Popok, citing the phone as necessary in allowing him to participate in the hearing.

	“Due to my mental geniusness, in order to focus on this bullsh*t, I need to be on a phone,” West snaps back in the clip, although he later obliges Popok’s ask. However, he then proceeds to put on one of his now-signature masks, telling the lawyer that he doesn’t “have the right” to see his face.

	










	The encounter continues to increase in contentiousness when Popok begins to inquire about what room the two are currently in, a question that sends the hitmaker into an unbridled tirade.
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Ye's Former Manager Free Maiden Shoots Down Extortion Accusations		
			







	“I’m not gonna tell you! You never gonna see me again!” West shouted back in response, clearly bemused and irritated. The 47-year-old would continue to berate Popok, speculating on the lawyer’s level of intellect while boasting of his vast amount of wealth.

	“Are you stupid?! I’m not gonna tell you other things,” West added. “I don’t have time to be talking about, ‘I got a chair in the room.’ You are talking to the richest Black person in the history of America!”

	The debut episode of Interrogation Raw: Celebrity Under Oath will premiere on December 26 at 10:00 PM ET/PT on A&E. 

	Check out the sneak peek of the show below.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.