Bey is queen of the U.K. chart while Djo cracks the top 5 for the first time.

													By
												

	Lars Brandle


	Stranger things are happening on the U.K. singles chart as Djo cracks the top five for the first time with “End of Beginning,” while Beyoncé lassos a second week at No. 1 with “Texas Hold ‘Em”.






	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Benson Boone		
					






















	
		
					beyonce		
					






















	
		
					Central Cee		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	Djo is the musical project of Joe Keery, the U.S. actor who portrays Steve Harrington in the popular Netflix sci-fi series Stranger Things.





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	







	“End of Beginning” is housed on Djo’s 2022 studio album Decide (AWAL/Djo), but was never released as a single proper. Now, thanks to a viral trend on TikTok, “End of Beginning” rockets up the chart, flying 100-11-5 in the past three weeks. For the latest cycle, the dreamy indie pop single enjoyed a 50.7% week-on-week gain, according to the Official Charts Company. 

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	This isn’t the first time a Stranger Things-adjacent tune has enjoyed an unexpected viral turn. In 2022, powered by season four syncs, Kate Bush’s 1985 release “Running Up That Hill (A Deal With God)” climbed to No. 1 for the first time, setting records along the way, while Metallica’s “Master of Puppets” cracked the top 40 following Eddie Munson’s guitar solo scene – becoming a hit for the first time some 37 years after its release. 

	Meanwhile, Beyoncé extends her reign over the Official U.K. Singles Chart, published Friday, March 1, as her country-tinged hit holds at No. 1 for a second week. “Texas Hold ‘Em” (via Columbia/Parkwood Ent) became Bey’s sixth U.K. leader, and her first in 14 years.

Teddy Swims’ “Lose Control” (Atlantic) lifts 3-2 for a new peak position, while Benson Boone’s “Beautiful Things” (Warner Records) dips 2-3.  

	Further down the tally, Kanye West and Ty Dolla $ign crash the top 10 with “Carnival” (YZY), up 13-9, a new peak position. That’s Ye’s 22nd U.K. top 10 appearance and Ty’s fourth. 

	Finally, SZA snags a top 20 debut with “Saturn” (RCA/Top Dawg), new at No. 15 for the U.S. R&B star’s 13th U.K. top 40 appearance, while British rapper Central Cee scores his 24th top 40 with “I Will” (Columbia). It’s new at No. 18.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.