Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker reportedly requested police patrol to protect their marital home from trespassers. 
The couple, who wed in May 2022, asked law enforcement to keep an eye on their residence “due to past trespassers who’ve made their way onto the property,” TMZ reported Friday.
However, the “Kardashians” star, Blink-182 drummer and their children are reportedly not concerned about a current threat or trespasser.
Page Six reached out to reps for both stars and Los Angeles County Sheriff’s Department, but did not immediately hear back. 
Kardashian, 45, and Barker 48, own a handful of properties, including an oceanfront home in Carpinteria, Calif., that they purchased in 2022 from TV host and comedian Conan O’Brien.
Earlier this year, the Lemme founder revealed she moved into her husband’s 7,196-square-foot, Mediterranean-style home in Calabasas, Calif., since they had welcomed their first child, Rocky, together.
However, Kardashian has kept her own $9 million mansion in the ritzy neighborhood about a block away.
Despite Calabasas being an affluent town, the couple has reasons to be concerned about trespassers. 
In April 2023, a crazed fan drove through Barker’s neighborhood’s security gate in an attempt to meet him. The fan was booked for trespassing. 
Just months before, Kardashian’s sister Kim Kardashian was granted a restraining order against a deranged fan who sent her presents, such as a ring and hotel key cards, and even called her his “wife.”
In December 2022, the Skims founder, 43, was also granted a five-year restraining order against a man who trespassed at her home three times in August 2022 and claimed to be armed. 
Earlier in 2022, Kourtney and Kim’s younger sibling Kendall Jenner obtained a restraining order against a man who tried to break into her pool and go for a swim naked.
The restraining order also protected mom Kris Jenner and sister Kylie Jenner.
Kim, for her part, was subject to yet another scary incident back in 2017, when a trespasser broke into a staff member’s car at the Bel Air mansion she shared with her ex-husband Kanye West.
The trespasser was chased off the property by security guards who had their guns pulled.
Advertisement