"It was… craziness. That's all I can tell you. It was crazy." 

							By 

	Amber Corrine

Staff Writer, News

Kanye West clearly didn’t learn his lesson after snatching a microphone from Taylor Swift in 2009. Six years after the viral moment, West apparently repeated the offense during Steve Stoute’s wedding reception in 2015.

	During an appearance on Shannon Sharpe’s Club Shay Shay, Stoute was asked by the former NFL player if it was true that Ye once took the mic out of Maxwell‘s hands as he sang on his big day. Shocked that Sharpe even knew about the incident, Stoute confirmed that it indeed happened. 

	“Man, how do you know this? Man, shut up. Who told you that? Nah man, who told you this?” Stoute asked over and over in disbelief, to which Sharpe responded, “The night has a thousand eyes. Steve, I’m just asking the question. I just wanna know, my audience wanna know. Maxwell was performing, Kanye got in there and started freestyling — yes or no that happened?”

	






















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Ye's Former Manager Free Maiden Shoots Down Extortion Accusations		
			







	Still in disbelief, Stoute admitted, “Yes, Kanye grabbed the mic and started freestyling, and it was… craziness. That’s all I can tell you. It was crazy.” 

	Watch below.

	Maxwell has never spoken publicly about such an incident, but did confirm at the time that the Yeezy founder attended the ceremony along with JAY-Z, Beyoncé, Alicia Keys, Swizz Beatz, LeBron James, and others. 

	The since-removed post showed that Maxwell was called to sing by Nas. As for Ye, he volunteered himself to freestyle. Per the sources, Maxwell captioned the impromptu performance “Enjoy the moment,” making no reference to a mic-snatching incident. 

	See Steve Stoute recall West taking the mic from Maxwell to freestyle at his wedding above. 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.