Rob Kardashian is back on social media for a milestone occasion.
The Keeping Up with the Kardashians alum returned to his Instagram feed for the first time in eight months to share a message to his late dad Robert Kardashian Sr., who would've turned 80 years old on Feb. 22.
"Happy Birthday Dad," he wrote alongside a throwback photo of his father and mom Kris Jenner. "Thank You for giving me only good memories with you. I miss You every day. I Love You so much."
The Kardashian patriarch died in 2003 from esophageal cancer when Rob was 16.
"He's with you everyday Bobby!! Remember that," sister Khloe Kardashian commented on Rob's post. "Look for his signs. He's trying to show you daily. Never forget how much he loves you. He is so proud of the dad you are!!!!!!"
The Good American founder also posted an emotional video montage of photos with the dad of four.
"I think there will be a piece missing from me for the rest of my life," the audio said. "Although I may try and fill it with people or things, I know I'll always feel that void. And maybe, that's what they mean when they say, ‘I'll hold space for you,' because that space will always be yours."
Alongside the video, Khloe shared an equally emotional reflection.
"I will forever hold space for you," she began. "Happy birthday daddy. I love you. thank you for everything. Every memory. Every lesson. Every laugh. Every ounce of love. Thank you!"
A post shared by Rob Kardashian, dream daddy (@robkardashianofficial)
"PS this audio can be viewed as sad or beautiful," Khloe explained. "I choose beauty. I am not sad anymore. Of course I miss him every single day and wish he were here to meet our babies but I'm not sad. In fact, I feel blessed that I was chosen to have 19 years with the most incredible Man I have ever known. Some people never get that. We did!"
Kim Kardashian also paid tribute to their late dad with a moving message.
"I can't believe you would have been 80 years old today," she wrote on Instagram. "If you were here we would be in Vail skiing together celebrating! I can't ski without thinking of you." 
"I sooo wish you were here to meet all of our babies and see the life we created but I know you're somehow behind all of it," she continued. "Thank you for being the best example of the purest love."
A post shared by Kim Kardashian (@kimkardashian)
Meanwhile, Kourtney Kardashian shared two photos of her donning pink overalls alongside a smiling Robert Sr.
"What I would give to sing him Happy Birthday and hear one of his funny jokes just one last time," she admitted. "He had the best sense of humor and made life so much fun, like every car ride, every meal, watching movies (we had a movie date every Wednesday night and he would show me an old movie each week)… he made it all so fun and special."
A post shared by Kourtney Kardashian Barker (@kourtneykardash)
And the Kardashian matriarch Kris, who split with Robert in 1991, also posted a photo on her Instagram Story with the entire Kardashian family.
"You would be so proud of our kids and I know you are always with us," Kris wrote. "We all love you and miss you endlessly."
And while the Kardashian siblings continue to honor their dad's legacy, keep reading to see the cutest pics of his grandkids.
Just Dance
Kim Kardashian and Khloe Kardashian joined with Chicago West, Dream Kardashian and True Thompson at their dance recital in June 2024.
Play Ball
Khloe also posted this pic of True Thompson with her little brother Tatum Thompson at the dance recital.
True Thompson and Chicago West honored their respective mothers, Khloe Kardashian and Kim Kardashian, in a mischievous way.
True and Chicago shared a sweet moment.
True and Psalm West showed their casts after breaking their arms in August 2023.
Khloe's daughter and Rob Kardashian's daughter Dream Kardashian posed for pics for St. Patrick's Day 2023.
Khloe shared this photo of her daughter True, plus cousins Penelope Disick, Saint West, North West, Reign Disick, Psalm West and Dream in February 2023. She wrote, "This photo was near a miracle to get lol...a handful of other other cousins were off running and playing."
Penelope Disick, North West, Dream Kardashian and True Thompson were all smiles in this February 2023 photo.
Chicago sand her dad Kanye West and XXXTENTACION's song "True Love" while sitting in a vehicle with her little brother Psalm West in October 2022.
...the song references his and Kim Kardashian's four children, but Chicago and Psalm did not perform those parts.
Khloe and True had Dream over for a sleepover in June 2023.
Kylie Jenner, Stormi Webster and Kris Jenner lip-synched one of the momager's confessional lines from The Kardashians in an October 2022 TikTok video.
In August 2022, Kim coined the acronym "best friends forever and ever" to describe True, Chicago and Dream.
Penelope Disick helped North West celebrate her 9th birthday with a "Camp North"-themed getaway to the wilderness with a group of BFFs.
"Today was incredible! Our girls had their first dance recital and they were perfection!!!!" Khloe shared in June 2022. "I am so proud of all four of my girls!"
The cousins celebrated True Thompson's fourth birthday during a cat-themed bash in April 2022.
Penelope and North snapped a video during True's birthday party.
Psalm accompanied True while playing with a furry friend.
The cousins had some fun in a play pen.
True and Dream had an epic dance party to Aqua's '90 hit song "Barbie Girl," which Khloe documented on Instagram.
The BFFs also performed and sang along to the massively popular song from Encanto "We Don't Talk About Bruno."
Could their dance moves be any cuter?!
Chicago, True and Stormi gave each other hugs and kisses in an adorable pic, shared by Kim on Sept. 1. "250 Million followers on IG. I love you guys!" Kim thanked her fans. "I wanted to post this pic because if I could get 250 million kisses from our babies my life would be complete." 
Chicago, True and Stormi showed off their fashion prowess in stylish outfits as they had a hug huddle on Sept. 1. 
Chicago looked back at aunt Khloe as she held hands with True on Aug. 4. 
Dream, Stormi, Chicago and True adorably went window shopping at The Grove on Aug. 4. "Cousins," Khloe captioned with a purple heart emoji.
Reign, Mason, Penelope and North set up a summer lemonade stand also selling custom bracelets. Even Scott received a custom "Lord" bracelet from "pooshalini" Penelope!
"The sweetest girls," Khloe Kardashian captioned a precious moment between cousins Dream Kardashian, True Thompson and Chicago West. 
Former E! star Natalie Halcro's daughter also joined the photo op. 
Dream, True and Chicago posed in matching purple leotards.
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.