Speaking on the "7PM in Brooklyn" podcast, the actor/rapper also talked about Michael Jordan trash-talking him on the court and the Drake-Kendrick Lamar beef.

													By
												

	Gil Kaufman


Common has been a legend in the game for more than three decades. But even with all his success in hip-hop and on the big and little screens, there’s always that nagging “what if?”  question about the doors you didn’t open as well as the ones you did.

	Sitting down on the 7PM in Brooklyn podcast with Carmelo Anthony and Kid Mero this week, the 52-year-old Chicago-bred MC, chopped it up about the NBA playoffs and his favorite ballers — as well as getting seriously trash-talked to by Chicago Bulls legend Michael Jordan — but he also shared some previously unheard stories about working with Ye, including the mountain of Kanye West beats he passed on early in his career.

	










	“It’s at least, 10 Ye beats out there that I passed on,” he said of the tracks he didn’t take from fellow Windy City native West. “Even on one of those albums, he like, ‘Common passed on the beat, I turned it into a jam,'” he added in quoting the chorus from “Everything I Am” from Ye’s 2007 Graduation album.




			Trending on Billboard		






	That wasn’t it, either. Common said he also took a pass on such future Ye tracks as “I Wonder” and “Heard ‘Em Say.” 

	“It’s crazy because I didn’t take any Ye beats, like in that ’96-’97, when-I-met-him era. But then in 2003, I’m like, ‘Ye, lemme get some beats, like come on!,'” Common said. “I felt like at the time No ID was at such a higher level that I was just like, ‘Ye, these beats ain’t doing it for me yet. You gettin’ there, but you ain’t there yet’… I got more memories of joints I passed on, beats that he made for me, that ended up being, like… a lot of his Late Registration album.” 

	For example, Common said Ye made the beat for ‘Heard ‘Em Say” just for him, writing the song in front of him in 10 minutes. “I was like, ‘This beat dope.’ He was like, ‘You want it?’ and I was like, ‘Man I gotta…’ because it didn’t feel like it was fitting in my album [Be]… So I was like, ‘Nah, you good.’ He said, ‘Are you sure?’ I was like, ‘Nah I’m good.'” Looking back now, he told the hosts, yes, of course “that beat was dope.”

	The pair have worked on plenty of other songs, including 2004’s “The Food” single and 2005’s “The Corner,” as well as Ye appearing alongside Common and John Legend on “They Say” from Common’s 2006 Be album, which was produced by West, how also had a heavy hand in writing the entire LP.  

	










	The deep-dive round ball talk also found Common saying that if he had to pick a baller to represent him as a rapper, he’s torn between retired three-time NBA champ Dwayne Wade or power forward-turned-broadcaster and round mound of rebound Charles Barkley. “I say that because D Wade had a lot of success too… but I think sometimes D Wade don’t get all the love [he deserves],” Common said, praising both men for pivoting to other careers after they hung up their jerseys.

	For the record, asked how he felt about the recent Drake-Kendrick Lamar lyrical battle, Common said now that the war is over he’s confident calling it a “good heavyweight fight… I respected what each one delivered.”

	Watch Common on 7PM in Brooklyn below (Ye talk begins around 51-minute mark).
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.