The actress is devastated.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Lili Reinhart has responded to the millions of votes that eventually led to Donald Trump's reelection.
"I cannot fathom the feeling of the women who came forward about their sexual assault at the hands of Trump. Seeing millions of people vote for their abuser," Reinhart wrote on X hours before the election was called for the Republican candidate.
"My heart absolutely breaks for these women. I believe you, and I am so sorry."
I cannot fathom the feeling of the women who came forward about their sexual assault at the hands of Trump. Seeing millions of people vote for their abuser. My heart absolutely breaks for these women. I believe you, and I am so sorry.November 6, 2024
Trump has been accused of sexual misconduct on several occasions, as the Guardian reports. His accusers include Miss Washington 2013 Cassandra Searles, Miss Finland 2006 Ninni Laaksonen, People reporter Natasha Stoynoff, journalist E. Jean Carroll, and even the President's ex-wife Ivana Trump (who later said, "I referred to this as a 'rape,' but I do not want my words to be interpreted in a literal or criminal sense").
There have however been many more accusations of sexual harassment leveled at the President over the years. A video of Trump on Access Hollywood in 2005, which first surfaced in 2016, is once again making the rounds online. In that video, the Apprentice presenter proudly made disturbing comments about women, including: "They let you do it. You can do anything. Grab 'em by the p***y."
The presidential election was called for the tycoon in the early hours of Nov. 6, with 277 electoral college votes for Trump at time of writing to Democratic candidate Kamala Harris' 224, per the Guardian.
A post shared by Taylor Swift (@taylorswift)
A photo posted by on 
Reinhart is one of an overwhelming majority of celebrities to have endorsed or supported Kamala Harris in some way, including Taylor Swift, Beyoncé, Jennifer Lopez, Anne Hathaway, Cardi B, Aubrey Plaza, Stevie Nicks, Eminem, Meghann Fahy, Katy Perry, Zoe Saldaña, Will Ferrell, Katie Holmes, Viola Davis, John Legend, Sarah Jessica Parker, and so many more.
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
A handful of public figures endorsed Donald Trump, including Elon Musk, Kanye West, Hulk Hogan, Jon Voigt, and Russell Brand.
Iris Goldsztajn is a London-based journalist, editor and author. She is the morning editor at Marie Claire, and her work has appeared in the likes of British Vogue, InStyle, Cosmopolitan, Refinery29 and SELF. Iris writes about everything from celebrity news and relationship advice to the pitfalls of diet culture and the joys of exercise. She has many opinions on Harry Styles, and can typically be found eating her body weight in cheap chocolate.

This bag is a $33,000 flex.


\201cI have to be Disneyland for them."


It's time for an upgrade.


"I don't know how it can be bigger than the last one."


"The royal’s PR team are not going to mind that at all."


President Trump has long been an admirer of the Royal Family.


"Trump clearly saw Diana as the ultimate trophy wife."


"We had a great, great talk."


The monarch reportedly found the comment "ignorant and hurtful."


Madge has made her thoughts very clear.


She's devastated.


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.