By REBECCA LAWRENCE FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  15:51, 28 February 2024   |  Updated:  17:28, 28 February 2024   
 500
View  comments
Bianca Censori's latest risqué ensemble sparked fears that she could face prison or a fine of €15,000 after testing the laws of exhibitionism in France.
On Tuesday, the Yeezy architect, 29, wore her most explicit outfit to date as she went underwear free beneath a pair of sheer stockings during a public outing with husband Kanye West. 
She boldly sauntered through the streets of Paris without using her hands to protect her modesty, with crowds of onlookers left gawking at her presence. 
Yet while Bianca went underwear free on the outing, she wasn't without any covering, as the uncensored pictures released by MailOnline show. 
Just visible under her stockings was a thin strip of flesh coloured material, secured to her genitals to create a smooth appearance.  
Bianca Censor relied on a  $16 movie set trick that allowed her to go underwear free in sheer tights without breaking French laws on exhibitionism during an outing in Paris on Tuesday
Just visible under the stockings was a thin strip of flesh coloured material, secured to her genitals to create a smooth appearance.
These types of coverings, such as the $16 Shibue, are typically used on Hollywood movie and TV sets in order to protect the actors' modesty during intimate scenes
These types of coverings are typically used on Hollywood movie and TV sets in order to protect the actors' modesty during intimate scenes. 
HBO's lead intimacy coordinator Alicia Rodis previously revealed that they are the go-to for raunchy moments on set, explaining: 'If we are going to see someone fully naked, but not their genitals — and they’re in the bed, with sheets. So what do we need to make sure?'
'We take a Shibue, open it up, and put a silicone guard underneath so everyone becomes like a Barbie doll.'
Shibue’s cost $16 (£13) and are held in place by a washable and reusable silicone gel adhesive that is adhered to the top of the vulva and the bottom leaving nothing but a smooth silhouette. 
While Bianca seemingly used this trick to keep her intimate area under wraps, she didn't take such precautions with her upper half. 
She also did not appear to be wearing a shirt or bra under a cropped fur coat as she returned to the Ritz Hotel with hoodie-clad Kanye after enjoying dinner at Ferdi.
It had been speculated that Bianca's racy ensemble could have seen her breaching Paris' decency laws.  
Article 222-32 of the new penal code (applicable since 1 March 1994) stipulates: 'Deliberate sexual display in the sight of others in a place accessible to the public gaze is punishable by one year in prison and a fine of one hundred thousand francs. [€15,000]'
Nudity itself does not equal indecency, however, with the legislator stipulating: 'The charge has been worded in such a way as to rule out any possibility of proceedings against persons practising naturism in places specially designated for this purpose.'
Bianca boldly sauntered through the streets of Paris without using her hands to protect her modesty, with crowds of onlookers left gawking at her presence
She did not appear to be wearing a shirt or bra under a cropped fur coat as she returned to the Ritz Hotel with hoodie-clad Kanye after enjoying dinner at Ferdi
The tights left nothing to the imagination as she made her way towards the restaurant entrance
Kanye, 46, was spotted following closely behind his nearly-nude wife
This isn't the first time, Bianca has risked a run-in with the law due to her wild antics on holiday. 
Last year, Bianca ran the risk of a €10,000 fine and imprisonment during the couple's trip to Italy, where she had been walking around 'virtually naked' in the European nation. 
According to the Italian Constitutional Court, a fine from 5,000 to 10,000 euros can be issued, or whoever exposes in a place or nearby to a place attended by minors, may be sentenced from four months to four years imprisonment. 
For one outing Bianca went braless in a skintight see through all-in-one and at some points was forced to cover her nipples with a black cross-body bag.
Italian locals branded the Kim Kardashian lookalike's outfits 'disrespectful' on social media, with some saying the 'immodest' couple are no longer welcome in a country known for its conservative Catholic heritage. 
Bianca and Kanye were also investigated by police after they were caught on camera in a compromising position during their Italian holiday.
MailOnline has contacted Bianca's representatives and the French embassy for comment. 
Bianca has paraded around the world with Kanye in barely there looks since they tied the knot in 2022.
However, insiders recently claimed to DailyMail.com that Kanye's ex-wife Kim Kardashian warned the rapper to tell Bianca to 'cover up' around their children.
Bianca's underwear-free outing in Paris came just one day after she was on stepmom duty with Kanye's eldest daughter North West, 10.
The rapper also shares Saint, eight, Chicago, six, and Psalm, four, with Kim. 
Unlike Tuesday's look, Bianca was uncharacteristically clothed as she took North to dinner on Monday night.
Kim and Bianca are said to have an 'amicable' relationship but the risqué fashion in front of the kids has become an issue for her.
'Kim instructed Kanye to never let Bianca dress like that around their kids,' a source told DailyMail.com exclusively.
'She is truly surprised that Kanye would let his wife leave the house like that.'
Last year, Bianca ran the risk of a €10,000 fine and imprisonment during the couple's trip to Italy, where she had been walking around 'virtually naked' in the European nation 
Bianca and Kanye were also investigated by police after they were caught on camera in a compromising position during their Italian holiday 
Unlike Bianca's raunchy wardrobe, Kim was asked to change her outfits if Kanye felt she was showing too much skin, with the artist heavily influencing her fashion choices during their seven-year marriage.
'Kanye did the same thing he is doing with Bianca to Kim throughout heir marriage,' DailyMail.com's source continued. 'The difference is that when Kanye dressed Kim, he was respected as a person – as an artist.
'Unfortunately, Kim knows what Bianca is going through – but she feels Bianca should have known what she was getting into.'
Kim filed for divorce in February 2021 just before what would have been the pair's seventh wedding anniversary.
She was declared legally single March 2022 while in the midst of a hot and heavy romance with now-ex boyfriend SNL alum Pete Davidson.
In November 2022, Kim and Kanye's divorce was finalized, with Kanye agreeing to pay $200,000 a month in child support and equal custody.
Kanye married Yeezy architect Bianca in December 2022 in what was thought a non-legal wedding as it appeared they did not file a marriage certificate.
However in mid-October 2023, it was reported that they did in fact get legally married and that it took place last year due to 'religious reasons,' per Us Weekly.
Bianca's underwear-free outing in Paris came just one day after she was on stepmom duty with Kanye's eldest daughter North West, 10 
Kanye's ex-wife Kim Kardashian warned the rapper to tell Bianca to 'cover up' around their children: North, Saint, eight, Chicago, six, and Psalm, four

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group