staff writer
Che Smith, better known as the songwriter Rhymefest, announces his candidacy for Chicago's soon-to-be-elected school board at the Silver Room, 1506 E. 53rd St., on Thursday, April 4, 2024.
Che “Rhymefest” Smith, a Grammy Award-winning songwriter known for his collaborations with Kanye West and John Legend, is running to be one of the first members of Chicago’s new elected school board. 
Smith is running for the 10th District, which encompasses Bronzeville, Kenwood Hyde Park and South Shore, as well as South Chicago to the Illinois-Indiana state line. If elected, Smith said at his campaign launch last week, he wants to make sure that schools have mental health resources and arts programming and are fiscally responsible and transparent.
A Chicago Public Schools (CPS) alumnus, Smith kicked off his April 4 announcement at the Silver Room, 1506 E. 53rd St., by singing “Glory,” the Academy Award-winning song he wrote with John Legend and rap artist Common. 
“That song was written by two products of the Chicago Public Schools (CPS),” he said. "And what did we learn about when we went to those schools? We learned about our community, we learned about our ancestors, we learned about our history ….  And somewhere along that road, we've gone off course.” 
Smith’s family has lived in Chatham for more than 80 years, his wife is a former CPS teacher and one of his children attended CPS schools. 
“I’m not a bureaucrat, I’m not the insider politician guy,” he said. “I would like to help serve the community that I grew up in and made me.” 
This year, the Chicago Board of Education will hold its first-ever election for 10 of its seats. The board’s remaining 11 seats will be appointed by the mayor. After an election this November, the new board will begin their two-year terms in January of 2025. 
In preparation for the soon-to-be elected school board, state lawmakers created a new map dividing the city’s public schools into 10 districts. Each district is subdivided into two regions; the mayor will appoint a board member from the region that the elected member is not from. 
Running in one of few districts with more than one candidate, Smith is joined in the race by Adam Parrott-Sheffer, a former principal and educational consultant. Parrot-Sheffer was one of the first candidates to file the paperwork to run in early March; an interview with the Herald is forthcoming. 
Across the city, 13 candidates have filed to run so far, according to the Illinois State Board of Elections. Candidates have until June 24 to collect 1,000 signatures to get on the ballot. 
“Far too often, historically, in Chicago, we’ve been dictated to in our communities, we’ve been told what our schools will look like,” Smith said Thursday. “As a resident of Chicago, as someone who came through Chicago Public Schools, (I) can help coalesce the voice of the people from the community.”
Describing neighborhood schools as “pillars” in their communities, Smith said he wants to bring more resources to them, such as wraparound mental health services and anti-bullying programs. He also wants to help ensure that arts programming doesn’t get cut from school budgets, that CPS is transparent with its finances and that schools are more communicative with families.
While collecting signatures around the South Side, Smith said that communication from schools about when (and why) decisions were made was a big issue among parents. He said he also saw a lot of concern that science and technology curriculums were lagging behind advancements.
“Are your children learning robotics? Are they learning hydroponics? Are they learning solar? Is it STEAM?” Smith asked attendees. These are the types of programs, he continued, that should be prioritized in school budgets. Smith added that he would also like students to learn to utilize arts, such as music, painting, photography and dance, “for social and political justice.” 
“I would like to leverage what young people are into, and show where they can change and reimagine their communities through their gifts,” he said. 
Other things Smith wants to pursue are getting healthier lunches in schools and forming a “youth committee” of students to “help make decisions on how we vote.” 
Outside of music, Smith is involved in a number of community and philanthropic organizations. He works with young people through the CHAMPS mentoring program, which “really motivated me to say there’s more we can do in more places,” and leads the youth outreach nonprofit Art of Culture, formerly Donda’s House. 
Smith is also a former aldermanic candidate for the 20th Ward, which he narrowly lost to Willie Cochran in 2011. This past fall, he was an Axelrod Pritzker Fellow at the University of Chicago, where he taught seminars on topics related to race, culture and music.
Of his decision to run, Smith told the Herald, “I have the time, I have the care and this is what I love to do.” School board members are not compensated, but can be reimbursed for expenses related to duties.  
“It’s time that I not only serve the world with music … but that I stay in the community and help build it as well, so we can be connected to a global network,” Smith said. 
staff writer
Cloudy skies with periods of rain this afternoon. High near 50F. Winds N at 15 to 25 mph. Chance of rain 90%. Rainfall near a quarter of an inch.  Higher wind gusts possible..
                                
Steady light rain this evening. Showers continuing overnight. Low 46F. Winds NNE at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of rain 70%.
 Updated: May 4, 2025 @ 5:03 am

                            Please sign up for our Evening Digest and Breaking Newsletters
                        

Success! An email has been sent to  with a link to confirm list signup.
                                    

Error! There was an error processing your request.
                                    

                            * I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site constitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy.
                        

Success! An email has been sent to  with a link to confirm list signup.
            

Error! There was an error processing your request.
            
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: