Kanye West's former assistant Lauren Pisciotta has made some explosive allegations against the rapper in a bombshell lawsuit.
Pisciotta, who sued West in June for alleged stalking and sexual harassment, updated her lawsuit this week. She alleges that West had an "obsession" with the idea of having "sex with the Mother's of the women he targeted as one of his sexual kinks". It's claimed that one of these women was Bianca Censori's mum. Court documents obtained by The Mirror reveal that West allegedly sent Pisciotta a text message on September 28, bragging about a sexual conversation he had with Bianca Censori. In the alleged conversation, West is accused of telling Censori that he "wants to have sex with her mother who was visiting Los Angeles from Australia". West then allegedly sent a screenshot of the conversation to Pisciotta and shared Cenori's reply.
The court documents allege: "Within the screenshot that Defendant shared with Plaintiff, KANYE WEST a.k.a YE says to Bianca Censori: 'I wanna f--- your mom Before she leaves'. After KANYE WEST a.k.a YE shared the screenshot of the text conversation he was having with Bianca Censori, Defendant then texted Plaintiff and said: 'Just took the toxicities up a level'."
"KANYE WEST a.k.a YE then immediately asked Plaintiff if he should send the following text message to Bianca Censori after he previously said he wanted to fuck Bianca Censori's mother: 'Should I ad I meant I want you to watch me f--- your mom'," according to the claims made in the lawsuit.
West then claimed Censori replied to his message saying she was going to have sex with someone else. The alleged text message from West to Pisciotta read: "'This is what she [Bianca Censori] wrote she's [Bianca Censori's mother] married I'm going to f--- someone this weekend and tell you the next time you're inside me'," the lawsuit alleges.
Notably, at the time these messages were exchanged, Censori was not married to West; however, they did eventually tie the knot on November 2022. Censori is described as West's "on call sex-party participant/employee on a YEEZY, LLC work visa".
Elsewhere in the lawsuit, West has been accused of "frequently" discussing his "fetish and unusual desire to be cheated on and/or humiliated and hurt by his sexual partners so that he could watch and/or be told exact details of the sexual encounter, including, but not limited to, the penis size of the male participants and the women's reaction to the male participants penis size."
The updated documents continue: "Defendant would often boast and send videos, photos and screenshots of conversations he had with his sexual partners to 'show-off' to Plaintiff when he had a new fantasy on his mind."
While West has stayed quiet about these latest allegations, his representative did deny Pisciotta's original lawsuit claims. His attorney slammed the allegations as "baseless" to TMZ, dismissing Pisciotta’s actions as attempts at "blackmail and extortion".
The Mirror has approached a representative for West and Censori and his attorney for comment.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok , Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.