The Kidd Kraddick Morning Show

King Charles is reportedly not doing well… Reba McEntire to host 2024 ACM Awards… Kanye West has deleted his X account… Taylor shares behind the scenes footage… and Emma Stone wants to change back to her real name
Queen Elizabeth reigned for 70 years. All that time, Prince Charles was just waiting for his mummy to retire and pass that crown down to him, but she held onto it with both hands until she passed away on September 8, 2022. King Charles’ coronation was held in May of last year, and he has loved every second of being king. But then in February, Buckingham Palace announced that when King Charles went in for surgery for an enlarged prostate, they discovered he had cancer. The Palace didn’t disclose what type of cancer, but said King Charles would be postponing royal duties while undergoing treatment. We didn’t see him again until Easter services, which would’ve been Queen Elizabeth’s 98th birthday. But since then, the king has been continuing his treatment in private. However, sources say he’s not doing well. One of his friends reportedly told the Daily Beast, “Everyone is staying optimistic, but he is really very unwell. More than they are letting on.” The Daily Beast also reported that the king’s funeral plans — codenamed Operation Menai Bridge — are currently being reviewed. Officials are looking back to Queen Elizabeth’s funeral, noting what was done well and what could be done better. Sources say while funeral plans are constantly in review, King Charles’ health issues have given his funeral plans a different sense of urgency.
Speaking to friends of King Charles in recent weeks about his health, the most common response is a lowering of the voice by half an octave or so, followed by the sombre, drawn-out pronouncement: “It’s not good.”https://t.co/ET5LXRuikd
Eminem’s 12th studio album is coming soon! The Death of Slim Shady (Coup De Grace) is set for a summer release. We don’t have an exact date. This is Eminem’s first major music release since the surprise drop of Music to Be Murdered By in January 2020. Also preparing to hit us with some new music is Reba McEntire, who will let us hear what she’s been working on when she hosts the ACM Awards for a record 17th time on May 16th at the Ford Center at The Star in Frisco.
Reba McEntire Will Host the 2024 ACM Awards for the 17th timeMore: https://t.co/51YEGBIvst pic.twitter.com/lIJfXOb183
Kanye West – who would prefer to be called Ye – has deleted his X account. Apparently, he doesn’t want to see all the comments about his new porn project. With the help of Stormy Daniels’ ex-husband Mike Moz, Ye is building his own adult entertainment production studio. But some people find this quite hypocritical coming off his Jesus Is King era, encouraging Kanye to rebuke the devil and return to Christ.
Ye Deactivates X Account After Announcing Yeezy Adult Content https://t.co/Li7d54RqBB
Taylor Swift is currently in rehearsals for her return to the Eras Tour, which picks back up on May 9th in Paris. She’s spend the next 4 months in Europe and then return to the States. But based on YouTube Shorts, fans think Taylor will be changing up the set list to add music from The Tortured Poets Department. In one shot, Taylor is surrounded by her backup dancers who are wearing top hats and holding canes. We haven’t seen that on this tour. There’a also a clip of Taylor sitting down with her guitar, which has fans thinking this could be a new moment, as well. But she always does a couple surprise acoustic songs, so maybe the surprises will be from TTPD.
Did you know Emma Stone’s name isn’t Emma?  It’s Emily. When she went to join the Screen Actors Guild, another Emily Stone beat her to it, and according to the rules, she had to change it. But the woman we now know as Emma Stone HATES it. A few years ago, she freaked out and said, “I can’t do it anymore.  Just call me Emily.” So while she would prefer to be called her birth name, if fans call her “Emma” she won’t correct them. However, she says people she knows call her Emily. So who IS the Emily Stone who beat her to SAG? I did a quick check of IMDb and found Emily Stone’s first appearance in 2002’s Making Juice: The Making of Juice, which is described as a mockumentary about the making of a sci-fi film shot entirely on a blue-screen, and Emily plays a character named Silverstarr. In 2004, Emily resurfaced in Pour Un Temps, which translates to For a Time. Imdb says this one is about a brother and sister relationship and how they come to terms with it. Emily plays “friend.” And the last thing I found was 2005’s Coma Girl: The State of Grace. Emily plays Kate in this comedy, which is centered around a character named Grace Andersen, who never knew how to feed good, hated to feed bad, so she chose to feel nothing. By default, can’t Emma Stone just have Emily back?
Emma Stone Wants To Change Back To Her Real Name Emily Stone | Click to read more https://t.co/kGU2RkEmpD

The Kidd Kraddick Morning Show