By MADISON BURGESS 
 Published:  10:20, 18 June 2024   |  Updated:  10:49, 18 June 2024   
 26
View  comments
Sabrina Carpenter has spoken out for the first time about posing for Kim Kardashian's SKIMS campaign earlier this year.
The Espresso hitmaker, 25, who gets 71.9M monthly listeners on Spotify, modelled for the shapewear brand back in April.
However, not everyone was impressed with Sabrina's high profile modelling job, with fans wondering if her touring partner and pal Taylor Swift approved of the collab with her rival Kim.
Taylor, 34, and Kim, 43, have been locked in a feud since 2016, and rising star Sabrina is a close friend of Taylor's, joining her as a support act for several dates of her Eras tour.
Following the backlash she faced for working with The Kardashians star, speaking to Rolling Stone, Sabrina has finally broken her silence on the controversial decision.
Sabrina Carpenter has spoken out for the first time about posing for Kim Kardashian's SKIMS campaign earlier this year
The Espresso hitmaker, 25, who gets 71.9M monthly listeners on Spotify, modelled for the shapewear brand back in April
The Pennsylvania-born blonde insisted that the collaboration didn't cause any bad blood between her and Taylor.
She told the publication: 'As much as people want to believe you're tuned into every little thing, I'm not because I'm constantly working. 
'In that scenario, I've been very, very communicative with her about that situation, and I just love her so much and support her till the end.
'So it was no weirdness for me, but I know people will just say things because that's all they have time to do.'
Taylor and Kim's feud began back in 2016 when Kim released a recorded phone call claiming that Taylor gave consent for her then-husband Kanye West to pen vulgar lyrics about her.
Since then both stars have made various jibes and references to the row, with Taylor particularly taking aim in her 2017 album Reputation.
The latest development came when the pop star released her 11th studio album, The Tortured Poet's Department.
It featured a song titled Thank You Aimee — stylized as 'thanK you aIMee,' spelling out Kim in capital letters — which fans took to refer to Kardashian due to their previous feuding.
Sabrina gushed: 'I hold her to such a different echelon. I could never compare my life, my career, my trajectory to anything close to what she's done'
Taylor and Kim have been locked in a long-running feud, and rising star Sabrina is a close friend of Taylor's, joining her as a support act for several dates of her Eras tour (Taylor and Kim in 2015)
Sabrina was full of praise for her Taylor in the Rolling Stone interview, gushing: 'I hold her to such a different echelon (pictured in September 2023)
She posted the snaps to her Instagram and captioned them, 'hellooo it's sabrina your spring @skims girl,' she wrote, along with a hearts, cherry, and bird hatching emoji. 'Spring intimates drop 4.03 at skims.com'
In January, Lana Del Rey, 38, donned a satin blue and lace bodysuit as she posed seductively inside a giant heart for SKIMS. Pictured with Taylor in February
Elsewhere in November, Brittany Mahomes, known for her huddled up and enthusiastic appearances alongside the singer at Kansas City Chiefs games, also starred in a holiday-themed photoshoot for the shapewear company
The lyrics include: 'All that time you were throwin' punches, I was buildin' somethin' / And I can't forgive the way you made me feel / Screamed 'F**k you, Aimee' to the night sky, as the blood was gushin' / But I can't forget the way you made me heal.'
Sabrina was full of praise for her Taylor in the Rolling Stone interview, gushing: 'I hold her to such a different echelon. I could never compare my life, my career, my trajectory to anything close to what she's done.'
The SKIMS snaps from the Spring campaign depict Sabrina hanging out in her bedroom, strewn with books and decorated with celebrity posters, as she chats with a friend on a landline phone and listens to her portable CD player.
She posted the pictures to her Instagram and captioned them, 'hellooo it's sabrina your spring @skims girl,' she wrote, along with a hearts, cherry, and bird hatching emoji. 'Spring intimates drop 4.03 at skims.com.'
At the time, Kim gushed: 'Sabrina is not only a very talented musician, but she also has a fashion sense and an 'it' factor that really resonates with the next generation.'
She continued: 'Her talent and playful style brings a new energy to these collections, and the campaign is so fun!'
And Sabrina isn't the only member of Taylor's girl squad to work with the brand.
Earlier this year, Lana Del Rey- who Taylor emotionally praised in her Grammy acceptance speech in February - teamed up with SKIMS for a Valentine's Day campaign.
Elsewhere in November, Brittany Mahomes, known for her huddled up and enthusiastic appearances alongside the singer at Kansas City Chiefs games, also starred in a holiday-themed photoshoot for the shapewear company.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group