Photo: Getty Images
Big Sean seemingly fires shots at Ye amid the two artists' growing rift. On Tuesday night, July 16, On The Radar Radio debuted its incredible new freestyle from the Detroit rapper. As the instrumental of Aaliyah's "If Your Girl Only Knew" plays, Sean opens his verse with bars that appear to allude to his former label boss' past comments about him. "I had to switch the home team ’cause they committed treason,” he rapped. “N***as looking for engagement like they got their knee bent/I got better things to do than to find someone to beef with.”
Back in 2021, the artist formerly known as Kanye West went on Drink Champs and told hosts N.O.R.E. & DJ EFN that signing Sean to G.O.O.D Music was the "worst thing" he ever did. At the time, Sean said he hung out with Ye right after the interview, and noted that "he ain’t say none of that!" It seems as though he never forgot about that moment. The 36-year-old doesn't call out Ye by name in his new freestyle, but there are other potential references to him. Later in his verse, Sean raps, "Man, this industry is terrible, I can’t even vouch/I’ve seen grown men get matching tattoos for the clout.” This could refer to the infamous photo Ye took with Steve Lacy and Lil Uzi Vert after they got matching tattoos on their arms in 2022. Their tattoos say, “We Here Forever Technically.”Some people believed Sean's opening bars were a dig at Kendrick Lamar at first. However, DJ Hed said he spoke with Sean and clarified that K.Dot was not the intended target. “I talked to Sean," Hed wrote on X. "The bar was ‘I got better things to do then find someone to beef with.’ And it was not for Dot. Bar was directed at a different Gemini.”The freestyle arrived just 24 hours after Sean premiered a fresh collaboration with Ye. During an Instagram Live session on Monday, Sean played several unreleased tracks including one reportedly called "Fighting Fires," which might appear on Ye & Ty Dolla $ign's Vultures 2 album. Watch Big Sean spit hot fire for his On The Radar Radio freestyle below.