Mar 30, 2024
Make sure you don’t soil your britches next Friday at the Maui Arts & Cultural Center as Wanda Sykes will be there to entertain your socks off.
Photo courtesy Maui Arts & Cultural Center

The Maui News
Emmy winning comedian, Wanda Sykes, will perform at the Maui Arts & Cultural Center on April 5 as part of the “Please & Thank You” tour 2024. It’s her first major tour in six years.
Sykes likes walking on stage to Earth Wind and Fire’s “Shining Star”. She did it in her hilarious 2023 Netflix special “I’m An Entertainer,” and launched into a range of hot topics including the January 6, 2021, insurrection and Kanye West wearing a “White Lives Matter” T-shirt. 
The laughs kept coming as she aimed astute observations at white supremacy, racism, transphobia, the QAnon shaman, and banning books, along with her French wife, raising Gen Z teens, and Lizzo’s flute. And there were fond childhood memories of the mosquito man, who used to drive through her rural neighborhood, spraying pesticides over the kids. “That was like the circus, an exciting time,” Sykes recalled.
Pointing out why Black people aren’t allowed to be weird for fear of being murdered in the street, she said in the special, “We have to fit the stereotype. We don’t fit the stereotype, it freaks people.” Like Lizzo playing the flute. Whereas, “white people do weird **** all the time. Renaissance fairs, what the **** is that?”
The Hollywood Reporter praised the special. 
“Sykes packs a remarkable amount of political humor into the hour of comedy, all with a personal approach that, she says, ‘makes it more relatable’.”
Sykes noted she has an intriguing heritage. Her 9th great-grandmother was a white indentured servant who had a child with a black slave. As a consequence, according to Virginia court documents, Elizabeth Banks was given 39 lashes in 1683 for “fornication & Bastardy with a negroe slave.” The biracial child, Mary Banks, inherited her mother’s free status. Historian Ira Berlin reported in The New York Times, Sykes family history is “the only case I know of in which it is possible to trace a black family rooted in freedom from the late 17th century to the present.”
Funny and candid as a young child, Sykes told the Washingtonian Magazine, “I was very outspoken, and it got to the point that whenever they (her parents) had guests over, they would send me off to my grandmother’s because they had no idea what was going to come out of my mouth.” Later in her high-school yearbook, friends wrote, “You’re so funny, you should be onstage.”
It’s likely not widely known that before she became a comedian, Sykes worked for the National Security Agency with a top secret security clearance.
Interviewed on “The Late Show with Stephen Colbert ” in 2019, she explained people with top secret clearance are not allowed any debt, for fear of blackmail or manipulation by a foreign power. Once flagged for buying stereo equipment on credit, after five years she gave up her government job to become a stand-up.
Since getting her big break in 1997 as a writer-performer on “The Chris Rock Show,” Sykes has produced several standup specials and starred in hit movies and TV shows, from “Curb Your Enthusiasm” to “The Upshaws.”
Nominated for a Golden Globe and a Grammy Award for her Netflix special, Sykes told NPR’s “Fresh Air,” “I love doing stand-up. That’s where I feel like I can be free.”
Wanda Sykes performs in the MACC’s Castle Theater on April 5, at 7:30 p.m. Tickets are $49.50, $65, and $85 (plus applicable fees), available online at Mauiarts.org. Use of phones, smart watches, and accessories will not be permitted. Upon arrival at the MACC all phones, smart watches, and accessories will be secured in individual Yondr pouches. Anyone using a device (phone, smart watch, or accessories) during the performance will be escorted out of the venue.
		





				Make sure you don’t soil your britches next Friday at the Maui Arts & Cultural Center as Wanda Sykes will be there to entertain your socks off.
Photo courtesy Maui Arts & Cultural Center

				



A grant information session for Maui County’s recycling grants program will be at 2 p.m. May 7 in the Mayor’s ...
In light of increased property values driving up tax payments, the Maui County Council’s budget committee has ...
Copyright © 2025 Maui News Publishing Company, LTD | https://www.mauinews.com | 100 Mahalani Street, Wailuku, HI 96793 | 808-242-6363