KANYE West has been named a suspect in a battery case over claims he punched a man who allegedly assaulted his wife.
Cops are probing the alleged attack that happened in Los Angeles on Tuesday night.
TMZ originally reported claimed that Bianca Censori was grabbed or pushed by the man, but West’s rep told The U.S. Sun that she was physically assaulted.
“’Grabbed' is a grossly inadequate as a description of what happened,” they claimed.
"The assailant didn't merely collide into her."
"He put his hands under her dress, directly on her body, he grabbed her waist, he spun her around, and then he blew her kisses. She was battered and sexually assaulted," the rep said.
West and Censori left the scene and the man who was allegedly attacked did not need any treatment.
West, known as Ye, has not yet been charged as investigations continue.
Cops reportedly want to speak to the artist, according to TMZ.
It's not known where in Los Angeles the alleged attack happened.
Police have not revealed whether the man who allegedly assaulted Censori has been charged. 
The U.S. Sun has approached the Los Angeles Police Department for comment.
West and Censori, 29, have been married since December 2022.
Censori is an Australian architect who has worked for West's company Yeezy since 2020.
West and Censori just a month after his divorce from Kim Kardashian was finalized.
The pair was spotted at Disneyland in Anaheim, California, on Tuesday.
The couple was seen arm-in-arm as they wandered through Galaxy's Edge - a Star Wars-themed section of the park.
Pictures showed him sporting an all-white attire while Censori donned a nude-colored bodysuit.
West is known for his music and released Vultures 1 - the album he worked on alongside fellow rapper Ty Dollar Sign - earlier this year but The U.S. Sun reported how he's struggled to land gigs across Europe, Asia, and Australia.
The music mogul has sparked controversy in recent years due to unhinged rants.
Promoters in major cities including Berlin and Munich are said to have turned away his approaches.
West faced similar reactions when approaching promoters in Asia and the Middle East.
And, sources have told The U.S. Sun the rapper has also been banned from performing in Brazil.
©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO)
Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click this link: thesun.co.uk/editorial-complaints/