Kanye West has deleted his social media accounts following outrage amid plans to launch a Yeezy Porn studio.
The 46-year-old rapper, who previously revealed he had a pornography addiction that led to the demise of his family, deactivated his accounts after posting a crude announcement about his studio coming soon.
West, who has found himself in hot water on several occasions, such as in the fall of 2022 when he spewed anti-Semitic remarks, received dozens of reactions from disappointed fans once learning of his venture into adult entertainment.
One fan commented, "I thought you gave your life to Christ. What happened, man? You took it back, or what?"
West is known for his spiritually driven projects, including his 2019 album Jesus is King and his Sunday Services, so naturally, the internet had much to say.
"Go back to Christ; this ain't it, while another advised, 'Find God."
A number of other users noted West's past comments on porn to contradict his new stance by sharing anti-porn sentiments he expressed on his Twitter account in December 2022, according to the Daily Mail.
"We just fetched your archives," taunted one user.
Many seem to think his decision was influenced by his wife Bianca Censori's shocking outfit choices.
A representative for West informed the media outlet that the artist hopes to add an adult entertainment enterprise to his Yeezy empire as early as this summer.
He's allegedly in talks with adult film producer Mike Moz in the hopes he will run the studio for him.
West previously touched on his porn addiction in 2019, disclosing that his fixation with adult entertainment began when he was just five years old.
'For me, Playboy was my gateway into a full-on pornography addiction. My dad had a Playboy left out at age five, and it's affected almost every choice I made for the rest of my life,' he told Beats 1 Radio.
The problematic star also faced accusations that he presided over a "sexualized" work environment filled with pornography at Yeezy.
Allegations published in an exposé by Rolling Stone stated that West showed staffers nude photos and footage of ex-wife Kim in a bid to intimidate them.