Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
It's a combination of people you'd ever expect to be in the same room as one another, but after one of his many Great North Run wins, Sir Mo Farah partied with stars from Geordie Shore at a Newcastle night club.
This time 12 months ago, Olympic legend Mo was relaxing after finishing his last ever Great North Run, after crossing the line first at the famous half marathon from Newcastle to South Shields six years in a row in 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018 and 2019. And it was after his victory in 2017 that Mo headed to well known nightspot Tup Tup Palace in Newcastle city centre.
The club is well known for being the scene of plenty of action in the early days of Geordie Shore and two stars from the MTV show, Kyle Christie and Aaron Chalmers were at Tup Tup at the same time as Mo, with the pair and their friends joining him for a picture. A spokesperson for the club told ChronicleLive that Mo was 'on the waters' all night and was happy to have his picture taken with anyone who asked, with many people shocked to see him there.
READ MORE: Great North Run 2024 in 84 wonderful photos as 60,000 take part in rain soaked race
Get all the latest TV and showbiz news and gossip from Chronicle Live with our free newsletter
Tup Tup has hosted plenty of major stars over the years, including Kanye West, 50 Cent, Ed Sheeran and Girls Aloud and at the end of this week, will enter a new era, when it re-opens its doors following a transformation inside, with the club shut to customers for the last few weeks to allow for the makeover to take place.
With Mo absent from the elite men's field, this year's Great North Run was won by Abel Kipchumba, who took an early lead and pulled ahead of his rivals, to finish nearly two minutes ahead of the chasing pack.
The women's race was won in dramatic circumstances by Mary Ngugi-Cooper, who clinched victory by just one second, with JohnBoy Smith and Jade Hall take the titles in the wheelchair races.
ChronicleLive is now on WhatsApp and we want you to join our communities.
We have a number of communities to join, so you can choose which one you want to be part of and we'll send you the latest news direct to your phone. You could even join them all!
To join you need to have WhatsApp on your device. All you need to do is choose which community you want to join, click on the link and press 'join community'.
No one will be able to see who is signed up and no one can send messages except the ChronicleLive team.
We also treat our community members to special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners.
If you don't like our community, you can check out any time you like. To leave our community click on the name at the top of your screen and choose 'exit group'.
If you’re curious, you can read our privacy notice.
Join the ChronicleLive Breaking News and Top Stories community
Join our Court & Crime community
Join the Things to do in Newcastle and the North East community
Join our Northumberland community
Join our County Durham community
Join our Sunderland community
Join our NUFC community 
Join our SAFC community
Join our Great North Run community