Sign up for your daily dose of dope.
West put his Malibu property on the market last month after an ex-employee accused him of harsh working conditions.
Contact us by Email
Jan. 3 2024, Published 12:00 p.m. ET
Kanye West’s Yeezy demanded a wrongful termination lawsuit brought by an ex-employee be thrown out of court. 
According to court documents obtained by RadarOnline.com, lawyers representing Yeezy denied all allegations of wrongdoing in the suit brought by Maya Stewart in March 2023. 
Stewart sued Yeezy and The Gap. 
In her suit, Stewart claimed she was let go after making complaints about meal breaks and pay. 
The lawsuit accused Yeezy and Gap of whistleblower retaliation, retaliation, failure to prevent discrimination and retaliation, wrongful termination, and failure to pay overtime.
In court documents, Stewart said she was hired by Yeezy and Gap in January 2021 as an Accessories Developer. 
Stewart said she first complained about meal and rest break violations in the Spring of 2021. She claimed to have discussed the issue with the head of Yeezy Gap and various other executives.
The designer said her pay was reduced from $60 per hour down to $50 per hour after she complained. 
Later, Stewart said she raised the issue about overtime not being paid properly. The suit accused the defendants of retaliating against Stewart and refusing to pay her June 2021 and all future compensation owed. 
In court documents, Stewart claimed to have worked between 50-80 hours per work and argued she was entitled to overtime pay.
Stewart claimed during her last week of work in June 2021, she worked 21 hours per day. 
The suit claimed Yeezy had Stewart use her own supplies at times and failed to provide proper lunch breaks. 
Stewart’s lawsuit claimed she suffered humiliation shame, despair, embarrassment, depression, mental pain and anguish over the firing. She demanded unspecified damages. 
As RadarOnline.com first reported, The Gap demanded Kanye be liable for any damages awarded to Stewart. The company denied all allegations of wrongdoing. 
Daily updates from the heart of Hollywood, right to your inbox
By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you’re agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
He's accused of owning over $1 million in unpaid taxes after his Yeezy Apparel was hit with four liens totaling a whopping $934,033.56.
Now, Yeezy filed its official response and argued its actions in the matter were “justified.” 
“Defendants did not authorize, direct or ratify any alleged wrongful conduct,” the response read. “Plaintiff’s claims are barred for the reason that the alleged conduct of Defendants was at all times undertaken in the good-faith exercise of a legitimate business purpose.” 
Yeezy demanded the entire suit be thrown out and Stewart be ordered to cover its legal fees.
Email us at tips@radaronline.com
It's all over all right. On May 14, just one day before news broke that Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez are allegedly headed toward a divorce, the singer was spotted house-hunting on her own in Beverly Hills, RadarOnline.com revealed.
BY Aaron Johnson
Clint Eastwood has hit his “frankly, I don’t give a damn” moment in life!
BY Radar Staff
Tom Cruise is living up to his Top Gun image by splashing a fortune choppering his new female “best pal” around Britain – after he “fell in love” with the way she's overcome her disability.
BY Aaron Tinney
More From Radar Online
Opt-out of personalized ads
© Copyright 2025 RADAR ONLINE™️. A DIVISION OF MYSTIFY ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK INC. RADAR ONLINE is a registered trademark. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy. People may receive compensation for some links to products and services. Offers may be subject to change without notice.