PRINCE Harry has been dragged into Sean 'Diddy' Combs' bombshell £23.7m lawsuit.
Rodney “Lil Rod” Jones, who helped produce Diddy's most recent album, claims the mogul sexually harassed, drugged, and threatened him as they worked together.
In court documents filed in the US last month Lil Rod claims Diddy's "affiliation" to Prince Harry and other stars gave him and his associates "legitimacy".
There is no suggestion Prince Harry did anything wrong, or had knowledge of wrongdoing by others. Harry was not named as a defendant.
The lawsuit states guests were drawn to Diddy's "sex trafficking parties" because of the rapper's “access to celebrities such as famous athletes, political figures, artist, musicians, and international dignitaries like British Royal, Prince Harry”.
Prince Harry met P Diddy - along with Kanye West - once at an after-show party to thank those who had taken part in the Concert for Diana at Wembley Stadium in 2007.
Diddy was hit with a wave of lawsuits in late 2023 and early 2024 with shocking allegations of sex trafficking and sexual assault. He has denied all claims against him.
‘Lil Rod’, who produced nine songs on Diddy’s The Love Album: Off the Grid in 2023, claims in court docs he was ordered to recruit prostitutes and have sex with them for the star’s pleasure at his parties.
He also claims in the lawsuit that the music mogul sexually assaulted him.
The producer says underage girls and sex workers were guests at the rapper’s house parties and that he saw Diddy drug their drinks, according to court documents.
As part of the huge suit, Lil Rod has named some of the biggest names in the industry as co-defendants.
Diddy has denied the allegations, calling them “sickening”, while his lawyer dismissed the claims made by Jones as “pure fiction”.
Lawyer Shawn Holley told TMZ in February: “Lil Rod is nothing more than a liar who filed a $30million lawsuit shamelessly looking for an undeserved payday.”
It comes just hours after officers from the Department of Homeland Security raided Diddy’s home in Los Angeles and Florida mansion.
Diddy has since been spotted at an airport in Miami and while his private jet was tracked to Antigua he was not on board.
Diddy has faced a slew of allegations in recent months.
After Cassie accused him of sex trafficking, Joi Dickerson alleged in a lawsuit that Diddy drugged and raped her and filmed the attack when she was a 19-year-old college student in January 1991.
Another woman filed a separate lawsuit claiming that Diddy and another man sexually assaulted her and a friend in 1990 or 1991 then showed up at an apartment several days later and beat her.
A third woman claimed that she was gang raped by three men, including Diddy, in 2003.
She would have been 17 at the time, and Combs 34. 
Diddy has denied all allegations against him and addressed some of the accusations in a December 6, 2023, Instagram post.
"Enough is enough. For the last couple of weeks, I have sat silently and watched people try to assassinate my character, destroy my reputation and my legacy," he wrote.
©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO)
Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click this link: thesun.co.uk/editorial-complaints/