Newcity
Chicago Arts & Culture
by Brian Hieggelke | March 22, 2021
ART
Monet to stay
The Union League Club is not going to have to sell its Claude Monet painting to an Australian dealer after all.
OVR is not over
The New York Times offered an overview of this spring’s top art-fair online viewing rooms (OVR), including Expo Chicago Online.
DESIGN
The heritage of Emmett Till
U.S. Senator Tammy Duckworth introduced bipartisan legislation to designate the Bronzeville Church that held Emmett Till’s funeral, Roberts Temple Church of God in Christ, as a national heritage site. According to the Architect’s Newspaper, “The designation would offer the historically significant church an elevated level of federal support and ensure, per the National Trust for Historic Preservation, that the ‘National Park Service will preserve, protect, and interpret its powerful impact on American civil rights history for generations to come.'”
Leave our houses alone
Ald. Sophia King’s controversial ordinance to rein in house museums, such as the Muddy Waters and Emmett Till homes, continues to generate outcry in the cultural and tourism community.
The School of the Art Institute sent us a statement opposing the ordinance from their president, Elissa Tenny: “Chicago is a vibrant ecosystem of art makers and art lovers. This community thrives because of the scores of house museums, artist-run spaces, and apartment galleries. These spaces allow artists to take risks, develop audiences, and—sometimes—establish galleries, museums, and art centers that become cornerstones of the city’s cultural life. For example, the DuSable Museum of African American History, founded in 1961 by School of the Art Institute of Chicago alum Dr. Margaret Burroughs and her husband Charles Gordon Burroughs, was originally housed on the ground floor of their home in Bronzeville. Residential art spaces, whether they are future world-class institutions or short-lived creative outlets, play a critical role in shaping the creative and cultural community in our city. Art and design are most powerful when they are intimately tied to our experiences, and the proposed ordinance threatens artists’ ability to create work for everyone, comment on our cultural and political lives, and make sense of the world around us in their uniquely Chicago tradition. The city should never seek to dampen the creative spirit of its citizens.”
DINING AND DRINKING
Alfresco a-go-go
The City of Chicago and Choose Chicago are putting up funds to encourage innovation in outdoor dining and cultural activity, an extension of the expansion in outdoor dining spaces during the pandemic.
LIT
Joan Walsh Anglund, 1926-2021
Acclaimed children’s book creator and artist Joan Walsh Anglund died of natural causes at ninety-five in her Connecticut home. Born in Hinsdale and educated in Chicago, Anglund orbited in and out of the Chicago area several times in her lifetime.
Marianne Carus, 1928-2021
The founder of Cricket, “The New Yorker for kids,” Marianne Carus died at her home in Peru, Illinois at the age of ninety-three.
From the New York Times obituary: “Ms. Carus published several anthologies of Cricket stories, and in the early 1990s launched three more titles, aimed at different ages. She ran the magazine out of a book-filled warren of offices above a downtown bar, and later out of a repurposed clock factory. Around 2000 its headquarters, and its staff of about 100, moved to Chicago, though Ms. Carus, still the editor, decided to stay in LaSalle, with some of her top editors trekking back and forth every few days.” 
MUSIC
Yeezy come, Yeezy go
For a moment, Chicago hip-hop artist Kanye West was the richest Black man in American history, but for now he’s only worth $1.8 billion, apparently.
STAGE
Royal George deposed
The Royal George Theatre, which the Tribune’s Chris Jones calls “one of the most important venues in the city for commercial theater entertainment,” appears headed for extinction, as in real estate redevelopment.
ARTS & CULTURE
Help is slowly on the way
The SBA finally announced that it will start taking applications for its Shuttered Venue Operators Grant program on April 8, preceded by an informational webinar on March 30.
Copyright Newcity Communications, Inc. © 2025