LAS VEGAS, NEVADA - FEBRUARY 09:  Zach Bryan performs at The Chelsea at The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas on February 09, 2024 in Las Vegas, Nevada. (Photo by Mindy Small/Getty Images)Getty Images
Zach Bryan has pulled the plug on his X account amid a social media firestorm he caused after making a post about Kanye West, Taylor Swift and football. 
The now-deleted post that’s drawing all the backlash read, “Eagles > chiefs. Kanye > Taylor. Who’s with me?” 
Many followers thought the post wasn’t so nice and replied negatively. 
“Mad because Taylor WASHES him when it comes to the country genre,” one user said.
“He better be releasing an apology video rn,” another user added.
On Sept. 19, the country music star, 28, did just that and hopped into his Instagram Stories to release a lengthy apology for the message, accompanied by a flurry of slides. 
“For the record guys I wasn’t coming for Taylor the other night,” he wrote. “I was drunkenly comparing two records and it came out wrong. I know there’s a lot of stuff that clouds around Ye and I was speaking purely musically.”
He continued, “I love Taylor’s music and pray you guys know I’m human and tweet stupid things often. Hope one day I can explain this to her. Twitter gets me in trouble too much and I’d say it’s best I stay off it. I’m sorry to any Taylor fans I pissed off or let down.”
Within the apology, Bryan wrote he has been “going through a hard time” recently and was “projecting a little” with his post about Swift, which “came off as rude and desensitized” to her. 
“I respect her so much as a musician that the last thing I want is people thinking I don’t appreciate and love what she has done for music,” he wrote. “Okay, that’s the last of it!”
After writing that he loved his fans and hoping for their understanding, he concluded the message with a fair warning: “Don’t drink and tweet!!”
He followed up with another slide, showing that he was listening to Swift’s song, “Castles Crumbling” on Spotify. 
“Not saving face here, but Taylor has been a force of nature for as long as we’ve all been growing up and I admire that,” he said. “I’m gonna go listen to this record now. I never want people to think I have a hint of malice or meanness towards anyone, ever, that’s why I’m saying all this.”
In one final message to fans, Bryan added that “this year has been an awful lot on me in personal ways that no one knows and I’ve been trying to cope and balance too many things at once,” he admitted. “So I’m going to take a breather from tweeting stupid stuff, finish my tour and ground myself somehow in the midst of all this. I feel very, very blessed each day.”
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices