Ye and his wife Bianca Censori have indulged in plenty of NSFW moments during their relationship. For the last two years, the rapper and his wifey have grabbed headlines everywhere whenever Bianca steps out in revealing clothing.
In 2024, she kicked off the year by shopping around Las Vegas while wearing a tiny black bikini that barely kept everything in place.
That type of behavior isn't new for the happy couple, who met in 2022, after Bianca came to work as an architect at Ye's Yeezy headquarters. The two of them have been romantically entangled since at least January of 2023, and while marriage rumors swirled for months, they officially tied the knot in October of 2023.
Since their marriage, there have been several instances of them being involved in NSFW moments, which mostly revolve around Bianca showing up to events in risqué attire. Considering their track record for explicit antics, this likely means the fun is just beginning for these two lovers. In the last several months, they haven't slowed down and seem to be getting a kick out of making headlines when Bianca pops out in racy apparel, and sometimes the lack thereof. She recently showed up to a restaurant without pants.
Here are several of the most NSFW moments the happy couple have engaged in since they coupled up a year ago.
In May of 2023, Bianca Censori officially stepped out as Ye's new "wife." Much to the shock and awe of everyone, the Australian architectural designer was spotted on Instagram promoting a bizarre new Yeezy outfit. The risqué photoshoot was posted on former Yeezy employee Mowalola Ogunlesi’s Instagram page, and the outfit relied solely on body tape and black high heels.
The ’fit didn't leave much to the imagination, and the backlash against Ye was swift. Many people on social media called him out for misogyny. Ye's former flame Julia Fox wasn't hating though, as she commented her support with some heart-eye emojis underneath the photos.
After rumors circulated for months that Ye and his new bae were married, the couple began making more public appearances in the summer of 2023. In June of that year, Ye, formerly known as Kanye West, and Bianca were spotted multiple times out and about in Los Angeles. On one notable occasion, the love birds were photographed engaging in some serious PDA outside The Lobster restaurant.
In August of 2023, photos from Bianca Censori's modeling days managed to leak online. Many fans were struck by their revealing nature. Censori is seen in one photo wearing a bikini to promote the swimwear brand Sasha Label.
Ye and Bianca took their now-infamous trip to Italy in August of 2023. Bianca's outfit choices throughout the month-long venture raised numerous eyebrows in the conservative Catholic country. During one eventful day out, Ye decided to have an impromptu photo shoot with his new wife during a shopping venture at Via dei Calzaiuoli in Florence. The moment shut down the entire shopping plaza, as swarms of people began to surround the couple.
By far the most lewd moment of the couple's Italy trip occurred while they were enjoying a riverboat ride through Venice. The pair drew onlookers, who began to film them, which prompted Ye to expose his bum. Additional photos and videos show Bianca with her head in Ye's lap prior to his pants being down. To make matters worse, whatever transpired on the boat was enough to warrant a lifetime ban. The Venice water taxi company, Venezia Turismo Motoscafi, confirmed in a statement in September of 2023 that the couple were no longer welcomed aboard any of their vessels.
Ye and Bianca returned from Saudi Arabia, where Ye was recording his still unreleased album, Vultures, to attend Art Basel in Miami on Dec. 17, 2023. During the venture, Bianca was spotted wearing an entirely see-through, sheer jumpsuit.
Ye continued to showcase his wife's physical features into the new year by posting a slew of NSFW photos on his Instagram page after reactivating the social media platform in December of 2023. The photos in question were posted on Jan. 1 of this year and were completely unprompted. They were also incredibly revealing.
"No pants this year," Ye captioned one picture.
Ye rang in Bianca's 29th birthday on Jan. 6. He started things off with a close-up of his wife's face, and wrote a heartfelt message before sharing a few more sexy photos of his lover.
"Happy birthday to the most beautiful super bad iconic muse inspirational talented artist masters degree in architecture 140 IQ loving by my side everyday when half the world turned their backs on me and the most amazing step mom to our children I love you so much thank you for sharing your life with me," Ye wrote.
He then added in a separate post, "y'all know who ran the summer."
For part of her birthday celebration, she partied at a strip club.
Ye and Bianca were spotted shopping in Las Vegas on Jan. 6, and gawking fans couldn't believe what they were seeing. The couple was browsing in the Balenciaga store at Vegas' Wynn Hotel. The videos show that Bianca was wearing a very tiny bikini top that barely kept her breasts contained. She was also seen wandering around the hotel barefoot.
Ye and Bianca Censori kicked off February of 2024 staying true to their avant-garde fashion choices. This time, Bianca stepped out appearing to be naked while wearing a see-through raincoat. The moment seemed to be captured on Feb. 5. Ye wore a black mask and was covered with a long, brown poncho, gloves and boots.
On the first day of Milan Fashion Week in February of 2024, Bianca Censori made her presence known with an incredibly revealing outfit. Ye's wife donned what looked like a piece of black leather pinned around her shoulders and fashioned around her waist. The piece of leather was then cut into a V shape near Bianca's privates, and was fairly relaxed in its fitting.
Ye's wife turned heads multiple times at Paris Fashion Week in February of 2024. Photos captured of the couple at the start of the week showed Bianca wearing a fluffy brown fur coat, but instead of wearing pants, she merely donned some sheer stockings. She also wore no underwear, which of course left little to the imagination.
The DailyMail then reported that Bianca could even face a fine for jail time for violating France's penal code on indecent exposure. Nothing has been brought against Ye's wife yet.
Ye and Bianca were then spotted roaming Paris during their time in town for Paris Fashion Week in February of 2024. During their stroll, Bianca was photographed wearing a completely sheer outfit, including a translucent tank top that exposed her breasts, and stockings, which allowed her nether region to be seen by any onlooker.
Bianca Censori showed off her assets and left almost nothing to the imagination with her thong bodysuit that revealed her butt cheeks. Ye's wife wore her risqué outfit while accompanying her hubby to a listening party for his upcoming Vultures 2 album in Los Angeles on March 8, 2023. The bodysuit was complemented with a garter-style black pantyhose, which revealed cutouts for her butt. Bianca completed her naughty outfit with black kitten heel pumps.
On March 20, 2024, Ye and Bianca were photographed wandering around Los Angeles, and Bianca was again seen wearing something incredibly revealing. Bianca rocked a silver bikini top and a very short matching mini skirt that leaves little to the imagination when viewed from the back. Front-side photos show Bianca is at least wearing underwear.
In April of 2024, Bianca was spotted out with Ye wearing nothing but sheer lace tights and a bra. The couple was spotted leaving dinner at the French restaurant Gigi's in Los Angeles.
Ye and Bianca traveled to Europe in June of 2024. During the trip, Bianca was pictured in Prato, Italy heading into a production meeting in a barely there bodysuit. One photo shows her emerging from a vehicle holding a sketch pad with designs on it. The one-piece outfit exposes ample side-boob as well as much of Bianca's backside.
In mid-June of 2024, Ye and Bi attended Paris Fashion Week to check out the Prototypes Menswear Spring/Summer 2025 show. While Ye donned all white with a mask covering his face, Bianca showed off all her assets in a nude bodysuit.
The following day, Bianca was spotted at a Paris Fashion Week function almost topless. The only thing covering her breasts were thin strips of fabric that resembled suspenders.
In July of 2024, Ye and Bianca popped out in Los Angeles on a date and Bianca was literally popping out of her bikini top, which barely covered her ample bosom. In addition, she wore skin-tone nearly-shear spandex shorts and high heels.
The same month, Bianca was spotted leaving a tanning salon in Los Angeles. She left Ye at home this time as well as her bra. She was photographed sporting a transparent shirt that exposed her entire chest, and booty shorts.
Seemingly trying to creatively one-up herself in the racy apparel department, just a few days later, Bianca was spotted out on a lunch date with Ye without any pants. She literally walked around in a dad hat, nearly-sheer shirt and panties while Ye was fully clothed in a hoodie and sweatpants.
Even though gawkers across the world have seen pretty much everything there is to see of Bianca Censori, an out-of-character moment for Ye happened on July 23, 2024. While on a lunch date in Los Angeles, Ye decided on that specific Tuesday that he did not approve of paparazzi snapping photos of his wife's skin-tight, transparent ’fit. As photographers snapped away, Ye stood directly in front of Censori, blocking the paparazzi from the impromptu photo op.
Despite Ye's successful attempt to shield Bianca from being exposed by the paparazzi, his wife's breasts were all but on display the very next day. On July 24, 2024, the controversial couple was filmed while exiting a movie theater during a showing of Fly Me to the Moon starring Channing Tatum and Scarlett Johansson. Censori was wearing a very small pair of shorts, high heels, a baseball cap and rounded out the ensemble with yet another transparent shirt, revealing her breasts.
The swanky, celebrity-friendly hot spot, Chateau Marmont in Los Angeles, is known for their strict, business casual dress code. However, Bianca Censori seemingly had no issue ignoring the hotel's rules on July 25, 2024, as she enjoyed a meal with her hip-hop hubby wearing a micro bikini top that didn't do too much to cover up her chest.
While celebrating her friend's birthday in August of 2024, Bianca Censori entered Los Angeles' Giorgio Baldi restaurant wearing a sheer bodysuit and nothing else. The establishment usually features a smart casual dress code, but Bianca was allowed to celebrate inside with all her friends.
Leave it to Ye to grab headlines for appearing on the red carpet at the 2025 Grammy Awards on Feb. 2, 2025. The rapper and Bianca walked the red carpet together, but his wifey made a jaw-dropping move by dropping her fur coat to reveal her nude self. A see-through mini dress decorated her body but covered nothing.