By CARLY JOHNSON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  02:17, 14 March 2024   |  Updated:  15:44, 14 March 2024   
 186
View  comments
Hailey Bieber isn't letting Kanye West get her down after he bizarrely put her on blast in a now-deleted Instagram rant.
The Rhode skincare founder, 27, took to her own Instagram on Wednesday to share a sexy mirror selfie rocking a neon green bikini.
She appeared makeup-free and her expression was stoic as she captured the photo inside the $26million she shares with husband Justin Bieber.
Hailey followed-up her bikini shot with a sultry photo of herself going braless under a chic powder blue blazer.
She also included a mirror selfie that showed her with her eyes shut and an up-close portrait she took while swimming in a pool.
Hailey Bieber isn't letting Kanye West get her down after he bizarrely put her on blast in a now-deleted Instagram rant
The Rhode skincare founder, 27, took to her own Instagram on Wednesday to share a sexy mirror selfie rocking a neon green bikini
On Tuesday, Kanye sparked up controversy after he uploaded and then deleted an explosive rant on a new Instagram page that he made.
In it, the rapper, 46, dished out 'f*** yous' to many of his rivals, critics and naysayers — which included Hailey and the rapper Drake.
He began the post by thanking his fans for making his new single Carnival #1. 
'This number 1 is for you. The people who won't be manipulated by the system,' Kanye began, according to The Sun.
The father-of-four then shifted focus towards his nemeses.  
Before getting to Hailey, Kanye blasted Adidas, who severed ties with him in 2022 over his repeated anti-Semitic rants.
'And f**k Adidas and everyone who works there or with them. Anyone who goes to school with anyone whose parents work at Adidas, just know they tried to destroy me,' he said.
Kanye then name-dropped Hailey as well as former Vogue bigwig Gabriella Karefa-Johnson, who he publicly feuded with in October 2022 after she slammed him for sending a Yeezy model down the Paris Fashion Week runway in a 'White Lives Matter' shirt.
Hailey followed-up her bikini shot with a sultry photo of herself going braless under a chic powder blue blazer
She also included a mirror selfie that showed her with her eyes shut 
She threw in an up-close portrait she took while swimming in a pool
Hailey was seen out and about in Beverly Hills on Wednesday
She looked stylish in a cropped white T-shirt, a black trench coat and jeans
West was enraged by the criticism and he responded by attacking Karefa-Johnson's physical appearance and credentials. 
Hailey — whose husband Justin Bieber was a close pal of Kanye's — was among many celebrities who spoke out in defense of Karefa-Johnson amid the rapper's 'bullying.'
He then began targeting Hailey on Instagram. He accused her of having a nose job and branded her 'Drake's girl' despite her being married to Justin.
'And f*** everybody at the fashion houses that sided with Gabby and Hailey Bieber. F*** each and every single one of yall,' Kanye wrote Tuesday.
'And f*** every Christian that watched me have my kids taken out of my control. That's how I feel.'
He concluded his now-deleted rant by slamming Drake for 'taking' rapper Lil Durk on tour with him right as West rolled out his new album Vultures 1.
Justin allegedly cut ties with longtime friend Kanye when he first waged war with Hailey in October 2022.
TMZ reported at the time that the Baby singer, 29, felt Kanye had 'gone way too far to carry on their friendship.'
On Tuesday, Kanye sparked up controversy after he uploaded and then deleted an explosive rant on a new Instagram page that he made
In it, the rapper, 46, dished out 'f*** yous' to many of his rivals, critics and naysayers — which included Hailey and the rapper Drake
Kanye then name-dropped Hailey as well as former Vogue bigwig Gabriella Karefa-Johnson, who he publicly feuded with in October 2022 after she slammed him for sending a Yeezy model down in the Paris Fashion Week runway in a 'White Lives Matter' shirt. West was enraged by the criticism and he responded by attacking Karefa-Johnson's physical appearance and credentials
A source told the publication that both Hailey and her husband believe that Ye has crossed the line, with the latter deciding to stand by his wife.
'Justin has always been and sensitive to Kanye's issues, but this time, he's gotta distance himself,' they explained.
In recent weeks, Hailey and Justin have been facing speculation that there's trouble brewing in their marriage after her father Stephen Baldwin asked for 'prayer's for the couple.
Stephen had uploaded a reposted clip of Justin singing which had originally been shared by All Things Possible Ministries founder, Victor Marx.
The Usual Suspects actor added text over the video which read, 'Christians please when you think of Justin & Hailey, take a moment to offer a little prayer for them to have wisdom, protection, and draw close to the Lord.'
Rumors quickly arose that the couple were having marital issues, but both the model and singer have since brushed aside the speculation.
Hailey — whose husband Justin Bieber was a close pal of Kanye's — was among many celebrities who spoke out in defense of Karefa-Johnson amid the rapper's 'bullying.' He then began targeting Hailey on Instagram. He accused her of having a nose job and branded her 'Drake's girl' despite her being married to Justin
Her husband Justin Bieber allegedly cut ties with longtime friend Kanye when he first waged war with Hailey in October 2022. TMZ reported at the time that the Baby singer, 29, felt Kanye had ' gone way too far to carry on their friendship'
Hailey took to her Instagram Story last week to publicly deny 'false' theories surrounding her marriage to Justin. 
She penned, 'Just FYI the stories and constant "blind items" I see on TikTok are 100% of the time wrong. Made out of thin air...come from the land of delusion.'
'So I know it may be fun feeding into these stories but just know they're always false xx sorry to spoil it,' Hailey added.
The couple wed in September 2018 - months after rekindling their on/off romance following Justin's split from Selena Gomez, 31. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group