By ALI DAHER FOR DAILY MAIL AUSTRALIA  
 Published:  23:36, 19 April 2024   |  Updated:  23:39, 19 April 2024   
 6
View  comments
Never in my wildest dreams did I imagine I'd be a chauffeur for reality TV stars, but last year I once again became the unofficial Uber driver of the Married At First Sight gang.
I became the preferred mode of transport for this wild bunch, zooming around Sydney with a car full of love-seekers and attention-seekers during filming for the Channel Nine show. 
I would liken my adventures as their personal driver to an episode of Days Of Their Lives. 
It was a rollercoaster of drama, from airport pick-ups to beach day drop-offs and nocturnal escapades. 
And yes, my dashcam captured many things, helping me create my very own version of MAFS uncut. 
Daily Mail Australia reporter and MAFS expert once again became the unofficial Uber driver of the Married At First Sight cast during filming last year. Pictured with Lauren Dunn and Sara Mesa
Ali likened his adventures as their personal driver to an episode of Days Of Their Lives.. Pictured with Lucinda Light and Mike Felix
This year, a record 17 stars, including fan-favourites and villains, crammed into my trusty Toyota, transforming it into a mobile confessional booth.
Lauren Dunn, Sara Mesa, and Jonathan McCullough among others, all shared their deepest, darkest secrets. 
Here's a glimpse of what unfolded during my unforgettable encounters with the MAFS stars.
MAFS' 'most mature groom' Richard was the first cast member to hitch a ride just weeks until filming 
MAFS' 'most mature groom' Richard was the first cast member to hitch a ride just weeks until filming.
It was a hot day, and the 62-year-old couldn't figure out where to catch replacement buses after the local train station was shut down due to trackwork.
He was funny, and incredibly grateful - I was quite surprised.
It was a short ride to Tamarama Beach where I took a few cheeky photos of him taking a dip in the ocean before I decided to race back to Skye Suites in the hopes of catching more exciting action. 
Jayden and Eden were inseparable as they hopped in my car alongside Jono and Tim, who confessed they were pretty stoked to get away from their TV wives 
Jayden and Eden were inseparable as they hopped in my car alongside Jono and Tim, who confessed they were pretty stoked to get away from their TV wives.
Jono, the drama king, vented about Laura's weekend plans without him, sparking group banter that made the ride anything but dull. 
I asked the group if they didn't mind me sticking around to take some photos of them and they jumped at the chance. 
After few hours soaking up the sun at Clovelly Beach we went to a nearby café for a bite to eat before I dropped the boys at the local cinemas and, surprisingly, Eden back at the hotel alone 
After a few hours soaking up the sun at Clovelly Beach, we went to a nearby café for a bite to eat before I dropped the boys at the local cinemas and, surprisingly, Eden back at the hotel alone. 
Eden had her suspicions about me, keeping her guard up when it came to questions about her marriage to Jayden. 
Looking back at it, it could have been the beginning of the end for the pair, who announced their split this week.  
Lauren Dunn and Sara Mesa were probably two of my favourite brides of the season. Ali spent days with the duo driving to hair and makeup appointments before the drama-filled dinner parties
Lauren Dunn and Sara Mesa were probably two of my favourite brides of the season.
I spent days with the duo driving to hair and makeup appointments before the drama-filled dinner parties.
There was one particularly funny moment when Lauren was left none too impressed to sit next to my spare tyre in the backseat.
Their carefree attitude was infectious, turning routine drives into unexpected adventures, including a spontaneous joyride featuring an eclectic Backstreet Boys and Kanye West mixtape, courtesy of DJ Jayden Eynaud 
Their carefree attitude was infectious, turning routine drives into unexpected adventures, including a spontaneous joyride featuring an eclectic Backstreet Boys and Kanye West mixtape, courtesy of DJ Jayden Eynaud.
The groom I was the closest to was Jono McCullough, who revealed his post-breakup blues following his split with Laura.
He sought solace in my passenger seat, lamenting not his lost love but his botched game strategy.
The groom Ali was the closest to was Jono McCullough, who revealed his post-breakup blues following his split with Laura
Jono and Ellie were happy to hitch a ride as they jet back to Sydney earlier this month
Just hours after getting dumped by Lauren at Final Vows, I got a text from him asking if I wanted to catch up before he flew back home to the Gold Coast. 
He confessed he was worried about his edit after all the things that went down between him and Lauren and admitted that he blocked her.
'MAFS is a crazy game. Some people play it really well, but I didn't play it well and Lauren played it very f**king well,' he said before we exchanged goodbyes.
 Tristan's review of 'Ali's Uber' was unforgiving 
And how could I forget Tristan's unforgettable 'review' of my esteemed taxi service?
The moment he clocked the dashcam, Tristan transformed into an impromptu critic, offering his unfiltered thoughts with the panache of a seasoned stand-up comedian. 
'Hey, we're filming in this. Oh, no way. I was in my own little world for a bit,' he said.
But Tristan was just warming up.
The groom I the closest to was Jono McCullough, who revealed his post-breakup blues following his split with Laura 
'Hero's in the front, villains in the back,' he quipped, casting a mischievous glance towards Jono and Ellie, who were unwittingly cast in the roles of backseat antagonists in Tristan's spur-of-the-moment screenplay.
But Tristan wasn't done. He then turned his attention to the amenities (or lack thereof) in 'Ali's Uber.'
'Welcome to Ali's Uber. It doesn't supply the aux cord,' he lamented.
'There's no water bottles here. What the f**k? I've got this spare two-day-old one, as I'm a diva now, Ali.'
He had everyone in stitches, underscoring the hilarity that ensued every time a MAFS star climbed into my car.
'Hero's in the front, villains in the back,' he quipped, casting a mischievous glance towards Jono and Ellie, who were unwittingly cast in the roles of backseat antagonists in Tristan's spur-of-the-moment screenplay 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group