This boomer who lived in New York City for years before moving for Israel has a warning for American Jews: get the hell out of the US now, based on rising anti-semetism.
No offense but it seems like you should get the hell out of Israel.
Read more at NY Post.
Together with First Lady Jill Biden, superstars Elton John and Katy Perry, New York Governor Kathy Hochul, and Senator Kirsten Gillibrand, President Biden helped to dedicate the new monument to the Stonewall riots 55 years after the historic event.
It’s Captain Fantastic and the brown dirt cowboy.
Read more at Rollingstone.
Red Rocks workers believe they saw a spaceship over the infamous concert venue. Seen around 1am, it was described as a black metallic disk. “One of our coworkers suddenly said to us, ‘Hey, what is that over there? It looks like a spaceship.’ We all turned to look in the direction he was pointing and sure enough, there was a UFO hovering,” an observer in the report said. “We all kept asking each other, ‘Are you seeing this too?'”
UFO over Red Rocks.  Did anyone not on drugs see it?
Read more at USA Today.
People are pissed off as one of America’s oldest companies is dumping jobs across the midwest, while hiring in Mexico. John Deere tractor company is practically synonymous with America, and the decision is not sitting well with those who proudly buy the iconic green and yellow vehicles.
John Deere Greed.
Read more at Daily Mail
everything
“My heart is whispering a million I love you’s for the way you loved my children and I so unconditionally,” Soleil Moon Frye posted alongside photos of her ex boyfriend.
She’s the most 90’s 90s kid ever.
Read more at toofab.
“One of the most hurtful things was In Living Color had done a skit where the woman was doing something and she just kept eating and getting fatter and fatter and fatter, and the comedy bit was that eventually, she just exploded,” she recalled. “The whole audience fell out and th woman was me.”
But now you have Ozembic so stop it. 
Read more at Urban Hollywood
The enterprise that owns all the “Chicken Soup for the Soul” products has filed for chapter 11 after a prolonged period where they have been unable to meet payroll and pay employee medical benefits.
Is there a soup that helps with Bankruptcy?
Read more at Deadline
“Kanye West is already in Moscow! This is great news, he is staying in the heart of the capital,” the state TASS news agency quotes producer Yana Rudkovskaya as saying on social media.
If theykeep him, we’ll keep one of their weirdos. 
Read more at Times of Israel
Books are in trouble, we all know it. But there is one genre doing a-ok- and that’s books with dragons, and steamy sex.  
Are they for incels? Or on sale. #titsanddragons
Read more at WSJ
everything
Some things are just too much. #fixhim
https://x.com/TheiKevin/status/1807191940728852984
.
.
Finding comedy in everything and everything in comedy.
interrobang, in·ter·ro·bang  [in-ter-uh-bang] ‽ (often represented by ?! / !?), is a nonstandard punctuation  designed to combine the question mark (?) and the exclamation point (!), indicating a mixture of query and interjection, as after a rhetorical question.
Focusing on the most interesting ! and ? in life, theinterrobang.com is a place to talk about the comedy in everything, and everything in comedy.  From street corners to  theaters, arenas, print, television, film, or even the White House, if it's funny, or should be, we're talking about it. We also continue to bring you everything happening in the news that's worth discussing, the best recommendations on the internet, and interviews with the most creative people on the planet.
Interested in contributing?  Hit us up on our contact page.
We love when you leave comments and we encourage active discussion and debate throughout the site.  However our moderators may delete any comments at their discretion, particularly any comments that are off topic.  
Of course, defamatory, libelous, threatening, or otherwise illegal posts will be removed as well as any posts that are deemed abusive, or intentionally inflammatory. We also ask that you be respectful of our authors, guests, and other commenters. We reserve the right to edit or delete comments at our discretion.   If you have any complaints about a comment being removed, you should contact us using our contact form.
By submitting a comment and/or question to the site you give us the right to use, post, reproduce and distribute your comment as we see fit.