Julia Fox appeared to take a leaf out of Bianca Censori’s look book as she stepped out with her bum on display for Paris Fashion Week.
Kanye West’s ex channelled his new wife in a completely see-through bodysuit decorated with transparent sequins and huge silver pieces of tinsel – on the whole resembling a fibre optic Christmas tree. The tinsel did very little to cover her bare bum cheeks as Julia posed up a storm for the cameras.
She scraped her platinum blonde tresses up into a sleek bun at the top of her head and wowed waiting fans with her elaborate make-up look; swiping on a deep scarlet pout and silver shadow around her eyes, the show-stopper was huge swathes of silver glitter from jaw to forehead.
READ MORE: Soap star ‘loved’ becoming adult film actress - but had ‘concerns’ beforehand
READ MORE: Want more showbiz? Daily Star has just the thing for you!
Later, Julia changed into a pair of nude knickers and a bra made entirely from cream fringe, risking a major nip slip as she added a wide-brimmed cowboy hat to her ensemble. Over the top of her outfit, she donned a floor-length white jacket with only the top button fastened, leaving her toned thighs and tummy totally bare.
She slipped into a pair of metallic silver gloves and clutched a black leather purse in the shape of a ukulele to finish off her country-inspired look.
The nearly-nude look isn’t the only inspo she’s been taking from Bianca, either, as this weekend Julia stepped out in a black apron dress – suffering a slight nip slip as she went braless underneath the revealing garment. While the gown did feature leather slashed sides, it seemed to be a nod to Bianca’s sandwich-board outfit – which covered nothing but a square of her front.
While Julia might not have any beef with Bianca, but she certainly had something to say about his ex-wife Kim Kardashian – alleging she was the reason for their split in her memoir Down the Drain. Julia wrote: “He tells me he had a good conversation with his soon-to-be-ex-wife and discovered a lot of information about me,
“‘I didn’t know you were a drug addict’, he says, as if I duped him. ‘I told you. Maybe if you listened more. And not to mention, so were you!’ At this point I’m yelling. He remains silent for once. ‘You said you wouldn’t embarrass me’ [he says].”
For more of the latest showbiz news from Daily Star, make sure you sign up to one of our newsletters here.
She added: “I refuse to let him hear me crying, so I hang up and tell my publicist to inform the press that we are over.” Julia also claims she lost a denim deal worth a million dollars as a result of the split, because “‘It’s contingent on you being his girlfriend’, I’m informed.”
But despite it all, she “actually really loves” Kim, admitting last year: “When people would bash her I would always go to bat for her.”
Follow Daily Star on Threads here.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.