Since getting together with Kanye West, Bianca Censori has been shocking fans with her increasingly X-rated outfits.
The 29-year-old former Yeezy employee has become well-known for her risqué outfits but took it to new levels last month when she stepped out in Paris wearing nothing on her lower half apart from a pair of brown see-through tights. The nearly nude outing saw her risk being handed a prison sentence and even her own dad publicly slammed her “trashy” behaviour.
Bianca’s relationship with the 46-year-old rapper has come under fire from her friends and family, with pals expressing concern over her outrageous outfits and claiming they are down to Kanye’s alleged “controlling ways”. However, an expert has now revealed that the Australian architect’s attire is actually part of the power couple’s “game plan” to outshine Kim Kardashian.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Bianca Censori 'likes the way' husband Kanye West 'treats her' after controlling claims
Mark Borkowski, one of the biggest names in public relations, has said Kanye is using Bianca to copy his ex-wife’s publicity strategy of trying to “break the internet”. However, he added that Ye’s “freak show” is making many people uncomfortable and alienating big brands.
Speaking to The Daily Mail, Borkowski said: “Kanye understands outrage and is trying to break the Internet. I think a lot of people are starting to feel rather uncomfortable, despite everything he's said, about that he feels he can do whatever he wants with his partner.”
He added that it remains unclear whether Bianca is a victim of controlling and coercive behaviour, or if she is happy to go along with the publicity strategy. Regardless, the PR guru said Kanye using his wife’s body and outfits to further his fame is increasingly alienating brands.
He said: “I can't see a strategy here. He has pushed himself so far away from brands with his anti-Semitic remarks and outrage that there has to be a limit where he doesn't want one.”
Borkowski also claimed that Kanye is using these publicity stunts to attack Kim, whom he shares four kids with. He explained: “You can only assume this is a way of Kanye keeping his name at the forefront and on everybody's lips and also a statement to his ex-wife Kim who engaged in the same publicity, which he is taking to another level but she did with a lot more style and panache.”
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.