Coronation Street fans watched in horror this week as Liam Connor had his handmade puppet smashed to pieces by bully Mason – who filmed the whole ordeal.
Liam has been pushed beyond his limits by Mason, Dylan and the rest of their gang over the past few months, doing his best to hide his emotions from his mum Maria and step-dad Gary Windass. With Gary determined to find out the truth, fans are sure there could be a darker twist in store for the killer.
In what would be truly devastating for everyone involved, fans think Mason could in fact be related to Gary – perhaps as a secret son twist. One fan pointed out on Facebook: “They look alike… imagine if the twist was Mason is Gary’s secret son and he’s such a bully because he didn’t have a dad!”
READ MORE: Bianca Censori is the one 'running the show’ after Kanye West fans spot ‘red flag’
READ MORE: Want more showbiz? Daily Star has just the thing for you!
Someone else followed up: “I think Gary will be related to Mason.” As another fan echoed: “I just think Gary and Mason are gonna be related in Corrie... and if Gary murders him he's gonna be devastated when he finds out the truth even despite what Mason did.”
Plenty of fans are calling for Gary to “give Mason what he deserves” after murdering Rick Neelan. Soap spoilers have already confirmed Gary gives Mason a taste of his own medicine at the precinct, as he’s seen throwing the boy to the ground before Sean Tully can intervene.
Mason starts off goading Gary, warning him that Liam better watch his back. But Gary soon sees red and tosses the teen to the floor. Sean threatens to report Gary to the police, but when he demands to see his son Dylan’s phone to clear his name, he’s shocked to read through the messages sent between him and Mason.
Gary is forced to break the news to Maria that Liam is looking for ways to commit suicide, as he plans to say his goodbyes – six years after Maria’s ex Aidan killed himself in 2018. The pair had been having an affair behind Eva Price’s back, welcoming daughter Susie together.
Elsewhere in ITV Soapland, Corrie actor Ryan Prescott has confirmed that his character Ryan Connor is set for a cobbles return after he departed in December, heading off to Glasgow with Crystal. The actor told Daily Star at the TV Choice Awards 2024 that things could rekindle between him and Daisy.
He said: “She was Ryan's first girlfriend when he came back on the show, so they have a little bit of history. I think Ryan has such an existing relationship with Daisy that Daisy will be his first port of call, but there's always room for a little bit of chaos on the street, so we'll see..."
For more of the latest showbiz news from Daily Star, make sure you sign up to one of our newsletters here.
Asked what he'd like Ryan's future to look like, he said: "If I could choose anything, I'd like Ryan to have a little bit more of a traditional footing, maybe a little bit of grounding. Maybe a real relationship, that would be nice.”
He added to The Mirror: “Is he still not back? He should be back. He's in Glasgow, a resident DJ with Crystal who's managing the PR for him. But he should be back, I thought he was back this week. Filming is six to eight weeks ahead of transmission so I've been back a month, and so it's soon, yeah. But sometimes they stretch it out a little bit."
Follow Daily Star on Threads here.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.