By 

	Gene Maddaus

Senior Media Writer

	A former “director of intelligence” for Kanye West, who changed his name to Ye, sued the performer on Thursday, alleging that he was tasked with investigating the Kardashian family for “sex trafficking.”

	The former employee, identified only as John Doe, also alleged that he was tasked with hiring private investigators to tail West’s wife, Bianca Censori, while she was visiting her family in Australia.





	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					Nintendo Switch 2 Won’t Be Superior Successor — But It Still Matters		
			














	
		
					'Call Her Daddy' Host Alex Cooper Sets Hulu Docuseries 'Call Her Alex'		
			








	The man also alleges that West blew up at him after he passed along a report of child abuse at West’s school, Donda Academy, to leaders at the company in May.

	










			Popular on Variety		






	“You’re fucking dead to me!” West said, and then played a “recording of scary voices” that threatened harm to the plaintiff, the suit alleges.

	The lawsuit alleges retaliation and infliction of emotional distress. The man claims that the experience affected his mental health, triggering his PTSD from his military service and causing panic attacks and anxiety. He also claims he is owed unpaid wages from the last several pay periods of his employment.

	The man alleges he was hired by West in December 2022 as a “deputy campaign director,” and later moved to director of intelligence. In the summer of 2023, his job duties included “brainstorming ideas to keep Ye in the news,” according to the complaint.

	“John Doe was also tasked by Ye with investigating the Kardashian family and supposed various criminal links Ye believed they had with criminal enterprises, including alleged sex trafficking,” the lawsuit states.

	According to the suit, the plaintiff would also handle various other problems that came up, such as seeking to retrieve items that were lost or stolen.

	“It was common for Ye to lose expensive cars or fail to pay people for services rendered at Ye’s direction,” the suit states.

	In May, a significant portion of the leadership of West’s company was let go, according to the suit. The suit alleges that he was behaving erratically due to his decision to consume nitrous oxide and get “titanium teeth.”

	Doe is represented by attorneys Neama Rahmani and Ronald Zambrano. The suit was filed in L.A. Superior Court.
The Business of Entertainment