ABC News Live "Prime" Anchor
Linsey Davis is currently the anchor of ABC News Live “Prime with Linsey Davis,” ABC News’ Emmy® Award-winning streaming evening newscast, and “World News Tonight” Sunday. She is a correspondent filing reports for “World News Tonight with David Muir,” “Good Morning America,” “20/20” and “Nightline.”
Davis has conducted powerful, exclusive newsmaking interviews with world leaders, influential figures, health officials, and politicians. Notable interviews include the only interview with comedian Bill Cosby in the wake of dozens of sexual assault allegations; Jonathan Majors, after he was convicted of one misdemeanor assault charge and one harassment violation; Boris Johnson, shortly after he left his position as prime minister; the victims who suffered abuse at the hands of Larry Ray at Sarah Lawrence University; Shelley Lynn Thornton, also known as Baby Roe, the daughter of Jane Roe; Kevin Strickland, a wrongfully convicted Missouri man who was released from prison after 43 years; Myon Burrell, a Minneapolis inmate who said he was wrongfully convicted for murder; and Nick Cannon, discussing his journey towards atonement, education and self-improvement after making antisemitic comments and espousing conspiracy theories.
Davis’ additional interviewees include former Vice President Kamala Harris, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, former Vice President Mike Pence, former First Lady Karen Pence, Gov. Ron Desantis, Nikki Haley, Speaker Mike Johnson, Beto O’Rourke, Gov. Wes Moore, Dr. Anthony Fauci, Herschel Walker, Sen. Raphael Warnock, Kanye West, Nikole Hannah-Jones, Anita Hill, Bill Gates, Halle Berry, Dionne Warwick, Huma Abedin, Dave Grohl, Billy Porter, nearly two dozen senators from both sides of the aisle and dozens of House representatives, and leading up to the 2024 Iowa caucuses, she interviewed the spouses of seven presidential candidates as part of a series called “Running Mates.”
Davis helped lead ABC News’ coverage of the 2024 presidential election, notably co-hosting the 2024 presidential debate alongside David Muir, and ABC News’ election night coverage “Your Voice, Your Vote.” She was an integral part of the 2022 midterm elections and was at the forefront of ABC News’ coverage of the 2020 presidential election, spanning all eight nights of the Democratic and Republican National Conventions. She co-anchored major political events such as two presidential primary debates, the vice-presidential debate, presidential election coverage and Inauguration Day.
Davis has covered news stories around the globe, including the Black Lives Matter movement, the Las Vegas massacre, the Harvey Weinstein allegations and subsequent #MeToo movement, the Boston Marathon bombing, the Nairobi Mall massacre and several of President Obama’s trips overseas. She has also reported on various natural disasters, including the earthquake in Haiti and multiple hurricanes.
Davis joined ABC News in 2017 as a New York-based correspondent for ABC NewsOne, the network’s affiliate news service. Prior, Davis was the anchor of the weekend evening newscasts at WTHR-TV in Indianapolis. During her time there, she reported from New Orleans in the wake of Hurricane Katrina, Torino for the 2006 Winter Olympics and Athens for the 2004 Summer Olympics. From 2001 to 2003, she was a reporter at WJRT-TV, the ABC-owned station in Flint, Michigan.
Davis has received several honors for her reporting, including two Emmy Awards, a duPont-Columbia Award and a regional Edward R. Murrow Award. In 2023, “ABC News Live Prime with Linsey Davis” won the Gracie Award for Best National News Program and a Front-Page Award for the feature “Water Warriors.” In 2022, she also won a 2022 On Air Talent – News Magazine Gracie Award.
Davis is the author of six books, including The New York Times bestsellers “Girls of the World” (March 2024) and “The Smallest Spot of a Dot” (January 2023), and the titles “How High Is Heaven” (February 2022), “Stay This Way Forever” (February 2021), “The World Is Awake” (February 2019) and “One Big Heart” (August 2019).
Davis earned her undergraduate degree in psychology from the University of Virginia and a Master of Arts degree in communications from New York University.
24/7 coverage of breaking news and live events