Amid last month's leak for Big Sean's sixth studio album, the rapper releases a series of skits with Jordan Howlett to confirm the delay.

							By 

	James R. Sanders

Evening & Weekend Editor

	Rapper Big Sean’s highly anticipated new album Better Than You was supposed to be released Friday, but instead, the rapper took to Instagram to confirm the album’s delay via a slew of skits with content creator Jordan Howlett.

	“So, the album didn’t drop tonight,” Big Sean said in the first skit, looking in the mirror. Out of nowhere, Howlett is summoned.
A post shared by Jordan Howlett (@jordan_the_stallion8)

	Howlett took responsibility for the album not dropping saying in another video, “The album’s not coming out tonight. And I know what you’re thinking, ‘Why Jordan? Why is not?’ It’s my fault. It is my fault.”

	









A post shared by BIGSEAN (@bigsean)

	Big Sean’s new single, “On Up” gives what the rapper calls “barbecue vibes.” When a fan asked on social media if the album was still going to drop on Friday, he replied, “i gotta push it just a lil bit. Music done but jus organizing listening events, shows etc. might need a extra week or 2 to plan. ??✨.”
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Ye's Former Manager Free Maiden Shoots Down Extortion Accusations		
			







	Last month, a premature version of Big Sean’s album was leaked—though the rapper insists that the leak has nothing to do with the delay. Some fans insisted that Kanye West may have been behind the leak, though Ye’s former protégé was quick to shoot down those rumors in a live with GothamHipHop.
Big Sean on rumors that Kanye played a part in leaking his album: “I know he ain’t do that sht. I love Ye. Without him, there would be no me.” pic.twitter.com/Br9vebXrXY

	Howlett has 11.2 million followers on Instagram—though the content creator rose to fame on TikTok where he has 13.1 million followers. His most popular content revolves around the idea that Gen-Zers look older due to stress.

Better Than You is going to be Big Sean’s sixth’s studio album. No official release date has been given.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.