Today's Digital Daily	
			



	
			Today's Digital Daily	
			

Some 150 designers from 15 countries will participate in the event.  
News Director

	Runway 7, which features designer runway shows of both established and indie brands, will be held Sept. 4 to 8 during New York Fashion Week.

	The shows will take place at Sony Hall at 235 West 46th Street and spotlight 150 designers from 15 countries including Jamaica, Argentina, Chile, Brazil, Mexico, China, Australia, Puerto Rico, Japan, Ghana, Colombia and Canada.

	Runway 7 is a fashion week production company that integrates international designers, media, celebrities and commerce each season. 

	Among the brands showing will be Lewis Beilharz, an Australian-born, New York based designer and artist; Coolibar, a swim and resortwear line that has received The Skin Cancer Foundation’s Seal of Recommendation; KH House of Khaddar, a clothing line of authentic handloom fabric; Panni Margot, an Argentinian-based avant-garde designer; MI Vestito Blanco, a Mexico-based women’s bridal designer; Maya Hogan, a Goth couture designer; Theodore, an Australian men’s suit designer; Austin Tootle, an edgy modern designer; Vaida, an affordable luxury goods brand, and Lady Fines, an adaptive clothing brand.

	











	
			Related Articles	
	













	Fashion Features
	



	
			KFN Unveils Ambitious Plans to Reimagine New York Fashion Week	
			













	Fashion Scoops
	



	
			Why Is Women's History Museum a Clothing Label?	
			








	This year, Splendid China, a special showcase dedicated to emerging talent and traditional Chinese designers, will also participate in Runway 7. 




			You May Also Like		






	The lineup of emerging designers will include Japanese designer Hippy Samurai; Spain-based and handmade Grange; U.S. designers Randhawa and Lisa Hunkins; Mexican-based designer Diana Morlan, and Jngli, a brand that merges streetwear and couture concepts.  

	To continue the tradition of raising awareness and funds for multiple sclerosis research, a white-coat runway show with Mount Sinai’s Corinne Goldsmith Dickinson Center for Multiple Sclerosis will feature a collection on the runway of custom-designed lab coats. To date, Runway 7 has raised $100,000 for multiple sclerosis research for Mount Sinai.

	“Runway 7 is not just a runway show, it’s a celebration of culture and innovation coming together. Season 7 marks a special milestone for us, and our team is thrilled to present a showcase that embodies creativity and elegance. As we unveil our collections, we are reminded of the importance of our cause in the fight against MS,” said Diane Vara, director of public relations for Runway 7 LLC.

	For its third time, Elysian’s Catwalk Furbuy will also participate. This show benefits animal welfare charities such as Marley’s Mutts and Juniper & Friends. The Elysian will also do a charitable runway show with such designers as Nicole Miller, Alex Foxswroth, Jonathan Kanye, Christina Strayer and Brooke Wilder as judges. 
Sign up for WWD news straight to your inbox every day
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
WWD and Women's Wear Daily are part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All Rights Reserved.