Getty Images
Dave Portnoy and Josh Richards are standing by Brianna “Chickenfry” LaPaglia after her split from Zach Bryan in their own way — by dropping a diss track.
The “BFFs” podcast cohosts unveiled the track, titled “Smallest Man,” on Wednesday, November 6. Although it has since been removed from YouTube due to copyright, fans can still catch the music video on TikTok and Instagram.
“Smallest Man” features lines like “lyin’ Zach Bryan” and references Zach’s own songs, including “Pretty soon you going to need a revival,” a clear nod to his well-known track, “Revival.”
Throughout the song, the hosts touch on several of Zach’s recent controversies, including his infamous drunken post about Kanye West being better than Taylor Swift. Dave — ever a Swiftie — raps at one point: “Think you’re on some s—t tryna diss Taylor Swift, did a hundo ‘gram stories apologizing like a bitch.”
Later in the track, Dave calls out Zach for attempting to “split up” Brianna and her best friend Grace O’Malley, who’ve had a pretty rocky friendship this year.
Another noteworthy moment references Noah Kahan and his rumored feud with Zach earlier this year, after the country star allegedly ditched the “Stick Season” singer’s show at Fenway Park as a guest artist.
“Too drunk for Fenway? Zach god damn, even Noah knows you’re the real Kahn man,” Dave raps.
The song closes with a nod to Zach’s track “28,” which details his past relationship with Brianna. “How lucky is Bri to be free of ZB,” both Dave and Josh sing, modifying the original lyrics.
Brianna is currently on a break from social media and is scheduled to return to the “BFFs” podcast on Thursday, November 7, after taking a week off in the wake of her breakup with Zach.
ICYMI, Zach confirmed his and Brianna’s breakup on his Instagram Stories on Oct. 22, over a year after the two first began dating in June 2023. Following his announcement, Brianna released her own statement and a YouTube video, saying she felt “blindsided” by the post.
“I’m probably not gonna post this for a little while, but I just woke up to Zach posting on his Instagram that we broke up and I had no idea that post was going up,” she said in the video, while sitting on her bathroom floor. “He didn’t text me, he didn’t call me.”
Following the split, Brianna’s podcast host has started to reveal his real feelings regarding her ex-boyfriend.
During a recent appearance on “The Unnamed Show,” Dave recalled two negative experiences he had with Zach that raised some red flags (he also noted that he got the “green light” to publicly share these stories from Brianna).
“He just seemed like a really immature, not confident baby,” he said at one point.
The CEO also said it was “crazy” that Zach had allegedly signed up for the dating app Raya amid the breakup.
“That’s dirty business,” Dave said, adding: “He was on a dating app before the body was cold!”
Love J-14? Be sure to subscribe to our YouTube channel for fun, exclusive videos with your favorite stars.
J-14 has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
J-14 is part of the a360media Entertainment Group.Copyright © a360media 2025. All Rights Reserved