This former Yeezy-owned van is sure to turn heads — just not in the way an exotic car would. Pictured here is a 1996 Mauck MSV 1120S Elite RV. Mauck built just 100 examples of the unique luxury RV between 1996 and 1999, and this, the second unit made, was registered to Kanye West's Yeezy LLC from April 2023 to January 2024. The RV wears a monochrome black color scheme with power coming from a 6.3-liter GM V8, upgraded from the standard 5.7-liter unit. A Cummins 2.8kW generator, tandem rear axle, and air suspension make it a legit long-distance hauler. The interior is trimmed in grey and black leather, with a U-shaped couch at the back, space for six, and amenities like a refrigerator and sink. Orion speakers and a roof-mounted entertainment system prevent boredom on trips. The RV shows 60,000 miles and is currently up for auction on Cars & Bids.
Range Rover follows up the Sport SV Edition One with the Edition Two, adding four curated color packages.

Read More  or  Learn More From Land Rover

Arcade is a UK-based shop offering ex-Swiss Army G-Class SUVs with civilized interiors and optional electric conversions.

Read More  or   Learn More From Arcade Cars

RTA teams up with LA Lakers forward Jarred "Vando" Vanderbilt for a new collection that channels his signature off-court style into the RTA's bold, street-luxe aesthetic. The drop fuses sharp silhouettes and premium materials with a rebellious edge reflecting Vando's rise from NBA star to style icon. Key pieces include the Marco Jacket in exclusive RTA x Vando colors, the swagger-heavy Jordan Hoodie, and the Rafa Oversized Sweatpants built for effortless flex. It's bold, modern streetwear—refined but never restrained.
Presented by RTA.
Presented by RTA.

Buy Now From RTA

Designed for short getaways, the Lundi Wilson Travel Bag masterfully combines style and functionality. Crafted from supple, semi-vegetable-tanned full-grain leather, this compact yet spacious bag offers 30 liters of storage with specialized compartments for your clothes, a 13"-14" laptop, cables, accessories, and even shoes in dedicated exterior pockets. Thoughtfully designed, it features YKK metal zippers, a soft Alcantara lining, and a leather strap with recycled felt padding for comfortable shoulder carry. Crafted with eco-conscious materials from LWG-certified tanneries and durable brass hardware, the design exudes both sustainability and timeless elegance. Available in Cognac, Black, Navy, and Chestnut, the Wilson Travel Bag is the ultimate travel companion.
Presented by Lundi.
Presented by Lundi.

Buy Now From Lundi

Ordered by the Sultan of Brunei, the only LM002 officially sanctioned by Lamborghini goes to auction this August.

Read More  or  Bid Now

INEOS' first model from its Arcane Works custom division is the Grenadier Detour, limited to 200 units.

Read More  or  Learn More From Ineos

Launched last April, Vita Coco Treats is a new coconutmilk beverage crafted for those moments when you're in the mood for something light, sweet, and satisfying. Combining the flavors of creamy coconut and sweet strawberries, Vita Coco Treats offers a refreshingly indulgent drink. Instead of flooding "influencers" with free products as promotion, they brought the product to the people this Valentine's Day in the form of a DIY vending machine. Set up in Washington Square Park, New York, it dispensed free Strawberries & Crème Treats to passersby, leading to long lines and an overwhelming response. This fun, natural experience is much like the drink itself, which has ingredients you can pronounce and is likely to leave a smile on your face.
Presented by Vita Coco.
Presented by Vita Coco.

Learn More From Vita Coco

This Mother's Day, Joyful Co. has curated a box filled with self care products to uplift her spirits, nourish her body, and create a soothing environment that promotes relaxation and balance. Included is jasmine pearl tea, a gold tea infuser, orange & ginger lip balm, serene essential oil, purifying activated charcoal lavender soap, a calming tea candle, and lavender hand cream, all packaged in a gift-ready box. All of Joyful Co.'s Mother's Day gifts are 20% off until Sunday, May 11th 2025.
Presented by Joyful Co.
Presented by Joyful Co.

Buy From Joyful Co.

Vanyx aims at the ultra-luxury market with this nearly $1 million camper van.

Read More  or  Buy From Vanyx

Alpha debuted the Oryx, part of the modular Wolf family of light pickups aimed at commercial users.

Read More  or  Learn More From Aplha

Be the first to know about the newest gear, automobiles, and apparel for men.
— Doug Stephens, Retail Futurist
© 2025 
        Uncrate LLC. All rights reserved. Independently published since 2005.
      


        All items on Uncrate are hand-chosen by editors for quality and relevance to our readers. Supply items are sold directly by us. Some editorial may be sponsored or allow us to receive a commission.
      

  						Free shipping over $200 in the U.S.
  						 International rates at checkout.
              We're proud to offer a discount to Military, Nurses, and First Responders.