Sarah Jayne Dunn has dusted off backlash from online trolls over going knickerless.
The 42-year-old bombshell, who shot to fame on Hollyoaks as Mandy Richardson, has opened up about being panty-free on many occasions. From red carpet stints to Tesco shopping trips, it doesn't matter for Sarah Jayne, and she does it so much that her partner calls it her "uniform".
Now a mum-of-one and an OnlyFans icon, Sarah Jayne has hit back at online critics who slam her for daring to bare all. Speaking up on the issue, the model proudly confessed she enjoys nothing more than getting home a whipping her knickers off.
READ MORE: Sarah Jayne Dunn says racy pic site is 'really respectful' compared to Instagram
READ MORE: Click for more brilliant Daily Star TV stories
The former channel 4 soap star went on to hail many celebrities, who in recent times decided to not wear underwear. She heaped support for Kardashians star Kyle for her recent bottomless reveal.
Speaking to The Sun, Sarah Jayne said: "Being knickerless is the latest trend to hit Hollywood with stars like the Kardashians, Vick Hope and Miley Cyrus baring their bums in designer fits - and I salute them.
"I've always been a proud commando girl. I go knickerless all the time, so much in fact that my other half calls it my 'uniform' After a long day at work I march through the door and whip off my undies.
She added: "It’s not just guys who need a bit of air down there, you know. Sarah Jayne went on to say: "So you can imagine my delight when I saw Kylie Jenner completely starkers under sheer black tights while modelling Sam Edelman's latest shoe collection."
Sarah Jayne's praise didn't stop there as she also got behind DJ Vick Hope for turning up to the Harper's Bazaar Women Of The Year Awards in a practically non-existent frock that was very daring in places. Another name drop was Kanye West's wife Bianca Censori.
The rap star's wife has been causing a storm online because of some of her incredibly risqué outfits that dare to expose every single inch of her body. Sarah didn't want to "forget" Bianca as she backed her over her controversial tights and fur coat ensemble.
Sarah Jayne's exit from Hollyoaks caused widespread dispute when it was announced in 2021 that the actress was leaving the soap. It was understood at the time that she was asked to delete her OnlyFans account if she wanted to remain on the Channel 4 programme.
It was reported that chiefs had thought her images were too racy and believed it could taint their image. But Sarah refused to give it up and fought back.
Since then, Sarah Jayne has come up against a number of nasty trolls for her work on OnlyFans, this after she was publicly shamed last month by a follower named Richard who had trolled one of her posts. He wrote: "Why would you wanna see a middle aged 42-year-old getting her kit off?"
In reply Sarah Jayne had a few stern words for the keyboard warrior, she said: "Oh Richard, Thank you for being a prime example of basically what I was saying in a lot of my interview. So yes - I am a middle-aged woman and yes, I do embrace my femininity and my sexuality and my body.
She added: "I feel confident, and do you know what? I'm going to do it even more because of people like you that tell women like me that after a certain age we can't do that - we can't be sexual, we can't be sexy."
Want all the biggest Showbiz and TV news straight to your inbox? Sign up for our free Daily Star Showbiz newsletter
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.