By JUSTIN ENRIQUEZ and SAMEER SURI FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  20:52, 3 September 2024   |  Updated:  21:06, 3 September 2024   
 242
View  comments
Kanye West fans were reminded of his wife's wildest look yet as her completely nude under a transparent raincoat look was revisited.
The 29-year-old Australian architect wild look was featured on Kanye West fan blog Yeezy Mafia's X account as it went viral once again on Monday morning.
Back in February, Bianca and the 47-year-old artist were famously seen making a head-turning arrival to a Los Angeles music studio.
Proving that far less is more, the stunner wore absolutely nothing beneath her cagoule, going completely naked bar a pair of knee high black boots. 
Branding across the front of the coat helped shield her ample chest, yet she was forced to place her hand over her groin to protect her modesty.
Kanye West fans were reminded of his wife's wildest look yet as her completely nude under a transparent raincoat look was revisited
The 29-year-old Australian architect wild look was featured on Kanye West fan blog Yeezy Mafia's X account as it went viral once again on Monday morning
Her other hand was firmly grasped by husband Kanye West, who also appeared to be taking no chances with the Pineapple Express storm pummelling the West Coast, as he donned an oversized khaki poncho with black rain boots.
Sartorially out of sync with his wife, the rapper was as covered up as possible, layering a black top and joggers under his coat and thick leather gloves.
He completed the look with a black face mask featuring a leather panel slapped across the middle.
Meanwhile, Kanye recently surfaced in Seoul with his 11-year-old daughter North and his wife Bianca - who was uncharacteristically covered up.
Bianca has risked flouting the law in more than one country with her flesh-flashing outfits, but has been dressing conservatively while in South Korea.
She and Kanye have been accompanied by his three older children - North as well as her brother Saint, eight, and sister Chicago, six.
The 47-year-old rapper, who shares all his children with his ex-wife Kim Kardashian, has not been seen with his five-year-old son Psalm in Asia. 
For her latest sighting, Bianca was draped in what looked like a large beige cape with a hood, complementing her husband's cream sweatsuit. 
Back in February, Bianca and the 47-year-old artist were famously seen making a head-turning arrival to a Los Angeles music studio
During his latest outing in the South Korean capital, Kanye could be seen posing for pictures with fans and stopping at a local Starbucks.
He also took his little girl to a toy store that was filled with goodies ranging from miniature tanks to stuffed animals.
Kanye could be seen sweetly leaning down to be at North's level as she browsed some of the items in the shop. 
Earlier this week, Bianca was seen in an unusually sober ensemble including high-neck midi dress when she and Kanye arrived in Seoul with the children.
They were there for Kanye's Vultures 2 listening party with Ty Dolla $ign, held Friday at Goyang Stadium, to be followed by another event in Taiwan on Sunday. 
Kanye last performed in South Korea 14 years earlier while at the Summer Week&T music festival back in 2010.
In February, a source revealed to DailyMail.com that Kim had asked Kanye to have his wife cover up when around their children, which might explain her clothing choice. 
'Kim instructed Kanye to never let Bianca dress like that around their kids. She is truly surprised that Kanye would let his wife leave the house like that.'
The insider added: 'Kanye did the same thing he is doing with Bianca to Kim throughout their marriage. The difference is that when Kanye dressed Kim, he was respected as a person – as an artist.'
The couple are in South Korea ahead of Kanye's Vultures 2 listening party with Ty Dolla $ign. 
Meanwhile, Kanye recently surfaced in Seoul with his 11-year-old daughter North and his wife Bianca - who was uncharacteristically covered up in a beige hooded cape (center) 
He also took his little girl to a toy store that was filled with goodies ranging from miniature tanks to stuffed animals
Kanye could be seen sweetly leaning down to be at North's level as she browsed some of the items in the shop
Bianca and Kanye have been accompanied by his three older children - North (right) as well as her brother Saint, eight, and sister Chicago , six
During his latest outing in the South Korean capital, Kanye could be seen mingling with fans, posing for pictures with a group of them
Kanye, pictured at a Starbucks in Seoul, was there for his Vultures 2 listening party with Ty Dolla $ign Friday, to be followed by another event in Taiwan on Sunday
Kanye, pictured in Seoul this week, last performed in South Korea 14 years earlier while at the Summer Week&T music festival back in 2010
The couple are in South Korea ahead of Kanye's Vultures 2 listening party with Ty Dolla $ign (seen in February in Milan)
The event will take place on Friday, August 23 at Goyang Stadium, following by another party in Taiwan on August 25. 
Ahead of their trip to South Korea, the rapper was seen taking his scantily-clad wife to grab a quick bite to eat at a Kentucky Fried Chicken in Los Angeles. 
As they entered the popular fast food restaurant, all eyes were on the Australian architect, who left little to the imagination in a tattered grey bra and satin underwear.
In a photo, which appears to be taken from the KFC security camera, the Grammy winner could be seen sporting a white hoodie and black pants. 
While it is unclear when the pair visited the KFC, Censori's sister, Angelina, posted a snap of her wearing the same revealing outfit to her Instagram Story on Saturday. 
From LA to Tokyo and Berlin to Paris and Venice, Bianca's increasingly shocking and shrinking outfits have been getting her in troubles with the authorities around the world.
Two weeks ago, Bianca's most 'extreme' outfit yet was the latest in a long list of outraging public decency incidents around the world - and has seen her teetering on the very edge of the law. 
The music artist shares North, 11, Saint, eight, Chicago, six and Psalm, five, with ex-wife Kim Kardashian
In February, a source revealed to DailyMail.com that Kim had asked Kanye to have his wife cover up when around their children , which might explain her ensemble (pictured in July) 
Ahead of their trip to South Korea, the Stronger rapper was seen taking his wife to grab a quick bite to eat at a Kentucky Fried Chicken in Los Angeles with Bianca in a tattered grey bra
Her decision to go topless in LA raises yet more questions about whether on the orders of husband Kanye because of a PR war with his ex-wife Kim. 
Mark Borkowski, arguably Britain's leading PR guru, told MailOnline: 'Where does it end? She clearly is very comfortable with her public image and demonstrates it with this extreme fashion statement. 
'I can only think this is a considered act. It feels to be a desperate attempt for publicity. It feels like a living embodiment of the Empress has no clothes'.
Bianca has continued to push the boundaries of fashion to the very limit since she got together with Kanye - and there are questions about whether she is the source of the ideas or simply West's muse.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group