Kanye West has been slammed by Jimmy Kimmel after the rapper announced his hopes to launch 'Yeezy porn.'
After winning in the world of music and delving into fashion, he's now ready to explore the world of adult films. The move has been met a furious reaction from fans who have threatened to boycott him.
Outspoken Jimmy had plenty to say on the matter too, suggesting that Kanye's move into porn could not be further from when he opened a religious school to honour the memory of his late mom, Donda. Jimmy joked that Yeezy Porn was 'the next logical step after opening a pre-K through 12th grade Christian private school. You can't say he doesn't have a range, right?'
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Bianca Censori steps out in hot pants as Kanye 'confirms' Yeezy porn venture
Kanye appeared to confirm the reports with a lewd post on Twitter/X last week saying: "Yeezy porn is C**ming." It prompted Jimmy to comment on his show: "That is the kind of business genius he is. He said 'You know what the internet could use? Some porn.'"
Kanye's new venture into porn hasn't gone down too well with fans who have flocked to social media site Twitter /X to comment.
One said: "This is very disappointing, " and another said: "I love Kanye, but this is one thing I can't defend him on."
A third chimed in: "Bro is lost," while a fourth said: "This man needs Jesus." Kanye has opened up about his desire to move into the world of adult films.
Meanwhile Kanye's ex wife Kim was slammed by fans after she appeared on Jimmy Kimmel Live! and opened up about a weird routine she has. The reality TV star appeared on the show to discuss rumours of her apparent quirks, admitting some were true. One such request comes in the form of how she drinks her daily coffee. It wasn't the only quirky habit Kim acknowledged on the show. She also revealed it's true she makes sure her jewellery has been heated up prior to her putting it on. Kim told Jimmy: "I hate being freezing and when you put on cold jewellery or anything with a zipper I just need it warmed and then to put it on."
An expert previously told the Mirror this action can also help keep her bling sparkling. Ben Roberts, who's the boss at Clogau, said: "That dreaded cold feeling when you initially put on your jewellery is not fun for anybody, but by having her team give her accessories a quick blast with the hairdryer, Kim is adding an extra layer of luxury to her routine. She can really feel like an A-lister by getting rid of those cold shocks, and making her jewels feel even more special."
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.