"I wish gang da best," Fivio wrote on X.

							By 

	Preezy Brown

Hip-Hop Reporter

Fivio Foreign has made it clear he has no intention of pushing back the release of his new album despite the date falling on the same day as Kanye West and Ty Dolla $ign‘s widely anticipated Vultures album.

	On Wednesday (Jan. 31), the Brooklyn emcee took to social media to announce that he had no qualms about sharing a release date with Yeezy. He declared his lack of concern about Pain & Love 2, his sophomore studio album, being overshadowed and underperforming commercially as a result.

	“Listen YE is my brother in real life,” Fivio wrote in reference to the hitmaker in a post on X. “But I ain’t changing my date for nuffin in the world,” he added. The 33-year-old proceeded to voice his support of West and his album, noting that his sentiments are likely the same as Yeezy’s. 

	










	“I wish gang da best & I kno he feel da same,” he wrote at the end of the post before plugging the title of his album and their shared release date.
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Ye's Former Manager Free Maiden Shoots Down Extortion Accusations		
			







	Fivio Foreign’s latest project comes nearly two years after the release of his acclaimed debut album B.I.B.L.E. Released on April 8, 2022 through Atlantic Records, B.I.B.L.E. peaked at No. 9 on the Billboard 200 and includes features from A$AP Rocky, Lil Yachty, DJ Khaled, Quavo, Lil Tjay, Quavo, Queen Naija, Coi Leray, Chlöe, Yung Bleu, Ne-Yo, and more. 

	The album was preceded by the hit single “City of Gods” featuring Kanye West and Alicia Keys, which peaked at No. 46 on the Billboard 200 and earned Gold certification, his second time achieving that feat as a lead artist.

	In 2023, Fivio surprised fans with the impromptu EP Without Warning, an eight-song release that included a guest spot by Kanye West on the track “Concussion.”

	The rapper’s original Pain And Love EP came out in November 2019. The sequel is slated to feature appearances by Meek Mill, Swae Lee, Lil Tjay, Popcaan, Sheff G, Vory, Rowdy Rebel and 41.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.