Inside the largest Loch Ness Monster hunt in decades – LINK
Rare parasitic cicada fungus confirmed in Missouri, turns the insects into hypersexual ‘zombies’ – LINK
Driver who went viral for appearing at Zoom hearing for driving with suspended license went to jail over clerical error: ‘It’s very embarrassing’ – LINK
Amazon driver delivers package to smoky garage, fails to call 911, homeowner says – LINK
A Study Found Children Now Trust Robots More Than Adults – LINK
US woman declared dead found alive at funeral home – LINK
Pepsi’s reign as America’s No 2 soda is over – an ‘underdog’ has overtaken it – LINK
MUSIC
Kanye West is being sued by his ex-personal assistant, who claims he fired her after sending vile sexual texts and videos – LINK
Billy Corgan of Smashing Pumpins knows a bit about releasing long albums, and he’s come to the defense of an artist who’s packed the tracks on her latest release — Taylor Swift – LINK
Miley Cyrus was just interviewed by “W Magazine” and shared a cool story about her godmother, Dolly Parton.  Miley said the main way Dolly gets a hold of her is via FAX MACHINE. Miley said, “No one else faxes.  I literally have to access my lawyer’s office, because the lawyer is the only one who can receive a fax.” One of the faxes Dolly sent to Miley said, “How much do I love you?  As much as my heart can hold, and as long as my arms can reach.”  To which Miley said, “It gets me choked up.  I just love her so much” – LINK
TV
Actor Jonathan Tucker  became a real-life hero this weekend … rescuing a neighbor and her kids after a home invasion. He noticed a man banging on doors and going into homes in his neighborhood.  After getting off the phone with cops, he went outside after losing sight of the guy — and when he got out there … he saw that one of his neighbors’ front doors was wide open, so he raced over to make sure everything was okay. TMZ reports, Jonathan went inside, found a little girl in one part of the house — whom he swooped up, only to come across her mother and another child in yet another part of the home. We’re told the mom was completely panicked and frantic … not knowing what was going on – LINK
A reboot of the competition series “American Gladiators” is in the works for Prime Video – LINK
Actor Zachary Quinto, known for playing Spock in the latest ‘Star Trek’ film franchise, has been banned from a Toronto restaurant for allegedly yelling at the staff – LINK
MOVIES
This is crazy to think about: two of the seemingly nicest guys in cinema, being mad at each other… Henry Winkler and Tom Hanks have beef going back more than 30 years, thanks to the 1989 comedy “Turner & Hooch”. They were scouting locations in the seaside town of Carmel, California, when a woman came running out of a store yelling, quote, “Henry, Fonz!  Oh, my god!”  And Henry said to her, quote, “And, of course, you know Tom Hanks.” For some reason, that offended Tom.  And when Henry was fired 13 days into filming, the director of photography told him, quote, “I knew that this was going to happen, on that day in Carmel” – LINK
Jeremy Renner had a two-film run in the Mission: Impossible series and the producers wanted to kill off his character agent William Brandt. On a recent podcast, Renner spoke about his appearances in 2011’s Mission: Impossible – Ghost Protocol and 2015’s Mission: Impossible – Rogue Nation. Renner’s character was supposed to be offed in 2018’s MI: Fallout. He said, “I remember they tried to bring me over[seas] for a week so they could kill my character, and I was like, ‘No, you don’t get to do that. You’re not going to drag me over there and just kill my character,’ like get out of here! If you’re going to do this and you’re going to use my character, you’re going to do it right.” Renner said he might consider joining the franchise again if he’s asked. He continued, “Maybe now that my daughter is older that could happen. I’d always jump into a ‘Mission: Impossible’ anytime and back into Brandt. It’s great” – LINK
Elle Fanning will star in “Badlands”, a new movie in the “Predator” universe – LINK
MISC
Vintage toy makes history … A rocket-firing Boba Fett Star Wars action figure is now officially the world’s most valuable vintage toy. The toy, which was sold at auction for $525,000, was never released to the public because it was supposedly a choking hazard. There are only two of these things around – and the toys have only survived because someone at the toy factory rescued them “from a box of discarded toys deposited there for employees to take home” – LINK
Spotify users will see a price increase for the second time in less than a year. The Sweden-based firm announced on Monday that it will raise the monthly subscription price for its popular Premium individual plans by $1, from $10.99 to $11.99 – LINK
X/Twitter has updated its policies to allow for porn content on the social media site, saying, “You may share consensually produced and distributed adult nudity or sexual behavior, provided it’s properly labeled and not prominently displayed.” X encourages users who post adult content regularly to have “all your images and videos behind a content warning that needs to be acknowledged before your media can be viewed,” or X will do it for them – LINK
Mr. Beast is the new king of YouTube – he now has the most subscribers in the entire world, with 266,707,995 subscribers – LINK
TV TONIGHT
Tuesday, June 4th
TOP TALK SHOW GUESTS:
DON’T MISS TV:
WHAT TO STREAM:
All listings are subject to change
Need help accessing the FCC Public File due to a disability? Please contact Melissa Johnson at publicfilestlouis@hubbardradio.com
This web site is not intended for users located within the European Economic Area.

YouTube Terms of Service |
        Google Privacy Policy |
        Google Terms of Service 

© 2025 Hubbard Radio St. Louis, LLC