Right now we take "a moment" to celebrate the goodness of singer, hottie & trendsetter Miley as we check pop culture, community news and top headlines. 
Check TKC news gathering . . .
With hundreds of thousands of people downtown and dozens of road closures throughout the day, getting flowers out the door and to their recipients on time will be more difficult.
Custom cars, classic rides, metallic paint jobs and lots of chrome can be seen at the 64th annual World of Wheels at Bartle Hall this weekend.
A 93-year-old fixture of downtown Kansas City's skyline is back up for grabs, with 152 condo-style apartments above Class A office space.
NHL Commissioner Gary Bettman appeared to mention Cincinnati as a possible expansion city for the first time during a media Q&A Friday.
What's new in Kansas City food and drink February 2024. From new dishes to new restaurants, KC is hopping.
She has not been seen much this year on social media and this new post may be a lead up to Sunday's Grammy Awards, which she is expected to attend. She has six Grammy noms.
President Joe Biden will not grant an interview on Super Bowl Sunday to CBS News, marking the second consecutive year he has declined to participate
Republican National Committee members dismiss the notion that there would be any last-minute attempt to take away the nomination from Trump at the 2024 convention in Milwaukee.
The crucial task of ensuring a fair vote falls to a work crew that must be well prepared, even when few people show up
An unscientific bias against "feral" or "invasive" animals threatens to undercut one of the great stabilizing trends making ecosystems healthier, a new paper argues. Introduced species such as feral pigs, horses, donkeys and camels represent a powerful force of "rewilding" - the reintroduction of wild animals into ecosystems where humans had eradicated them - according to a study...
It is the third round of U.S. and U.K. airstrikes against Houthi targets in Yemen since the first on Jan. 11.
House Speaker Mike Johnson will put forth a clean standalone Israel aid bill with no funding offsets.
Beijing has been grappling with severe real estate troubles and a deep bear market in stocks. Reports this week say critics are being censored.
Marilyn Manson has completed his community service sentence for blowing his nose on a videographer at a 2019 concert in New Hampshire.
Rapper and Yeezy founder Kanye West channeled horror villain Jason Voorhees from the classic film "Friday the 13th" for his son Saint's basketball game in Los Angeles Friday evening.
Prosecutors will not press charges against a congressional staffer and his partner for an alleged Senate sex video.
Surprise! Kansas City Chiefs running back Jerick McKinnon is practicing - and he could play in Super Bowl LVIII against the San Francisco 49ers.
Join us on the latest episode of Northeast Newscast as we embark on an exciting journey with Michael Bushnell and Director of Visitor Experience and Public Programs, Paul Gutierrez. They...
A new store, Planet Queen Records, is opening up on 209 W Maple Ave in Independence. It has music, movies, and an assortment of merch.
An observation deck atop KC's beaux arts-era City Hall offers a bird's-eye view of the city and its environs
Saturday will have high temperatures around 59 degrees; morning fog will clear up, but rain enters the picture in the evening.
Miley Cyrus - Faithfully is the song of the day and this is the OPEN THREAD for right now.
TKC COMMENT POLICY:Be percipient, be nice. Don't be a spammer. BE WELL!!!- The Management