By 

	Steven J. Horowitz

Senior Music Writer

DJ Clark Kent, a hip-hop pioneer with production credits on hits for Jay-Z, Notorious B.I.G. and Mariah Carey, has died at the age of 58.

	The musician, who has become a legendary figurehead in hip-hop over the past few decades, passed away after a three-year battle with colon cancer. Throughout his career, he became a tastemaker and curator that filled gaps across hip-hop culture. As a musician, he produced classic records including Jay-Z’s “Brooklyn’s Finest,” a collaboration that resulted after he first introduced the rapper to the Notorious B.I.G., as well as Mariah Carey’s “Loverboy (Remix)” and Junior M.A.F.I.A.’s “Player’s Anthem.” Additionally, he was known for his passion for sneakers and his extensive footwear collection, and collaborated with brands including Adidas and Nike.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					State of the Video Game Industry: A Special Report		
			














	
		
					Paul Feig Sets First-Look Deal With Warner Bros. Television		
			








	In a statement posted to his social media profiles, his family shared that he spent years battling colon cancer and died peacefully. “It is with deep sadness that we share the passing of the beloved Rodolfo A. Franklin, known to the world as DJ Clark Kent,” reads the statement. “Clark passed away Thursday evening surrounded by his devoted wife Kesha, daughter Kabriah and son Antonio.”




			Popular on Variety		






	“Clark quietly and valiantly fought a three year battle with Colon Cancer, while continuing to share his gifts with the world. The family is grateful for everyone’s love, support and prayers during this time and ask for privacy as they process this immense loss.”

	Born Rodolfo Franklin, Kent got his start in the industry in the late 1980s as a DJ for Brooklyn rapper Dana Dane and DJing on New York City radio. After securing his first major hit with a remix of R&B group Troop’s “Spread Your Wings” in 1989, he landed his first major placements on Junior M.A.F.I.A.’s 1995 album “Conspiracy,” producing “I Need You Tonight” and “Player’s Anthem” that were the first-ever tracks to feature Lil’ Kim.

	In 1996, he played a key role in Jay-Z’s debut album “Reasonable Doubt,” producing the songs “Brooklyn’s Finest,” “Coming of Age” and “Cashmere Thoughts.” Over the years, his resume grew to include Notorious B.I.G.’s “Sky’s the Limit” and Carey’s “Loverboy (Remix)” in 2001, with additional credits for artists including Queen Latifah, Kanye West, Redman and more.

	Outside of music, Kent was a revered shoe enthusiast. Kent designed his first sneaker for Nike, the “112 Pack,” in 2009. He was said to have more than 3,500 pairs of shoes in his collection and subsequently collaborated with brands including Adidas and New Balance.

	










	In a statement shared with Variety, Nike commented, “We are deeply saddened by the passing of our dear friend and true cultural icon, DJ Clark Kent. At Nike, we were honored to collaborate with Clark on projects that celebrated not only his deep love for sneakers but also his unwavering dedication to pushing creative boundaries and elevating culture. His impact on the world of sneakers is beyond measure, with an influence that spans the globe and generations. Clark’s legacy will forever inspire future talent, leaving a lasting mark on our industry. Our hearts go out to Clark’s family, friends, and all those touched by his extraordinary talent, passion, and kindness. His presence will be greatly missed.”

	Clark is the subject of an upcoming documentary directed by media personality Angie Martinez, who recently spoke of his legacy during an interview with Modern Luxury. “His DNA is splattered throughout the culture in a way that deserves to be explored, not just for the purpose of telling his story, but for the purpose of learning and making sure that we are all operating in a way that preserves the culture so honorably,” she said.
A post shared by DJ Clark Kent (@djclarkkent)
The Business of Entertainment