It took a while, but "Vultures 1," the collaborative album by rappers Kanye West and Ty Dolla $ign, debuted at number-one on the Billboard 200 albums chart with 148,000 equivalent album units based on its combined record sales, individual track sales and online streams for the tracking week that ended February 15. Read all about this week's chart here at Billboard.com.
"Vultures 1" saw its release date delayed multiple times, but finally arrived on February 10, though one song had to be removed from Spotify due to copyright issues. It's the 11th chart-topping album for West and the first for Ty Dolla $ign.
Coming in at number-two was Usher's "Coming Home," his highest charting-effort since his "Looking 4 Myself" topped the chart in 2012. It achieved 91,000 album units. Rising to number-three with 85,000 album units thanks to a special new deluxe edition was Noah Kahan's "Stick Season." That dropped Morgan Wallen's "One Thing at a Time" down two spots to number-four with 64,000 album units. Rounding out the top five was SZA's "SOS" with 51,000 album units.
In our weekly Billboard 200 predictions contest, most users correctly predicted that "Vultures 1" would be the number-one album, but only 15 people anticipated that "Coming Home" would launch in second position. Nobody saw "Stick Season" coming at number-three, so nobody was able to get a perfect score for the week. It was also a challenge to predict the last two spots on the chart. "One Thing at a Time" was forecast by just four game players at number-four. And "SOS" had just five players betting on it for number-five. In the end there was a three-way tie with three players scoring 50% correct predictions for the week. How did you do this week? See your results here.
Be sure to make your predictions so that artists can see how they’re faring in our racetrack odds. You can keep changing your predictions until just before the next tracking week begins every Friday. You’ll compete to win a spot on our leaderboard and eternal bragging rights. See our contest rules and sound off with other fans in our music forum. Read more Gold Derby entertainment news.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…
Take a trip back to the Academy Awards ceremonies of the recent past with Gold Derby’s Oscars Playback series. Hosts Joyce Eng and Christopher Rosen recap every Oscar ceremony of the 1990s and 2000s. Joyce and Chris tackle the highs and lows of each show and see how the winners aged. It’s a wonderful night for Oscar, whenever you watch!

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media