When it comes to the art of transformation, Kim Kardashian continues to be a pro. 
The reality star has once again undergone a total hair makeover, this time with a slicked-back haircut that falls somewhere between a pixie cut and a bob. Not only did the mom of four try out quite the chop -- a drastic change from her typically long tresses -- but she's also swapped her usually dark mane for pink-hued locks. 
Kardashian modeled the hair in new photos posted to Instagram late Monday, sporting a sheer black turtleneck, shorts, and thigh-high boots to go with her edgy 'do. While it's unclear if the style is the result of a wig or if Kardashian actually chopped and dyed her hair, the style and wardrobe spurred comparisons from fans to ex Kanye "Ye" West's wife, Bianca Censori, who typically wears her hair short or slicked back. 
"I couldn't tell if this was his ex wife or his current wife," one comment read. 
During her decades in the spotlight, the longtime TV personality has been known to go through hair phases, but she's been changing up her looks at a faster pace as of late. Mere days ago, she stepped out at Homeboy Industries' 2024 Lo Maximo Awards and Fundraising Gala with platinum blonde hair pulled into a sleek bun. Two days earlier, she had appeared at the White House with long, brunette hair parted in the middle.
"Ice kimmy 🧊 We wanted to keep a short root & the blonde cool & creamy," her hairstylist, Chris Appleton, said on Instagram of the blonde look. "I colored it in a couple of sessions to keep the integrity of the hair nice and juicy."
Kardashian famously arrived to the 2022 Met Gala with platinum blonde hair to go with Marilyn Monroe's historic "Happy Birthday, Mr. President" dress, which Ripley's loaned to the influencer to wear on the stairs of the star-studded event.
While she has attended every Met Gala since 2013, fans will have to wait and see if Kardashian steps out at this year's event on May 6 -- and what color hair she shows up with. 
RELATED CONTENT:
Style
News
News
News
Video