American actress Edy Williams drew gasps from the crowds when she appeared at the 1986 Oscars draped in nothing more than pearls and a tiny white thong
The 2024 Oscars are looming, and fans of fashion can't wait to see the latest red carpet looks from Hollywood's elite.
The American awards show, which first premiered way back in 1929, has showcased some outrageous outfits in its time - but perhaps none more so than Bjork's 2001 dress - which saw her walk the carpet masquerading as a feathered swan.
Bjork even simulated laying eggs, scattering six real ostrich eggs on the red carpet and causing confusion among security guards, who thought she'd dropped them accidentally and rushed to pick them up.
The outfit, by a then obscure Macedonian designer, included a life-like swan neck wrapped around the It's Oh So Quiet singer's own neck.
However, that's not where it ends - as other eyebrow-raising ensembles have included actress Edy Williams' barely-there dress, made entirely out of pearls, in the 1980s.
The skimpy dress would give Kanye West's increasingly scantily-clad wife Bianca Censori a run for her money, after she recently appeared publicly in sheer tights with no underwear on underneath.
There was also the moment when Gwyneth Paltrow shunned a bra and quickly regretted it, plus another when Natalie Portman let loose a political storm.
The star had donned a dress featuring the names of female stars who'd been shunned by the Oscars - and it didn't go down well with everyone.
Without further ado, let's take a look at some of the most eyebrow-raising outfits in Oscars history.
Cher sparkled like a night sky in this sheer dress, accented by crystals, as she prepared to collect her Best Actress award for her role in Moonstruck
Bjork scattered eggs all over the red carpet as she swanned around in her feathered outfit at the 2001 Oscars, much to the confusion of bodyguards at the event, who tried to pick up the eggs and give them back to her
Just a year after Bjork's swan dress, Gwyneth Paltrow donned a controversial Oscars outfit which saw her shun her bra - a decision she admitted she regretted, following widespread criticism
Angelina Jolie sported a very dramatic thigh-high split at the 2012 Oscars, a decision which saw the uncompromisingly glamorous star become the subject of countless internet memes
We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy
SEARCH
CONNECT WITH US
TODAY'S PAPER
 See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive.
EXPRESS.CO.UK
Daily Express uses notifications to keep you updated