After a single year with Kentucky, one of the Wildcats' stars is bidding college farewell.
Kentucky guard Rob Dillingham is declaring for the NBA draft and hiring Klutch Sports to represent him, he announced on ESPN's NBA Today studio show Tuesday afternoon.
Dillingham, 19, is considered one of the 2024 draft's top prospects.
In 32 games with the Wildcats this year, Dillingham averaged 15.2 points, 2.9 rebounds and 3.9 assists in 23.3 minutes per game. For his efforts, he was named the SEC's Sixth Man of the Year.
Kentucky, meanwhile, is in a state of turbulence: after the Wildcats lost to Oakland in the first round of the NCAA men's tournament, coach John Calipari left for Arkansas.
BREAKING: Kentucky star guard Rob Dillingham has declared for the 2024 NBA Draft‼️https://t.co/i04LnZYZhM pic.twitter.com/J6tUBJHgwC
Dillingham committed to Kentucky in 2022, spending time in three different pre-college environments—including a brief stopover at Kanye West's controversial Donda Academy.
This summer's NBA draft will be held from June 26-27 in Brooklyn.
Patrick Andres is a staff writer on the Breaking and Trending News team at Sports Illustrated. He joined SI in December 2022, having worked for The Blade, Athlon Sports, Fear the Sword and Diamond Digest. Andres has covered everything from zero-attendance Big Ten basketball to a seven-overtime college football game. He is a graduate of Northwestern University's Medill School of Journalism with a double major in history . 
Follow PAndres2001
© 2025  ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.