By MIKAELA WILKES FOR DAILY MAIL AUSTRALIA 
 Published:  00:01, 24 December 2024   |  Updated:  00:05, 24 December 2024   
 82
View  comments
American actress and model Julia Fox has unveiled her latest jaw-dropping fashion moment in Australia. 
The Italian-American 'It Girl', 34, made a splash at Melbourne's prestigious NGV Gala in a bold chainmail style gown last week, and has now revealed the reason for her appearance. 
Julia models almost naked for 'Flower Obsession' by world renowned Japanese artist Yayoi Kasuma, 95, whose largest-ever exhibition will be on display at the National Gallery of Victoria until April 2025. 
In footage the Uncut Gems star shared to Instagram, she channels American Beauty in a completely see-through floral catsuit as she reclines on a bed of red flowers. 
The style icon appears completely naked, save for a few strategically placed flowers, which recreate Mena Suvari’s iconic dream sequence from the cult film. 
'Still can’t wrap my head around this moment,' Julia captioned a post of her American Beauty-inspired artwork. 
US model and actress Julia Fox has recreates the iconic dream sequence from 1999 film American Beauty in 'Flower Obsession', an artwork by Japanese artist Yayoi Kasuma
lIn footage the Uncut Gems star shared to Instagram, she channels American Beauty in a completely see-through floral catsuit as she reclines on a bed of red flowers 
The Uncut Gems actress also poses in a red polka-dot 'infinity room', which Kasuma is known for as an artist
The outfit was designed by Melbourne-based label Wackie Ju and assisted by Jonty Knight.
Meanwhile, hair stylist John Novonty designed the towering 18th Century French hairstyle curled atop Julia's head. 
Fans of the New Yorker were left stunned.
'Mother continues to Mother™️,' one follower wrote. Another added, 'imagine being a muse for yayoi kusama …. you are ethereal.'
Suvari, who stars as the Angela in American Beauty, thanked Julia for paying homage to the 1999 film. 
'This is so incredibly beautiful and wonderful to see how this film continues to inspire. Thank you for thinking of me and for all the love and support. Means everything,' she commented. 
Born in Italy and raised in New York City, Julia wrote about her unconventional upbringing and early career in her best-selling memoir, Down The Drain. 
When it was released last year, the book became an instant best-seller. 
The outfit was designed by Melbourne-based label Wackie Ju and assisted by Jonty Knight
Meanwhile, hair stylist John Novonty designed the towering 18th Century French hairstyle curled atop Julia's head
Mena Suvari, who stars as the Angela in American Beauty (pictured), thanked Julia for paying homage to the 1999 film
It serves as proof that the model's brief and highly-publicised relationship with rapper Kanye West (following his split from ex wife Kim Kardashian) is one tiny footnote in a much more compelling story. 
Julia says the word celebrity makes her 'barf'. 
'I’ve always felt uncomfortable with that term,' she told Stellar. 
'I don’t know when it happened; when I was all of a sudden a "celebrity". I have no identification with that word. Like, I’d have to look it up. It’s just not me. I think I’m an artist who happened to get famous, and that’s it.'
But the single mother definitely is famous.
She has 1.7 million followers on Instagram, is about to launch her own TV show in the US on E! alongside Zendaya's stylist and starred with Adam Sandler in the 2019 crime thriller Uncut Gems, playing a role that was written for her.
In her memoir, Julia writes that the night before the first shoot day she got sick from some 'bad pills'.
But luckily for her, the scene she needed to film is one where her character had been out all night. 
The book spares no wild detail of her turbulent adolescence, spanning drug addiction, arrests, physically abusive relationships, losing close friends to overdoses, working as a sugar baby and a dominatrix. 
Julia Fox opened the exhibition at the 2024 NGV Gala in Melbourne earlier this month
'I really don’t care, I don’t even read the headlines; it really doesn’t impact me at all,' she said. 'I know that for every sh*tty comment, there are two positive ones.'
'I really don’t care, I don’t even read the headlines; it really doesn’t impact me at all,' she said. 'I know that for every sh*tty comment, there are two positive ones.'
Stepping out at the NGV Gala last week in a mermaid silver chainmail dress created by Catholic Guilt, Julia said Melbourne is her 'favourite city' that she's 'ever been to in her life'.
'Can we talk about the food for a second?' she said, before adding that she had to have her custom Catholic Guilt dress expanded after gorging on local produce. 
'When we had my fitting three days ago, my dress fit. And today, we had some trouble' she quipped. 
The swoon-worthy gown was inspired by Kusama’s mirror installation titled 'Chandelier of Grief'.
Julia went on to say that she loves Australia's medical system. 
'The people are amazing and free healthcare... a lot of things we don't have back home, sadly,' the American said. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group