ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
LOS ANGELES, CA - FEBRUARY 08:  Recording artist Kanye West performs onstage during The 57th Annual ... More GRAMMY Awards at the STAPLES Center on February 8, 2015 in Los Angeles, California.  (Photo by Lester Cohen/WireImage)
For months, music industry enthusiasts and rap fans have eagerly awaited Kanye West's new album Vultures, which has been created in collaboration with Ty Dolla $ign via a newly-created superduo named ¥$. Despite several setbacks and date changes, the title’s release seems imminent. Now, there’s another shocker for fans of the two artists.
According to a source working with West, Vultures is not just one album, but three distinct volumes of “album projects,” using their terminology. While specific details about the length and scope of these projects weren't disclosed, the plan is to release a the trio on three different dates throughout the spring.
The first volume of the Vultures album project is slated to drop on February 9, the most recent confirmed date for this phase of West's career. The second installment is expected on March 8, 2024, and the third part should follow just under a month later, on April 5, 2024.
These dates are, of course, subject to change, especially considering West's unpredictable nature. The release of at least the first installment of Vultures has been delayed multiple times due to clearance issues with samples used. Reportedly, West did not obtain approval to use part of a Backstreet Boys song and included music that Nicki Minaj recorded years ago, which she ultimately decided she wouldn’t let her former collaborator include on the set.
West previewed Vultures via the title’s lead single of the same name, which was released in the fall. A music video for the track, featuring collaborators $ign, Bump J, and Lil Durk, is reportedly in the works.
Vultures marks Kanye West's first proper album—or album projects—since Donda, which was released in August 2021. While the set, which was named after his late mother, received mixed reviews, Donda earned West another Album of the Year nomination at the Grammys. He would go on to release Donda 2, but the title was available exclusively on his proprietary Stem music player, and the project was reportedly never completed.
Since the Donda era, Kanye West has been involved in various ventures, including an seemingly continued attempt to run for president—a venture that didn't gain much traction the second time around. Additionally, the musician saw his business empire and net worth take massive hits following antisemitic comments made in interviews and on social media.