HOROSCOPES BY HOLIDAY, BY HOLIDAY MATHIS
This Juneteenth falls on the eve of the season’s change and the sun’s passage into the sign of patriotism and home. “Juneteenth has never been a celebration of victory, or an acceptance of the way things are. It’s a celebration of progress. It’s an affirmation that despite the most painful parts of our history, change is possible -- and there is still so much work to do.” -- Barack Obama
ARIES (March 21-April 19). That tinge of heightened awareness that pings in you like a tiny bell is telling you that you have a hot one on the line -- an idea worth exploring, a person who would be good to get to know, a topic of intrigue or a life-changing skill to add to your arsenal.
TAURUS (April 20-May 20). There’s no underestimating the power of an inviting environment where everything has a place. The attention you give to decluttering your home and workspace will reduce stress and increase your efficiency.
GEMINI (May 21-June 21). Curiosity will be your guide at first, then fate steps in to sweep you deep into the knowledge. It may even be more than you wanted to know, but think of it as a freebie course. Life is giving you an intensive study as a bonus.
CANCER (June 22-July 22). No need to be overly accommodating. This is your time to fully embody your own style. Doing what works for you will help others understand your boundaries and strengths. It will make relationships better, more comfortable and more real.
LEO (July 23-Aug. 22). Some battles are never really won, but if you stop thinking of them as battles, winning or losing becomes a moot point. What can be put in place to assure everyone a sense of respect and safety? Good answers require a deep understanding of all involved.
VIRGO (Aug. 23-Sept. 22). Sometimes, good enough really is good enough, but today, good enough is a barely passing grade. Excellence brings a good result, and to get better than that, you can refine excellence until it’s stunning.
LIBRA (Sept. 23-Oct. 23). You’re careful not to attribute special qualities to people just because you find them attractive. That would be a rookie mistake at this point. You expect it from the newbies, but you hold yourself to a higher standard.
SCORPIO (Oct. 24-Nov. 21). Hot topics abound. Words seem in a hurry to leave your brain through your lips. One deep breath will slow everything down so you can consider more careful responses. Thoughtful communication will be rewarded.
SAGITTARIUS (Nov. 22-Dec. 21). Granular study is favored. Break things down to the finer levels to analyze the pieces. It works especially well with social interactions. Great self-awareness will be gained from considering past discourse from the objective seat you now inhabit.
CAPRICORN (Dec. 22-Jan. 19). The same process of self-talk that helps you process the world can also get in the way of processing the world. Exercise, meditation and calming techniques will keep your cognition calm and constructive.
AQUARIUS (Jan. 20-Feb. 18). Desire orders your thoughts. If you’re uneasy, you are thinking about what you don’t want. Maybe what you want isn’t juicy enough. Aim higher. More attractive wants magnetize your thoughts so you don’t even have to manage them.
PISCES (Feb. 19-March 20). Just as explaining the joke spoils it, going back over magic moments can break the spell. Some spells should be broken, such as infatuations that interfere with work, mood or plans.
TODAY’S BIRTHDAY (June 19). This year brings a three-lettered theme: F-U-N. Even though lightheartedness is your prevailing mood, you’ll still navigate life’s currents with a steady hand. More highlights: You’ll have a whole new set of habits. A financial gain will allow you to explore a new interest. A group creates a role just for you, custom-fitted to your strengths and wants. Cancer and Capricorn adore you. Your lucky numbers are: 35, 27, 12, 17 and 22.
CELEBRITY PROFILES: Born in the sign of communication, Macklemore believes music is among the best vehicles for it: “Music moves people. It connects people in ways that no other medium can. It pulls heart strings. It acts as medicine.” The bright energy and rapid-fire wit of the twins is a natural fit for rap, and Macklemore even named a studio album after his sun sign. Gemini rappers include Kanye West, Kendrick Lamar, Iggy Azalea and Tupac.
Holiday Mathis’ debut novel, “How To Fail Epically in Hollywood,” is out now! This fast-paced romp about achieving Hollywood stardom is available as a paperback and e-book. Visit http://www.creatorspublishing.com for more information. Write Holiday Mathis at HolidayMathis.com.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices