Kim Kardashian confused some of her fans with the revelation she likes her jewellery heated up by a hairdryer before wearing it.
The reality TV star, 43, is often seen sporting some of the biggest bling in showbiz and one of her best pals confirmed the bizarre procedure in a recent chat. Celebrity hairstylist Christopher Appleton said in a recent chat: "Actually, we do that. Some of those big chunky necklaces, they're cold."
The comments come over a decade after the SKIMS founder stunned her fans with the confession on X, then known as Twitter. She wrote on the social media platform: "Weird Kim fact- I blow dry all my jewelry before I put it on! I can't stand putting on cold jewelry, it gives me the chills!"
Click here to follow the Mirror US on Google News to stay up to date with all the latest news, sport and entertainment stories.
READ MORE: Kanye West shows wife Bianca Censori's 'much purer' side in 'reminder' to fans
And now a jewellery expert has waded in on the comments and insists there's more to it than just choosing against wearing a cold accessory. Ben Roberts, Managing Director of British jeweller Clogau said it's a key part of making sure you don't tarnish your favourite jewels.
‌He said: “That dreaded cold feeling when you initially put on your jewellery is not fun for anybody, but by having her team give her accessories a quick blast with the hairdryer, Kim is adding an extra layer of luxury to her routine. She can really feel like an A-lister by getting rid of those cold shocks, and making her jewels feel even more special.‌
“It’s not only the physical feeling, warming up the jewels is really an act of self-care for Kim. By adding the additional step to her routine, she’ll definitely feel more confident, and empowered to hit the red carpet.‌
Ben went on to describe how you can also add the step into your own routine, saying: "If you wanted to incorporate this step into your getting ready routine, I’d recommend sticking to metals that can handle a bit of warmth like gold or platinum, and sturdy gemstones like diamonds and sapphires.
"Ones to avoid are definitely soft metals like silver and copper, and delicate gemstones like opal or pearls that are prone to tarnishing and warping when exposed to prolonged heat.‌"
Giving his final bit of advice, Ben added: "Make sure to keep your hairdryer on the gentle setting and let your pieces cool before putting them on, as nobody wants to be scorched by their jewellery."
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.