"Malcolm X understood the assignment"
George The Poet has shared a profound message to Black America for the US Presidential elections – see what he had to say below.
The London-born African poet and artist took to social media last night (November 5) to urge Black America to vote carefully for the next President of the United States. In the videos – once addressed to Black America, and one addressed to America as a whole – George The Poet was careful to not side with any one party, but instead pointed out the flaws in both Donald Trump‘s and Kamala Harris‘ campaigns.
In his message to Black America, George raised his concerns: “Do you vote Democrat out of fear of Republicans, or change your approach to steering your government? I don’t know if you know this, Black America, but out of the whole diaspora, you might be the most influential Africans outside Africa. I don’t care what they’re saying on X, you’ve had our respect since at least Malcolm X.”
“How you plan on voting is crucial,” he continued, before highlighting the Palestine-Israel conflict under the Biden-Harris administration but also acknowledged that people are “petrified” of Trump and his plans for the country: “Either way, the war machine’s turning a profit. Either way, Wall Street’s turning a profit. You know why? Because both parties serve the same loyalties with minor differences concerning the optics”.
He said towards the end of the video: “Even if the candidate looks like you, they’ve been given an agenda to push right through… However you vote is down to you though, we just pray you do so with moral clarity.”
A post shared by George The Poet (@georgethepoet)
In a secondary post addressing all of America, George The Poet said: “The next US government’s around the corner and it feels like democracy is out of order… Now America affects us all. Every law, every war, every pound we earn. And I speak on behalf of most humanity when I say you lot are causing us profound concern.
He then spoke of Donald Trump and the Biden administration not even attempting to hide their plans to stealing oil from other nations: “You’re supposed to be hiding this information”.
A post shared by George The Poet (@georgethepoet)
George The Poet’s neutral stance echoes sentiments made by The Strokes frontman Julian Casablancas, who has refused to vote, and in September told NME that both Harris and Trump are “two sides of the same corporate coin“.
Similar remarks were made by Chappell Roan earlier this year, when she said she wasn’t going to throw her undivided support behind any one candidate in the election, due to “problems” on both sides. However, she later said that she would be voting for Harris, though that doesn’t necessarily mean she’s endorsing the Vice President.
The next President of the United States is expected to be announced later today (November 6), as government officials are currently tallying votes across the US.
Kamala Harris and Donald Trump. Credits – Brandon Bell and Anna Moneymaker.
Some of the big names who have officially endorsed Harris include Beyoncé, Billie Eilish, Bruce Springsteen, Taylor Swift, Madonna, St. Vincent, Jennifer Lopez, Charli XCX, Joni Mitchell, Lady Gaga, Cher, Lizzo, Eminem, Usher, P!nk, Leonardo DiCaprio, Bad Bunny, Bon Iver, Quavo,  Mumford & Sons, GloRilla and Finneas.
Trump’s high-profile backers include Kid Rock, Kelsey Grammer, Kanye West, and Hulk Hogan.
George The Poet – an artist, poet, rapper, and podcast host – has long been vocal about the happenings in the United States. In 2020, he spoke to NME about Black Lives Matter. See what he had to say here.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.