By 

	Kalia Richardson


50 Cent turned down former President Donald Trump‘s $3 million offer to perform at his New York Madison Square Garden rally, the rapper said during on radio show The Breakfast Club on Tuesday.

	The “In Da Club” rapper told the radio show hosts he received the offer to perform at the Sunday rally in the form of a call. “I’m afraid of politics, you understand,” 50 Cent said, emphasizing his disinterest in political involvement. “It’s because when you do get involved in it, no matter how you feel, someone passionately disagrees with you.”

	50 Cent continued, saying he avoids topics of religion and politics and later alluded to Ye, formerly known as Kanye West, who has begun appealing more to an international crowd. Ye’s U.S. fanbase weakened following a slew of other controversial stances: his MAGA support, his statement in 2018 that “slavery was a choice,” his barrage of antisemitic comments in 2022, among others.

	“That’s the formula for the confusion that sent Kanye to Japan,” he said. “He said something about both of those things and now he can only go to Japan. I don’t want to get in that.”

	










Breakfast Club host DJ Envy also asked 50 Cent if he was invited to perform his hit “Many Men” at the Republican National Convention in July, which 50 Cent confirmed. 

	Reps for 50 Cent and Trump’s campaign did not immediately respond to Rolling Stone‘s requests for comment.

	During Trump’s Madison Square Garden rally, surprise guests including Tucker Carlson, Hulk Hogan, and Dr. Phil took the stage. Comedian Tony Hinchcliffe drew backlash after he referred to Puerto Rico as a “floating island of garbage.” Following the remarks, superstars Bad Bunny, Jennifer Lopez, and Ricky Martin each shared Harris’ agenda to rebuild Puerto Rico via social media.





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	









	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	








	During the nearly 45-minute podcast episode, 50 Cent also delved into his Las Vegas residency, which will take place during the week of New Year’s Eve at PH Live at Planet Hollywood Resort & Casino. When guest host Loren Lorosa asked 50 Cent if he handpicks specific songs based on the Las Vegas crowd, he said that he plays what he wants, when he wants.

	“I give myself an overall format for a show and the theme is the dream, a dream.” 50 Cent said. “So the sequence doesn’t necessarily have to all make sense but they have to tie together to make an experience.”
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.