Kylie Jenner is seemingly looking more and more like Bianca Censori by the day.
The Kardashians star has been slammed for copying Bianca - her sister Kim Kardashian’s ex-husband Kanye West’s new wife - numerous times in recent weeks and her fans have criticised her for lack of originality.
In her latest Kylie Cosmetics makeup advertisement, the 26-year-old billionaire shed her signature glam and opted for a more stripped-back look. In the promo, Kylie wears a nude bra with bleached eyebrows, wearing her long brunette locks slicked back into a bun.
Fans have pointed out the uncanny resemblance between her and 29-year-old Bianca, who sported a very similar aesthetic months before the mum-of-two - and it is not the first time she has been accused of stealing the former Yeezy architect’s look.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Kylie Jenner shuts down rumours she's pregnant with Timothee Chalamet's child in new clip
Over on Reddit, one fan wrote: “Copying Bianca again, who recently bleached her brows,” while another added: “Girl that is NOT Kylie Jenner.”
Sadly for Kylie, her look did not go down well in general, with one fan joking: “Kylie’s MUA needs to blend her blush better,” and another adding: “It’s not even a healthy look.”
Earlier this month, eagle-eyed fans pointed out the resemblance between Kylie and Bianca in a shot the reality star posted on Instagram. Posing against a stunning beach sunset backdrop, Kylie - who is currently dating Timothée Chalamet - had her hair slicked back in a tight bun, opting for glowy makeup while showing off her figure in a metallic dress.
On Reddit, fans claimed they did not recognise the star, comparing her new look to Bianca’s. One wrote: “Kylie obviously wishes she looks like Bianca,” and another added: “She looks more like Bianca than Kylie that’s for sure.” A third chimed in: “She looks more Bianca than Bianca herself does lol.”
Last week, Kylie was forced to shut down pregnancy rumours by sharing a video on social media which showed her flat stomach. She and Timothée were at the centre of speculation when theories that they were expecting their first child together started spreading online. The couple also sparked rumours that they had split last month after Kylie attended the Vanity Fair Oscars afterparty alone.
Follow Mirror Celebs on Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.