Kris Jenner was left in tears as she spoke to her family about a terrifying health concern in the latest episode of The Kardashians.
During a family getaway to Aspen, the 68-year-old opened up about her concerning health update over dinner. Surrounded by her daughters Kim Kardashian, Khloe Kardashian, Kendall Jenner and her boyfriend Corey Gamble, Kris braced herself to share the distressing information.
In a preview for next week's episode, an emotional Kris announced: "I wanted to tell you guys something," before revealing: "I had my scan and this just makes me really emotional, but they found something."
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Watch the moment Taylor Swift makes heartbreaking admission about Kanye West in resurfaced clip
Tears welled up as Kris dabbed at her eyes with a tissue, while a visibly stunned Khloe and a distraught Corey, who was seen cradling his head, listened intently. Viewers were left hanging, however, with the details of Kris' diagnosis to be unveiled in next week's show.
This season has already seen Kris candidly discuss other health concerns. She confided in Khloe about fearing that she's losing her hearing, expressing worries over persistent ringing in her ears.
Kris described the noise as "very monotone" and "consistent", and speaking in a confessional, she expressed her anxiety: "It doesn't stop. What does that mean?
"Is it always gonna be there? Is there a solution? Is there a cure? I mean, there's all these unanswered questions. Does it get louder? Do you lose your hearing?"
While Kris Jenner confided in her daughter about her struggles, she didn't receive the sympathetic ear she was looking for. Khloe candidly admitted to the cameras: "I absolutely love my mom, but I feel like every other day, every other week, I'm getting a text or a phone call of her just complaining about another ailment that's on the rise."
New episodes of The Kardashians S5 stream weekly on Disney+
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.