By AMY LAMARE FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  21:02, 25 March 2024   |  Updated:  21:12, 25 March 2024   
 569
View  comments
Kim Kardashian appears to be channeling ex-husband Kanye West's wife Bianca Censori's X-rated looks.
In a new snap she posted on Instagram, the SKIMS mogul shows off her ample assets as she goes braless in a fur coat and black tights.
Amid her split from NFL player Odell Beckham, Jr. the Keeping Up With the Kardashians alum is showing him exactly what he's missing.
In fact, Kim's outfit would make Bianca proud.
And the mom of four got cheeky with the post's caption simply leaving a sunglasses-wearing smiley face emoji – indicating she knew exactly who the pic would remind people of. 
In a new snap she posted on Instagram, the SKIMS mogul shows off her ample assets as she goes braless in a fur coat and black tights
Kim Kardashian is doing her best to channel ex-husband Kanye West's wife Bianca Censori's X-rated looks
Recently Kanye West called his wife's X-rated fashion displays 'performance art'
Fans did not disappoint as the comments poured in comparing her scantily clad look to the Australian architect. 
The very first comment on the post was: 'Bianca is this you?'
The next comment offered: 'Who is cosplaying who?? I’m lost at this point.'
Many of the comments continued in the same vein with comparisons between The Kardashians star and Bianca.
Finally, one fan pointed out: 'pls y’all bianca is a kim k knock off.'
The new snap comes as the reality TV star split from her boyfriend Odell after six months of pretty secretive dating.
And if the mom of four is trying to show the world what he (and Kanye, and Pete Davidson) could have had – well, she's doing an excellent job at that. 
The TV personality and the football player, 31, were first linked romantically last spring and went official with their relationship in September 2023.
But the couple have not been seen together since March 10 when they made a joint appearance at the Vanity Fair Oscars viewing party in Los Angeles.
Kim started dating the NFL player last September
Kim and Odell attended the Vanity Fair Oscars party together
Amid rumors of her split from NFL player Odell Beckham, Jr. The Keeping Up With the Kardashians alum is showing him exactly what he's missing
At the time, People reported: 'There wasn’t a ton of PDA, like some of the other couples, but there was a lot of touching, and they were right near each other the entire time. 
'They were careful about not being too all over each other, but there was lots of chemistry, and they left together.'
The breakup comes after Life & Style reported that Kim was keen to have a fifth child with the athlete.
The insider revealed that Kim 'has plenty of frozen eggs so it’s really just a matter of talking Odell into this plan, even if that means making it worth his while financially!'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group