By VALERIA GARCIA FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  19:57, 21 August 2024   |  Updated:  20:04, 21 August 2024   
 32
View  comments
Lily-Rose Depp made heads turn on Tuesday evening.
The Idol star, 25 — who recently went out shopping in a mini-dress — was spotted enjoying a night out for dinner with rapper girlfriend 070 Shake.
They were leaving the exclusive members-only club San Vicente Bungalows in Los Angeles.
She modeled a skimpy pair of booty shorts and a tan crop top that flaunted her slender frame. 
Her blonde locks were let loose and cascaded over her shoulders as she accessorized with dainty earrings and a silver ring.
The daughter of Johnny Depp teamed her look with white flats and a designer purse. 
Lily-Rose Depp was spotted enjoying a night out for dinner with rapper girlfriend 070 Shake at the exclusive San Vicente Bungalows in Los Angeles on Tuesday
070 Shake, born Danielle Balbuena, 27, kept it low key in a patterned sweater and baggy pants while appearing to be in good spirits.
The Skin and Bones singer paired the look with chunky platform sneakers as she carried a fuzzy white purse. 
She let her curly locks loose and went makeup free for the casual outing with her lady love. 
The pair first began dating in January of 2023 and went public with their relationship on an Instagram post just four months later in May. 
Lily-Rose shared a photo of them kissing, writing, '4 months w my crush.'
And on the couple's first anniversary this January, the Voyagers actress shared a sweet photo of herself and the Escapism singer.
'My Dani my forever,' she penned over a photo of the two of them in an embrace. 
Her rapper girlfriend is of Dominican descent and was a shooting guard on her New jersey high school's basketball team before exploring her musical talents.
In 2018 she kicked off her rapping career releasing her debut EP, Glitter.
She modeled a skimpy pair of booty shorts and a tan crop top that flaunted her slender frame
Since, the hitmaker has gone on to release two studio albums including Modus Vivendi (2020) and You Can't Kill Me (2022)
Balbuena has gone on to open for Kid Cudi, Coldplay and The 1975.
She signed to Kanye West's record label GOOD Music in 2016 after catching the attention of the label's president, Pusha T, during a Yeezy fitting.
The pair first began dating in January of 2023 and went public with their relationship on an Instagram post just four months later in May; Danielle and Lily-Rose seen in 2024
Lily-Rose shared a photo of them kissing, writing, '4 months w my crush'; seen in 2023
Lily-Rose was born to Johnny Depp and actress Vanessa Paradis in May 1999.
She used her platform to land roles on hit shows and kickstart a singing career.
She has since starred on Tusk (2014), Savage (2018), The King (2019) and Nosferatu (2024).
While starring on The Idol (2023) alongside Starboy hitmaker, The Weeknd, the star sung on the HBO drama's soundtrack while acting as an aspiring popstar.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group