West is headed to China for another show this weekend. 

													By
												

	Michael Saponara


	Ye — formerly known as Kanye West — jogged fans’ memory when he ran through hit after hit from his decorated discography during his show with Ty Dolla $ign in Seoul, South Korea, earlier in September.






	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Kanye West		
					






















	
		
					Tyler, the Creator		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	Ye posted a highlight from the concert on Instagram Monday (Sept. 9), which saw him performing “On Sight” and Tyler, the Creator hopped into the comments section wondering why the 24-time Grammy winner wasn’t rapping the lyrics to his Yeezus opener.





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	







	“N—a u was right there just say the words,” Tyler wrote. The comment has nearly 100,000 likes, and fans echoed the “Earfquake” rapper’s sentiments.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	Ye’s Vultures collaborator added a goat emoji into the comments, while Chicago rapper Joey Purp chimed in, “This my 5 am alarm.”

	Yeezy and Ty Dolla $ign have performed a handful of Vultures listening parties over the months, but that typically involves no rapping and gives fans a chance to hear the music rather than a conventional concert. 

	West gave fans a taste of what a tour could look like when rapping along to some of his anthems at the Seoul show, which consisted of a 70-track set spanning his entire Hall of Fame discography.

	Ye will have a chance to build on the Korea performance with his next show slated for Haikou, China, on Sept. 15 at the Haikou Wuyuan River Sports Park. He’ll be without Ty Dolla $ign, so Ye will have to do the heavy-lifting at the concert.

	The Chicago native — who faced widespread criticism and lost deals after repeatedly doubling down on his antisemitic hate speech in 2022 — hasn’t embarked on a traditional tour since 2016’s Saint Pablo Tour, which was cut short following West’s hospitalization due to extreme exhaustion and dehydration in November 2016.

Vultures 2 arrived on Aug. 3 after multiple delays, and debuted at No. 2 on the Billboard 200 with 107,000 total album units sold in the first week.

	Watch the “On Sight” clip below.
A post shared by Ye (@ye)
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.