e-Edition
Get the latest news delivered daily!
Get the latest news delivered daily!
e-Edition

			Trending:		
To kick off the 10th anniversary of the global hip-hop festival Rolling Loud, organizers unveiled a special show featuring Kanye West and Ty Dolla Sign on Thursday, March 14 at Hollywood Park in Inglewood, billed as the official live debut as ¥$ for their new collaboration record “Vultures 1” to be performed in full.
And in good ol’ Kanye West fashion, where all bets are off, fans witnessed the duo on stage for a full hour with little to no singing or rapping as pre-recorded music filled the grounds. This approach left many guests confused, irritated, or guessing what would happen next, as they had anticipated a full-fledged festival performance as promised by promoters.
And that’s what attendees experienced: a listening party where the artists themselves were observed listening instead of performing.
This terrain isn’t new for Ye, who’s known for hosting countless listening events since the release of “Life Of Pablo” in 2016, spanning arenas and stadiums throughout the globe. Most recently, he concluded a series of “Vultures 1” listening parties held in San Francisco, Phoenix, and Paris over the past month. Yet, it wasn’t what fans expected, nor was it explicitly billed as a traditional listening party.
The setup, crafted on a custom stage in the middle of the SoFi Stadium parking lot, stood adjacent to the festival’s Ethika Main Stage. It featured a circular platform illuminated by lighting rigs and fog machines billowing in every direction.
Already half an hour late, the duo wasted no time trotting around the stage wearing black jackets and ski masks, devoid of microphones to rap or belt out a chorus as the music played through the speakers. In return, the audience was treated to an oversupply of special guests, each taking turns jumping up on stage for their respective features on “Vultures 1,” the first installment in a trilogy of album releases that claimed the No. 1 spot on the Billboard charts for two weeks, giving West his 11th No. 1 appearance.
Freddie Gibbs, Quavo, Rich The Kid and YG all made apperances, but  the real star among the featured guests was West’s 10-year-old daughter North West, who elicited screams from the crowd as she took the stage. North, who refers to herself as Miss Westie in “Talking,” unquestionably stole the show. She coolly strode stage accompanied by four of her closest friends. The preteen girls were hand in hand, jumping around center stage, singing the lyrics and thoroughly enjoying themselves. At the same time, her father watched closely off to the side as the ski mask came off for just a few minutes, undoubtedly experiencing a moment of pure paternal pride.
To keep the party going, West replayed the track with North’s feature just so North’s squad of friends could jump around even more, and no one in the audience seemed to mind as everyone sang the chorus again.
Shortly after the duo left the stage, there were a few moments of casual waiting, leaving fans to wonder if an encore was imminent or if the show had concluded. Just as people were on the verge of calling it quits, the lights came back on, signaling the start of an unseen DJ’s set. For about half an hour, classic West hits like “All of the Lights,” “Runaway,” and “Father Stretch My Hands Pt. 1” filled the air. Despite the music playing, fans struggled to see much beyond the dry ice machine enveloping the stage, as they  hoped to catch a glimpse of any potential West return.
For the night, that’s as good as it was going to get.
Rolling Loud will kick off its three-day festivities on Friday, March 15, with headliner Nicki Minaj and performances by YG & Tyga, Rae Sremmurd, Sexxy Red, Partynextdoor, Luh Tyler, Chow Lee, Lil Tecca, and more.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group