Hollywood Life


Latest Hollywood Celebrity & Entertainment News
NewsExpand Menu
EntertainmentExpand Menu
BeautyExpand Menu
FashionExpand Menu
ShoppingExpand Menu
TrendingExpand Menu
Celebrity BiosExpand Menu

				The 'Flashing Lights' rapper took to Instagram on January 2 to share revealing photos of his new leading lady in nothing but a crop top and a tiny string bikini bottom.			

See Pics

Kanye West, 46, kicked off 2024 with a series of new sexy photos of his wife, Bianca Censori, shared via Instagram on January 2. In the first photo that the rapper, who was previously married to Kim Kardashian, shared, Bianca rocked a fur bandeau top that revealed major underboob. Bianca completed the head-turning ensemble with a black micro panty and fishnet stockings.
A post shared by Ye (@kanyewest)
In the snapshot, the brunette beauty finalized her look with black high-heel pumps and what appeared to be a black headscarf. “No pants this year,” Kanye captioned the first photo. Additionally, there were piles of fur coats and accessories scattered on the floor around Bianca. The Yeezy designer immediately followed the post up with another photo of his wife in a revealing outfit.
For the second snapshot, Ye allowed the image to speak for itself with no caption. Bianca sizzled in a black micro bikini top, a black leather corset, and a black trench coat. She completed the number with knee-high boots and styled her tresses slick back. The 46-year-old included himself in the mirror selfie and rocked a monochromatic black ensemble with a leather jacket and boots.
A post shared by Ye (@kanyewest)
Kanye featured a third photo of Bianca in the same outfit in a separate post. The Australian architect posed inside of a lavish marble shower and appeared to be looking down at the floor in the photo. “Dropped sumn [sic]?” Ye jokingly captioned the post, seemingly referring to Bianca’s gaze. In this post, the rapper’s new muse rocked her barely-there bikini top and nearly suffered a wardrobe malfunction.
After the father-of-four shared the revealing photos of Bianca, many of his 18.4 million followers took to the comments to react. “What the h*** kanye,” one fan quipped, while another added, “Dawg I definitely thought this was yk [sic] who.” Others noted that they initially thought the woman was Kim. “So Kim sooo [sic] thts [sic] not Kim?” a third fan penned, while a fourth joked, “Why does Bianca look more like Kim K than Kim K herself????”
Kanye and Bianca were first linked to each other in January 2023, but were actually married in 2022, per US Weekly. Before Bianca, Ye was famously married to The Kardashians star from 2014 until their divorce was finalized in November 2022. Recently, the Grammy winner was spotted at Disneyland in California alongside his new wife and his daughter, North West, 10, on December 14. Kanye is also the father to Saint, 8, Chicago, 5, and Psalm, 4, with Kim.
Follow Us:
About Us
Legal
News
Connect