Manage your account
Kanye West has broken his silence after it was claimed that Taylor Swift had him “kicked out” of the Super Bowl.
Both were in attendance at the high profile sporting event on Sunday at the Allegiant Stadium in Paradise, Nevada, as Swift’s boyfriend Travis Kelce and his team, the Kansas City Chiefs, triumphed against the San Francisco 49ers.
Former NFL player Brandon Marshall has since claimed on his Paper Route podcast that West, 46, bought seats “right in front” of 34-year-old popstar Swift’s suite at the game.
He then alleged that a “p****d off” Swift made “a call or two”, after which the Gold Digger hit-maker, who was there wife his wife Bianca Censori, was “kicked out of the stadium”.
A representative for West - who officially changed his name to “Ye” in 2021 - told Forbes: “This is a completely fabricated rumour. It is not true.”
The Standard has contacted a representative for Taylor Swift for additional comment.
Bad blood between the two artists has been well-documented, beginning after West famously interrupted Swift’s acceptance speech at the 2009 VMAs to suggest Beyoncé should have won the gong instead.
While they had seemingly buried the hatchet by the mid-2010s, things soured again after West referenced Swift on his 2016 single Famous, which featured the lyrics: “For all my Southside n***as that know me best, I feel like me and Taylor might still have sex. Why? I made that bitch famous.”
He, along with then-wife Kim Kardashian, were caught in a war of words with Swift over whether she had approved the lyric before the song was released.
Swift insisted that she had not, issuing a statement saying she would “like to be excluded from this narrative”.
West, who is no stranger to controversy, recently stirred the pot once again when he gave yet another mention of Swift on track Carnival, which features on his latest album Vultures 1 that he released with Ty Dolla $ign.
“I made six Taylor Swift since I had the Rollie on the wrist,” West raps.
Other celebrities who are namedropped on the track include Elon Musk, R. Kelly, Bill Cosby and Puff Daddy.