Which Chicago rapper do you feel should've made Common's final four?

							By 

	Preezy Brown

Hip-Hop Reporter

Common has revealed his picks for the artists that he would put on his personal Mount Rushmore of Chicago rappers, as the Windy City legend paid respect to some of the most lauded emcees from his hometown. 

	Appearing on Chicago’s 107.5 WGCI station alongside The Auditorium Vol. 1 collaborator Pete Rock on Monday (July 22), Common was asked of the four names he would include on his city’s musical monument. The question provoked a few expected responses from Common, as well as some names that were a bit surprising to the hosts themselves.

	










	“Well, Kanye is going on there, for sure,” Common said of his longtime friend, who he worked with extensively on his acclaimed 2005 album Be. 

	He then gave the next nod to Lupe Fiasco, a lyricist he worked with on the song “Remission,” which featured Jennifer Hudson and was released in conjuntcion with the Stand Up 2 Cancer intiative. 
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Ye's Former Manager Free Maiden Shoots Down Extortion Accusations		
			







	For the third slot on the list, Common contemplated adding one of his earliest peers in Twista, but ultimately decided to pass on the veteran in favor of some fresher names he feels have defined Chicago Hip-Hop over the past decade.  

	“I’ma put Durk up there because Durk is doing what he do,” the Grammy Award winner said of the self-proclaimed Neighborhood Hero, before giving the fourth and final slot to Chance The Rapper.

	“I’m excluding myself because I would be up there, but I might have to go with Chance [The Rapper] at that point,” he answered. 

	Other Chicago artists he made mention of included Chief Keef, G Herbo and Lil Reese, however, the 52-year-old ultimately stuck to his guns, presenting a Mount Rushmore revolving around the locales most fruitful periods, in terms of commercial appeal and popularity.

	See Common’s interview with 107.5 WGCI below.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.