Grammy-winning saxophonist Casey Benjamin has died aged 45.
The musician was a two-time Grammy winner who collaborated with famous artists including Beyonce, Kendrick Lamar, John Legend and Lady Gaga.
His management confirmed his death with the Huffington Post, however a cause of death was not given.
Growing up in South Jamaica, Queens, Benjamin was eight years old when he began playing the saxophone, according to Rolling Stone.
He was eventually introduced to future collaborator Glasper while attending the New School for Jazz and Contemporary Music.
A member of the Robert Glasper Experiment, Benjamin won a Grammy award for best R&B album with the band for their 2012 album Black Radio.
In 2015, they won a Grammy again for their cover of the Stevie Wonder track Jesus Children of America.
He was also one half of the funk pop new wave duo HEAVy with vocalist Nicky Guiland.
The performer was also a member of Stefon Harris’s band Blackout.
Over his career Benjamin also worked with Nas, Kanye West, Busa rhymes, Wyclef Jean and Mary J. Blige. 
After hearing the news of Benjamin’s death Derrick Hodge, a bassist for The Robert Glasper Experiment, paid tribute on Instagram.
‘Tonight, I honor a brother. A true brother and friend. Casey Benjamin, thank you for inspiring me, for being a light in my life, and for your unbelievable influence on the music world. I will carry your smile with me, brother. And we will collectively honor and carry your legacy with us’ he wrote.
‘Can’t get my words together at this moment but will echo a few of my last words to you: I’m thankful for you and love you always! Rest well, King.’
Lupe Fiasco posted to his Instagram: ‘Rest In Peace Casey Benjamin.
‘I can’t even begin to express the deep gratitude and respect. My deepest condolences to the family, fans and friends.’
Got a story?
If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.
Arrow
MORE: An Officer and a Gentleman star Louis Gossett Jr dies aged 87
Arrow
MORE: Knives Out and Blade Runner actor M Emmet Walsh dies aged 88