Alabama Barker has entered the chat.
The 18-year-old daughter of exes Travis Barker and Shanna Moakler posted a cryptic message after her mom claimed her dad once planned to have sex with his now-sister-in-law Kim Kardashian.
“Once you stop relying on other individuals your life will become so much better,” Alabama posted to her Instagram Stories Friday.
“Disappointment in others won’t exist.”
Alabama’s post comes a day after Moakler, 48, spilled the tea on the “Dumb Blonde” podcast about text messages she allegedly saw between the Blink-182 drummer, also 48, and the Skims founder, 43.
“They were trying to meet up at her sister’s house to f–k,” she claimed of the messages’ content, referencing Travis’ now-wife, Kourtney Kardashian.
“I wanted this relationship to work. I was so in love with him,” Moakler shared, adding that after she showed Travis the messages, he promptly “deleted” them.
“[He] said, ‘I don’t see anything.’”
The former pageant queen said she called Kim to confront her about the texts.
“She just said to me, ‘I don’t like white guys,’” Moakler claimed.
“I was like, ‘You’ll f–k anyone to be famous,'” she said, adding that she and the musician “never really recovered from that.”
“I felt stupid,” she shared.
Both Travis and Kim previously denied rumors that they had a fling. 
Additionally, Moakler claimed on the podcast that her ex was a “womanizer” during their four-year marriage.
She also hinted that her relationship with her two youngest children, Landon, 20, and Alabama, has wavered since their dad, Travis, began dating Kourtney, 44.
For more Page Six you love…
“’Go do what you guys need to do, and when you’re ready, I will be here loving you unconditionally,’” she said, speaking directly to her kids. “’And I will be here as your mother, and I will wait.’ And that’s what I did.”
Moakler said her children became “enamored” by the lifestyle of the Kardashian family.
“They’re buying them Prada, and they’re buying them gifts, and they’re going to these events, and they’re meeting Kanye [West], and, you know, all this big stuff,” she said.
“I can’t give them that. I don’t have that. I don’t have access to that. I don’t have the money to do that. I can’t buy you guys Prada every other week and stuff. I don’t. I can’t do it. My house isn’t a mansion like Travis’. I don’t have a movie theater. I don’t have golf carts for you kids to drive.”
Moakler and Travis tied the knot in October 2004. Two years later, the former Miss New York USA winner filed for divorce.
After a brief reconciliation, the couple finalized their divorce in February 2008. 
Moakler is also mom to daughter Atiana, 24, whom she shares with ex Oscar De La Hoya.
Meanwhile, Travis and Kourtney, 44, tied the knot in May 2022. They welcomed their first child together, a son named Rocky, on Nov. 1, 2023.
Advertisement