She’s shaking off the haters.
Taylor Swift called out people who “talk s–t” before performing Kim Kardashian diss “thanK you aIMee” during her Eras Tour stop in London Saturday.
“I was thinking about getting to play Wembley Stadium. That’s not remotely normal [and] it is so insane for you to [have] done that for me … and for my crew because we get to play Wembley Stadium eight times this summer,” she told the sold-out crowd in the venue, according to a clip shared on X.
“You clearly thought this was a good idea [and] you wanted this to happen. Blows me away. I’ll spend forever trying to thank you for that,” the pop star, 34, added.
“On the other hand, it really makes me think about how every time someone talks s–t, it just makes me work even harder and it makes me even tougher. So, it also makes me incredibly thankful for those people.”
After Swift concluded her speech, the song — which was released on her most recent album, “The Tortured Poets Department” — began playing. 
In “thanK you aIMee,” the billionaire musician sings about a “bronze, spray-tanned” bully her mom “wish[es] were dead.”
“All that time you were throwin’ punches, I was buildin’ somethin’,” she sang. “And I can’t forgive the way you made me feel / Screamed, ‘F–k you, Aimee,’ to the night sky, as the blood was gushin’ / But I can’t forget the way you made me heal.”
Fans also noticed that the capital letters in the title of the song spell out “KIM.”
Swift and Kardashian’s longtime feud began in 2016 when the reality star’s then-husband, Kanye West, rapped that he “might still have sex” with the singer and that he “made that bitch famous” on his song “Famous.”
After the “Bad Blood” singer took issue with the lyrics, the Skims co-founder, 43, stepped into the scandal, claiming that the “Donda” rapper, 47, had followed “proper protocol” to get “approval” from Swift prior to releasing the song.
Kardashian then publicly released clips from West’s phone call with Swift via Snapchat, with the “Shake It Off” singer calling the “sex” line a “compliment.”
In December 2023, the “Cruel Summer” songstress reignited the feud when she was profiled as Time magazine’s “Person of the Year.”
“That took me down psychologically to a place I’ve never been before,” she recalled. “I moved to a foreign country. I didn’t leave a rental house for a year. I was afraid to get on phone calls.
“I pushed away most people in my life because I didn’t trust anyone anymore. I went down really, really hard,” Swift continued, comparing it to a “career death.”
While Kardashian has not publicly responded to Swift’s shady song, she reportedly wants the Grammy winner to “move on” and put their beef to rest.
Several stars attended Swift’s London shows, including Tom Cruise, Greta Gerwig, Mila Kunis, Prince William and her boyfriend, Travis Kelce.
Advertisement