Kim Kardashian had an awkward run-in with ex-husband Kanye West, but a body language expert says she had fully prepared for their crossover.
The pair were spotted in a rare public interaction at their son Saint's basketball recently. Despite their brief meeting after the game, they opted to sit far away from each other throughout the match. And it's such actions that body language expert Judi James believes shows the wounds are still raw between the pair following their split in 2021.
The Kardashians star, 42, couldn't avoid the Bound 2 and Heartless hitmaker as she went to collect the pair's eight-year-old. Judi believes, however, that she fully prepared for their meeting, and such was shown in her outfit and appearance.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US .
READ MORE: Kris Jenner slammed for 'using filter' in advert for Kim Kardashian's Skkn make-up
Speaking to the Mirror, Judi said: "The physical distance created between Kim and Kanye here suggests that, although they’re prepared to play nicely for the sake of their children, there are still enough raw wounds for them to prefer not to sit chatting together yet.
"Kim did seem to be sizing her ex up with a quizzical stare but she had also dressed for the occasion, with a pair of huge shades masking her eye expression to hide her true feelings. The drama of Kim’s outfit suggested she’d prepared hard for the meeting though. Not only was she wearing the huge, oversized shades but her coat and her trousers were equally over-large too."
Judi continued: "Her attention-seeking sheepskin coat was so long it dragged on the ground with around a six inch overlap as she walked. This impractical choice must have been sweeping up dirt from the ground as she walked, although the impression the overhang of fabric made was rather like a royal arriving wearing a long cape or train, suggesting a desire to imply high status."
Their meeting followed a brief meet between Kanye and Kim's sister Khloe Kardashian last week. Khloe was seen hugging are former brother-in-law. It was said the relaxed appearance shown by Kim's younger sister Khloe may have made it easier for Kim to be seen in public with her ex.
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.