Our great state has brought forth many legends when it comes to bands and artists. These twenty-five famous musicians and bands are from Illinois.
History Of Music In Illinois
I understand that New York City and Los Angeles get all the attention when it comes to music. In reality, there is outstanding music throughout the world, especially in the United States.
When it comes to musicians and bands I would put Illinois up against anywhere else. There is a deep history of very talented players in the Land of Lincoln. Not just in Chicago but the whole state.
Plus, they cover many different styles and types of tunes. From the Blues to Heavy Metal to Hip Hop to Techno to Punk to Pop and much much more.
Musicians And Bands From Illinois
Let's play a little game. How many of these did you know were from Illinois? Do not cheat.
Gallery Credit: Getty Images and YouTube
It is time to check out some music from Illinois. I challenge you to check out all of the different groups.
Video: Cheap Trick - Surrender (Live from Budokan!)
Video: Richard Marx - Right Here Waiting (Official Music Video)
Video: Head East: Never Been Any Reason (Live)
Video: Chance The Rapper - The Heart & The Tongue (2021) | [Official Music Video]
Video: Survivor - Eye Of The Tiger (Official HD Video)
Video: Alison Krauss & Union Station - The Lucky One
Video: The Smashing Pumpkins - Today (Official Music Video)
Video: Kanye West - Come to Life (Official Video)
Video: REO Speedwagon - Can't Fight This Feeling (Official HD Video)
Video: Plain White T's - Hey There Delilah (Official Video)
Video: Styx - Come Sail Away (Official Video)
Video: Common - The Light (Official Music Video)
Video: Disturbed - The Sound Of Silence [Official Music Video]
Video: Buddy Guy - Hoochie Coochie Man Super Cut
Video: Chicago - You're The Inspiration (Official Music Video)
Video: Wilco - Outtasite (Outta Mind)
Video: Fall Out Boy - Sugar, We're Goin Down
Video: Jennifer Hudson - Here I Am (Singing My Way Home) (Official Music Video)
Video: Freddy Jones Band "In A Daydream" Live on NBCSC
Video: Tom Morello - Highway To Hell (ft. Bruce Springsteen & Eddie Vedder) [Official Audio]
Video: Urge Overkill - Girl, You'll Be a Woman Soon
Video: Muddy Waters - Mannish Boy (Audio)
Video: Burl Ives - Frosty The Snowman
Video: The Buckinghams - Hey Baby (They're Playing Our Song)
Video: The Staple Singers - I'll Take You There (Official Lyric Video)