AllHipHop
AllHipHop
The rapper/author teases the forthcoming music presentation.

Since 1998, AllHipHop.com has pioneered delivering Hip-Hop news. Get our daily email for exclusive, breaking news, and weekly digests, all curated for the true Hip-Hop enthusiast. Stay connected and informed with the heartbeat of Hip-Hop culture. Subscribe now!

Since 1998, AllHipHop.com has pioneered delivering Hip-Hop news. Get our daily email for exclusive, breaking news, and weekly digests, all curated for the true Hip-Hop enthusiast. Stay connected and informed with the heartbeat of Hip-Hop culture. Subscribe now!
Jeezy will be the next Hip-Hop act to show up on NPR Music’s Tiny Desk Concerts series. The I Might Forgive… But I Don’t Forget album creator recorded a set for the show.
On Wednesday (February 7), Jeezy announced his Tiny Desk appearance with a social media post. That tweet by the Atlanta-bred recording artist collected more than 4,000 likes. 
“Let me take y’all on a journey… #tinydesk,” the CTE New World label founder wrote on X. He included several still photos of his performance from the Washington, DC-based location.
2023 saw several rap stars perform on Tiny Desk Concerts. Ab-Soul, Trina, Juvenile, Action Bronson and Scarface hit the stage for NPR Music throughout the year. R&B legend Usher took part in one of the most viral Tiny Desks of all time in 2022.
Let me take y’all on a journey… #tinydesk pic.twitter.com/XJFffreGm1
Jeezy entered the Tiny Desk space after dropping I Might Forgive… But I Don’t Forget in November 2023. The 29-track, feature-less double LP had production by Ricky Polo, J.U.S.T.I.C.E. League, ATL Jacob, Hendrix, Cubeatz and more.
Previously, Jeezy released the Billboard 200 chart-topping albums The Inspiration (2006), The Recession (2008) and Trap Or Die 3 (2016). His discography contains hit singles such as “Soul Survivor” featuring Akon, “Go Crazy” featuring Jay-Z, “Put On” featuring Kanye West, and “Love in This Club” with Usher.
Festivalgoers in South Florida will also have the chance to see Jeezy perform live at the Jazz In The Gardens Music Festival in March. The Adversity for Sale author joins a lineup that also includes Scarface, Maxwell, Babyface and others.
Copyright © 2025 AllHipHop.com LLC 2025-Infinity