Internet personality and model Mikaela Lafuente has gone online and dragged the artist formerly known as Kanye West for allegedly directly messaging her “inappropriate messages” on Instagram. Lafuente accused Ye, who is married to Bianca Censori, of shooting his shot at her. Lafuente told Daily Mail about the incident that occurred earlier this year in March, expressing her disappointment along with screenshots of the chats that Ye sent her.
She claimed that his unsolicited advances to hang out went ignored since “cheating is unacceptable.”
Lafuente criticized the “Watch the Throne” rapper for inviting her to listen to his album. The model and influencer pointed out that Ye is 47, while she’s only 22– less than half his age. The invitation was especially surprising to Lafuente because she said she had never interacted with him before the Instagram direct messages and didn’t even listen to his music.
The screenshots shared by Lafuente were time-stamped around the time that Ye, formerly Kanye West, returned to the States from a European trip with his wife, Censori. Lafuente is currently in a relationship with TikTok star Bryce Hall. 
She told the outlet, “It was funny. Bryce and I were in Vegas and I was going through my Instagram DMs, and I saw this. At first, I didn’t believe it and thought it was a fake account, but it wasn’t. The message was pretty odd as I had never spoken to him or seen him in person before.”
She continued, “I don’t think it’s acceptable to be messaging other women when you’re married. It’s not acceptable, and it’s something I’d stand behind forever.”
The model firmly stated that Ye’s behavior is wrong. “I’ve grown up with all my family being with their partners forever, and this is what I want for my relationship. Monogamy is what is accepted, and cheating is unacceptable,” Lafuente affirmed.
She speculated that Ye could have been messaging other girls the same way, and she wondered if Censori would have been okay with it.
According to the model, she rejected Ye’s offer to hang out, and the rapper quickly deleted all the messages he sent her.
Despite her annoyance about the whole thing, Lafuente’s current boyfriend found the DMs from Ye funny, posting the “Jesus Walks” rapper’s messages to the model on X and even making jokes about it.
She said, “He just found it funny and was laughing about it. He doesn’t get jealous a lot and likes situations where people stare at me.”
Lafuente’s admissions about Ye reaching out to her come not long after the rapper found himself in hot water with Yeezy. As previously reported, a group of former Yeezy employees sued him for allegedly “promoting a toxic work environment and not paying wages.”
Like Ye’s Australian bae, Lafuente is also foreign-born. The 22-year-old model and influencer was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina.

									Screams & Symbolism: Black Horror Scholars Break Down The Cultural Chills of 'Sinners'								

									Terrence Howard Bashed For Rejecting Marvin Gaye Biopic Over Gay Kiss Scene								

									Beyoncé’s ‘Cowboy Carter’ Tour Sparks Meme Madness With Rodeo Runway Looks & Family Vibes								

									Salt-N-Pepa Push It Real Good To The Hall Of Fame: Hip-Hop Icons Honored For Trailblazing Legacy								

									Cassie Claims Diddy’s Pressing For Her Memoir And Money Statements								

									Torrei Hart Enters the Chat: New Podcast Launches on Urban One Network								

									No Scrubs, Just Stars: TLC’s 'CrazySexyCool' Musical Is Headed To Broadway								

									Tyra Banks Thinks Taylor Swift Should Replace Whitney Houston In 'The Bodyguard' Remake — And The Internet Is Pissed								
We've joined the BHM Digital family of websites and have updated our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
					By continuing to use this site, you agree to our updated Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
MadameNoire is a sophisticated lifestyle publication that gives African-American women the latest in fashion trends,
					black entertainment news, parenting tips and beauty secrets that are specifically for black women. Black women
					seek information on a wide variety of topics including African-American hair care, health issues, relationship
					advice and career trends - and MadameNoire provides all of that.

An Urban One Brand 

MadameNoire ® Copyright © 2025 BossipMadameNoire, LLC All Rights Reserved  | BHM Digital