Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
His dad was a star between the posts and now the son of a very famous Newcastle United star is an in demand DJ who delivered a star turn on the decks at the city's most famous celebrity hotspot this week.
Right in the heart of Newcastle city centre, Tup Tup Palace is a place that has welcomed plenty of famous faces over the last two decades; from Girls Aloud to 50 Cent and Mo Farah to Kanye West and, as many people headed out to dance off their festive calories and don some of the new clothes they'd had for Christmas, the St Nicholas' Street haunt was the place to be in town on Boxing Day.
And on a night when United  fans were celebrating another December win for the Magpies, after their 3-0 defeat of Aston Villa just up the road at St James' Park, Shayne Given was right amongst the festivities at recently revamped club Tup Tup, as he played a set in the early hours to a packed club. If you haven't guessed from his second name, or with a first name very similar to his dad's, Shayne is the son of legendary United stopper Shay Given, widely regarded as the club's greatest keeper, thanks to his decade as number 1 following a bargain £1.5m move from Blackburn Rovers.
On his 19th birthday last year, Shayne was with his dad to see Newcastle lose to Dortmund in the Champions League, having also been by his side in Milan and this year has played all over the world, and big events like the Rock n Roll Circus on home turf, as well as in Marbella, where his dad actually joined him in the DJ booth to watch him do his thing.
ChronicleLive is now on WhatsApp and we want you to join our communities.
We have a number of communities to join, so you can choose which one you want to be part of and we'll send you the latest news direct to your phone. You could even join them all!
To join you need to have WhatsApp on your device. All you need to do is choose which community you want to join, click on the link and press 'join community'.
No one will be able to see who is signed up and no one can send messages except the ChronicleLive team.
We also treat our community members to special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners.
If you don't like our community, you can check out any time you like. To leave our community click on the name at the top of your screen and choose 'exit group'.
If you’re curious, you can read our privacy notice.
Join the ChronicleLive Breaking News and Top Stories community
Join our Court & Crime community
Join the Things to do in Newcastle and the North East community
Join our Northumberland community
Join our County Durham community
Join our Sunderland community
Join our NUFC community 
Join our SAFC community
Join our Great North Run community