Kourtney Kardashian has hit back at accusations she's had "plenty" of plastic surgery, with one expert suggesting she has in fact decided to embrace "natural ageing".
The 44-year-old Lemme founder has previously admitted to getting breast implants when she was 22, but said she regretted having them done. Skincare expert Amish Patel believes that's possibly the only cosmetic work Kourtney has had done.
Speaking exclusively to The Mirror, he said: "I don't believe Kourtney has had anything done, and if she has had any dermal filler work, it has been very subtle and natural." Amish suggested Kourtney has focused on creating a "good skincare regime".
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Bianca Censori wears 'sex toy' and screensaver shows her love of Kanye West's £672k teeth
He added: "Over the years, her face shows a degree of natural ageing with volume loss to the areas I would expect to see, but her skin looks great, so she clearly looks after her skin with a good skincare regime and healthy lifestyle. She has aged beautifully and naturally without any apparent signs of surgery either."
However, aesthetic surgeon Ramachandran Prasad disagrees and believes Kourtney has undergone some plastic surgery. He told us: "Kourtney looks as though she has had a rhinoplasty and in addition to that a possible face lift or fillers at the very least.
"The breasts definitely look augmented so she has likely had a procedure done there and there is definite evidence of liposuction and body contouring, but I can’t see any evidence of abdominoplasty scarring." Kourtney admitted to having breast implants back in 2011.
"I had my boobs done, but if I could go back, I wouldn't have done it. I was so cute before," she told Showbiz Spy. Kourtney has also hit back at trolls who accused her of having "plenty" of plastic surgery.
In the comments of one her Instagram posts, the reality star was accused of having "botox, nose job, some sort of butt shot or bbl just to start." Kourtney shot back: "No better compliment than a too good to be real kind of compliment."
In January 2022, Kourtney did reveal that she had undergone a facial procedure. Speaking in an Instagram video, she said: "I'm here doing my Le Visage Lift Contour." As a tool was pressed against her skin, she added that the process was "like lifting and contouring."
Aesthetics practitioner and skincare expert Amish Patel spoke to The Mirror on behalf of Intrigue Cosmetic Clinic. Consultant breast oncoplastic and aesthetic surgeon Mr Ramachandran Prasad spoke to us on behalf of Pall Mall Cosmetics.
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.