Featureless portraits invite us to connect with the vibe of each piece


  AN exhibition presenting a “vivid portrayal of black culture”, with a focus on hip hop, soul and jazz, has opened at Thornton’s South Square Gallery.


  Black in Colour is the debut solo exhibition by artist Alex Anaughe, whose work explores themes of racial identity, cultural heritage and the black experience in contemporary society. Blending music, cinematography and photojournalism, her artwork weaves a rich tapestry of black cultural references, offering gallery visitors an opportunity to engage with and reflect on the broader social narratives.


  Alex who lives in Thornton, is of Greek and Nigerian descent. Her work is heavily influenced by hip hop, soul, and jazz, which she translates into striking paintings in bold colours. Creating predominantly featureless portraits, she invites us to connect with the 'vibe' of each painting and the cultural origins and essence of these musical genres.


Alex presents her first solo exhibition at the Thornton gallery (Image: South Square Gallery)


  The exhibition includes paintings of hip-hop acts OutKast and Kanye West and evocative scenes from films such as Get Out and Boyz n the Hood.


The artwork draws on music, cinematography and photojournalism (Image: Alex Anaughe)


  Alex's South Square exhibition is funded by a £1,000 award from the Joan Day Painting Bursary. Established in 2006, the grant scheme was created in memory of West Yorkshire painter Joan Day, for emerging artists working in paint.


  The bursary is a vital support for many artists, providing them with resources to create and exhibit their work. It has played a significant role in South Square’s exhibition programme and in giving a platform to new artists like Alex.


  The selection panel for this year’s bursary included Nancy Steadman from Unit 9 Gallery at South Square, artist Razwan Al Huq and Patrick Whitehead, owner of Apothecary Gallery. The panel recognised Alex Anaughe's vision and the compelling way she uses paint to explore complex cultural themes.


  Housed in a Grade II listed building dating back to 1832, South Square Centre is a vibrant arts hub in Thornton village.


  Originally a cluster of 19th Century mill-workers’ cottages, it was saved from demolition in 1982 and renovated as an arts and heritage centre. Over the past 40 years, South Square - one of the region's last surviving examples of a U-shaped building with courtyard - has grown into a thriving arts centre, with regular exhibitions, classes and live music events.


  Committed to providing opportunities for emerging artists, the centre is a sustainable enterprise, featuring workshop rooms, artists’ studios, a local history archive, a fine art framer and a vegetarian cafe, Plenty at the Square. At its heart lies a celebrated art programme attracting and nurturing talent from across the region.


  Black in Colour, running at South Square Gallery until October 27, marks a significant milestone in Alex’s career and underscores the centre’s role in fostering a vibrant, diverse artistic community.


  * Visit southsquarecentre.co.uk


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.