AllHipHop
AllHipHop
We definitely need Hit-Boy and Kid Cudi to link up again soon.

Since 1998, AllHipHop.com has pioneered delivering Hip-Hop news. Get our daily email for exclusive, breaking news, and weekly digests, all curated for the true Hip-Hop enthusiast. Stay connected and informed with the heartbeat of Hip-Hop culture. Subscribe now!

Since 1998, AllHipHop.com has pioneered delivering Hip-Hop news. Get our daily email for exclusive, breaking news, and weekly digests, all curated for the true Hip-Hop enthusiast. Stay connected and informed with the heartbeat of Hip-Hop culture. Subscribe now!
Kid Cudi has revealed how Kanye West and Hit-Boy were involved in the process of creating his fan-acclaimed album Indicud following his split from G.O.O.D. Music.
On Sunday (March) 3, Kid Cudi began interacting with fans on Twitter (X) while simultaneously taking a retrospective listen through his entire discography released throughout the past decade and a half. As he began to remark on Indicud, Kid Cudi opened up about the process of creating the LP. More specifically, he broke down the album’s fan-favorite, the Haim-assisted track “Redeye,” and it’s origins involving West and Hit-Boy.
“That synth was Hit Boy tho, it was a synth he made I heard and lost my s### over during one of Ye’s sessions back in 2010 at the Mercer, when I was workin on indicud I asked if I could use it, and my brother let me run w it,” Kid Cudi recalled in the tweet. “Hit was always a good dude. Got a funny story about when we met in my book.”
That synth was Hit Boy tho, it was a synth he made I heard and lost my s### over during one of Ye's sessions back in 2010 at the Mercer,  when I was workin on indicud I asked if I could use it, and my brother let me run w it.  Hit was always a good dude.  Got a funny story about… https://t.co/IpNNIFRnoS
In another tweet, Kid Cudi remarked on the success of the record in response to a fan expressing their thoughts that the album was “flawless” and seemingly alluded to crafting a sequel to the album in the process.
“Idk what was in my soul at the time, Idk if I was possessed by something haha but that is truly one of my greatest achievements,” he said. “First #2 record. All by myself. I am so f###in happy u dig that one. Maybe I produce another record?? Could be fun. Indicud part 2. Should I?”
Idk what was in my soul at the time, Idk if I was possessed by something haha but that is truly one of my greatest achievements.  First #2 record.  All by myself.  I am so f##### happy u dig that one.  Maybe I produce another record??  Could be fun.  Indicud part 2.  Should I? https://t.co/KxKduc2bhL
Kid Cudi went on to remark about working with Too $hort on his experimental single “Girls” in addition to running through his favorite records on the album. Prior to the release of Inducid, which peaked at No. 2 on the Billboard 200 album chart following its release in January 2013, Kid Cudi announced his departure from G.O.O.D. Music during an interview in Power 106 Los Angeles.
Copyright © 2025 AllHipHop.com LLC 2025-Infinity