By VALERIA GARCIA FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  02:01, 29 December 2024   |  Updated:  02:06, 29 December 2024   
 131
View  comments
Khloé Kardashian shared a health update on her daughter True after previously revealing the six-year-old was ill, forcing them to miss the annual Kardashian Christmas Eve party.
On Friday, the 40-year-old Good American co-founder took to her Instagram Story to report that the youngster is still sick.
She shared a snap of True sound asleep on a couch while wrapped in a blanket with their pet cat, Baby Kitty, cuddled up beside her.
Khloe revealed that True has 'never been sick this long before,' after suffering from a startling 105-degree fever.
'My poor baby,' the Los Angeles native penned above the photo. 'She's never been sick this long ever. I feel so badly for her.'
'I pray everyone stays healthy!! It's been going around.' She added, 'Baby Kitty wins the cuddle award.'
Khloé Kardashian shared a health update on her daughter True after previously revealing the six-year-old was ill, forcing them to miss the annual Kardashian Christmas Eve party; seen in August 
On Friday, the 40-year-old Good American co-founder took to her Instagram Story to report that the youngster is still sick. She shared a snap of True sound asleep on a couch while wrapped in a blanket with their pet cat, Baby Kitty, cuddled up beside her 
On Saturday, the brunette vixen took to her Instagram Story to write a note thanking God for keeping her 'little family safe, healthy and happy' amid the holidays.
Khloé revealed that both True and her two-year-old son Tatum were so ill during Christmas that it felt 'really scary.'
'Tatum was sick the entire weekend, now my TuTu is sick,' she wrote on Instagram just hours before her family's Christmas Eve party on Tuesday.
'For the first time in a long, long time, we will miss Christmas Eve. I feel so terrible for my sick littles. No fun, but I pray we are fine for Santa tomorrow!!!' 
And on Thursday she shared another update saying that True was starting to 'feel better.'
She shared via Instagram: 'Tatum was super sick the weekend before. He was great for Christmas Eve and all that. 
'True has had a 105 fever. It was really scary. It was horrible. Now she's just starting to feel better.'
Unfortunately, now it seems that True is still feeling under the weather as the holiday season wraps, though the mother-of-two has not confirmed her children's diagnoses.  
On Saturday, the brunette vixen took to her Instagram Story to write a note thanking God for keeping her 'little family safe, healthy and happy'
Khloé revealed that both True and her two-year-old son Tatum were so ill during Christmas that it felt 'really scary'; seen December 2024
'Tatum was sick the entire weekend, now my TuTu is sick,' she wrote on Instagram just hours before the event on Tuesday
On Tuesday, the Kar-Jenner family hosted their annual Christmas Eve family get-together, opting for a low-key gathering this year. The first bash was first organized by Kris Jenner in 1987.
The cheerful celebration was held at Kendall Jenner's $8.5 million Beverly Hills mansion that she elaborately adorned with family heirlooms for the holidays.
Kim Kardashian recently revealed that this year’s Christmas Eve party wouldbe a more 'low-key' affair compared to previous years.
And the ex-wife of Kanye West explained that the gathering would be a little more 'intimate' this year, due to 'construction' work going on.
Speaking to Vogue, she shared: 'Just because we have a lot of construction going on, so we're doing a really family intimate one that I'm really excited about.'
The beauty mogul — who has North, 11, Saint, nine, Chicago, six, and five-year-old Psalm with ex Kanye West — says the iconic parties are so legendary that even their children's friends wish they could attend. She has vowed to keep the festive family tradition going.
She added: 'They're just beginning. Our kids love them and now all their friends want to come. It's such a fun tradition.'
Only once was the celebration cancelled — due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Last year's celebration was held at Kim's home and featured a star-studded guest list that included family friend Paris Hilton among other A-lister's.
Khloe informed fans on Tuesday that her kids were so sick that they had to skip their family's annual Christmas Eve party, which was held at her sister Kendall Jenner's Beverly Hills home 
While she's provided fans with frequent updates, Khloe has yet to reveal her children's diagnoses
Khloé shares both of her children with her former serial-cheater partner Tristan Thompson, who she dated from summer of 2016 until they were done for good in late 2021.
Despite their ups and downs, the exes have managed to remain committed co-parents to their two children. 
The mother-of-two previously revealed that she has no intentions of getting back together with the Cavaliers star saying she's 'not attracted' to him. 
Just days ago, the 33-year-old NBA star took to his Instagram page to share rare snaps of his children in a carousel of photos. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group