By SAM JOSEPH SEMON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  06:44, 22 May 2024   |  Updated:  06:52, 22 May 2024   
 36
View  comments
Kim Kardashian shared several photos from her son Psalm's lavish 5th birthday party on her Instagram account on Tuesday.
The 43-year-old reality television mainstay threw a Ghostbusters-themed party for her youngest son, who appeared to be thoroughly enjoying his time at the event in the snaps.
The entrepreneur kept it casual while wearing a white t-shirt and jet-black leather pants to her son's event.
Kardashian's dyed platinum blonde hair remained free-flowing and fell onto her back and shoulders at the party.
Psalm was also seen while posing for a photo with his grandmother, Kris Jenner, who wore a Balenciaga athletic top, leggings and high-top Nike sneakers.
Kim Kardashian shared several photos from her son Psalm's lavish 5th birthday party on her Instagram account on Tuesday
The 43-year-old reality television mainstay threw a Ghostbusters-themed party for her youngest son, who appeared to be thoroughly enjoying his time at the event in the snaps
Psalm was seen while posing next to a full-size cutout of himself dressed up in a Ghostbusters costume during the event.
Kardashian also included a photo of her son's birthday cake, which had a decorative Slimer paced at its top.
The Skims founder's youngest child was seen while enjoying what appeared to be custom-made Ecto-Cooler during his party.
The social media powerhouse also posed for a photo with her youngest daughter Chicago, six, at the event.
The entrepreneur shares Psalm and Chicago, as well as her older children North, 10, and Saint, eight, with her former husband, Kanye West.
Kardashian started a family with the 46-year-old rapper in June of 2013, when they welcomed their eldest child.
The couple tied the knot in 2014, and they went on to welcome their three youngest children in 2015, 2018 and 2019, respectively.
The two went on to separate in 2021, and their divorce was finalized the following year.
Psalm was also seen while posing for a photo with his grandmother, Kris Jenner, who wore a Balenciaga athletic top, leggings and high-top Nike sneakers
Kardashian also included a photo of her son's birthday cake, which had a decorative Slimer paced at its top
The Skims founder's youngest child was seen while enjoying what appeared to be custom-made Ecto-Cooler during his party.
The social media powerhouse also posed for a photo with her youngest daughter Chicago, six, at the event
Kardashian discussed motherhood during an episode of the On Purpose with Jay Shetty podcast, and she admitted that she often had a difficult time while raising her children.
She stated: 'There are nights I cry myself to sleep. Like, holy s***, this f***ing tornado in my house. Like, what just happened?'
The reality television personality also stated that she often had to mediate disputes between her kids. 
'With all the moods and the personalities and sometimes they're fighting, and you know, there's no one there. Like, it's [just] me to play good police officer and bad cop,' she said.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group