Radio Schuman
This is Radio Schuman, your new go-to podcast to spice up your weekday mornings with relevant news, insights, and behind-the-scenes from Brussels and beyond.
Brussels, My Love?
From the economy to the climate and the EU's role in world affairs, this talk show sheds light on European affairs and the issues that impact on our daily lives as Europeans. Tune in to understand the ins and outs of European politics. 
No Comment
No agenda, no argument, no bias, No Comment. Get the story without commentary.
My Wildest Prediction
Dare to imagine the future with business and tech visionaries
The Big Question
Deep dive conversations with business leaders
Euronews Tech Talks
Euronews Tech Talks goes beyond discussions to explore the impact of new technologies on our lives. With explanations, engaging Q&As, and lively conversations, the podcast provides valuable insights into the intersection of technology and society.
Water Matters
Europe's water is under increasing pressure. Pollution, droughts, floods are taking their toll on our drinking water, lakes, rivers and coastlines. Join us on a journey around Europe to see why protecting ecosystems matters, how our wastewater can be better managed, and to discover some of the best water solutions.   Video reports, an animated explainer series and live debate - find out why Water Matters, from Euronews.
Climate Now
We give you the latest climate facts from the world’s leading source, analyse the trends and explain how our planet is changing. We meet the experts on the front line of climate change who explore new strategies to mitigate and adapt.
Radio Schuman
This is Radio Schuman, your new go-to podcast to spice up your weekday mornings with relevant news, insights, and behind-the-scenes from Brussels and beyond.
Brussels, My Love?
From the economy to the climate and the EU's role in world affairs, this talk show sheds light on European affairs and the issues that impact on our daily lives as Europeans. Tune in to understand the ins and outs of European politics. 
No Comment
No agenda, no argument, no bias, No Comment. Get the story without commentary.
My Wildest Prediction
Dare to imagine the future with business and tech visionaries
The Big Question
Deep dive conversations with business leaders
Euronews Tech Talks
Euronews Tech Talks goes beyond discussions to explore the impact of new technologies on our lives. With explanations, engaging Q&As, and lively conversations, the podcast provides valuable insights into the intersection of technology and society.
Water Matters
Europe's water is under increasing pressure. Pollution, droughts, floods are taking their toll on our drinking water, lakes, rivers and coastlines. Join us on a journey around Europe to see why protecting ecosystems matters, how our wastewater can be better managed, and to discover some of the best water solutions.   Video reports, an animated explainer series and live debate - find out why Water Matters, from Euronews.
Climate Now
We give you the latest climate facts from the world’s leading source, analyse the trends and explain how our planet is changing. We meet the experts on the front line of climate change who explore new strategies to mitigate and adapt.
US citizens have been casting their vote in the Presidential election – and celebrities are among them.  
Many voted early and several have been sharing photos of themselves voting on social media, encouraging fans to vote with their “I Voted” stickers.  
From Katy Perry to Mark Ruffalo via Lady Gaga, Zoe Saldana and Queen Latifah, many high-profile celebs have made their voices heard in this crucial election.  
Even though celebrities have by in large thrown their support behind Kamala Harris, several including Kanye ‘Ye’ West, Kelsey Grammer, Mel Gibson and Jon Voight have endorsed Trump. However, it’s plain to see that there were fewer “Hollywood Republicans” encouraging voters on Election Day.  
But how much sway do celebrities have when it comes to the 2024 Presidential election? 
According to a recent YouGov survey, many Americans think celebrities are better off staying out of politics – with Republicans especially likely to think so. 
About one in ten Americans (11%) say that a celebrity has ever caused them to reconsider their stance on a political issue, and even fewer (7%) say they ever supported a political candidate because of a celebrity endorsing them.  
When celebrities engage in political discussions, the most likely outcome is a negative perception of the celebrity: 51% say a celebrity's political position has led them to think less of a celebrity. 
Regardless, check out some of the celebrity reactions on Election Day: 
Julia Roberts
A post shared by Julia Roberts (@juliaroberts)
Roberts, who recently voiced an ad campaign for Kamala Harris – which angered Trump – posted on Election Day, saying: “There is a time to Pray and there is a time to VOTE.”
Lynda Carter
A post shared by Lynda Carter (@reallyndacarter)
The original Wonder Woman urged her fans to “Vote for reproductive freedom!”
Bill and Hillary Clinton
A post shared by Hillary Clinton (@hillaryclinton)
Former president Bill Clinton and former presidential candidate Hillary Clinton voted for Kamala Harris and Tim Walz. Hillary wrote: “It felt amazing.”
Mark Ruffalo
A post shared by Mark Ruffalo (@markruffalo)
Mark Ruffalo posted a number that voters can text if they need to find a polling place.
Lady Gaga 
A post shared by Lady Gaga (@ladygaga)
“I voted! Let’s do this!”
Reese Witherspoon 
A post shared by Reese Witherspoon (@reesewitherspoon)
“Top of my mind, as I considered all candidates, is protecting women’s rights to medical privacy and reproductive choice.”
Pink 
A post shared by P!NK (@pink)
The pop star stated: “Vote for democracy, vote for love and vote for respect. Vote for your family, your loved ones and your community. Freedom of the press, reproductive freedom, the right to vote, the right to read books. The right to go to school and get an education separate from religion. Vote for the future. Vote for decency. All of these reasons and more are why I voted for Kamala Harris and Tim Walz.”
Eva Longoria  
A post shared by Eva Longoria Baston (@evalongoria)
The actress posted several helpful tips for voters, including “If the machines are down at your polling place, request a paper ballot.”
Sharon Stone  
A post shared by Sharon Stone (@sharonstone)
The iconic actress, wearing a ‘Madam President’ t-shirt, wrote: “Oh yes oh yes oh yes she can!!”
Courtney B. Vance & Angela Bassett 
A post shared by Courtney B Vance (@courtneybvance)
“Get out and vote like your life depends on it – BECAUSE IT DOES!”
Katy Perry 
“This is Kamala Harris. She’s gonna be... well... We’re the only ones who can finish this sentence – VOTE!”
Natasha Rothwell
A post shared by Natasha Rothwell (@natasharothwell)
Actress and writer Natasha Rothwell kept it simple...
Alec Baldwin  
A post shared by Alec Baldwin (@alecbaldwininsta)
"Make America Unafraid Again. Reasonable again. Kind Again. Admired again." 
Zoe Saldana  
A post shared by Zoe Saldaña (@zoesaldana)
“Made a selfie shoot outta of it, but this mom of 3, feminist, cat lover, daughter of immigrants VOTED for Kamala Harris and Tim Walz."
Olivia Rodrigo 
The singer-songwriter posted on her Instagram stories with a “I Voted” sticker on her forehead.  
Anne Hathaway 
“I voted like half the country’s lives depended on it. I voted for Kamala Harris.”
Jack White 
A post shared by Jack White (@officialjackwhite)
The singer, former White Stripes member and vocal Trump basher said: “Do I want to see the electoral college abolished like any sane person does? Yes. But let's still get to that voting booth and protect our democracy and exercise your right to ADD YOUR VOICE TO THE CHOICE!” 
Jon Bon Jovi  
A post shared by Jon Bon Jovi (@jonbonjovi)
Rocker Jon Bon Jovi went for: “Every vote matters."
Queen Latifah  
Une publication partagée par Queen Latifah (@queenlatifah)
“On one hand, we have HIM, a felon, a comfortable liar, an impeached president, a misogynist, and a non-leader who doesn’t care about anyone, but the top 1%...which excludes over 300M Americans. And on the other hand, we have HER, Kamala Harris, a proven leader, a knowledgeable, lifelong civil servant for the people, and a compassionate human being with the strength to lead and navigate our complex government who puts the needs of all Americans first….a candidate with a detailed plan to take us forward.” 
Fiona Apple 
A post shared by Zelda Hallman (@zeldahallman)
“Still time to vote. Some states allow you to register and vote on the same day. It really is important.” 
Wayne Coyne 
A post shared by Wayne Coyne (@waynecoyne5)
The Flaming Lips frontman posted and said: “Please Please Please go out and vote !! And remember there a lots of other things on the ballet that you have a say in!!”
Elsewhere, Beyoncé, who was recently criticised by Donald Trump, posted a new video posted early Election Day in which she channels Pamela Anderson in the TV show Baywatch and in Barb Wire, and asks viewers to vote. 
In the two-and-a-half-minute clip, set to most of ‘Bodyguard’, a four-minute cut from her 2024 country album 'Cowboy Carter', Beyoncé cosplays as Anderson's character before concluding with a simple message: “Happy Beylloween,” followed by “Vote.” 
Follow our live coverage of the elections on Euronews here. 
Additional sources • YouGov
Browse today's tags