Kanye West and Bianca Censori are certainly no strangers to outrageous outfits, but her latest look could be the most daring yet.
The controversial rapper, 46, took to Instagram to share a number of revealing snaps of his wife, 28. In one image, the former architect wore just a revealing g-string thong hiked up on her hips. She paired it with a pink, fluffy tube top made of fur which left little to the imagination as it barely covered her nipples.
In another shot, Bianca is seen looking solemn as Ye snaps her pic while she's in another black outfit that hardly covered her chest. She paired the revealing outfit with black knee-high boots and a leather trench coat. The third - and so far final - image had Bianca donning the same outfit, minus her coat as she gazed down to the floor.
According to a body language expert, the extreme images have Ye showing off his "power" in the relationship.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US .
READ MORE: Reason behind Kanye West and Bianca Censori's marriage woes revealed as solution unveiled
Judi James told Mirror: "While Kanye was trailing his beautiful new bride through the streets of Florence clad only in a flesh-coloured body suit and a cushion or a cuddly toy clamped to her chest, the hope was that this publicity stunt was some kind of shared joke between the couple and that once indoors they would be climbing into comfy onesies and chuckling together over a pot of tea. But these new photos seem to try to suggest that what goes on inside their hotel room is even more extreme than those scenes in the streets.
"Kanye might be showing us his wife looking blankly unhappy as she stands encased in a random-looking set of strips of fabric and fur but it’s his own body language that creates the real impact here."
She continued: "He has presented himself in a passive role: a bulkily-dressed, lurking figure in the doorway showing no signals of appreciation of, attraction to or even affection for the woman posing in front of him. The camera phone is held up casually in one hand so that his presence lacks involvement with hers.
"She is dressed in perhaps the most daring 'outfits' to date but he is shown looking unmoved, uninvolved and distant here. She looks vulnerable with at least one facial expression suggesting uncertainty or nervousness as her eyes dart to the side but he just looks into the screen like one of his fans filming him onstage at a live concert might do. As a celebrity 'power' couple, Kanye seems to be signalling via the body language in these poses that all the power is his."
Many fans also shared their discontent on the rapper's multiple posts. Taking to the comments section, one fan slammed: "Ye, bro, you wildin man of God. Remember the mission you was on in 2019? Let's get back to that," while another fumed: "Wait, didn’t Kanye call Kim out for dressing too provocatively?"
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.