A WOMAN has been slammed online after she claimed her dad is building her a mansion to live in.
Vivienne, who lives in London, took to TikTok to show off the huge pad, which is still in the early stages of construction in Cambodia.
"I'm going back home once the mansion is done," she explained in the caption of the viral video.
"I deserve to be a nepo baby, not working hard to pay rent in somebody else's country."
According to Vivienne, it's always been her dad's dream to build a palace for her and it's the reason her standards are so high for everything else in her life.
The house is currently being built in Cambodia, and it looks more like a palace than just any old mansion.
With huge pillars, a swooping double staircase and gorgeous balconies - it's clear her dad only wants the best of the best for his daughter.
The video currently has over five million views and almost four thousand comments from people stunned by the huge home.
Vivienne said she didn't expect her video to get as much attention as it did and her only aim was to show off her generous her dad is.
And despite her bougie lifestyle, Vivienne insisted she's "not rich" but she is happy people "see her that way."
Before moving to London at 19, Vivienne said she used to live in a posh villa, but confessed she doesn't have many pictures of it because it wasn't that impressive to her at the time.
"When you're privileged you don't really realise you're privileged," she said.
Even now, she admitted she's shocked when people call her rich because she's so used to the finer things in life.
After sharing her story on social media people praised her dad for building to mega mansion for her.
"My dad won't even lend me a fiver," one person joked in the comments.
Another said: "You and your mother won! You've inspired me to raise my standards."
"This is absolutely insane, it's going to be gorgeous," another TikTok user chimed in.
Meanwhile, someone else wrote: "Instead of being negative I'll just say I'm genuinely happy for you.
"Your dad seems fantastic and I wish your family even more blessings."
And others were left feeling envious of her home, one said: "Can your dad adopt me please?"
NEPO babies - children of celebrities or influential individuals who benefit from their parents' fame and connections - often have a leg up in their careers. Here are some of the wealthiest nepo babies:
Blue Ivy Carter
Brooklyn Beckham
Kaia Gerber
Jaden Smith
Lila Moss
Lourdes Leon
North West
These individuals exemplify how familial connections can provide significant advantages in building wealth and achieving success.
©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO)
Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click this link: thesun.co.uk/editorial-complaints/