The NFL star and Taylor Swift beau appears in the horror series in a guest role
Ryan Murphy has admitted that he doesn’t want to “piss off the Swifties” with the forthcoming Travis Kelce sex scene in Grotesquerie.
The seventh episode of the horror show aired on FX in the United States on Wednesday (October 16), with three more instalments to come before the end of the month. For UK viewers, the series is streaming on Disney+.
The show stars Niecy Nash-Betts (Monster: The Jeffrey Dahmer Story, Selma) as Detective Lois Tryon, who has to work alongside Micaela Diamond’s Sister Megan to investigate a series of crimes in their community.
Lesley Manville and Courtney B. Vance co-star, as does NFL star and Taylor Swift beau Travis Kelce in a guest role.
Kelce recently discussed his appearance on the show on his podcast, saying that he got “sucked into” the “mystery thriller”, adding that he “cannot wait to see everybody’s reaction” to it.
Teasing a forthcoming love scene between Nash-Betts and Kelce, Murphy has now told Variety: “Niecy and Travis had the most amazing relationship on set, because he was wonderful and a little nervous, and she instantly was like, ‘We got you. You’re good. Come here’.
“So she sat with him between takes, and they’re such good friends, and remain good friends. And they do have sort of – I don’t want to say anything to piss off the Swifties. I have to be careful!”
In recent months, Swift’s fanbase have taken aim at Zach Bryan after he said he preferred Kanye West over the singer.
Donald Trump also felt their ire after he shared that he “hates” her after Swift broke her silence on the upcoming US elections, following the first debate between Kamala Harris and Trump, which saw her backing the former.
Star Wars legend Mark Hamill and Flavor Flav were among those who voiced their support for Swift amid Trump’s comments. The former posted an update reading “#ILoveTaylorSwift”, while the latter also said he “loved” the singer, and called himself “King Swiftie”.
A$AP Rocky also received a backlash after he used her name in a video for a recent song entitled ‘Taylor Swif’.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.