Following the Paris Olympics, Snoop Dogg is basically America's Sweetheart. With that in mind, his story about meeting Paul McCartney for the first time only makes you love Tha Doggfather even more.Snoop and Dr. Dre recently sat down with Complex when the Sir Paul meeting came up. As Snoop explains, he "did a little concert for somebody in Hollywood." (He didn't clarify who, but it's safe to assume someone paid him for some sort of private show.) Anyway, McCartney was at this show. Snoop was hanging out backstage afterward smoking a blunt, because he's Snoop. Someone then tells him, "Sir Paul would like to meet you."Snoop then puts out his blunt, but McCartney tells him, "Don't put that down!" (Never forget that in 1980, McCartney was busted at Narita International Airport in Tokyo for having half a pound of weed in his luggage. Considering Japan's anti-drug laws, McCartney is lucky he didn't serve years behind bars, but apparently, Sir Paul said in a 2004 interview, "We were about to fly to Japan and I knew I wouldn’t be able to get anything to smoke over there. his stuff was too good to flush down the toilet, so I thought I’d take it with me." The lesson? Good weed is worth the risk! Also, being a music icon has its perks.)Anyway, the former Beatle then gave Snoop a hug, and he recalls to Complex, "This is Paul McCartney, he knows who I am. that's the experience I love is when the people you respect, respect you."When asked if he would ever collaborate with McCartney if given the opportunity, Snoop said, "F--- yeah, in a heartbeat."Hey...the D.O. Double G and Macca on a track together doesn't sound unreasonable. Back in 2015, McCartney did "FourFiveSeconds" with Rihanna and Kanye West, before Ye went off the deep end. Anything is possible! After all, McCartney has a long history of duets and other collaborations. Obviously, there's "Ebony and Ivory" with Stevie Wonder. In 2012, he famously joined forces with the surviving members of Nirvana -- Dave Grohl, Krist Novoselic and Pat Smear -- on "Cut Me Some Slack" for the documentary Sound City. McCartney even showed up on "Bite My Head Off" from The Rolling Stones' 2023 album Hackney Diamonds.However, his collaborations with Michael Jackson are pop perfection, particularly "Say Say Say," which still absolutely slaps to this day. If you doubt that, feel free to revisit the track below!
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!