By
			
			Madeline Lylo		

The Vanderpump Rules cast has little to no shame. This makes them entertaining and dramatic, but also very, very cringy. Remember when Lala Kent went to an acting coach who had her and Scheana Shay make orgasm noises? Or when Kristen Doute collected her mail from Tom Sandoval in that iconic low-cut green dress? Or all the times James Kennedy unironically referred to himself as the white Kanye West? 
This cast is constantly giving viewers secondhand embarrassment. Ahead of Season 11, we’re looking back at some of the cringiest moments on Vanderpump Rules so far. 
Jax Taylor began dating Laura Leigh as a rebound from Stassi Schroeder. As a result, Stassi and Laura Leigh got into an unforgettable fight at a SUR staff meeting. Laura Leigh passionately defended Jax at the time. Her reward? Jax dumped the recovering addict after one of her meetings. 
After such a heartless and cringe worthy moment, Laura Leigh vowed to come to SUR every day during his shifts and call him out. This plan was cut short when she got an acting job and left the reality show. But her cringiest moments stay with VPR fans all these years later. 
Throughout the series, Scheana’s attempts to make everything look perfect actually result in the cringiest moments. Her first wedding was a total disaster. Scheana, in major bridezilla mode, raged against her wedding planner the whole time. She screamed “I’m not feeling zen anymore!” while waiting in a closet. Then she made the ceremony start over because the timing wasn’t perfect. At the reception, she almost had a meltdown about the dollar dance. And the next day, she made her friends handle the clean up. 
In hindsight, these were probably omens that the marriage wasn’t meant to be. While fans are critical about her second husband Brock, there’s no doubt she was much more relaxed at their wedding. 
As if Scheana wasn’t cringy enough, this was the same event where Tom Schwartz gave Katie Maloney the infamous ring on a string. 
Katie and Schwartz’s engagement party was Kristen and Stassi’s official reintroduction to the friend group. In one of the best VPR fashion moments, both ladies were amongst the best-dressed guests. However, as usual, Kristen chose chaos. This time, with an overlong and rambling speech/toast. Who could really blame Lala for yelling at her to “wrap it up.” 
VPR viewers were cringing at Sandoval’s music pursuits long before his cover band days. One of his classic narcissistic traits is that he thinks he’s much more talented than he actually is. This particular moment was too painful for our eyes and our ears. 
Once her marriage was over, Scheana got back together with her ex Rob Valletta, who she claimed was actually the love of her life. It’s hard to pick just one moment of Scheana’s Robsession as the cringiest part of VPR Season 6. Was it when she claimed he set up a TV in seven minutes (“I timed him”)? When she revealed she’d already named their first child (“Madison Marie Park Valletta”)? 
What made it worse was that Rob completely ignored Scheana and seemed actively annoyed by her. He even told Jax, on camera, that Scheana’s “I love yous” made him uncomfortable because he didn’t feel the same. When people tried to get through to Scheana, it resulted in some of the show’s cringiest moments. Every viewer could relate to Kristen’s confused expression as Scheana spiraled further into denial. 
After years of hearing about him, Stassi’s boyfriend Patrick finally appeared on the show. And he quickly became one of the cringiest cast members. When he met Lisa Vanderpump, he made a crude comment about her butt. All Stassi could do was sputter in response. As Lisa pointed out, it was wild to see the always outspoken Stassi act so meek. Even Stassi’s biggest haters, like Tom Sandoval, could see she deserved better. 
A post shared by Bravo (@bravotv)
Scheana might be the cringiest cast member, but she’s also done some cringing of her own. Audiences never related to Scheana more than when she discovered Lala’s nighttime routine. Truly, one of the most surprising reveals was that Lala drinks out of a baby bottle that she calls her “baba.” Scheana’s stunned expression said it all. 
Remember Adam Spot, the SUR barback? Because Scheana never learns, she replaced Rob with Adam as the object of her obsession. All season long, she unconvincingly claimed Adam was her best friend. 
And, cringiest of all, she bought him a penguin. Soon afterwards, the situationship imploded in the Season 7 finale. Scheana asked him if he loved her, and wouldn’t take his “no” as an answer. She didn’t even get to tell him about the penguin. And after all that, Adam ghosted her.
A post shared by Bravo By Betches (@bravobybetches)
Season 10’s cringiest moments almost exclusively belonged to Rachel Leviss and her affair partner. In the first—and basically only—scene of them as a couple, Rachel and Sandoval weren’t selling anyone on their love story. From their insistence they couldn’t kiss on camera to him calling her Ariana, it was painfully awkward to watch. Maybe that’s why Rachel refused to film anymore for the post-Scandoval episode. 
TELL US – WHICH OF THESE MOMENTS MADE YOU CRINGE THE MOST? 
Madeline has been writing professionally since 2015, and began putting her expertise and obsession with reality tv to good use in 2020. She writes a lot about Bravo shows, with Vanderpump Rules being her favorite (she will boast about disliking Sandoval since season 1). She firmly believes that Potomac is the best Real Housewives franchise. Outside of Bravo, she adores Love Island more than an author bio could possibly express, and will argue with anyone that season 3 of Love Island UK is one of the greatest seasons in the history of television.
Share article