Kim Kardashian has reportedly ended her relationship with NFL star Odell Beckham Jr after dating for six months.
The 43-year-old reality TV star, who is currently embroiled in a row over her Princess Kate 'joke', and the 31-year-old Baltimore Ravens player started seeing each other in September.
The pair were last spotted together at the Vanity Fair party after the Oscars in Beverly Hills on March 11.
They didn't show up at the event as a couple, but people who saw them said they couldn't stay away from each other.
A report from People magazine said: "There wasn't a ton of PDA like some of the other couples, but there was a lot of touching, and they were right near each other the entire time. They were careful about not being too all over each other, but there was lots of chemistry, and they left together."
  READ MORE:    Kim Kardashian fans 'demand an apology' after star mocked Princess Kate  
But now, it looks like Kim and Odell have decided to go their separate ways.
An insider told the Daily Mail that they are: "Not seeing each other anymore right now," which has made fans curious if they're done for good.
No one knows why they broke up yet, but before they split there were talks that Kim might have been thinking about having another baby, her fifth, with the football player, reports the Mirror US.
Odell Cornelious Beckham Jr. , also known as OBJ, has a son named Zydn Beckham with his ex-girlfriend Lauren Wood.
Kim, on the other hand, has four kids, North, Saint, Chicago and Psalm, with her former husband Kanye West.
Don't miss:Kim Kardashian clowned on by fans over ‘ridiculous’ outfit giving off 'school vibes'
Earlier this week, fans thought Kim and OBJ were still together when she posted a selfie on Instagram with the caption 'miss u. ' Many people thought she was talking about OBJ, who is currently a free agent after leaving the Baltimore Ravens.
Before dating OBJ, Kim was single. She broke up with comedian and actor Pete Davidson in August 2022 after being together for nine months.
Kim's most famous romance was with her ex-husband Kanye, whom she shares four kids with. The pair got hitched in 2014 and split in 2021 when Kim filed for divorce.
The couple's divorce was finalized in November 2022, with Ye then remarrying to Bianca Censori weeks later.
We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy
It's been a bad week for Kim, who is being slammed on Instagram as fans demand the reality star apologise to the Princess of Wales.
The row is over a post she uploaded a week ago that saw her posing next to her SUV captioned: “On my way to go find Kate.”
While the mocking joke was posted days before the royal revealed she has been battling cancer, fans are furious that The Kardashian star hasn’t taken down the snaps, changed the caption or apologised.
Enraged followers flocked to her comment sections demanding she “take this down” and branding the SKIMS mogul a “snake” and “disrespectful”.
SEARCH
CONNECT WITH US
TODAY'S PAPER
 See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive.
EXPRESS.CO.UK
Daily Express uses notifications to keep you updated