By JACQUELINE LINDENBERG FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  05:08, 11 August 2024   |  Updated:  08:39, 11 August 2024   
 146
View  comments
Kanye West's wife, Bianca Censori, was joined by her sisters Angelina and Alyssia as they supported the rapper during his Vultures 2 listening party with Ty Dolla $ign on Friday. 
The Australian architect, 29 - who recently donned a sheer ensemble while attending a birthday bash at the Chateau Marmont - sat near the stage with her siblings at the Delta Center in Salt Lake City, per TMZ. 
In photos obtained by the outlet, Censori could be seen sporting a fitted, nude-colored bodysuit with a deep, plunging neckline on the front. 
She wore a pair of closed-toed, nude pumps to complete the look, while her dark locks were slicked back away from her face. 
Two seats down, Bianca's sister Angelina was spotted in a tan-colored maxi skirt and bralette top, while Alyssia was seated on her left in a black outfit. 
Kanye West's wife, Bianca Censori, 29, was joined by her sisters Angelina and Alyssia as they supported the rapper during his Vultures 2 listening party with Ty Dolla $ign on Friday
Bianca Censori and her family Attends VULTURES 2 tonight. pic.twitter.com/fZ52Xq2Ky9
Another woman sat in between Censori and Angelina, although her identity is not known, according to the outlet. 
Bianca's sibling, Angelina, also jumped to her Instagram stories on Friday to give her followers a glimpse of the album release party inside the venue.
One photo was shared and showed West - also known as Ye - standing on the stage as white curtains lifted up to dramatically reveal the rapper. 
She additionally uploaded a clip that was filmed as Kanye performed his hit track, Runaway, that is found on the 2010 album titled, My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy. 
The Heartless hitmaker could be seen performing the track in an all-black ensemble as the crowd excitedly sang along. 'Runaway from me baby,' she typed out. 
It also appears that Bianca and her sisters had the chance to possibly mingle with two of West's children - North and Chicago - whom he shares with ex Kim Kardashian. 
During the event, his daughters joined him on stage as they performed the song, Bomb, according to TMZ. 
North notably was featured on the track, and rapped in fluent Japanese throughout  the song. 
The Australian architect sat near the stage with her siblings at the Delta Center in Salt Lake City, per TMZ
One clip was shared by a social media user on TikTok and showed West flashing a cheerful smile as he briefly ventured into the stands to mingle with fans
Bianca's sibling, Angelina, also jumped to her Instagram stories on Friday to give her followers a glimpse of the album release party inside the venue
One photo was shared and showed West - also known as Ye - standing on the stage as white curtains lifted up to dramatically reveal the rapper
She additionally uploaded a clip that was filmed as Kanye performed his hit track, Runaway, that is found on the 2010 album titled, My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy
Attendees were able to purchase tickets between $60 and $350 to take part in the Vultures listening party in Salt Lake City. Two other events are slated for August 23 in South Korea, and August 25 in Taiwan. 
One clip was shared by a social media user on TikTok and showed West flashing a cheerful smile as he briefly ventured into the stands to mingle with fans.  
Bianca's outing with her two sisters comes after her family expressed concern earlier this year over her X-rated outfits. 
In March, a source told DailyMail.com that her father, Leo, wanted to address her racy ensembles with his daughter and Kanye - after Bianca's mother Alexandra flew to the U.S. to 'save' her daughter over fears that she was being 'controlled' by West.
'Kanye has been invited to go to Australia and Bianca is hesitant to allow this to happen because she knows how her father will react,' the insider said at the time. 
'Her dad still plans to have a sit down with Kanye, and Leo will not be intimidated by Kanye's power or control. No one is expecting this to be all rainbows and family portraits.' 
'Bianca's father was not necessarily pleased with his wife's visit to see their daughter because he feels like she enabled Bianca to continue doing what she is doing.' 
The source added, 'Yes, Bianca dressed provocatively while her mother was there, but it was nothing in comparison to some of the outfits she has worn prior to and since the visit.' 
And back in May, her loved ones were reportedly also worried that Censori would be 'dragged' into the rapper's Yeezy porn venture. 
North notably was featured on the track, and rapped in fluent Japanese throughout the song - leaving listeners stunned
Bianca's outing with her two sisters comes after her family expressed concern earlier this year over her X-rated outfits
And back in May, her loved ones were reportedly also worried that Censori would be 'dragged' into the rapper's Yeezy porn venture; seen in February in Milan 
'Bianca's family was willing to give Kanye the benefit of the doubt after her mom's recent visit to LA,' a separate source told DailyMail.com. 
'For Bianca's sake they were willing to overlook his anti-Semitic remarks and inappropriate behavior.' 
'They were even trying to accept that he was not forcing Bianca to do anything. They were aware of Kanye and Bianca's project to create and sell their own brand of clothing.'
The insider continued, 'But with two feminist sisters and an equally feminist mother, it is hard to rationalize or accept her involvement in this new venture.'
'The fact that he is dragging her into the adult film world with him and using her as a billboard already to promote sexual indecency is absolutely appalling and very worrying.
'They feel he has convinced her that this is a good idea because it will make them wealthier.'
'Her family and friends are aware of Kanye's history with pornography which makes it even more concerning. What is it going to do to his marriage with Bianca? He is already using her as a walking billboard for indecency.'
After her family had expressed concern for their daughter, another source told DailyMail.com that the rapper wanted to 'turn things around.' 
'Kanye has started to turn things around since the release of Vultures in the sense that he is not going off on as many unhinged rants,' the insider had said.
After her family had expressed concern for their daughter, another source told DailyMail.com that the rapper wanted to 'turn things around'
'It's all just bulls**t. There was something about my dad even recently. My dad never talks. Nothing's true,' Angelina told the Herald Sun 
'He also knows how to sweet talk a mom. This has been really a good experience, and everyone is so relieved to see her with Alexandra...' 
However, in March, Bianca's sister Angelina revealed what she and her family think of West during an interview with the Herald Sun. 
'We all support him. We support his new album. We support his new clothes he's dropping,' she said at the time. 
Angelina told the outlet that all was well between the sisters, adding the Bianca was her 'best friend and confidante.' 
'It's all just bulls**t. There was something about my dad even recently. My dad never talks. Nothing's true.' 
It appears that Bianca's relationship with her siblings is on good terms after making an appearance at Kanye's album listening party together on Friday. 
Earlier this month on August 3, the pair dropped Vultures 2 - leaving fans surprised at the sudden release. Shortly before, a track from the album, Slide, also dropped
Other songs on the album referenced to fellow celebrities, such as Taylor Swift and her NFL boyfriend, Travis Kelce, in the song titled Lifestyle (Demo) - amid his ongoing feud with the songstress; seen in June in London 
Vultures 2 is a follow up to West and Ty Dolla $ign's Vultures - which dropped earlier this year in February. 
On August 3, the pair dropped Vultures 2 - leaving fans surprised at the sudden release. Shortly before, a track from the album, Slide, also dropped. 
Other songs on the album referenced to fellow celebrities, such as Taylor Swift and her NFL boyfriend, Travis Kelce, in the song titled Lifestyle (Demo) - amid his ongoing feud with the songstress. 
Lyrics in the track include, 'I twist my Taylor spliffs tight at the end like Travis Kelce.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group