Kathy Hilton has bars. 
The “Real Housewives of Beverly Hills” alum, 64, performed an original rap song dedicated to “little genius” North West — the eldest child of longtime family friend Kim Kardashian — during an exclusive interview with Page Six at her Bel Air mansion. 
“Oh, little North West / She’s the best,” Hilton chanted, while promoting her new Smirnoff Ice Smash Tea campaign, a musical extravaganza in its own right.
“This little girl / She’s a princess,” the “Paris in Love” matriarch continued. “Every time I see her / I just want to squeeze her.” 
She told us that she came up with the tune years ago. 
“I wrote a little song about her when she was little,” she said of the now-10-year-old, whom Kardashian, 43, shares ex-husband Kanye West. “And I love her. I think she is a little genius.”
Hilton’s love for North was on full display in a video clip that went viral on TikTok in December 2023, during which she serenaded the elementary school student with a sweet holiday jingle. 
For more Page Six reality TV updates …
“Merry Christmas, little Northy. We love you,” the socialite crooned to North in the clip, which daughter Paris Hilton recorded and shared later via social media. 
Kathy encouraged North to sing along, though the latter appeared a tad shy in the clip. 
“A merry, what is it? Sing, sing it. A very special what?” Kathy asked, to which North replied, “Christmas.” 
Amid the exchange, Paris, 42, giggled to herself. “Mom, you’re beyond,” the “Stars Are Blind” songstress said with a smile. “My mom has never done a TikTok, so she has no idea what she’s doing.” 
Kathy explained that just likes to have fun with North. 
“I always play games with her because she’s little. She’s the ringleader and all the kids want to follow North around. So I say to her, when I see her, ‘Oh, can I be part of the group?’ And I talk in a baby voice,” she said, recounting their playful interactions. 
“And she always kind of looks at me … and I go, ‘Can I just hang out? I just want to play with you guys. Can I?’”
Despite her repeated efforts, Kathy joked that she has yet to officially join North’s friend group. “She goes, ‘Well, our group, it’s kind of full right now,’” the actress-turned-reality TV icon told us. “She’s very polite.”
Kathy’s North-inspired songs served as a warmup to her Broadway-worthy showing in the recently launched “Smash Tea Partay: A Smirnoff Ice Musical” commercial — which Page Six heard rumblings about last week, with sources telling us fans would “flip” over the surprise spectacle that invokes the feeling of “Hamilton.” 
In the glossy promo, the former “Family Affair” star plays General Noff, an autocrat who must protect a tea empire throughout a spirited battle at sea. Saying yes to the project, Kathy said, was a no-brainer. 
“When I got the call, I was like, ‘What’s there to think about? This sounds so much fun! Why not?’” she raved. 
Kathy admitted that the grueling two-day shoot — meant to highlight the spiked beverage’s classic lemon and peach flavors — was a challenge, but wildly rewarding. 
“I have to say it was 10 hours one day and 11 the next day, and I got a little pain here in my hip,” she said. “It’s standing on your feet and moving. But I had a blast. It was so much fun. It was like working on a movie. There must’ve been, I don’t know, 110 people on the set.”
The seasoned entertainer noted that she was “very intimidated” by the scale of the production. 
“First of all, when I went into the recording studio and I was singing, that I’m OK with because I’m by myself,” she said, acknowledging that the first part of the process was easy. 
“But then I’m with these professional dancers,” she continued, emphasizing that the cast ultimately helped boost her self-esteem. “They could not have been sweeter. They were so nice with me and like, ‘That’s really good!’ So they started giving me more confidence.”
While Kathy said a full-fledged theater pivot would be a “fun” career move, she seems more focused on releasing a Christmas single — possibly with an accompanying TV component — as her next musical endeavor. 
“There was a conversation with somebody completely different and that was last night. But it’s been on and off for a year,” she teased, adding that she is a “nut” for the holiday season. 
“So, it might be fun to do a Christmas song and a Hilton holiday special.”
Advertisement