MyNewsLA.com

					Breaking news for Los Angeles, Orange and Riverside counties				
Ye’s former business management firm has dropped its lawsuit against the rapper and his footwear and apparel company in which the plaintiff sought $4.5 million from the rapper under a breach-of-contract claim alleging non-payment of fees owed.
Last April, Thomas St. John Inc. filed an amended complaint in Los Angeles Superior Court against Ye, formerly known as Kanye West, and La Palma-based Yeezy LLC. Ye and Yeezy responded later that month with a countersuit, arguing that no contractual obligation exists because the agreement containing the alleged duty is “indefinite, lacking mutual assent, illusory, unconscionable, procured by constructive fraud and procured by undue influence.”
On Tuesday, attorneys for Thomas St. John filed a request for dismissal of the underlying suit and the countersuit with Judge H. Jay Ford III. The court papers do not state whether a settlement was reached or if the plaintiff was not pursuing the case for other reasons.
TSJ provides business management, accounting and tax services to artists, entertainers and sports figures. In May 2022, Ye asked TSJ to manage all of his personal and business ventures for himself and his companies, so the parties entered into an 18-month written management agreement calling for the performer to make monthly retainer payments, the amended suit stated.
Sign up here for our free newsletters. We’ll send you the latest headlines every morning and every weekday afternoon.

				MyNewsLA.com won’t sell your information and you can unsubscribe at any time.			
TSJ performed its part of the deal, but about three months into the contract, Ye, “in an unhinged tirade,” terminated the agreement “without any basis or cause,” the amended suit alleged.
Ye’s verbal attack at a Malibu hotel “came out of nowhere,” the amended suit states. When asked about the 18-month commitment, Ye stated that the 18-month term was (epithet) and said, “You’re insane for even thinking I would stick to it,” the amended suit stated.
The 46-year-old Ye and Yeezy stopped making payments in June 2022, the amended suit stated.
“And it is clear based on their statements and conduct that defendants do not intend to make any further monthly payments,” the revised complaint alleged.
Ye maintained in his countersuit that he was in the middle of his high-profile divorce from Kim Kardashian that was “incessantly covered” by the media and he did not know his attorneys had not reviewed the management representation before he signed it in May 2000.
“Ye is an ordinary target of paparazzi, but during this time, the volume of stressful paparazzi interactions was especially pronounced,” the countersuit stated.
The stress of the divorce, media coverage and paparazzi hounding left Ye “chronically sleep-deprived, stressed, anxious and under duress,” so he did not read the agreement before signing it, the countersuit stated.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
Δ

    Sign up here for our free newsletters. We’ll send you the latest headlines every morning and every weekday afternoon.
  

    Check for a confirmation email, and then you're all set with MyNewsLA.com!