January 25, 2024
Ye gets caught up in a random man's rant while strolling the streets of Los Angeles with , Bianca Censori.
Ye, the artist formerly known as Kanye West, got slammed by a random man while walking about Los Angeles. The rapper was with his wife, Bianca Censori, as the passerby unleashed his harsh words. 
The couple were walking back to their car on Melrose Place on Jan. 21 when the unknown man began his tirade, pointing his remarks at Ye. Video obtained by The Neighborhood Talk showed the encounter, in which the man started his rant against the father of four, TMZ reports.
A post shared by The Neighborhood Talk (@theneighborhoodtalk)
“You think you so smart, so new, so nifty” started the random aggressor. “You ain’t sh-t boy.” 
The man kept going despite the couple seeming to ignore his rant, taking an even more outlandish approach. 
“I am a god homie, Lucifer homie,” he told the Yeezy founder, as he then began making “666” references and hand signs to even more confusion. 
While a large portion of what he is saying is inaudible, West seemed to be interested in what the man had to say. After both he and his wife were inside their Range Rover, West lowered the window to continue listening to the critique. 
However, commenters were concerned about safety, especially for Censori, who walked by herself to the other side of the car once Ye was inside. Users were quick to note how close the random man got to the SUV, who was revealed on the camera wearing a dark outfit and beanie. 
“Why is his wife not being protected in this situation? I don’t like that,” questioned influencer Jayla Korian. 
“Why he ain’t make sure his wife got in the car safe,” shared another user, whose handle is @ayeyo_kie. 
Fortunately for both parties, the incident did not escalate into anything physical. What started the issue, if there was any direct catalyst at all, remains unclear. 
RELATED CONTENT: Kanye West To Release 40-Minute Apology To Jewish Community Ahead Of Album Release
© 2025 Black Enterprise. All Rights Reserved.