Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
"Think about that: The most Grammys. Never won album of the year. That doesn't work," the rapper said of Knowles while receiving the Dr. Dre Global Impact Award.

							By 

	Lexy Perez

Associate Editor

	Jay-Z, who brought daughter Blue Ivy onstage as he accepted the Dr. Dre Global Impact Award, called out the Grammys, noting Beyoncé has dozens of Grammys but has never won the top honor.

	During the televised 2024 Grammys ceremony, host Trevor Noah presented the rapper with the honor to celebrate his achievements in music. The award honors Black music creators whose dedication to the art form have greatly influenced the industry.



	Jay-Z took the stage as Beyoncé watched from the audience.





	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	Movies
			



	
		
					Far East Film Festival: Yihui Shao's Feminist Drama 'Her Story' Wins Top Prize		
			














	
	Movies
			



	
		
					Oscars Keep 2026 Date as L.A. Marathon Agrees to Reschedule to Avoid Conflict		
			








	“First of all, thanks to Dr. Dre … all the doors that you opened,” he said. “Honored to accept it.” He later thanked the Black Music Collective and noted, “Hopefully, I’m adding to what you guys are doing out here.”

	










	Jay-Z then went on to reference 1989, when Will Smith and musical partner DJ Jazzy Jeff boycotted the Grammy Awards after learning that the presentation of the award for the new category of best rap performance wouldn’t be televised. He noted that he “took a page out of their book” when he was nominated for best rap album in 1998, but the late DMX didn’t receive any nominations. 

	“We want ya’ll to get it right. We love ya’ll. At least get it close to right. And obviously, it’s subjective because it’s music. And it’s opinion-based,” he continued.

	He then addressed his wife, Beyoncé, never winning in the top category of album of the year. 

	During last year’s Grammys, Beyoncé made awards show history by winning a record 32 awards.

	“I don’t want to embarrass this young lady, but she has the most Grammys than everyone and never won album of the year. So even by your own metrics, that doesn’t work. Think about that: The most Grammys. Never won album of the year. That doesn’t work. Some of you gonna go home and feel like you’ve been robbed. Some of you may get robbed. Some of you don’t belong in the category,” he said, getting an audible reaction from the audience.

	“When I get nervous I tell the truth,” he added. 

	“But outside of that, we got to keep showing up,” he continued. “Keep showing up until they give you all those accolades you feel you deserve. Until they call you chairman. Until they call you genius. Until they call you the greatest of all time.”
Blue Ivy joins Jay-Z on-stage to accept the Dr. Dre Global Impact Award at the 2024 #Grammys pic.twitter.com/H87XxdAoN8

	Throughout his career, Jay-Z has won 24 Grammys and received 88 nominations. The rapper won his first Grammy for best rap album for Vol. 2 … Hard Knock Life in 1998. He currently holds the distinction of rapper with the most Grammy wins in history, tied with Kanye West.

	










	Following Jay-Z’s honor, DJ Khaled shared a video on social media of the rapper drinking alcohol out of his Grammy statue that he poured into it. “Beautiful speech (cloth talk ) HOV DIDKeep showing up till THEY say you the greatest of all time,” DJ Khaled wrote. 

	For this year’s Grammys, female acts made up seven of the eight nominees in the top three categories — with SZA leading with nine overall nominations, followed by Taylor Swift, Olivia Rodrigo, Billie Eilish, Miley Cyrus and boygenius with six nods a piece. Eilish, Dua Lipa, Cyrus and Rodrigo were among the musicians who took the stage at the ceremony. 

	The Grammy Awards telecasted live from L.A. on Sunday on the CBS Television Network. It also streamed live and on-demand on Paramount+. Trevor Noah hosted.
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.