Kardashian took a style cue from Gigi Hadid, while North proved fur can be a summertime staple
Given that she is the eldest child of Kim Kardashian and Kanye West, I can only imagine what kind of supreme style North West will bring once she fully hones her personal taste. But even now, the preteen is showing off a fashion prowess that I certainly didn’t have when I was 11.
The mini fashionista was seen hitting the streets with Kardashian on Wednesday afternoon, when they showed off two tonally different, but equally exquisite looks for a fashionable mother-daughter dinner at the Polo Bar in New York City. 
For the outing, Kardashian chose every It girl’s favorite brand right now: Miu Miu. In fact, she wore the same mustard yellow bandanna top that Gigi Hadid rocked at the Deadpool & Wolverine premiere in Manhattan late last month. But while Hadid made hers part of a monochromatic fit, the Skims founder paired the leather top with sandy brown suede pants and a matching suede bag, while opting to go sans jewelry.
She also carried a little pooch as her final accessory.
North proved that she is already writing her own sartorial rules via a fit that was equal parts Cher Horowitz and hunter-core. The tween kept it preppy up top, with an argyle sweater vest layered over a sky blue button-up. However, she made a total 180 down low with some baggy, camouflage-printed shorts and calf socks tucked into sporty sneakers. North then gave the ensemble an even greater twist with her headwear: a fuzzy brown fur hat with ear flaps.
It might not seem like the season for it, but North has been making fur hats a staple of her wardrobe as of late. After starring as Young Simba in a production of The Lion King back in May, North was photographed wearing a yellow fur hat on her mom’s Instagram (a look that Kim later emulated). We are already know that hats are back, and it’s great to see North leading the charge, while carving a fashion lane all her own.
Tracee Ellis Ross Sports Wedge Balmain Boots
Dua Lipa Gives Leather Looks the Spring Treatment
Doechii Pays Homage to André Leon Talley
Hailey's Miami Outfits All Had This in Common
Bella Hadid Poses in Poolside Lingerie and Curlers
Prince Harry Says He May Not Return to the U.K. 
George Clooney Played Softball In Central Park
Hunter Schafer Gives the Tracksuit a Playful Twist
Blake Lively Wears a “Wedding Gown” on Late Night 
Bella Hadid Glows in a Bubblegum-Pink Set
J.Lo’s Dress Shimmers Like a Starry Night Sky
Hailey Bieber’s Party Dress Is Made of Watches
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.