Kim Kardashian isn't sure if she'll ever be a bride again. During the latest episode of SiriusXM's This Life of Mine with James Corden, the reality star, who's been married three times, said she's unsure about whether or not she'll tie the knot again.
Kim was married to Damon Thomas from 2000 to 2004; to Kris Humphries from 2011 to 2013 (though they separated after just 72 days); and to Kanye West from 2014 to 2022. She and her rapper ex share four kids: North, 10, Saint, 8, Chicago, 6, and Psalm, 4.
"I don't know. I really don't," Kim said of if she'll get married again. "There'll be moods where I'm just like, 'You know what? I understand my life is really big and I understand it takes a really, really, really special, unique person to want to deal with that.' I think my life is really fun and whoever comes in my life will have a really good time, but it's a lot."
"I'm not lonely, so I'm good," she said. "I have my kids, I have work, I have my family, but it would be nice to share your life with someone. But when you do, it's such a big [deal], I don't take that lightly."
While Kim doesn't think her future partner has to be famous to fit into her world, she noted that "they would just have to really somehow understand what this life is."
As for what she's looking for in a partner, Kim, who called herself "the biggest hopeless romantic," admitted that she does have a list in her phone of important characteristics. Though she said she's "not so delusional to know that someone will check every single box," she named several qualities that made her list.
"Accountable for actions. Takes accountability. Good teeth. Can hold their own. I don't have to babysit all the time," she said. "I mean, just a good, genuine person that's driven and has their own motivations in life. The list is so long."
Since September 2023, Kim has been romantically linked to Baltimore Ravens wide receiver Odell Beckham Jr. At the time, a source told ET that the two had known each other for a while and had only recently started hanging out more. Romance rumors further swirled in November, when Kim attended Odell's birthday party in New York City.
Things progressed earlier this month, when a source told ET, "Things have been continuing to heat up between Kim and Odell. They like each other and have a good thing going."
"Odell likes to keep a low profile and Kim appreciates that," the source added. "They have been friends for a long time and naturally vibe with one another. Things are just easy between them and he isn’t in it for the attention or spotlight."
They proceeded to attend the same Super Bowl pre-party, and were photographed together for the first time shortly thereafter.
RELATED CONTENT:
Video
Super Bowl
News
News