Bianca Censori showed off a dramatic transformation as she stepped out wearing a bright pink wig during Paris Fashion Week.
The Australian, 29, left little to the imagination as she stepped out in a see-through nude bodysuit exposing her bum and nipples, while hubby Kanye West - who is legally called Ye now - was much more covered up in an all-white beekeeper-like outfit featuring a baggy sweatsuit paired with a white face mask.
But while their controversial outfits are becoming the norm, there was a key instance in their latest appearance that shows a change in their relationship, according to a body language expert.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US .
READ MORE: Suri Cruise stuns in corset dress and sky-high heels as she holds hands with prom date in NYC in pics
Analysing the photos of the pair from the Prototypes Menswear Spring/Summer 2025, Judi James told us their change in mood is "startling". She said: "With their fingers meshed in their hand clasp to show some intimacy and unity there is a shift-up of body language mood here that is almost as startling as Bianca’s pink hair extensions.
"Bianca is walking ahead here and leading her husband in by the hand like a mom leading her kid to school. Kanye’s face, hands and entire body are covered and it seems to have created a docile and submissive posture, with his head down and his arms pulled to his side in a self-diminishing ritual."
Judi continued: "It’s Bianca doing the sociable greetings here too, while Kanye just sits. She actually turns to hug the guy next to her and stretches an arm to perform what looks like a double-bag, i.e greeting two people at the same time. She looks confident and the one with the authority here and when Kanye is given a phone or tablet he quickly hands it to Bianca, again like she’s in charge.
"Bianca is also smiling start to end, which is rare to the point of unique, especially as she’s smiling at other people rather than smiling at Kanye, which again shows a dramatic shift in the sociability of the couple."
The pair were last spotted sharing a romantic candle-lit dinner together in Florence. They enjoyed a meal at the lavish Il Palagio restaurant and again drew attention due to Bianca's bizarre outfit choice. For the dinner date, Bianca opted for a white cloak as the rapper filmed videos of his wife strutting around the table.
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.