"He knew not to mess with the Swifties," one fan responds.

													By
												

	Katie Atkinson

Executive Digital Director, West Coast

	After backlash to a spicy tweet about Ye and Taylor Swift, Zach Bryan has deactivated his X account.

	On Wednesday (Sept. 18), the country star shared a hot take that might have proven to be too hot for social media. “eagles > chiefs,” his message started, followed by, “Kanye > Taylor.” He concluded: “who’s with me” — and the answer to that question appears to have driven him off the site formerly known as Twitter.

	Swifties quickly came to Taylor’s defense, given Bryan’s message was a twofold offense against both Swift and her boyfriend, Kansas City Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce. “He knew not to mess with the Swifties,” one commenter wrote on a Pop Crave post about the tweet, with another writing: “got all brave just to wimp out and deactivate.”

	According to Bryan’s Instagram (which is still active), he’s been on a Kanye kick lately. The first four of his current Instagram Stories, as of press time, feature four older songs by Ye (formerly Kanye West): “Good Life,” featuring T-Pain, from 2007’s Graduation and “I Thought About Killing You,” “All Mine” and “Ghost Town,” featuring PARTYNEXTDOOR, from 2018’s Ye.

	










	The Eagles and Chiefs football rivalry has heated up over the past few years, with Travis Kelce facing off against his now-retired brother Jason Kelce and the Philly squad in the 2023 Super Bowl, with Kansas City emerging victorious. 

	But the much more heated rivalry has been between Swift and Ye, whose story began when West interrupted Taylor’s 2009 VMAs acceptance speech to declare Beyoncé should have won instead. They reconciled after that and even formed an unlikely friendship, before Ye put some questionable lyrics about Swift in his “Famous” song and his then-wife Kim Kardashian released a recording of a private phone call between the two musicians that set their rocky relationship ablaze.

	The pair have made references to their famous feud as recently as last month, with Ye rapping about Swift’s relationship with Kelce on his Vultures 2 album and Swift restyling a Tortured Poets Department song’s title to capitalize YE: “thank You aimEe.”

	See the tweet from Bryan’s now-deleted account below:
Country star Zach Bryan deactivates X/Twitter account following backlash to tweet:“Eagles > chiefsKanye > Taylor” pic.twitter.com/JBNgtf5g55
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.