By J. PETERSON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  00:34, 30 March 2024   |  Updated:  00:35, 30 March 2024   
 55
View  comments
Julia Fox is known for her fearlessness when it comes to fashion.
So it's no surprise that the 34-year-old put on a daring display at the the 6th annual Pornhub Awards in Los Angeles on Thursday.
She wore an edgy leather jacket dress with a dangerously high split that revealed one of her bare legs.
The actress wore a white wig and opted for thick, porcelain makeup so her face would match her hair.
She appeared to be presenting at the ceremony, as she took to the stage with the mic at one point during the night.
Julia Fox put on a daring display at the the 6th annual Pornhub Awards in Los Angeles on Thursday
She wore an edgy leather jacket dress with a dangerously high split that revealed one of her bare legs
The 34-year-old posed alongside a who's who of the adult entertainment industry 
Fox and retired celebrity stylist Law Roach will next co-host the reality TV design competition OMG Fashun, which premieres May 6 on E! Entertainment.
'OMG Fashun is shaping the future of fashion, emphasizing sustainability, upcycling, and creative craftsmanship to restore integrity to this art form,' the Uncut Gems starlet said in a statement.
'Being the most stylish person in the room doesn't require breaking the bank; all it takes is creativity and a dash of confidence. My biggest hope is that our viewers will get inspired by what we create on the show and recreate the looks at home using all their old junk they have lying around!'
The contestant with the best look will be awarded a $10K cash prize and get their garment modeled by Julia.
Guest judges will include Phaedra Parks, Violet Chachki, Tommy Dorfman, Pretty Vee, Wisdom Kaye, and Lauren McCarthy.
On February 21, Deadline reported that Fox will star opposite Marlon Wayans and Tyriq Withers in the Jordan Peele-produced horror film Goat for Universal Pictures.
The Nothing Lasts Forever video vixen has a small role as a chipper real estate agent called Cece in Steven Soderbergh's psychological thriller Presence, which scored a distribution deal with Neon in January ahead of its Sundance Film Festival premiere.
The 37-year-old actress got close to radio personality Riki Rachtman for a photo
She appeared to be presenting at the ceremony, as she took to the stage with the mic at one point during the night
Julia looked beyond excited to be presenting at the prestigious adult ceremony 
The 85-minute movie - also starring Lucy Liu - centers on 'a family that moves into a suburban house and becomes convinced they're not alone.'
Last year, Julia shot a mystery role opposite Steven Van Zandt and Vito Schnabel in Tony Kaye's upcoming crime comedy The Trainer.
The 37-year-old son of Oscar-nominated filmmaker Julian Schnabel co-wrote and co-produced the dark comedy about 'a down-on-his-luck fitness expert, who takes a maniacal swing at fame and fortune, trying to realize his version of the American dream.'
On the personal front, Fox is mother to three-year-old son Valentino from her three-year marriage to Brooklyn private pilot Peter Artemiev, which ended in 2020.
The Victoria's Secret stunner famously embarked on a six-week platonic fling with rapper Kanye 'Ye' West, which unceremoniously ended on Valentine's Day 2023.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group