Six decades after it pressed the Beatles' first single in the U.S., the country's oldest vinyl record maker rebounded dramatically, thanks to new generations of younger vinyl fans. 
NASHVILLE, Tenn. — During the six decades since United Record Pressing stamped out the Beatles' first U.S. single, the country's oldest vinyl record maker survived 8-tracks, cassettes, CDs, Napster, iPods and streaming services.
Black Friday marks the next event from the organizers of Record Store Day. Learn more about this year's special releases and get tips before you line up.
Now, the Nashville-based company rebounded so dramatically that some of its equipment and technology was retrofitted to keep pace with an ever-growing demand for old-school vinyl.
The 75-year-old company adjusted its business from filling jukeboxes to helping DJs spin and stocking shelves despite the COVID-19 pandemic. On shelves in its warehouse are master versions by Johnny Cash, Kanye West and The Black Crowes.
When Mark Michaels bought the company in 2007, vinyl was fading — its 38 employees mostly made singles for rap artists, often promos for clubs. Michaels wanted a hands-on chance to build a business and thought he could keep this one steady, but not grow it substantially.
Mark Michaels, CEO & Chairman of United Record Pressing, poses for a portrait July 11 in Nashville, Tenn.
It also came with a rich history as the first record pressing plant in the South, including an apartment atop the factory that housed Black artists and music executives during segregation.
"You walked into this building and you just felt 50, 60 years of history and just the importance of what it stood for," said Michaels, the company's CEO and chair. "And yeah, you get choked up, you get gooseflesh just experiencing that."
Today, United Record Pressing runs a newer factory six times bigger than what Michaels bought, with about 125 employees who make up to 80,000 records a day.
A variety of factors boosted vinyl in recent years, from independent artists insisting on vinyl albums to big box retailers getting on board again.
In 2023, U.S. revenues from vinyl records grew 10% to $1.4 billion, the 17th-straight year of growth, according to the Recording Industry Association of America. Records accounted for 71% of revenues from nondigital music formats, and for the second time since 1987, vinyl outpaced CDs in total sold.
Graham Purrell prepares a master plate July 11 for creating vinyl records at the United Record Pressing plant in Nashville, Tenn.
United Record Pressing underwent its own evolution.
The initial pressing plant was formed in 1949 by Nashville label Bullet Records. In the 1950s, it changed to Southern Plastics Inc. and focused on 7-inch singles preferred by jukebox makers.
In the early 1960s, the company pressed more than 1 million records per month. It signed a deal to produce singles for Motown Records and moved to a bigger facility that included the apartment that hosted The Supremes, Smokey Robinson and others — and which became known as the "Motown Suite."
In 1963, it pressed the Beatles' first U.S. single, "Please Please Me." Then in the 1970s, a restructuring turned the company into United Record Pressing.
During the 1980s, records dwindled to a niche market. DJs still needed records for their turntables. Rap and hip-hop artists used them for "scratching." But CDs overtook them.
Tannika Benjamin inspects a vinyl record July 11 at the United Record Pressing plant in Nashville, Tenn.
By the late 2000s, indie artists were insisting on releasing vinyl records. By 2015, records were broadly embraced again, but there were few manufacturers and they relied on presses from the 1960s and 1970s and a limited number of specialists who could operate them, Michaels said.
Demand increased again during the pandemic.
"It's art," Michaels said of vinyl records. "Artists and fans, they want something tactile to hold on to and engage with. It's easy to stream music, and streaming music is a wonderful way to discover new music. But you know, at the end of the day, it's kind of sonic wallpaper."
Today, the factory mixes old and new.
There's plenty of wood paneling on the throwback audio equipment used to test master versions of records before they are used to press copies.
Chuck Springer operates a record pressing machine July 11 at the United Record Pressing plant in Nashville, Tenn.
The factory floor has its share of retrofitted pressing equipment that looks and sounds like it's been around since the last time vinyl ruled the market.
Technology is improving the process, too.
Beyond the older presses are sleek, newly made machines that plop out records more quietly and efficiently. There are huge sacks of colorful pebbles from discarded material that can be pressed again into new records.
The machines that stamp master copies use technology used to produce CDs and DVDs, now retooled for vinyl.
In a room farther back in the factory, the whizzing of machinery gives way to music.
A master plate is seen July 11 at United Record Pressing in Nashville, Tenn.
That's where Tyler Bryant might listen to 10 records in a shift as the company's quality control lead.
Talking over the rhythms of harmonica from a Cash album, Bryant said he discovers many artists and records that wouldn't be on his list, ranging from Harry Styles to Beyoncé's "Cowboy Carter" to indie artists.
"A lot of variety, that's what I appreciate," Bryant said. "I don't like being stuck to just one genre, you know?"
A few miles away, architects and a construction crew are working to preserve the old 1962 plant and pave the way for its future.
As for what that will look like, Michaels says stay tuned.
"My vision is not completely crystallized yet, but the mandate is, it's some of the most important space in all of music," he said. "It needs to be celebrated. It needs to be something that people can engage with."
Looking back, the 1970s were full of musical heavyweights who paved the way for future artists. Yet, at the time, contemporary music fans simply experienced the decade as fertile ground for innovative musicians. Those 10 years gave birth to distinctly '70s genres like disco and subgenres like hard rock, while other genres like R&B, soul, funk, and country continue to thrive today.
The '70s produced some spectacular music and iconic acts that continued to have fruitful careers for years to come. Bands like Fleetwood Mac and Kiss were active for 50 years, while groups like the Bee Gees saw success for decades.
Other bands saw immense success in the '70s but didn't continue to perform in the coming decades. Led Zeppelin chose to split up after the death of their drummer, John Bonham, in 1980. Similarly, Creedence Clearwater Revival, who scored a #1 album in 1970, broke up in 1972 due to disagreements within the band.
Of course, there are legendary artists who helped create the gold standard in their specific genre and still perform today. Icons like Santana, Bruce Springsteen, and Billy Joel are mainstays of the touring circuit, but you might be surprised to learn that other '70s acts are still active.
Stacker identified 20 music legends from the '70s that still perform today. All acts included on this list were at the height of their fame in the '70s and have performed in 2024 or have a show scheduled for 2025. Read on to see the full list.
You may also like: 20 of the best Christmas albums of all time
Since 1969, shock rock pioneer Alice Cooper has made a name for himself with theatrical sets featuring electric chairs to boa constrictors. The Alice Cooper band released their breakthrough third album, "Love It to Death," in 1971. In 1975, Cooper put out his first solo album, "Welcome to My Nightmare." Fifty years later, "The Godfather of Shock Rock" still spends six months out of the year on the road (and finds time to golf too!).
Barry Manilow dominated the mid-to-late '70s with a bestselling studio album, 1978's "Even Now," and three #1 singles (1974's "Mandy," 1975's "I Write the Songs," and 1977's "Looks Like We Made It"). During his lauded career, Manilow nabbed 50 Top 40 hits and sold over 85 million albums. And he still performs those toe-tapping hits today. The singer-songwriter has a Las Vegas residency at the Westgate Hotel and Casino that runs through 2025. The singer also spent 10 nights at New York City's Radio City Music Hall during a 2024 residency.
One of the most popular recording artists in the world, Billy Joel has sold more than 150 million albums since his career began in 1972. A lot of Joel's success came during the '70s. The Piano Man won four of his six Grammys during that decade and released his bestselling album "The Stranger" in 1977. In addition to touring throughout his career, in 2024, Joel concluded his historic residency at New York City's Madison Square Garden, where he played 104 monthly shows throughout the course of 10 years.
Rising to mainstream success with "Born to Run," Bruce Springsteen's 1975 album peaked at #3 on the Billboard 200 chart and helped the singer-songwriter and his group the E Street Band establish their place in Heartland Rock history. Springsteen parted ways with his band in 1989 to pursue a solo career, launching a reunion 10 years later.
Since then, Springsteen has toured consistently, with the E Street Band usually backing him. During a concert in 2024, Springsteen addressed rumors of a farewell tour: "We've been around for 50 f------ years, and we ain't quitting!" Springsteen declared. "We ain't doing no farewell tour bulls---! Jesus Christ! No farewell tour for the E Street Band!"
Chicago released a whopping 11 albums in the '70s, with five topping the charts. During their successful run, the band suffered a devastating blow in 1978 with the death of guitarist and vocalist Terry Kath. But the prog rockers persevered and continue to be pillars in the rock world despite numerous lineup changes. Recording 38 albums and selling more than 100 million records over the course of their decade-spanning career, Chicago continues to tour frequently.
You may also like: 10 popular '90s artists on tour in 2024
Diana Ross was already a star with the Supremes when she decided to leave the group in 1970. The soul singer didn't miss a beat when she went solo, releasing the #1 single "Ain't No Mountain High Enough" that same year. She would go on to record three more hit singles during the decade. Ross released her most recent album, "Thank You," in 2021 and toured as recently as 2024, with more dates on the horizon.
Dolly Parton is so iconic that she has her own theme park called Dollywood. It was in the '70s that the world fell in love with the larger-than-life country star. She ended 1970 with her first #1 country hit, "Joshua," and has since garnered 24 more hits, as well as two #1 singles on the Billboard Hot 100 chart.
In the decades since her career started, Parton has expanded her sound into pop and even rock (she was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2022) and continues to inspire artists of all genres. Although Parton doesn't actively tour, she still performs at least a handful of shows per year.
Arguably the biggest rock band of the '70s, the Eagles' two albums from that era—"Their Greatest Hits (1971-1975)" and "Hotel California"—are among the bestselling records of all time. Although all five of the band's #1 hits were released during the '70s, the Eagles have managed to ride the wave of success to the present day. The rockers are currently playing a residency at Las Vegas' Sphere that runs through early 2025.
When Maurice White founded Earth, Wind & Fire in 1969, he set out to do something that had never been done before. The result was an evolution of pop music that incorporated elements of funk, rock, soul, R&B, and jazz. The band released their self-titled debut album in 1971.
By 1975, they had a chart-topping album in "That's The Way of the World," which featured their only #1 hit, "Shining Star." The band has gone through many lineup changes throughout the years, and White passed away from Parkinson's disease in 2016. However, the group still tours today with White's brother Verdine White being the band's sole original member.
Lynyrd Skynyrd is a quintessential southern rock band. They hit their peak in the mid-'70s with songs like "Free Bird," "Sweet Home Alabama," and "What's Your Name." Interestingly, despite their status as modern classics, none of the aforementioned songs reached #1 on the Billboard Hot 100 (only "Sweet Home Alabama" broke the top 10).
The band took a hiatus in 1977 after three of its members, including singer Ronnie Van Zant, died in a plane crash. In 1987, Lynyrd Skynyrd reformed as a tribute tour to prompt the band's rebirth. The current lineup—led by Ronnie's younger brother, Johnny Van Zant, on vocals—continues to tour and has shows slated for 2025.
You may also like: With Beyoncé's 'Cowboy Carter,' Black country music fans are front and center, at last
A founding member of the popular 1960s rock band Buffalo Springfield, it wasn't until going solo that Neil Young hit his peak. In 1972, the singer-songwriter released his biggest hit (and only chart-topper) "Heart of Gold," which appeared on Young's first #1 album, "Harvest." The folk-rock legend has released over 40 studio albums during his prolific career, his latest being 2024's "FU##IN UP." Young recently wrapped up his "Love Earth" tour with his backing band Crazy Horse.
When the Beatles broke up in 1970, Paul McCartney promptly began his solo career. That same year, he had his first #1 album in his solo debut, "McCartney." The decade continued to go well for McCartney, who ended up with six chart-topping albums between his solo material and new band Wings. He's been actively touring ever since.
Live albums were all the rage in the '70s, and Peter Frampton's 1976 double LP "Frampton Comes Alive!" catapulted him into the limelight while simultaneously reenergizing his earlier songs into Top 40 hits. After scoring a #1 album, the singer-songwriter returned the next year with "I'm In You," which peaked at #2 on the Billboard 200 chart. In 2019, the rock legend disclosed that he'd been diagnosed with a rare degenerative muscle disease four years prior and announced a farewell tour. However, Frampton returned to the stage in 2023. In 2024, he embarked on the aptly titled "Positively Thankful Tour."
The '70s were an incredibly successful decade for Rod Stewart both as a solo artist and as a member of the Faces. The band's debut album emerged in the spring of 1970, drawing comparisons to the Rolling Stones; Stewart's sophomore album arrived later that fall. The following year also saw both a Faces and solo album release for Stewart. However, it was the latter, "Every Picture Tells a Story," that shot Stewart to stardom after it topped the Billboard 200 chart.
The Faces broke up in 1975. Three years later, Stewart released his second #1 album, the disco-influenced "Blondes Have More Fun," which included the hit single "Da Ya Think I'm Sexy?" The soft rock star still actively tours and has a Las Vegas residency slated for 2025.
Led by vocalist and guitarist Carlos Santana, the band Santana is heralded for its innovative sound that fuses blues, jazz, and Latin rock. The band became famous after playing the Woodstock festival in 1969 and began the '70s with two #1 albums: 1970's "Abraxas" and 1971's "Santana III." In 1998, Santana was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. In 2016 the early '70s lineup reunited to release "Santana IV." The guitarist continues to tour both as a solo artist and with the group.
You may also like: 10 first-time Grammy nominees for 2024
After making a name for himself in the '60s as a blues rocker, Steve Miller reinvented himself as a pop-rock act in the '70s to great success. In 1973, Miller released "The Joker," which rose to platinum status while its title track topped the charts. Three years later, Miller released another incredibly popular album, "Fly Like an Eagle," and solidified himself as one of the top-selling pop-rock artists of the decade. While Miller's success has ebbed and flowed throughout his career, his band continues to tour.
Stevie Wonder has succeeded in every stage of his career, as evidenced by him notching his first #1 hit in 1963 at just 13. Still, it was the '70s that saw the R&B singer paving the way for future artists. During that decade, Wonder recorded five chart-topping singles, as well as his 1976 diamond platinum album "Songs in the Key of Life." Despite beginning his career at such a young age and being an active musician for over 60 years, the soul icon has performed at least one live show annually since 1962.
Both the sound and the lineup of the Isley Brothers have evolved immensely over the years. Yet while the siblings experimented with R&B, Motown, and funk, it was their foray into rock in the '70s that led the brothers to success.
In 1975, the Isley Brothers released their 13th album, "The Heat Is On," which became their first album to top the Billboard 200 chart (they didn't record another #1 album until 2003's "Body Kiss"). Unfortunately, four of the six Isley brothers have passed away. However, surviving members Ronald and Ernie are still actively touring.
The Rolling Stones may have been calling themselves the world's greatest rock band since the late '60s, but it was during the '70s that the band recorded six of their nine chart-topping records. Mick Jagger and company have been prolific in every decade of their career and have released numerous studio albums since forming in 1962, with their latest, "Hackney Diamonds," released in 2023. They spent 2024 on the road in support of that album.
Three Dog Night had a heyday between 1969 and 1974, achieving more top 10 hits and record and concert ticket sales than any other artist. In 1970, the funk rock hitmakers scored their first #1 song in "Mama Told Me (Not to Come)," and by 1972, they recorded two more ("Joy to the World" and "Black and White"). In 1976, the band went on hiatus only to reunite in 1981 with all original members besides bassist Joe Schermie. Since then, Three Dog Night has played a handful of shows yearly with founder and vocalist Danny Hutton still leading the stage.
Story editing by Cynthia Rebolledo. Copy editing by Meg Shields. Photo selection by Clarese Moller.
You may also like: 25 most covered country songs of all time
Receive the latest in local entertainment news in your inbox weekly!
Beyoncé is coming to your home on Christmas — provided you have Netflix and are tuning in to the Ravens-Texans game.
Six decades after it pressed the Beatles' first single in the U.S., the country's oldest vinyl record maker rebounded dramatically, thanks to …
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Sign up with
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Sign in with
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.