Support independent journalism, free from the trades and other publications that are part of the tinsel town machine.
For 12 years, Showbiz411.com has been covering Hollywood, Broadway, the music business and the business of celebrity. Ads are our main source of funding, but contributions (not tax exempt) from readers who enjoy the scoops, exclusives, and fact based reports are always welcome and very appreciated. To inquire about ads, email us at showbiz411@gmail.com.
Share
There are some people who want China’s social media company, TikTok, to be outlawed — at least for impressionable viewers.
Not Anna Wintour or the Metropolitan Museum. They announced today that TikTok would be sponsoring the next Met Ball in May. The meaning: What used to be a haute couture, high fashion money loser has devolved into a Halloween party available to the highest bidder.
And the celebrities involved this year guarantee a Halloween for the ages: Bad Bunny. Jennifer Lopez,  Thor aka Chris Hemsworth, and “Dune” star Zendaya. (Anna Wintour must love “Dune.” Timothee Chalamet was her celeb guest from the first “Dune.”) TikTok CEO Shou Chew, often grilled by Congress over the social platform’s potential harm to children, and the creative director of excessively overpriced Loewe, will preside over the activities. Expect Kardashians, and maybe even Kanye West in a hooded jumper with his naked wife.
The theme is “Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion.”
Notably not mentioned as  sponsor is Conde Nast, over which Wintour presides. They’ve laid off hundreds of staff in the last year, and changed course several times. If they donated money to this chicanery, there would be at least some outcry from the media. 
Every year the Met Ball spends lavishly, loses lots of money, but gets massive attention for its lunacy. 
Showbiz411 is now in its 13th year of providing breaking and exclusive entertainment news. This is an independent site, unlike the many Hollywood trades that are owned by one company. To continue providing news that takes a fresh look at what's going on in movies, music, theater, etc, advertising is our basis. Reader donations would be greatly appreciated, too. They are just another facet of keeping fact based journalism alive.Thank you
Read more
Hollywood to the Hudson
Company
Trending
Categories
©	Showbiz411.com