By JACQUELINE LINDENBERG and DEIRDRE DURKAN-SIMONDS and JAMES VITUSCKA FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  06:55, 29 July 2024   |  Updated:  09:41, 29 July 2024   
 531
View  comments
North West's bond with her stepmother, Bianca Censori, was revealed as the pair were seen embracing while stopping by a movie theater in Los Angeles on Saturday. 
The 29-year-old Australian-born architect — who opted to wear an R-rated ensemble for the weekend excursion — joined the 11-year-old, as well as her husband, Kanye West, 47, to see the new Marvel film Deadpool & Wolverine. 
North and Bianca were seen standing next to each other before the movie began, and at one point, Censori affectionately wrapped her arms around West's eldest child, whom he shares with his ex-wife Kim Kardashian. 
The Heartless rapper also stood next to the pair as they purchased tickets in the main lobby of the theater. 
The display comes shortly after the Kim revealed she had to go to therapy to help deal with her struggles parenting the four children she shares with her ex Kanye: North; Saint, eight; Chicago, six; and Psalm, five. 
North West's, 11, bond with her stepmother, Bianca Censori, 29, was revealed as the pair were seen embracing while stopping by a movie theater in Los Angeles on Saturday
The Australian-born architect joined the 11-year-old as well as her husband, Kanye West to see the new Marvel film Deadpool & Wolverine
While escorting the preteen to the R-rated superhero film — which stars Ryan Reynolds and Hugh Jackman — the Yeezy architectural designer bared plenty of skin with — yet another — head-turning look.
For the laid-back outing, the Melbourne native wore a white long sleeve shirt, nude underwear and black strappy heels. 
She accessorized her bizarre, pants-less look with a beige baseball cap over her dark hair.
Her husband attempted to fly under the radar in a black hoodie pulled over his head, along with sunglasses and matching sweatpants.
North, whom West shares with his ex-wife Kim Kardashian, wore a jersey, baggy denim shorts and slides.
The budding fashionista styled her hair in a low ponytail and appeared friendly with her stepmom as she received a big hug from her outside the theater.
In order to see the film, since North is under 17, she had to be accompanied by a parent or legal guardian.
Due to the its sexual jokes and language, Deadpool & Wolverine is Marvel's first R-rated movie, although the first two films in the Deadpool series were also R-rated, but were produced by 20th Century Fox prior to Marvel Studios' parent company Disney buying that studio. 
After the film, the trio walked back to West's Cybertruck. 
Rhw ouincomes shortly after the SKIMS founder used therapy to help her struggles with parenting her four children she shares with ex Kanye: North, 11, Saint, eight, Chicago, six and Psalm, five
North and Bianca were seen standing next to each other before the movie began, and at one point, Censori affectionately wrapped her arms around West's eldest child - whom he shares with ex-wife Kim Kardashian
While escorting the preteen to the R-rated superhero film - starring Ryan Reynolds and Hugh Jackman - the Yeezy architectural designer bared plenty of skin with, yet another, head-turning look
The Heartless rapper also stood next to the pair as they purchased tickets in the main lobby of the theater
For the laid-back outing, the Melbourne native wore a white long sleeve, a pair of nude underwear and black strappy heels
On the way home, the father-of-four pulled over to check out a piece of land in Beverly Hills. Censori opted to stay in the car as he checked out the property.
Bianca and North have been seen spending time together on previous occasions, such as grabbing dinner back in March and shopping in Japan last month. 
Last year in November, Kim revealed that her daughter North preferred to spend time at Kanye's apartment rather than the reality star's $60 million Calabasas mansion. 
'North, she'll go to her dad's, she'll be like, "Dad is the best. He has it all figured out. He doesn't have a nanny. He doesn't have a chef. He doesn't have security. He lives in an apartment,"' Kim said on an episode of The Kardashians. 
'And she'll start crying, "'Why don't you have an apartment? I can't believe we don't have an apartment,"' the star added. 
She added that her kids also make their own food at West's, stating, 'That's amazing that you make ramen, you know, like great.' 
During an episode of Hulu's The Kardashians that aired in June, Kim admitted that her kids were out-of-control and wished that she was 'more strict.' 
While talking on the phone inside her car, the star vented, 'I just…anything in that home is just chaotic right now.'
'Oh my God, no, what I wanted to say was I had a Zoom at the house with all my kids there, banging on the door, just screaming.'
'And I was literally hiding in a bathroom with the door locked as I was just like, I can't believe this. I mean I can believe it, but that's like my biggest nightmare,' the reality star told the person. 
In a confessional, Kim expressed, 'Sometimes it gets just like a little intense. I want to be more strict like Khloe but I don't know why I have a hard time just saying no is no.' 
North, who West shares with his ex-wife Kim Kardashian, wore a jersey, baggy denim shorts and slides
Last month in June during an episode of Hulu's The Kardashians, Kim admitted that her kids were out-of-control and wished that she was 'more strict'
In a confessional, Kim expressed, 'Sometimes it gets just like a little intense. I want to be more strict like Khloe but I don't know why I have a hard time just saying no is no'; seen with son Saint in December 2023 in L.A. 
'I think I also just don't want to deal with the whining and the tears of not getting their way.'
Back on the call, the TV personality said that she is, 'open to anything at this point, because I just can't live like this, like I've ran out of my patience and that what my like superpower was, calm and patience.' 
However, during an episode that aired earlier this month, Kim explained that therapy has helped when parenting her kids. 
While talking to her sister Khloe, the mother-of-four stated, 'I feel like work is my escape, my happy place, so I cannot believe I have a peaceful household.'
She later explained, 'I think I started to see a therapist and…I just saw her once, but she was like…the simplest thing that she told me was to take down screen time.' 
'Of course you're like duh, of course, you know, but having strict rules on like there can be no phones during meals, they're gonna fight and kick and scream for like a week and then you gotta get through it. I never wanted to deal for that week.'
Kim later said in a confessional, 'I mean, I just started implementing stricter scheduling. I know I made fun of Khloe for that and she's still too militant.'
But Khloe stated, 'Strict does not mean like you have to be this crazy monster, it just means implementing rules and being consistent with your rules. So just, no means no. No bribery, no those types of things.'
Khloe then told her sister, 'Structure, discipline, rules, discipline is love. Like having bedtimes, rules, whatever your thing is.' Kim replied with, 'Well obviously I have rules, you know what I mean?...'
It has been previously reported that Kardashian has requested ex Kanye to ask his wife to cover up and refrain from wearing her infamously-scandalous outfits around their four children. 
However, during an episode that aired earlier this month, Kim explained that therapy has helped when parenting her kids; her ex, Kanye West, seen with their children 
It has been previously reported that Kardashian has requested ex Kanye to ask his wife to cover up and refrain from wearing her infamously-scandalous outfits around their four children; seen in February in Milan 
In February, a source told DailyMail.com exclusively: 'Kim instructed Kanye to never let Bianca dress like that around their kids. She is truly surprised that Kanye would let his wife leave the house like that.' 
Bianca has been pictured in a slew of headline-grabbing outfits since she married the rapper in December 2022 – less than one month after his divorce from Kim was finalized.
Unlike in his marriage with Censori, West frequently asked Kardashian to change her outfits if Kanye felt she was showing too much skin, with the artist heavily influencing her fashion choices during their seven-year marriage.
'Kanye did the same thing he is doing with Bianca to Kim throughout their marriage,' the source continued. 'The difference is that when Kanye dressed Kim, he was respected as a person – as an artist.' 
'Unfortunately, Kim knows what Bianca is going through – but she feels Bianca should have known what she was getting into.'
The billionaire SKIMS founder has also talked openly about Kanye's influence over her fashion choices throughout their relationship. 
Bianca's parents are also said to be 'mortified' at seeing their daughter in such strange ensembles – in particular the clear raincoat she wore recently with nothing but a pair of black boots. 
In February, a source told DailyMail.com exclusively: 'Kim instructed Kanye to never let Bianca dress like that around their kids. She is truly surprised that Kanye would let his wife leave the house like that'
The billionaire SKIMS founder has also talked openly about Kanye's influence over her fashion choices throughout their relationship
'Her family and friends are mortified because it just keeps getting worse and worse,' an insider previously told DailyMail.com exclusively.
'Bianca clearly doesn't realize that what she wore isn't only disgusting and setting a bad example, but she is also potentially breaking the law.
'Meanwhile, Kanye is covered up with five layers of clothes and when his wife looked chilly while naked and wrapped in plastic he didn't so much as offer her one of his capes.'
The source continued: 'Her parents are so distressed over this because they do not recognize her. 'She would not be doing this unless she was being controlled.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group