Kim Kardashian celebrated her 44th birthday on October 21 by vlogging gifts from her children in a series of videos posted to her Instagram Stories. Over the years, her eldest, North West—who Kardashian shares custody of with her ex-husband, Kanye West—has made her love of streetwear abundantly clear, establishing her signature style by wearing towering platform Balenciaga Crocs or escorting her mother to the 2023 Met Gala in a Chanel tweed jacket and seashell clutch. In the fullest spirit of that interest, the 11-year old gifted her mother a diamond necklace. The tennis chain and gold name plate is customized with an engraving that reads “Skibidi Toilet” on the front and “Love, North 10/21/24” on the back. “Skibidi Toilet” is a reference to the animated YouTube Shorts show created by Alexey Gerasimov about warring toilets with human heads, which garnered billions of views within its first few months. The full first season of the series is one-minute long.
“North got me this diamond necklace that says ‘Skibidi Toilet,’” Kardashian explained in her Instagram story. “Wow.”
“Because you love Skibidi Toilet,” North interjects.
“I do? I do?” Kardashian asked, laughing. North responded: “Yeah!“
Whether or not Kardashian is actually a fan of the bizarre YouTube series, it seems likely that it’s a favorite of North’s. Perhaps Skibidi Toilet is among the shows the preteen has been playing in the background before bed—as Kardashian revealed during the duo’s Interview magazine shoot earlier this month, “Fun facts about North: Every night when she falls asleep, she needs the TV on, no matter what.” To which North quipped, “That’s not a fun fact.”
The series has caught Hollywood’s attention. In July, The Washington Post reported that Gerasimov, the creator, is working with the independent entertainment studio Invisible Narratives to expand the series into a television and movie franchise á la Marvel Cinematic Universe. Filmmaker Michael Bay (who gifted audiences the Transformers and Bad Boys franchises) has reportedly signed on as the project’s chief creative advisor.
“I’ve always been a director that believes in taking risks,” Bay told The Washington Post. “Audiences yearn for fresh, new ideas. With Skibidi, it’s a new world of what the younger generation is watching, and I’m taking it very seriously.”
As usual, North remains on the cutting edge of cool. The child of two pop culture luminaries is quickly setting herself apart within the Kardashian-Jenner-West extended universe with the verve of any adolescent bolstered by the privilege and hassles (naturally she’s not a fan of the paparazzi) her parentage affords. At one of Kanye West’s Vulture listening events in March, North announced that she was working on her debut album, Elementary School Dropout, an homage to her father’s 2004 LP The College Dropout. During their Interview shoot, when Kardashian asked what North wanted to be when she grew up, the elementary schooler responded: “I don’t know. I already do a lot of stuff that I want to be when I grow up. I just want to pursue my careers now.”
How Miriam Adelson Went From Big MAGA Winner to Casino Loser in Trump’s First 100 Days
Trump’s Lies Are Finally Catching Up to Him
The UK Has Found Another Reason to Be Mad at Meghan Markle
“It’s About Him”: How Trump Is Perverting the Presidential Photo Stream
The Ballad of Bill Belichick and Jordon Hudson
The Truth Underlying Pete Hegseth’s Job Security
Why Are Americans So Obsessed With Protein? Blame MAGA.
How Sebastian Stan Became Hollywood’s Most Daring Shape-Shifter
Every Quentin Tarantino Movie, Ranked
Meet Elon Musk’s 14 Children and Their Mothers (Whom We Know of)
From the Archive: Sinatra and the Mob
More from Vanity Fair
Contact
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Vanity Fair may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
CN Entertainment