e-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
to submit an obituary

Please submit obituaries to obits@allaroundphilly.com and attach the name of the person paying for the obituary, his or her home address and a phone number. The obits team will call you with a price once it has been entered into the system. The deadline is Tuesday by Noon for that week’s paper. If you have general questions call 610-235-2687.

e-Edition
The Fords senior diver repeated as diving champion at the recent Eastern Interscholastic Swimming & Diving Championships at Franklin & Marshall College, with a score of 495.95. He was undefeated in his dual meets, and the only loss he experienced all season was at the Inter-Ac Championships. Rosenberger has broken his pool and varsity records for both six and 11 dives this season. Next winter, he will dive for Boston College.
Q: What was the key to your success at Easterns?
A: My key to success at Easterns was staying loose. Last year while diving I got in my head and this affected my performance. So this year I focused on diving the way I know how, not thinking about messing up.
Q: What, to you, is the major difference between indoor and outdoor diving competitions?
A: The major difference between the two is spotting. While inside the ceiling is usually a different color from the pool but outside everything is blue and it is harder to see where you are in the air.
Q: What sparked your original interest in competitive diving?
A: As a kid I was very interested in doing flips in parkour, and my dad asked if I wanted to try diving. I went to one practice and knew I was going to commit to this sport.
Q: What (in your opinion) was your best dive this past season, and what was the key to your performance on that dive?
A: I think my best dive was a front one and a-half with two twists. I felt the most consistent with this dive.
Q: What are your best dives, in order?
A: 5134d, 405c, 107c, 105b, 303c, 203c.
Q: What aspect of your diving have you been working on the most recently?
A: I have been working on getting bigger dives and being able to hit my dives as consistently as possible
Q: What coaches/mentors have been particularly helpful to your diving career?
A: My club coach Todd Michael has been a key factor in my improvement. He pushed me when I was scared and kept me sharp. Also Coach (Justin) Gaudreu because he made me really want to work for the bigger dives.
Q: What’s the coolest place you’ve ever dove from?
A: I dove at San Antonio Northside Swim Center. This was my first time diving outside and it was so fun to be outside in the sun.
Q: Take us through a typical workout session, both in the pool and in the weight room.
A: While in the pool I usually have a planned-out practice. Start with basics and then usually work through two categories. I do a few of my hardest dives until I can hit a few in a row then move on. In the weight room I don’t do anything extra — I just lift to try to get stronger.
Q: What is your favorite academic course at Haverford School? What would you like to major in at college?
A: I think my favorite course is economics. I would like to major in business or finance.
Fun facts – AJ Rosenberger
Favorite book: Hamlet.
Favorite author: Stephen King.
Favorite TV show: Sopranos.
Favorite movie: Interstellar.
Favorite athlete: Brian Dawkins.
Favorite pre-meet pump-up song: Ghost Town, by Kanye West.
Favorite team: Philadelphia Eagles.
Favorite place to visit: Avalon, N.J.
Favorite pre-meet meal: “Two Wawa hash browns.”
Person I most admire, and why: “Ryan Gosling. I think he’s a great actor and he recently started a production company that is really cool.”
Family members: parents Andrew and Jaqueline, older brother Max, older sister Ava, younger sister Maya.
(To be selected as Main Line Boys Athlete of the Week, a student-athlete must be nominated by his coach.)
To view a gallery of the previous Main Line Boys Athletes of the Week click here
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group