By
Lauren Pisciotta’s lawsuit against Ye, formerly Kanye West, shares detailed information about the mogul’s sex life. According to court documents, Ye’s former assistant claims he sent her unsolicited and explicit texts about his sexual escapades with a-list celebrities.
A post shared by LP✨ (@laurenpisciotta)
In one message, Ye allegedly wrote to Pisciotta, “One time I took Viagra and f–ked [an A-list celebrity] for three hours. Not sure why that thought came to me.” 
Another text purportedly read, “You got [name removed]’s [cell] number. I need him to start f–king some of my bitches. I love when bitches get the s–t f–ked out of them and tell me about it while I f–k them.” 
Ye employed Pisciotta during the production of his tenth album, Donda, which was released in August 2021. She also worked alongside Ye’s now-wife Bianca Censori. Ye reportedly fired Pisciotta in October 2022. 
According to Pisciotta, Ye often spoke about enjoying it when the women he dated cheated on him with men who had a “bigger d–k” and referred to his “racist” penis in explicit terms.
The complaint also states that Pisciotta was required to procure sexual enhancement products for the mogul. In one message, West allegedly fantasized about being “arrested for f–king the s–t out of his assistant.”
Ye, 47, has denied these allegations, calling them “baseless” and “blackmail.” His lawyers allege that Pisciotta stole Ye’s cell phone before her termination to destroy records that would contradict her claims. They contend she was fired for being unqualified and making unreasonable demands, including a $4 million annual salary, and cited documented incidents of her inappropriate behavior.
The attorneys also claim Pisciotta offered the mogul sex on his birthday, which he declined, and that she sent him unsolicited nude images and sexual messages. They allege she once bragged about an encounter with a soccer player while texting him.
Ye plans to counter-sue Pisciotta, though no lawsuit has been filed yet.
Pisciotta’s lawsuit also accuses the mogul of masturbating in her presence, both while on the phone and once when they were locked in a room together. She claims she was promoted to chief of staff in September 2022 with a promised $4 million salary but was fired just a month later without receiving a $3 million severance deal.
Pisciotta is suing for breach of contract and a hostile work environment. She joins other former employees of Ye in taking legal action.
Are you a HOT 97 VIP?  Unlock exclusive, VIP Only access to the latest news, offers, contests, events, and more.  There is no cost to join for a limited time.
Δ
#1 for Hip Hop
Copyright 2024 Hot 97