Brian Dillon is a Newsweek reporter based in London, U.K. His focus is reporting on travel and home. He has covered travel destinations and trends extensively. Brian joined Newsweek in 2024 from the Irish Star US. He is a graduate of Dublin City University. You can get in touch with Brian by emailing b.dillon@newsweek.com. Languages: English.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
One engaged couple had quite the unique experience of having their whole wedding party on the same flight to the nuptial's destination.
Full-time content creator Summer K Morgan and her now-husband Jimmy decided to get married in Amalfi, Italy, so guests had to fly to Naples from Los Angeles with a stop at New York's JFK Airport. With only one flight to their destination, the whole wedding party ended up traveling together.
"Our flight was 6 a.m., so we woke up at 3 a.m. [and] got there [to the airport] at 4 a.m." Morgan told Newsweek. "Usually I would be half asleep... but I was just so giddy!"
The bride shared a video to TikTok, which has gone viral with over 1.5 million views, documenting the joyous scenes on the flight as her entire wedding party boards.
She shared the short video with the text overlay: "POV [point of view]: There's only one flight to your destination wedding, so your entire wedding party is on it." In the video, Morgan films guests getting onto the plane and finding their seats as they smile and wave at the camera ahead of the Italian wedding celebrations.
"My sister and her boyfriend sat behind Jimmy and I because we booked together," she told Newsweek. "But we had friends sitting all over the plane. Would stop to say hi when going to the bathroom."
Among the wedding guests on the flight was Morgan's grandmother and other older family members, who got to sit in first class. The creator said that the cabin crew on the flight were "so nice" and their guests kept telling staff that they were all on-board to travel to Morgan's wedding.
Destinations weddings are becoming increasingly popular with American couples. In 2023, the worldwide destination wedding market was worth over $30 million, with that expected to grow to over $103 million by 2033, according to Market Insights.
Italy is a popular destination for weddings and celebrities who have tied the knot there include Kim Kardashian and Kanye West, Chrissy Teigen and John Legend, and Justin Timberlake and Jessica Biel.
TikTok users took to the comments section of Morgan's video to share their thoughts. "The anxiety in me hates that everyone is flying together," said Sierra Bussell.
Carina Ramirez commented: "It's basically a private jet but without the huge cost."
@lexilynnm shared: "This is how my dad's was! Like 70 percent of the flight was his party it was fun."
"Came directly to the comments to see if anyone else was anxious about everyone flying together," wrote Tori.
Has a dream vacation turned into a nightmare? Whether it's a missed flight or lost luggage, we want to hear about your travel disasters. Let us know via life@newsweek.com, and your story could be featured on Newsweek.
Brian Dillon is a Newsweek reporter based in London, U.K. His focus is reporting on travel and home. He has covered travel destinations and trends extensively. Brian joined Newsweek in 2024 from the Irish Star US. He is a graduate of Dublin City University. You can get in touch with Brian by emailing b.dillon@newsweek.com. Languages: English.
Brian Dillon is a Newsweek reporter based in London, U.K. His focus is reporting on travel and home. He has covered travel destinations and trends extensively. Brian joined Newsweek in 2024 from the Irish Star US. He is a graduate of Dublin City University. You can get in touch with Brian by emailing b.dillon@newsweek.com. Languages: English.
Brian Dillon is a Newsweek reporter based in London, U.K. His focus is reporting on travel and home. He has                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC