By JAMES VITUSCKA and RUSS WEAKLAND FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  15:07, 28 May 2024   |  Updated:  19:18, 28 May 2024   
 1.1k
View  comments
Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's daughter North West sparked a firestorm of debate online over the weekend when she made her acting debut at The Lion King's 30th anniversary concert in Los Angeles - a performance that prompted a wave of 'nepo baby' backlash from critics. 
While some were full of praise for the precocious 10-year-old's part in the live event, others were quick to suggest that she had only landed the role because of her famous parents. 
Now, insiders familiar with the project have revealed the truth about North West's part in it - and how she really managed to land the prominent role of Young Simba, confessing that her high-profile family did in fact influence her on-stage casting.  
According to sources, the young star didn't have to 'compete against anyone else' for the part, which came as a result of her family's ties with the production company behind the event, which was held at the Hollywood Bowl last Friday. 
North took to the stage to perform I Just Can't Wait To Be King, and received a standing ovation from the audience.
North West got to perform as a Young Simba during The Lion King's 30th anniversary concert on Friday thanks to her family's connection, sources have revealed
However, the performance was quickly trolled online by critics who claimed that North did not display the level of 'talent' needed for the role and had only landed the part due to 'nepotism.'
A source has since told DailyMail.com that the Kardashian family's close connection to the producers of the event played a large part in North's appearance.   
'The Lion King at the Hollywood Bowl and The Kardashians are both produced by the same production company, Fulwell 73 Productions,' the insider dished. 
'Gabe Turner, who is a partner in Fulwell, is also the creative showrunner for The Lion King.'
The source continued: 'This was a shoe in for North and she was told that if she can carry a note the gig is hers.'
Fulwell 73 is the production company behind shows including The Kardashians and The Late Late Show With James Corden.
Turner is a partner alongside James Corden, while the former worked alongside Sally Wood as the creative showrunner for The Lion King concert.
The insider added that North's ability to make headlines for her performances was a key factor behind the decision to cast her for the role.
'They were hoping to draw publicity for this, which they did,' the source continued. 'But North didn't have to compete against anyone else and anyone else who would have auditioned would have not gotten it anyways.'
The source stated: 'This is 100 per cent the result of her family's relationship with Disney and with Fulwell.'  
Another insider dished that the family planned to feature the moment in upcoming episode of their reality show, seemingly making the performance a win for everyone involved.
A source has since confirmed to DailyMail.com that the Kardashian family's close connection to the producers of the event - who also work on The Kardashians - played a large part
An insider claimed: 'This was a shoe in for North and she was told that if she can carry a note the gig is hers' 
'The promise of the moment being shown on the show and to go and be seen everywhere was also a major selling point for having North a part of the festivities,' the source stated. 
'Like everything the Kardashians do, this was well documented and planned. They have to keep the brand somehow.'
Though trolls have since blasted the Talking hitmaker for her performance, others have taken to social media to push back against the vitriol.
'North West's Lion King performance was so cute - she's a child, like y'all need to calm down,' one wrote.
'Y'all don't like Kim, so y'all take it out on North? Why are people posting videos of her Lion King performance talking about how much better it would be it was actually a talented kid??? That's a baby! Why are y'all being weird?' another asked.
One noted: 'The world is really so cruel sometimes. North performed for some Hollywood Lion King play, and they are ripping that little girl apart online. She is a child....'
Meanwhile, the second source explained that North was very much passionate about pursuing her interests in acting and music, and her parents were united in their aim to make that happen.
'North wants to do music, stage, TV, film and all different things in entertainment,' the insider dished. 
The eldest child of Kim and Kanye - who were also in attendance at the concert - confidently took to the stage at The Hollywood Bowl to perform I Just Can't Wait To Be King 
 However, she has been the victim of brutal online trolling since her performance on Friday
'So every opportunity she gets or is given is all a part of the plan for her to take over Hollywood as crazy as that might sound it is one thing that Kim and Kanye can agree on and they are going to help get her any and all opportunities possible.' 
North may have a way to go before she wins over some critics after social media users on X (formerly known as Twitter) did not hold back as they shared their thoughts about the young star's abilities.
One noted: 'Nepotism is literally the best thing to be born with,' while another added, 'The worst case of nepo I have witnessed.'
Another penned: 'Nepotism and the synonym next to it is KARDASHIANS,' followed by laughing face emojis. 
'Nepotism is so crazy lol,' one wrote. 'Someone else's more talented, probably voice and dance trained kid didn't get it because his/her family isn't famous enough.' 
Someone else penned: 'She looks great and it seems like she's having a lot of fun, but I'm definitely not gonna bypass the fact that we all know she wouldn't be there if it wasn't who her parents were. This is classism at its finest!' 
Meanwhile, another source explained that North is currently passionate about pursuing her interests in acting and music
The young star recently featured on the track, Talking / Once Again , alongside her father Kanye and Ty Dolla $ign
Another chimed: 'Aw man...I feel bad for the kids there that are actually talented who could've nailed this.
'I'm sure her mom's influence (or money) is the only reason she got this leading/singing role.' 
One also shared, 'I don't like that fact that she got this solely based on her mom or dad.
'There's a kid out there with real talent that should've been given this opportunity. And no I'm not a hater I actually like the "Kardashians."' 
It's unclear if North went through a standard audition process. DailyMail.com has reached out to a Kardashian spokesperson and representatives for Fulwell 73 Productions for comment. 
The live-to-film concert event ran for two nights on May 24 and May 25. 
The tickets for the Hollywood Bowl concert, which can notably hold up to 17,500 people, began at $60.
North joined other stars on the stage, such as Jennifer Hudson, Billy Eichner, Bradley Gibson, Ernie Sabella, Jason Weaver, Jeremy Irons and also Nathan Lane. 
Kanye was in attendance at the concert to support his daughter, as well as Kris Jenner, Kourtney Kardashian and her husband, Travis Barker. 
The 10-year-old joined other stars on the stage, such as Jennifer Hudson, Billy Eichner, and  Jeremy Irons; seen with Hudson on stage (left) and after the performance (right)
North also flashed a cheerful smile as she stood next to Jason Weaver, who was the singing voice of the cub Simba in 1994 animated feature film, for a memorable photo
Kim also cheered on North from backstage, sharing photos to her Instagram Stories from her daughter's dressing room.
The SKIMS founder later uploaded a clip of herself watching the concert with daughter, Chicago, six, propped up on her lap. 
North's acting debut came after she announced her first album Elementary School Dropout in March, a nod to her dad's 2004 debut The College Dropout.
The preteen was also featured on Talking / Once Again, from Vultures 1, Ye's collaborative album with Ty Dolla $ign.
The track made North one of the youngest artists to ever chart on the Billboard Hot 100, debuting at No. 30 in February.
Although she made her acting debut on Friday night at the Hollywood Bowl, North is no stranger to the stage, thanks to her collaborations with her father.
She repeatedly performed live with Kanye during various album release events for Vultures 1, including in Miami in December and Paris in February.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group