Bianca Censori’s friends believe she is being treated by husband Kanye West as “some dramatic installation of art” — and say that, when she is not “working” as his muse, she ditches the wild, barely-there clothing that has become her public signature.
The petite brunette, 29, appeared “back to normal” during a recent trip home to Australia, an old friend told Page Six.
“It was very obvious to us that she was acting like she was off the clock from a job,” the friend said of Censori, adding that she donned a sweater dress to eat pasta with her parents at a cafe in her hometown of Melbourne.
“When you look at all the press [about Censori and West], you would believe she has lost her mind, so it was good to see her with her family and being the person we remembered. The clothes were back to normal … there was nothing to suggest her time with Kanye has had a lasting effect,” the friend added.
After Censori was photographed wearing a series a risqué bodysuits and even clutching a pillow to cover her seemingly bare chest, there were reports that Censori’s parents, Alexandra and Leo, have been worried about their daughter’s antics with West.
But, the friend said, the family “haven’t been cut off and it was clear they still have plenty of contact with her. They would have been acting differently if this was some rescue from a cult-like leader!”
Days after the Melbourne visit, Censori was back to her usual attention-getting way. She stepped out in Prato, Italy, this week wearing only an extremely high-cut swimsuit and heels for a Yeezy production meeting.
Asked about her time in Australia, a source who knows Censori and West well told Page Six, “Bianca was just taking it easy.”
As Page Six has previously reported, Censori considers her outfits to be “performance art.”
“Bianca has people helping her with her looks. It’s her presentation and it’s thought through,” the source added.
This week, West’s former assistant Lauren Pisciotta sued him for sexual harassment and wrongful termination. Asked how Censori and West are doing, the source added, “Ye seems to be ok and they’re getting along. Like every couple they have their challenges, but they’re doing good business together.” 
However, her friend said none of Censori’s old gang “felt comfortable” trying to get her to discuss her relationship — adding that they think she is being treated as a “dramatic installation of art.”
“There is always more to the story. And while the idea that she is a human mannequin to the former husband of Kim Kardashian seems outrageous, it’s good that she must be balancing her time with him and still be able to live a normal life,” said the friend.
Censori, who married West in December 2022, swapped shoes for bandages while enjoying a date at Disneyland with West in April.
She also donned a completely see-through tube dress — sans undergarments — during a dinner date in Los Angeles.
“People are confusing Bianca’s creativity,” an insider previously told Page Six, “She is a phenomenal personality, a phenomenal actor, who can entertain the public. She’s a performance artist. Bianca is as much a performer as Ye is.”
Advertisement