Kanye West risked an awkward run in with ex Kim Kardashian as he wore a mask to the Super Bowl with wife Bianca Censori.
The 46-year-old rapper donned a vintage Alexander McQueen crucifix mask for the biggest sporting event of the year, as he watched the Kansas City Chiefs beat the San Francisco 49ers to win the Super Bowl for the fourth time on Sunday. The game, held in Las Vegas, brought a huge swathe of celebs to Sin City to watch the Super Bowl, including Kanye, who sat in the stands with second wife Bianca.
The Flashing Lights hitmaker donned the unusual accessory, which featured a white crucifix positioned between the eyes on the black mask, that was created by the late British designer for his Dante collection in 1996. Sunday also marked the 14th anniversary of Alexander’s death, with fans suggesting Kanye’s all-black ensemble was a tribute to the iconic designer. Bianca was also dressed in black, and wore a latex black mask that partially covered her face, but managed to surprise onlookers as she was fully dressed for their outing.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Kanye West breaks silence after exposing bare bum on boat ride with wife Bianca Censori
Also in attendance at the Super Bowl in Las Vegas on Sunday was Kanye’s ex-wife Kim, who was seated in the VIP stand with sister Khloe Kardashian and best pal La La Anthony. While it’s not known if the exes crossed paths, just hours before the game kicked off, Kim was spotted for the first time with rumoured new boyfriend Odell Beckham Jr. The new couple were photographed walking through the Wynn hotel together, surrounded by security, after attending a pre-Super Bowl party on Saturday.
The 43-year-old Skims founder seemingly confirmed her relationship with Odell after months of speculation surrounding their secret romance, as he walked slightly ahead of her through the luxury hotel. Kim rocked a Western-style outfit, complete with cowboy hat and flared trousers, and was accompanied by her burly security team with Odell sweetly protecting her as he positioned himself in front of her.
The couple had just partied at the annual Fanatics Super Bowl party at the exclusive Marquee Dayclub at The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas, alongside Kim’s sister Khloe, BFF La La, and younger sister Kendall Jenner. She looked relaxed as she spoke to other guests at the massive party, and according to Page Six, she and Odell exchanged a brief hug as they reunited during the bash.
Kim and Kanye wed in 2014, but they split in 2021 when she filed for divorce following a series of controversial comments and stunts by her ex-husband. She began dating Pete Davidson in October 2021, but they parted ways amicably in August 2022, and the mother-of-four has been single ever since. Her and Odell’s relationship reportedly began back in September, and the couple have kept their blossoming romance under wraps.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.