In a “2 a.m. surprise,” billionaire musician Taylor Swift revealed her 11th studio album, “The Tortured Poets Department,” is actually a “double album,” releasing more than a dozen extra songs just hours after the first installment’s hotly anticipated release.
Taylor Swift announced a "secret double album" on Friday.
“It’s a 2am surprise,” Swift said when announcing the “secret DOUBLE album” on Instagram and X, formerly known as Twitter.
Swift revealed she had recorded an extra 15 tracks for “The Tortured Poets Department,” which are now available on “The Tortured Poets Department: The Anthology.”
“I’d written so much tortured poetry in the past 2 years and wanted to share it all with you,” the singer said.
“And now the story isn’t mine anymore… it’s all yours,” Swift added.
New tracks on the secret album include “The Black Dog,” “Cassandra,” “Peter,” “The Albatross” and “I Look In People’s Windows.”
The music video for Swift’s first single off the album, “Fortnight” featuring Post Malone, will premiere Friday night. “I’ve been such a huge fan of Post because of the writer he is, his musical experimentation and those melodies he creates that just stick in your head forever,” Swift said on social media. The singer said she “can’t wait” for people to hear the song, which was released at midnight, and see the video at 8 p.m. ET on Friday.
Taylor Swift is worth an estimated $1.1 billion. She became a billionaire in October 2023, thanks to earnings from her Eras tour and the value of her music catalog. While Swift is not the first performer to join the ranks of billionaires on Forbes—others include Jay-Z, Rihanna and (formerly) Kanye West—she is the first musician to make Forbes’ billionaires list solely from her songs and performances. Swift has been rerecording her old albums in a bid to regain control over her music after most of her work was sold without her consent.
31. With the additional tracks from the “secret double album,” that’s how many tracks are on Swift’s “The Tortured Poets Department.” .
One Community. Many Voices. Create a free account to share your thoughts. 
Our community is about connecting people through open and thoughtful conversations. We want our readers to share their views and exchange ideas and facts in a safe space.
In order to do so, please follow the posting rules in our site's Terms of Service.  We've summarized some of those key rules below. Simply put, keep it civil.
Your post will be rejected if we notice that it seems to contain:
User accounts will be blocked if we notice or believe that users are engaged in:
So, how can you be a power user?
Thanks for reading our community guidelines.  Please read the full list of posting rules found in our site's Terms of Service.