By SAMEER SURI FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  19:37, 2 November 2024   |  Updated:  20:01, 2 November 2024   
 80
View  comments
Kim Kardashian draped her pert posterior in a flowy dressing gown on the set of her upcoming TV show All's Fair.
All's Fair is an upcoming Hulu series from Ryan Murphy, who launched Kim's acting career by casting her as a talent agent on his TV juggernaut American Horror Story.
Now Kim, who is executive producing All's Fair with Ryan and her mother Kris Jenner, is playing one member of an all-female team of divorce lawyers.
The 44-year-old television icon is joined by a formidable array of actresses, including Naomi Watts, Glenn Close, Sarah Paulson and Niecy Nash.
When Kim was glimpsed on set over the weekend, she had not yet gotten into costume, but her hair and makeup process was evidently well underway. 
Kim Kardashian draped her pert posterior in a flowy dressing gown on the set of her upcoming TV show All's Fair
Her dark locks were teased elegantly into a slightly flipped bob, and her unmistakable features were emphasized with contouring.
Kim's look was jazzed up with a touch of sparkle in the form of a subtle pair of earrings, framing her luminous complexion.
Her latest on-set sighting comes after she posted a string of heartwarming selfies with her co-stars Sarah, Naomi, Glenn and Niecy.
In one of the pictures she uploaded to Instagram last month, Kim could be seen sharing an uproarious laugh with her fellow actresses. 
Another picture showed Kim pulling her world-famous pout for the camera, as the cast members were joined by none other than Ryan himself. 
They were all gathered in front of a classical-style statue of a male nude whose manhood was missing - presumably a set-piece for the show.
Four days earlier, Kim was seen on set of All's Fair for the very first time, courtesy of an Instagram post uploaded by Niecy.
In Niecy's pictures, she, Kim and Glenn all struck playful disco poses together while modeling matching sets of black pajamas from Kim's shapewear line SKIMS.
All's Fair is an upcoming Hulu series from Ryan Murphy , who launched Kim's acting career by casting her as a talent agent on his TV juggernaut American Horror Story
Her latest on-set sighting comes after she posted a string of heartwarming selfies with her co-stars (from left) Sarah Paulson, Naomi Watts, Glenn Close and Niecy Nash
Four days earlier, Kim was seen on set of All's Fair for the very first time, courtesy of an Instagram post uploaded by Niecy that also featured Glenn 
'This is what happens when our leading lady @kimkardashian gifts our cast @skims It's a Pajama Party on the set of #All'sFair with the icon @glennclose,' Niecy gushed in her caption, adding: 'Thank you Kimberly.'
Halle Berry was previously announced as a cast member on All's Fair, but had to drop out of the project just days later because of a scheduling conflict. 
The show is rumored to be partly inspired by hotshot Hollywood divorce lawyer Laura Wasser, who represented Kim in the dissolution of her marriages to basketball heartthrob Kris Humphries and rap icon Kanye West. 
All's Fair is being created by Jon Robin Baitz and Joe Baken, who previously co-created the FX series Grotesquerie alongside Ryan.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group