The rising Dallas act is quickly winning over fans and notable figures in the industry. 

							By 

	Marc Griffin

Staff Writer, News

Kanye West says 4Batz is his new favorite artist out right now. On Tuesday (Jan. 30), Ye was approached by a paparazzi who asked him about some musicians he was currently feeling. “Any artist out here that’s impressing you right now that are coming up?” they could be heard saying.” The controversial legend took a little time to think about it and staunchly replied, “4Batz.”

	The Dallas R&B singer has been getting a ton of attention for his sound. Batz’s hard street exterior juxtaposes his sweet, sincere delivery. The contrast noticeably took fans across social media aback, but they have taken a liking to the rising musician. 

	










	4Batz currently has only two songs on digital streaming platforms. “Act I: Stickerz ’99′” was released on June 27, 2023, and “Act II: date @ 8” dropped on Dec. 15, 2023. Videos for the songs gave the artist the momentum he needed, though. He then did From The Block performances from both songs, which caused him to go viral.
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Ye's Former Manager Free Maiden Shoots Down Extortion Accusations		
			






Paparazzi: Any artist out here that’s impressing you right now that are coming up Kanye: 4Batz Damn, 4Batz won ??? pic.twitter.com/L1i3yXpzc8

	In mid-January, he then posted his current crowning achievement: a call from Ye. 4Batz posted a picture of himself on Facetime with West to his Instagram. He also attached a video to the carousel showing him receiving free game from the Chicago musician. “I was just sleeping onna floor, n now I’m onna phone wit ye yall ni**as can’t tell me nun,” he typed, celebrating his feat.

	A slew of other celebrities quickly flocked to the Texas artists’ comment section. Figures like Yesjulz, Timbaland, FunnyMarco, Ty Dolla $ign, Dymez-a-Duzin, and more commented, showing him love with an assortment of approving emojis.

	The artist is currently gearing up to drop another single entitled “Act III: On God?” 4Batz teased the song on his IG in early January and gave a sneak peek at the music video. His 24-second long preview showed off the singer’s night in New York City. Audiences can also hear Batz singing about an unnamed woman. “She like, ‘Boy go find someone, find someone you love’/ Girl, I can’t find no one, ‘cus you’re the one I love/ You don’t understand, it’s so hard to trust/ She like, ‘You not the one, you didn’t give me enough’/ She knows—” he sings, before the video ends.

	










	There is currently no release date for “Act III: On God?”
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.