When a producer filed a sex trafficking lawsuit against Sean “Diddy” Combs last month, it wasn’t obvious that a British royal might be named in it. But on Tuesday, the Daily Mail broke the news that a $30 million lawsuit filed by Rodney “Lil Rod” Jones mentions Prince Harry as an example of someone whose “affiliation” with Combs “gave him legitimacy.” Combs has denied all allegations.
In their article, the Mail reprints the paragraph that mentions the prince, and claims that it appears on page 63 of the original suit. It mentions that “famous athletes, political figures, artist [sic], musicians, and international dignitaries” are among the groups who have associated with Combs, but only mentions Harry by name. There is no suggestion that Harry had any knowledge of the suit’s allegations, was implicated, or is a defendant.
A lawyer for Jones did not immediately return Vanity Fair’s request for comment.
In their article, the Mail features a 2007 photo showing Harry alongside Combs and Kanye West at an after-party for the Concert for Diana, a charity concert at London’s Wembley Stadium before the 10th anniversary of Princess Diana’s death. Harry and Prince William both hosted the Concert for Diana and opened the event with a short speech that thanked the 63,000 audience members for their support. Twenty-seven musical acts performed over the course of six hours, interspersed with 17 more speakers. Combs performed his hit “I’ll Be Missing You,” which was previously featured on a 1997 tribute album dedicated to Diana, alongside songs by Queen, George Michael, Michael Jackson, Whitney Houston, Elton John, and the Spice Girls.
Combs later mentioned Harry’s name again in interviews with more than one UK-based outlet. “I’m also hoping I’ll get to catch up with Prince Harry while I’m there. He’s such a cool guy and it’s about time we hung out,” he told The Sun in 2012. “I need him to take me to some of those wild Mayfair clubs!” 
In a 2011 interview with talk show host Graham Norton, Combs seemed to imply that Harry and William were once invited to his parties. The brothers do not appear to have ever attended any further events with the music mogul. The Telegraph reports that Harry only met the musician once and has never attended any other concerts or parties with him.
How Miriam Adelson Went From Big MAGA Winner to Casino Loser in Trump’s First 100 Days
The Truth Underlying Pete Hegseth’s Job Security
“It’s About Him”: How Trump Is Perverting the Presidential Photo Stream
Inside the Case of Kim Kardashian’s Paris Robbery
How Sebastian Stan Became Hollywood’s Most Daring Shape-Shifter
The Ballad of Bill Belichick and Jordon Hudson
Juilliard Is Going Tuition-Free
Elon Musk’s Breeding Spree Is So Much Wilder Than You Thought
Every Quentin Tarantino Movie, Ranked
Meet Elon Musk’s 14 Children and Their Mothers (Whom We Know of)
From the Archive: Sinatra and the Mob
More from Vanity Fair
Contact
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Vanity Fair may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
CN Entertainment