ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT
The 
    
      Rochester Branch of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP)
    
       announced the upcoming launch of a new program in Rochester, Minnesota called the Afro-Academic, Cultural, Technological, and Scientific Olympics (ACT-SO). 
    
      ACT-SO,
    
       an initiative of the NAACP was founded in 1978 by the renowned author and journalist Vernon Jarrett and is rooted in the belief that Black/African Americans can excel at the highest levels in various fields when provided with the right support. Often referred to as the "Olympics of the Mind," ACT-SO aims to recruit, stimulate, improve, and encourage high academic and cultural achievements among high school students. According to Lancet Public Health and the National Center for Health Statistics, education is a neglected social determinant of health that is also intrinsically linked to well-being. ACT-SO is a yearlong program with competitions in STEM, humanities, business, and performing, visual, and culinary arts. It provides a platform for Black/African American students to highlight their educational capabilities, receiving recognition comparable to entertainers and athletes. The enrichment program also supports students collaborating with local volunteers, mentors, and organizations to develop projects and participate in workshops, tutorials, and field trips.
The ACT-SO program launch was given a significant $75k boost by Mayo Clinic through the 2023 Mayo Clinic Commitment Against Racism Grant for community non-profit organizations. Walé Elegbede, President of the Rochester Branch of the NAACP, said “We are most appreciative of this fantastic support provided by Mayo Clinic, which is yet another example of Mayo Clinic making important investments in our community in support of Equity, Inclusion, and Diversity, which benefits the entire community at large, and tackles social determinants of health.”
ADVERTISEMENT
Elegbede further added "As we commemorate the life and legacy of Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King. Jr, it is also important to remember that he was passionate about education and in 1947 served as a committee chair of the NAACP Youth Council. ACT-SO is an impactful program as it motivates students to enhance their abilities in various fields. The program enables us cultivate and preserve local talent and foster a vibrant community which supports effort for our community to become a global destination for health and wellness."
Elegbede also pointed out “some of the famous ACT-SO alumni and winners nationwide are individuals like Anthony Anderson, a well-known actor/comedian recognized for his leading roles in comedy series such as Black-ish; Kanye West; Jada Pinkett-Smith; and Ronald Demon, a scientist and inventor who clinched a Gold medal in a local ACT-SO competition, before he pursued studies at MIT and went on to invent an innovative athletic smart shoe that featured cushion support that automatically adapted to the wearer's foot shape and the specific manner in which the shoe was utilized at any given time.”
The Rochester Branch of the NAACP will engage partners and collaborators in ACT-SO such as Mayo Clinic, Rochester Public Schools, University of Minnesota Rochester, Rochester Community Technical College, RAEDI. The Rochester Branch of the NAACP is also seeking support from others. Interested organizations and individuals can 
    
      sign up online
    
      . ACT-SO also 
    
      provides parents with excellent opportunities to get involved
    
       and help cultivate the gifts and talents of their budding stars. The Rochester Branch of the NAACP will also be 
    
      seeking additional funding of $25k
    
       from community and corporate sponsors to achieve their targeted goal for the year.
The Rochester Branch of the NAACP aims to achieve the following objectives:
ACT-SO’s enrichment program supports students collaborating with local volunteers, mentors, and organizations to develop projects and participate in workshops, tutorials, and field trips.All students of African descent enrolled in grades 9-12 and who are amateurs in ACT-SO competition categories are eligible to participate as defined by the National NAACP Office. Local winners of the Rochester Branch NAACP’s ACT-SO competition will receive prizes, and gold medalists will have travel expenses paid to the National NAACP competition, where they will have the chance to also receive scholarships and other rewards from national sponsors.
Finalists at the national level will be awarded medals and cash prizes in each of the 29 categories.
ADVERTISEMENT