By ISHITA SRIVASTAVA FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  05:41, 18 April 2024   |  Updated:  14:14, 18 April 2024   
 957
View  comments
Rapper Kanye West has been accused of punching a man in the face after he allegedly sexually assaulted and inappropriately touched his wife in Los Angeles.
Kanye, 46, allegedly hit the unnamed male, who the Los Angeles Police Department said in a battery report first 'pushed or grabbed' his wife, Bianca Censori. 
But the rapper's team told DailyMail.com that Bianca wasn't merely pushed during the ordeal. Instead, they claim she was sexually assaulted by the random man - who put his hands under her dress, grabbed her waist, and blew her kisses. 
In retaliation, Kanye punched him, according to the LAPD report obtained by TMZ. 
The unnamed man did not require treatment for injuries, but filed the battery report with police following the ordeal on Tuesday night. Kanye and Bianca allegedly fled the scene.
According to TMZ, Kanye West is being investigated for allegedly punching a man in the face after the unknown male supposedly pushed or grabbed his wife, Bianca Censori 
Kanye West and Bianca Censori are seen on May 13, 2023 in Los Angeles, California
Kanye's representatives told DailyMail.com: '"Grabbed" is grossly inadequate as a description of what happened. Bianca was physically assaulted. 
'The assailant didn't merely collide into her. 
'He put his hands under her dress, directly on her body, he grabbed her waist, he spun her around, and then he blew her kisses. 
'She was battered and sexually assaulted.' 
The ordeal allegedly happened on Tuesday night - just hours after Bianca was seen walking barefoot in Disneyland California along with the father-of-four. 
The Australian architect, 29, raised eyebrows this week after she made a surprise appearance at the amusement park alongside her rapper husband.
While Bianca was covered up far more than usual, she did manage to cause a stir by partially wrapping up her bare feet and ankles with bandages. 
Critics have since questioned how Bianca was able to enter the park, given that Disneyland's official rules prohibit guests from wearing 'inappropriate' clothing.
'Proper attire, including shoes and shirts, must be worn at all times,' Disneyland's Guest Courtesy and Attire Policies state. 
Bianca was allegedly sexually assaulted, according to Kanye West's team
Since their relationship began, Bianca has stepped out in numerous risque outfits
Kanye West exhibits a moment of chivalry, holding the door open for his wife Bianca Censori as they exit the studio together
In January 2023, Kanye West was reportedly named a suspect in a battery investigation after the rapper allegedly snatched a cellphone belonging to a woman and threw it
Lashing out online, one user wrote: 'Why didn’t Disney refuse entry? She is not suitably attired for a family environment'
According to the rules, Disneyland 'reserves the right to 'deny admission to or remove any person wearing attire' that the company considers inappropriate.
Lashing out online, one user wrote: 'Why didn’t Disney refuse entry? She is not suitably attired for a family environment.'
'I got told off by a member of staff in Disneyworld Florida for walking barefoot in a rainstorm (trying to save my leather sandals). One rule for some...' another raged.
Yet another questioned: 'Why is [Bianca] allowed in there with no shoes? I think others should take their shoes off today and see how many get escorted out,' another added.
They continued: 'I’ve seen articles of girls getting escorted out because their shorts were too short or they were wearing a tank top. Why aren’t people confronting these two and making their own stand?' 
Videos capturing Kanye and Bianca strolling around Disneyland showed him swapping out his now-standard all-black outfit for a brilliant white hoodie and baggy eggshell pants and didn't appear to feature any of his four children from his marriage to ex-wife Kim Kardashian.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group