Rita Moreno used the oldest trick in the book to infuriate her cheating ex with the help of Elvis Presley.
The 92-year-old Puerto Rican actress, who recently opened up about the death of her husband, sat down for a chat with People ahead of her upcoming role in The Prank, which is set for release on March 15.
During the chat, Rita detailed her brief fling with the King of Rock and Roll and the opportunity came about.
"Elvis Presley is another whole story," Rita began, as she explained her situation with her former boyfriend Marlon Brando at the time.
"He wasn't necessarily going with me, but I was going with him. You know what I mean?" admitted.
Read more: Bruce Willis’ wife Emma left ‘triggered’ as she insists he still feels 'joy' in dementia
"I found one day some lady's lingerie in his house and I went home weeping and crying and so hurt and furious and I thought, 'I never want to see him again,'" she continued.
"But I knew I didn't mean that. I was really just absolutely crushed. Not only crushed but I was his slave. I just adored and worshiped him is more like it," Rita admitted.
But things all changed when she got a very important call from Colonel Tom Parker, who managed Elvis.
Speaking in a southern accent, Rita recalled: "Turns out Elvis saw you with the commissary of the 20th Century Fox.
Don’t miss: 
Katy Perry puts on cheeky display as she flashes G-string in bizarre outfit for LA event [PICTURES]
The Bachelor Season 28 finale spoilers unveil much spoken about 'unprecedented' twist [LATEST]
Ozzy and Sharon Osbourne drop firm warning to Kanye West: 'Don't want to be associated!' [REVEALED]
We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy
"He liked what he saw and he would like very much to meet you. Would you like to meet him?"
She paused before giving her answer as she remembered what she was feeling at that moment: "I saw the underwear and I said yes."
In December 2021, the Oscar winner also opened up about the experience during an appearance on The View, when she was asked about Marlon "constantly" cheating on her during their on-and-off eight-year relationship.
Moreno said that she "dated [Elvis] several times" and that she found him to be "sweet but boring."
Get all the latest news, entertainment, sport and lifestyle updates from our dedicated American team.
Follow Daily Express US on Facebook and Twitter @ExpressUSNews
SEARCH
CONNECT WITH US
TODAY'S PAPER
 See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive.
EXPRESS.CO.UK
Daily Express uses notifications to keep you updated