The lawsuit also accuses the embattled figure of racism, antisemitism, and a hostile work environment. 

							By 

	Marc Griffin

Staff Writer, News

Kanye West is being sued by a former Donda Academy employee. Rolling Stone reports that Trevor Phillips and other former employees filed the suit on Tuesday (April 2) in Los Angeles. 

	Phillips alleges that the embattled star discriminated against Black staff members and threatened to “cage” students. The document shared disturbing particulars about what working for Ye is like. Details describe an unhinged and unpredictable environment, with one incident finding West allegedly pretending to masturbate to The Batman on mute. The claim reads, “[Ye] began to make slow up and down motions with his hand just above his genitals as though he was masturbating.”

	










	Phillips claims to have worked at the school for nine months. During this time, Trevor, who is Black, claimed that Ye treated Black employees harsher than their white counterparts. “[Kanye West] treated the Black staff considerably worse than white employees,” the document reads. “[He] screams and berates Black employees, while never even as much raising his tone at the white staff.” Phillips’ document also states that he suffered “incessant harassment” and “humiliation” when he pressed Ye about his grievances.
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Ye's Former Manager Free Maiden Shoots Down Extortion Accusations		
			







	“After a long and awkward silence, Kanye finally spoke again,” the suit claims. “Turning his attention back to Phillips, he began an unprovoked and bigoted rant attacking Jewish people… Kanye’s ill-will towards the plaintiff ultimately culminated in a vulgar lashing in front of schoolchildren and their parents. Kanye even threatened Phillips with physical violence.” 

	The document also points out that the alleged toxicity was pointed at the students. Ye allegedly repeated his “dangerous rhetoric,” stating that he wanted to “shave [the student’s] heads and that he intended to put a jail at the school – and that they could be locked in cages,” the suit reads.

	Trevor Phillips is seeking at least $35,000 for “whistleblower retaliation,” workplace discrimination based on race, and more. 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.