Prince Harry and Meghan Markle did not attend this year's Grammy Awards - after getting a rough ride last time out.
Taylor Swift made history by taking home a fourth best album award on Sunday night, while Kylie Minogue and Billie Eilish also got their hands on trophies.
It's thought that Harry and Meghan may have been avoiding the event due to fears of being the butt of host Trevor Noah's jokes again.
Instead, they may have preferred to spend a quiet evening with their two children, Prince Archie and Princess Lilibet.
The Daily Show presenter, who has hosted the music industry's biggest night for the past four years, made a gag at their expense back in 2023.
READ MORE: Taylor Swift steals the show on Grammys red carpet and fans have big announcement theory
Last year, after Prince Harry's memoir Spare was released, Trevor made a joke about a story in the book where Harry revealed he had frostbite on his private parts during a North Pole trip in 2011.
While introducing fellow Brit and funnyman James Corden at the Crypto.com Arena, Trevor told the star-studded audience: "(He) is living proof that a man can move from London to L.A. and not tell everyone about his frostbitten penis."
Just before making this joke about the Sussexes, Trevor was a guest on Meghan's Spotify podcast Archetypes.
This turned out to be her last show as it was cancelled when their deal with Spotify fell through. During the chat, Trevor talked about his mum Patricia and what she taught him growing up.
Don't miss:P Diddy won’t be appearing at the Grammys after sexual assault allegations [REPORT]Kanye West could have ‘new dynamic’ with Bianca after Instagram wipe [EXPERT]Taylor Swift fans convinced announcement coming soon after social media change [THEORY]
We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy
"I remember my mom saying to me when I was very young, she said; 'Remember, you can be the head of your household as a man without earning a cent more than your woman, you can earn nothing," he shared.
"Being a man has nothing to do with how you wield your power in the household. It's just how you fulfil your role."
His chat on her podcast made waves when he spoke out against King Charles and slammed colonialism on The Daily Show.
He remarked: "You can say 'hey, this is my queen, I still love what she represents.'"
He added that not everyone has to follow suit, saying, "That's your queen but don't expect everybody else to now adopt... because basically what you're doing is recolonizing the people and saying 'this is who you support, this is who you cheer for.' No, you do your mourning and they'll live their lives."
SEARCH
CONNECT WITH US
TODAY'S PAPER
 See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive.
EXPRESS.CO.UK
Daily Express uses notifications to keep you updated