Australian model Bianca Censori, wife of controversial rapper Kanye West, left nothing to the imagination in her most revealing look yet, after months of wildly revealing outfits.
The 29-year-old architect, who married Kanye, 49, in 2022, was spotted on her way out of Melrose Tanning Company salon in LA in a mesh, long-sleeved top that gave a full view of her breasts in a new experimental, braless, style.
The X-rated outfit was topped off with some small beige underwear, a pair of dainty heels and a cargo print cap (a firm favourite in her collection).
Although Bianca is well known for her boundary-pushing wardrobe, the eye-catching outfit appears to be her riskiest one yet.
California penal code 314(1) criminalises indecent exposure (wilfully exposing your genitals) when it has the intent of sexual gratification or to offend the other person. 
The maximum penalty is six months in county jail, a fine of up to $1,000, and mandatory registration as a sex offender for at least ten years.
Although Bianca seemed more than happy minding her own business as she promptly went from her salon treatment into her car.
If she did find herself in hot water, it wouldn’t be the first time: during a ride on a taxi boat in Venice last year, the Grammy-winning artist was pictured with his trousers down and bum exposed in what appeared to be a compromising position, with his wife crouched down between his legs.
Their scandalous Italian holiday prompted the Florence tourism board to issue a warning.
‘I’d like to remind Kanye and his wife that they have broken the code of Enjoy and Respect Florence,’ the board told MailOnline at the time, adding: ‘Italy is not that kind of place.’
Meanwhile, the provocative couple sparked outrage when Bianca rocked up on a plane in Japan earlier this year wearing a sheer body suit that left her entire bottom half exposed.
Once more, Kanye was nearly fully clothed. 
This new look, however, is even a step further than her last head-turning outfit earlier this month in which she was seen in a barely-there silver bra top and high-waisted nude knickers, and her usual cap. 
At the time, Bianca was dining out with the Stronger chart-topper who, in sharp contrast, was wearing a grey hoodie, shorts and sunglasses and people on social media had strong reactions.
One restaurant owner wrote they would refuse entry, while another agreed the outfit was ‘totally inappropriate,’ according to the MailOnline. 
During Paris Fashion Week last month, the couple raised eyebrows after one of Bianca’s risqué looks seemed to fall apart while she was still wearing it. 
Her skimpy beige outfit appeared to be made up of long strips of tape that left her nipples covered but the rest of her breasts exposed. As keen-eyed fans were quick to point out, the tape was starting to peel away.
During the same trip, Kanye reportedly invited around 30 guests to a private apartment in the city and splurged $40,000 (£31,600) on drinks alone.
According to a recent anonymous source, Kanye (who also goes by Ye) has a ‘set of rules’ for Bianca and instructs her on what to wear and to ‘never speak’. 
‘She has no mind of her own anymore and obeys him because he has convinced her that they are royal,’ the source shared with the Daily Mail. 
The Yeezy owner made headlines of his own last in early July after expressing his desire to retire from the music industry. 
In now-deleted posts, Fellow musician Rich The Kid shared a text message exchange between him and Kanye in which Rich tried to convince him out of his plans.
The American artist – who shares four children with his ex-wife Kim Kardashian – has won 24 Grammys over his career and released 10 studio albums.
Got a story?
If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.
Arrow
MORE: Celebrity Big Brother star reveals results of nose job two weeks after plastic surgery
Arrow
MORE: A-list Hollywood actor says he may run for political office
Arrow
MORE: Jack Black called ‘spineless’ after cancelling Tenacious D tour following bandmate’s Trump comment