By BRIAN MARKS FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  02:58, 20 September 2024   |  Updated:  06:38, 20 September 2024   
 19
View  comments
Amber Rose and Iman Shumpert had a surprising seaside get-together on Wednesday in Miami.
Amber, 40, and Iman, 34, could be seen grinning as they caught up during a chat on lounge chairs, and they stripped down to their swimsuits for a dip in the Atlantic Ocean.
But despite their chummy appearance, sources told TMZ on Thursday that the beach date was purely platonic, as the two are just friends.
According to the sources, Amber and Iman have remained close friends ever since they appeared on the BET reality series College Hill: Celebrity Edition last year.
The unexpected outing comes as the former NBA player has been involved in a messy split from the singer Teyana Taylor, 33, with whom he shares two young daughters: eight-year-old Iman 'Junie' Tayla and four-year-old Rue Rose.
Amber Rose and Iman Shumpert had a surprising seaside get-together on Wednesday in Miami. Amber, 40, and Iman, 34, could be seen grinning as they caught up during a chat on lounge chairs, and they stripped down to their swimsuits for a dip in the Atlantic Ocean
But despite their chummy appearance, sources told TMZ on Thursday that the beach date was purely platonic, as the two are just friends
Amber was dressed for the beach in a one-piece black halter swimsuit that contrasted with her bleached-blond buzz cut.
The suit featured a plunging neckline, while the high-cut button put the spotlight on her legs.
The Los Angeles SlutWalk founder-turned-Trump supporter matched her suit with a set of chunky black sunglasses, along with a small black quilted Chanel handbag.
She also carried what looked like a thick strand of pearls with her, and she added some sparkle with gold hoop earrings.
Despite the fact that she was on the sand for an extended period, Amber could be seen carrying a pair of black heels with particularly thin stiletto heels that didn't suit the terrain.
Iman was dressed more casually in a set of beige swim trunks.
After some time by the water, he draped a white towel over his head and slung a black bag over his shoulder while carrying his white high-top sneakers at his side.
The former athlete appeared to be taking a call as he walked next to Amber back toward their lounge chairs.
Amber was dressed for the beach in a one-piece black halter swimsuit that contrasted with her bleached-blond buzz cut
The suit featured a plunging neckline, while the high-cut button put the spotlight on her legs
The Los Angeles SlutWalk founder-turned-Trump supporter matched her suit with a set of chunky black sunglasses, along with a small black quilted Chanel handbag
She also carried what looked like a thick strand of pearls with her, and she added some sparkle with gold hoop earrings
Despite the fact that she was on the sand for an extended period, Amber could be seen carrying a pair of black heels with particularly thin stiletto heels that didn't suit the terrain
Iman was dressed more casually in a set of beige swim trunks. After some time by the water, he draped a white towel over his head and slung a black bag over his shoulder while carrying his white high-top sneakers at his side
Iman wore an unusual necklace decorated with a variety of oddly shaped silver zipper pulls, and he sported a nose ring as well
Back at the beach chairs, the two lounged next to each other under umbrellas so as not to get too toasty in the sun
The two appeared to be smoking, and at one point Iman was pictured as he seemed to offer a pack of cigarettes to the ex-girlfriend of Kanye West
They seemed to be in high spirits, and Iman stretched out in his chair as Amber turned on her side to face him and showed off a wide grin
Iman wore an unusual necklace decorated with a variety of oddly shaped silver zipper pulls, and he sported a nose ring as well.
Back at the beach chairs, the two lounged next to each other under umbrellas so as not to get too toasty in the sun.
The two appeared to be smoking, and at one point Iman was pictured as he seemed to offer a pack of cigarettes to the ex-girlfriend of Kanye West.
They seemed to be in high spirits, and Iman stretched out in his chair as Amber turned on her side to face him and showed off a wide grin.
Another female friend in a bikini joined them at one point, and other male pals also seemed to be conversing with them from neighboring beach chairs.
Iman moved to the edge of his chair to face the others and Amber at the same time.
He and the model first got close during the filming of the BET reality series College Hill: Celebrity Edition, which was a spinoff of the networks reality show College Hill.
The celebrity-focused version included a group of stars who were filmed in 2022 as they attended Alabama State University in Montgomery, Alabama, and they lived together during their time at the school.
They appeared on the second season, which aired in 2023 and featured Tiffany Pollard, Joseline Hernandez, O'Ryan, Kwaylon 'Kway' Rogers and Parker McKenna Posey, along with Ray J, who was returning after previously starring in the first season.
According to TMZ's sources, the two developed a friendship during their time living together with the group, and they have reportedly stayed close ever since the end of their season. 
Despite the odd timing of the outing, which comes amid Iman's nasty split from Teyana, the sources emphasized that the two have been and still are just friends, though both are now single. 
Earlier in June, the basketball player and his singer ex faced a setback in court as they were approaching a deadline to finalize their divorce settlement.
However, days later The Jasmine Brand reported that the two had agreed on a settlement, allowing the divorce to be finalized. 
Another female friend in a bikini joined them at one point, and other male pals also seemed to be conversing with them from neighboring beach chairs
Iman moved to the edge of his chair to face the others and Amber at the same time
He and the model first got close during the filming of the BET reality series College Hill: Celebrity Edition, which was a spinoff of the networks reality show College Hill
The celebrity-focused version included a group of stars who were filmed in 2022 as they attended Alabama State University in Montgomery, Alabama, and they lived together during their time at the school
They appeared on the second season, which aired in 2023 and featured Tiffany Pollard, Joseline Hernandez, O'Ryan, Kwaylon 'Kway' Rogers and Parker McKenna Posey, along with Ray J, who was returning after previously starring in the first season
According to TMZ's sources, the two developed a friendship during their time living together with the group, and they have reportedly stayed close ever since the end of their season
Despite the odd timing of the outing, which comes amid Iman's nasty split from Teyana, the sources emphasized that the two have been and still are just friends, though both are now single
Earlier in June, Iman reportedly finalized his divorce with Teyana Taylor. They share two young daughters: eight-year-old Iman 'Junie' Tayla and four-year-old Rue Rose; pictured together in 2021 in La
 Iman was ordered to pay the A Thousand And One star a seven-figure one-time payment as part of the settlmeent, along with $8,000 per month for child support. 
He's also required to pay the entire private school fees for their two daughters. 
However, Iman was able to keep his investments, as well as his condo in Miami and two homes in Georgia. 
The settlement reportedly allows Teyana to keep her companies and luxury items, and she will take over four of the couple's properties.
Head tattoo ruined her beautiful face 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group