By SHARON MAI FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  01:19, 20 April 2024   |  Updated:  01:23, 20 April 2024   
 158
View  comments
Kim Kardashian appears unbothered by the diss tracks released by Taylor Swift on Friday.
The reality TV star, 43, shared new posts of herself, seemingly unfazed, on Instagram after the singer, 34, dropped two apparent songs about her titled thanK you aIMee and Cassandra.
In one, she reposted a snap of herself enjoying a drink at a restaurant and sitting around a table with six of her gal pals alongside a caption with an infinity symbol that read: 'Luckiest.'
This comes after a source told DailyMail.com exclusively that the 'humiliated' star has no plans on responding out of 'fear' of Swift's fans — some of which are already spamming her Instagram posts with the song titles and lyrics.
Earlier in the day, Swift dropped a surprise double release with her highly anticipated 11th studio album, The Tortured Poets Department, which includes a song about a 'spray-tanned' bully and capital letters in the title spelling out her name.
Kim Kardashian appears unbothered by the diss tracks released by Taylor Swift on Friday. The reality TV star, 43, shared new posts of herself, seemingly unfazed, on Instagram after the singer, 34, dropped two apparent songs about her titled thanK you aIMee and Cassandra
In one, she reposted a snap of herself enjoying a drink at a restaurant and sitting around a table with six of her gal pals alongside a caption with an infinity symbol that read: 'Luckiest.' She was having fun and catching up with her childhood friends Zoe Emily Winkler, Allison Statter, Sarah Meyer Michaelson, Simone Harouche and Ash Kassan
As Swift's fans continue to flood her social media page with snake emojis, Kardashian also shared a sultry promotional clip for American Horror Story: Delicate Part 2. Over the clip, she wrote that the finale of the show — where she made her acting debut — 'nearly here' and will be premiering on FX on April 24 as well as available to stream on Hulu the following day
Some of the lyrics on thanK you aIMee even appear to be referencing The Kardashians star's children. 
Despite the drama, Kardashian reposted a group photo of herself having fun and catching up with her childhood friends Zoe Emily Winkler, Allison Statter, Sarah Meyer Michaelson, Simone Harouche and Ash Kassan.
As Swift's fans continue to flood her social media page with snake emojis, Kardashian also shared a sultry promotional clip for American Horror Story: Delicate Part 2.
Over the clip, she wrote that the finale of the show — where she made her acting debut — 'nearly here' and will be premiering on FX on April 24 as well as available to stream on Hulu the following day.
In the video, she modeled a black, crocodile-embossed halter top with her natural dark hair before transforming into a witchy, bleach blonde villain in a sexy, plunging bodysuit and gloves with dramatically long, creepy-looking fingers. 
Earlier on the same day, an insider exclusively told DailyMail.com that Swift left her former foe feeling 'humiliated' after reigniting their feud with the recently released diss track.
'Taylor has humiliated Kim, and she knows that there is nothing she can do about it,' the source revealed before adding that the reality star intends to stay silent out of fear of the Swifties.
'Kim got what she feared was coming to her eventually and is now backed in a corner because she knows Taylor's army will destroy her if she says anything,' the insider added. 
'She is going to stay silent and hopes it will go away,' the source continued. 'But her friends know that it has only just started.
In the video, she modeled a black, crocodile-embossed halter top with her natural dark hair
Then, she transformed into a witchy, bleach blonde villain in a sexy, plunging bodysuit and gloves with dramatically long, creepy-looking fingers
She posed with the costume gloves as well as an icy, platinum blonde wig, a bold red lip and spidery false lashes
This comes after a source told DailyMail.com exclusively that the 'humiliated' star has no plans on responding out of 'fear' of Swift's fans — some of which are already spamming her Instagram posts with the song titles and lyrics. Earlier in the day, Swift dropped a surprise double release with her highly anticipated 11th studio album, The Tortured Poets Department, which includes a song about a 'spray-tanned' bully and capital letters in the title spelling out her name
The Grammy-winning singer released a double album earlier in the day, which included two songs fans alleged call out Kardashian for their past feud involving Kanye West. In thanK you aIMee, there are lyrics that also seem to reference Kardashian and West's children
'Fans are already spamming her Instagram posts with 'thanK you aIMee.' The most malicious part of all of this is the song title. Taylor has done a lot of diss tracks but she has never named anyone that her songs are written for.
'There can be no other interpretation,' the insider added. 'It is spelled out and will last forever.'
The source also said Kardashian is 'aware of the pain' she caused to the Grammy winner, adding that she 'tried hard to make amends in recent years.'
However, the source said that 'she never did the one thing that she really needed to all along – simply apologize.'
The track thanK you aIMee centers on the singer's apparent dislike for a mean school girl she refers to as 'Aimee' — who fans believe is actually the SKIMS founder after Swift confirmed in the song that she changed the name of her antagonist.
In one line she sings: 'There's a bronze spray-tanned statue of you and a plaque underneath it / That threatens to push me down the stairs at our school.'
She also seems to references Kim's 10-year-old daughter North West dancing to her 2014 single Shake It Off on TikTok back in January and finding it ironic as the 'song is about you.'
In the track, Swift sings: 'And so I changed your name, and any real defining clues / And one day, your kid comes home singin' a song that only us two is gonna know is about you.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group