Robert F. Kennedy Jr. is reportedly considering making the New York Jets quarterback his running mate as RFK Jr. ramps up his campaign for President as an independent in 2024. 
Aaron Rodgers, Super Bowl-winning quarterback, returning New York Jets starter and … vice presidential candidate?
That latter seems like the oddest of titles, but it could become a reality based on recent odds. 
Robert F. Kennedy Jr. is reportedly considering making Rodgers his running mate as Kennedy ramps up his campaign for President as an independent in 2024. 
Rodgers is on a list of vice president options, according to a New York Times report, that includes former wrestler and former Minnesota governor Jesse Ventura. 
“We wanted somebody who was aligned with my values, optimistic about our country and its potential and able to run the country at a moment’s notice,” Kennedy said, according to CNN.
While the report says Kennedy is mulling over several candidates, an offshore sportsbook has made Rodgers the favorite at -150. Ventura is second at +140. 
Celebrity long shots with odds of +3300 and over to become RFK’s vice president include Kanye West, Matthew McConaughey, Jessica Biel, Nicki Minaj, and Charlie Sheen. 
Kennedy will have to name a running mate in order to get on the ballot in some U.S. states and will do so on March 26. He also needs to complete an expensive and lengthy signature collection process. 
Kennedy and Rodgers share similar views on several topics, which they’ve expressed on podcasts, and Kennedy said he and Rodgers speak “pretty continuously.” Maybe it’s not so far fetched after all.  
Of course, Rodgers hasn’t held a political office as the four-time MVP has been playing quarterback in the NFL since he was drafted by the Green Bay Packers in 2005. 
Rodgers won Super Bowl XLV and was selected to 10 Pro Bowls before leaving the Packers in 2023 to join the Jets. He suffered a season-ending injury in Week 1. 
He’s expected to lead the Jets this fall, but he could be on the campaign trail instead of the football field. 
Brad has been covering sports betting and iGaming industry news for Covers since 2023. He writes about a wide range of topics, including sportsbook insights, proposed legislation, regulator decision-making, state revenue reports, and online sports betting launches. Brad reported heavily on North Carolina’s legal push for and creation of online sportsbooks, appearing on numerous Tar Heel State radio and TV news shows for his insights.
Before joining Covers, Brad spent over 15 years as a reporter and editor, covering college sports for newspapers and websites while also hosting a radio show for seven years.

                    If you choose to make use of any information on this website including online sports betting services from any websites that may be featured on
                                this website, we strongly recommend that you carefully check your local laws before doing so.It is your sole responsibility to understand your local laws and observe them strictly.Covers does not provide
                                any advice or guidance as to the legality of online sports betting or other online gambling activities within your jurisdiction and you are responsible for complying with laws that are applicable to you in
                                your relevant locality.Covers disclaims all liability associated with your use of this website and use of any information contained on it.As a condition of using this website, you agree to hold the owner
                                of this website harmless from any claims arising from your use of any services on any third party website that may be featured by Covers.