Kanye West attends a game between the Washington Wizards and the Los Angeles Lakers in the fourth quarter at Crypto.com Arena on March 11, 2022 in Los Angeles, California.  NOTE TO USER: User expressly acknowledges and agrees that, by downloading and/or using this Photograph, user is consenting to the terms and conditions of the Getty Images License Agreement.
Kanye West's longtime Yeezy Chief of Staff, among a large group of other Yeezy employees, have left the company.
Milo Yiannopoulos, the Chief of Staff for nearly two years, tells gossip website TMZ Wednesday (May 15) that though he wishes Ye "every success in the future," he is concerned with his new team. 
(Photo by Lisa Maree Williams/Getty Images)
Yiannopoulos, 39, tells the gossip site he hopes that Ye, 46, "proceeds with caution." It's unclear who exactly might be a part of Kanye's new team. Yiannopoulos is a British far-right political commentator. He used to be an editor at right-wing website Breitbart, but stepped down in 2017 after videos surfaced showing him appearing to defend sexual relationships between men and boys as young as 13.
Milo shared a copy of his resignation letter with the gossip site, which exposes alleged major issues over the formation of "Yeezy Porn." In it, Milo states he cannot "be complicit in the production or dissemination of pornographic films and literature" for moral and religious reasons. 
Yiannopoulos states that at Yeezy, people involved in that kind of thing threaten his recovery as an addict, as well as risking his spiritual and physical health as a "former homosexual." He posted on his X (formerly Twitter) account his stats on his "sodomy clock," listing himself as being "ex-gay" for over three years.
The former Chief of Staff member told the gossip site that he would return to work for Kanye if this Yeezy Porn plan gets dropped. Additionally, other major staff members in the brand have exited in recent weeks. It is unclear if they have resigned because of the Yeezy Porn or something else.
The gossip site reported that the father of four has been in talks with porn star Stormy Daniels' ex-husband, Mike Moz, who is an adult film producer. Ye and Moz have apparently been in talks about creating a new porn business, which Moz said would be "unlike anything the industry's ever seen."
As we previously reported, Ye made the announcement on his social media account with a six-second video of a woman’s voice saying, “Go to Yeezy.com.” The video showed a white background with a message reading, “4 24 24 Yeezy Porn is c——-.”
A day later, he deactivated both his Instagram and X accounts. Many fans pointed out that he was contradicting himself by going into the adult film industry as an old post of his condemning porn in 2022 resurfaced. 
“The use of Porn destroyed my family but Jesus will heal everything,” he previously tweeted. Another tweet read, “Remove any and all forms of pornography from Twitter and every platform. Pornography is the product of [pedophilia]. When grown men look at porn they are watching someone’s daughter relive trauma for money.”
Ye has previously explained how his former porn addiction got started. Per the Daily Mail, he said, "For me, Playboy was my gateway into full-on pornography addiction. My dad had a Playboy left out at age five, and it’s affected almost every choice I made for the rest of my life."
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!