Kim Kardashian has been mistaken for Kanye West's new wife Bianca Censori.
The Kardashians stat has been accused of "morphing" into her ex-husband's new spouse. Kim, 43, was married to rapper Kanye, 46, from 2014 until 2021 and they have four children together; North, Saint, Chicago, and Psalm.
Their divorce was finalised in November 2022. Just weeks after the divorce, Kanye married 29-year-old Bianca, who used to work for his company YEEZY as the Head of Architecture. The Australian-born beauty is also a model.
READ MORE: Click for more brilliant Daily Star showbiz stories
READ MORE: Click for more brilliant Daily Star TV stories
Fans were shocked by how much Kanye's new wife looks like his ex-wife as Kim and Bianca both have similar facial features, dark hair and similar figures. Earlier this week, the two women were seen together at Kanye's concert supporting North - Kim and Kanye's eldest child.
They sat together and cheered on as 10 year old North took to the stage, reports the Mirror. The youngster sent fans into a frenzy after performing on stage with her siblings Psalm and Chicago, but all eyes seemed to be on Bianca and Kim as the two women sat beside one another for the occasion that was Kanye's Vultures listening party in San Fransisco, California.
Following Kim and Bianca's union at the event, the reality star has raised eyebrows with her latest Instagram post. On Thursday (March 14), Kim shared several snaps on social media from the beginning of the month when she attended Paris Fashion Week. The first snap Kim shared saw her almost suffer a wardrobe blunder, with the outfit she donned similar to what Bianca usually wears.
The SKIMS founder could be seen rocking a brown fur coat with nothing on underneath, with her seemingly ditching her bra and going braless. Not only did Kim seemingly ditch her bra and have her breasts covered by only the collar of the fluffy jacket, but she had her raven locks slicked back - like Bianca usually does - and she donned some huge sunglasses.
The low effort, high reward fitted dress has a scoop neck design with adjustable strap. Available in eight different colours
Fans were quick to point out how the look was very Bianca-coded. One person said in the comments section: "Bianca af," another then said: "You look like Bianca Censori here." While a third penned: "Looks like Kim looking like Bianca looking like Kim." A fourth person went on: "It's giving Bianca Censori." While a fifth said: "This time you're turning into Bianca." And a sixth added: "Bianca Censori is that you? ? ? ? ? ."
Want all the biggest Showbiz and TV news straight to your inbox? Sign up for our free Daily Star Showbiz newsletter
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.