One of the funniest (and only) roasts in years.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Everybody with a Netflix subscription has been granted some exclusive comedy anew thanks to the Netflix Is a Joke fest, with John Mulaney’s Everybody’s In L.A. going the whole nine yards (or six nights) in giving viewers a totally unique experience. But only one event could exist in just a single iteration: The Roast of Tom Brady, the live and 100% NSFW special aimed at the so-called GOAT of NFL-dom, with plenty of extra targets hit along the way.
And wow to the wow, right from the kickoff, host Kevin Hart got right to it, setting the bar lower than low before Roast Master Jeff Ross took everything down to Hell and back again. Unsurprisingly, a whole lot of downright awful jokes were made at not only Tom Brady’s expense — "Fuck you, Tom!" came close to catchphrase territory — but at the expense of everyone whose name came up during the event, which is already destined to be one of Netflix’s best stand-up specials, especially with a run-time that pushed three hours.
Let’s loosen the gloves and dive into some of the harshest jokes that were made during the night, from gags covering the timeline of Tom and Gisele Bündchen’s relationship to jokes about Rob Gronkowski’s intelligence to a comparison between Brady and some of history’s most notorious killers.
As soon as it was announced that Tom Brady would be the subject of a new celebrity Roast, the lineup of subject matter ripe for the pickin’ was pretty clear, and his soured relationship with ex-wife Gisele Bündchen, as well as co-parenting their children, would be on the table. But holy shit, that table was actually a butcher’s block the side of a small neighborhood.
Nobody pulled any punches when talking about Tom Brady leaving the New England Patriots for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, or his failed cryptocurrency efforts, but none of those barbs were nearly as razor-edged as the CONSTANT barrage of divorce jokes that Brady suffered throughout the night. While the kids themselves were mostly off-limits, the jiu-jitsu instructor Bündchen was seen with, so to speak, was very much on-limits. Check out some of the zingers below.
No stone left unturned, as they say, even if "they" definitely weren't talking about Tom Brady's relationship woes at the time. There were 100% moments where the Super Bowl GOAT looked ready to crawl under just such a rock, but thankfully kept his game face on and laughed throughout the majority of the vicious punchlines.
Kevin Hart proved himself to be quite the energetic Roast host, as he gleefully took on every imaginable kind of joke about his height and his movie choices, and also gave lots of props while also dishing out a multitude of clever jabs. (That got a bit more slurred as the night went on.) And he let audiences know exactly what kind of night we were in for just by him talking about the very building the event was being held in, the Kia Forum, and its history tied to not Tom Brady's sport of choice, but basketball. In Hart's words:
Your Daily Blend of Entertainment News
A lot of greatness has happened in this building. This is the home of the original Showtime Lakers, man, Jerry Buss. You know a lot of people actually don’t know the real reason behind the name ‘Showtime.’ It’s not because of, like, Magic and Kareem and their play. They called this place ‘Showtime’ because Jerry Buss used to show everybody his dick in this building. This was where Jerry Buss pulled his dick out. A lot of nasty shit has happened in this building. A lot of fucking has went down in the Forum. That’s what they called it. The Fucking Forum is what they called it. I wish I had a black light right now, I’d turn that bitch on so y’all could see all the cum stains you sittin’ on these nasty-ass seats. It’s a nasty place.
And before The Roast of Tom Brady could even hit the 20-minute mark, out came RoastMaster General Jeff Ross, wearing a flaming O.J. Simpson jersey and black gloves, even if he took both off after making this his blistering opening:
The Juice is loose tonight! If the gloves don't fit, you must talk shit! What's up, Patriots? I just came from Hell. Aaron Hernandez says hello. Yeah, muthafuckers, it's a Roast. And I had to dress like O.J., because I'm about to kill this white bitch right here! [points to Tom Brady]
That was followed by Kevin Hart joking about Jeff Ross only being angered by the O.J. Simpson scandal because a waiter was killed. Even Tom Brady had an O.J. joke late in the Roast when he ripped on Peyton Manning with a line about a white Bronco speeding down the 405. I can't say I expected those in particular, but that was just naivety on my part.
It’s always a delightful surprise whenever Will Ferrell brings Anchorman’s Ron Burgundy out for a sports-adjacent appearance. The character is where some of Ferrell’s most quotable lines came from, and he was certainly on-point after taking the stage at The Roast of Tom Brady, with the gag being that he kept complimenting Brady in spite of his innate hatred. But his big moment wasn’t a traditional insult, but rather the fact that he set up a nightmare scenario for the NFL vet and his fans, in which seemingly the entire crowd chanted out:
Eli Manning made Tom Brady his bitch!
The chant refers to the two Super Bowls where Tom Brady and the Patriots lost to Eli Manning and the New York Giants, and the bonkers plays that went into those victories. As a longtime NFL fan, especially one who recalls both of those Super Bowls quite fondly, this was one of the wildest things I've ever seen with my eyeballs and heard with my eyes. Props to everyone who took part.
Nothing is ever sacred when it comes to Roasts, and while past TV airings often cut out some of the most malicious comments, the live aspect of Netflix's special made that a no-go. And while I can't say for sure that jokes about NFL superstar-turned-murderer Aaron Hernandez and his in-prison suicide would have been cut from a Comedy Central telecast, for example, the number of them possibly would have been cut back.
But since we're already, we might as well point out a couple of pitch-black jabs that caused some of the biggest cringes of the night.
I mean, when even the dude's former buddy and quarterback is bringing those jokes to the special, with a healthy dose of tequila involved, then I guess all bets are off. But yeesh while giggling behind my hands all the same.
It was generally a highlight to see Ben Affleck taking the stage to get all Boston about shit, although I can't say I expected his presence to be an extended rant against social media trolls. That said, it was still kind of fun to watch it play out, as weird and 2014 as it was.
And if nothing else, the Oscar winner's presence gave Tom Brady a chance to invoke Kevin Smith by poking fun at Jersey Girl, Phantoms (yo), and Bat-fleck. What's the Venn diagram of Brady fanatics and Snyder-verse fanatics?
If someone only turned The Roast of Tom Brady on during certain moments of the special, one might easily be swayed into thinking Rob Gronkowski's intelligence was actually the target of everyone's prickly comments. Just about everyone took a swing at that broad side of the barn, and plenty of them were hilarious. (No props for some of the slurs used in those insults, nor during any of the gay jokes in this "locker room" though.) A few of the jabs that rose to the top:
Nearly as funny as the jokes made at Gronkowski's expense were the number of times the camera would turn to catch his and Kevin Hart's reactions, and the former tight end would look directly down the barrel of the lens. It happened so many times, I couldn't tell if it was him doing a bit, Office-style, or if he was only looking up because his name was said, and just happened to look into the camera 4 out of 5 times.
Seemingly any online debate will eventually arrive at the point where one side compares the other to Adolf Hitler, but longtime envelope-pushers Bert Kreischer and Tom Segura didn't even wait for an argument to ensue. They came to The Roast of Tom Brady with a visual-assisted presentation that, in part, compared the former quarterback to some of history's most notorious serial killers, such as that other good-looking T.B., Ted Bundy.
The apex was reached when, while standing in front of the image seen above, the two comedians dropped this double-dose of gobsmackers:
Understandably, this was one of a couple of points during the night when those on stage made sure to point out that the things being said were only jokes, and that they did not want to be harmed by others.
For a comedian whose entire career and persona are based in part on insult comedy, the onus was obviously on Tony Hinchcliffe to deliver the goods for his return to Netflix, which hosted his 2016 stand-up special One Shot. The comedian and podcaster absolutely slayed with every energetic pop that he delivered, with winning lines like those below (and others scattered elsewhere):
And of all the jokes about Jeff Ross' Jewishness that were voiced throughout the three hours, I was possibly most tickled by Hinchcliffe saying that Ross only watches football for the coin tosses. Not everything he says has to necessarily be vile in some way, although when it does...watch out.
Some wild AF jokes were made about New England Patriots owner Robert Kraft, specifically his alleged past dealings involving massage parlors and other topics, and former Patriots coach Bill Belichick also took on his fair share of shit-talk. But at no point did I think the twain should or would meet, but Kevin Hart made that happen by voicing into existence the former colleagues taking the stage to share a shot of booze.
Granted, Belichick did not look like he was super-pumped to be doing so, and left the stage as soon as humanly possible, but good on him for being cordial about it without throwing his shot glass down like Gronk did.
Even though the special featured all manner of A+ zingers about football, not even the world of professional wrestling went without a reference or two. Or at least one of its most successful superstars, Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson, whose history of joking with Kevin Hart and being the actor's BFF came up for a pair of hilariously NSFW jokes, as seen below:
To be expected, Kevin Hart lost his mind laughing at both of those, with Nikki Glaser taking a moment to extend her showmanship after making that comment, as one should after comparing another to a larger person's sex toy.
Having heard a near-unending line of hellacious opinions and insults thrown his way for the better part of three hours, Tom Brady was armed and dangerous whenever he finally took the stage again to close out the stellar special. Obviously a lot of his lines were prepared by others, but that's not important, since he was the one tipsily reading all those F-bombs for live audiences both in-arena and streaming from home.
And he did indeed get some of the night's big whoppers, which were aimed at Peyton Manning, Kanye West (who went unnamed), Drew Bledsoe and more, as evidenced by the below:
While I'm not sure if Tom Brady should ever take the stage for a televised stand-up special all on his own, this Netflix roast proves that he'd be a damned fine entrant in the line-up of roasters for whatever the next special is. Nothing has been announced during the rest of Netflix's 2024 schedule, but one can imagine if The Roast of Tom Brady is a big hit, then there will be more on the way sooner rather than later.
Nick is a Cajun Country native and an Assistant Managing Editor with a focus on TV and features. His humble origin story with CinemaBlend began all the way back in the pre-streaming era, circa 2009, as a freelancing DVD reviewer and TV recapper.  Nick leapfrogged over to the small screen to cover more and more television news and interviews, eventually taking over the section for the current era and covering topics like Yellowstone, The Walking Dead and horror. Born in Louisiana and currently living in Texas — Who Dat Nation over America’s Team all day, all night — Nick spent several years in the hospitality industry, and also worked as a 911 operator. If you ever happened to hear his music or read his comics/short stories, you have his sympathy.
'You Had Me At Jensen Ackles.' Fans Cannot Get Enough After Supernatural's Star Finally Shares First Look At His New Countdown Series
A Big Taylor Swift Milestone Quietly Came And Went In April
How To Watch The Walking Dead: Dead City Season 2 Online And Stream Return Of Zombie Drama Spin-Off

Cinemablend is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.