Lana Del Rey will return to Coachella music festival to kick off headline performances across the first weekend.
The Californian festival takes place over two weekends from April 12 to 14 and April 19 to 21 and will feature other headline performances from Tyler, The Creator; Doja Cat; and a No Doubt reunion with Gwen Stefani.
US singer Del Rey, who rose to fame in 2012 with Born To Die, will headline the Friday slot at the Empire Polo Club in Indio, California, having last appeared at the festival during her debut in 2014.
The Summertime Sadness star was scheduled to feature in the 2020 line-up, which was cancelled amid the Covid pandemic.
The 38-year-old hit the headlines last year after she arrived late for her performance at the BST Hyde Park festival in London, just weeks after her microphone was cut off at Glastonbury when her set overran because of her late arrival.
Coachella, renowned for attracting celebrities and influencers from across the world, will also see Friday performances from Mexican singer Peso Pluma, South Korean DJ and singer Peggy Gou and US star Sabrina Carpenter – who has just finished opening for Taylor Swift’s Eras tour.
British musical stars descending on the desert also include British DJ duo Anti Up and Gorgon City, MC and rapper Skepta, and indie pop star The Japanese House, real name Amber Bain.
A post shared by Suki Waterhouse (@sukiwaterhouse)
Daisy Jones And The Six star Suki Waterhouse, who recently gave birth to her first child with Twilight actor Robert Pattinson, is also billed to perform at the festival on Friday.
The British actress, model and singer confirmed she had given birth earlier this month by sharing a sun-kissed Polaroid of her cradling her child, who was wrapped in a blanket adorned with love hearts.
She later described having her first child as a “humbling” experience.
The return of Coachella comes after it ran into problems with headline acts over the last two years.
Last year, Frank Ocean pulled out of his second headline performance because of a leg injury, while Kanye West, also known as Ye, was due to headline in 2022 but the line-up was updated weeks before the event.

                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.