Kanye West has shared another bizarre video of his wife Bianca Censori after wiping his Instagram of every post amid backlash from fans.
The 46-year-old shared a clip of Bianca wearing a totally see-through catsuit made of a sheer black material with tiny straps and a scooped neckline. She wore the bodysuit with a pair of tall white boots that appeared to be covered in fluff.
Censori looked as though she had her brunette hair styled slick back from her face to show off her features as she posed in the middle of a bright white spotlight. The eerie video got even stranger as “clones” dressed like Bianca appeared to surround her from all angles.
READ MORE: Heidi Klum's daughter found star's raunchy 'sex drawer' filled to brim with adult toys
READ MORE: Julia Fox's outrageous outfits – dominatrix horse, condom corset and body bag
The lookalikes wore the same skimpy outfit as Censori as they circled the star. West’s most recent upload comes after the rapper recently deleted every post from his Instagram profile, a move which many celebrities use to drum up attention ahead of an upcoming project.
West was on a posting frenzy and recently shared a large number of pictures showing Censori wearing very skimpy outfits, including a sheer flesh-coloured bodysuit with a g-string back, a black latex hood and a swiftly-deleted clip of the architect without a bra.
A number of the NSFW snaps led fans to flock to the comment section and share their thoughts with the controversial rapper. Many messages of criticism were left, including one comment that read: “She’s giving American Horror Story vibes.”
Someone else said: “This s*** is disgusting bro,” while others slammed Kanye for the unusual posts which “creeped them out”. One of the uploads showed Bianca almost naked with her bottom half exposed as she stood in a kitchen displaying very skimpy underwear.
After all the criticism, West deleted all evidence of them from his profile, which boasts 19 million followers. It is important to note that the rapper has not given a public explanation as to why he cleared his Instagram page.
Recent claims have been made against the Bound 2 star for “isolating” Censori by banning her from posting on social media “for her own good”. An insider spoke to Daily Mail and said: “Bianca has always had social media and she was active on it until she married Kanye. He does want her to have it because he thinks that it will hurt her if she had to read the nasty things that people say.”
Have you joined Threads? Follow Daily Star to keep up to date on all things showbiz here
For more of the latest showbiz news from Daily Star, make sure you sign up to one of our newsletters here.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.