By
Chris Piner
Although country music welcomed stars like Lainey Wilson, Jelly Roll, and Hardy, it appears the genre is a hotbed for more than just lovers of country. With Beyonce dropping her debut country album, Cowboy Carter, the genre suddenly caught the eye of singers like Post Malone, who is weeks away from releasing his debut country album, F-1 Trillion. With Beyonce and Malone entering the genre with excitement from fans, it seems that Machine Gun Kelly (MGK) might be the next performer in line to dabble in country music. And there is no better way to break into the genre than with Jelly Roll by your side. 
Having collaborated with numerous country music singers, Jelly Roll somewhat shocked fans when MGK teased his upcoming song “Lonely Road.” Honoring the classic John Denver song “Take Me Home, Country Roads”, MGK worked with Jelly Roll on the song. Giving fans just a teaser of what to expect, MGK sings just a few words of the song while scenes from the music video fill the screen. 
A post shared by mgk (@machinegunkelly)
Gaining nearly 300,000 likes, fans discussed MGK jumping to country music with comments like, “So MGK is dropping a feature with Jelly Roll after Eminem dropped a feature with Jelly Roll.” Another person added, “Instant jaw drop, this is gonna be incredible i already knowwww it.”
[RELATED: The Meaning Behind “Somebody Save Me” by Eminem and Jelly Roll and Why the Rapper Is Apologizing to His Kids]
With the release of “Lonely Road”, happening on July 26, Jelly Roll continues to tour, with the singer recently performing in Canada. Excited to bring his music to other countries, the singer explained how much he loved the area. “Visiting Canada was an incredible experience. The people and the reception was more than I could have ever expected. And I am officially a fan of poutine. Taking that home with me.”
While loving Canada, nothing compared to the richness of Nashville. Jelly Roll insisted it was his favorite place to perform. “There is nothing like performing in Nashville. Playing the Bridgestone Arena two years ago and selling that out for the first time was a stand out. And playing Nissan Stadium with CMA Fest this year, thats an incredible feeling.”
(image via Instagram)
Only members can comment. Become a member. Already a member? Log in.
4 Songs with the Most Iconic Intros in Country Music
Watch Aerosmith’s Steven Tyler and Joe Perry Perform Together for the First Time in Two Years
Beyoncé Slapped With a Cease-And-Desist Over Tour Footage Involving the Las Vegas Sphere

			© 2025 American Songwriter			American Songwriter: a Savage Ventures Brand