By DEIRDRE DURKAN-SIMONDS and KEVIN KAYHART FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  22:12, 31 January 2024   |  Updated:  22:19, 31 January 2024   
 93
View  comments
Blueface's mother, Karlissa Saffold Harvey, voiced her disapproval over Chrisean Rock’s massive new face tattoo of her the rapper's mugshot. 
When asked about her reaction to the 23-year-old reality star's latest piece of ink,  Harvey said it looks 'absolutely f***ng crazy.'
'I really hope that it's fake because I don't want to feel like my son owes her, like he did for the other seven tattoos,' the Respect My Cryppin hitmaker's mom told TMZ. 
She continued: 'When he comes home, and wants to get his mind right, and position himself to not have to deal with all that.'
Blueface's mother, Karlissa Saffold Harvey, voiced her disapproval over Chrisean Rock’s massive new face tattoo of her the rapper's mugshot
Harvey also questioned Rock’s love for Blueface as she speculated that this was another antic to make him 'feel guilty' and 'obligated' to deal with her because 'no one else will.' 
As for what guidance she has for Rock, who is originally from Baltimore, Harvey admitted to being at a loss for words.
'I can't even tell her to go get Jesus 'cuz one day she's holier than thou, worshipping the Lord, then the next day she's asking for me to die,' Harvey explained.
She went on to quip: 'If I could give her any advice, it would be to find another family to play Fatal Attraction with. 'Cuz we're done with this.'
Blueface is currently in jail for more than six months after violating his probation. 
Over the weekend, Rock unveiled the tattoo drawn out on the right side of her face on Instagram. 
With her eyes almost completely shut, the rapper showcased the piece, which looks like a spot-on replica of Blueface (born Johnathan Jamall Porter), by remaining still for a few moments. 
The Baby Father Drama star (born Chrisean Eugenia Malone) also used the social media post as a show of support for the Holy Moly rapper, who's been back behind bars for a probation violation.
When asked about her reaction to the 23-year-old reality star's latest piece of ink, Harvey said it looks 'absolutely f***ng crazy'
'I really hope that it's fake because I don't want to feel like my son owes her, like he did for the other seven tattoos,' the Respect My Cryppin hitmaker's mom told TMZ (Rock pictured with  Blueface in 2022)
'#freeblueface free my Daddy I love you papa @bluefasebabyy,' Rock wrote in the caption, in a reference to him being arrested one again, in connection to a 2021 assault case. 
The new ink is situated right next to another one of Rock's tattoo tributes, which includes his birth name in bold cursive letters, just above her eyebrow.
TMZ also reported that Blueface's 'side chick' Bonnie, who was on his short-lived reality show Blue Girls Club, also got a large tat of Blueface. She opted to have it placed on her left butt cheek. 
Fans are again expressing their concern for Rock, considering she and Blueface have been known to have a toxic and abusive relationship, which has been chronicled by a number of publications like HNHH (Hot New Hip Hop).
A slew of people had been taking to her posts to share their concerns for her, especially in the wake of her announcement that she had moved back in with the Los Angeles native.
Many of them sounded like they were fed up with her latest token of affection, with some of them hoping that this was just a stunt to gain attention.
'I really pray this is fake,' one worried fan wrote that seemed to sum up the thoughts of others, while another follower posted, 'You ruined your face girl.'
Blueface's legal concerns started when he was arrested in November 2022 on charges of attempted murder in connection to a shooting in Las Vegas the previous month.
Over the weekend, Rock unveiled the tattoo drawn out on the right side of her face on Instagram 
The new Blueface face tattoo had a strong resemblance to the rapper's mugshot
Blueface (born Johnathan Jamall Porter) has been behind bars for a probation violation in connection to his assault case in Las Vegas in November 2022
After being imprisoned in the Clark County Detention Center, a judge sentenced him to nearly seven months in jail and three years probation the following October, with a possible two-to-five year prison sentence if he violates probation, as reported by Fox 11 Los Angeles
He previously pleaded guilty in October to charges related to a shooting outside at a Las Vegas strip club.
Record show his current release date is set for July 2, 2024. 
The Baddies star and the Chose Me rapper dated for about three years, beginning in 2020, until their split in 2023.
TMZ also reported that Blueface's 'side chick' Bonnie, who was on his short-lived reality show Blue Girls Club, also got a large tat of Blueface. She opted to have it placed on her left butt cheek
Rock and Blueface are the parents to son Chrisean Jesus Malone, Jr., who was born in September 2023; this is her first child and his third
During that time she went public and announced her pregnancy, and then gave birth to their son, whom they named Chrisean Jesus Malone, Jr.
Blueface signed Rock to his BluefaceLLC label after he witnessed how popular she had become with her OnlyFans platform.
In 2020, she released her debut single Lonely, a collaboration with the label head. 
Not long later, she released her popular tune Vibe, which has garnered over eight million streams on Spotify. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group