The Kidd Kraddick Morning Show

The Real Housewife working with Reese Witherspoon… Stay at Prince’s ‘Purple Rain’ house… Jelly Roll had a great weekend… Celebrity babies… and Taylor Swift skipped NFL game
At this past Emmys, Reese Witherspoon said she was on a flight with a Real Housewife when they struck up a conversation resulting in movie project. During one of her Amazon Live streams, Kyle Richards revealed that SHE is the mystery Housewife, but didn’t reveal the mystery project. Meantime, Kyle’s sister Kim has apparently relapsed. We just found out that earlier this month, Kim was acting incoherently at a Hilton hotel. Police were called, but Kim refused to leave, which resulted in her being hauled away in an ambulance and placed on a 5150 hold. When she was released, Kyle reportedly allowed Kim to stay in one of her properties, but when Kim refused to stay sober, Kyle kicked her out.
Kyle Richards of The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills has revealed herself as the star working with Reese Witherspoon on a mystery project https://t.co/QdmPO5C64O
In honor of the movie’s 40th anniversary, the childhood home of Prince’s character in Purple Rain is being offered as an Airbnb. Wendy and Lisa from The Revolution helped set the whole thing up. The house in Minneapolis has been transformed into a shrine to both the movie and the man himself. If you’re lucky enough to book it, you’ll get to listen to Prince’s personal tape collection, see the actual outfits he wore, and enjoy a music lounge with instruments. There’s also a secret door that leads to “a room filled with treasures.” Wendy and Lisa are offering up 25 on-night stays between Oct. 26-Dec. 14. In honor of Prince’s song 7, each stay costs just $7. You can start requesting one of those bookings this Sunday at 8am Central, and winners will be chosen at random.
Prince's 'Purple Rain' House in Minneapolis Coming to Airbnb | Click to read more https://t.co/fFJ4XfOipT
Jelly Roll is still pinching himself after his wild weekend. First he had a sold-out concert at Madison Square Garden, where he was joined by Post Malone for the live debut of their song Losers. Posty then stuck around to sing Friends in Low Places and I Had Some Help, with Jelly filling in for Morgan Wallen. Then after playing a music festival in Central Park, Jelly Roll got a police escort to 30 Rock because he was the musical guest for the Season 50 premiere of SNL, hosted by Jean Smart. With the November election just around the corner, it was heavy on the politics with Maya Rudolph as Kamala Harris, Andy Samberg as her husband, Second Gentleman Doug Emhoff, Jim Gaffigan as Kamala’s running mate Tim Walz, Dana Carvey as Joe Biden, James Austin Johnson as Donald Trump and Bowen Yang as JD Vance.
This Saturday! Jean Smart and Jelly Roll! and who knows who else  #SNLPremiere pic.twitter.com/cfgUmD0QJx
Celebrity babies are here! Frances Bean Cobain and Riley Hawk welcomed a baby boy earlier this month. They decided to enjoy him privately for a couple weeks before announcing the news on Instagram Saturday night. Frances captioned the post, “9.17.2024. Ronin Walker Cobain Hawk Welcome to the world most beautiful son. We love you more than anything .” Her father-in-law Tony Hawk commented, “My favorite grandson!” Yes, Riley is the son of skateboard legend Tony Hawk and Frances Bean is the daughter of Courtney Love and the late Kurt Cobain. They’ll celebrate their first wedding anniversary on October 7. Congratulations are also in order for Logan Paul and his fiancée Nina Agdal, whose baby girl is here! In a joint statement, the couple announced, “Esmé Agdal Paul has entered the chat ”
Kurt Cobain’s daughter, Frances Bean Cobain, and Tony Hawk’s son, Riley Hawk, announce they have welcomed their first child together. A boy named Ronin Walker Cobain Hawk. pic.twitter.com/QZUpqhtjvd
Logan Paul and partner Nina Agdal welcome their first child, Esmé Agdal Paul pic.twitter.com/eyGXtFIq2a
She wasn’t there for the game in Atlanta…she wasn’t there for the game in LA. Does Taylor Swift only attend Travis Kelce’s home games or is something bigger going on? Betting sites give them a 25 percent chance of breaking up before the Super Bowl on February 9. There’s also an 11 percent chance Taylor will announce her engagement from the stage, and a 9.1% chance she’ll announce she’s pregnant before the Super Bowl! But in the meantime, what’s the status of that investigation into the alleged “fake” PR strategy from Full Scope PR breaking down their planned breakup this past Saturday?
Reason Taylor Swift skipped NFL game emerges day after Travis Kelce 'break-up date'https://t.co/ZWMio1FybI pic.twitter.com/EBQCFHiSyB

The Kidd Kraddick Morning Show