Reilly is leaving his role as Stanley president to serve in the same role for Crocs’ casual footwear brand HeyDude.


                    
            by
            Diana Bradley

17 April 2024

        
BROOMFIELD, CO: Former Crocs marketing leader Terence Reilly is returning to the company as EVP and president for its casual footwear brand, HeyDude.
Reilly will step into the role and join Crocs’ executive leadership team on April 29, reporting to CEO Andrew Rees. He is set to succeed Rick Blackshaw, who is leaving the company effective immediately.
Since 2020, Reilly has been president of drinkware brand Stanley, where he helped to “reshape the century-old, insulated drinkware brand into a must-have brand of current culture,” according to a Crocs statement. While at Stanley, Reilly created and led the strategy that “propelled the brand's resurgence into a must-have icon,” the statement said. 
Stanley’s 40-ounce Quencher cup gained rabid popularity for its array of colors and ability to keep beverages hot and cold for long periods of time, driving Stanley’s annual sales from $75 million to $750 million in 2023 alone, according to CNN. 
In November, after a Stanley cup survived a car fire and went viral, the brand gave the owner a new vehicle. Reilly was the face of the Stanley’s response. 
Matt Navarro is succeeding Reilly as Stanley’s president.
In a LinkedIn post on Wednesday, Reilly wrote, “A dream I read in a poem I wrote on my first-day town hall back in 2020 really did come true: ‘To be a household name ‘round the world and in all 50 states.’ Thanks to my colleagues, everybody seems to know the Stanley name and its future has never been brighter…”
About his new role, Reilly wrote, “If another dream of mine comes true, footwear will never be the same again.”
Between 2013 and 2020, Reilly was in marketing leadership at Crocs. He used the power of digital and social to lead a Crocs resurgence, launching collaborations with celebrities like Post Malone and shaking off criticism.
Crocs’ brands include Crocs and HeyDude, and its products are sold in more than 85 countries through wholesale and direct-to-consumer channels. 
Crocs is planning to report its fiscal Q1 financial results on May 7.

		Register now to enjoy more articles and free email bulletins
	
Join a growing community of PRWeek comms professionals today



Stay signed in


Forgotten password?


                                    The Metropolitan Police Service,
                                    City of Westminster, London (Greater)
                                

                                    The Metropolitan Police Service,
                                    London/Hybrid
                                

                                    The UK Committee for UNICEF,
                                    Stratford and New Town, London (Greater)
                                

                                    The Electoral Commission,
                                    UK-wide with significant presence required in the Commission’s office in London.
                                

                                    Copper Consultancy,
                                    Birmingham, Bristol, Cardiff, Glasgow, Manchester, or London (office and hybrid)