Tina Malone has shared the final moments she shared with her late husband Paul Chase.
The actress who is known for playing Mimi Maguire in the former Channel 4 series Shameless announced last month that Paul had tragically died aged just 42. Tina hasn't confirmed the cause of Paul's death yet but recently took to social media to explain she was overwhelmed with the love and support she had received since March 13.
In a fresh update, the star who also appeared on Celebrity Big Brother has revealed to her online fans how she and Paul spent their final hours together at their home. In view of her 23,300 followers on X, formerly known as Twitter, Tina shared how Paul was cooking for their daughter, Flame, less than 12 hours before his death.
"Four weeks ago at 4pm today my hubby made scrambled eggs, bacon, beans, sausages for Flame," she said.
She went on to add: "Kissed me and said see you later…. 10 hours later he was dead, I am broken, so bereft." Her post was soon flooded with messages of support from her fans, with one writing: "I am so sorry to read this. Ur post caught my eye and I now see he was in the military. A subject so close to my heart. I'm glad to have found u on social x stay strong."
A second penned: "The last thing you remember him doing was an act of love for your child together. That is something that you will treasure in time more than you can right now. I am sending so much love from Belfast (heart) to you and Flame." Another commented: "So sorry to hear this. You will always have that memory of him and never let go of that. It has been 6 years for me and still talk about him to people. Stay strong and keep the good memories alive. That is just my thoughts."
Last week, Tina, 64, laid her husband to rest in their hometown of Liverpool. Tina looked solemn and was dressed in black as she prepared to bury her husband. Tina directed the line of mourners from her house - with family, friends, and fellow members of Paul’s regiment returning out and with many in the group wearing regimental ties. While many other guests wore dark and sombre colours as they helped Tina say goodbye to her beloved husband - who she married in 2010.
Photos obtained by the MailOnline showed pallbearers carrying Paul's coffin at his funeral in the coastal city. Many of the pallbearers appeared to be from Paul's regiment - with the men proudly wearing their medals on their suits as they carried him to his final resting place.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.