Taylor Swift is being called out on social media for... a runny nose?
Fans are posting reactions and jokes after a few videos bouncing around social media seem to show Taylor Swift battling a runny nose on stage. A true performer, the singer wipes the snot away and keeps on with the performance. Hey, the show must go on, right?
We can't imagine being so famous that a simple bodily reaction  to the cold becomes a hot topic of online discourse, but that's the reality for the record-breaking, chart-topping singer.
Now, before anyone starts sending Taylor Swift old-school cold remedies, it should be noted that these videos were shot from her concert in Edinburgh, Scotland, on June 7. The outdoor venue, Murrayfield Stadium, didn't do Taylor any favors as the temps during the show were between 48-50 degrees Fahrenheit.
Fans knew that it was cold when Swift added gloves to some of her iconic outfits during the show because her hands were so cold. Being onstage in small dresses and see-through sequins can't do much to retain body heat, right?
While many fans are having fun with the small clips, many 'Swifties' have been coming to her defense.
Of course Swift had some non-nose related bad news earlier this week when Morgan Wallen toppled Taylor from the top spot on the charts when his collaboration with Post Malone "I Had Some Help" went to No. 1 again, breaking one of her chart records.
As for Swift, what's the big deal? Anyone who has had a toddler before knows you got to do what you got to do when it comes to a cold runny nose sometimes. Taylor Swift continues with her European leg of her 'Eras' Tour with shows listed all over Europe through August. Hopefully she will have some warmer temps at future shows.
Wood is host of the 'Taste of Country Mornings with Wood and Nicole' that can be heard every morning from 6-10am CST on the 'Taste of Country' app, on local affiliates where available and online at tasteofcountry.com.
Gallery Credit: Sterling Whitaker
Gallery Credit: Angela Stefano