Anticipation was growing at a fever pitch before Taylor Swift's latest album, "The Tortured Poets Department," dropped at midnight EDT. But the pop superstar had a huge surprise on tap: It's actually a double album.
When Part One dropped, Swift wrote on Instagram, "All's fair in love and poetry... New album THE TORTURED POETS DEPARTMENT. Out now 🤍"
Then came the shocker, revealed in an Instagram post saying, "It's a 2am surprise: The Tortured Poets Department is a secret DOUBLE album. ✌️ I'd written so much tortured poetry in the past 2 years and wanted to share it all with you, so here's the second installment of TTPD: The Anthology. 15 extra songs. And now the story isn't mine anymore… it's all yours. 🤍."
Related Coverage: Taylor Swift Fans Speculate Her Songs Are About Matty Healy And Joe Alwyn – Who Are They?
Swift described the album as "new works that reflect events, opinions and sentiments from a fleeting and fatalistic moment in time — one that was both sensational and sorrowful in equal measure."
She also said that time has been "closed and boarded up. There is nothing to avenge, no scores to settle once wounds have healed. And upon further reflection, a good number of them turned out to be self-inflicted."
"Entertainment Tonight" correspondent Denny Directo called the record some of her most vulnerable work.
"Fans were left with more questions than there were answers, so good luck trying to decipher who these songs are about, what they mean," Directo told CBS News. "… I feel like there's more heartbreak songs on this than there are love songs."
Hours ahead of the record's release, Swift said on social media that its first single was "Fortnight," featuring Post Malone, and its music video was expected to be released Friday at 8 p.m. EDT.
Swift praised the Grammy-nominated artist's musical experimentation and melodies "that just stick in your head forever."
"I got to witness that magic come to life firsthand when we worked together on Fortnight," Swift said in her post.
"Fortnight" isn't the only track on the album on which Swift worked with another artist. Florence and The Machine is also featured.
Swift posted an initial tracklist to social media in February one day after she announced the album at the Grammys, where she won for best pop vocal album. Here's the list of all 31 songs:

                  ALL CONTENT COPYRIGHT GRIFFIN MEDIA |
                  FCC Applications |
                  FCC Public File |
                  PUBLIC FILE ASSISTANCE |
                  EEO |
                  Privacy Policy |
                  Media Kit |
                  Terms of Use |
                  Sign Up |
                  Log In