FAIRNESS & ACCURACY IN REPORTING 
 Challenging media bias since 1986. 
FAIR
FAIR is the national progressive media watchdog group, challenging corporate media bias, spin and misinformation.
The Protocols of the Elders of Zion, a classic antisemitic hoax
When Marlon Brando declared on Larry King Live (4/5/96) that “Hollywood is owned by Jews,” he only said what quite a few Americans believe. Since they don’t know who owns the media, millions think that it’s “the Jews.”
It is an old canard. Having been codified in the Protocols of the Elders of Zion (forged by Czarist cops in 1905), the lie was sold here by Henry Ford through the 1920s. (“The Twelfth Protocol,” proclaimed his Dearborn Independent, “contains the entire plan of Control of the Press, reaching from the present time into the future when the Jewish World Government shall be established.”)
In the 1930s, the lie was propagated much more broadly by a loose network of native fascists guided or inspired by Berlin. The best-known of those tools was Father Joseph Coughlin, whose Sunday broadcasts had an audience in the tens of millions, and whose weekly Social Justice had perhaps a third as many readers. Others fiercely seconded his thesis that the media were run by so-called “aliens”—a myth that, on the fringes, lasted through the war. “The motion picture industry,” far-right demagogue Gerald L.K. Smith railed in 1945, “is being exploited by Russian Jewish Communists determined to inject their materialistic propaganda into the fresh young minds of our children.”
Starting in the late 1930s, there was a notable attempt to set Americans straight. The radio cleric’s charge that U.S. media were in the hands of “orientals” (one of his codewords) sparked a salutary counter-propaganda drive by academics, clergy and journalists. The Institute for Propaganda Analysis, based at Columbia University, publicly refuted the canard, as did Dorothy Thompson, whose syndicated column “On the Record” made clear to a massive public that the media were not “Jewish”: not the press, not publishing, not even Hollywood, which was dominated not by those crude “moguls” but by New York’s major banks, most run by WASPs.
Gentiles in High Places
Today, the myth may be as widespread as ever—and no one is refuting it. Every type of far-right propaganda luridly revives the spectre of the “Jewish media.” In a pamphlet and website entitled “Who Owns America?” the prolific neo-Nazi William Pierce, author of The Turner Diaries, tells us that the news and “entertainment media” are “Jew-controlled,” which is why they push miscegenation, homosexuality and other race-polluting practices.
Meanwhile, the same spectre haunts the propaganda churned out by the Nation of Islam and other Afro-fascists—all of whom Pierce’s readership would like to string up from the streetlamps. Every time Khalid Abdul Muhammad vents in public, he and his audience exult together in the fiction that the whole shebang is “Jew-controlled.”
All such diatribe plays up your Eisners and your Sulzbergers—and plays down many other names: Jack Welch and Michael H. Jordan, CEOs, respectively, of GE (NBC) and Westinghouse (CBS); Rupert Murdoch (who owns 20th Century Fox); John Malone, CEO of TCI, the nation’s largest cable company; maverick globalist Ted Turner; and many more. Also tuned out are such goyische giants as Hearst Communications, Times Mirror, the Chicago Tribune‘s empire, Reader’s Digest Inc.—and the Shintoist directorship of Sony (which owns Columbia Studios and Tri-Star Pictures).
The far-right media “critique” also ignores the role of major shareholders: buccaneers like Warren Buffett (Disney‘s largest investor); cyberlord Bill Gates (who owns a big piece of Dreamworks and MSNBC); Gordon Crawford, who manages the media holdings for the secretive Capital Group (which owns a chunk of every major player).
But more important, the far-right attack ignores the crucial point about today’s media: Increasingly, their owners are publicly traded multinational corporations, chiefly answerable to banks, insurance companies and other institutional investors—and to advertisers, who are almost always the key source of revenue. Thus guided, corporate capitalism runs the show with no concern for any race or faith or for anything but profits.
Nixonian Jew-Baiting
While crackpot screeds have clearly riled up some explosive folk out on the margins, most of those who think “the Jews” control the media have probably been thus persuaded not by any neo-fascist agitation, but by the systematic rabble-rousing of some big-time pols and their supporters in the press.
The mass distrust of the alleged Hebraic cabal behind the media was first politically exploited at the highest levels by Richard Nixon, who sincerely hated that imaginary clique. He often raved to H.R. Haldeman about those “satanic Jews” atop the networks and the New York Times. Nixon’s button-man in the campaign was his felonious understudy, Spiro Agnew, whose paranoid attack on the news media—”a tiny and closed fraternity of privileged men, elected by no one”—was tacitly antisemitic.
His animus became much more explicit after Agnew’s forcible retirement: “All you have to do is look around and see who owns the networks, who owns the Washington Post, the New York Times,” he declared in 1976. “As you look around in the big news business, you see a heavy concentration of Jewish people.”
Agnew’s assault on Big Media was both conceived and crafted by the young Pat Buchanan. Since then, Buchanan has ebulliently parlayed his media celebrity into a full-time political jihad against the media (among other targets), and has done so with a tang of antisemitism so pronounced that even William Buckley finally had to clear his throat.
Arnold Good, Murphy Bad
However, many a rightist less flamboyant than Buchanan has deployed the Coughlinesque innuendo. In his contretemps with Murphy Brown, Dan Quayle suggestively attacked the “cultural elite” who “mock us in newsrooms, sitcom studios and faculty lounges across America.” Christlike, he declared: “I wear their scorn as a badge of honor!” The identity of these folks was left deliberately vague: “I know exactly who the cultural elite, the media elite and the Hollywood elite are,” Quayle noted darkly. (Presumably he did not mean his his own family, which controls a billion-dollar media empire that includes the Arizona Republic and the Indianapolis Star.)
More recently, Bob Dole, pretending to take on Hollywood entire, swung his wrath pointedly and only at Time-Warner (CEO: Gerald Levin). At the same time, Dole praised as family-friendly the film True Lies, starring noted Aryan and cinematic serial killer Arnold Schwarzenegger. It is surely no coincidence that True Lies was released by 20th Century Fox—the studio owned by Rupert Murdoch, dark financial angel of the New York Post, the Weekly Standard and other founts of GOP propaganda.
Meanwhile, off the stump, the trope of the “the liberal media” has been copiously reconfirmed for years by countless rightist hacks and true believers. While “liberals” need not always stand for “Jews,” the rhetorical strategy is the same in both cases: to distract attention from the real elite that actually controls the media by scapegoating the usual minority as conspiratorial outsiders.
Thus the time has come for another counter-propaganda drive—and not just to fight the rise of antisemitism, but to reaffirm democracy itself, which is again at risk.  Mark Crispin Miller teaches media studies at Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore.
 FAIR’s work is sustained by our generous contributors, who allow us to remain independent. Donate today to be a part of this important mission.
Filed under: Antisemitism, Extra! 1996 Ed. 9 - September/October
 Anon A. Moose
August 15, 2015 at 9:23 pm
Mark,
The existence of some Gentiles in positions of power does that invalidate the fact that Jews, who make up less than 2% of the population control a hugely disproportionate amount of influential positions in the media and government.
This is simply an observable fact, nothing to do with shadowy “far-right propaganda” and some amorphous and unnamed figures that apparently are lurking just around the corner that live only in your imagination.
 Mattroski
April 29, 2016 at 11:56 pm
I heard alot of ad hominem attacks and strawmen in there, there is no doubt that Jews have a monopoly on the media, people in hollywood have said it, people in the news media have said it, and it is thoroughly observable when one actually researches it. It is not surprising that German jews, who were owners of German newspapers, banks, etc… did the same thing when they immigrated to the States. It is also not surprising that the creators of Communism continue to promote such in American media. History is absolutely rife with examples of Jews creating monopolies and then blaming other classes for the damage they themselves created. Even with all of the propoganda in the Mainstream press, with the internet, people are starting to figure out just what is so wrong with the world, and it is really hard to fix the world, when one group of people constantly and consistently will deny the truth and call everyone who disagrees with them some slur like “anti semite” which is a fallacy on its face.
Furthermore, this monopoly is hurting Jews the most, right now they are making a lot of money, but just as happened before, it will all end, and it will end badly, and the Jews who are not multimillionaires will suffer for the rich and greedy of their brethren. This is why you hear such an outcry from the SPLC-type organizations when some Jew gets out of line and starts calling out criminal Jews. I forget the Jewish word for it, but it is basically “a crime against your kind” apparently to even call out pedophiles. Until Jews like the ones who write these articles, realize how damaging it is to defend these organizations, things do not look like they will get better.
There are bad people of all Religions, and they ALL should be called out for their crimes. The biggest crime of the Jews is the promotion of murderous vile Communism, which has failed horribly everywhere for the little people of those countries. Communism is only good for the ruling class, and only good for them for a little while, because eventually they get slaughtered and run away to another country to do it all over again. I wonder where will these American Jews run to next? Because unlike before, the whole world is becoming aware of these crimes.
I support the Constitution above and beyond any allegiances to ANY ethnic/religious group. As it is the only thing that has created freedom where there was none. No matter how hard the communist media and the (GOP/DNC)politicians try to destroy it.
 GOD>Family>Constitution>Politics
 Yagoda
November 14, 2016 at 12:08 am
Article says more about the author’s anxiety or guilt than it does about reality.  “Canard” is such a petulant wasteful word, so ill-designed, pathetic actually.  I suppose Neocons who have create pure hell with their wars in the Middle East aren’t Jewish either.  How can one claim to be a ‘media critic’ while so easily their self-serving propaganda is disproved.
Yahweh is a G-d of war, the Jewish culture it seem is bent on only having PTSD and revenge as its center.  What better G-d to have for a bully culture?
FAIR is the national progressive media watchdog group, challenging corporate media bias, spin and misinformation. We work to invigorate the First Amendment by advocating for greater diversity in the press and by scrutinizing media practices that marginalize public interest, minority and dissenting viewpoints. We expose neglected news stories and defend working journalists when they are muzzled. As a progressive group, we believe that structural reform is ultimately needed to break up the dominant media conglomerates, establish independent public broadcasting and promote strong non-profit sources of information.
Fairness & Accuracy In Reporting124 W. 30th Street, Suite 201 New York, NY 10001
Tel: 212-633-6700
We rely on your support to keep running. Please consider donating.