Beyoncé‘s fan base grows as Magic Johnson joins the ranks, praising her latest album Cowboy Carter for its groundbreaking achievements.
Over the weekend, the former NBA player took to Instagram to laud Queen B, recognizing her as a multifaceted force breaking barriers.
“Beyoncé – It’s only fitting that I recognize a living icon as the world tunes in to listen to your newest album, “Cowboy Carter,” which just dropped today!” he wrote in message opener.
“You are truly a multifaceted force, with dominating presences as a singer, songwriter, director, actress, record producer, and entrepreneur! With over 160 million records sold, countless awards won (including a historical 32 Grammys), featured roles in eight movies, two fashion lines, and now a new hair care line..it’s impossible to argue that your influence on culture is irreplaceable,” he added.
A post shared by Earvin “Magic” Johnson (@magicjohnson)
Likening the former Destiny’s Child member to the late and great Michael Jackson he continued, “You are women’s history! Just like I say Michael Jackson is the greatest male entertainer of all time, you are the greatest female entertainer of all time. I’m looking forward to seeing how you bring more representation into the country genre and continue to use your platform to uplift and amplify the Black voice. [flower emoji]”
The album, dropped March 29, features surprise guests like Miley Cyrus and Post Malone. It also includes country legends Dolly Parton and Willie Nelson, alongside Shaboozey, Linda Martell, Tanner Adell, Tiera Kennedy, Brittney Spencer, and others.
“It feels good to see how music can unite so many people around the world, while also amplifying the voices of some of the people who have dedicated so much of their lives educating on our musical history,” she expressed in a reflective Instagram post, hopeful of the album’s impact.
Are you a HOT 97 VIP?  Unlock exclusive, VIP Only access to the latest news, offers, contests, events, and more.  There is no cost to join for a limited time.
Δ
#1 for Hip Hop
Copyright 2024 Hot 97