Swae Lee will headline the annual Last Day of Classes concert on April 24, according to a video streamed by the DUU LDOC Committee during its Tuesday evening artist reveal event. Additional acts include Elley Duhé and Weston Estate.
Khalif Malik Ibn Shaman Brown, who goes by the stage name Swae Lee, is a rapper, singer and songwriter from Inglewood, Calif. He is best known for his solo in “Sunflower” with Post Malone, which topped the Billboard Hot 100 list, as well as for his feature roles in “Unforgettable” by French Montana and “ROXANNE” by Arizona Zervas.
He initially gained mainstream recognition as part of Rae Sremmurd, a Mississippi-based hip-hop duo, working alongside his brother Slim Jxmmi. The duo is known for its top hit “Black Beatles,” which went viral in the 2016 Mannequin Challenge. Billboard named it the best pop song of 2016 and Pitchfork ranked it No. 10 on its best 100 songs that same year. The duo’s hit “Come Get Her” ranked No. 64 in the 2015 Billboard Hot 100.
Elley Duhé is an American mainstream pop singer from Mobile, Ala. She is known for her collaboration with Tarro in the hit “Millennium” in 2016, which has over 2.7 million views on YouTube and over 3.3 million streams on Spotify. Her song "Immortal" amassed 4.5 million streams on Spotify after Billboard premiered it in 2016.
Since then, Duhé has released singles "Middle of the Night," "Tie Me Down" and “Kids of the Night.”
Weston Estate, an alternative indie boy band, includes Srikar Nanduri, Manas Panchavati, Tanmay Joshi, Ahbi Manhass and Marco Luka. They are best known for their hits “Pears,” “So Good” and “Saturday Nights.”
Their band is named after the neighborhood they used to hang out around, Western Estates, in Cary, N.C. They describe their group as “ya aunty’s favorite boy band.”
Sign up for our weekly newsletter. Cancel at any time.
Abby Spiller is a Trinity junior and analytics editor of the audience engagement team of The Chronicle's 121st volume. She was previously editor-in-chief for Volume 120.
Share and discuss “Swae Lee to headline 2024 LDOC concert, along with performances by Elley Duhé and Weston Estate” on social media.

 facebook
 twitter