By 

	Angie Martoccio


	If you purchase an independently reviewed product or service through a link on our website, Rolling Stone may receive an affiliate commission.

	Every second counts: The Bear star Ayo Edebiri will host Saturday Night Live on Feb. 3, with Jennifer Lopez as musical guest. 

	Edebiri is the third host of 2024, following Jacob Elordi (on Jan. 20, with Reneé Rapp), and Dakota Johnson (on Jan. 27, with Justin Timberlake). If her incredible Golden Globes speech is any indication, her opening monologue will be one to watch. 

	Following the Golden Globes (where Edebiri won Best Actress in a Television Series — Musical or Comedy), Edebiri picked up an Emmy for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series. 





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Walton Goggins Shuts Down Interview Over Aimee Lou Wood Questions		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Piper Rockelle Has a Lot to Say About That Netflix Documentary		
	








	“Life is wonderful and sometimes unexpected things happen, but it’s all learning opportunities,” Edebiri told us last summer. “It’s beautiful to go through hard things when you have wonderful people in your life. It’s great to be lucky enough to learn lessons. And I haven’t narrativized it yet, but I can feel myself learning. I’m excited to be at the point where I’m looking back 10 years later. If the Earth isn’t, like, completely flooded by then.”

	










	Meanwhile, Lopez recently announced This Is Me…Now, a sequel to her 2002 album This Is Me…Then (yes, the one with “Jenny From the Block”). She’ll release it on Feb. 16, alongside a companion film that features an all-star cast of her husband, Ben Affleck, Fat Joe, Trevor Noah, Kim Petras, Post Malone, and many more. 
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.