By 

	Charisma Madarang


	Puerto Rican singer Rauw Alejandro hitches a ride on a jetplane to Ibiza in his latest music video for new single, “Pasaporte.” The artist paired the track’s release with the announcement that his fifth studio album Cosa Nuestra will drop Nov. 15. 

	A press release touts the upcoming LP as marking “a new chapter in Rauw Alejandro’s musical career,” and shares that “Pasaporte” is the project’s third single following previously released “Déjame Entrar” and “Touching The Sky.” The track features Mr. NaisGai, while the accompanying video was filmed during Alejandro’s trip to Ibiza, including cameos by David Guetta and the Martinez Brothers.

	Earlier this year, Alejandro dropped collaborations with Sky Rompiendo for “Espectacular,” Alvaro Diaz on “BYAK,” and Shakira with Las Mujeres No Lloran‘s “Cohete.”

	When speaking with Today.com in July, the musician teased the forthcoming album but didn’t offer a release date. “It’s not ready yet, but I hope soon,” he said at the time. “These songs (are) too good to be inside the studio.”

	











	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Walton Goggins Shuts Down Interview Over Aimee Lou Wood Questions		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Piper Rockelle Has a Lot to Say About That Netflix Documentary		
	








	He continued, “Nowadays people, they want music every Friday. I think every artist should take his time and just enjoy everything that he’s doing at the moment… it takes time to go to the next level.”

	Alejandro will take the stage at New York’s Central Park for the 2024 Global Citizen Festival this weekend on Sept. 28 along with Post Malone, Doja Cat, Lisa, and Jelly Roll. Benson Boone and Raye are also set to perform.
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.