Morgan Wallen performs at Ford Field on Thursday, June 30th, 2023. (Photo by Edward Pevos | MLive)Edward Pevos | MLive
Morgan Wallen’s Sand in My Boots festival sold out about two hours after tickets went on sale to the general public on Friday, Oct. 25. It’s a ringing validation for a decision to replace the 2025 Hangout Music Fest in Gulf Shores with a “takeover” curated by the country star.
Organizers announced about a week ago that Sand in My Boots would use the Hangout Fest site May 16-18 and that Hangout Fest would return in 2026. The announcement brought considerable criticism from Hangout Fest veterans who liked the event’s established multi-genre mix, and from others who found its prices on the high side. But Wallen fans indicated strong interest, especially after the revelation of a lineup including Post Malone and Brooks & Dunn.
A locals-only presale started at 10 a.m. Thursday, followed by a general on-sale at 10 a.m. Friday. Well before 1 p.m. Friday, AEG Presents sent out a release announcing that the festival had sold out in about two hours.
“This Festival has meant a lot to all of us and to see the response and support is overwhelming,” said Stacy Vee, executive vice president of AEG Presents’ Goldenvoice division and producer of the major California country fest called Stagecoach. “We are entirely grateful and look forward to delivering a first-class event to the community.”
“We started talking about curating a festival that includes my friends, and artists who have influenced me, years ago,” said Wallen, quoted in the AEG Presents release. “It took a lot of folks a lot of hours to plan Sand In My Boots, and it only took two hours for y’all to sell it out. We can’t wait to deliver a special weekend for everyone in May.”
Friday’s announcement said that there’s a waitlist for latecomers.
“Those looking to buy passes can utilize the Official Waitlist,” said the AEG release. “Due to high demand, all Sand In My Boots hotel packages are currently unavailable. Fans can sign up for the Hotel Package Waitlist separately here to be notified if new Hotel Package inventory becomes available.”
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices