The latest Taylor Swift album release has broken Spotify records today (Saturday). The streaming service has announced that she has reached 300 million streams in a day.
Swift’s latest offering, The Tortured Poets Department, has become the first album in Spotify history to reach the streaming heights. The 34 year old also became the most-streamed artist in a single day on the platform when her record was released on April 19, Spotify announced.
On X, formerly Twitter, the company wrote: “History made! On April 19, 2024, Taylor Swift’s The Tortured Poets Department was the first album in Spotify history to have over 300M streams in a single day.”
It comes after Swift became the first female artist on Spotify to reach 100 million monthly listeners in August 2023. The Grammy winner’s highly anticipated 11th studio album includes collaborations with Florence And The Machine and Post Malone and her song titles and lyrics appear to make reference to some of her ex-flames.
Fortnight, featuring American rapper and singer Post Malone, real name Austin Richard Post, is Swift’s first single from the album and has become Spotify’s most streamed song in a single day. Her music video for the track includes an appearance from Dead Poets Society stars Ethan Hawke and Josh Charles, as well as her collaborator Post Malone.
Hours after dropping the 16-song edition of her album the US pop superstar announced an expanded version with an extra 15 songs, titled The Anthology. The Bad Blood singer, who is known for taking inspiration from past relationships for her music, has placed So Long, London at number five in the album’s tracklist – the slot reserved for the most meaningful song on each of Swift’s records.
The song is thought to offer new insight into her split with The Favourite actor Joe Alwyn after six years together. Before the album’s release, fans had speculated whether the album title was a reference to star Alwyn.
In December 2022, Alwyn and Normal People star Paul Mescal revealed they had a WhatsApp group chat with Fleabag actor Andrew Scott called The Tortured Man Club. Swift is known for writing songs about her ex-boyfriends, with previous flames Joe Jonas, Harry Styles, Jake Gyllenhaal and John Mayer among those who have been linked to some of her biggest hits.
Swift, who has 11 chart-topping UK albums, had announced the arrival of her latest record live on stage at the Grammy Awards in February. The performer will bring her Eras Tour to the UK from June 7, when she kicks off with three shows in Edinburgh with the run of London shows beginning on June 21.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.