ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
SEOUL, SOUTH KOREA - MAY 21: RM of BTS attends a press conference for BTS's new digital single ... More 'Butter' at Olympic Hall on May 21, 2021 in Seoul, South Korea. (Photo by The Chosunilbo JNS/Imazins via Getty Images)
As BTS continues its hiatus, the members are very, very busy. The seven singers that make up the boy band are all enlisted in the South Korean military at the moment, which is a requirement for all men in that nation by a certain age. On top of that, several of them are still producing solo material, with one dropping a new song today (Friday, May 10).
RM, the leader of the group, has a new single out now. The tune, “Come Back to Me,” is already a very quick win on iTunes, as fans in the U.S. made it an instant sales smash shortly after it was released.
At the time of writing, “Come Back to Me” sits at No. 3 on iTunes’ ranking of the bestselling songs in America. It comes in behind only Post Malone and Morgan Wallen’s collaboration “I Had Some Help,” which opens at No. 1, and Shaboozey’s “A Bar Song (Tipsy),” which declines to second place.
A second version of “Come Back to Me” is also charting on iTunes, giving RM control over several spots. The radio edit of the tune sits just below the top 10 at No. 13. Yet another take is living inside the top 25 at No. 24.
“Come Back to Me” is the first taste of RM’s new solo album, Right Place, Wrong Person. The set is expected to arrive later this month.
The BTS superstar only announced this latest chapter of his solo career a short time ago. He’s not around to do traditional promotion of the set, but that likely won’t stop it from becoming a huge commercial success when it drops in a few weeks.
Right Place, Wrong Person is the second album from RM under his solo moniker. He shared his debut album Indigo in late 2022. The singer has also dropped a pair of mixtapes, with RM arriving in 2015 and Mono launching in 2018.
All three versions of “Come Back to Me” that are selling well on iTunes at the moment will be lumped together into one entity by Billboard for charting purposes. The fact that he has three takes of the same title going strong–even if only for a short time–shows there’s real interest in the cut from his fan base. All those purchases may be enough to make the single a hit, especially on some sales-focused rosters.