Post Malone performs at Outside Lands Music Festival on Sunday, Aug. 11, 2024, in San Francisco.Amy Harris/Invision/AP
Post Malone’s country tour kicks off in September. 
“F-1 Trillion,” Post Malone’s debut country album (released Aug. 16) features duets with Dolly Parton, Morgan Wallen, Brad Paisley, Hank Williams Jr., Blake Shelton, Luke Combs and Tim McGraw.
The tour kicks off on Sept. 8 in Salt Lake City at the Utah First Credit Union Amphitheatre and ends on Oct. 19 in Nashville, Tenn. Tickets to the 25-date tour are available through StubHub, Vivid Seats, SeatGeek, and Ticketmaster.
Here’s what Pitchfork had to say about “F-1 Trillion”:
“Fortune smiles on Post Malone, whose journey from SoundCloud rapper to honky-tonk hero mirrors the arc of the zeitgeist almost exactly. Was it destiny that brought him to the main stage of the country music renaissance, or a cunning 10-year plan? In either case, a listen to the new mgk and Jelly Roll collab, a cringy riff on a John Denver classic, is convincing-enough evidence that a successful crossover takes more than opportunism alone.”
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices