Giddy up, Los Angeles! Post Malone and Dwight Yoakam are bringing their cowboy ways to Hollywood!
In a video obtained by TMZ from the celebrity gossip site Backgrid, the two country singers stroll down Sunset Boulevard at night, mouthing the words to what is likely an unreleased song from the pair. Both are wearing cowboy hats and snazzy, bedazzled jackets that sparkle in the streetlights.
They pass the Roxy Theater, where the marquee reads, "Bang Bang Boom Boom! Dwight Yoakam featuring Post Malone."
In the background, a track of their vocals plays, and it sounds like they're singing, "I never knew / I cannot tell you why / I couldn't tell you how to say goodbye / No, I don't know how to say goodbye."
TMZ reports the two are filming a music video for their song, and several celebrities were spotted on site for the shoot. The site included photos of Shaun White and Nina Dobrev on set, and noted that Malin Akerman was also spotted around the production.
Further details about the song or the video have yet to be revealed.
Several photos were shared on social media by photographer Clint Webb, giving fans a behind-the-scenes look. Many have been re-shared by a popular Malone fan page.
Instances of Malone and Yoakam crossing paths have been documented as far back as five years, when the two were photographed together at the 2019 GQ Men of the Year celebration in Hollywood.
The pair have also performed together on quite a few occasions. The country newcomer pulled Yoakam on stage at Stagecoach this year as the two sang Yoakam's song "Little Ways." Most recently, the veteran singer invited Malone to join him at his Los Angeles, Calif., show.
Jess hosts the syndicated radio show, Taste of Country Weekend, which can be heard on country stations nationwide. Tune in for all of the best new country music, spotlights on new tracks and emerging artists, plus Double-Downs on all of your favorites. The weekend is always better with a little Taste of Country in it.
Gallery Credit: Billy Dukes