Brandon Aubrey is living the dream right now. The Dallas Cowboys kicker has become a star due to his ability to drill kicks from just about anywhere on the planet.
During the preseason, he calmly knocked one in from 66 yards which would have tied the NFL record had it been in the regular season. He made one from the same distance in Week 1, but a penalty negated the kick. He then made it from 65 yards against the Baltimore Ravens with Justin Tucker — the current record-holder — watching.
MORE: Dallas Cowboys cheerleaders share throwback photo with young Post Malone
He's one of the most recognizable kickers in the game now and hit rock star status when Post Malone was rocking his No. 17 jersey while debuting his new album, F-1 Trillion.
On Thursday, Post Malone was in attendance as the Cowboys took on the New York Giants and was again sporting an Aubrey jersey as well as a cowboy hat. Aubrey took notice and signed the jersey for his No. 1 fan.
Brandon Aubrey signing @PostMalone’s Brandon Aubrey jersey pic.twitter.com/dVXjq1kPRg
Dallas has had a great relationship with Post Malone who once helped them reveal their season schedule. A lifelong Cowboys fan, he's formed a friendship with Jerry Jones and is often in attendance at their games.
He also had their cheerleaders, and Micah Parsons at the opening of his Dallas Cowboys-themed Raising Cane's restaurant.
— Enjoy free coverage of the Cowboys from Dallas Cowboys on SI —
NFL Power Rankings after Week 3: How far did the Cowboys fall?
Cowboys vs. Giants, NFL Week 4: betting odds & preview
Cowboys vs. Giants: 3 keys to a Thursday night primetime victory
3 Dallas Cowboys to start in fantasy football vs. Giants
Cowboys at Giants Week 4 injury report: 2 DBs are doubtful
Meet Abby Summers: Dallas Cowboys Cheerleader Rookie
Randy Gurzi is a graduate of Arizona State and has focused on NFL coverage since 2014.
© 2025  ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.