These days, Go Noodle is an app that parents of smaller children are likely familiar with because it was quite helpful during the pandemic lockdown.
Go Noodle has shared a preview of the forthcoming animated series, Tales of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, which is a continuation of the film Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Mutant Mayhem.
New look at the upcoming series 'TALES OF THE TEENAGE MUTANT NINJA TURTLES' has been revealed.

The series premieres this summer on Paramount+. pic.twitter.com/NG7gDUDzab
Paramount+ will be the home for Tales of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, which is set to premiere some time in Summer 2024. All of the main voice cast returns from the movie, including Micah Abbey, Shamon Brown Jr., Nicolas Cantu,  Brady Noon, and Ayo Edebiri although its unknown if Jackie Chan will be voicing Splinter.
The television series will continue from where Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Mutant Mayhem (2023) left off, with the Turtles emerging from the sewers and becoming high school students in New York City. As they face new perils and reunite with old allies, they'll also face new antagonists and navigate adolescent life.

The television series' development is led by Christopher Yost and Alan Wan.
More recently, a sequel to the film was announced and given a 2026 release date. As those who saw the film will remember, the Shredder was heavily teased as the sequel's main villain.
The original pic had a $70 million production budget and grossed $180.5 million worldwide. It didn't set the box office on fire, but it appears that Paramount is convinced that a sequel would do better.

According to reports, the studio believes that the SAG-AFTRA strike and restrictions on the cast's ability to promote the film had a substantial influence on the film's box office underperformance.

There's also the fact that despite including Chinese action icon Jackie Chan as a voice actor, the film failed to succeed in China.
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Mutant Mayhem starred Nicolas Cantu (Leonardo), Sharon Brown Jr. (Mikey), Micah Abbey (Donnie), Brady Noon (Raph), Jackie Chan (Splinter), Ayo Edebiri (April), Ice Cube (Superfly), Seth Rogen (Bebop), John Cena (Rocksteady), Paul Rudd (Mondo Gecko), Rose Byrne (Leatherhead), Post Malone (Ray Fillet), Hannibal Buress (Genghis Frog), Natasia Demetriou (Wing Nut), Maya Rudolph (Cynthia Utrom), and Giancarlo Esposito (Baxter Stockman)!

        This post was submitted by a user who has agreed to our Terms of Service and Community Guidelines. ComicBookMovie.com will disable users who knowingly commit plagiarism, piracy, trademark or copyright infringement. Please CONTACT US for expeditious removal of copyrighted/trademarked content. CLICK HERE to learn more about our copyright and trademark policies.
    

        Note that ComicBookMovie.com, and/or the user who contributed this post, may earn commissions or revenue through clicks or purchases made through any third-party links contained within the content above.
    

Home  |
                    Index |
                    Site Map |
                    About |
                    Terms Of Service |
                    Community Guidelines |
                    Privacy |
                    Copyright |
                    Trademark
Contact |
                    Advertise


                    © 2025 ComicBookMovie.com®. All Rights Reserved.
                

DISCLAIMER: As a user generated site, ComicBookMovie.com is protected from liability under the DMCA (Digital Millenium Copyright Act) and "Safe Harbor" provisions. Content herein has been submitted by users who have agreed to our Terms of Service and Community Guidelines. ComicBookMovie.com will disable users who knowingly commit plagiarism, piracy, trademark or copyright infringement. ComicBookMovie.com and Best Little Sites LLC are not liable for inaccuracies, errors, or omissions.
                

Learn more about our copyright and trademark policies


Contact Us for removal of copyrighted images, trademarks, or other issues.