ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
TORONTO, ONTARIO - SEPTEMBER 09: (NO COVERS) Taylor Swift attends 'In Conversation With... Taylor ... More Swift' during the 2022 Toronto International Film Festival at TIFF Bell Lightbox on September 09, 2022 in Toronto, Ontario. Taylor Swift's song "Who’s Afraid of Little Old Me" reaches the U.K. chart for the first time after fans make it a favorite. Will it become her next TTPD single? (Photo by Amy Sussman/Getty Images)
Taylor Swift's latest album, The Tortured Poets Department, has been out for nearly six months, and the lengthy project is still performing exceptionally well. Despite being on just its second official single, Swift—true to form—has seen every track on the album become a charting success in one way or another.
While she continues to promote "I Can Do It With A Broken Heart" as the current single, fans have recently shown their love for another track from the album. That tune debuts on the United Kingdom’s main songs chart this week, earning its place on the competitive list for the first time and potentially setting itself up for future promotion.
"Who’s Afraid of Little Old Me" arrives on the U.K.’s songs chart this week, opening at No. 85. While this position is relatively low on the 100-spot tally, the fact that the track has charted at all is noteworthy.
The Official Charts Company—the U.K.’s equivalent of Billboard—enforces a rule that limits every artist to charting only three tracks on the main songs list at a time, at least as a lead act. This makes it more challenging for musicians to rack up hits, and when an album track breaks through, it indicates significant fan interest.
"Who’s Afraid of Little Old Me" is currently the lowest-ranking of Swift’s three hits on the U.K. songs chart. Remarkably, "Cruel Summer" is still the highest, holding at No. 60, though the half-decade-old electro-pop cut is down from its position last week.
At the same time, Swift’s current single, "I Can Do It With A Broken Heart," is also sliding down the chart. This time around, it dips from No. 66 to No. 69.
Thus far, Swift has chosen two tracks from The Tortured Poets Department as singles, and they have both become sizable hits in the U.K. "Fortnight," her collaboration with Post Malone, soared to No. 1 in the country when the album was new. Meanwhile, "I Can Do It With A Broken Heart" reached as high as No. 8, though it’s unlikely to climb any higher.
Now that "Who’s Afraid of Little Old Me" has gained enough popularity to enter the U.K. songs chart, it might be considered for Swift's next single. Although she is still pushing "I Can Do It With A Broken Heart," its descent on the weekly ranking may signal that it’s time for a fresh promotional track—and her fans might have already helped her decide which one to go with.