E-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
to submit an obituary

To place an obituary Monday through Friday, 8:30am to 4:00pm, please email obits@pottsmerc.com or call us at 610-235-2690 for further information.


Saturday & Sunday, please contact obits@pottsmerc.com

Sign up for email newsletters
E-Edition

			TRENDING:		
The lineup is finally here!
Lana Del Rey will headline Friday evenings, Tyler, the Creator on Saturday nights and Doja Cat will close out both weekends on Sundays at the 2024 Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival at the Empire Polo Club in Indio on April 12-14 and April 19-21.
After teasing a reunion on Instagram less than an hour before the Coachella lineup dropped, Anaheim rock band No Doubt has been added to the lineup as well, though the poster has the band listed as “and … No Doubt.” Other performers include J Balvin, Blur, Ice Spice, Peso Pluma, Lil Uzi Vert, Justice, Sublime, Jungle, Bleachers and dozens more.
Lana Del Rey last performed at Coachella in 2014 and was originally scheduled to play the main stage just before headliner Frank Ocean in 2020. She did pop up at Coachella’s country sister fest Stagecoach in 2022 to sing a few songs alongside Nikki Lane on the Horseshoe Stage inside Lane’s annually curated Stage Stop Marketplace. Last year, she dropped “Did You Know That There’s a Tunnel Under Ocean Blvd,” which received a Grammy nomination for best pop duo/group performance for the single “Candy Necklace,” featuring Jon Batiste.
Tyler, The Creator, who just brought back his Camp Flog Gnaw Carnival to Los Angeles last year, has performed numerous times at Coachella both as a solo performer and as part of the hip-hop collective, Odd Future. Last year, he released “Call Me If You Get Lost: The Estate Sale,” which included songs recorded for his 2021 album, “Call Me If You Get Lost,” but never appeared on the final album like “Dogtooth,” “Sorry Not Sorry” and “Wharf Talk.”
Highly speculated possible headliner Rage Against the Machine seems to be permanently out of the running as drummer Brad Wilk announced on Instagram on Jan. 3 that “RATM (Tim, Zack, Tom and I) will not be touring or playing live again.” The band was expected to return to the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival in Indio in 2024 after having been originally scheduled to perform in 2020.
Goldenvoice announced the dates for the 2024 installment of the mega festival back in June and put advance tickets on sale for both weekends, which swiftly sold out. Fans will get a second crack at tickets starting at 11 a.m. on Friday, Jan. 19 coachella.com.
Coachella 2023 included headliners Bad Bunny, Blackpink and Frank Ocean during weekend one (April 14-16). Bad Bunny and Blackpink returned for weekend two, but Ocean was out after an apparent leg injury and brief weekend one set. He was replaced by weekend one surprise band, Blink-182, which was upgraded from the Sahara Tent to headlining the main Coachella Stage on the final evening of the festival on April 23.
The festival’s sister event, the Stagecoach Country Music Festival, which takes place at the same venue the weekend after both Coachella events on April 26-28, completely sold out in advance. That lineup is topped by Eric Church, Miranda Lambert and Morgan Wallen. It will also include turns from Jelly Roll, Post Malone, Luke Grimes, Elle King, Dwight Yoakam, Willie Nelson & Family, Leon Bridges, The Beach Boys, Clint Black, Pam Tillis and more.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group