By MARY MRAD FOR DAILY MAIL AUSTRALIA 
 Published:  23:03, 20 March 2024   |  Updated:  14:18, 22 March 2024   
 1
View  comments
Karl Stefanovic showed off his boxing skills as he stepped into the MMA ring with his Today co-host Alex Cullen on Thursday morning.
Karl, 49, and Alex, 43, got into the ring to promote Jake Gyllenhaal's new film Road House.
The TV hosts wore muscle print t-shirts as they entered to Lose Yourself by American rapper Eminem.
'We are putting Karl and Alex to the ultimate test. Do they have what it takes to fight like Conor [McGregor] and Jake? Here to get our men into fighting fit condition are Elvis and James from the King's Academy,' host Sarah Abo said.
The coaches then explained: ' 'We're going to teach one of Conor's moves that he used in the UFC. The push kick. We will use the knee. All these moves you will get to see in the movie.'
Karl Stefanovic showed off his boxing skills as he stepped into the MMA ring with his Today co-host Alex Cullen on Thursday morning
'Well you guys are more ripped then I thought you were so let's have it. Let's teach them,' Sarah joked.
Karl and Alex then practiced a few moves before awkwardly 'fighting' one another in the toe-curling skit.
Road House is a remake of a 1980s cult classic starring Patrick Swayze as New York bar bouncer James Dalton, who winds up working at a small-town nightclub.
In the film, Gyllenhaal plays a former UFC fighter who has retired from his career and becomes a bouncer at a bar in the Florida Keys.
The film co-stars Post Malone, Jessica Williams and Daniela Melchior.
Karl and Alex practised a few moves before fighting against one another in the cringeworthy segment
Jason Walsh previously opened up to DailyMail.com about what it took to get Jake in UFC fighter shape for the movie.
He has been training the Spider Man: Far From Home actor for eight years, but in order to get him into shape for Road House the pair worked out at Walsh's New York studio, Rise Nation.
The actor did high-intensity 30 minute VersaClimber workouts as well as lifted weights.
Karl, 49, and Alex, 43, got into the ring to promote Jake Gyllenhaal 's new film Road House 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group