The singer also talked about sampling Sixpence None the Richer's "Kiss Me" on her single "Moonlit Floor."

													By
												

	Gil Kaufman


	After recently scoring with her hit collab with Rosalía, “New Woman,” BLACKPINK’s LISA has already set her sights on her next potential woman power duet. In a chat with Audacy about her solo ventures, the 27-year-old rapper/singer said there were a “lot” of artists she would like to team up with on her future solo ventures, but only one she’s laser-focused on at the moment.

	“But for now that I can think of, Doja Cat. I love her,” Lisa said of the long list of other musicians she’d like to work with. “Doja Cat, for sure, is my next goal.”

	










	As for whether she was familiar with Sixpence None the Richer’s swoony 1998 Billboard Hot 100 No. 2 jangle pop ballad “Kiss Me” — which is interpolated on the singer’s solo single “Moonlit Floor” — LISA said she remembered her dad “always” playing it to her in the car when she was five or six-years-old. Calling it a full-circle moment, LISA said, “I was so happy! As soon as I heard the song I was like, ‘It’s that song!'” 

	LISA also gushed about how much she learned working with and observing Rosalía on the set of the “New Woman” video, marveling at the Spanish singer’s dedication and focus. “She’s amazing, she’s a professional, like every single take, that like action, she’s just doing her thing,” LISA said of her collaborator. “She just maintains her identity with her music, with her art and everything. So, yeah, I wanted to be someone like her that can maintain my identity.”

	The singer was also asked which artist’s music or songs lift her up when she’s feeling down, with LISA naming Post Malone’s “Sunflower” and Taylor Swift’s “Shake It Off” as the tune she dances to her in bathroom to brighten up her days.

	Watch LISA’s Audacy interview below.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.