The 2025 Grammy Awards nominees have been announced and Kendrick Lamar has earned seven nominations, including five for his hit Drake diss track "Not Like Us."
On Friday (Nov. 8), The Recording Academy rolled out the entire list of nominees for the 67th annual Grammy Awards, which is scheduled to take place in February. K-Dot is hip-hop's most highly represented artist having earned seven nods. The Compton, Calif. rapper's chart-topping single "Not Like Us" has been nominated for five awards including Song of the Year, Best Rap Performance, Best Rap Song, Record of the Year and Best Music Video. In addition, Future and Metro Boomin's "Like That" featuring Kendrick Lamar is also up for Best Rap Performance and Best Rap Song.
Kendrick enjoyed a 12-month run that did not include an album, but did include him being a part of some of the biggest moments in hip-hop. He returned to action following a hiatus on "Like That" in March, which debuted at No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100. He later engaged in an epic beef with Drake that produced the No. 1 hit "Not Like Us."
Post Malone also clocked seven noms. However, none were in rap-related categories. It is unclear if Posty even considers himself a rapper at this point having dropped a full-length country album earlier this year.
Other hip-hop artists up for multiple golden gramophones at the 2025 Grammy Awards include Eminem, Doechii, Chris Brown, Future, Metro Boomin and others. Beyoncé leads all nominees with 11.
The 2025 Grammy Awards will take place on Feb. 2, 2025, at Crypto.com Arena in Los Angeles.
Kendrick is hoping to follow in the footsteps of Killer Mike who walked away with multiple awards at the 2024 event. The Atlanta rapper swept the rap category earning the awards for Best Rap Album (Michael), Best Rap Song ("Scientists and Engineers" featuring André 3000, Future and Eryn Allen Kane, and Best Rap Performance ("Scientists and Engineers" featuring André 3000, Future and Eryn Allen Kane).
Check out all the rappers nominated for 2025 Grammy Awards below.