Support independent journalism, free from the trades and other publications that are part of the tinsel town machine.
For 12 years, Showbiz411.com has been covering Hollywood, Broadway, the music business and the business of celebrity. Ads are our main source of funding, but contributions (not tax exempt) from readers who enjoy the scoops, exclusives, and fact based reports are always welcome and very appreciated. To inquire about ads, email us at showbiz411@gmail.com.
Share
Last night’s Super Bowl game is going to be a record breaker, we know that.
The record now is 115 million total viewers for last years Chiefs-Eagles game. That was also the first time the Chiefs won the Super Bowl.
Last night the Chiefs made history by beating the 49ers for two wins in a row.
The game was great and exactly what the network wanted, with a cliffhanger first half and a nail biter second half. Going into overtime, for only the second time ever, added to the drama.
Plus, there was so much entertainment value: Usher on stage with Alicia Keys and HER, Reba McEntire and Post Malone at the opening, and then all the celebrities in the stands. Taylor Swift brought Blake Lively and Ice Spice, stars like Paul McCartney, Lady Gaga, and Leonardo Di Caprio were in the boxes. So much to look at!
And then of course Beyonce surprised everyone and stole the show by releasing a pair of singles announced during a Verizon commercial! This morning the songs are number 1 and 2 on iTunes.
SO hang on…early ratings should be in starting around 12 noon…
Showbiz411 is now in its 13th year of providing breaking and exclusive entertainment news. This is an independent site, unlike the many Hollywood trades that are owned by one company. To continue providing news that takes a fresh look at what's going on in movies, music, theater, etc, advertising is our basis. Reader donations would be greatly appreciated, too. They are just another facet of keeping fact based journalism alive.Thank you
Read more
Hollywood to the Hudson
Company
Trending
Categories
©	Showbiz411.com