Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
Home Bargains is selling a new line of shower gels that could save shoppers hundreds of pounds on designer versions. Costing just 99p each, fans say the store's latest Designer Fragrances body washes smell 'identical' to Thierry Mugler, Armani and Lancôme.
 On popular Facebook group, Extreme Couponing and Bargains UK, plenty of customers have shared their thoughts on the newly released budget alternatives. Sharing a picture of the new shower gels, one shopper called Sarah wrote: "For those who like the designer [products] this was Home bargains." 
Another shopper, called Katie, who shared her new purchase, added: "Body wash 99p each home bargains." Both posts quickly caught attention as masses of fellow group members rushed to share their reactions. Kirst said: "These are lush I got them pink it amazing."
Samantha replied: "They do the alien one too and it’s amazing." Heidi added: "I need these." Sophie claimed: "The pink one has a body spray that's so strong and smells exactly the same! Need to try the body wash too." Tania tagged a friend and typed: "We can bathe ourselves in our fav perfume."
 Mickey asked: "What are they meant to be??" Shoppers explained that the Tu Est Belle shower gel is said to smell similar to Lancôme's popular La Vie Est Belle perfume - which costs £125 for a 100ml bottle at The Perfume Shop. The body wash called Our Way has shoppers claiming it is 'identical' to Armani's My Way - which will also set you back £1250 for a 90ml bottle. 
 The third 99p body wash praised by shoppers was the XAlien shower gel that smells 'just like' Thierry Mugler's iconic Alien - available for £125 as well at The Perfume Shop. On its official Instagram page, Designer Fragrances shared a video of its three new shower gels in action. 
The brand captioned the post: "When you can’t decide which @designerfragrances.eu body wash to take into the shower… you take them all. Who’s managed to get their hands on our new body wash?"
Clean2keepsane replied: "Need, can’t wait for a trip to @homebargains." Another asked: "Are these in @homebargains, @designerfragrances.eu? i sooooo need all of these," to which the retailer replied: "Yes they are my lovely." Louise wrote: "Cannot wait to try these."
However, some people were left disappointed as they've struggled to find any in their local Home Bargains store. Claire said: "Still no luck on the bodywash." Sandra added: "We don’t have them in ours." Others were put off by the idea of using the perfumed shower gels, as Lindsay wrote: "I like the idea of these but they scream thrush."
 Elsewhere on the market, there are various other affordable fragranced shower gels to choose from. You can get Lancôme's La Vie Est Belle Softening Soothing Womens Shower Gel for £36 at Boots. Gucci's Memoire Shower Gel is on offer for £25 at The Fragrance shop. 
 You can get Jo Malone London's Pomegranate Noir Body and Hand Wash for £20 for a 100ml bottle on Look Fantastic. While at Debenhams, Versace's Bright Crystal Bath And Shower Gel 200ml is now £24 - was £30.