NFL football with the Super Bowl LVIII logo. (AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin)AP
Want to go to Super Bowl LVIII in Las Vegas? Get ready to pay the big bucks.
Seats to the highly anticipated rematch between the Kansas City Chiefs and San Francisco 49ers are going for an average price of $9,815 each so far, according to reseller TickPick. Bloomberg reports that price is 70% more than last year’s game, which was held in Arizona. The previous record of $7,046 was set in 2021 in Tampa, Florida when the game was played at sharply reduced capacity due to the pandemic.
READ MORE: Get your San Francisco 49ers NFC champions gear now
The cheapest tickets for this year’s game are $8,188, which is more than 50% more expensive than the cheapest ticket price of last year’s Super Bowl during this time, when it cost $5,997, according to CNN.
One major factor for the sky-high prices is location. Las Vegas is a “big factor for the record-high demand,” Brett Goldberg, the co-CEO of TickPick, told CNN, because the “location is turning a three-hour game into a week full of festivities for fans attending.
Major brand appearances, such as the famous Budweiser Clydesdales, will be a part of this year’s Super Bowl entertainment lineup. Country music hall of famer Reba McEntire, Grammy award-winning R&B singer Andra Day, and rapper Post Malone will perform during the pre-game show. Grammy-winner Usher will headline the Apple Music Super Bowl Halftime Show
The Super Bowl 58 will be played at Allegiant Stadium in Las Vegas on Sunday, Feb. 11, 2024, and will air on CBS.
READ MORE: Here’s how to get your Kansas City Chiefs AFC Championship gear
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices