Leading up to the release of his F-1 Trillion album on Friday (Aug. 16), Post Malone "Had Some Help" from his favorite football team.
Posty -- who's a Texas native -- is a noted Dallas Cowboys fan, and apparently, the love is mutual. Cowboys quarterback Dak Prescott subtly tucked F-1 Trillion track titles into his answers during a recent press conference, as he reassured reporters that an ankle injury won't impact his upcoming season.
While football fans might be more concerned about "anklegate," country fans' ears likely perked up when Prescott slipped "Pour Me a Drink" -- the title of Malone's duet with Blake Shelton -- into a joke at the beginning of the quarterback's answer.
"We're talking about the 'Finer Things.' I think it 'Goes Without Saying' that I'm fine," Prescott continued, name-checking Post's duets with Hank Williams Jr. and Brad Paisley, respectively.
In total, Prescott referenced eight of F-1 Trillion's eighteen songs (not counting the nine additional bonus tracks Post surprised fans with on release day.) At the end, one person at the press conference seemed to catch onto the fact that something was afoot with Prescott's responses, and asked him if he was alright.
"Just trying to be present. Just trying to be where my feet are," the NFL star grinned back. "Gotta 'Have the Heart.'" ("Have the Heart" is Post's collab with Dolly Parton.)
Related: Every Song on Post Malone's F-1 Trillion Album, Ranked
Name-checking goes both ways between Prescott and Post. The singer's late-2018 hit "Wow" features a reference to Prescott.
Of course, the country genre has some history with the Dallas Cowboys, too. Last Thanksgiving, Parton rocked a Cowboys cheerleader outfit as she performed the halftime show for Dallas' game against the Washington Commanders.
Carena Liptak is an Associate Editor and staff writer at Taste of Country. She specializes in breaking country music news, interviews and lists. In particular, she’s got a soft spot for sad songs — check out her roundup of the 50 Saddest Country Songs of All Time!
Gallery Credit: Billy Dukes