Receive the latest in local entertainment news in your inbox weekly!
E-edition PLUS unlimited articles & videos
Personalized news alerts with our mobile app
*FREE access to newspapers.com archives
Hundreds of games, puzzles & comics online
*Refers to the latest 2 years of stltoday.com stories. Cancel anytime.
Mariah Carey performs during the Global Citizen Festival on Saturday, Sept. 24, 2022, at Central Park in New York. (Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP)
Get ready for a comedy invasion as stand-ups, sketch comedians, improv troupes and more head to town in November. The Flyover Comedy Festival is bringing over 150 comedians to the stage for its annual three-day event with headlining performances from Patton Oswalt and Tig Notaro. Beyond the festival, comedians Joe Torry, Steve-O and Eddie Griffin also have shows this month, plus, there are concerts from ZZ Top, Ben Folds, Fantasia, Mariah Carey and more.
Ben Folds
Emmy-nominated singer, composer and songwriter Ben Folds has made it clear that he enjoys working. However, creating in the studio and performing came to a halt in August when Folds tested positive for COVID and rescheduled his original Aug. 18 St. Louis tour date. Thankfully, the mastermind behind rock group Ben Folds Five is back in good health and hitting the stage with actress and singer Lindsey Kraft, who is also featured on the song “We Could Have This” from Folds’ upcoming Christmas album “Sleigher.”
Classical musicians are changing the way listeners experience mainstream pop music and leading the way is the Vitamin String Quartet. The four instrumentalists have released more than 300 songs since forming in 1999, and fans of the Netflix show “Bridgerton” fell in love with the group after hearing its music on Seasons 1 and 2. VSQ uses its strings to reimagine pop songs from artists such as the Beatles, Kanye West, Adele and more. Now, the quartet is on the road performing Taylor Swift covers, tracks from "Bridgerton" and a host of other pop songs with a classical twist.
Fantasia
Grammy Award-winning singer, actress and author Fantasia has come a long way since winning Season 3 of "American Idol" in 2004. Her debut album “Free Yourself” is certified platinum. She’s been nominated for a Golden Globe Award, starred in the movie adaptation of the Broadway musical “The Color Purple” and even was named one of the 100 Most Influential People by Time in 2024. Although the singer hasn’t released an album since “Sketchbook” in 2019, expect a night of hits with songs like “When I See You,” “Bittersweet” and “Free Yourself.” Enjoy a special guest performance from soulful crooner Anthony Hamilton before Fantasia hits the stage.
Just five years after emerging onto the music scene, rapper and singer Rod Wave is being hailed as a major force in trap-soul music. He first made waves after his song “Heart on Ice” went viral on TikTok. His sad-boy crooning and emotional lyrics discussing heartbreak, pain and grief gained him a loyal fanbase. Since then, Rod Wave has dropped six studio albums, with songs from his latest, “Last Lap,” occupying the top spots on the Apple Music Top 100 Songs USA charts since it was released on Oct. 11. Expect to hear songs from his new album as well as millennial trap-soul favorites. Plus there will be opening sets from rappers Moneybagg Yo, Toosii, St. Louis–native Dess Dior and more.
Lupe Fiasco
Rapper Lupe Fiasco can go bar-for-bar with the best emcees. His lyricism is precise and strategic, making “Samurai” the perfect title for the wordsmith-warrior's newest album. Fans have noticed the evolution of Lupe Fiasco since the “Kick, Push” rapper first emerged out of Chicago in 2006. Today Lupe Fiasco remains dedicated to storytelling and shining a light on the realities of urban culture through rap. Expect to hear songs from his new album and hopefully a few classic joints like “The Coolest,” “The Show Goes On” and “Superstar.”
ZZ Top
Who knew that three rock ’n’ roll-fueled Texas boys playing blues-inspired guitar riffs would one day become the godfathers of rock? ZZ Top has been jamming together for more than 50 years, creating iconic records like “La Grange” and “Tush.” The trio can't all be back to gether again though, original bassist Dusty Hill died in 2021. Vocalist Billy Gibbons and drummer Frank Beard added their longtime guitar tech Elmwood Francis to the lineup to continue to rock.
Tig Notaro will co-headline the first night of the Flyover Comedy Festival.
Comedy is taking over St. Louis in November as the Flyover Comedy Festival brings more than 150 comedians to town for three days of laughs, improv and sketches. Comedian and “King of Queens” star Patton Oswalt co-headlines the festival alongside Grammy-nominated stand-up comedian Tig Notaro. Ben Bailey, Jackie Fabulous, St. Louis–natives the Skylar Brothers and more than 50 St. Louis-based comedians will also perform. Festival events are spread out across 10 stages at multiple venues, primarily in the Grove neighborhood, with multiday wristband passes, single-event tickets and free open improv jam sessions.
With its acoustic sound and otherworldly musical vibes, the Spill Canvas has been creating heartfelt, emotional songs since the early 2000s. “All of You” became a millennial punk rock anthem, with the song reaching No. 2 on the Billboard Heat Seekers chart. However, the band started out as a solo act. Singer and guitarist Nick Thomas changed course after linking up with fellow bandmates bassist Alan Burkhand and violinist Hannah Peskey, who have since left the group. Despite changing members and taking a brief hiatus, Spill Canvas is still rocking out, performing fan favorites on their “Bottle of Red” tour.  
Comedian and St. Louis native Joe Torry addresses the audience before a benefit concert on Wednesday, Feb. 21, 2024, featuring Branford and Wynton Marsalis at Grand Center. The two accomplished jazz legend brothers rarely perform together.
Joe Torry won fans as the former host of Def Comedy Jam, an HBO television series showcasing stand-up comedy stars in the 1990s. He also starred in major films like “Poetic Justic” alongside Janet Jackson and Tupac and “Strictly Business” with Sam Jackson and Halle Berry. The St. Louis native says he draws comedic inspiration from all around him, resulting in unfiltered, raw jokes on stage and on the big and small screens.
Eddie Griffin
You might remember stand-up comedian and actor Eddie Griffin from the 2002 film comedy “Undercover Brother.” You might have caught him on a few episodes of “Malcolm in the Middle” or as the Pastor opposite Lady Gaga and Bradley Copper in 2018 film “A Star is Born.” Griffin has been around the comedy block more than a few times. His blunt, in-your-face style has made him a favorite for stand-up lovers and a trending topic in the media with his raw, sometimes shocking, takes on politics and pop culture. The Kansas City, Missouri, native brings his stand-up flair to the Factory. 
Steve-O
If you’ve ever watched the reality shock-comedy series “Jackass,” you know comedian and stuntman Steve-O is a risk taker. The daredevil has crossed a tightrope over an alligator pit, played tetherball with a ball covered with 50,000 bees and even let rapper Post Malone tattoo a penis on his face recently for Steve-O's 50th birthday. Somehow, Steve-O still balances out his shenanigans with his boyish charm. He and his fiancée are planning to start an animal sanctuary. His memoir “Professional Idiot” is a New York Times best seller, and he’s celebrating 16 years of sobriety. 
BigXthaPlug
Although BigXthaPlug may be a hip-hop newcomer, he’s making some major moves. The Dallas rapper released his debut studio album “Amar” in February 2023. However, his sophomore album “Take Care,” released a few weeks ago, is establishing BigXthaPlug as the guy to watch. The album is unapologetic, shedding light on the rapper’s muddied past of overcoming trauma and struggles while backed by vintage-style production. He brings his “Take Care” tour to the Pageant along with rappers Ro$ama and Yung Hood.
El Alfa
Latin music artist El Alfa has been dominating the charts in the Dominican Republic. He’s bringing his island vibes and dance-inducing rhythms to the Factory for what he described to Billboard as “the best (concert) on the planet.” El Alfa’s current tour comes after years of success. He's earned three platinum- and four gold-certified albums and has been recognized as one of the 400 most listened to artists worldwide on Spotify. Expect to hear songs from his 2023 album “El Rey Del Dembow,” such as “La Botella” featuring Enrique Iglesias.
Mariah Carey
There isn’t much to say about superstar Mariah Carey that most folks don’t already know. Yes, she has been a music force since she was a teenager. Yes, she has sold over 200 million records. And yes, Carey has been thawing out all year patiently waiting to serenade us with her holiday hit “All I Want for Christmas Is You.” It may be fair to say that Carey is the R&B queen of the holiday season, and she’s making a list and checking it twice as she stops in St. Louis for her “Christmas Time” tour.
Steve Ewing performs with the Urge at Wayback Pointfest in 2019 at Hollywood Casino Amphitheatre.
St. Louis–based band the Urge is headlining a show at the Pageant, bringing its lighthearted, rap-ska-rock flair back to its hometown. Frontman Steve Ewing is the owner of Steve’s Hot Dogs, which just opened a new location on Delmar Boulevard. However, when Ewing isn’t wielding his hot dog magic, he’s behind the mic with the Urge and has been since he joined the band in 1987. The Urge is St. Louis rock royalty. It was the first local band to release its music on CD and sold thousands of discs at its shows by 1995. After its 1998 song “Jump Right In” landed in the Top 10 of Billboard’s Modern Rock chart, the band took off. While the Urge officially broke up in 2001, the guys come together regularly for reunion shows and released their last album, “Galvanized,” in 2013.
Tom O'Keefe, booking and marketing manager at the Family Arena, breaks down some simple ways to make sure you're paying the best price for concert tickets. 
Receive the latest in local entertainment news in your inbox weekly!
His "A Quiet Celebration" tour shows off the songwriting legend's chops by minimizing flashy extras.
The MC will perform with the St. Louis Symphony Orchestra at a concer that will also feature the Sugar Hill Gang.
The concert is also revamping its VIP and allowing concertgoers to bring in chairs — but there's a catch.
If you've ever seen a Bugs Bunny cartoon, you're familiar with some of the music in "Peer Gynt" from composer Edvard Grieg.
Nicks shares how he went from trauma to triumph after a rough childhood and created the popular gospel song "That's My King."
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.