By 

	Todd Spangler

NY Digital Editor

	Good mythical new year! Rhett & Link are taking their popular YouTube talk show “Good Mythical Morning” on the road for the first time.

	The creators, comedians, entrepreneurs and lifelong pals are launching the Good Mythical Tour, scheduled to hit nine cities across the country this spring. It kicks off May 28, 2024, at The Wiltern in L.A. and ends at Philadelphia’s Academy of Music on June 9. (Full tour dates and ticketing info below.)





	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					What an AI War on Copyright Law Could Mean for Content Creators		
			














	
		
					Elizabeth Murphy Burns, Trailblazing Broadcast TV Exec, Dies at 79		
			








	The duo (full names: Rhett McLaughlin and Link Neal) are the founders and heads of internet-first entertainment studio Mythical and hosts of “Good Mythical Morning,” now in its 11th year, which is the longest-running talk show on YouTube. 

	










			Popular on Variety		






	The live shows will feature “Good Mythical Morning” fan-favorite segments, classic games, music and “mayhem,” plus appearances from “GMM” executive producer Stevie Wynne Levine, Mythical Kitchen chef Josh Scherer and others. Fans “may even become part of the show themselves,” the company teased. It’s the first set of live shows tied to “Good Mythical Morning” and the first tour for Rhett & Link since 2019. 

	“We’ve been hosting ‘Good Mythical Morning’ for 12 years now, but it’s always been in 2D. We’ve been in 3D the whole time, but the audience has had to watch us and the Mythical Crew on a 2D screen. So we thought, why not bring our 3D selves to multiple 3D cities with big 3D audiences?” Rhett & Link said in a statement provided to Variety. “To be clear, Good Mythical Tour is an awesome, first-of-its-kind, live show version of ‘Good Mythical Morning,’ not a 3D movie. That may have been confusing.”

	Rhett & Link grew up in North Carolina and met on the first day of first grade in detention after writing profanities on their desks — and their teacher sentenced them to color pictures of mythical beasts. They started posting videos on YouTube in 2006; today, “Good Mythical Morning” has more than 25 million YouTube fans. Their company’s shows have featured celebrity guests including Tom Hanks, Post Malone, Jack Black, Amy Schumer, Daniel Radcliffe, Megan Fox, John Boyega, Madison Beer and boy band NCT Dream.

	In 2019, Mythical completed its first significant M&A transaction by acquiring the Smosh comedy brand (after the collapse of Smosh’s then-parent company Defy Media). Last summer, Rhett & Link sold Smosh back to founders Anthony Padilla and Ian Hecox, retaining a minority stake.

	










	Tickets for the Good Mythical Tour shows start at $45. Fans can sign up for presale access at goodmythicaltour.com. Tickets will be available first to registered users of Rhett & Link’s Mythical Society starting Wednesday, Jan. 10, at 10 a.m. local time and close Jan. 11 at 10 p.m. local time. Local presale will be on Jan. 11 from 10 a.m.-10 p.m. local times. General on-sale will open Friday, Jan. 12, at 10 a.m. local time.

	2024 Good Mythical Tour dates:
The Business of Entertainment