Over a month later, people are still talking about Chris Stapleton's performance of "Think I'm In Love With You" with Dua Lipa at the 59th Annual ACM Awards (5/16). The performance got a standing ovation and, of course, marked yet another incredible performance from Stapleton, adding to the list of standout awards show performances.
So, how did this collaboration come about? Chris says that it was actually Dua's idea to team up together on the awards show. He said after the performance, "As far as I know, it was Dua's idea (laughs)."
His wife Morgane added, "It was. She reached out." Stapleton continued, "She reached out to the ACMs and suggested that we do something, and then we got on the phone with her, and she was just a wonderful person to talk to and collaborate with, and we knew that was going to work pretty much immediately from one phone call."
The ACM Entertainer of the Year concluded, "It was very exciting and a very fun way to get to collaborate with somebody, and she's a wonderful collaborator with a wonderful creative spirit and talent, and I feel very lucky."
The live surprise performance was recorded live at this year's ACM Awards in Frisco, Texas; the duet features Stapleton and Dua Lipa alongside Stapleton's band, The Honchos, as well as a 13-piece string section.
RELATED: Travis And Jason Kelce Sound Off On Country Music
Stapleton is, of course, a very in-demand collaborator. In the video below, you can see Post Malone jumping up and down in the recording studio and grinning ear to ear, listening to the playback of his new collaboration with Stapleton. Posty shared a clip of his excitement in the studio on his Insta Stories and TikTok this week. He wrote over the video, "This one's with @chrisstapleton."
Part of the upbeat song, which we don't know the title of yet, sings in the clip, "She said, Baby, give me one more kiss before I kiss you goodbye."
Keeping score on Post Malone's collaborations on his upcoming country record:
Morgan Wallen on "I Had Some Help" (released) - This is a fun music video in a bar, with Morgan and Posty singing and playing guitar in the bed of a pickup truck.
Blake Shelton "Pour Me a Drink" (released) - Another fun music video where Malone and Blake sing and play guitar in the back of a pickup truck and party outside.
Luke Combs on "Ain't Got a Guy for That" this one is not out yet.

                    Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!