By Dessi Gomez 
SEO Staff Writer

Taylor Swift‘s Eras tour has officially come to an end. The series of stadium jaunts began in March 2023 in the United States, stretching through the end of the year with an announcement of the re-recorded 1989 (Taylor’s Version) on the last night of the domestic leg in Los Angeles. 

	Right as she picked the tour back up in 2024, Swift flew from Tokyo, Japan to Allegiant Stadium in Paradise, Nevada (where she had previously performed) to watch her beau Travis Kelce and his NFL team the Kansas City Chiefs win the Super Bowl. She also had to take a brief hiatus after it was unsafe for her to perform in Vienna, Austria.

	










	Throughout the almost two-year tour, she found ways to keep the show fresh and new for those who have been waiting since she opened in Phoenix, Arizona to see her. In the entire timespan of the tour, Swift released two rerecorded albums — Speak Now (Taylor’s Version) and 1989 (Taylor’s Version) in addition to a brand-new double album, The Tortured Poets Department. 


			Watch on Deadline		






	Every show on the Eras Tour involved an acoustic set during which Swift performed at least two songs custom to that night’s show. At first, she didn’t allow herself repeats unless she messed up the lyrics to a song, but she did away with that rule and got more creative by combining songs in mashups and playing up to five in a segment. The first song or three took place on guitar, and then she shifted to piano for the second half before diving beneath the stage to resume the setlist – which contracted and expanded in 2024 to include a Tortured Poets Department era and set.

	Below you’ll find Taylor Swift’s surprise songs that she played most recently in Europe as well as a record of all those she played on the entire tour. The reverse chronological timeline lists the songs all the way back to the beginning.

U.S./North America Leg End of 2024:

International Leg 2024

RELATED: ‘Taylor Swift Vs Scooter Braun: Bad Blood’ Doc Set At Discovery+ UK

	April 19 – The Tortured Poets Department release day

	*Resuming her European tour in 2024 involved an additional set for the record-breaking The Tortured Poets Department complete with 7 staple songs. Most — “Fortnight (feat. Post Malone),” “Down Bad,” “But Daddy I Love Him,” “Who’s Afraid of Little Old Me?” “I Can Do It With A Broken Heart,” “The Smallest Man Who Ever Lived” from the first half and “So High School” from the second half. 

	










RELATED: Taylor Swift Cancels ‘Eras Tour’ Shows In Vienna After Planned Terrorist Attack

International Leg 2023

RELATED: Taylor Swift Breaks Yet Another Record In The UK, After A Historical Week On Spotify

United States Leg 2023

RELATED: Matty Healy Reacts To Taylor Swift’s “Diss Track” From ‘The Tortured Poets Department’

Songs That Weren’t Played:

From Taylor Swift (her debut album) – All songs have been played at least once.

Fearless (Taylor’s Version)

Speak Now (Taylor’s Version) – All songs have been played at least once.

Red (Taylor’s Version)

1989 (Taylor’s Version) – All songs have been played at least once including “Sweeter Than Fiction (Taylor’s Version)”.

Reputation – One of two rerecorded albums awaiting release. All songs have been played.

Lover











Folklore – All songs have been played at least once.

Evermore – All songs have been played at least once.

Midnights All songs have been played at least once.

RELATED: ‘Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour’ Movie Profits

The Tortured Poets Department – All songs have been played at least once.

Grab-bag (songs not attached to specific albums):
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.