The ad also features a mini Suits reunion.

													By
												

	Hannah Dailey


Meghan Trainor serves both glowy skin and her civic duty in e.l.f Cosmetics’ 2024 Super Bowl ad.

	The beauty brand shared their game day ad this week on YouTube, featuring the “All About That Bass” singer sitting on the juror’s bench as a court correspondent while Judge Judy — who in this universe goes by “Judge Beauty” — presides over a faux case. The plaintiff and defendant are played by Suits‘ Rick Hoffman and Gina Torres, respectively.

	When Torres’ character is found guilty for spending company funds on overpriced makeup — which “isn’t even cruelty-free,” as Trainor passionately points out — she is sentenced to use e.l.f’s halo glow liquid filter.

	“Here are the eyes.lips.facts: Culture and community are what drive us down the field everytime,” said the company’s chief marketing officer, Kory Marchisotto, in a statement. “We’re leaninginto the true diversity of the Big Game and carving a path that proves beauty not only belongsthere, but everywhere. Our community trusts us to put them at the center of the conversation,and this campaign is going to do just that.”

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	The ad also stars fellow Suits alum Sarah Rafferty, Jury Duty breakout star Ronald Gladden, RuPaul’s Drag Race star Heidi N Closet, comedian Benito Skinner and former NFL linebacker Emmanuel Acho.

	This year’s Super Bowl kicks off Sunday (Feb. 11) at Las Vegas’ Allegiant Stadium, where the Kansas City Chiefs will defend their title against the San Francisco 49ers. Following performances from Post Malone and Reba McEntire pre-game, Usher will take the stage to lead the halftime show.

	Trainor’s album Takin’ It Back arrived in October 2022 and peaked at No. 16 on the Billboard 200. Its single “Made You Look” reached No. 11 on the Billboard Hot 100.

	See her in e.l.f’s new commercial below.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.