At this point, I feel pretty confident that when Taylor Swift takes the stage in Paris just over 48 hours from now, we will be seeing a different version of the record-breaking Eras Tour. Just how different? That's the only thing that remains to be seen. 
Why do I feel this way? For one, anything else would be a missed opportunity. Swift just had the biggest sales debut of her 18-year career with the April 19th release of The Tortured Poets Department. So why would you not include a Tortured Poets Eras set? 
Sure she could make her way through the album using one of the two surprise songs to play a different Tortured Poets track each night. And I think that will happen more often than not. But I also think there will be a dedicated "era" in the tour for her most recent release. 
Other than intuition (which as 17 years of being a Swift fan I have a pretty good grasp on) there is some other evidence of why this most likely will happen. 
The first being the large break in the Eras Tour. The last show was on Saturday, March 9th in Singapore. Swift will perform again two months later in Paris on Thursday, May 9th. 
Yes, transporting the massive stage was a huge reason for that break. But that doesn't mean it wasn't also planned around rehearsals for something new. 
And clips in the videos shared as part of the social media "For A Fortnight" challenge, showed Taylor rehearsing. With new set pieces and a "TTPD" logo on one of those set pieces. 
So in my mind, only three questions remain. What, if anything, changes on the setlist to accommodate this new era? If songs are omitted, I'd expect them to be the ones left out of the theatrical version of The Eras Tour movie. 
This would be "The Archer", "Tis The Damn Season", "Wildest Dreams", "Cardigan", and "Long Live". In a perfect world, she would just add this era and keep everything. Yes, I'm aware the show is over 3 hours and 15 minutes long. Yes, I know this would make it around 3 hours and 45 minutes. A girl can dream. 
The next question is where in the set would/will the new era be? The easiest would be the end. And it's one of the two most likely. But "Karma" makes such a good closing song. So I wouldn't be surprised if she slipped The Tortured Poets Department in somewhere else. 
Perhaps, after the surprise songs or between Red and Folklore. She ends the Red set with the 10-minute version of "All Too Well". While vocally long, performance-wise it does give her a physical break. Folklore is a more subdued set as all, so inserting a more physically demanding upbeat set in between the two makes the most sense to me. 
And the final, most important question. What songs will she include? With 31 tracks on the total album there is a lot to choose from. I saw a post from Billboard that had their predictions and I agree somewhat.
But here are the predictions on what I believe will be the Tortured Poets Department Eras Tour setlist. And you best believe I'll be tuning in to a live stream Thursday afternoon to see what happens! 
This one is the obvious choice. I'm not a better and I'd bet money that the first single from The Tortured Poets Department will be on the setlist. This track, which features Post Malone is setting streaming records left and right. So I expect to hear "Fortnight" on a grainy live stream Thursday afternoon.
Not only is "The Tortured Poets Department" the title track, it is one of the catchiest tracks. Not including this would be a missed opportunity. And the typewriter energy? Yes, please. Imagine screaming "who uses typewriters anyway" in a stadium.
While it wasn't on my first listen, "But Daddy I Love Him" has quickly become one of my favorite tracks on the album. It would be a fun upbeat addition to the setlist and includes so many incredible lyrics that would be a must to hear live. Besides the obvious" Screaming but Daddy I love him" I'm personally hopeful for the moment of
"I'll tell you something right nowI'd rather burn my whole life downThan listen to one more second of all this griping and moaningI'll tell you something about my good nameIt's mine alone to disgraceI don't cater to all these vipers dressed in empath's clothing"
Actually, experiencing this entire song life is not a want it's a need at this point.
If Taylor does indeed put The Tortured Poets Department set at the end of the show, I can see this being the new closing song. A track written about The Eras Tour, and how the whole world had no idea what she was fighting through watching her on stage every night, just feels right to be included. It's another one of my favorite tracks as well so you may call it wishful thinking.
While there are so many big songs on the album, any setlist deserves to highlight an acoustic moment. And while selfishly I want all of them, "So Long London" seems like the best choice. Just Swift and a guitar or piano would make for an incredibly powerful and emotional moment. One this album deserves.
While I personally expect 5 songs for the set, I'm including 6 on this list. Partially because I'm not sure we get that slowed-down moment of "So Long London". But also because this song, while not my personal favorite, is catchy and almost begging to be a single. "Down Bad" seems made for performing live, which is why I do expect it will be.
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!