The song appears on Bey's freshly released 'COWBOY CARTER' album.

							By 

	Regina Cho

Associate News Editor

Beyoncé‘s highly anticipated COWBOY CARTER album officially made its debut last night, and the body of work was filled with many pleasant surprises. In addition to its already star-studded list of collaborators that includes Dolly Parton, Willie Nelson, Post Malone, Shaboozey, Willie Jones, The-Dream, Raphael Saadiq, Pharrell Williams, and more, one very special guest was Beyoncé’s daughter, Rumi Carter.

	“Protector” appears early in the album as the fourth song on the tracklist, and is a tender love song  between her and her second-born daughter. The song begins with Rumi’s sweet voice saying, “Mom, can I hear the lullaby? Please?”

	The “Crazy In Love” singer responds by singing her a song about always being there to protect her children, but knowing one day she has to let them fully spread their wings. “And I will lead you down that road if you lose your way/ Born to be a protector/ Even though I know someday you’re gonna shine on your own/ I will be your projector, hm-mm,” Bey croons over simple guitar strums. 















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Beyoncé Celebrates Tina Knowles' No. 1 Memoir At 'Cowboy Carter' Second LA Show		
			







	On the bridge of the song, the 42-year-old superstar also references Rumi’s resemblance to her father, JAY-Z, and their family lineage, singing, “I first saw your face in your father’s gaze/ There’s a long line of hands carryin’ your name, mm/ Liftin’ you up, so you will be raised.”

	This isn’t the first time Bey collaborated with one of her kids, as Rumi is following in the footsteps of her older sister, Blue Ivy. The first-born child of Bey and Jay was the highlight of last year’s RENAISSANCE Tour thanks to her fearlessly taking center stage almost every night during “My Power” and “Alright.” 

	Ahead of the release, the mother of three penned an open letter about the accolades she’s already received with the LP’s first two singles, “TEXAS HOLD ‘EM” and “16 CARRIAGES.” The singer made history as the first Black woman to top Billboard‘s Hot Country Songs chart.

	“Thank you from the bottom of my heart to all of the supporters of TEXAS HOLD ‘EM and 16 CARRIAGES. I feel honored to be the first Black woman with the number one single on the Hot Country Songs chart. That would not have happened without the outpouring of support from each and every one of you,” Bey began.

	The Houston native then delved into how COWBOY CARTER was an album that took over five years to make, her experience not feeling welcomed at the Country Music Awards, and the history of country music.

	“Because of that experience, I did a deeper dive into the history of country music and studied our rich musical archive,” the Grammy award-winner continued. “It feels good to see how music can unite so many people around the world, while also amplifying the voices of some of the people who have dedicated so much of their lives educating on our musical history.”

	Revisit her open letter below and listen to “Protector” from COWBOY CARTER above.
A post shared by Beyoncé (@beyonce)
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.