Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Justin Bieber and Post Malone are among the stars included in Michael D. Ratner's film 'Kids Are Growing Up.'

							By 

	Ryan Gajewski

Senior Entertainment Reporter

	A documentary feature about the swift rise to fame for singer The Kid Laroi is heading to Prime Video.

	The 20-year-old musician, known for the 2021 hit “Stay” that he performed with Justin Bieber, is the focus of filmmaker Michael D. Ratner’s forthcoming movie Kids Are Growing Up. The film from Amazon MGM Studios is set to begin streaming Feb. 29 on Prime Video. 



	The project hails from OBB Pictures and follows The Kid Laroi — whose real name is Charlton Howard — from his upbringing in Australia to his recent success, including his 2020 single “Without You” that was later remixed to include Miley Cyrus‘ vocals. Interviews from Laroi, Bieber and Post Malone are featured in the documentary that also documents the singer dealing with mental health struggles and the 2019 death of mentor Juice Wrld.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	News
			



	
		
					Singer-Songwriter Jill Sobule "Filled The Room With This Whirlwind of Whimsy"		
			














	
	News
			



	
		
					Dual Lawsuits Accuse and Deny José Menendez's Alleged Sexual Assaults of Menudo Members		
			








Kids Are Growing Up takes its name from a track off of The Kid Laroi’s 2023 debut album, The First Time, which peaked at No. 26 on the Billboard albums chart. The documentary’s trailer is set to be released Wednesday and teases a new song from The Kid Laroi that will be available to stream March 1 via Amazon Music.

	“Thank you to the incredible teams at OBB Pictures and Amazon MGM Studios for their support in sharing my story,” said Howard in a statement. “I can’t wait for audiences to see this behind-the-scenes portrayal of my journey, which perfectly encapsulates some of the most rewarding and challenging years of my life and career so far.” 

	In his own statement, OBB founder and CEO Ratner praised Laroi’s story as “truly inspirational” and added, “At OBB we strive to partner with the most talented people in the world, and we’re so honored that Laroi and his family trusted us to tell this incredible story.”

	Ratner produces Kids Are Growing Up alongside Scott Ratner, Kfir Goldberg and Arlen Konopaki. The Kid Laroi is represented by UTA, while Michael D. Ratner is repped by CAA and Yorn Levine.
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.