Taylor Swift tickets have been hard to come by but you can still secure your own tickets at her last 2024 Eras Tour shows in the UK using viagogo.
Click here to get yours now. 
Vivid Seats is also a ticket resale website that is selling Taylor Swift tickets to fans through the second-hand market.
Click here to get yours now.
Next month, Taylor Swift will finally return to the UK to play five more shows at London's Wembley Stadium.
This exciting string of gigs will conclude her British Eras Tour shows once and for all. However, many fans did not manage to get tickets to her upcoming final shows.
Now, there is another way to experience some of Taylor Swift's music in the coming weeks.
Candlelight: A Tribute to Taylor Swift is hitting London's exceptional Central Hall Westminster on Friday, August 16, 2024, at 18:30, to celebrate the star's music with a full string quartet.
Here's everything you need to know about how to get involved.
  Don't miss...    Royal Family place Taylor Swift ‘at the top’ of list for celebrity engagements  
Sites such as Viagogo and Vivid Seats allow fans to buy resale tickets from other fans. However, it is important to note that many event promoters say tickets should not be resold after initial purchase and will not be valid for admittance to gigs.
Fans attending live events with tickets acquired through resale websites are advised to double-check the ticket terms and conditions at the point of sale - such as Ticketmaster or Live Nation - to ensure a smooth live event experience. Tickets could be voided if they were found to be bought second-hand. As a result, fans are buying at their own risk.
With that said, viagogo also commented: "viagogo is a regulated marketplace where fans are backed by a guarantee."
We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy
Tickets for the Candlelight: A Tribute to Taylor Swift are out right now from Fever.
Here's the link you need:
Buy Candlelight: A Tribute to Taylor Swift tickets here.
These tickets are still readily available, and there are six different seat types to choose from - all of which offer different viewing experiences and prices.
Firstly, there's a restricted view ticket which is available for just £20. This likely gives viewers a more aural experience.
  Don't miss...    Taylor Swift’s best album gets discount on Amazon ahead of UK Eras Tour  
After that, there are Zones D, C, B and A tickets, which cost £25, £35, £44 and £49 each respectively. Each of these seats are spread out around Central Hall Westminster, providing different experiences.
Finally, there's the premium tickets which come in at £59. And while they look sold out for now, keep an eye out, as they could still offer more in the coming weeks.
The string quartet hosting the Candlelit Taylor Swift concert is none other than the London Sessions Quartet. And their setlist has already been revealed. You can see that on the left of this page.
However, if you would rather experience Taylor Swift's music viscerally, there is still a way to get tickets to the upcoming Wembley Stadium shows. Here's everything you need to know:
Taylor Swift tickets have been hard to come by but you can still secure your own tickets at her last 2024 Eras Tour shows in the UK using viagogo.
Click here to get yours now. 
Vivid Seats is also a ticket resale website that is selling Taylor Swift tickets to fans through the second-hand market.
Click here to get yours now.
Taylor Swift played three enormous gigs at London's Wembley Stadium in June before jetting off to mainland Europe.
Next month, beginning on August 15, Taylor will be returning to the capital for five more at the 90,000-person capacity stadium.
And, although tickets for the Eras Tour were first released back in 2023 - and subsequently sold out - there is still a way to get more right now.
By looking on viagogo and Vivid Seats, resale tickets will allow fans to track down their ideal tickets for the Eras Tour.
With that said, they may be a little more expensive than you're expecting. At the time of writing, some tickets are being priced at just over £400 for a seated ticket. Some others have been priced at just above £600.
Here's the links you need:
VIAGOGO - Buy Taylor Swift resale tickets here.
VIVID SEATS - Buy Taylor Swift resale tickets here.
STUBHUB - Buy Taylor Swift resale tickets here.
Taylor Swift tickets have been hard to come by but you can still secure your own tickets at her last 2024 Eras Tour shows in the UK using viagogo.
Click here to get yours now. 
Vivid Seats is also a ticket resale website that is selling Taylor Swift tickets to fans through the second-hand market.
Click here to get yours now.
SEARCH
CONNECT WITH US
TODAY'S PAPER
 See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive.
EXPRESS.CO.UK
Daily Express uses notifications to keep you updated