Today's Digital Daily	
			



	
			Today's Digital Daily	
			

Post Malone and Machine Gun Kelly were also among the attendees at Thursday's concert.
Senior Digital News Writer

Gwen Stefani embraced inspiration from the world of country for her casual attire at CMA Fest in Nashville on Thursday. The “Sweet Escape” singer elevated her look by embracing the peekaboo bra layering trend, which a number of celebs have incorporated into their red carpet wardrobes as of late. 

	For the first night of CMA Fest, Stefani wore an oversize, long-sleeve flannel in shades of green, orange, black and white. The singer harkened back to her punk rock style with a pair of denim short-shorts and black tights featuring an intricately designed floral pattern. 

	Beneath Stefani’s flannel, which was only buttoned at the collar, the singer wore an exposed black bra. She accessorized her look with a necklace and tossed her blond hair up in a tight bun. 

	










			You May Also Like		







	
			Related Articles	
	













	Fashion Scoops
	



	
			'RuPaul's Drag Race': Michelle Visage and Carson Kressley Reflect on the Show's Fashion Evolution Ahead of 'All Stars' 10 Premiere	
			













	Fashion Scoops
	



	
			A Look Back at Anna Nicole Smith's Kentucky Derby Style That Lives On Through Her Daughter Dannielynn Birkhead	
			








	Alongside Stefani, stars like Machine Gun Kelly and Post Malone also attended the event, wearing similarly styled casual dress. The No Doubt frontwoman posed for photos with the two singers. Stefani’s husband of nearly three years, country singer Blake Shelton, also posed alongside his wife and Malone backstage at the event. 

	Stefani’s style evolved during her decades-long career. The singer has always demonstrated an appreciation for punk style in part by wearing looks created by designer Vivienne Westwood, who championed the aesthetic, in the past. 

	But since her marriage to Shelton, Stefani has also showcased her versatility, easily embracing country-style staples without sacrificing her unique approach to fashion. 

	With this latest outing, Stefani demonstrated that she’s a fan of the peekaboo bra trend. The look had a major resurgence within the last year, with stars like Kristen Stewart, Sydney Sweeney, Rosie Huntington-Whiteley and more fashioning the trend for various red carpet occasions. 

	Stefani’s styling of the trend proves that the peekaboo bra look can elevate a casual look, while also acting as a sartorial motif on the red carpet.  
Sign up for WWD news straight to your inbox every day
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
WWD and Women's Wear Daily are part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All Rights Reserved.