By Blake Maddux 
Turns out size doesn’t matter: Here are 12 concerts worth seeing at Greater Boston’s smaller venues this September-November, organized by genre. (Sites include Brighton Music Hall, Paradise Rock Club, Royale, Big Night Live, The Sinclair in Cambridge, Crystal Ballroom in Somerville, and The Cabot in Beverly; check out our guide to larger venues here.) Please note, prices noted are face value; some of these shows may only have verified resale tickets available.
Unlike former bandmate Juliana Hatfield, head Lemonhead Evan Dando hasn’t exactly been cranking out fresh, consistently great material this millennium. In fact, he has only two collections of covers in the past 18 years. However, when you have albums as timeless and irresistible as “It’s A Shame About Ray” (1992) and “Come On Feel” (1993) at your disposal, you’ll always find eager and attentive audiences, especially hometown ones. On two consecutive nights in September, Dando will perform both of these early-’90s alt-rock/pop classics, which are awash in bite-sized power pop, expert songwriting, and clever, well-chosen covers. Thursday and Friday, Sept. 12-13, doors at 7/show at 8, Paradise Rock Club, 967 Commonwealth Ave., $37
The Lemon Twigs’ latest LP – “A Dream Is All We Know” (produced by Sean Ono Lennon) – is, in the words of Paper’s Erica Campbell, “a sonic manifestation of a fictional place they call ‘Mersey Beach,’” a portmanteau of sorts that they coined to reflect the spirit of their two biggest influences: The Beatles and The Beach Boys.
Over the course of five LPs, the D’Addario brothers have incorporated pretty much every genre of rock (glam, art, indie) and pop (baroque, jangle, power) that has emerged in popular music over the past 60 years.
And while the retro influences and love of the past are clear as day in their sound and style, the approach is fresh and current. Thursday, Oct. 3, doors at 7/show at 8, Crystal Ballroom, 55 Davis Square, Somerville, $25/$28 
Nick Lowe is one of the most important, creative, and enduring all-around artists of the past 50 years. As a band member (Brinsley Schwartz, Rockpile), songwriter (“Cruel To Be Kind,” “(What’s So Funny ‘Bout) Peace, Love, and Understanding”), producer (The Damned, Elvis Costello), and solo artist, he has left his mark on pub rock, punk, new wave, power pop, country, and folk.
Lowe started recording and touring with Los Straitjackets in 2015. The British legend and the American instrumental quartet will arrive in mid-October for two show in Allston. Wednesday and Thursday, October 16-17, doors at 7/show at 8, Brighton Music Hall, 158 Brighton Ave, Allston, $35
Since 2017 alone, former Blake Baby, Lemonhead, participant in numerous collaborations, and ever-productive solo artist Juliana Hatfield has kept fans engaged and guessing by alternating between original material (“Pussycat,” “Weird,” “Blood”), and covers albums of songs by Olivia Newton-John, The Police, and ELO. Her eponymous Three has not recorded an album since 2015’s “Whatever, My Love.” However, on Nov. 3, she and the two other members – bassist Dean Fisher and drummer Todd Philips – will commemorate the “30th-ish” anniversary of the Nietzsche-quoting “Become What You Are,” which includes the classic “My Sister” (she doesn’t actually have one) and the relatable “Feelin’ Massachusetts.” Sunday, Nov. 3, doors at 7/show at 8, The Sinclair, 52 Church St., Cambridge, $30
Born in Frankfurt, Germany, Abdala Elamin relocated to Oxford, England with his Sudanese parents when he was 5.
Now 23, has been based in London since last November after matriculating from Bournemouth University. Elmiene was highly influenced by and often compared to D’Angelo, whose album “Voodoo” was a turning point for him. “It was like BC and AD for me,” he said of how it transformed his musical outlook.
Of his goals and responsibilities as a soul musician, a trade that he plies on the EPs “El-Mean” and “Marking My Time,” Elamin further declares, “If I can’t make you cry, I’ve failed … it’s soul music, and that’s what it’s all about.” Tuesday, Oct. 22, doors at 7/show at 8, Brighton Music Hall, 158 Brighton Ave, Allston, $35
Although BLK ODYSSY is based in Austin, Sam Houston was born in Plainfield, NJ, home from a young age of George Clinton, with whom he – along with Benny the Butcher – recorded the song “Benny’s Got a Gun” in 2021. While R&B and soul comprise the bed upon with the group’s music rests, guests on 2024’s “1-800-Fantasy” include rappers Wiz Khalifa and Joey Bada$$. Furthermore, Houston says of the single “XXX,” “So it’s almost like if blink-182 and Outkast had a baby, or if Hayley Williams and I don’t know, Pharrell got together.” Wednesday, Sept. 11, doors at 7/show at 8, Brighton Music Hall, 158 Brighton Ave, Allston, $30 (18+)
Billy Bragg is quoted on his website as saying, “The frustration of seeing nothing that spoke to me on ‘Top of the Pops’ in the early ’80s made me realise if I wanted to hear music that had something to say about the state of the world and real life, I’d have to make it myself.” 
Since those uninspiring evenings in front of the telly, Bragg has long been revered as a songwriter and admired as committed political activist. Last year he celebrated his four decades as a recording artist with the release of “The Roaring Forty,” a career-spanning compilation that is available in 13-track, 40-track (including four tracks with Wilco), and 14-CD editions. 
The 66-year-old will draw from that collection and surely offer some commentary on the American and British political climate in between selections when he comes to Medford Square. With Steven Page. Monday, Oct. 14, show at 7:30, Chevalier Theatre, 30 Forest St., Medford, $50-$89
Among the many firsts that Mickey Guyton represents are: first Black female artist to be ever be nominated in the Best Country Solo Performance (“Black Like Me,” 2020), Best Country Album, Best Country Song, and again for Best Country Solo Performance (“Remember Her Name,” 2021). In doing so, she became the first Black female artist to be nominated in ANY country category.
Furthermore, she was the first Black female artist to perform her own song at the American Country Music Awards (2021). Her show in Allston will happen one week after the release of her latest LP, “House on Fire.” Monday, Nov. 4, doors at 6:30/show at 7:30, Brighton Music Hall, 158 Brighton Ave., Allston, $25
North Carolina native Rapsody has made some impressive contacts in the rap/hip-hop since the release of her 2012 debut. 
She was featured on Kendrick Lamar’s song “Complexion (A Zulu Love)” from the 2015 album “To Pimp A Butterfly,” has toured with Mac Miller, sang on Stevie Wonder’s song “Can’t Put it in the Hands of Fate,” and had her last three albums – including this year’s “Please Don’t Cry” (which features Erykah Badu, Lil Wayne, and … Phylicia Rashad) – released via Jay-Z’s Roc Nation. Along the way, she was in contention for Best Rap Album (“Laila’s Wisdom”) and Best Rap Song (“Sassy”) at the 2018 Grammys. With Niko Brim and LARA. Friday, Sept. 20, doors at 7/show at 8, The Sinclair, 52 Church St., Cambridge, $18
Short for “Young Gangsta,” YG’s collaborations with some of the biggest names in hip-hop – e.g., Drake, Cardi B, Nicki Minaj, Post Malone, Kendrick Lamar (as well as Mariah Carey) – have led to his having appeared on 26 entries on Billboard’s Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart. Moreover, his first six LPs reached the top 10 on the Rap Albums chart.
His new mixtape, “Just Re’d Up 3,” continues his streak of all-star partnerships by including Saweetie, Ty Dolla $ign, Lil Yachty, and others. The second leg of his tour in support of the album commences in Boston. Wednesday, Nov. 13, doors at 8/show at 9, Big Night Live, 110 Causeway St., Boston, $32.50
The breezy, emotive vocals of Sarah Kinsley grace “Escaper,” the first LP in a discography that includes the four EPs that appeared between 2019-2023.
Raised in Branford, Conn., the 24-year-old Columbia graduate co-produced the record with John Congleton, whose previous clients include Angel Olsen (who will be at The Cabot on Sept. 23), St. Vincent (who will be at MGM Music Hall on Sept. 5), and Sharon Van Etten.
Kinsley is as inspired by the classical music that she heard and studied in her youth as by the ’70s and ’80s rock and pop that she learned of in later years. In describing her music, she says, “I think it’s the classical musician in me who loves symphonies and the magnum opus effect.” With Ha Vay. Sunday, Oct. 13, doors at 6:30/show at 7:30, Royale, 279 Tremont St., Boston, $20
British-Jamaican singer-songwriter Myles Smith initially gained recognition with his interpretation of The Neighbourhood’s “Sweater Weather,” which went viral via TikTok in 2022, and Amber Run’s “I Found,” which impressed RCA enough to sign him.
This past May saw the release of the single “Stargazing.” Although it stalled at the very bottom rung of the American top 40, it reached the top 10 in four European countries and the top 20 in four others worldwide.
In August, it was revealed that the song had a particularly notable fan: former president Barack Obama, who included the song on his summer playlist. After playing Brighton Music Hall this October, Smith will return to Boston next March to play the House of Blues, the capacity of which is five times larger. With Matt Shuster. Friday, Oct. 25, doors at 7/show at 8, Brighton Music Hall, 158 Brighton Ave., Allston, $25
The best events in the city, delivered to your inbox
Be civil.  Be kind.
©2025 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC

			Stay up to date with everything Boston. Receive the latest news and breaking updates, straight from our newsroom to your inbox.