Advertise with the Loyolan

Contributor
With this resolution and bylaw clause, ASLMU would avoid purchasing from companies on a cease-to-purchase list, alongside the companies from the Boycott, Divestment, Sanctions List.
The ASLMU Senate voted unanimously in favor of a new resolution and a pending bylaw clause that would ensure ASLMU abstains from purchasing from companies associated with Israel's occupation of Palestine, including those on the Boycott, Divestment, Sanctions (BDS) List and ASLMU's own cease-to-purchase list. These actions follow months of student activism from universities nationwide calling for a divestment in pro-Israel companies. According to Yinka Akinlade, senior film and television production major and ASLMU vice president, the Senate passed this resolution and bylaw clause on Thursday, April 4, and is currently awaiting executive approval from ASLMU President Drew Hartz.
ASLMU first began work on this resolution after LMU's branch of Students for Justice in Palestine (SJP) approached the Senate earlier in the semester and requested that ASLMU divest from companies that support Israel’s occupation of Palestine. “They were the first student organization that has really approached us and asked us to advocate for them, so that was a really exciting opportunity for [the] Senate, just because, obviously, representing students is a huge part of what we do,” shared Akinlade.
Charlie Green, junior English major and ASLMU vice president-elect, is a member of SJP LMU’s executive board and helped highlight SJP LMU’s request to ASLMU members. “Divestment bills like this have [been] passed all over the country … And at SJP, we just decided that it was necessary to do one ourselves,” stated Green.
According to a post from the SJP LMU Instagram, the organization considers the Senate's approval as the first step toward University-wide divestment. “LMU can and will terminate their support for Israeli apartheid … Divestment has been won before and will become the norm in the coming years. ASLMU is only the beginning,” the post read.
ASLMU's new clause would establish a checks-and-balances system that encourages ethical purchasing with organizational funds. This clause would be enacted through various resolutions that the Senate passes on a case-by-case basis. “The bylaw clause itself is very general and can apply to a variety of social causes and issues, because our goal was to have this [be] a precedent … In the future, [if] there are other causes that are violations of human rights and stuff like that, we can continue to implement this, even if it’s not specifically for Palestine,” explained Akinlade.
According to a draft of the bylaw that Akinlade provided to the Loyolan, the checks-and-balances procedure would contain five subsections concerning a transparency policy, vendor screening, documentation, regular assessments and public accountability.
Onlookers watch as demonstrators lie down in front of the William H. Hannon Library surrounded by signs calling for University divestment as a fellow demonstrator waves a Palestinian flag.
Akinlade explains that while ASLMU funds are not heavily implicated with any companies on ASLMU’s cease-to-purchase list, the resolution would apply to the day-to-day purchases they make.
“It’s not on a macroscale of investments … It’s more so when we’re hosting our events or when we’re doing our trainings or in our meetings, [we ask], ‘Where are we putting our money towards?’” stated Akinlade. “It’s more of a case-by-case thing and just making sure where we’re putting our money towards is not contributing to any human rights violations.”
To advocate for a University-wide divestment, a group of students on Monday, April 8, laid in the grass in front of the William H. Hannon Library around signs that read “LMU Jesuits called for ceasefire, the Pope called for ceasefire, your move T-Law,” as well as, “ASLMU voted to divest — LMU why haven’t you?” among others signs. The demonstration comes days after the @LMUJesuits Instagram account posted a statement calling for an immediate ceasefire in the war between Israel and Hamas.
When Loyolan reporters approached a member of the demonstration, the individual stated that a statement would be made on their Instagram account later, and that they were not able to do interviews.
Demonstrators left the grass in front of William H. Hannon Library holding signs that covered their faces shortly after a Loyolan photographer began taking photos of the demonstration.
Kimberly Freeman, sophomore marketing major and speaker of the senate, and Sofia Ferguson, sophomore accounting major and senator-at-large, co-wrote the pending bylaw clause. When SJP approached the Senate about divestment, Ferguson felt it “was something that needed to happen.”
“At the end of the day, this was something that was important to Kim and I — and obviously so many other people on this campus — so that’s why I personally chose to write it. And then whether or not it was passed was up to the rest of Senate to vote on it — and they did vote ‘yes’ — so I’m really thankful that it did,” shared Ferguson.
If the resolution and pending bylaw clause are approved, Luke Antaky, junior political science major and ASLMU president-elect, looks forward to implementing them in his upcoming term. “With this resolution, the students have spoken, and they don't want their money being spent by student government to directly or indirectly fund state violence against Palestinians. This means that companies which support or profit from [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin] Netanyahu's bombardment of Gaza will have no place in ASLMU events,” shared Antaky in an email to the Loyolan. “Alternatively, and as a healthy byproduct, these events will more often be supplied by local and family-owned businesses, rather than large multinational corporations. I look forward to building relationships with companies that align with our values on the Bluff.”
ASLMU members encourage that student organizations who wish to be involved with ASLMU policymaking — as Students for Justice in Palestine did with this resolution — visit the open senate meetings held every Thursday in the Malone Student Center.
“Ultimately, students need to know that ASLMU is a place where change happens, and it is open to all Lions. All Lions should feel encouraged by moments like this because it shows that with enough effort, change is possible,” shared Antaky.
At the time of publication, the resolution and pending bylaw clause are still awaiting executive approval from Hartz. The Loyolan will continue to follow this story as it develops.
Additional reporting by Grace McNeill, asst. news editor.
Contributor
NEWS VIDEO
A post shared by The Los Angeles Loyolan (@laloyolan)
SUBMIT YOUR NEWS
We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!

laloyolan.com
1 LMU Dr. #8470
Los Angeles, CA 90045Phone: (310) 338-2700Email: editor@theloyolan.com
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers:
© Copyright 2024 Los Angeles Loyolan, 1 LMU Dr. #8470 Los Angeles, CA



Powered by BLOX Content Management System from BLOX Digital