Jane LaCroix is a Newsweek writer based in Miami, FL. Her focus is reporting on U.S. celebrity news and viral trends. She has in depth knowledge of celebrity and internet culture and has covered entertainment news extensively. Jane joined Newsweek in 2024 from Ranker and had previously worked at People and HollywoodLife. She is a graduate of Fitcburg State University in Fitchburg, MA. You can get in touch with Jane by emailing j.lacroix@newsweek.com. Languages: English.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
Taylor Swift's fans – "Swifties" as they call themselves – have been sent into a frenzy yet again over new Easter eggs they noticed during the pop star's Eras Tour stop in Milan, Italy.
During her Saturday, July 13 show, Swift wore a new dress for her Tortured Poets Department set, which had fans discussing possible hidden meanings. While the dress remained pretty similar to the other dress the 34-year-old had been wearing, this one had one small, yet notable difference – new lyrics on the skirt.
While lines from "Fortnight" (which features Post Malone and is also the lead single from TTPD) usually wrapped around the songstress's outfit, the latest version showcased lyrics from "Who's Afraid Of Little Old Me?" prompting speculation among fans that this song might have something to do with her next single.
One fan on X (formerly known as Twitter) posted, "Who's Afraid Of Little Old Me as the second single confirmed?" while another hoped, "Lets go for Who's Afraid Of Little Old Me? The film 🤩." A third fan said, "maybe it's like the music video eras so we are getting a waolom video and the ilyirml dress will never return??"
Another theory circulating among fans is that Swift could be hinting at the release of Reputation (Taylor's Version). This speculation was fueled by her new dress for the Fearless set, which fans noted bore a resemblance to outfits from her Reputation stadium tour. One fan compared the colors, posting, "Those are the colors for rep tour if im not wrong..." Another excited fan said, "REPUTATION TV COMING BE READY EVERYONE," while a third agreed, "WHATTT OMFG REPUTATION."
The performance wasn't all glam for Swift, however, despite her gorgeous new outfits. The 14-time Grammy winner unfortunately swallowed yet another bug on stage, her third on the Eras Tour. Swift announced to the sold-out crowd at San Siro Stadium that she "swallowed another bug," while coughing before continuing her performance of "I Almost Do" mashed up with "The Moment I Knew."
Jane LaCroix is a Newsweek writer based in Miami, FL. Her focus is reporting on U.S. celebrity news and viral trends. She has in depth knowledge of celebrity and internet culture and has covered entertainment news extensively. Jane joined Newsweek in 2024 from Ranker and had previously worked at People and HollywoodLife. She is a graduate of Fitcburg State University in Fitchburg, MA. You can get in touch with Jane by emailing j.lacroix@newsweek.com. Languages: English.
Jane LaCroix is a Newsweek writer based in Miami, FL. Her focus is reporting on U.S. celebrity news and viral trends. She has in depth knowledge of celebrity and internet culture and has covered entertainment news extensively. Jane joined Newsweek in 2024 from Ranker and had previously worked at People and HollywoodLife. She is a graduate of Fitcburg State University in Fitchburg, MA. You can get in touch with Jane by emailing j.lacroix@newsweek.com. Languages: English.
Jane LaCroix is a Newsweek writer based in Miami, FL. Her focus is reporting on U.S. celebrity news and viral trends. She                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC