ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
NASHVILLE, TENNESSEE - JUNE 11: (EDITOR'S NOTE: Image processed using a digital filter) Luke Combs ... More attends day 3 of The 49th CMA Fest at Nissan Stadium on June 11, 2022 in Nashville, Tennessee. Luke Combs' Twisters soundtrack single “Ain’t No Love in Oklahoma” blows its way to No. 1 on Billboard's Country Airplay chart, marking his eighteenth ruler. (Photo by John Shearer/Getty Images for CMA)
Luke Combs is back on top of the Country Airplay chart this week. The superstar sends one of his most recent singles, the catchy “Ain’t No Love in Oklahoma,” to No. 1, earning a special new leader. As he conquers the list, the powerhouse singer-songwriter pushes two fellow musicians out of the highest rung, including one of the hottest new names in the genre.
“Ain’t No Love in Oklahoma” twists from No. 4 to become Combs’ latest champion on Billboard’s country radio ranking. It leaps over several other current wins to give the Grammy-nominated artist one more winner.
Combs has now snagged 18 No. 1 hits on the Country Airplay chart. That’s an incredibly impressive accumulation for any act, let alone one who has been collecting leaders for less than a decade. He first reached the summit in 2017 with “Hurricane,” which topped the tally in May of that year.
The superstar’s track record is impeccable, as he’s scored a total of 21 top 10 hits on the ranking of the most successful tracks at country radio. All but three of those have soared to No. 1.
“Ain’t No Love in Oklahoma” marks Combs’ first No. 1 smash of 2024 on the Country Airplay chart, though not his first hit. He nearly topped the list in February, but he and Riley Green were forced to settle with “Different ‘Round Here,” which stalled at No. 2.
Combs also came close to running the show with “Where the Wild Things Are,” a solo cut. That single stopped short of ruling—also in February—when it peaked at No. 3. Another hit, “Guy For That,” which is fronted by Post Malone, peaked at No. 26 just last month.
“Ain’t No Love in Oklahoma” takes over control of the Country Airplay chart just one week after another new leader was named. Dustin Lynch and Jelly Roll’s “Chevrolet” finally drove to the summit last frame in its fortieth turn on the radio roster. Now, just days later, it’s been pushed off the throne—at least for the time being.