Levi's has gotten a surge in stock popularity thanks to a track on Beyoncé's new album, Cowboy Carter.
Towards the midpoint of the LP, at track 17, is "Levii's Jeans," a collaboration between Bey and Post Malone. Not only was the link-up between the two artists unexpected, but made Levi's stock jump by 20 percent, as acknowledged on CBS News by Levi's CEO Michelle Gass.
“I would just say that denim is having a moment and the Levi’s brand is having a powerful moment around the world,” Gass said.
She continued, “One of the things that really is significant about the Levi’s brand and we place a lot of emphasis and investment is making sure that Levi’s brand remains in the center of culture. And I don’t think there’s any better evidence or proof point than having someone like Beyoncé, who is a culture shaper, to actually name a song after us.”
After Cowboy Carter dropped, Levi's official Instagram page also made a subtle reference to the song's title.
As Cowboy Carter is currently the most-streamed album on Spotify this year, featured on the LP were Black country music acts like Tanner Addell, Reyna Roberts, Shaboozey and Tiera Kennedy, who received their first U.S. Spotify entries earlier this month.
The 'Beyoncé bump' in fashion has been monumental whenever the signer acknowledges a clothing brand in her music. On "Summer Renaissance," the final track from her 2022 album Renaissance, Bey made reference to Black-owned fashion line Telfar, making searches for Telfar items on resale site TheRealReal jump by 85 percent, per Vogue.
music | BY Jaelani Turner-Williams
Azealia Banks Criticizes Beyoncé's 'Cowboy Carter,' Tells Her to 'Just F***ing Retire'
music | BY Trace William Cowen
Beyoncé and Dolly Parton Resurrect 'Becky' Talk for "Jolene" Cover: 'That Huzzy With the Good Hair You Sing About'
music | BY Trace William Cowen
Beyoncé's Trilogy Continues With Country-Inspired 'Cowboy Carter' Album f/ Miley Cyrus, Post Malone, and More
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.