It didn't take long for social media to explode Sunday night after the conclusion of Super Bowl LVIII, where the Kansas City Chiefs defeated the San Francisco 49ers in overtime to become back-to-back champions.
Especially to keen-eyed fans in the state of Colorado, there was a glaring injustice unfolding right before your very eyes - much bigger than just another Kansas City championship - as none other than Denver Broncos legend John Elway was forced to present the Vince Lombardi trophy to the Chiefs, on stage, for the world to see.
Many Super Bowl parties across the Centennial State likely erupted in the same exclamation, right around the same time, as Elway first appeared on screen carrying the trophy toward the podium. Something to the effect of "what the fudge?!" was shouted at TVs from Trinidad to the Wyoming border and beyond, with the word "fudge" being something quite a bit more colorful, especially as seen through blue and orange glasses.
Painful as it was to see, there was a perfectly good explanation as to why.
Super Bowl LVIII marks the 25th anniversary of Super Bowl XXXIII, otherwise known as when the Denver Broncos defeated the Atlanta Falcons for their second world championship - in Elway's final game as an NFL player, where he won MVP honors.
He was chosen months ago as one of the former players who would participate in the "parade" of people who walk the trophy to the podium for the annual presentation after the game.
Still, it hasn't excused him from taking quite some heat from people across social media.
Brutal takes, but all fair. Agreed - that was very tough to watch.
Maybe he was hoping the 49ers would prevail - with so many connections to his old Denver Broncos teams - but he gambled and lost. Or maybe the mere possibility the Chiefs would be the winner should have been enough to sit this one out? Either way, it's gonna leave a bad taste in the collective mouth of Broncos fans for a while.
Gallery Credit: Jacklyn Krol
Gallery Credit: Wesley Adams