Flickering Myth
Geek Culture | Movies, TV, Comic Books & Video Games
April 24, 2024 by EJ Moreno 
Post Malone is heading back into the movie world but leaving behind the action and moving to horror.
Bloody Disgusting reports, “Post Malone, Michael Bay and Brad Fuller’s Platinum Dunes, and Vault Comics have partnered to create an all-new IP universe based on an original story by the 8x diamond recording artist.”
Little is known about the project, but it will blend action, horror, and Malone’s of medieval times.
The official press release notes: “Blending elements of road thrillers like Mad Max: Fury Road and demonic horror like Evil Dead, the story is set in medieval Europe, where the only thing standing in the way of the horde of demons infesting the continent is a mysterious armored 18-wheeler seemingly sent back from the heavens.”
Post Malone says, “I’m so pumped to share this badass story with the world, and I couldn’t ask for better partners than Michael Bay and Vault to help bring this story to life.”
“This is the kind of project you dream about,” said Vault CEO Damian Wassel. “We get to work with an exceptional artist at the top of his game to build a completely original story from the ground up. We have an iconic director helping to guide the creative development. We’re going to bring the world a mind-blowing graphic novel, and that’s just the beginning.”
“I love working with talented people, and Post Malone is incredibly gifted,” adds Bay. “I am excited to work with him on such an intriguing idea, and when you add Vault to the mix, it raises the bar to another level. This new IP is just what the graphic world needs right now.”
Vault Comics will launch this as a graphic novel in 2025, with the film adaptation following soon.
Filed Under: Comic Books, Movies, News Tagged With: Michael Bay, Post Malone, Vault Comics
EJ Moreno is a film and television critic and entertainment writer who joined the pop culture website Flickering Myth in 2018 and now serves as the executive producer of Flickering Myth TV, a YouTube channel with over 27,000 subscribers. With over a decade of experience, he is a Rotten Tomatoes-approved critic who is also part of the Critics Choice Association and GALECA: The Society of LGBTQ Entertainment Critics.
 

© Flickering Myth Limited. All rights reserved. The reproduction, modification, distribution, or republication of the content without permission is strictly prohibited. Movie titles, images, etc. are registered trademarks / copyright their respective rights holders. Read our Terms of Use and  Privacy Policy. If you can read this, you don't need glasses.