TribLIVE's Daily and Weekly email newsletters deliver the news you want and information you need, right to your inbox.
Before she knew what she’d do with a vacant storefront on East Fourth Avenue in Tarentum, Melanie Malone found herself signing the rental contract.
“I was browsing Facebook and thought, ‘What a neat space,’ ” she said.
“I really needed to have that space, but I didn’t know what to put there.”
Less than a week later, Malone, 43, of Harrison would be ushering in the Alle-Kiski Valley’s newest fashion finds under the moniker Blushing Moon Boutique & Studio.
With a boho-chic vibe and sizing for all, Malone said hers is a collection of stylish attire at affordable prices.
“I want to make it so that any woman can come in and buy something,” Malone said. “I don’t want to cater just to juniors or just to older people.
“I want it to be the kind of place that if I were here shopping with my daughter, I could get something, too.”
A surprising amount of stock fills the intimate space at 220 E. Fourth Ave. Distressed jeans, fancy dresses and earrings, along with boots, bags and batwing tops are on display. There also is an online shop for people who want to browse from the comfort of their own homes.
Malone plans to offer private shopping events, sip and shops, and other specialty days to draw new eyes on the merchandise. For social media lovers, she plans to post coupons.
Other special events will benefit the community at large. For Highlands students, Malone is devising a prom promotion where high schoolers can choose the gown for their big day at cost.
“I don’t want to make any money on them,” she said. “They would just pay the cost and shipping.”
Recently retired Tarentum Councilwoman Carrie Fox is thrilled to have another shopping option for women.
“It’s great to see so much growth in town,” Fox said. “It’s a good draw to Tarentum.”
A San Diego native, Malone moved to Harrison in 2010 to be closer to her mother’s side of the family.
Despite a full-time job as an office manager for a development company in Zelienople, Malone didn’t falter when the prospect of owning a boutique fell into her lap.
“There’s not a lot around here for girls,” she said. “What girl doesn’t want to have a boutique? It’s something fun.
“Besides, once I set my mind to something, I do it.”
That’s kind of what happened with Malone’s other side hustle — a pop-up food truck, Anything Rolls Eggrolls.
A few years back, Malone found herself imagining an eggroll with taco filling and decided to whip one up.
The rest was history, she said.
“That was another ‘wow’ thing,” she said. “I grew up with a family who cooked a lot, but it was really just a whim. I’m very busy all the time now.”
Armed with a bachelor’s degree in business from the University of Phoenix, Malone is studying for a certificate in accounting. She said the new boutique will be staffed mostly by her mother, who has a passion for fashion.
“I love the smile that it puts on her face,” Malone said. “She’s getting ready to retire, and she’s not ready to be sitting around every day.”
The family affair continues with Malone’s husband, Daniel, who plans to rent the second floor of the boutique to restore furniture. His creative eye is behind the decor of the fashionable storefront.
Hours at the shop vary. For now, it is open Tuesdays through Sundays.
Malone said she is looking forward to meeting new people who come to peruse the ever-changing stock.
“I’m not in it to make a million dollars on every item,” she said. “I just want to see people happy.”
Tawnya Panizzi is a TribLive reporter. She joined the Trib in 1997. She can be reached at tpanizzi@triblive.com.


Remove the ads
 from your TribLIVE reading experience
but still support the journalists
who create the content with TribLIVE Ad-Free.

Get Ad-Free >

Stay up-to-date on important news from TribLIVE
TribLIVE's Daily and Weekly email newsletters deliver the news you want and information you need, right to your inbox.
1-800-909-8742
Fax (724) 779-8743
210 Wood StreetTarentum, PA 15084
© 2025 Trib Total Media | All Rights Reserved
About Us
Advertise
Career Opportunities
Contact Advertising
Contact Newsroom
Contact Us
Feedback
Request Correction
Resource Center
Scholarship Opportunities
Send Letter to the Editor
Send News Tip
Subscribe
Subscriber Services
Blog
Email Newsletters
eTrib
Facebook
Home Delivery
Instagram
LinkedIn
Marketing Minute
Store Locations
TribLIVE App - App Store
TribLIVE App - Google Play
X (formerly Twitter)
Arts & Entertainment
Best of the Best
Business Directory
Contests
Lifestyles
Local
News
YaJagOff
Obituaries
Opinion
Our Publications
Real Estate
Sports
Video
Weather
Cookie Settings
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service