Being one of the high-street's most beloved shops, most of us love a browse at Marks & Spencer.
Whether it's bagging yourself a cosy jumper, snapping up some stylish new shoes or even treating yourself to an M&S Food shop, you know you're going to get great quality at an affordable price.
However, it's even better when you get something an M&S for cheaper than you expected. And with Black Friday taking place this week, there are some mega bargains to be had – with upto 50% off usual prices.
READ MORE: M&S Food fans go wild for Christmas dessert selection as they race to buy them
Women's clothing is one of M&S' most popular section, and if you're looking for some good deals, then let us recommend this Nobody's Child Cord V-Neck Mini Pinafore Dress which has 25% off and is down from £55 to £41.25. The White Stuff Jersey Floral V-Neck Midi Waisted Dress is also created for winter, paired with chunky boots and a hat. It's also down by 25% from £65 to £48.75.
Or if you're more of a beauty fan, M&S has some mega deals, with this Clinique Fan Favourites Beauty Gift set half off – down from £100 to £50. For the man in your life, the Clinique for Men Skincare Gift Set is also 40% off - down from £110 to £66.
As well as its Black Friday bargains, many M&S shoppers are head to the shop for its amazing perfume dupes – which are claimed to smell just like Chanel and Jo Malone.
Laura White, who goes by @moneysavingofficial on Instagram, posted about the dupes earlier this year in a video on the site.
Kicking off her video, Laura said: "The M&S perfume dupes you need to know about, these will seriously save you a lot of money," as she navigates the aisles.
First on the list for shoppers to consider is M&S' 'Midnight Blossom', which Laura claims mirrors YSL's 'Black Opium' usually priced at £125 per 100ml. But M&S' version? A mere £10 for the same amount, prompting Laura to declare, "what a saving".
She continues: "Then we've got 'Warm Neroli' which is a dupe for Paco Rabanne's Lady Million (£105 per 100ml), again this dupe retails for £10 for 100ml."
Not stopping there, Laura pointed out M&S' 'Soft Iris', also priced at £10 for 100ml. She suggests it's a match for Chanel's Coco Mademoiselle, which is "massively popular" and sells for £145 per 100ml.
Continuing her recommendations is the M&S fragrance 'Spiced Bergamot' (£10 for 100ml), which she says is akin to Calvin Klein's 'Women' (£42 for 100ml).
Laura also said fragrance lovers who "love the summer scent" of Sol De Janerio, which retails at £24 for 100ml, might want to pick up M&S' 'White Coconut' priced at a mere £10 for the same amount.
Those keen on Jo Malone should consider trying out M&S' 'Sea Salt and Neroli', according to Laura, which is an absolute bargain at only £12.50 for 100ml compared to Jo Malone's significantly more expensive Wood Sage and Sea Salt which comes with a hefty price tag of £118 per 100ml.
But it was M&S' 'Warmth' from its apothecary range, with a relatively modest cost of £18 per 100ml, that Laura highlighted as the most striking deal. It's a clever mimic of the iconic Santel 33, famously priced at a staggering £234 per 100ml.
For even more deals, make sure to check out the M&S website this Friday (November 29) to see if they have even more amazing Black Friday deals on offer.
A third person chimed in: "I love the sea salt and neroli, it’s absolutely gorgeous and I’m into my second bottle! The men’s ones are nice too….no idea what they are dupes for but they are well worth it."
However, some people claimed that despite smelling great, the dupes "didn't last" as well. "It doesn’t matter how good dupes smell - they never last," exclaimed one follower.
While another added: "I’ve got the soft iris dupe for channel . It lasts about 20 mins. Waste of money."
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.