AllHipHop
AllHipHop
While the two reportedly broke up in January, it looks like they are still in a relationship. 

Since 1998, AllHipHop.com has pioneered delivering Hip-Hop news. Get our daily email for exclusive, breaking news, and weekly digests, all curated for the true Hip-Hop enthusiast. Stay connected and informed with the heartbeat of Hip-Hop culture. Subscribe now!

Since 1998, AllHipHop.com has pioneered delivering Hip-Hop news. Get our daily email for exclusive, breaking news, and weekly digests, all curated for the true Hip-Hop enthusiast. Stay connected and informed with the heartbeat of Hip-Hop culture. Subscribe now!
Rolling Loud Los Angeles is in full swing. The annual festival kicked off on Thursday (March 14) with Kanye West and Ty Dolla $ign and continued into Friday (March 15) with a headlining set from Nicki Minaj. At one point, YG was introduced to the stage, where he shocked his fans by bringing out Saweetie.
While the two reportedly broke up in January, by all appearances, it looks like they are still going strong. As she walked off stage, YG said, “I love you, girl, with your fine a##.”
YG and Saweetie say they love each other onstage at Rolling Loud tonight in California pic.twitter.com/Ej032vu3eL
— SOUND (@itsavibe) March 16, 2024
The couple initially fueled dating rumors in May 2023, when they were spotted canoodling in Cabo, Mexico. Saweetie also attended YG’s birthday party that March and they were allegedly snuggling at Coachella a month later. But in January, it was reported they had ended their seven-month romance. YG was quick to squash that rumor, posting a photo of the pair cuddled up at a Beyoncé concert.
Rolling Loud, meanwhile, is gearing up for night three on Saturday (March 16) with performances by Post Malone, $uicide Boy$, Summer Walker, Big Sean, Larry June and Flo Milli, among others. The concert wraps up on Sunday (March 17) with appearances by likes of Future x Metro Boomin, Don Tolliver, Bryson Tiller, Ski Mask the Slump God, NLE Choppa, That Mexican OT and Chief Keef.
Find more information here.
Copyright © 2025 AllHipHop.com LLC 2025-Infinity