It's kind of wild to feel more worried about your kid's well-being when he's stationed in England than when he was in Bagram or Djibouti.
At least in either of those two places, he could still say anything he wanted, defend himself immediately, and shoot back if he had to.
But being in the south of supposedly civilized England right now?
When, say, nearby Birmingham looks like this?
Since becoming majority-minority, Birmingham, England has declared effective bankruptcy, become a UK murder capital, and now Muslim immigrants are attacking natives. The propagandists insist “Birmingham’s super-diversity is a strength,” but the facts show what diversity brings. https://t.co/ydnhwAoESr pic.twitter.com/PNtgtVf3u8
I am sick to my stomach at what is happening to that country, with all it portends for them - and us, if we have the wisdom to see. And wake up in time.
The UK AWFLs have helped enable their own eventual life of servitude and second-class status. I don't know that they'll ever understand, when it finally turns on them, that they did it to themselves and assisted in destroying the British way of life for everyone around them. I do not believe they have that capacity. AWFLs are so convinced of their moral superiority whilst completely void of reason.
And look at the simpleton women nodding and smiling with their "smash whatever-ism" signs as he talks about slicing throats.Yay! Oh, yay! *clap clap clap*Liberal and progressive white women will be the death of civilized society. https://t.co/bf8Ec4oaG4
What has happened to that stalwart race of "stout-hearted fellows" who wrote the Magna Carta and forced a king to sign it? 
The country whose principles from which we developed our own glorious American vision of freedom from government oppression now warn...no. 
THREATENS its citizens openly in such a manner.
Think before you post. https://t.co/sgqCErb4AC
Dear God.
They have brought a fascist version of Blade Runner into reality - to life - complete with blinking video screens warning cowed Brits not to stray, not to think or think carefully, and most assuredly not to speak.
The WEF-blessed Wellie Keir Starmer has on their throats now isn't even close to the worst his Labour government has planned for your average native-born because, make no mistake—none of these rules will apply to the newcomers in #TwoTierKeir's Dystopian England.
Critical-of-Islamic-anything could be getting official standing.
So let me get this straight? It will be a crime for me to critisice an ideology that would stone me to death for showing my hair or being gay?
Labor doesn't seem too concerned about the free-speech advocates in this attempt to define what constitutes an opinion "crime" against religion.
Labour is considering adopting a controversial definition of Islamophobia – despite warnings it could harm free speech, The Telegraph can reveal.
Prime Minister Sir Keir Starmer and Angela Rayner, his deputy, are weighing up a “range of views” about whether to introduce an agreed description of anti-Muslim prejudice.
A definition of Islamophobia would not be legally binding but organisations would be urged to adopt in a similar way to the anti-Semitism definition accepted under Theresa May in 2016.
Campaigners say the concept must be clearly codified amid rising prejudice towards Muslims, including attacks targeted at mosques in the wake of the Southport killings last week.
I've never quite understood "hate" laws to begin with, as purposefully damaging property or attacking someone, regardless of the reason, is a crime and should always be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law.
The riots breaking out in England are the textbook example of when that simple maxim is not used as a favored victim class is allowed to run amok. Those who suffer the intimidation and damage are asking for the protection and justice they rightly deserve and should expect. Yet they've received nothing but abuse and outright neglect from those tasked with those very duties. When all patience is at an end, and there seems little recourse but to make a public expression of citizens' anger with the situation, the actions of a few yobs - which hardly begin to amount to the continual carnage caused by victim class eruptions - are the excuse to suppress and control the general population at large.
The polite, indulgent, sympathetic, long-suffering native British population, who have tacitly endorsed this take-over of their culture by voting for permissive government after government, have become the objects of scorn, derision, and suppression targets of the very government they elected.
All the while, the favored victim class carries on and claims even more victim grievances for their complaint bank.
Is anyone in the British government thinking about the little girls who have been slaughtered and their families?I can't imagine being the parents and grandparents of these little girls. No one seems to care about them and their grief.
Two tiers.
Even race-baiting former Scottish First Ministers couldn't wait to jump back into the grievance victim pool. Remember Humza Yousaf? The guy who railed that SCOTLAND IS TOO DAMN WHITE, ascended to First Minister (and had the transcript of "too damn white" speech changed), then was booted unceremoniously for his draconian "Hate Crime Law" and trying to lock up J.K. Rowling?
Well. He now feels "unsafe." And wants to make sure the world knows.
PITY PARTY ALERT
"I question if the future for me, my wife and three children is going to be in Scotland."Former First Minister of Scotland @HumzaYousaf is uncertain about raising his family in the UK after the "horrendous" manifestation of anti-migrant discourse.@lewis_goodall | @jonsopel pic.twitter.com/SIC3BMVDIz
He can play the pity game now. He has friends at 10 Downing Street who might be willing to overlook how the ever-pliant British constabulary's fascist inclinations would be only too happy to twist a nascent "Islamophobia" rule into a blasphemy law.
...Critics fear it could amount to a “blasphemy law” and senior Conservatives have insisted it must not be allowed to stifle legitimate criticism of Islam.
Everyone knows that to radical, hardcore Muslims, there IS NO "legitimate" criticism of Islam. There is no criticism, period.
Ask the street preacher in Germany a month or so back how that worked out for him. 
...Bob Blackman, the chairman of the 1922 Committee, said the freedom to criticise religion must be protected.
“I’m very much in favour of saying we have to outlaw anti-Muslim hatred. There is the problem of not wanting to get to a point whereby there’s a so-called blasphemy law.
...Neil Basu, a former UK counter-terror chief, warned in 2019 it “risks shutting down debate” about Islam and could allow terror suspects to “legally challenge investigation” and undermine counter-terror laws “on the basis that they are ‘Islamophobic’”.
Naturally, anyone speaking out against the idea of an officially protected class is being overwhelmed with opprobrium. I'd watch out for guys with knives, too.
pic.twitter.com/VCZ4qLltiPOffended Muslims are outraged over this statement of British journalist, destroying ‘Islamophobia’ on live TV: “You can’t have a phobia of a set of ideas”.🚨🚨🚨🧵👇‼️Is Britain about to adopt Sharia blasphemy law?British PM seeks to criminalize…
The leftist British is busy cleaning up after Labour as it bulldozes through what little is left of "England." But the whitewashing is being foiled by a freedom of information that Labour is desperately trying to squelch. The Guardian took a propaganda shot at couching two-tier policing as a "myth" and found itself quickly enrobed with a blanket of community notes proving quite the opposite.
The ComNotes are their real nightmare, not X per se. They can’t lie to our faces anymore. 💪 .
That darn Elon. Besides Starmer, you know who hates him?
That racist Scottish Yousaf guy.
Today's headline from The Scotsman, courtesy of Scotland's former first minister Humza Yousaf. Preserving freedom of speech and thought for ordinary people makes Elon Musk "one of the most dangerous men on the planet." The battlelines have never been more clearly drawn. pic.twitter.com/RPQpH6xJmC
I think he's still sore about JK kicking his asterisk on X and that no one would save him.
He would have loved being able to nail her for Islamophobia besides the trans thing - could have called in some serious help who were swinging knives inside of feather boas.
“Islamophobia - a word created by fascists, and used by cowards to manipulate morons”Ping: @Keir_Starmer
*sigh*
Are there even a "happy few" left of that fabled band of brothers?
Perhaps they should leave and take the flag while they can still find one.
BEEGE SENDS: Think I'm kidding about being scared to death for Ebola's next two years in that hellhole?
Well, I'm not. The Met Police Chief says they're coming for "keyboard warriors," whoever and wherever they are from.
And there you have it. Travel to the UK has just become a high-risk activity. So long, Heathrow! https://t.co/516YHZRDic
What a terrifying place. Starmer would make Stalin so proud.

                        Copyright ©2025 HotAir.com/Salem Media. All Rights Reserved.