Gold Over America Tour preview
The Gold Over America Tour cast performing on NBC's "America's Got Talent."
First came the gold medals, now comes the Gold Over America Tour, the Simone Biles-headlined gymnastics showcase touring 30 cities around the United States and vaulting into Austin's Moody Center on Friday, October 18.
Joining Biles are fellow Paris Olympic champions (the self-titled "Golden Girls") Jordan Chiles, Jade Carey, and Hezly Rivera, along with bronze medal-winning men’s team members Paul Juda, Brody Malone, Asher Hong, and Fred Richard, plus other gymnastics superstars. Adding men to the G.O.A.T. show is a new twist; the 2021 tour, post-Tokyo Olympics, had a cast made up entirely of women.
It’s a change that Biles hopes will help elevate men’s gymnastics around the country.
Juda, for one, couldn’t be more grateful. The Olympic medalist is still riding the wave of excitement from winning the first USA men’s team medal in 16 years, along with having achieved his own dream of competing in the Olympic individual all-around final.
We recently chatted with Juda, who took us behind the scenes of the G.O.A.T. show, the squad, and life on the tour bus as a college student missing classes to travel the country like a rock star. (Plus: Why he's especially looking forward to the Austin show.)
CultureMap: At the Olympics this summer, the whole vibe of men’s and women’s USA gymnastics seemed happy and supportive of each other. How are you carrying that camaraderie into performing together as a troupe in the Gold Over America Tour?
Paul Juda: I think during the whole Olympic experience we just had a lot of joy. We had a lot of of fun outside of those two hours of competition. So the competition in and of itself was kind of like a "mission critical," and we were pretty focused, but we still tried to keep it light.
On this, there's no real competition; we’re here to put on the best show possible for the audience. I can already see even just on the the two nights and three days that we've been here together, we've had a lot of fun. We're all best friends here, and we're going to bring that kind of energy to the stage.
CM: The last Gold Over America Tour was all women - and the theme was very much female empowerment, and girls as superheroes. Now that men are included, what can we expect from the show this time?
PJ: I think it's awesome (men are included) and I'm not even gonna lie, this tour just got, like, a million times better after making a medal. I'm really excited to get to do the show. It's going to be a lot of back and forth (between men and women). Yeah, we're doing some gymnastics; we're trying to learn a little bit of dancing. We've got lights, we've got a lot of songs, and we're bouncing off of each other's stories. There's going to be a lot of really fun, fun parts. (Note: Here's a preview.)
CM: Figure skating has shows like “Stars on Ice” that athletes can join after the Olympics to perform for audiences. Would you like to see something like that for gymnasts, who often don’t get to really “entertain” audiences?
PJ: Yeah, (in gymnastics) we use the human body to all of its maximum capability, and (learning) dance moves, I enjoy using a different side of my brain. I'm a guy who would also enjoy a musical or a Broadway show, just for the element of like, “Wow. Look at the choreography and how they're able to add the music and the lights and everything in the whole production.”
And then you couple it with the fact that we have extraordinary strength and flexibility and we can kind of do almost circus-like events, but then also add in a touch of difficulty - like "hey, okay, they're not just acrobats; they also spent 20 years doing this sport."
I feel like it's the ultimate show. It's some dance lights, some music, a storyline, you can watch your favorite athlete and then see him or her in a kind of different light. Now the athlete literally just gets to have fun out there. I wouldn't see why people wouldn't want to see more of this type of show.
CM: There’s so much buzz around gymnastics during the Olympics. How do you keep those fans interested the other three years in between, especially men’s gymnastics?
PJ: I'm hoping this tour does that, and I'm also confident, like anything that we do afterwards on the global stage (like "pommel horse guy" Stephen Nedoroscik competing on Dancing With the Stars), I hope people are like, "Oh yeah, I see them doing that. But I also remember they represent men's gymnastics."
Paul Juda on parallel bars for the University of Michigan team.Photo by John Cheng
Q: A lot of cast members are in college, including yourself (a graduate student), and you’re also captain of the University of Michigan Men’s Gymnastics team. How will you balance your studies and college athletics commitments while you’re on tour?
PJ: (He holds up a notebook with a calendar planner filled in.) This. I'm looking at my schedule today, I've got a weekly reflection. I've got a case to work on. I've got a data analytics assignment, a lecture to watch, and a reading quiz to do, so, it's a lot for sure. 
Hopefully after this tour I can come back and be in a really good place with my team. I've left some excellent people in charge … phenomenal captains, and I have no doubt that they'll keep the team on pace, and if they need anything from me, they'll text me.
 And on top of that, in terms of school, I think honestly, if anything, it’ll just keep me doing the right things. I got to go to bed early to wake up early and get some homework done, that's probably for the best. I’ll try to do some lectures on the tour bus and stuff.
Simone Biles had a record-breaking performance at the 2024 U.S. Gymnastics Championships in Fort Worth.
            Photo by Elsa/Getty Images
        
CM: The reception in Houston - hometown of Simone Biles and adopted hometown of Jordan Chiles - will be nuts, and Fort Worth is where the last National Championships was held this past summer. What cities are you most looking forward to?
PJ: Chicago and Detroit are going to be my two main places. I've got a lot of people coming for the Detroit show from University of Michigan, and then Chicago, that’s where I'm from. Every time that I've visited Texas, I really enjoy Texas. We'll have a lot of fun. I'm excited to see the Texans come out and specifically in that Austin area, we've got a lot of people there.
CM: Well, don’t forget your cowboy hat.
PJ: Alright!
Note: This interview was edited for clarity and brevity. The Gold Over America Tour, presented by Athleta, will take place at 7:30 pm October 18 at Moody Center in Austin. For more information and tickets (starting about $55), visit the website.
Monkey Move
Another quirky, longtime South Congress store has moved on from the historic street — but this time, it's reopening in another busy area nearby. After 20 years on SoCo, the toy and other fun things store Monkey See, Monkey Do! is now open at 2810 Menchaca Rd.
Two opening weekend celebrations will get things started. On Saturday, May 3, the store will start selling just-released Sonny Angels collectible figures. (Guests are encouraged to arrive early in case of a long line.) Then a Star Wars-themed party on May 4 invites guests in for free hot dogs and Lone Star beer. 
New Sonny Angels will be available May 3.Photo courtesy of Monkey See, Monkey Do!
The new location shares a triangular island of land between South Lamar Boulevard, Menchaca, and Barton Skyway with three other businesses: Papalote Taco House, ThunderCloud Subs, and the Soup Peddler. Foot traffic won't match the former tourist destinations, but Austinites pass this area often, especially if they live in South Austin.
A release sent by founder Brandon Hodge points out that Big Top Candy Shop, his store a few doors down on the same block, will not be relocating. It remains on South Congress Avenue, and Hodge teases some new candies and sodas to come.
Locals know there's a miasma of anxiety on South Congress about small businesses being pushed off the street. Hodge himself has raised the alarm as president of the South Congress Merchants Association. However, he intentionally sets a happy tone for talking about the move for Monkey See, Monkey Do! He emphasizes that it was a voluntary move.
“We are incredibly excited for this move,” said Hodge in the release. “With all due respect to our incredible culinary neighbors on South Congress, after two decades we have decided to explore new lunch options. While we will definitely miss having our fill of Gueros, Home Slice, and Magnolia Café every day, we felt it was high time to explore some of the menus South Lamar has to offer.”
Longtime store manager Steven Almaguer, is also looking forward to good eats, and paints a picture of what it was like to work in a tourist location.
On the one hand,” he said, "selling toy accordions and lava lamps to celebrities makes for an interesting workday, but on the other hand, we haven’t had a Thundercloud Subs right next door, so we’re really looking forward to being their new South Lamar neighbors.”  
Vintage toys are a big draw for many visitors.Photo courtesy of Monkey See, Monkey Do!
On a more serious note, Hodge does discuss the experience watching South Congress evolve.
“During our kitschy little toy shop’s two decades on South Congress, we have witnessed extraordinary changes to the surrounding retail landscape,” he said. “When we first got our start down here, we were drawn by the cheap rent and amazing community of scrappy upstart businesses that didn’t quite fit in anywhere else, and we made the best of it together.”
Nostalgia aside, this move could be great for local shoppers who don't want to brave South Congress. The new spot has free parking, and a playground across the street at Amy's Ice Creams offers another pit stop on a more relaxed outing.
If this all seems sudden to neighbors, it's because the store taken shape very quickly. The relocation was only announced in mid-April, and finishing touches that only went up a day or two before opening included a new sign and the recognizable "enlightened monkey" statue.
Operating hours at Monkey See, Monkey Do! are 11 am to 7 pm Mondays through Thursdays, 11 am to 9 pm Fridays and Saturdays, and 11 am to 7 pm Sundays.