A collection of 29 songs commissioned for the Tornado Alley–set film creates a moody, atmospheric album by new and rising country stars.
  

        Dan Solomon writes about politics, music, food, sports, criminal justice, health care, film, and business. 
      
Early in the preproduction process for Twisters, the stand-alone sequel to 1996’s hit disaster movie Twister, director Lee Isaac Chung and stars Glen Powell and Brandon Perea put together “tornado wrangler” playlists to imagine what the film’s signature storm-chasing sequences might sound like.
“Music plays a big role in most of the scenes with their characters, and the movie features a handful of really exciting tornado chase scenes,” Rachel Levy, executive vice president of film music for Universal Pictures, explained. “Isaac always envisioned music playing a big role in these moments.”
Among the songs on those playlists was Johnny Cash’s recording of the 1948 Stan Jones country standard, “(Ghost) Riders in the Sky,” a song iconic for its Western stomp, dramatic horns, and mood-setting lyrics. But as Chung, Levy, and the rest of the filmmaking team discussed the role music would play in Twisters, which arrives in theaters Friday, they decided to commission a new recording of the tune from San Benito native Charley Crockett. 
“I knew he would not only nail the cover but also capture the playfulness and energy that Isaac was looking for in the scene,” Levy recalled. “Glen’s character is a cowboy, the song has a classic cowboy sound, and Charley has this amazing way of making throwback songs sound classic, but also new and fresh and cool.”
Music played a big role in the 1996 Twister, as Fort Worth icon Bill Paxton’s tornado chaser ran into the eyes of various storms to the sounds of Eddie Van Halen’s guitar or composer Mark Mancina’s orchestral score. Levy said Chung, who grew up in Arkansas, wanted to ensure that the 2024 version had a soundtrack that would feel true to the Southern Great Plains setting of the film, as well as to its cowboy characters. “Tornado Alley and red dirt artists are where we started, but it all very quickly turned into a much broader creative conversation,” she explained.
Together they decided on an original soundtrack album, with new music curated from both the biggest names in country and up-and-comers and outlaws. “That was based on Isaac’s willingness to really feature music in the film, Atlantic Records’s enthusiasm and shared vision to make something big, and also based on the excitement and interest from the artists and songwriters we reached out to,” Levy said. 
The result is a collection of 29 songs that puts megastars such as Luke Combs, Miranda Lambert, Jelly Roll, and Lainey Wilson alongside rising Texas stars such as Crockett, Lubbock’s Flatland Cavalry, Austin’s Dylan Gossett, and North Texas native Tanner Usrey, with some Oklahomans in the mix to further represent the Tornado Alley region.
Listening to Twisters: The Album is a tour through the moodier, more atmospheric side of contemporary country. Its songs weren’t chosen for their potential to climb the charts—though nobody’d be mad if they did, especially given the current soundtrack slump—but rather to provide additional colors on the palette of a filmmaker who needs to immerse an audience in a story.
Accordingly, the songs that appear on the album have a distinct vibe. The first two songs—Combs’s hard-rocking “Ain’t No Love in Oklahoma” and Lambert’s bass-heavy, midtempo stomper “Ain’t In Kansas Anymore”—might struggle to fit in on those artists’ most recent releases, but their high drama helps conjure the vibe of tense times in wide-open spaces.
Ian Cripps, senior vice president of A&R at Atlantic Records, told Texas Monthly there’s a through line to a soundtrack album that separates it from any of the endless playlists populating streaming services. “This soundtrack feels cohesive because the film links everything together,” he said. “Each song captures the spirit of the story and its characters, naturally creating a project that feels connected, versus a string of random singles.” 
It’s also well-timed, coming at a fascinating time for the country music genre. Artists such as Combs and Jelly Roll are at the height of their popularity and relevance, while chart-topping acts from across the musical spectrum—think Beyoncé, Lana Del Rey, and Post Malone—have gone country. (Fort Worth native Leon Bridges, who’s flirted with the genre in the past, brings a laid-back Kenny Chesney vibe to the soundtrack with “Chrome Cowgirl.”)
Country’s current moment, combined with a movie that takes place in Tornado Alley, gives the Twisters soundtrack some uncommon potential, according to Levy. “Having a movie like this, that takes place in the South, with a director that really wanted to feature the genre, gave us an amazing opportunity to try and capture the zeitgeist,” she said. “We don’t get the opportunity that often as music supervisors to work with and place country music. I grew up in Austin and have always been a really big fan.” (While reporting this story, we learned that Levy is the daughter of Texas Monthly founder Mike Levy, who retired in 2008.)
Still, there can be tension between the goals of finding the right song for a scene and crafting a blockbuster album. In the nineties, the heyday of the original movie-soundtrack album, such releases were often marketed as “songs from and inspired by the motion picture,” to include tracks with hit potential that filmmakers couldn’t use in the movie. (Five of the thirteen songs on the soundtrack to The Matrix, for example, aren’t used in the film itself, while more than half of the thirteen tracks on 1998’s Godzilla: The Album aren’t in the movie.)
Levy acknowledged it can be a challenge to find songs that work both within the film and outside of it—but she thinks Twisters walks that line. “The goal is always to have both,” she said. “We are always trying to reach the broadest possible audience, but yes, sometimes the goals can compete. You can have the most incredible song in the world delivered to you for a film, but if it doesn’t work in a scene, it doesn’t work. I think with this project, we were successful in accomplishing both—hopefully moviegoers agree.”
The film comes first, in other words. Cripps, who worked on the record-label side of the project, agrees with the principle. “The number one goal was to get the best songs and the best artists for each scene in the film,” he said. “The rest falls into place.”

      By Dan Solomon

      By Texas Monthly

      By Emily McCullar

      By John Spong

      By Heather Martin

      By Scott Ray

Subscribe today to view and add comments.
      

        Already have a subscription? Log In.


      By David Courtney

      By Heather Martin

      By Scott Ray

      By Sandi Villarreal

      By Tom Foster

      By John Spong

      By Robert Downen

      By Emily McCullar

      By Joseph Guinto

      By Emily McCullar

        We report on vital issues from politics to education and are the indispensable authority on the Texas scene, covering everything from music to cultural events with insightful recommendations.
      

        Copyright © 2025. All Rights Reserved.