Photos by (from left) Xavier Collin/Image Press Agency,Paul A. Hebert/Invision,EDMOND SADAKA EDMOND, all via AP images
Welcome back, Terriers, to our monthly column, What’s Hot in Music This Month.
As a new semester gets underway, the sidewalks up and down Comm Ave are bustling again. So is the music scene: February is packed with exciting album releases and don’t-miss local concerts. Usher releases a new album just days before his Apple Music Super Bowl halftime show performance, and Zara Larsson delivers more pop perfection with her new album Venus. Plus, Boyz II Men and Mitski take the stage at MGM Music Hall at Fenway in separate concerts. Without further ado, here are some of the biggest new albums and concerts coming to you this month.
Named one of Rolling Stone’s 250 Greatest Guitarists of All Time, Brittany Howard exudes talent. For nine years, she was the lead vocalist, rhythm guitarist, and songwriter for rock band Alabama Shakes, which earned her multiple Grammy awards. When Alabama Shakes went on hiatus in 2018, Howard stepped out on her own, releasing the experimental synth-rock record Jaime in 2019. Now, she’s back with her second studio album, What’s Now, which drops February 2. The eponymous title track offers a tantalizing taste of the groovy, smooth sound Howard is known for.
Share this
In Coming Home, eight-time Grammy-winner Usher is treating us to a preview of his February 11 Apple Music Super Bowl LVIII halftime show performance. The album drops February 9, just two days before the big game. The so-called “king of R&B” has been making music since he was 15 and his catalog is bursting with hits like “U Got It Bad,” “U Remind Me,” and “Yeah!” Coming Home includes previously released singles “Good Good” with 21 Savage and Summer Walker, as well as “Boyfriend,” and fans can expect even more of the danceable R&B swagger that Usher is known for.
Share this
Though he’s an indie rock darling, Declan McKenna is never one to be predictable. In the four singles already released from his new album, McKenna experiments with electronic and organic sounds, creating what he calls an album with “a lot of strangeness.” The talented English singer-songwriter shot to popularity with his 2014 track “Brazil” and since then has proven himself to be a musical force to be reckoned with. What Happened to the Beach? is only his third studio album, but he delivers with the authority of a seasoned performer. Check out the album when it comes out on February 9.
Share this
Swedish pop princess Zara Larsson was just 10 years old when she won Talang—the Swedish version of the international TV series Got Talent—in 2008. Since then, Larsson has skyrocketed to international fame, starting with her 2015 single “Lush Life,” followed by a slew of other hits. She truly has a gift for crafting electropop earworms, those songs you want to sing along to. The album cover references the famous Botticelli painting “The Birth of Venus,” and sees the pop star embracing her femininity and power. Venus is out February 9.
Share this
“Jenny from the Block” is returning with her first album in 10 years. This Is Me… Now is the sequel to the superstar’s 2002 platinum-certified album This Is Me… Then; the new release tells the story of finding love after heartbreak. But that’s not all Lopez has in store: she’s also releasing a 65-minute film on Prime Video to accompany the album. The movie’s trailer is a wild roller-coaster ride, jumping from rom-com to thriller to sci-fi and packed with an all-star cast featuring Emmy-winning talk show host Trevor Noah, German singer-songwriter Kim Petras, rapper, singer, and songwriter Post Malone, and husband Ben Afflect, who tied the knot with Lopez in 2022. You won’t want to miss this once-in-a-lifetime musical event when it arrives February 16.
Share this
Boyz II Men will perform at MGM Music Hall at Fenway, 2 Lansdowne St., Boston, Friday, February 9, at 8 pm. Purchase tickets, starting at $61.50, here.
The iconic boy band, now more than 40 years old, is one of the most famous musical acts in the world. Their iconic harmonies and emotional ballads have garnered them legions of fans and four Grammy awards. The trio—baritone Nathan Morris and tenors Wanyá Morris and Shawn Stockman—are still at the top of their game, and they’re bringing their timeless sound to the MGM Music Hall at Fenway stage this month.
Tinashe will perform at Royale Boston, 279 Tremont St., Boston, Monday, February 12, at 8 pm. Purchase tickets, starting at $52, here.
A Tinashe performance is like no other. The pop-R&B songstress is known for bringing her show-stopping choreography to every concert, punctuating her infectious tracks with dancing that’s as impressive as it is entertaining. Happily for us, she’s bringing her talents to the Royale stage this month in support of her 2023 album BB/Ang3l, a project that Pitchfork hails “as stylish and focused as a runway walk.”
Mitski will perform at MGM Music Hall at Fenway, 2 Lansdowne St., Boston, February 15 to 18. Purchase tickets, starting at $92.25, here for Thursday, February 15; here for Friday, February 16; here for Saturday, February 17; and here for Sunday, February 18.
The reclusive superstar is taking over MGM Music Hall at Fenway for a jaw-dropping four-show run. Fresh off the release of her seventh studio album, 2023’s This Land Is Inhospitable and So Are We, Mitski once again proves that she can create heart-crushing music and live performances that are half music and half performance art. She’s truly a once-in-a-generation artist, and Boston fans have a chance to see her incredible artistry in person.
Chelsea Cutler will perform at MGM Music Hall at Fenway, 2 Lansdowne St., Boston, Saturday, February 24, at 8 pm. Purchase tickets, starting at $49.25, here.
Following the release of her third studio album, Stellaria, Connecticut native Chelsea Cutler is hitting the road for her The Beauty Is Everywhere tour. After drawing a devoted fanbase with her 2017 song “Your Shirt,” Cutler has gone on to create beautiful indie pop records that showcase a talented lyricist who has her finger on the social pulse. Here is an artist whose work gets better and better with every album. And fans who have seen her perform live know that her music truly comes alive when she’s on stage, so get your tickets now.
Ryan Beatty will perform at Big Night Live, 110 Causeway St., Boston, Wednesday, February 28, at 7 pm. Purchase tickets, starting at $38.15, here.
Make way for indie pop’s newest superstar. Ryan Beatty, who has previously collaborated with Tyler, the Creator, and the band Brockhampton, is coming to the Big Night Live stage in support of his 2023 album, Calico. The 28-year-old singer-songwriter’s music is a sweeping and beautiful ode to love and maturity, accented with his signature layered harmonies. Don’t miss this show, which is sure to leave you crying and dancing at the same time.
New Music February 2024: New Albums, Local Concerts


							Sam Thomas (COM’24)						

							Profile						

Boston University moderates comments to facilitate an informed, substantive, civil conversation. Abusive, profane, self-promotional, misleading, incoherent or off-topic comments will be rejected. Moderators are staffed during regular business hours (EST) and can only accept comments written in English. Statistics or facts must include a citation or a link to the citation.
		
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Boston University’s Alumni Magazine
News, Opinion, Community
Pioneering Research from Boston University