SiriusXM host Megyn Kelly called the Black National Anthem performance at Super Bowl LVIII “a middle finger to the country” in a rant that one of her podcast guests topped with several outrageous claims.
Sunday night’s Super Bowl LVIII took place against a culture-war backdrop that included bizarre accusations that Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce and the National Football League have colluded to install President Joe Biden for a second term by rigging the outcome.
During the pre-game ceremonies, the crowd was treated to singing star Andra Day’s rendition of “Lift Every Voice and Sing,” also known as the Black National Anthem.
Reba McEntire sang “The Star-Spangled Banner” and Post Malone performed “America the Beautiful.”
Kelly — the host of Sirius XM’s The Megyn Kelly Show — had a problem with one of those performances, complaining on Twitter “The so-called Black National Anthem does not belong at the Super Bowl. We already have a National Anthem and it includes EVERYONE.”
On Monday’s episode of Sirius XM’s The Megyn Kelly Show, Kelly was joined by the three co-hosts of the Crain & Company podcast, which is “a Daily Wire sports show hosted by former athletes and coaches Jake Crain, Blain Crain, and David Cone.”
Kelly amped up her previous criticism, then echoed her Unified Santa Claus And Jesus Axiom by declaring there’s only “One National Anthem” and that the Black National Anthem is a divisive middle finger to the country.
Her guests topped that by claiming that the Civil War was fought to prevent the Black National Anthem from existing, that aliens monitoring the Super Bowl would flee the “stupidity” of performing the song, and that “If we had a White national anthem” an unspecified “they” would have “burned that place down in the first thirty seconds”:
MEGYN KELLY: Now. I do want to say I — once again, we were subjected to the so-called Black national anthem, “Lift Every Voice and Sing,” before the actual national — I am sick of this. It’s not necessary.
It’s — to me, played in this context — it’s divisive! There’s one national anthem for all of us! Every American. There is no point in — actually, it’s really a middle finger to the country and to those of us who love each other, irrespective of skin color, to try to divide us by race when we get to anthems at the Super Bowl!
CRAIN & COMPANY CO-HOST 1: Yeah. Well, it’s, I mean, the literally the song you want to lift everybody’s voices up, and you’re excluding every other race. It makes no sense to me.
I didn’t even know they’ve been doing this back since 2020. There’s one national anthem. That’s it.
MEGYN KELLY: That’s right!
CRAIN & COMPANY CO-HOST 1: Yes. But what is Matthew McConaughey? This is a floozy. This is a [makes flute sound]. Yeah, well, this is all it is.
CRAIN & COMPANY CO-HOST 2: Didn’t we fight like a huge war inside the country so we would stop doing this, so we’d have one national anthem? We have, one of the reasons the aliens won’t talk to us is because we’re this stupid. We think to combat racism, we should look at everything through color. We think to combat, you know, people that are gay, straight, or trans, we should just celebrate one of the three and not normalize that.
I, I just don’t know why we do this. Can you imagine? Where’s the Hispanic national anthem?
CRAIN & COMPANY CO-HOST 3: Yeah. Where’s the Asian na–
CRAIN & COMPANY CO-HOST 2: We brought Reba to the Super Bowl not to sing the White national anthem?
CRAIN & COMPANY CO-HOST 3: Yeah. What are we doing?
CRAIN & COMPANY CO-HOST 2: If we had a White national anthem, they’d have burned that place down in the first thirty seconds.
MEGYN KELLY: Jake, did you say one of the reasons aliens won’t talk to us is because we’re too stupid? [laughs]
CRAIN & COMPANY CO-HOST 2: Because we do stupid — If I was an alien, and it was a billion years smarter than what we were. And I’m like, all right. Hey, guys, let’s all watch the Super Bowl and we’ll make a decision on whether we should talk to them or not.
The minute the black national anthem comes on, that’s that’s supposed to lift every voice. Unless you’re any other race in the world. We’re just gonna send back up —
Watch above via Sirius XM’s The Megyn Kelly Show.

Have a tip or story idea? Email us.
 Or to keep it anonymous, click here.