ARIZONA NEWS
Feb 1, 2024, 9:36 AM
Justin Thomas plays a shot in the rain during the second round of the 2015 WM Phoenix Open in Scottsdale. Rain is in the forecast for the start of the 2024 tournament. (Photo by Maddie Meyer/Getty Images)
(Photo by Maddie Meyer/Getty Images)
BY KEVIN STONE
KTAR.com
PHOENIX – The Valley is about to flip from unseasonably warm conditions to a stormy stretch that could put a damper on next week’s WM Phoenix Open activities.
The first wave of rain is expected to hit metro Phoenix on Thursday night.
“The west part of the Valley might see rain as early as 8 p.m., but more likely for the entire metro is going to be between 10 [p.m.] and 1 a.m.,” Chris Kuhlman of the National Weather Service in Phoenix told KTAR News 92.3 FM on Thursday morning.
Kuhlman said there could be isolated showers and thunderstorms throughout the day Friday, but the most significant activity will be late Thursday and overnight.
Widespread rain showers will spread across the region from W to E throughout the day today, arriving in the Phoenix metro between 6-8 PM CST. Expect steady rainfall to persist overnight with lingering showers and a few storms possible on Friday. #azwx #cawx pic.twitter.com/qnBxxO4DFu
— NWS Phoenix (@NWSPhoenix) February 1, 2024
Rainfall totals from the system are expected to range from about 0.5 inches in the southern and western parts of the Valley to 0.75 inches in the north and east, with some spot possibly getting up to an inch, Kuhlman said.
Thursday’s forecast calls for a high temperature in the mid-70s, which would be Phoenix’s sixth consecutive day in the 70s or 80s. However, the pending storm will likely keep highs in the low 60s on Friday and through the weekend.
A stronger disturbance with the potential significant precipitation is due to hit the Valley next week.
“It is a storm system that will set up to our west and it’ll just sit there … and it’ll pump moisture and … periods of rain through our area starting as early as Tuesday,” Kuhlman said.
While it’s too early to know for sure, it looks like Wednesday will see the heaviest activity of what’s expected to be 3-4 days of rain.
“It’ll probably add up,” Kuhlman said. “Right now, we’re looking at preliminary rainfall of 1 to 2 inches across much of the area.”
The dayslong storm is due to arrive in the middle of WM Phoenix Open week at TPC Scottsdale.
The golf tournament’s festivities kick off Saturday night with Post Malone’s Concert in the Coliseum on the 16th hole, with practice rounds scheduled for Monday and Tuesday. Those seem fairly safe, as far as the weather is concerned.
But things could get dicey for Wednesday’s Annexus Pro-Am and the early rounds of the four-day pro tournament, which tees off Thursday.
Tournament officials will broadcast weather warnings on the golf course’s electronic leaderboards. A prolonged air horn blast will signify that play is suspended and spectators should seek shelter.
While February is poised to start with a wet stretch, January ended with below-normal rainfall totals.
Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport, which the National Weather Service uses for the city’s official readings, saw 0.73 inches of rain in the first month of 2024. All but 0.3 inches fell during a three-day stormy stretch Jan. 21-23.
The normal January amount is 0.87 inches. In 2023, Phoenix received 1.03 inches in the first month of the year.
KTAR News 92.3 FM’s Jim Cross contributed to this report.
Follow @kstonezone
Have a story idea or tip? Pass it along to the KTAR News team here.
Bailey Leasure

                                            A suspect was arrested Saturday morning in connection with a Mesa shooting in April that left one man dead, authorities said.                                        
5 minutes ago
Kevin Stone

                                            Crews continue to increase containment of the Stronghold Fire in southern Arizona, authorities said.                                        
1 hour ago
Angela Gonzales/Phoenix Business Journal

                                            MDF Development plans to build a 15,000-square-foot private gated compound in Paradise Valley and sell it for $30 million.                                        
4 hours ago
Damon Allred

                                            The family of a murdered child can seek restitution for its future lost wages, according to a Wednesday decision from the Arizona Supreme Court.                                        
4 hours ago
Payne Moses

                                            A Border Patrol agent was found guilty of conspiracy to commit honest services wire fraud on April 25, the U.S. Attorney's Office of District of Arizona said.                                        
13 hours ago
Bailey Leasure

                                            The Phoenix Police Department launched a new program called Smart Notifications on Monday.                                        
14 hours ago

                                Sonic                            

                                As spring training kicks off in Arizona, baseball fans are flocking to the Valley of the Sun to catch their favorite teams in action.                            

                                Asset Preservation Wealth & Tax                            

                                As your plan out your retirement plan, asking the right questions with your retirement planner will give you a better understanding on how to map out your plan.                            

                                Midwestern University                            

                                What if one of the best health care providers in your area wasn’t a big hospital or a corporate chain—but a place you’ve driven past without even realizing it? The best care is closer than you think.