Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
The preshow, hosted by Dometi Pongo, Kevan Kenney and Nessa, will also feature a special performance by the K-pop girl group Le Sserafim.

							By 

	Carly Thomas

Associate Editor

	The red carpet preshow for MTV‘s 2024 Video Music Awards is officially underway.

	The preshow special, hosted by Dometi Pongo, Kevan Kenney and Nessa, airs live on Wednesday from 3:30 p.m. to 5 p.m. PT on MTV, MTV2, CMT and Logo. It is also being streamed live on MTV’s YouTube channel. The preshow will also feature a special performance by the K-pop group Le Sserafim.



	The girl group, a first-time VMAs nominee, will be making their U.S. awards show debut during the preshow. They recently released their fourth mini album Crazy and scored their second Billboard Hot 100 hit with its title track.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	Movies
			



	
		
					Far East Film Festival: Yihui Shao's Feminist Drama 'Her Story' Wins Top Prize		
			














	
	TV
			



	
		
					Kirk Medas, 'Floribama Shore' Star, Dies at 33		
			








	Watch a livestream of the preshow below, and continue to follow The Hollywood Reporter throughout the night to see which artists are taking home an MTV “Moon Person” trophy.

	This year, Taylor Swift and Post Malone are the leading nominees, following the massive success of their collaboration on the song “Fortnight.” Swift, who released The Tortured Poets Department earlier this year, is up for 10 awards, including video of the year, artist of the year and song of the year. As for Malone, he earned nine nominations, including video of the year and song of the year.

	Lenny Kravitz, Halsey, Camila Cabello, Chappell Roan, Sabrina Carpenter, LL Cool J, Blackpink’s Lisa, Karol G, Anitta, Benson Boone and more are set to hit the stage for performances on Wednesday night.

	The 2024 VMAs, hosted by Megan Thee Stallion (who will also perform), will air live beginning at 5 p.m. PT from Long Island’s UBS Arena. The ceremony can be viewed on MTV’s channels, including BET, BET Her, CMT, Comedy Central, Logo, MTV, MTV2, Nick at Nite, Paramount Network, Pop, TV Land, VH1 and Univision. 
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.