Zach Bryan has deactivated his X account after a controversial Tuesday (Sept. 17) tweet about Kanye, Taylor Swift and football drew backlash.
"Eagles > chiefs. Kanye > Taylor. Who's with me," the since-deleted post reads.
After Bryan wiped his presence on the social media platform, some users came to his defense, with one opining, "He was telling the truth."
But more had negative things to say about the sentiment.
"Mad because Taylor WASHES him when it comes to the country genre," one responder said.
"He better be releasing an apology video rn," another added.
On Thursday (Sept. 19), Bryan did indeed address the situation with an apologetic string of Instagram Story slides, saying he never meant to show disrespect for Swift or her music.
"For the record guys I wasn't coming for Taylor the other night," he wrote, in a slide set to her hit collaboration with Post Malone, "Fortnight." "I was drunkenly comparing two records and it came out wrong."
Bryan also acknowledged that there's "a lot of stuff that clouds around Ye," and said that he was purely focusing on which music he prefers.
"I love Taylor's music and pray you guys know I'm human and tweet stupid things often. Hope one day I can explain this to her," he says.
The singer also said that he's planning to stay off the X social media platform for a while, saying it, "gets me in trouble too much." He went into that further in another slide, writing, "Don't drink and tweet!"
Bryan also said that there are underlying personal issues informing his behavior, saying that he's been "going through a hard time" and was "projecting a little" in that tweet.
"This year has been an awful lot on me in personal ways that no one knows and I've been trying to cope and balance too many things at once," he admits. "So I'm going to take a breather from tweeting stupid stuff, finish my tour and ground myself somehow in the midst of all this. I feel very, very blessed each day."
Bryan is currently in the midst of his Quittin' Time Tour, which is scheduled to continue into mid-December.