By 

	Kalia Richardson


	As a solar eclipse moved across the U.S., Taylor Swift teased what some are speculating to be potential lyrics on social media ahead of her new album, The Tortured Poets Department. In her Instagram Story, Swift shared a black-and-white video of a typewriter punching the words, “Crowd goes wild at her fingertips, half moonshine, full eclipse,” along with pre-order link.  

	The typed text created an online frenzy, as people stepped outside to watch the moon block the face of the sun. The hint to her new album is typical of Swift, who often leaves breadcrumb trails for fans to follow. The black-and-white clip also matches the muted theme of the megastar’s 11th studio album, set to release April 19.

Swift first surprise-announced the album when she took the stage to accept the award for Best Pop Vocal Album for Midnights at the 2024 Grammys. “I want to say thank you to the fans by telling you a secret that I’ve been keeping from you for the last two years, which is that my brand new album comes out on April 19. It’s called The Tortured Poets Department. I’m gonna go and post the cover. Right now, backstage. Thank you.”

	










	The award marked her 13th Grammy win, the star’s favorite number, which caused some fans online to speculate beforehand that she would make an announcement at the ceremony. In a conversation with Jay Leno from 2009, she detailed the importance of the number: “I was born on the 13th. I turned 13 on Friday the 13th. My first album went gold in 13 weeks. Also, my first song that ever went Number One, it had a 13-second intro, and I didn’t do it on purpose,” Swift said.





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Walton Goggins Shuts Down Interview Over Aimee Lou Wood Questions		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Piper Rockelle Has a Lot to Say About That Netflix Documentary		
	








	Since revealing the album title on the Grammys stage, Swift released a track list Feb. 5 including features with Post Malone and Florence + The Machine. The album will include 17 songs, with bonus track, “The Manuscript.”

	On Sunday, SiriusXM launched Channel 13 (Taylor’s Version), where the station will play her music and share fans’ stories through May 7. On the album’s release date and during the weekend following, the station plans to broadcast the popstar’s full album. 
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.