By CASSIE CARPENTER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  21:53, 11 April 2024   |  Updated:  23:36, 11 April 2024   
 1
View  comments
Paramount Pictures is developing an R-rated, live-action adaptation of IDW's five-issue comic book series, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: The Last Ronin.
The studio hired former DC Films head Walter Hamada to produce the gritty film, which will be penned by Tyler Burton Smith (Boy Kills World, Child's Play) - according to THR.
Kevin Eastman - who created TMNT with Peter Laird in 1984 - co-wrote The Last Ronin with Tom Waltz and it's set in a dystopian alternative universe where Splinter and his three of his heroes in a half-shell are murdered one-by-one by the grandson of Shredder and synthetic ninjas.
The Daredevil-inspired turtles, transformed after being exposed to radioactive ooze as hatchlings, have spawned seven feature films (five of which were live action) and amassed a combined $1.3B at the global box office.
Paramount Pictures is developing an R-rated, live-action adaptation of IDW's five-issue comic book series, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: The Last Ronin
The studio hired former DC Films head Walter Hamada to produce the gritty film, which will be penned by Tyler Burton Smith (Boy Kills World, Child's Play)
It all started with director Steve Barron's iconic 1990 film starring Judith Hoag and Elias Koteas along with Corey Feldman and four others voicing the Jim Henson-crafted turtles and Splinter. 
In 2014, director Jonathan Liebesman rebooted Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles starring Megan Fox and Will Arnett along with Tony Shalhoub and four others voicing Splinter and the CG-animated turtles.
And following the success of Jeff Rowe's critically-acclaimed 2023 animated reboot Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Mutant Mayhem, a big-screen sequel and Paramount+ animated spin-off series are both in the works.
It featured voiceover actors like Jackie Chan, Paul Rudd, Rose Byrne, Giancarlo Esposito, Ice Cube, Ayo Edebiri, John Cena, Seth Rogen, and Post Malone.
The original Mirage Studios comic book series - which was published from 1984-2014 - also spawned five TV series, numerous video games, and a range of toys and merchandise.
Kevin Eastman - who created TMNT with Peter Laird in 1984 - co-wrote The Last Ronin with Tom Waltz and it's set in a dystopian alternative universe where Splinter and his three of his heroes in a half-shell are murdered one-by-one by the grandson of Shredder and synthetic ninjas
The Daredevil-inspired turtles, transformed after being exposed to radioactive ooze as hatchlings, have spawned seven feature films (five of which were live action) and amassed a combined $1.3B at the global box office
It all started with director Steve Barron's iconic 1990 film starring Judith Hoag (L) and Elias Koteas (M) along with Corey Feldman and four others voicing the Jim Henson-crafted turtles and Splinter
In 2014, director Jonathan Liebesman rebooted Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles starring Megan Fox (M) and Will Arnett along with Tony Shalhoub and four others voicing Splinter and the CG-animated turtles
And following the success of Jeff Rowe's critically-acclaimed 2023 animated reboot Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Mutant Mayhem, a big-screen sequel and Paramount+ animated spin-off series are both in the works

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group