Billionaire pop star Taylor Swift is poised to have a successful night at Wednesday’s MTV Video Music Awards, where she’s the most-nominated artist and could break records just one day after she endorsed Vice President Kamala Harris for president in a viral Instagram post.
Taylor Swift is the most-nominated artist at this year's VMAs. (Photo by Dimitrios Kambouris/Getty ... More Images)
Swift has a leading 12 nominations at this year’s VMAs, most of which are for her song “Fortnight,” a cut from her “Tortured Poets Department” album featuring Post Malone.
With 23 career wins so far, Swift could surpass Beyoncé’s all-time record of 27 VMAs if she wins more than four awards Wednesday night.
Swift is up for the night’s biggest awards, including Video of the Year—which she won the past two years in a row—as well as Song of the Year and Artist of the Year.
Post Malone follows with 11 nominations, most of which are with Swift for “Fortnight,” while Ariana Grande, Megan Thee Stallion and Sabrina Carpenter have seven each.
In the night’s top category—Video of the Year—“Fortnight” will compete with Ariana Grande’s “We Can’t Be Friends (Wait For Your Love),” Billie Eilish’s “Lunch,” Doja Cat’s “Paint The Town Red,” Eminem’s “Houdini” and SZA’s “Snooze.”
Swift hasn’t confirmed whether she’ll attend the VMAs. She attended the past two years, where she accepted the Video of the Year awards for “All Too Well: The Short Film” and “Anti-Hero.” This year’s show will take place in New York at the UBS Arena—Swift was in New York as recently as this weekend to attend the U.S. Open.
The VMAs will air Wednesday at 8 p.m. EDT on MTV and will stream live on Paramount Plus.
Swift made waves just minutes after Tuesday night’s presidential debate by announcing on Instagram that she would vote for Harris. She praised Harris as a “steady-handed, gifted leader” and said “we can accomplish so much more in this country if we are led by calm and not chaos.” Swift’s potential endorsement was highly anticipated, as the singer has 283 million Instagram followers and has previously been credited with creating big spikes in voter registration after previous endorsements. She seldom weighs in on politics, but endorsed Democrat Phil Bredesen over Republican Marsha Blackburn in the 2018 U.S. Senate race in Tennessee, as well as President Joe Biden over former President Donald Trump in 2020. Trump reacted Wednesday morning to Swift’s Harris endorsement, stating on “Fox & Friends” that he is “not a Taylor Swift fan” and that she “seems to always endorse a Democrat and she’ll probably pay a price for it in the marketplace.”
If Swift attends the VMAs and wins an award, whether she’ll say anything about the presidential election. The ceremony takes place less than 24 hours after Swift’s viral Harris endorsement.
Forbes estimates Swift net worth at $1.3 billion as of Wednesday. She’s the first artist to make the billionaire ranks solely on her songs and performances.
Donald Trump Says He Likes Brittany Mahomes ‘Much Better’ Than Taylor Swift—After Swift Endorses Harris (Forbes)
Taylor Swift Endorses Kamala Harris After Debate With Trump (Forbes)
Elon Musk Says He’ll Give Taylor Swift A Child—Prompting Mockery On Social Media (Forbes)
One Community. Many Voices. Create a free account to share your thoughts. 
Our community is about connecting people through open and thoughtful conversations. We want our readers to share their views and exchange ideas and facts in a safe space.
In order to do so, please follow the posting rules in our site's Terms of Service.  We've summarized some of those key rules below. Simply put, keep it civil.
Your post will be rejected if we notice that it seems to contain:
User accounts will be blocked if we notice or believe that users are engaged in:
So, how can you be a power user?
Thanks for reading our community guidelines.  Please read the full list of posting rules found in our site's Terms of Service.