People are now realising what AM and PM means on a clock - and it's leaving their minds blown.
Social media users have finally learned the meaning behind the abbreviations, and while it might not come as a shock that the terms refer to the morning and afternoon, you might be surprised to realise AM does not stand for "after midnight", while PM isn't quite the same as "past morning".
Even if you are not, lots of social media users were stunned to discover this fact after one inquisitive woman questioned what the two terms mean. In a post to TikTok, @amayaclarke08 asked: "What does AM or PM actually stand for?"
In response, lots of viewers were quick to admit they did not know. Others tried to guess the answer, but this is turn revealed several weren't quite sure of the origins, reports the Mirror.
Replying to the English teen's video, which gained thousands of views, one commenter guessed: "At morning and past morning." A second joked: "Andy Murray and Post Malone." And several commenters confidently answered: "After midnight past midday."
  READ MORE:    People are only just learning what common 'zig zag' marking on UK roads means  
We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy
However, the terms mean 'before midday' and 'after midday'. As Royal Museums Greenwich, the home of Greenwich Mean Time, explains: "AM stands for the Latin ante meridiem, translating to 'before midday'. This is the time before the sun has crossed the meridian. pm stands for post meridiem or 'after midday' – after the sun has crossed the meridian."
It is for this reason you shouldn't call midday 12pm, according to the experts. "At exactly 12 noon, the Sun is at its highest point in the sky and directly over the meridian. It is therefore neither 'ante' (am) nor 'post' (pm) meridiem. At 12 midnight it also neither am nor pm."
So, there you have it. If the Latin behind the abbreviations is news to you, you've likely still been using them as the right time of the day, unless you've been talking about noon or midnight specifically. If you have then don't worry, as it sounds like you probably weren't the only one.
SEARCH
CONNECT WITH US
TODAY'S PAPER
 See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive.
EXPRESS.CO.UK
Daily Express uses notifications to keep you updated