By
Peter Burditt
Updated: 
Besides Post Malone’s “I Had Some Help” and Shaboozey’s “A Bar Song(Tipsy),” the most popular song of summer was Riley Green and Ella Langley’s hit “You Look Like You Love Me.” In addition to going viral on social media, the song appeared on the Billboard Hot 100, US Country Airplay charts, and the US Hot Country Songs chart. 
The song garnered Langley her first-ever Hot 100 appearance and received a CMA nomination for Musical Event of The Year. Green and Langley struck gold with their collaboration and as a result, the two are now A-list country music stars. Though, according to Green, this collaboration was never supposed to happen. Instead, it seems divine intervention stepped in and produced one of the best songs of the 2024 summer. 
Recently, Riley Green sat down with Apple Music to discuss his song “Don’t Mind If I Do.” However, when the conversation detracted from his new song, Green dropped the behind-the-scenes news about his collaboration. “I didn’t plan on [Langley] being on that song” and “I wrote it as a duet, but I had her come by the studio to put a female vocal on it just to hear it so I could potentially pitch it around,” said Green. 
Though, when Langley came into the studio, “She just crushed it.” These moments come rarely in country music, but with them, it had been an unconsciously long time in the making given the puzzle-piece fittingness of their voices. Green testified to the fact stating, “We are from very similar areas in Alabama, and I think we grew up listening to the same kind of music” and “Maybe that’s why our voices go so well together, and we’ve got the same kind of twang.” 
The incidental nature of this collaboration makes it all the better. As the argument regarding the prescribed pairing of Green and Langley gets entirely debunked with Green’s story. Nonetheless, Green and Langley have benefited immensely from this collaboration and founded a friendship out of it. “I’m happy for her success, and it’s fun having her on the road,” Riley Green said in his closing remarks. 
Photo by Michael McKinney/Shutterstock
Only members can comment. Become a member. Already a member? Log in.
The Shocking Story of How Ozzy Osbourne Cheated Death in 2003
4 Songs with the Most Iconic Intros in Country Music
Watch Aerosmith’s Steven Tyler and Joe Perry Perform Together for the First Time in Two Years

			© 2025 American Songwriter			American Songwriter: a Savage Ventures Brand