Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
After realising how little support was available for new mums, Tiffany Norris, 42, decided it was time for change. Now Tiffany, who splits her time between London and the Cotswolds, works as a “mummy concierge”, finding baby stylists, arranging post-birth photo shoots and helping billionaires and Hollywood stars with all things pregnancy and parenting.
“When I was pregnant six years ago I remember being in John Lewis and bursting into tears because I didn’t know what I needed to get for my baby. My meltdown sparked something in my head about how you can get a wedding planner if you’re getting married and a mortgage adviser if you’re buying a house but there wasn’t anything for new parents.
I was working as a journalist at the time but I went home, came up with the name The Mummy Concierge, bought a website and never looked back. Helping parents with everything from finding maternity nurses to decorating their hospital room with Jo Malone reed diffusers and cotton Egyptian sheets is my full-time job.
One part of my role involves arranging photo shoots for mums who’ve just given birth in hospital. It’s a growing trend, although most of the people making these requests are celebrities.
Other mums I have worked with have wanted professional photos for deeply emotive reasons like previous miscarriages or having previously had traumatic birth experiences.
A photo shoot is a way of remembering every moment post-birth and rectifying prior experiences. My first client was having her second baby. Her first birth experience had been quite negative and she’d spent hours in labour before having an emergency C-section.
She told me that whenever she looks at her post-birth photos, she sees fear and sadness, so she wanted more positive memories the second time around. We arranged for a photographer to visit her hospital room a day after her baby was born, but she decided to get a make-up artist, too.
It’s nothing to do with vanity. It’s all about making women feel more like themselves. I want women to be proud to show their photos, rather than quickly flicking through a book. I think when you’re pregnant you can sometimes feel as though you lose a lot of your identity. You suddenly become “the pregnant person”. This is all about creating beautiful photographs people can cherish.
Some photographers offer a package where they’ll take photos in the hospital and then come back three months and 12 months later. It’s great to be a part of these memories.”
Find out more at themummyconcierge.com