Photo: Getty Images
Post Malone said he was “so terrified and beyond honored,” when he made his highly-anticipated debut at the historic Grand Ole Opry on Wednesday evening (August 14) in Nashville, Tennessee. Post’s momentous performance arrives shortly before he delivers his 18-track country album, F-1 Trillion.
Grand Ole Opry member Brad Paisley introduced Post Malone to the stage and into the iconic circle for his first performance at the venue. Paisley hailed the F-1 Trillion artist a singer with a “country heart,” who has “immersed himself in the Nashville way,” over the course of creating his next record. However, “you aren’t a country singer until you’ve played this [the Grand Ole Opry].”
“My name is Austin Richard Post. And I’m here to play some songs tonight with some really amazing folks and friends of mine and I’m honored to call them friends of mine. And I’m so terrified and beyond honored to be standing right in this spot right here,” Post Malone said as he stood in the Opry circle before a cheering, packed crowd on Wednesday night. He added that he was “amazingly grateful and beyond floored,” that Paisley introduced him to the Opry stage, noting that he saw the country star in concert around age 6.
Post’s debut Opry set began with “One More Last Chance” with Vince Gill, “Be My Baby Tonight” with John Michael Montgomery. He also included first-ever live renditions of “Nosedive” with Lainey Wilson, “Goes Without Saying” with Paisley, and “California Sober,” a collaboration with Chris Stapleton, which Posty performed with husband-and-wife duo The War and Treaty. he also delivered a solo performance of “I Had Some Help,” a collaboration with Morgan Wallen, and closed the show with a country spin on his 2018 single, “Sunflower.”
“I Had Some Help” was the first track Posty revealed from his highly-anticipated country project earlier this year, followed by “Pour Me A Drink” with Blake Shelton and “Guy For That” with Luke Combs.
Post Malone’s F-1 Trillion will arrive on Friday (August 16). He’ll kick off his headlining “F-1 Trillion Tour” next month. See the dates below, and watch him make his Opry debut here.
Photo: Chris Hollo
Photo: Chris Hollo
Photo: Chris Hollo
Photo: Chris Hollo
Photo: Chris Hollo
Photo: Chris Hollo
Sun Sep 8 – Salt Lake City, UT – Utah First Credit Union Amphitheatre  
Thu Sep 12 – Noblesville, IN – Ruoff Music Center  
Sat Sep 14 – Syracuse, NY – Empower Federal Credit Union Amphitheater at Lakeview  
Mon Sep 16 – Bangor, ME – Maine Savings Amphitheatre  
Wed Sep 18 – Boston, MA – Fenway Park  
Fri Sep 20 – Hershey, PA – Hersheypark Stadium  
Sat Sep 21 – Hartford, CT – The XFINITY Theatre  
Mon Sep 23 – Saratoga Springs, NY – Broadview Stage at SPAC  
Wed Sep 25 – Scranton, PA – The Pavilion at Montage Mountain  
Sat Sep 28* – New York, NY – Global Citizen Festival
Sun Sep 29 – Wantagh, NY – Northwell at Jones Beach Theatre  
Tue Oct 1 – Cuyahoga Falls, OH – Blossom Music Center  
Fri Oct 4 – Virginia Beach, VA – Veterans United Home Loans Amphitheater at Virginia Beach   
Sat Oct 5 – Raleigh, NC – Coastal Credit Union Music Park  
Mon Oct 7 – Charlotte, NC – PNC Music Pavilion  
Wed Oct 9 – Charleston, SC – Credit One Stadium  
Fri Oct 11 – Atlanta, GA – Lakewood Amphitheatre  
Sun Oct 13 – Rogers, AR – Walmart AMP  
Tue Oct 15 – Pelham, AL – Oak Mountain Amphitheatre  
Thu Oct 17 – Orange Beach, AL – The Wharf Amphitheater  
Sat Oct 19 – Nashville, TN – Nissan Stadium
Tue Oct 22 – Houston, TX – Th Cynthia Woods Mitchell Pavilion
Sat Oct 26 – Austin, TX – Germania Insurance Amphitheater
*Festival Performance