e-Edition
Get the latest news delivered daily!
Get the latest news delivered daily!
e-Edition

			Trending:		
As Sexxy Red unleashed the first downbeat of “Rich Baby Daddy” at the Rolling Loud Festival at Hollywood Park in Inglewood on Friday, March 15, the energy on the blacktop in the shadow of SoFi Stadium became palpable.
Fans turned the parking lot into a full-fledged dancefloor as the St. Louis, Miss. rapper launched into the fan-favorite anthem, which helped secure her  more recent meteoric rise to fame as the song pulsated through TikTok feeds and social media timelines.
ALSO SEE: Kanye West and Ty Dolla Sign headline first night at Rolling Loud — but don’t actually perform
Whether fans found themselves at the front of the barricade or lingering in the back, they sang along to Red’s lyrics as she rapped, “hands on your knees, hands on your knees.” And that’s exactly what the crowd did.
“Rolling Loud, thank you for having me, I see each and every one of you dancing. This is the energy I want right now, so let’s do this,” Red shouted to the audience before transitioning into her breakout hit “Poundtown.”
The energy of that set permeated throughout the day. With high excitement coming from attendees and hip-hop music echoing in the atmosphere, it felt like a momentous occasion, marking Rolling Loud’s milestone 10th anniversary celebration. The renowned global hip-hop festival, known for its flagship events in cities like New York and Miami, made its return to Hollywood Park for the second consecutive year. This time, the logistics seemed to flow more seamlessly, with three stages, an array of food stands, beer gardens, and even carnival rides, providing concertgoers with an overload of entertainment options to revel in.
Rolling Loud continues on Saturday, March 16 with performances by Post Malone, Suicideboys, Big Sean, Fuerza Regida, Summer Walker, Flo Milli, Bones, Larry June, Danny Towers, Hoosh and more. It wraps up on Sunday, March 17, with performances by Future and Metro Boomin, Don Toliver, Ski Mask The Slump God, Chief Keep, Bryson Tiller and others.
Here are four highlights from the first day of the Rolling Loud Festival.
For the first time in Rolling Loud’s history, corridos took center stage. This year, the bill included acts like Fuerza Regida and Chino Pacas. For many fans, this move came as no surprise, considering the rise of the Mexican genre in recent years, with artists like Peso Pluma propelling to international stardom.
“I’ve had a lifelong love for both hip-hop and corridos,” shared Kaycee Fuerra, who was waiting at the GoPuff Stage before Pacas’ performance. “Being Mexican, I grew up immersed in both genres, so witnessing them come together at a festival I love is special. It’s so awesome to have our roots represented back to us now, and it works, so I hope it keeps happening.”
On Friday evening, Pacas, a 17-year-old Guanajuato Regional Mexican star, performed to a sizeable crowd. Despite his age, his presence felt like he’s been a corridor star for lifetimes, commanding the stage with effortless grace.
Backed by his band of brass instruments and acoustic guitars, he delivered each high and low note, drawing from his catalog of singles released since his rise to fame in 2023. Hits like “Que Onda” and “Apaga El Cel”  were played, with fans singing along word for word. The atmosphere felt familial, as Latinos stood shoulder to shoulder, united in their love for Pacas’ music.
Of course the real star of day one was headliner Nicki Minaj.
It was christened Pink Friday in honor of her latest album, “Pink Friday 2,” as fans eagerly awaited her arrival. This marked Minaj’s sole appearance in the Los Angeles area during her Pink Friday 2 Tour and her first festival headlining performance of the year, prompting devoted fans, known as The Barbz, to flock to the event.
Despite a 40-minute delay, Minaj delivered an enthralling performance from start to finish. Over the course of her two-hour set, she treated the audience to a medley of hits, including tracks from her latest album and her 2010 debut, “Pink Friday.” The stage came to life with pyrotechnics that dazzled the crowd, projecting vibrant animations of Minaj as a robot alongside pink cars and pink phone boxes as props.
Minaj launched into her chart-topping hits of the season, including “FTCU,” “Barbie Dangerous and “I’m The Best.” Older Minaj hits were played at the end of her set, with fans screaming for her to finally play “Super Bass,” and she did. She ended with “Moment 4 Life,” “Starships” and an encore of “Everybody.”
If music wasn’t the mood of the moment, fans found solace and excitement in the many activities and games. Adjacent to the Kings Stage, the “Awful Lot Of Carnival” area beckoned attendees with its array of rides, including a Ferris wheel, swings, and even a super shot ride. Skateboard enthusiasts found their haven in the DGK-hosted skate area, where they could test their skills on a few half pipes. Additionally, a basketball court provided a space for competition, with attendees even forming teams to shoot hoops.
Various photo booths were also offered for snapshots and Instagram-worthy videos. Meanwhile, the hip-hop radio station Power 106/FM hosted a spirited event space that featured a compact dance floor where DJs seamlessly blended rap, reggaeton and other genres to keep fans entertained as they strolled through the carnival area.
Thanks in large part to Pink Friday, or as some fans called it, “Nicki Minaj Day,” attendees were dressed to the nines. The festival grounds were a sea of pink as fans donned everything from stylish dresses and cargo pants to adorable bedazzled cowboy hats and boots. Some even proudly waved pink flag signs adorned with Minaj’s face in the center as a bold declaration of their allegiance to the Queen. It was undeniably a Barbz affair.
“This is hands down the only hip-hop festival I think that does it right, you don’t really get this anywhere else in California. I mean where else can you go on carnival rides and see Nicki Minaj at,” Zach Lock shared with a laugh as he made his way to the parking lot after the night came to a close.
When: March 15-17
Where: Hollywood Park, 1001 S. Stadium Drive, Inglewood
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group