Post Malone will make his final appearance in Upstate New York as part of his “F-1 Trillion Tour” next week. 
Following an electrifying hometown show in Syracuse last Saturday, Posty is set to turn up the energy once more in Saratoga Springs at the Broadview Stage at Saratoga Performing Arts Center (SPAC) on Monday, September 23. The concert starts at 8 p.m., with special guests Muscadine Bloodline and Dan Spencer opening.
For those who missed the sold-out show in Syracuse, there’s still a chance to catch Post Malone live. Limited tickets for the Saratoga Springs concert are available on Live Nation, starting at $89 for lawn general admission.
Tickets are also available at slightly discounted prices on secondary market platforms such as Vivid Seats, SeatGeek and StubHub, which offer verified tickets with a buyer’s guarantee.
A complete list of Post Malone’s tour dates is available here, including a set at New York City’s Global Citizen Festival on September 28.
Based on his performance in Syracuse, fans can expect a diverse setlist as Malone seamlessly transitions between tracks from his latest country album, “F-1 Trillion,” and beloved hits like “Circles,” “Psycho” and “Congratulations.”
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices