ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
MEXICO CITY, MEXICO - AUGUST 24: EDITORIAL USE ONLY. Taylor Swift performs onstage during the ... More "Taylor Swift | The Eras Tour" at Foro Sol on August 24, 2023 in Mexico City, Mexico. (Photo by Hector Vivas/TAS23/Getty Images for TAS Rights Management)
When Taylor Swift’s new album The Tortured Poets Department first impacted the Billboard charts, it wasn’t surprising to see the singer’s name all over the Hot 100. It’s expected at this point that whenever she delivers a full-length, every tune featured on it will find its way to the competitive tally of the most-consumed songs in the U.S. What is especially impressive is that many of those tracks are still present on the list, almost a month later.
Four weeks after all of the songs from The Tortured Poets Department debuted on the Hot 100, many of them are still present. Swift occupies 22 spaces on the chart this frame, claiming 22% of all available real estate for herself.
22 songs on the Hot 100 at one time would be a historic accomplishment for almost any artist. It’s the kind of performance they’d only be able to muster in the biggest frame of their career…but for Swift, it’s actually a sign of diminishing power on the list.
When The Tortured Poets Department first arrived at No. 1 on the Billboard 200, all 31 songs featured on its lengthy tracklist broke onto the Hot 100–and that didn’t even tell the full story of her performance that week. Her debut frame marked one of the most impressive dominations of all time of the tally, and only a handful of tracks have fallen off the list since then.
As should be expected, Swift’s highest-ranking song on the Hot 100 at the moment is “Fortnight,” the lead single from The Tortured Poets Department. That tune blasted onto the ranking at No. 1 and held there for two turns. Now, the Post Malone collaboration is down to No. 8.
Eight more tracks from Swift live inside the top 40 on the Hot 100 at the moment. Seven of them are from The Tortured Poets Department, while her 2019 single “Cruel Summer” is still going strong and holding on, even after more than a year on the list.
In the coming weeks, Swift should expect to lose more and more ground on the Hot 100, but that’s normal. Songs from major releases start off strong and then begin to fall away, making room for newer tunes and even some returning winners. The fact that after four weeks, the majority of the cuts from The Tortured Poets Department are still present on the chart is a sign of both Swift’s immense popularity and the ongoing support for her latest release.