Home    Forums    Music    Grammys 2025 Predictions (Part 12)
I’m not buying the Beatles hype at all. The “No Sleeping” music video was novel because it was an old hit with impressive animation. Wouldn’t be surprised to see them nominated given their legacy and ballot position (cc Abba) but can’t see them winning. 
But that’s not the point. Post Malone could be nominated but there’s no way Die With a Smile, a 100% Grammy bait, would be ignored. It’d only happen if Bruno decided not to submit the song.
Plus there’s no way this song isn’t going to be submitted. I know he didn’t submit the Silk Sonic album, but that was probably him distancing himself from Silk Sonic cause at that point it would’ve been 3 Grammy’s in a row about a side project. 
“Every time someone tries to win a war before it starts, innocent people die. Every time”
Honey, I do NOT buy The Beatles winning Record of the Year.  I can see them winning a genre category.
 I know, but only focusing on #1 on the Billboard Hot 100 charts is dumb. The #1 song of 2021 was Levitating and that song never reached #1 on the Billboard Hot 100 
 all those songs were ( or are for some of them) crazy stable on the top 10 tho ? I think the whole top 10 of the hot 100 is taken into consideration there’s a reason why it’s top 10 and not just number 1 they have basically the same value
ROTY!
"Die with a Smile" by Lady Gaga & Bruno Mars breaks Spotify's record for the song with most days with at least 10 MILLION daily streams (30).
The record was previously held by Miley Cyrus' "Flowers" (29 days). pic.twitter.com/sc1EWcJFEE
— Buzzing Pop (@BuzzingPop) October 2, 2024
I can’t believe music jornalists can be this clueless when it comes to Grammy predictions. I mean: how are they ignoring Bruno and Gaga for Song and Record of the Year?
Unless they know something we don’t or maybe if the song isn’t submitted… but I doubt it. Rolling Stone has just no clue of what they’re doing.
Some of them don’t know the eligibility period, so they probably think DWAS is too recent to be eligible.
Did With A Smile is not as big in America currently so why are you guys shocked that it’s not getting into publication predictions?? It’s not like it’s at the level of Espresso or Tipsy. Calm down.
Did With A Smile is not as big in America currently so why are you guys shocked that it’s not getting into publication predictions?? It’s not like it’s at the level of Espresso or Tipsy. Calm down. 
it’s literally top 2 on all the streaming platforms in the us?
Its way bigger than espresso also
If you don’t have “Die With A Smile” in your predictions, you don’t know how the GRAMMYs work. It’s simple.
Did With A Smile is not as big in America currently so why are you guys shocked that it’s not getting into publication predictions?? It’s not like it’s at the level of Espresso or Tipsy. Calm down.
It didn’t leave Top 2 on Spotify US for weeks…
oh
Beyoncé's 'COWBOY CARTER' will officially compete in Country categories at #GRAMMYs. pic.twitter.com/sjnmHn934X
— chart data (@chartdata) October 2, 2024
I’m seeing that Sabrina has qualified for Best New Artist
So… Get ready for scandalous 0 genre nominations. It gonna be fun!
The topic ‘Grammys 2025 Predictions (Part 12)’ is closed to new replies.
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…

				1 hour ago			

				56 mins ago			

				1 hour ago			

				2 hours ago			

				2 hours ago			

				2 hours ago			

				4 hours ago			

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media