Shirley Ballas has admitted there's 'always some chemistry' in the Strictly Come Dancing ballroom as one of their year's couples set tongues wagging amongst fans.
This year's contestant Pete Wicks is said to have sizzling chemistry with his dance partner Jowita Przystal as viewers have been left gushing over their partnership.
Viewers of the BBC One dance contest will have seen Pete and Jowita perform for only the second time live in the iconic ballroom last weekend after the new series of the BBC One dance contest officially got underway earlier this month.
READ MORE: BBC Strictly Come Dancing star told Gorka Marquez 'not now' as questions before live dance uncovered
In their second performance of the series so far, reality star and podcast host Pete and Jowita performed a country love story-themed American smooth to I Had Some Help by Post Malone and Morgan Wallen, landing a score of 22 out of a possible 40 from the judges.
It took his overall points total to 39 out of 80 after the scores from week one were added together for each of the 15 couples ahead of the first dance-off and elimination of the 2024 series.
Following the news that Pete's place was safe in the hit dance show, it's been confirmed that he will be performing a Samba to the George Of The Jungle Theme during Strictly's Movie Week this Saturday (October 5).
And as comments about the pair's chemistry continue to swirl, head judge Shirley has appeared to hint that she knows one Strictly 2024 couple are getting rather close - but didn't name any names.
"I think you’ll guess who’s got the chemistry going on. And that’s what makes their performance kind of special," Shirley told the Mirror. She added: "We won’t mention any names, but there’s always some chemistry going on, you know. It makes the world go around."
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.