Arts & Entertainment
By Sarah HepolaStaff Writer 
Staff Writer 
Mike Mooney is barreling down the highway to a store on Knox-Henderson, and maybe a bar after that, when he calls to discuss his new Audible podcast, Hold Fast.
A long-form journalist beloved for his storyteller’s eye and generous beard, Mooney is the kind of good-natured reporter known affectionately by last name only. He went to Grapevine High School, home of Post Malone, and later earned bylines in The Atlantic and GQ.
This story originates at his first port of call, Miami New Times, part of an alt-weekly empire run by Mike Lacey and the late Jim Larkin that, at its height, included the Village Voice, LA Weekly, and several once-robust city papers in places like Cleveland, Denver and Dallas, where the chain still owns the Dallas Observer (my former employer).
“I thought this project would be about working at an alt-weekly at the height of alt-weeklies,” Mooney tells me, a Shangri-la we both experienced firsthand. The pre-internet era of the ‘90s and early-aughts was high time for alternative papers (emphasis high), when fat ad dollars lined the cages for a generation of proto-Hunter S. Thompsons. Alt-weeklies bred a particular genus of renegade, who could draw on open-records requests and pry open bars to speak truth to power, or at the very least, cuss freely. And though such a tale would make a good book or documentary, Mooney had joined with two heavyweights from his Miami days, Sam Eifling and Trevor Aaronson, and the latter insisted on a podcast. Aaronson punched into that category with Alphabet Boys and American ISIS, a tragedy about a Pennsylvania kid who went to Syria to join ISIS. “One of my top five podcasts,” Mooney tells me, so he was sold.
Catch up on the day's news you need to know.
Or with: 
By signing up you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
Every saga needs an anti-hero, and this one has a doozy in the brawler Lacey, also known by last name only. The hard-drinking, hard-swinging newsman started Phoenix New Times in the ‘70s amid Vietnam protests and rode the counterculture energy into a peacetime era when free tabloid papers in the racks of lonely dive bars could still give dailies a run for their money. “You get paid for castrations,” Lacey says on the pod, speaking of his lost world. He’s an old-school Irish scrapper whose fingers are tattooed with the phrase he saw on the knuckles of his own violent father: “Hold Fast.”
Things don’t turn out well for Lacey, or his more copacetic business partner Larkin, as they get dragged through two federal trials on charges of money laundering and (buried the lede) sex trafficking, thanks to the adult ads that were once the lifeblood of alt-weekly revenue and which the pair spun into the notorious Backpage.com, prompting the Justice Department to label them the biggest pimps in the history of the world. Whether these two men are free-speech champions, or smug bastards hoisted on their own petards, will be for the listener to decide.
Their saga — which includes an FBI raid, a giant jug of LSD, a man in a diaper and the current vice president of the United States — makes for one hell of a story.
“Hold Fast” debuts April 11.
Sarah Hepola is a features staff writer. She has more than 25 years of journalism experience including with the Dallas Observer, Austin Chronicle, Salon.com and Texas Monthly. She is the author of the 2015 best-selling memoir "Blackout" and was the host/creator of the Texas Monthly podcast "America's Girls," about the Dallas Cowboys Cheerleaders. 
Join the conversation
Thank you for reading. We welcome your thoughts on this topic. Comments are moderated for adherence to our Community Guidelines. Please read the guidelines before participating.