Country singer-songwriter John Rich released his latest single, “Revelation,” on July 12, 2024. During its first week, the Christian-country single quickly climbed the charts. It took the top spot on the iTunes country songs chart and climbed all the way to the second spot in all genres.
Mr. Rich made a huge splash in country music with the 2004 release of “Horse of a Different Color,” his debut album as part of the duo Big & Rich. Just a year prior, the duo had signed with Warner Bros. Records and had multiple hits. Mr. Rich also experienced plenty of chart success as a writer for fellow Nashville recording artist Gretchen Wilson.
Mr. Rich wrote the contemplative song after watching the news during the 2008–09 recession. Upset at the plight tax-paying Americans faced with the government’s increased spending and mismanagement of funds, he channeled his emotions into something productive and turned to songwriting. The opening lyrics, “My daddy taught me in this country everyone’s the same. You work hard for your dollar and you never pass the blame,” set the stage for Mr. Rich’s commentary. He brings the listener into the light of reality with the song’s hook, “Here in the real world they’re shuttin' Detroit down.”
By 2014, Mr. Rich and the other half of the Big & Rich duo, William Kenneth Alphin (Big Kenny), amicably parted ways with Warner Bros. Records. They felt their music wasn’t being made a priority by the company, and they set out to do things on their own terms.
“[T]hey are emboldening the business process for artists and entrepreneurs. The next phase of our industry is that more artists are going to have more and more control over their career and we will pioneer that by leading and taking the risk and giving a sense of empowerment to creative artists.”
Within the first week of releasing “Revelation,” the song experienced significant chart success. It quickly took the No. 1 spot on the iTunes country songs chart. Among all genres, the song charted all the way to No. 2. In order to do that, it had to compete with the music of mainstream artists like Eminem, Post Malone, and Kendrick Lamar, and even fellow independent musician, Tom MacDonald.
But that’s the way he prefers it. Having artistic control over the creative process allows him to release singles like “Revelation”—singles that would have possibly been passed over by larger entertainment operations. “Striking” was the word Mr. Rich used to define what it was like to see his independently released single surpass other singles, which were backed by major labels.
In an interview with Breitbart News Daily, Mr. Rich said the acoustic-based country track reminds “listeners to search for the real meaning behind their worldly obsessions.” The song draws heavily from the Book of Revelation. Lyrically, it features scripture from verses as opposed to Mr. Rich’s own thoughts. He thought this connection between song and scripture was important.
The song does have a serious feel to it. Lyrics involve what Mr. Rich has described as “a spiritual battle.” The song’s melody has been described as “revivalist-inspired country.” The instrumentation takes on a heavier, fire-and-brimstone approach. However, he wrote it from a place of empowerment. And he hopes others feel that way after listening to it too.