ONE of the suitcases at the centre of a police investigation into the discovery of human remains is pictured — with a “bloodstain”.
The bulging red luggage, partly wrapped with cellophane, appeared in footage obtained by The Sun on Sunday.
Film also captured a man running away from the scene — stammering twice: “My boss is really bad.”
He is pursued by an onlooker on a bicycle who tries to confront him.
The fleeing man, in a black Adidas baseball cap, leisure gear and white trainers, appears to try to knock the phone from the witness’s hand.
The bearded man, with a rucksack on his back, can be heard speaking in Spanish as he jogs away into the night. 
The red suitcase is one of two dumped at Bristol’s Clifton Suspension Bridge and known to have contained the remains of two men.
An apparent bloodstain is visible on the side — while the clip shows two police officers kneeling over it as they prepare to open it.
The Sun on Sunday’s revelations come after armed police arrested a 34-year-old suspect yesterday over the grisly discovery.
He was held at Bristol’s Temple Meads station after police issued an appeal for help in tracing Colombian Yostin Andres Mosquera. 
They said yesterday that they were not looking for anyone else in connection with the incident.
The bodies found at the bridge were being linked to human remains found at a flat in Shepherd’s Bush, West London, on Friday.
Sources said two men — one a wheelchair user — lived at the flat, had planned to travel to Bristol and were known to the arrested man.
A shocked neighbour said: “This is all very distressing.
“We’re worried sick about what might have gone on under our noses.”
The suspect was being taken to London for questioning by the Met Police, which has taken over the investigation.
The suitcases were dumped at the bridge at midnight on Wednesday night. 
A woman, who helped two men struggling with the heavy cases, was overheard joking with them about there being bodies inside.
Expat visitor Giles Malone, who witnessed the exchange, thought nothing of it until told the bridge was closed the next day.
He said: “I immediately looked at my wife and said, ‘I wonder if that is a coincidence from last night?’.”
A second post-mortem examination was being carried out on the remains after the first proved inconclusive.
Meanwhile, a 36-year-old man arrested in London on Friday has been released without charge.
Wednesday, July 10
11.57pm - Avon and Somerset Police are informed of a man acting suspiciously - including allegedly dumping a suitcase - on Clifton Suspension Bridge in Bristol.
Police arrive within 10 minutes but he has already fled; a second suitcase is found nearby.
Thursday, July 11
Police release a CCTV image of man they wish to speak to; he is described as Black with a beard; police confirm suitcases contained human remains.
Friday, July 12
Police confirm the remains are of two unidentified adult men as Scotland Yard takes over the manhunt.
A crime scene is erected at a property in Shepherd's Bush, west London, before a 36-year-old man is arrested in Greenwich, east London, but released without charge.
Cops reveal more human remains found at Shepherd's Bush flat as suspect named
Police then named a 34-year-old man they were searching for as Colombian national Yostin Andres Mosquera.
Saturday, July 13
Met Police arrest a man, 34, in the early hours of the morning in Bristol.
The man was arrested at Temple Meads Station after armed cops swarmed and was being taken to London for questioning
©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO)
Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click this link: thesun.co.uk/editorial-complaints/