By DEIRDRE DURKAN-SIMONDS FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  23:02, 23 August 2024   |  Updated:  23:08, 23 August 2024   
 46
View  comments
Taylor Swift showed her support for two of her friends' latest projects on Friday.
While she has raised eyebrows for not promoting her longtime pal Blake Lively's new film, It Ends With Us, which features her 2020 track My Tears Ricochet in it, the pop star, 34, sweetly gave Zoe Kravitz a shoutout on her directorial debut, Blink Twice. 
'This film is incredible,' the 14-time Grammy winner said of the new psychological thriller film, which Kravitz co-wrote with E.T. Feigenbaum. 'Thrilling, twisted, wickedly funny, and visually stunning.'
She continued: 'The performances are phenomenal. Zoe Kravitz conceptualized this, wrote it, obsessed over every detail, and directed it with such a clear and bold vision. I’m so blown away by what she’s accomplished here and I can’t wait to watch everyone discover this film and this brilliant filmmaker.' 
The Fortnight hitmaker also shared a trigger warning for Blink Twice as she cautioned her followers that the film contained 'mature themes and depictions of violence, including sexual violence.'
Taylor Swift couldn't help but fawn over two of her friends' latest projects on Friday
'This may be upsetting or triggering to some viewers,' Swift warned under a picture of the Blink Twice movie poster, which displayed a picture of Channing Tatum on it. 
The billionaire, who wrapped up the European leg of her Eras Tour in London on Tuesday, also fawned over Sabrina Carpenter, who released her sixth album Short ‘n Sweet on Friday. 
'Short [check mark emoji]. Sweet [check mark emoji]. Has made an extraordinary album [check mark emoji]. Go support our girl!!' she urged her fans. 
In addition to sharing a link to purchase the former Disney Chanel star's latest record, Swift shared a photo of them together at a Kansas City Chiefs game. 
The image was taken as they cheered on Swift's boyfriend, Travis Kelce, and his team as they played against the New York Jets last October. 
Last week, the Cats actress praised Post Malone on his new album, F-1 Trillion, on her Instagram Story.
 'Was lucky enough to hear this amazing music on the set of the Fortnight video when [her brother] Austin [Swift] played it for me,' she captioned an image of herself on set with Malone, 29, while she was shooting the music video for the lead single off her record, The Tortured Poets Department.
She concluded: 'It's incredible how versatile his artistry is,' she added, before complimenting him on a more personal level. 'And [he's] just the most down to earth guy alive.'  
While she has raised eyebrows for not promoting her longtime pal Blake Lively's new film, It Ends With Us, which features her 2020 track My Tears Ricochet, the pop star, 34, sweetly gave Zoe Kravitz a shoutout on her directorial debut, Blink Twice
Additionally, the billionaire showed her support for S abrina Carpenter, who released her sixth album Short ‘n Sweet on Friday
Last month, Swift even promoted Ryan Reynolds and Hugh Jackman's film Deadpool & Wolverine. 
'Over the past few years I have watched one of my best friends on this planet pour every bit of his heart, soul, sweat, time, energy, jokes, pain, joy, rebellion, darkness, and magic into this film,' Swift wrote on her Instagram Story. 'He's created the best work of his life, and this film feels like an actual joy portal, a wild escape from reality, and an abs sandwich. I don't know how he did it.'
She, then, quipped: 'But that's just Hugh for you!' 
While referring to Lively and Reynolds, Swift joked they were just some 'other randoms crashed the photo' that she and Jackman were 'too polite to ask' to leave. 
Following her recent posts, many Swifties began to wonder why the superstar has not endorsed or publicly showed her support for Lively's movie, It Ends With Us.
Following her recent posts, many Swifties began to wonder why the superstar has not endorsed or publicly showed her support for Lively's movie, It Ends With Us
After sharing her posts supporting Carpenter and Kravitz, one fan asked on Reddit if 'anyone finds it strange that Taylor publicly supported Deadpool, Blink Twice and Short n Sweet but nothing for It Ends With Us?' 
'More likely Blake asked her not to. Blake’s strategy for this is to let it all blow over, and Taylor promoting the movie… would just add fuel to the fire,' one replied. 
Another speculated: 'I think she is too smart to support a promotion campaign on a movie that focuses on domestic violence topic when her bestie chose to advertise it by making sure enough attention is given to her alcoholic beverages brand.' 
A third pointed out that while promoting Kravitz's film, Swift added a trigger warning, so 'her PR team definitely knows about the drama and is very carefully stepping around it.'
Her silence is a bit unusual since she and Lively have fostered a close friendship for the past nine years. 
After sharing her posts supporting Carpenter and Kravitz, one fan asked on Reddit if 'anyone finds it strange that Taylor publicly supported Deadpool, Blink Twice and Short n Sweet but nothing for It Ends With Us?' (seen in 2024)
The Gossip Girl alum and her husband seven choose Swift to be their children's godmother. 
The Bad Blood hitmaker has even included the names of Lively and Reynolds' three eldest children in her track, Betty, off her 2020 album Folklore.
While accepting her third Album of the Year win back in 2021, she gave Lively's kids a shoutout during her speech.
'I want to thank James, Inez and Betty and their parents, who are the second and third people that I play every new song that I write,' she gushed.
Swift and Lively have been close friends since 2015; the pop star recently revealed that she is the godmother to her pal and Reynolds' children
Over the past two years, Lively has taken her girls to multiple Eras Tour shows to see Swift perform live. 
Back in 2022, Swift tapped Lively to direct her music video for her song, I Bet You Think About Me.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group