You might remember Romy Mars, the 17-year-old daughter of director Sofia Coppola and Phoenix frontman Thomas Mars, from that time she got grounded for trying to charter a helicopter on her dad’s credit card to visit a camp friend. It was up there with Francesca Scorsese getting her father to interpret modern-day slang in the Hilarious Nepo Baby Antics Hall of Fame; how many other teens could drag their ultra-famous parents for “never being home” without sounding whiny while also googling “onions” to make pasta sauce?
But anyway, with that little refresher taken care of, we can move on to the business of the day: After making her red-carpet debut in Cannes for the premiere of her grandfather Francis Ford Coppola’s new film, Megalopolis, last week, Mars has embraced something of a vibe shift. On Wednesday she made her pop-starlet debut with two new songs, “Stuck Up” and “From a Distance.”
I approached both tracks with some degree of skepticism, knowing that the children of famous people don’t always nail their side projects. (I’m too elegant to link to any examples here.) Just imagine my surprise, then, when I discovered that the songs were both…certified bops?
To confirm my enjoyment of Mars’s new music, I called upon the Vogue team for a few additional opinions, and, lo and behold, we were all pretty much aligned in considering both singles dark-horse candidates for the song of summer. Below, read a handful of my colleagues’ thoughts on Mars’s musical debut:
Personally, I have to agree with Liam that the scuba mask is an inspired choice; it’s giving me flashbacks to Mitski’s swim cap on the album cover for Be the Cowboy, which is a deeply powerful association. (Plus, Claud is listed as a producer on both songs, which makes sense, given the EP’s wistful dream-pop energy.) Ultimately, though, the proof of Mars’s musical staying power is in the lyrics “I wanna break out, and I wanna tell you what you did wrong / But we’ll just break up, and I’ll put your bullshit into a song.” Okay, baby Alanis! Drop the full album ASAP, please!
More from Vogue
See More Stories
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Vogue may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
CN Fashion & Beauty