Dolly Parton performs during halftime of a Thanksgiving NFL game between the Dallas Cowboys and the Washington Commanders on November 23, 2023. The country singer recently addressed Beyoncé's cover of her hit song, "Jolene."Getty Images
Country music legend Dolly Parton has given her stamp of approval to Beyoncé, who recorded her own version of Parton’s signature hit “Jolene” for her new album “Cowboy Carter.”
“Wow, I just heard Jolene. Beyoncé is giving that girl some trouble and she deserves it,” Parton wrote on social media Friday afternoon. Parton ended the message with “Love, Dolly P.”
In anticipation of the album drop, Parton reminded people on social media to listen to her version of “Jolene” before “Cowboy Carter” was released Friday, March 29.
Beyoncé's “Jolene” is a bit different from Parton’s song that was originally released in 1973. In Parton’s original song, she celebrates the virtues and qualities of Jolene, the woman her husband is infatuated with.
While Parton is begging Jolene to not take her man, despite acknowledging her beauty and attraction, Beyoncé is telling her to back off.
In her cover, Beyoncé switched up the country classic’s main chorus by saying, “I’m warning you, don’t come for my man,” and “Don’t take the chance because you think you can.”
Parton’s original lyrics were, “I’m begging of you, please don’t take my man,” and “Please don’t take him just because you can.”
There are also several more instances in which Beyoncé put her own spin on the record, such as saying it “takes more than beauty and seductive stares to come between a family and a happy man.”
Beyoncé also calls out Jolene for being desperate, playing games and advises her to “shoot your shot with someone else” while backing the strong relationship she and her husband have.
You can read the full lyrics to Beyoncé’s “Jolene” here.
Despite previous speculation that Parton was potentially threatened by Beyoncé taking on her classic track, the country legend has expressed her admiration of the singer.
“I think she’s recorded ‘Jolene’ and I think it’s probably gonna be on her country album, which I’m very excited about that,” Billboard previously reported, citing Knox News. “I love her ... She’s a beautiful girl and a great singer.”
Parton even posted to social media not long after “Cowboy Carter’s” lead single “Texas Hold ‘Em” hit No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100.
“I’m a big fan of Beyoncé and very excited that she’s done a country album,” Parton wrote in an Instagram post from Feb. 22. “Can’t wait to hear the full album.”
“Cowboy Carter” is Beyonce’s eighth studio album and follows her 2022 effort, “Renaissance.”
Beyoncé’s latest work is the second installation of a three-part album series in which the singer is said to be re-claiming music that was made popular by Black artists.
Beyonce goes country on her new album "Cowboy Carter," featuring "Texas Hold 'Em," a rewritten cover of Dolly Parton's "Jolene," and collaborations with Willie Nelson, Miley Cyrus and Post Malone.Parkwood | Columbia
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices