Lucy Notarantonio is Newsweek's Senior Lifestyle and Trends Reporter, based in Birmingham, UK. Her focus is trending stories and human interest features ranging from health, pets and travel. Lucy joined Newsweek in August 2022 and previously worked at Mercury Press and Media and other UK national newspapers, the Australian Women Magazines and The New York Post. My focus is human-interest stories ranging from relationships to health, fitness, travel, and home. I am always on the lookout for relationships that go against the "norm" such as age-gap ones along with incredible weight loss stories aimed to inspire and motivate others. Languages: English She is a Derby University graduate You can get in touch with l.notarantonio@newsweek.com.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
Two shelter dogs recently received VIP treatment as they waltzed down the red carpet for The Garfield Movie premiere in Los Angeles.
The glitzy outing on May 19, aimed to help with their adoption, as the staff at Vanderpump Dogs rescue center, co-founded by Lisa Vanderpump of Real Housewives of Beverly Hills, want nothing more than to see them find a loving home.
Read more: Compare the Best Credit Cards for Pet Owners
Cody is estimated to be around 7 years old and has been with the rescue center located in West Hollywood Park, on and off since 2020. Despite being adopted for three years, Cody, with a crooked snout, was returned to the shelter in late 2023 due to his family's financial struggles.
Wilfred, a 15-year-old dog with pointed ears, has had a tougher journey. Rescued from a high-kill shelter two months ago after his owner passed away, he required significant dental surgery and is now looking for someone to love again.
These reasons for surrendering pets are common. According to researchers from the National Council on Pet Population Study and Policy who analyzed data from 12 selected animal shelters in the United States, and findings published by the American Animal Hospital Association, the top reasons for surrendering pets include moving, having too many animals in the household, the cost of pet maintenance, the owner having personal problems, an illness or death. Other reasons include inadequate facilities, no homes available for litter mates, having no time for the pet and biting.
In a popular post shared by @vanderpumpdogs, Cody and Wilfried can be seen posing with American actress Cecily Strong, who voices the villain Marge Malone in the movie. The canines can be seen lapping up the love during the red carpet event.
Newsweek discussed the event with Dr. Stacey Bone, a veterinarian and senior brand manager at Hill's Pet Nutrition. He emphasized the value of adopting senior pets.
 "Puppies and kittens are cute, but they also need a ton of extra attention and training. Senior pets have so much love left to give, and their laid-back personalities make them perfect for lots of different homes," he told Newsweek. "Adopting a senior pet is a great way to give these well-deserving, and often overlooked, pets another chance to live a life of vitality."
The outing also included a special offer from Hill's Pet Nutrition: anyone adopting Cody or Wilfred will receive a year's worth of free Hill's Science Diet Senior Vitality dog food. This initiative aims to reduce the number of senior pets languishing in shelters.
The Hollywood event was a heartwarming success, giving Cody and Wilfred a chance to show their true personalities. Such events are crucial for promoting senior pet adoption, providing these animals with the exposure they need to find forever homes. "
"Celebrating the aging of pets helps them live long, full lives," Dr. Bone said. "When pet parents embrace this, they help their pets experience vitality and happiness in their later years."
Dr. Bone also shared advice on how to look after a senior pet and ensure they are healthy and comfortable. "One of the best ways to care for your senior pet is to set regular appointments with your veterinarian, ideally two times per year. It is important to proactively bring up any issues or concerns and avoid waiting if your pet is presenting any issues. Working together, you can monitor for the signs of aging and create a plan to keep your pet in the best shape possible."
"Be proactive about what you feed your pets. Our pets go through multiple stages of life, and we should be evaluating nutrition regularly and often. Senior pets are no different, so it is important to switch to a food formulated specifically for seniors. While different pets begin showing age-related signs at different times, veterinarians generally identify pets as seniors around age 7."
"Like humans, pets' metabolism slows as they age, so the amount of food they eat may need to be adjusted to avoid weight gain."
Update 06/10/23 04:20 a.m. ET: Additional photos of the dogs have been added to the article.
Do you have funny and adorable videos or pictures of your pet you want to share? Send them to life@newsweek.com with some details about your best friend and they could appear in our Pet of the Week lineup.
Lucy Notarantonio is Newsweek's Senior Lifestyle and Trends Reporter, based in Birmingham, UK. Her focus is trending stories and human interest features ranging from health, pets and travel. Lucy joined Newsweek in August 2022 and previously worked at Mercury Press and Media and other UK national newspapers, the Australian Women Magazines and The New York Post. My focus is human-interest stories ranging from relationships to health, fitness, travel, and home. I am always on the lookout for relationships that go against the "norm" such as age-gap ones along with incredible weight loss stories aimed to inspire and motivate others. Languages: English She is a Derby University graduate You can get in touch with l.notarantonio@newsweek.com.
Lucy Notarantonio is Newsweek's Senior Lifestyle and Trends Reporter, based in Birmingham, UK. Her focus is trending stories and human interest features ranging from health, pets and travel. Lucy joined Newsweek in August 2022 and previously worked at Mercury Press and Media and other UK national newspapers, the Australian Women Magazines and The New York Post. My focus is human-interest stories ranging from relationships to health, fitness, travel, and home. I am always on the lookout for relationships that go against the "norm" such as age-gap ones along with incredible weight loss stories aimed to inspire and motivate others. Languages: English She is a Derby University graduate You can get in touch with l.notarantonio@newsweek.com.
Lucy Notarantonio is Newsweek's Senior Lifestyle and Trends Reporter, based in Birmingham, UK. Her focus is trending stories and human                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC