Home    Forums    Music    Grammys 2025 Predictions (Part 5)
Biggest first-day streams on Spotify for albums by female artists in 2024:
1. THE TORTURED POETS DEPARTMENT (313M)2. COWBOY CARTER (76M)3. HIT ME HARD AND SOFT (72M)4. eternal sunshine (58M) pic.twitter.com/zXQIhpw8hF
— Pop Crave (@PopCrave) May 18, 2024
Migs
Billie doing this with 10 tracks is crazy.
These numbers are huge. Pretty much 7M for song. Incredible. You go, girl.
when you saw the dead little bird you started crying, but you know the killer doesn’t understand • how did I go from growing up to breaking down? • old habits die screaming • girl, how do you feel being a girl? • things I once enjoyed just keep me employed now • meet me behind the mall
I was NOT expecting those numbers, especially after the HTE tank. I don’t know how it’ll hold up long term but wow she really might be getting her second AOTY
if billie serves stability within the next week she’s definitely winning aoty, predicting her for bpva too (poor ari)
if billie serves stability within the next week she’s definitely winning aoty, predicting her for bpva too (poor ari) 
73 million streams opening
92 on Metacritic, 88 on Album of the Year
Amazing response from general people
If there’s stability, she’s taking it easily
my predictions for Grammy
Album of the Year: HIT ME HARD AND SOFT – Billie Eilish
Record of the Year: TEXAS HOLD ‘EM – Beyonce
Song of the Year: Fortnight – Taylor Swift ft. Post Malone
Best Pop Vocal Album: eternal sunshine – Ariana Grande
Best Pop Duo/Group Performance: Fortnight – Taylor Swift ft. Post Malone
Best Solo Pop Performance: I can do with a broken heart – Taylor Swift
my predictions for Grammy
<strong class=”d4pbbc-bold”>Album of the Year: HIT ME HARD AND SOFT – Billie Eilish
<strong class=”d4pbbc-bold”>Record of the Year: TEXAS HOLD ‘EM – Beyonce
<strong class=”d4pbbc-bold”>Song of the Year: Fortnight – Taylor Swift ft. Post Malone
<strong class=”d4pbbc-bold”>Best Pop Vocal Album: eternal sunshine – Ariana Grande
<strong class=”d4pbbc-bold”>Best Pop Duo/Group Performance: Fortnight – Taylor Swift ft. Post Malone
Best Solo Pop Performance: I can do with a broken heart – Taylor Swift
I agree everything expect ROTY, Pop Solo, and Pop Vocal Album.
ROTY – Lunch
Pop solo – We Can’t Be Friends
Pop Vocal Album – HIT ME HARD AND SOFT
Migs
ROTY focuses on the production, sound, and overall song with mixers and engineers while SOTY is more on songwriting with melody and lyricism.
Migs
Dream on, delusional Swifties!  Taylor Shit is NOT winning Song of the Year.  We go through this every fucking year.
 As for this, completely valid point, but how much does it matter when this is kinda true for all the contenders? Fortnight is already doing less streams than what WCBF was doing on the same day, and if it spends more weeks in the top 10 than it, it will be purely cuz of radio. And Radical Optimism has 0 top 10 hits. I would also not necessarily expect Billie’s songs to spend that many weeks in the top 10 either. Her previous album’s singles spent a combined 2 weeks in it, and her last two big hits (“What Was I Made For?” and “Happier Than Ever”) both missed the top 10 entirely. Point is, context will be important this year. The big pop stars seem to be fighting way too many big hits in general. If we go by the weeks thing, Benson Boone would be winning PVA. We’ll see how things shape up by the end of the year. 
Really ? I think Fortnight is doing more US streams than WCBF ( hot 100 )
I was NOT expecting those numbers, especially after the HTE tank. I don’t know how it’ll hold up long term but wow she really might be getting her second AOTY 
I’m still perplexed at her decline there…did she win too much too soon?
I know ONE photoshoot at her struggling to serve sex appeal didn’t garner that much backlash…
That said, she’s back where she once was and she does have a few single worthy tracks:
Lunch an answer to Bad Guy
Chihiro not as catchy but the visual would blow minds
Birds of a Feather probably the top 40 hit with longevity.
The Greatest an answer to Happier than Ever
L’Amour de ma vie for the clubs
Bittersuite a closer
“Blue”
Billie needs her evermore otherwise this could end up another GUTS
Sexy, confident. So intelligent.
She is heaven-sent. So soft, so strong.
asleep day 1
WW 1 bad guy
3 gay
4 bury
6 hell
7 xanny
9 party
US 1 bad
2 gay
3 hell
4 xanny
5 bury
7 crown
8 party
9 addiction
 Really ? I think Fortnight is doing more US streams than WCBF ( hot 100 ) 
4th weeks on US Spotify, broken heart vs. some recent #1 hits with big starts:
broken heart 11.8 mil (with fortnight being higher)
we can’t be friends 11.3 mil
vampire 9.3 mil
texas hold em 9.2 mil
yes and 5.2 mil
hiss 2.8 mil
The topic ‘Grammys 2025 Predictions (Part 5)’ is closed to new replies.
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…

				1 hour ago			

				56 mins ago			

				1 hour ago			

				2 hours ago			

				2 hours ago			

				2 hours ago			

				4 hours ago			

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media