By EVE BUCKLAND and SONIA HORON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  16:11, 29 March 2024   |  Updated:  16:27, 29 March 2024   
 14
View  comments
Miley Cyrus paid an emotional tribute to Beyonce as their duet on the superstar's album Cowboy Carter was released. 
The 32-time Grammy winner, 42, recruited Miley, 31, for track 16, titled 'II MOST WANTED', which features romantic lyrics about long-term commitment in a relationship.
'Know we're jumpin' the gun, but we're both still young/ One day, we won't be/ Didn't know what I want 'til I saw your face/ Say goodbye to the old me,' they start the track off.
'I'll be your shotgun rider 'til the day I die/ Smoke out the window flyin' down the 405/ I'll be your backseat baby, drivin' you crazy/ Anytime you like,' they sing in the chorus. 
Miley took to social media to show her love for Beyonce and thank her for the collaboration - which has topped the US iTunes chart within 12 hours of its release.
Miley Cyrus paid an emotional tribute to Beyonce as their duet on the superstar's album Cowboy Carter was released - Miley pictured last month 
The 32-time Grammy winner, 42, recruited Miley, 31, for track 16, titled 'II MOST WANTED', which features romantic lyrics about long-term commitment in a relationship 
She wrote: 'I’ve loved Beyonce since long before I had the opportunity to meet & work with her.
'My admiration runs so much deeper now that I’ve created along side of her. Thank you Beyonce. You’re everything & more. Love you. To everyone who spent time making this song so special thank you from the bottom of my heart.
'Sincerely , Miley.'
Many of Beyonce's listeners loved the numerous collaborations on the record, including the one with Miley (born Destiny Hope Cyrus), with one joking 'Destiny Hope and Destiny Child on the same song is history,' in reference to Beyonce's former girl group Destiny's Child.
Elsewhere in the hit they sing, 'Came out of nowhere, didn't give no warnin'/ Pedal so heavy like the two most wanted/ And I don't know what you're doin' tonight,' before hitting the notes in the chorus.
Miley then starts off verse two singing: 'Making waves in the wind with my empty hand/ My other hand on you,' before Beyonce joins in, singing, 'Been a while since I haven't tried to pull away/ But it's time for something new.'
It's unclear if the sweet number was inspired by their own relationships.
Beyonce has been married to hip hop mogul Jay-Z, 54, since 2008. They share three kids together: daughter Blue Ivy, 12, and Twins Rumi and Sir, six. 
Miley took to social media to show her love for Beyonce and thank her for the collaboration
The pair are pictured performing together back in 2008
Beyonce and Miley Cyrus collaborated on a touching love song on the superstar's country album debut, Cowboy Carter, which was released on Friday
Meanwhile Miley has been romancing drummer Maxx Morando, 25, since 2021.
Following the release of the record fans of the singers flocked online to give praise. 
'II Most Wanted by Beyonce and Miley Cyrus will impact US Country Radio,' one Twitter page predicted.
One fan posted a meme of Anne Hathaway crying and clapping at an awards show with the caption: 'Me after listening to II Most Wanted by Beyonce and Miley Cyrus.'
Another fan posted a meme of Sponge Bob ascending into heaven, writing, 'The final part of II Most Wanted, OMG obsessed with Miley Cyrus and Beyonce voices together.' 
'Beyonce and f*****g Miley Cyrus this is the song. This is the song!' 
Someone else added, 'I'm on the Beyonce & Miley Cyrus collab I had to restart it.' 
'Know we're jumpin' the gun, but we're both still young/ One day, we won't be/ Didn't know what I want 'til I saw your face/ Say goodbye to the old me,' they start the track off
'I'll be your shotgun rider 'til the day I die/ Smoke out the window flyin' down the 405/ I'll be your backseat baby, drivin' you crazy/ Anytime you like,' they sing in the chorus
[Verse 1]
Know we're jumpin' the gun, but we're both still young
One day, we won't be
Didn't know what I want 'til I saw your face
Said goodbye to the old me
[Pre-Chorus]
Came out of nowhere, didn't give no warnin'
Pedal so heavy like the two most wanted
And I don't know what you're doin' tonight
But I
[Chorus]
I'll be your shotgun rider 'til the day I die
Smoke out the window flyin' down the 405
I'll be your backseat baby, drivin' you crazy
Anytime you like
Woah, I'll be your shotgun rider 'til the day I
'Til the day I die
[Verse 2]
Making waves in the wind with my empty hand
My other hand on you
Been a while since I haven't tried to pull away
But it's time for something new
[Pre-Chorus]
Came out of nowhere, didn't give no warnin'
Pedal so heavy like the two most wanted
And I don't know what you're doin' tonight
But I
[Chorus]
I'll be your shotgun rider 'til the day I die
Smoke out the window flyin' down the 405
Yeah, I'll be your backseat baby, drivin' you crazy
Anytime you like
Woah, I'll be your shotgun rider 'til the day I
'Til the day I die
[Post-Chorus]
('Til the day I, 'til the day I, 'til the day I die)
'Til the day I die
('Til the day I, 'til the day I, 'til the day I die)
[Bridge]
I know we're jumpin' the gun and we're both still young
But one day, we won't be
I'd go wherever you take me, seems kind of crazy
Ooh, oh
[Chorus]
I'll be your shotgun rider 'til the day I die
We're gettin' high 'til we don't realize time is passin' by
Yeah, I'll be your backseat baby, I'm drivin' you crazy
Anytime you like, oh, woah
I'll be your shotgun rider 'til the day I
'Til the day I die
[Post-Chorus]
('Til the day I, 'til the day I, 'til the day I die)
'Til the day I die
('Til the day I, 'til the day I, 'til the day I die)
Another meme showed Woody Harrelson wiping his tears with dollar bills, with the caption reading, 'Beyonce and Miley Cyrus after they recorded II Most Wanted.'
Fans couldn't get enough of the song, with one joking, 'Miley Cyrus put that Hannah Montana wig back on for II Most Wanted!'
There was also a meme of a hand turning the radio volume all the way up.
Fans got creative with their praise, with one post featuring a photo of Beyonce, Miley and her godmother, country legend Dolly Parton, 78, who is also featured on the album, with the caption: 'Sorry, but that Jolene girl doesn't stand a chance.'
On track 10, titled Jolene, Beyonce does a modern take on Dolly's classic 1973 hit (also titled Jolene).
Beyonce made major tweaks to the lyrics of the song. The singer's country-themed album has a total of 27 tracks that not only contains the Jolene cover with new lyrics, but also an interlude from Parton herself - where she referenced to Beyonce's 'Becky.'
A big alteration that was made occurred in the chorus, with the original seeing Dolly pleading with another woman. However, Beyonce changed the lyrics to give a stern warning to the woman to not 'come for my man.'
'Jolene, Jolene, Jolene, Jolene/I'm warning you, don't come for my man/Jolene, Jolene, Jolene, Jolene/Don't take the chance because you think you can,' the Crazy In Love performer sings.
While Parton's lyrics had been: 'Jolene, Jolene, Jolene, Jolene/I'm begging of you please don't take my man/Jolene, Jolene, Jolene, Jolene/Please don't take him just because you can.'
Many of Beyonce's listeners loved the numerous collaborations on the record, including the one with Miley (born Destiny Hope Cyrus), with one joking 'Destiny Hope and Destiny Child on the same song is history,' in reference to Beyonce's former girl group Destiny's Child
'II Most Wanted' by Beyonce and Miley Cyrus will impact US Country Radio,' another Twitter page predicted
One fan posted a meme of Anne Hathaway crying and clapping at an awards show with the caption: 'Me after listening to II Most Wanted by Beyonce and Miley Cyrus'
Another fan posted a meme of Sponge Bob ascending into heaven, writing, 'The final part of II Most Wanted, OMG obsessed with Miley Cyrus and Beyonce voices together'
'Beyonce and f*****g Miley Cyrus this is the song. This is the song!'
Someone else added, 'I'm on the Beyonce & Miley Cyrus collab I had to restart it'
Another meme showed Woody Harrelson wiping his tears with dollar bills with the caption reading, 'Beyonce and Miley Cyrus after they recorded II Most Wanted'
Fans got creative with their praise, with one post featuring a photo of Beyonce, Miley and her godmother, country legend Dolly Parton, who is also featured on the album, with the caption: 'Sorry, but that Jolene girl doesn't stand a chance'
Fans couldn't get enough of the song
There was also a meme of a fan turning the volume all the way up
One fan joked, 'Miley Cyrus put that Hannah Montana wig back on for II Most Wanted!'
The superstar entered her country era with her eighth record, which features a 27-long tracklist and is 80 minutes long, with fans calling it the 'album of the year' minutes after its release.
The record — which has a brief appearance from her youngest daughter, Rumi, six — also features spoken word interludes by country legend Willie Nelson, 90.
Post Malone, 28, is another big name appearing on the album - he also lends his voice to the track Levii's Jeans.
Beyonce has also collaborated with Linda Martell, the first Black female solo artist to perform at the Grand Ole Opry, as well as Black country musicians Willie Jones, Rhiannon Giddens, and Tanner Adell.
The songstress also covered the classic Beatles track Blackbird. An interpolation of the Beach Boys song Good Vibrations also appears in her track Ya Ya.
The star kept alive her recent tradition of featuring her children on her albums with the new release, which features a brief appearance from her youngest daughter, Rumi.
The six-year-old — half of Beyoncé's fraternal twins with her son Sir — pops up early on the album at the very beginning of track four, Protector.
She follows in the footsteps of her older sister Blue Ivy who won a Grammy in 2021 for co-writing her mother's song Brown Skin Girl, which was featured on her 2019 soundtrack album, The Lion King: The Gift.
It comes after Beyonce revealed the tracklist for her debut country album. 'Cowboy Carter and the Rodeo Chitlin' Circuit,' reads the vintage country style graphic she shared Wednesday on Instagram. 'Brought to you by Kntry Radio Texas.'
In addition to the previously released singles 'Texas Hold 'Em' and '16 Carriages', the rest of the list includes such songs as 'Ameriican Requiem', 'Blackbiird', 'Protector' and 'My Rose'.
'Bodyguard', 'Dolly P', 'Daughter', 'Spaghetti', 'Alliigator Tears', 'Smoke Hour II', 'Just for Fun', 'II Most Wanted', 'Levii's Jeans', 'Flamenco', 'The Linda Martell Show', 'Ya Ya', 'Oh Louisiana', 'Desert Eagle', 'Riiverdance', 'II Hands II Heaven', 'Tyrant', 'Sweet Honey Buckin' and 'Amen' round out the list.
Beyoncé previously debuted the album cover earlier this month as she announced the Cowboy Carter title and March 29 release date.
1. Ameriican Requiem
2. Blackbiird (feat. Tanner Ardell)
3. 16 Carriages
4. Protector
5. My Rose
6. Smoke Hour (Willie Nelson intro)
7. Texas Hold 'Em
8. Bodyguard
9. Dolly P." (Dolly Patron intro)
10. Jolene
11. Daughter
12. Spaghetti (feat. Shaboozey)
13. Alligator Tears
14. Smoke Hour II
15. Just For Fun 
16. II Most Wanted (feat. Miley Cyrus)
17. Levii's jeans (feat. Post Malone)
18. Flamenco 
19. The Linda Martell Show (intro by Linda Martell)
20. YaYa (feat. Willie Jones)
21. Oh Louisiana
22. Desert Eagle
23. Riverdance
24. II Hands II Heaven
25. Tyrant (feat. Dolly Parton)
26. Sweet Honey Buckin'
27. Amen

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group