Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Watch all of the hard-hitting football action and the Apple Music Halftime Show featuring Usher in person at Allegiant Stadium in Las Vegas and save up to $500 off on last-chance seats.

							By 

	Rudie Obias


	If you purchase an independently reviewed product or service through a link on our website, The Hollywood Reporter may receive an affiliate commission.

	It’s all happening today: NFC Champions San Fransisco 49ers will battle the AFC Champions Kansas City Chiefs for the coveted Vince Lombardi Trophy at Super Bowl LVIII.

	The 2024 Super Bowl takes place today at Allegiant Stadium in Las Vegas with kickoff at 3:30 p.m. PT/6:30 p.m. ET.



	Although the Super Bowl is livestreaming on Paramount+, there are still tickets available for you to attend the event in person — especially if you’re a fan of the 49ers, the Chiefs or Taylor Swift (who is expected to attend the game to support boyfriend and Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce). Prices for Super Bowl tickets have dropped by $1,000 over the last few weeks, and there are still hundreds of options available online starting at $5,800, including at SeatGeek, where you can save up to $500 off with code SBVEGAS500— one of the best deals we’ve found on Super Bowl tickets. Other third-party ticketing platforms offering Super Bowl tickets include VividSeats, StubHub, Ticket Liquidator and Ticket Network.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	Lifestyle
			



	
		
					Beyoncé's Cowboy Carter Tour Continues Its L.A. Run -- Here's Where to Get Last-Minute Tickets Under $100		
			














	
	TV
			



	
		
					Brett Favre Scandal Explored in 'Untold: The Fall of Favre' Doc Trailer		
			








	Need to find a flight to the Super Bowl? United Airlines added special direct flights (including Taylor Swift-themed options) from Kansas City to Las Vegas, with nonstop round-trip flights starting at $831.

	The Chiefs are back in the Super Bowl after taking down the Philadelphia Eagles last year, marking their fourth appearance (and two wins) at the big game since 2019.

	Tickets to the Super Bowl 58 don’t just get you in to watch a football game between two NFL powerhouses — you’ll also get to see Usher perform at the Apple Music Super Bowl Halftime Show. The national anthem will be sung by country music star Reba McEntire and signed in American Sign Language by SAG Award-winning CODA star Daniel Durant. Post Malone will sing “America the Beautiful” (signed by Anjel Piñero) and Golden Globes-winning The United States vs. Billie Holiday actress Andra Day will perform “Lift Every Voice and Sing” (signed by choreographer and actor Shaheem Sanchez). 

	Sanchez will also perform the ASL version of Usher’s halftime show.

	Want to watch the 2024 Super Bowl in person? Find options for tickets to the San Francisco 49ers vs. Kansas City Chiefs at Allegiant Stadium in Las Vegas below. Ticket prices vary, depending on where you’d like to sit in the stadium but we’ve spotted a number of decent seats still available.

	










	Keep reading to find out where to buy Super Bowl tickets online, along with deals and offers on promo codes to get discounted seats to the big game.
		One of the best deals on 2024 Super Bowl tickets can be found at SeatGeek; use code SBVEGAS500 to save $500 off on game day seats.	
 Vivid Seats has tickets in most sections at Allegiant Stadium with more available on the 49ers side of the field than the Chiefs’. However, the upper deck and standing room sections are unavailable.Like all of the sites below, Vivid Seats guarantees the authenticity of your tickets or your money back. You can also get the tickets delivered instantly over email or text so there’s no waiting or awkward in-person transfers. Buying tickets for a group? When you buy 10 tickets, Vivid Seats offers you credit to get your 11th ticket free.Bonus: use code THR2024 to save $20 off your purchase at VividSeats.com.	
		Tickets to the 49ers vs. Chiefs Super Bowl game are also available for sale at StubHub. Most sections are still available, though seats in the Wynn Field Club in the 49ers end zone appear to be sold out.	
 Ticket Network has the most Super Bowl LVIII tickets available currently, with options to search by level and price. The reseller also has a 100% money-back guarantee policy.Bonus: use promo code TNSB58 for 20 percent off Super Bowl tickets at TicketNetwork.com.	
 Ticket Liquidator also has options to search by level and price with many sections available for re-sale.As the name suggests, Ticket Liquidator specializes in discount tickets and cheap seats to major concerts and sporting events like Super Bowl 58.Bonus: use discount code 250SBTL for $250 off $2000 or more at TicketLiquidator.com.	
 GameTime makes it easy to find tickets for the Super Bowl, with listings for the best deal available and cheapest price overall available at the very top of searches. There are also photos of your view from various sections at Allegiant Stadium.	
 Ticketmaster is the official ticketing partner of the NFL, though tickets to the Super Bowl at Allegiant Stadium are quickly selling out and becoming unavailable due to demand. 	
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.