Blake Shelton is stepping away from his 20-year-plus label partnership with Warner Music Nashville.
In a statement on Tuesday (Sept. 3), Shelton expressed his gratitude for his longtime label home, as well as Giant Records, which served as the original home base for his hit debut single "Austin" in 2001.
"I moved to Nashville when I was 17 to sing country music and get a record deal," the star states. "Along with the support from Warner, my dreams came true, and then some. It's impossible to name everyone who has had a hand in all the success we enjoyed, but a huge and heartfelt thank you to the Giant Records, Warner Bros. Records and Warner Music Nashville staff and family."
Shelton originally signed to Giant Records, and in April 2001 — the same month that "Austin" began to rapidly climb country charts — the label shuttered. Shelton's deal transferred to Warner, where "Austin" enjoyed a five-week stay at the top of the charts, kicking off a massively successful country music career that has lasted into the present day.
In 2017, Shelton renewed his Warner partnership, stating at the time that the label had been his top choice since his very first trip to Nashville in 1994.
Shelton has released 12 full studio albums to date; the most recent of those was Body Language in 2021. That project included the hit single "Happy Anywhere," one of two No. 1 duets with the singer's wife Gwen Stefani.
The singer did not share what his next career move is, or if he intends to sign a new record deal with another major label.
Shelton most recently appeared on "Pour Me a Drink," one of the many megawatt duets on Post Malone's country album F-1 Trillion. This summer, he also announced a Las Vegas residency which is due to kick off in February 2025.
Carena Liptak is an Associate Editor and staff writer at Taste of Country. She specializes in breaking country music news, interviews and lists. In particular, she’s got a soft spot for sad songs — check out her roundup of the 50 Saddest Country Songs of All Time!