Beauty buffs with brighter, glowing and more even-toned skin aren't crediting expensive chemical peels and laser treatments for their newly transformed skin. Instead they're giving all their thanks to a serum from Medik8 that gets to work in just seven days at fading dark spots and discoloration.
Medik8's Oxy-R Peptides High-Strength Oxyresveratrol Brightening Peptide Serum has been clinically proven to deliver action on all skin tones for visibly brighter, more even skin with fewer dark spots and post-imperfection marks. Unlike others, Medik8's patented, click-activated stabilisation system ensures unmatched peptide potency for profound visible results - from the first drop until the very last.
While exceptionally powerful in brightening the look of the skin, oxyresveratrol (Oxy-R) is an incredibly unstable ingredient. This means it can easily lose its power when it comes into contact with light, heat and air. But, with yet another one-of-a-kind stability system, Medik8 has been able to yield the unmatched visible benefits of Oxy-R at the previously untapped strength of 1%.
READ MORE: 'I used to wear £82 Jo Malone perfume but now I use a £21 fragrance that smells the same'
READ MORE: 'I'm 59 - but people think I'm in my 40s thanks to my skincare routine'
Storing 1% Oxy-R within an innovative preservation serum in the bottle's lid to protect its potency, Oxy-R Peptides then uses click-activated packaging technology to ensure the formula remains constantly stable and powerful for maximum visible results.
Medik8 offers two 10ml bottles of the peptide serum for £65. While admittedly on the pricier side, shoppers who have tried the product swear that it's worth the money. That's because they've seen a 'huge difference' to their skin in a short period of time.
The Medik8 Oxy-R Peptides High-Strength Oxyresveratrol Brightening Peptide Serum has racked up an impressive overall star-rating of 4.6 out of five from over 240 reviews. One shopper said: "It works. I have really noticed a difference since I started using this serum. The darker patches are definitely reducing and my skin is brighter."
A second wrote: "I’m 57 and I've been a life long sun worshipper. I have a large brown sun spot on my cheek, been using this for two weeks and the difference is amazing, I cannot recommend this enough. Thank you Medik8."
Somebody else mentioned: "Just finished one of the bottles and can definitely see a difference in pigmentation. Also had three people comment this week on how good my skin looks so I’m very happy with the results."
Among the very few three-star reviews, one shopper hailed the Oxy-R Peptides High-Strength Oxyresveratrol Brightening Peptide Serum as 'just okay'. They said: "I’m coming to the end of my two bottles and I have to say I’m a little disappointed. I haven’t noticed a reduction in my post inflammatory hyperpigmentation/erythema even thought I’ve been using this every morning and night for three months.
"There may be some overall brightness bur there are other products that can do that for far cheaper. I do enjoy the watery texture and how it feels on the skin but I probably wouldn’t repurchase."
But another loved their latest skincare purchase from Medik8, adding: "Amazing results. I'm only two to three weeks in and I'm already seeing improvements - which if you know skincare, is rare. It usually takes months. I can't wait to see what happens when I'm done with the second bottle."
If you're a big fan of Medik8, you will also probably really enjoy products from Perricone MD. Its Vitamin C Ester Intensive Dark Spot Treatment is currently on sale for £24.40 down from £60 and the Vitamin C Ester CCC+ Ferulic Brightening Complex 20% is now £111.20 down from £139.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.