Taylor Swift has seemingly dropped quite a big hint that she was engaged to her ex-lover Joe Alwyn in the new Fortnight music video.
The American hitmaker, 34, released her 11th studio album, The Tortured Poets Department, on Friday (April 19). With a whopping 31 tracks after a shocking double album drop, fans have had a lot to decode and take in.
Following the release of the album, Taylor released the music video for the lead single - Fortnight, which features Post Malone. On Friday night the hitmaker unveiled the video, with there a slew of Easter Eggs, metaphors and clues woven into it, as per usual with Miss Swift.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Kim Kardashian brutally trolled by Swifties after sharp and obvious dig in new album
Sharing a short message on Instagram about the music video, Taylor explained how she wanted to show her fans the worlds she saw in her head "that served as the backdrop for making this music". She added: "Pretty much everything in it is a metaphor or a reference to one corner of the album or another. For me, this video turned out to be the perfect visual representation of this record and the stories I tell in it."
In the opening scene of the black and white music video, which was set in a very clinical location of an asylum, Taylor can seen handcuffed to a bed while wearing a white wedding dress complete with a garter. While handcuffed to the bed, which was at an angle in an upside-down room, Taylor can be seen getting administered a "forget him" pill.
The way in which Taylor dons a wedding dress and garter seemingly hints that she came close to marrying Joe, something that she alludes to in the lyrics of So Long, London when she sings: "You swore that you loved me, but where were the clues? I died on the altar waiting for the proof."
In 2022, it was reported that the couple had secretly got engaged. But mere months later, in April 2023, it was revealed that the pair had parted ways, with the couple's six-year-long romance coming to an abrupt end.
Taylor Swift fans looking at resale tickets for the upcoming Eras Tour in the UK can purchase them from a number of online retailers right now. Although sellers, including viagogo and Vivid Seats, are not "official" retailers, they do have a number of strict terms and conditions in place to keep ticket buyers and ticket sellers safe.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok , Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.