By 

	Brian Hiatt


	Country songs about dads watching their daughters getting married and — as Hank Hill once put it — “feeling emotions” constitute a mini-genre at this point, from Heartland’s “I Loved Her First” to Alan Jackson‘s “You’ll Always Be My Baby.” Country newcomer Post Malone became the latest contributor to that micro-canon this week, debuting “Yours,” a track from his new album F-1 Trillion, which drops Aug. 16, at his Bud Light-sponsored performance at Nashville’s Marathon Music Works Tuesday night.

	In his introduction, Malone acknowledged he may be getting ahead of himself: “I wrote this song about my daughter getting married,” he said. “I got a two-year-old, and we got a long time to go.” The ballad is, without question, the most sentimental (schmaltzy, some might say) of his entire career so far, with Malone spending the whole song addressing his daughter’s future spouse. 





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Walton Goggins Shuts Down Interview Over Aimee Lou Wood Questions		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Piper Rockelle Has a Lot to Say About That Netflix Documentary		
	








	After a steel-guitar intro, Malone sings, “It’s gonna break my heart when she gives hers to you… She might be your better half, but she’s my everything/ We’ll both love her forever/ but I loved her long before/One day I know I’ll give her away/ Buddy, that don’t mean she’s yours.”

	










	Elsewhere in the show, Malone dueted with Blake Shelton on their single “Pour Me a Drink,” joined Sierra Ferrell for a cover of Johnny Cash and June Carter’s “Jackson,” and played another track from his upcoming album, “Would You Hide My Gun,” with Hardy.  In addition to “Pour Me a Drink,” F-1 Trillion previously spawned the hit “I Had Some Help,” a duet with Morgan Wallen. Malone will tour behind the album starting Sept. 8.
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.