If Taylor Swift's announcement at this year's Grammy Awards wasn't enough to whet Swifties' musical appetite, her recent Tokyo tour had fans screaming in glee at the announcement of her new, soon-to-be-released album.
Titled 'The Tortured Poets' Department', the upcoming launch is the 11th studio album from the 34-year-old acclaimed singer and songwriter, and is set for release on April 19, 2024. One of the world's best selling musicians with 200 million records sold, the shrewd songstress is the highest-grossing female touring act and she's also the first billionaire with music as her main source of income, joining the ‘three-comma club’ at the end of last year. Not only that, but she is also ranked 34 of America’s richest self-made women.
While everyone is waiting with bated breath for more news of her forthcoming album, one Swiftie posted a video on TikTok, filmed from her Tokyo 'Eras' tour this week, showing the songstress on stage. The Tour, held at the Tokyo Dome in Japan, has been described as "a multi-continent extravaganza that could end up as the highest grossing tour of all time" and kicked off on Wednesday evening, running through until Saturday night.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
Read more: Taylor Swift suffers on-stage blunder as she nearly falls off chair in steamy routine
With more than 653k views, the video began with Swift saying: “I’ve got to announce this album that I’m so proud of, I’ve been keeping it a secret for a while.” She then told fans how she had conceived ‘The Tortured Poets Department’ shortly after ‘turning in’ her Midnights album, continuing developing it while embarking on the Eras Tour: “So you turn in an album months in advance so you can make vinyls, which are the best, and so I started working on it immediately after that and I’ve been working on it for about 2 years.”
“I kept working on it throughout the US tour, and when it was perfect, in my opinion, when it was good enough for you I finished it,” she said, with tears in her eyes.
“I’m so so excited, soon you’ll get to hear it, and soon we’ll get to experience that together. And I’m over the moon about the fact that you guys care about my music, it still blows my mind. I love doing this. I know I keep saying that. Everyone is like why do you make so many albums and I’m like, man because I love it!”
The album, which fans are convinced will tell all about her breakup with actor Joe Alwyn, who she dated for six years before their shock split in early 2023, consists of sixteen songs. Featuring collaborations with American rapper and singer, Post Malone, and English indie rock band, Florence and the Machine, the physical edition will also include a bonus, 17th track.
With Swiftie’s swift to comment on the video, one said: “She’s crying I’m crying,” while another questioned: “But how can Midnights ever be topped?” When does she sleep? She works so much.”
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.