DJ Tiësto plays his set during the Electric Daisy Carnival at the Las Vegas Motor Speedway on May 21, 2022, in Las Vegas. (Ellen Schmidt/Las Vegas Review-Journal/TNS)
DJ Tiësto has canceled his upcoming set during the Super Bowl after a “personal family emergency.”
The Dutch DJ announced the news on his social media accounts Thursday afternoon.
“Me and my team have been preparing something truly special for months, but a personal family emergency is forcing me to return home Sunday morning,” wrote the well-regarded music man.
“It was a tough decision to miss the game, but family always comes first,” he added. “Thank you to the @NFL for the collaboration and looking forward to working with them to deliver something incredible together in the future!”
No additional information about the nature of the emergency was made available.
Tiësto, 55, had been scheduled to perform for the crowd during breaks in the game.
Hours after he pulled out, Kaskade was announced as the replacement DJ.
Parts of the DJ set will be shown during the broadcast.
“As a kid who grew up in Chicago watching the Super Bowl every year with my family this chance to actually be part of it is absolutely mind blowing,” Kaskdade, 52, wrote on social media.
Usher is scheduled to perform during the halftime show with several so-far-unannounced guests. Before the game begins, Reba McEntire will sing the national anthem, Post Malone will sing “America the Beautiful” and Andra Day will sing “Lift Every Voice and Sing.”
Super Bowl LVIII will kick off at Allegiant Stadium in Las Vegas at 3:30 p.m. Sunday.
____
©2024 New York Daily News. Visit nydailynews.com. Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers:
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Have the latest local news delivered every afternoon so you don't miss out on updates.
Each day's obituaries, delivered to your inbox.
Receive occasional local offers from our website and its advertisers.
Get the latest headlines on local sports!
Get our expert short-term forecast, summary of the weather details and news of any severe weather.
We'll send breaking news and news alerts to you as they happen!
 Receive our newspaper electronically with the e-Edition email.
Best trending stories from the week.
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.