Pete Wick's second week on the dance floor was a huge improvement, but one fear still haunts him.
The Only Way Is Essex alum got off to a bumpy start after signing up to the 20th series of Strictly Come Dancing. Partnered up with pro dancer Jowita Przystal, the pair only scored 17 on their first dance: a paso doble to Breathe by The Prodigy.
However, judges were much more happy with the reality TV star's American Smooth routine to I Had Some Help by Post Malone, which landed him a much more respectable 22 points and managed to avoid elimination. As we enter the third week of the competition, let's hope Pete's biggest nightmare doesn't come true.
After announcing his debut on the show, the 36-year-old celeb, from Harlow, revealed he was 'absolutely terrified' but was 'genuinely looking forward to getting stuck in'. Motivated to win the Glitterball Trophy to make his late nan, Doreen, proud - Pete courageously told KISS FM: "I didn't get a chance to make her proud before she died. Trying new things is important to me, because hopefully, she's watching, and she will be proud."
When asked what his biggest fear about taking part on the show was, the star didn't hesitate to reply: "The thing people are most nervous about is falling flat on your face so it's probably that. There [are] a lot of stairs, it's not even the dancing, people run up the stairs to talk to Tess and Claudia and I will probably just slide back down."
Want the latest behind the scenes goss and show secrets sent straight to your inbox? Sign up to our Strictly Come Dancing Newsletter
But, watching him from the sidelines and cheering him on no matter what the judges think will be I'm A Celeb winner and Made In Chelsea star Sam Thompson, whose girlfriend Zara McDermott took part in last year's Strictly. The friends present the podcast Staying Relevant together after meeting on Celebs Go Dating back in 2018 where they became close friends.
Pete revealed Sam 'cried' when he found out his friend had signed up to Strictly, adding: "I am not even joking, he screamed and jumped up and down and cried and planned that every Saturday he will be at the show. He is making T-shirts, the guy really needs to get a life. He’s my number one fan in life, he is kind of like Martha from Baby Reindeer, that is our relationship."
Strictly Come Dancing airs every Saturday on BBC One.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok , Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.