We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
A Pritchett reunion.
Modern Family's Jesse Tyler Ferguson has shared a sweet reunion photo of him with on-screen daughter Aubrey Anderson-Emmons.
The sitcom stars, who played Mitchell Pritchett (Ferguson) and adopted daughter Lily (Anderson-Emmons) in the series, spent an evening at the theatre together in Los Angeles.
The two watched a dance production of Shakespeare's Romeo + Juliet by acclaimed British choreographer Matthew Bourne. Ferguson clearly enjoyed the performance, raving about the show in the photo's caption.
Related: Modern Family's Jesse Tyler Ferguson lands next TV role
"If you live in LA you really shouldn't miss this incredible modern ballet," he wrote. "@matthewbourne13's Romeo + Juliet is absolutely stunning."
The Instagram post included a photo of Ferguson and Anderson-Emmons posing together with the show programme and a still from the Romeo + Juliet production.
Fans of the show were clearly delighted to see the reunion, with one responding to the post: "I just love how the Modern Family cast is still in contact with each other."
Related: Modern Family's Jesse Tyler Ferguson reunites with on-screen daughter Aubrey Anderson-Emmons
It's not the first time the two co-stars have caught up recently, with Ferguson showing his support for Anderson-Emmons in a new role in November last year.
“Got to see my talented pretend daughter @aubreyandersonemmons in her high school production of THE BURN,” wrote Ferguson on Instagram at the time, alongside an accompanying photo of the pair. In the caption he added: "You make a pretend papa proud."
Last month, it was announced that Ferguson has landed a new TV role in the upcoming The Good Wife spin-off series Elsbeth.
Related: Modern Family cast reunite - and pay tribute to one missing member
The Modern Family star will portray TV producer Skip Mason on the show, who is part of a sinister storyline.
"In his mad pursuit of 'good TV', Skip makes some bad decisions that lead to resentment, blackmail, and murder," reads his character description via TVLine.
The show will air in the US in February, with Ferguson appearing alongside actress Carrie Preston, who is reprising her role of Elsbeth Tascioni from both The Good Wife and its original spin-off series The Good Fight.
Night News Editor, Digital Spy  Emily is an experienced entertainment writer and editor, reporting on all things TV, film, soaps and showbiz. An NCTJ-qualified journalist, with a First Class Honours degree in Journalism from the University of Sussex, Emily has previously worked at Hello magazine, BBC South News and GoodtoKnow. She joined Digital Spy as Acting Deputy News Editor in May 2023, and became Deputy News Editor the following year.
  A small and big-screen obsessive – with subscriptions to every TV and film service under the sun – Emily knows her movie stars from soap stars, and is always clued up on the latest reality show dumping, just-dropped trailer or off-screen spat. She's interviewed a number of celebrities over the years, with highlights including The Masked Singer host Joel Dommett and GMB's Kate Garraway (who "loved" her trousers).
  Emily counts Sharon Horgan and Julia Davis as her TV heroes, and is a loyal Wes Anderson fan. LinkedIn
Modern Family star was told he's "not funny"
Modern Family star on surprising secret about show
Modern Family fan-favourite joins popular series
Modern Family star's comedy axed after one season
Sarah Hyland reflects on past abusive relationship
Modern Family star unveils hair transformation
Modern Family joins Young Sheldon in channel swap
Modern Family star's TV comeback gets sad update
Modern Family star lands new lead TV role
Modern Family cast reprise roles in new reunion
Modern Family star would do revival "in a second"
Modern Family star's photo sparks reunion rumours
DIGITAL SPY, PART OF THE HEARST UK ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK
We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England. All Rights Reserved.