By SHARON MAI FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  01:49, 27 May 2024   |  Updated:  07:14, 27 May 2024   
 43
View  comments
Taylor Swift's The Tortured Poets Department notched the fifth consecutive week at the top of the charts.
This Sunday marked the fifth straight week that the 34-year-old superstar's 11th studio album has held the number one position at the top of the Billboard 200 albums chart.
TTPD is the first album to spend its first five weeks at the top of the charts since Morgan Wallen's One Thing at a Time held the spot for 12 consecutive weeks after the country artist's March 2023 release.
She previously released the critically acclaimed double album tracklist on April 19 and added several of its songs to her setlist for the European leg of The Eras Tour.
This comes as she wrapped up her two-day stint in Lisbon, Portugal, fan-taken footage showed her performing a medley from her new album including its title song live for the very first time. 
On Swift's heels in second place, Billie Eilish's new release Hit Me Hard and Soft follows closely behind with 339,000 equivalent album units — marking the 20-year-old singer's largest week in her career so far. 
Taylor Swift's The Tortured Poets Department notched the fifth consecutive week at the top of the charts
On Swift's heels in second place, Billie Eilish 's new release Hit Me Hard and Soft follows closely behind with 339,000 equivalent album units — marking the 20-year-old singer's largest week in her career so far
The Tortured Poets Department has earned 378,000 equivalent album units in the United States alone, according to a report by Luminate. 
She also scored the largest fifth-week for any album since Adele's 25 measured 1.193 million units after its January 2016 release. 
Album equivalent units are comprised of track equivalent albums (TEA) and streaming equivalent albums (SEA). An album equivalent unit equals one album sale, or 10 individual tracks sold from an album, or 3,750 ad-supported streams or 1,250 paid subscription streams. 
Of all her chart-topping albums, Swift continues to hold the spot for the longest amount of time a soloist has guarded the number one spot. 
With Sunday's report, Swift secured her 74th career week at the top of the Billboard 200, further extending her record for solo artists. 
The Tortured Poets Department is her sixth album to reach number one on the charts. 
She is currently tied with Jay-Z for the most number ones among solo artists.
It was also revealed that the first weekly gain report totaled a 45 percent increase in unit sales since she released six new digital album download variants as well as a new CD and stock replenishments of the previous deluxe editions. 
This Sunday marked the fifth straight week that the 34-year-old superstar's 11th studio album has held the number one position at the top of the Billboard 200 albums chart
Billie's new album Hit Me Hard and Soft dropped on May 17
The Tortured Poets Department has earned 378,000 equivalent album units in the United States alone. She previously released the critically acclaimed double album tracklist on April 19 and added several of its songs to her setlist for the European leg of The Eras Tour
It was also revealed that the first weekly gain report totaled a 45 percent increase in unit sales since she released six new digital album download variants as well as a new CD and stock replenishments of the previous deluxe editions
When the album debuted in April, TTPD landed a whopping 14 songs on the Billboard Hot 100 singles charts.
Her album was streamed over a billion times in the days following its initial release, hitting number one on the Billboard 200, and also saw her lead single Fortnight feat. Post Malone top the Hot 100 — her 12th number one.
The Fortnight singer's fifth week at the top of the charts comes amid reports that she booked a £3.3 million cottage in the Cotswolds, where she will be staying during the U.K. leg of her tour. 
It was also revealed that her NFL player boyfriend Travis Kelce will be 'joining her for a getaway.'
'Taylor has booked the cottage while she is over in the UK,' a source told The Sun.
'She wants a place to unwind away from the tour and the countryside is her happy place,' the insider revealed to the outlet.
Of all her chart-topping albums, Swift continues to hold the spot for the longest amount of time a soloist has guarded the number one spot. She is currently tied with Jay-Z for the most number ones among solo artists
The Fortnight singer's fifth week at the top of the charts comes amid reports that she booked a £3.3 million cottage in the Cotswolds , where she will be staying during the U.K. leg of her tour. It was also revealed that her NFL player boyfriend Travis Kelce will be 'joining her for a getaway'
The Bad Blood hitmaker will kick off her UK tour in Edinburgh on June 7, followed by Liverpool, Cardiff and a slew of live gigs in London until August. Her tour is also said to boost the economy by almost £1 billion with her 15 shows
'Taylor loves dressing up in sequins on stage but is most at home in muddy boots in the fresh air.' 
The Bad Blood hitmaker will kick off her UK tour in Edinburgh on June 7, followed by Liverpool, Cardiff and a slew of live gigs in London until August. 
Her tour is also said to boost the economy by almost £1 billion with her 15 shows although fans are struggling with Airbnb's prices on the rise during the dates.
The average cost per night in Edinburgh is roughly £769 per night, but the weekend before it's £237.88, making it a 223 percent increase throughout the weekend of her tour dates, according to The Mirror.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group