By EVE BUCKLAND FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  16:43, 9 February 2024   |  Updated:  19:31, 9 February 2024   
 17
View  comments
Kaskade will replace Tiesto as the in-game DJ for the Super Bowl on Sunday - after the star pulled just three days before the event, due to a family emergency.
The star, 53 - real name Ryan Gary Raddon - will step up to the decks for the blockbuster event.
He wrote on social media: 'As a kid who grew up in Chicago watching the @NFL Super Bowl every year with my family this chance to actually be part of it is absolutely mind blowing. 
'Las Vegas has been my second home for the past decade, as an architect of creating a landscape that includes House and Dance Music residencies as part of its destination. 
'To be able to be the first Electronic Musician to be part of the full game experience of the Super Bowl held in Las Vegas seems like coming home, and I’m beyond excited to represent my community.
Kaskade will replace Tiesto as the in-game DJ for the Super Bowl on Sunday - after the star pulled just three days before the event, due to a family emergency
Tiesto who was announced in January as the first ever in-game DJ for the Super Bowl in Las Vegas on February 11, shared a statement to social media on Thursday 
He wrote on social media: 'As a kid who grew up in Chicago watching the @NFL Super Bowl every year with my family this chance to actually be part of it is absolutely mind blowing
Tiesto who was announced in January as the first ever in-game DJ for the Super Bowl in Las Vegas on February 11, shared a statement to social media on Thursday.
He wrote: 'Me and my team have been preparing something truly special for months, but a personal family emergency is forcing me to return home Sunday morning. 
'It was a tough decision to miss the game, but family always comes first. 
'Thank you to the @NFLfor the collaboration and looking forward to working with them to deliver something incredible together in the future!'
It is not known who will replace him.
Tiesto was due to play while the players warm up on the field at Allegiant Stadium and during breaks in play in the game itself. 
'I'm excited to be a part of the Super Bowl LVIII!' the DJ said at the time. 'And it's even more incredible that it's in my favorite place - Las Vegas. 
'Thank you to the NFL for having me. I cannot wait to party with you all at the big game!' 
The DJ, 55, who was announced in January as the first ever in-game DJ for the Super Bowl in Las Vegas on February 11, shared a statement to social media on Thursday
The pregame DJ set is a slot the NFL initially began scheduling at Super Bowl LIV in Miami. 
This will be the fifth year of the DJ set during player warmups. Past years included sets from DJ Khaled in Miami, D-Nice in Tampa Bay, Zedd in Los Angeles and DJ Snake most recently in Phoenix. 
Usher is the big star of the Super Bowl LVIII halftime performance at Allegiant Stadium on Sunday when the San Francisco 49ers take on the Kansas City Chiefs.
Also at the Apple event were Reba McEntire, Post Malone and Andra Day.
McEntire will sing the national anthem while Malone will perform America The Beautiful and Day will sing Lift Every Voice And Sing as part of the pregame performances that will air on CBS.
Usher is the big star of the Super Bowl LVIII halftime performance at Allegiant Stadium on Sunday when the San Francisco 49ers take on the Kansas City Chiefs 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group