Dolly Parton played coy when she was asked about rumors that Beyonce was covering her classic song, "Jolene," as part of her new country album, Cowboy Carter.
As it turns out, she almost had to have known about it — because she appears elsewhere in the album, commenting on the changes Beyonce made to the original lyrics on a track titled "Dolly P."
Beyonce's new rendition of "Jolene" isn't a straight cover of Parton's classic song. Instead, she takes the basic storyline and gives it a modern update, altering the lyrics to suit her purpose.
Whereas Parton's 1973 hit pleaded with Jolene not to take her man "just because you can," Beyonce gives the fictional temptress a don't-mess-with-me-or-I'll-cut-you warning, singing, "Jolene, Jolene, Jolene, Jolene / I'm warnin' you, woman, find you your own man / Jolene, I know I’m a queen, Jolene / I’m still a Creole banjee b--ch from Louisianne (Don't try me)."
Parton previously told Knox News that she thought Beyonce had recorded "Jolene," but she claimed she was not sure.
"Well I think she has! I think she's recorded 'Jolene' and I think it's probably gonna be on her country album, which I'm very excited about that," she said.
However, Parton was definitely holding out a little bit. She would have had to approve the extensive lyric changes in advance, as the song's sole author, so she had obviously already done that before she hinted at the update.
In addition to that, Parton actually appears on the album on a track titled "Dolly P," giving a voiceover in which she addresses one of the lyrical changes that Beyonce made to "Jolene."
"Hey Miss Honeybee, it's Dolly P," Parton says on the track.
"You know that hussy with the good hair you sing about reminded me of someone I knew back when. Except, she has flaming locks of auburn hair, bless her heart," she adds with a chuckle.
"Just a hair of a different color, but it hurts just the same."
Beyonce's Cowboy Carter also features Willie Nelson in voiceovers on two tracks, as well as collaborations with Miley Cyrus, Post Malone and more. Black female country music pioneer Linda Martell also appears to provide voiceovers on some tracks.
Gallery Credit: Billy Dukes
Gallery Credit: Evan Paul