Classic court documents reveal a number of alternative names

It’s been revealed that Donkey Kong almost had a very different name.
According to court documents, the Nintendo legend was almost called “Kong Dong”.
Other potential names for Donkey Kong included Funny Kong, Kong the Kong, Jack Kong, Funky Kong, Bill Kong, Steel Kong, Giant Kong, Big Kong, Kong Down, Mr Kong, Custom Kong, Kong Chase, Kong Boy, Kong Man, Kong Fighter, Wild Kong, Rookie Kong and Kong Holiday.
Before settling on the name "Donkey Kong," Nintendo considered a ton of other ideas.
….not sure who suggested "Kong Dong" 😳 pic.twitter.com/cqSsi5ASM0
— Norman Caruso (@GamingHistorian) January 30, 2020
The court documents were originally filed in 1983 as part of a dispute between Nintendo and Universal, who were suing the gaming giant for allegedly copying King Kong to create Donkey Kong for the 1981 arcade game of the same name.
The documents were uploaded by gaming historian Norman Caruso in 2020, but have recently resurfaced thanks to a X post by Supper Mario Broth.
The courts eventually sided with Nintendo in the dispute, claiming that Donkey Kong was at best a parody of King Kong. “The farcical, childlike and nonsexual Donkey Kong creates a humorous impression by jumping up and down and strutting back and forth to tease Mario,” the judge explained.
“The Donkey Kong gorilla is thus quite different from King Kong, a ferocious gorilla in quest of a beautiful woman who goes on rampages, chases people, crushes them underfoot, or throws them to the ground, and fights with dinsosaurs, giant snakes, airplanes and helicopters, all culminating in his tragic and bloody death.”
This is fun. Judge Sweet declared Donkey Kong & King Kong were very different. One reason? Donkey Kong was "nonsexual." pic.twitter.com/pfZ0YGgwbQ
— Norman Caruso (@GamingHistorian) January 22, 2020
In recent years, the relationship between Universal and Nintendo has gotten a lot friendlier, with a dedicated Donkey Kong themed land set to launch in Universal Studios Japan this summer ahead of a Super Nintendo Land opening at Universal Epic Universe in Orlando next year.
In 2021, a leak revealed a number of alternative titles for the Nintendo Wii, including  Nintendo Blue Thunder, Nintendo Game Carnival and Nintendo Juke Box.
In other news, Militarie Gun have released a brand new song that doubles as Post Malone’s entrance music for 2K’s WWE 2K24.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.