Sound Check is the Globe’s weekly guide to concerts, tunes, and trends rooted in Boston and beyond. This column covers Sept. 13-19.
On the first day of Latinx Heritage Month, Boston will ring in the celebrations not in a small club, but in the open air of City Hall Plaza. To passersby, the location of the second annual Fiesta en la Plaza might seem obvious — it is one of the city’s largest gathering places, after all — but to event organizer Elsa Mosquera, it’s a source of pride.
“That makes me very proud to be able to have Latino arts, not only being represented in those communities, but really going into the main stages, into the mainstream of things,” she says. “So regular white people living in Boston can really experience it where they go every day to see their arts events, not at ‘Latino places.’”
Advertisement
Mosquera is the cofounder of Ágora Cultural Architects, the arts organization that produces and curates Fiesta En La Plaza, as well as countless other events that uplift Latinx culture throughout Boston. The company coordinated with the Mayor’s Office of Arts and Culture to launch Fiesta En La Plaza last year, aligning free cultural programming with Latinx Heritage Month, which runs Sept. 15 through Oct. 15. The festivities return to City Hall Plaza this year, bookended by two musical events: a live music showcase on Sunday afternoon, and salsa lessons and dancing on Sept. 27. In between, guests can look forward to documentary screenings and a discipline-spanning Afro-Latin artist panel.
While Mosquera aims to uplift all Latinx communities in Boston who are underrepresented in the area’s cultural programming, she tries to focus on specific regions of Latin America each year via Fiesta en la Plaza. Last year’s celebrations featured art from countries including Venezuela, Argentina, and Mexico, while this year primarily highlights the cultures of Colombia, Puerto Rico, and the Caribbean.
Advertisement
Sunday’s “Welcome Fiesta” captures this range with performances from three musicians with Boston ties via Berklee: Puerto Rican saxophonist Edmar Colón, Colombian vocalist and bandleader Manuela Sánchez Goubert, and Afro-Puerto Rican singer and cuatro player Fabiola Méndez (the cuatro is a guitarlike string instrument). Guests preview the showcase through new releases like Méndez’s folk record “Flora Campesina,” and Sánchez’s jazz release “RAÍCES.”
As the finale, Cuban band Clave & Blues will power the Sept. 27 salsa night, which welcomes guests to learn or practice their moves at City Hall Plaza’s Civic Pavilion. Cuban dance group El Bonche in Boston will guide the crowd, inviting residents — Latinx or not — to step and twirl as one.
“We all live in the city together, we share everything,” Mosquera says, including arts and culture.
GIG GUIDE
MGM Music Hall at Fenway welcomes a string of artists leading their respective genres this week: bedroom-pop breakout star beabadoobee on Friday, R&B maven Kehlani on Tuesday, and art-rock iconoclast PJ Harvey on Wednesday. German producer Zedd, known for his work with pop acts like Lady Gaga and Ariana Grande, kicks off a two-night stint on Lansdowne Street on Thursday.
Advertisement
On Friday, New Jersey emo duo The Front Bottoms complete their two-night stay at the House of Blues, and warm up the stage for Atlanta alt-rock outfit Manchester Orchestra, who honor the 10th anniversary of their record “Cope” on Saturday. Chicago emcee Common and Bronx-born rapper-producer Pete Rock tout their collaborative new record “The Auditorium Vol. 1″ at the club on Wednesday.
The National and The War on Drugs team up for their coheadlining indie rock “Zen Diagram” tour at the Xfinity Center on Saturday, which fans can prep for with The War On Drugs’ new live album “Live Drugs Again.” The following night, Latin hip-hop giant Pitbull pumps the amphitheater with party tunes alongside opening emcee T-Pain.
It’s an all-caps week at Roadrunner, where hip-hop nonconformist JPEGMAFIA reveals cuts from his intensely-titled new record “I LAY DOWN MY LIFE FOR YOU” on Sunday, and FLETCHER — “The X-Factor” contestant turned viral pop act — continues her “In Search of the Antidote” tour on Thursday.
Fenway Park drops the curtain on its 2024 concert season this week after repeat appearances from Pearl Jam on Sunday and Tuesday for the band’s “Dark Matter” world tour, and a performance from Post Malone on Wednesday. Malone, a late addition to the ballpark’s schedule, is a surprisingly good fit for the venue given his recent detour into country, displayed on his twang-filled August record “F-1 Trillion.”
Advertisement
After his single “A Bar Song (Tipsy)” just logged a ninth week atop the Billboard Hot 100, Shaboozey brings his rodeo of country, rock, and hip-hop to Royale on Monday. Synth-pop duo Magdalena Bay park their “Imaginal Mystery Tour” — a hybrid Beatles reference and nod to their new record “Imaginal Disk” — at the venue on Wednesday.
NOW SPINNING
Divine Sweater, “A Time for Everything.” Divine Sweater’s best tunes are typically their most buoyant ones — hello, “All the Way Back” and “What if They Find Me Out?” — but the Boston band’s newest offering designates space for their downtempo dreamers. Set against a thematic backdrop of mortality and renewal, softly simmering tracks like “Down Bad” and “Main Attraction” glimmer with as much indie rock brilliance as the starry-eyed single “Deep Side.”
Ginger Root, “SHINBANGUMI.” Imagine you’re trapped inside an elevator for roughly 35 minutes, but the still-functional speakers are spouting youthful grooves, so you don’t mind. On his third record, California singer, producer, and “aggressive elevator soul” artist Cameron Lew drifts between skyscrapers of Crayola-colored city pop, walking listeners through a diorama of giddy funk nostalgia.
TR/ST, “Performance.” “Performance” may be the fourth studio album from producer and multi-disciplinary artist Robert Alfons — f.k.a. Trust — but it’s his first release via Dais Records. As if determined to prove what he’s capable of to his new label, “Performance” is a subtle but impressive exercise in range, as Alfons distends airy electronica into swirling goth-pop vortexes, like rich standouts “Dark Day,” “Boys Of LA,” and “The Shore.”
BONUS TRACK
Have film, will travel: Arlington’s Regent Theatre hosts a screening of “Boom: A Film About the Sonics” on Wednesday. After making the rounds on the festival circuit, the documentary about the Washington proto-punk band is finally enjoying a wide release, and the Regent’s event is the only New England screening announced thus far.
Advertisement
Victoria Wasylak can be reached at vmwasylak@gmail.com. Follow her on X @VickiWasylak.
Digital Access
Home Delivery
Gift Subscriptions
Log In
Manage My Account
Customer Service
Delivery Issues
Feedback
News Tips
Help & FAQs
Staff List
Advertise
Newsletters
View the ePaper
Order Back Issues
News in Education
Search the Archives
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Terms of Purchase
Work at Boston Globe Media
Internship Program
Co-op Program
Do Not Sell My Personal Information