Dylan Marlowe's debut single is a country boy tribute that he admits is a personal highlight of his live show.
"Boys Back Home" is a jam, and the recorded version with Dylan Scott cranks the dial up to 10. "Yeah, here's to the boys back home / Drinking dirt road beers on a Friday night," he sings at each chorus.
You'll find similar country-rock songs on Marlowe's new Mid-Twenties Crisis album, released last Friday (Sept. 27). "Stick to My Guns" with Riley Green is another highlight, but "Bat Outta Hell" is also streaming well.
"We played it for like a year before it even came out. Nobody cared about it," Marlowe tells Taste of Country Nights host Evan Paul.
"I kind of got bored of playing it," he adds. "I was like, 'Ugh, I hate this song.' Then we put it out and it blew up. First show I played it I was like 'I love this song!'" (laughs)
"To the ones keeping that dirt on their Carhartt / Yeah, heading down to the bank to cash that work hard / To the ones pushing that needle in the red in a diesel / They my kinda people underneath them stars," he sings.
Adding a second Dylan (Scott) was an intentional way of drawing attention to a collaboration, but also a nod to one of the first people to take him seriously in Nashville. The Georgia-raised Marlowe had just signed to Dallas Davidson's publishing company when he was invited to a Luke Bryan concert.
There he met Scott, who was familiar with "All About It." A few weeks later the "My Girl" hitmaker invited Marlowe on the road with him, and since then, he's been a big supporter.
In 2024, Marlowe says he's relied on his team more than ever. Commercial success hasn't brought a year of only smiles. In fact, the title of his new album represents a period of life he's living through.
"Maybe I still am on the tail end of it," he shares.
"The industry is tough to navigate sometimes," Marlowe explains. "You get all caught up in like comparing yourself to other people. Another part of it was just being gone so much and not being home with my wife at all."
Dylan Marlowe married Natalie Barber in May 2023. You'll find her across this album as well, particularly on songs like "The Fence" and "Deer on the Wall." Find the full lyrics to "Boys Back Home" below.
Yeah, here's to the boys back home / Drinking dirt road beers on a Friday night / Yeah, I'm wishing I was with y'all / Singing them old songs / Trucks circled up 'round a farm fire.
Dylan Marlowe:To the ones keeping that dirt on their Carhartt / Yeah, heading down to the bank to cash that work hard / To the ones pushing that needle in the red in a diesel / They my kinda people underneath them stars.
Down in Georgia / Yeah, I got one for ya.
Chorus:Yeah, here's to the boys back home / Drinking dirt road beers on a Friday night / Yeah, I'm wishing I was with y'all / Singing them old songs / Trucks circled up 'round a farm fire / Putting paint on that small town / Turning dirt into them dust clouds / Hell yeah, it's been too long / This one right here's to the boys back home.
Dylan Scott: I know you're holding that hometown down / Doing nothing to do like nobody does / I know I can't be right there, right now / But Lord knows I'm wishing I was / Yeah, so I'm gonna raise one up.
Repeat Chorus
Repeat Chorus
Gallery Credit: Billy Dukes
Gallery Credit: Billy Dukes