Getty Images
Numerous Taylor Swift fans thought Christmas came two days early, believing her new album, The Tortured Poets Department, leaked on April 17, 2024, instead of its scheduled April 19, 2024, drop. Swifties want to know if the songs are real and how the “leak” might have happened.

A Google Drive link began circulating online featured 17 songs, which is the number of tracks on TTPD. A snippet ​allegedly from the song “loml” started popping up on X, where Taylor appeared to be singing the lyrics, “Don’t know you super well but I think that you might be the same as me, behaving normally.”
One fan posted what they claimed was “So Long, London,” to their TikTok account. Taylor’s voice was heard singing, “It’s 6 a.m., what happened to our midnights? I pack my things and hope its not a risk,” over a piano accompaniment before the tune
Some fans believed the “leak” may have been songs created by artificial intelligence. Even the user who posted the “So Long, London” TikTok video wrote in the caption, “Two days to go before the TTPD album release. Not gonna lie, the AI songs released were so good.”
Later in the day, another leak began to make the rounds on social media, which was believed by fans to be legitimate and not AI-generated. Seemingly in an effort to stop the spread, X banned users from being able to search the phrase “Taylor Swift leak,” with an error popping up instead of related tweets.
For those who heard the “songs” that were allegedly leaked, there was mixed response. One user wrote on X, “TTPD leak lmao. Fortnight ft Post Malone, the way it’s trash,” with crying emojis.
“One thing I will say about TTPD is there’s no standout track. When I first heard the Midnights leak, I knew instantly Anti-Hero would be a hit. This can possibly be more acclaimed, but I need more. I’ll give it another listen,” another user wrote.
One Swiftie pointed out, “Twitter calling TTPD leaks a snoozefest which means we got a critically acclaimed Grammy winning masterpiece on the way.”
Hours after the LP’s alleged leak became a trending topic, Taylor shared a post on X, simply telling fans, “2 days til THE TORTURED POETS DEPARTMENT.” She seemed to hint that the album itself was not out and available for public consumption yet.
After the seemingly legitimate album leak circulated, many fans took to social media to insist that others should not listen and instead wait for the official release. “Raise your hand if you’re an ACTUAL Taylor Swift fan and aren’t listening,” one user tweeted, per BBC.
“People need to understand that this isn’t just about being a fan. It’s about respecting others of their hard work!” another fan added.
The singer shocked fans in the best way possible when accepting the Grammy Award for Best Pop Vocal Album at the February 4, 2024, awards ceremony. While many expected the “Karma” songstress to announce the long-awaited release of Reputation (Taylor’s Version), she had a bigger surprise.
“OK. This is my 13th grammy. Which is my lucky number, I don’t know if I’ve ever told you that,” Taylor began before announcing, “I wanna say thank you to the fans by telling you a secret that I’ve been keeping from you for the last two years, which is that my brand new album comes out April 19. It’s called The Tortured Poets Department.”
Conversation
All comments are subject to our Community Guidelines. Life & Style does not endorse
						the opinions and views shared by our readers in our comment sections. Our comments section is a place
						where readers can engage in healthy, productive, lively, and respectful discussions. Offensive language,
						hate speech, personal attacks, and/or defamatory statements are not permitted. Advertising or spam is
						also prohibited.
					
Life & Style has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
Life & Style is part of the a360media Entertainment Group.Copyright © a360media 2025. All Rights Reserved
By clicking Sign In, you agree to our Terms and Conditions and that you have read our Privacy Policy.
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include:
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include: