Between “This Is Me… Now: A Love Story” and another new Prime Video project, “The Greatest Love Story Never Told” — Jennifer Lopez has been getting plenty of love from some famous friends.
The star-studded short film “This Is Me… Now” featured everyone from previous co-stars Jane Fonda and Keke Palmer to Trevor Noah and Post Malone.
Now comes “The Greatest Love Story Told” — a documentary about the making of Lopez’s new album “This Is Me… Now” — the recently released sequel to 2002’s “This Is Me… Then” — and its companion short film, which premieres at 7 p.m. on Prime Video Monday.  
And — holy “Gigli”! — this one features the special guest closest to Lopez’s heart: husband Ben Affleck.
But there was one celeb who didn’t want to hop on Jenny’s block — “In the Heights” star Anthony Ramos — out of his loyalty to Lopez’s third husband, Marc Anthony.
“Anthony Ramos was gonna do this,” Lopez, 54, tells wardrobe supervisor Shawn “Beezy” Barton during a rehearsal captured in the documentary.
“He was gonna do the ‘Rebound’ number with me,” she continues, referencing a song from her new album. “And he was like, ‘Ah, I’m friends with Marc.’ ”
The song that appears midway through “This Is Me… Now” addresses being in a rebound relationship. And wouldn’t you know it: Lopez wed Anthony — the father of her 16-year-old twins Max and Emme — in 2004, just one year after her first engagement to Affleck was famously called off in 2003.
The doc then depicts Lopez calling Ramos and saying, “I didn’t know that you and Marc were, like, good friends. I didn’t know that. Well, that’s nice.”
She then goes on to assure Ramos — who co-starred with Anthony in the 2021 big-screen adaptation of “In the Heights” — that she would never call out “the father of my kids” like that. 
“I’m never gonna do anything that’s going to really, like, pinpoint him out,” says J.Lo, who is producing the upcoming “Bob the Builder” Mattel movie starring Ramos.
Ramos, though, stayed true to the bro code, responding: “Yeah, I just think that people are gonna think that … You know how the media is.”
But Lopez — who was also turned down by the likes of Taylor Swift, Jason Momoa, Jennifer Coolidge, Lizzo and Ariana Grande for various reasons — stood behind her creative vision.
“I said, ‘But if we only did our art thinking about what the media’s gonna say, what the f–k are we doing?'”
Advertisement