Manage your account
KENTUCKY (FOX 56) — The Recording Academy announced the 67th Grammy award nominations on Friday, and one Kentuckian is set to go head to head with an industry icon.
The 2025 Grammy Awards will kick off on Feb. 2, 2025, and two Kentucky acts are among the list of nominees.
 Johnson County graduate unknowingly brings diploma to Railbird, leaves with Chris Stapleton’s autograph 
This won’t be Cage the Elephant’s first time on the red carpet. The Bowling Green rock band previously brought home two Best Rock Album Grammy Awards for “Tell Me I’m Pretty” and “Social Cues.”
At the 67th Grammy Awards, Cage the Elephant is up for Best Alternative Music Performance for “Neon Pill.”
Here’s a look at the contenders:
Cage the Elephant, “Neon Pill”
Fontaines D.C., “Starburster”
Kim Gordon, “Bye Bye”
Nick Cave & the Bad Seeds, “Song of the Lake”
St. Vincent, “Flea”
Chris Stapleton, of Lexington, is also set to return to the red carpet after bringing home his ninth and tenth Grammy Awards for the Best Country Song and Best Solo Performance with “White Horse.”
Estill County assistant coach faces termination, charges after alleged inappropriate relationship with students
Cyclist in critical condition after collision in Lexington
Kentucky Housing Task Force approves final report
This time around, Stapleton will be up against Beyoncé, who made her country debut with the release of “Cowboy Carter,” for Best Country Album and Best Country Solo Performance.
Here’s a look at the contenders:
Best Country Album
Beyoncé, “Cowboy Carter”
Chris Stapleton, “Higher”
Kacey Musgraves, “Deeper Well”
Lainey Wilson, “Whirlwind”
Post Malone, “F-1 Trillion”
Best Country Solo Performance
Beyoncé, “16 Carriages”
Chris Stapleton, “It Takes a Woman”
Jelly Roll, “I Am Not Okay”
Kacey Musgraves, “The Architect”
Shaboozey, “A Bar Song (Tipsy)”
According to the Recording Academy, the first round of voting closed on Tuesday, and the final round runs through Dec. 12 to Jan. 3.
 Read more of the latest Kentucky news 
“During this time, I reflect on the power of our collective voice as Voting Members of the Recording Academy, and the unique light our awards shine on music’s ability to shape the world and connect people across the globe,” Recording Academy CEO Harvey Mason Jr. said. “Every vote can shape the future of music, empower creators, and ignite innovation. It’s a 67-year legacy that lasts well beyond Music’s Biggest Night.”
Copyright 2024 Nexstar Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
 For the latest news, weather, sports, and streaming video, head to FOX 56 News.