Comic and pundit Bill Maher told Democrats waiting for an “October surprise” to swing the election in Vice President Kamala Harris’s favor that they are wasting their time.
On Friday’s Real Time, Maher argued just about any negative headline could come out about former President Donald Trump and it wouldn’t matter.
Maher said:
“Democrats need to stop thinking an October surprise is going to save us from a second Trump term. I mean, look at this. We’ve gotten so used to thinking that there’s always an October surprise coming that when it doesn’t happen, it actually seems weird, like a party at Diddy’s house where you just dance. The Access Hollywood tape in 2016 was a classic October surprise, and many people thought it was one that would work as grabbing pussy is generally frowned upon, including by James Comey, who was so disgusted by it he reopened an investigation into Hillary a few weeks later.”
Maher ran through other past negative stories that had impact with voters, including Iran not releasing hostages held for over a year until after Ronald Reagan won the presidency in 1980, and news of George W. Bush’s past arrest for driving under the influence in 2000.
Maher argued Trump’s “superpower” is he’s sustained through seemingly endless controversy and nothing surprises voters about him anymore.
He said:
“Trump’s superpower as a candidate is that he has been so constantly and ubiquitously awful for so long that it’s simply no longer seen the way you wouldn’t notice a new face tattoo on Post Malone. Louisiana Governor Edwin Edwards once boasted, the only way I can lose this election is if I’m caught in bed with a dead girl or alive boy. Both of those could happen to Trump tomorrow, and it wouldn’t matter. He’s banged the porn star and attempted a coup. He steals from charities. If you’re waiting for an October surprise to knock him out, dream on, there are better odds of another Joker musical.”
Maher offered his own list of ridiculous headlines, including Trump being the antichrist, arguing not one would make a difference.
“I mean, honestly, what is the headline you’re imagining that would knock Donald Trump out of the race? Trump in blackface for Halloween? Trump Wipes Ass with Shroud of Turin? Trump Locks Up Underage Prostitute Who Gives Birth to Rosemary’s Baby? Trump Is Rosemary’s Baby?” he joked.
Maher predicted recently that he’s not concerned about Trump winning the election, predicting Harris will defeat him.
“I predicted a month ago you’d win this thing and if you blow it, it’s going to make me look bad,” he said at one point.
Maher argued Harris’s “dilemma” is that nothing negative about Trump will stick and she still hasn’t made enough of a case for herself to be president. Maher said voters are still unsure how “fringe” Harris is and how she’ll handle issues like the southern border.
“It’s getting late early and we can’t afford any more bad answers like this one last week,” Maher said, cutting to a clip of Harris on The View.
The vice president said in the clip that she couldn’t think of anything when asked if she would have done anything “differently” from President Joe Biden in the last four years.
“No bueno,” Maher said.
Watch above via HBO.
Zachary Leeman covered pop culture and politics at outlets such as Breitbart, LifeZette, BizPac Review, HollywoodinToto, and others. He is the author of the novel Nigh. He joined Mediaite in 2022.

Have a tip or story idea? Email us.
 Or to keep it anonymous, click here.