She celebrated the release of Cowboy Carter with an album signing in Japan
Cowboy Carter finally arrived on Friday, and Beyoncé celebrated the album dropping in what might be her most glamorous western outfit yet.
The music icon was the most stylish cowgirl in a monochromatic chocolate-brown look. The ensemble consisted of a shiny latex midi dress that featured a mock neckline, sleeveless construction, and bodycon design, paired with matching opera gloves. Beyoncé further accented her hourglass frame by cinching her waist with a wide leather belt that featured a large gold buckle and an intricate floral-embossed pattern throughout.
She kept the theme going with strappy stiletto sandals, a structured cowboy hat with small silver belt-buckle details lining the hatband, chunky rustic silver earrings, layers of diamond rings, and brown-tinted shades. And she didn’t stop there. For even more oomph, Beyoncé donned a fabulous glossy snakeskin leather trench coat in a mocha hue with touches of deep merlot-red throughout. The “Texas Hold ’Em” songstress looked gorgeous in full smoky glam, including shimmery brown eye shadow, dark eyeliner, and a nude-pink lip, while wearing her platinum locks down and straight.
The Cécred founder shared her luxurious look via a carousel of images on Instagram. She greeted fans at Tower Records in Tokyo for an album signing.
Beyoncé has been fully leaning into her country era, serving up Wild West fits with her special Queen Bey wow factor. On Thursday, she was striking in a shaggy fur coat emblazoned with a flashy zebra-print pattern by the Attico over a simple black minidress, paired with knee-high Jimmy Choo boots with a playful matching black-and-white zigzag pattern.
Days before, the superstar made a statement in double denim that took cues from both country fashion and fellow music legend Madonna. Beyoncé paired a cropped Marine Serre jacket that featured a corsetlike bodice, patchwork design, and cone bra, with high-waisted Y/Project jeans that featured asymmetrical diagonal cutouts along the front. She accented it with a white Stetson cowboy hat, metallic-rim shades, a massive silver chain necklace, and a small denim bag.
Cowboy Carter is Beyoncé’s eighth studio album (and part two of a three-part project that started with Renaissance), a 27-track masterpiece that also features artists including Dolly Parton, Willie Nelson, Miley Cyrus, Post Malone, Linda Martell,  Tanner Adell, Brittney Spencer, Tiera Kennedy, Willie Jones, Reyna Roberts, and Shaboozey.
“This ain’t a Country album. This is a ‘Beyoncé’ album,” the singer wrote in an Instagram post leading up to the album’s release.
Prince Harry Says He May Not Return to the U.K. 
George Clooney Played Softball In Central Park
Hunter Schafer Gives the Tracksuit a Playful Twist
Blake Lively Wears a “Wedding Gown” on Late Night 
Bella Hadid Glows in a Bubblegum-Pink Set
J.Lo’s Dress Shimmers Like a Starry Night Sky
Hailey Bieber’s Party Dress Is Made of Watches
Princess Charlotte's Birthday Portrait, by Kate
Kendall Jenner’s Halter Plunges to New Depths
Florence Pugh Steps Out in Five Different Looks
Kate and William Show Rare PDA in New Photos
Dua Lipa Looks Cool In Leather Pants
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.