May 3, 2024 — Continuing the global Shaniassance that sees music icon Shania Twain dominate charts and stages around the world, she has announced a special edition vinyl release, Greatest Hits Summer Tour Edition 2024. In celebration of Shania’s biggest summer yet with massive shows across the UK & Ireland, this new super limited edition vinyl highlights a variety of Shania’s best-selling records, including the 2024 remastered versions of multi-platinum hits such as ‘Man! I Feel Like A Woman!’, ‘That Don’t Impress Me Much’, and ‘You’re Still The One’, as well as the single ‘Giddy Up!’ from her latest UK #1 album, Queen Of Me, and more.
Greatest Hits Summer Tour Edition 2024 will be available on super limited edition 1LP vinyl on 28th June and is available to pre-order via the link BELOW.
The release of Greatest Hits Summer Tour Edition 2024 on 28th June comes just days ahead of Shania’s highly anticipated and coveted performance on the iconic Glastonbury Pyramid Stage in the ‘Legends’ slot, as part of her extensive UK & Ireland summer tour. The tour also includes stops in Cork, Belfast, Dublin, Stirling, Lytham St Annes and Chepstow, which marks Shania’s first performance in Wales. Supporting Shania on these shows is renowned singer-songwriter Rag’N’Bone Man who shot to fame in 2016 with his genre-bending sound and baritone vocals. Shania will then bring her UK & Ireland summer shows to an epic close in London for BST Hyde Park with support coming from highly acclaimed Irish icons The Corrs plus more names to be announced.
With Shania’s 1997 single ‘Honey I’m Home’ opening Side 2 and featuring on the LP’s stunning artwork, Shania says “‘Honey I’m Home’ seemed fitting for this album cover. I love being in the UK so much and this huge run of festivals feels like a homecoming for me - what an honour and a joy!
The UK & Ireland dates follow the first leg of Shania’s forthcoming Las Vegas residency, COME ON OVER – The Las Vegas Residency – All The Hits! which she will perform at the Bakkt Theater at Planet Hollywood Resort & Casino until December 2024.
2023 saw Shania release her sixth studio album, Queen Of Me, which debuted at Number 1 on the Official Album Chart, plus undertake a tour of the UK and Ireland which garnered rave reviews from The Guardian (4 stars), Metro (4 stars), Attitude (5 stars), Daily Mail (4 stars), The Independent (4 stars) and many more.
Shania Twain continues to be one of the world’s most popular artists, with over 100 million global album sales and 330 million streams in the UK alone. Her third studio album, Come On Over, is the UK’s 15th biggest selling album of all time. Her blockbuster, career-spanning Netflix documentary, Not Just A Girl, was praised by NME, The i, Stylist and more for reminding audiences of her status as a cultural icon and music industry pioneer. Notable celebrity fans include Taylor Swift, Post Malone, Lewis Capaldi, Kacey Musgraves, Haim, Avril Lavigne and Harry Styles, who invited Shania to perform with him when he headlined Coachella in 2022.
Side 1
Forever And For Always (Pop Red Edit)
I'm Gonna Getcha Good (Red Single Edit)
Up! (Red Version)
Man! I Feel Like A Woman
That Don't Impress Me Much (Dance Mix)
From This Moment On (Pop On-Tour Version)
Side 2
Honey, I'm Home
You're Still The One (Remixed/Remastered 2004)
Don't Be Stupid (You Know I Love You) (Country Album Version)
Any Man Of Mine
Whose Bed Have Your Boots Been Under? (Radio Edit)
Giddy Up!
*Support act: Rag’N’Bone Man
**Support act: The Corrs
• June 25th - Musgrave Park, Cork*
• June 27th - Belsonic, Belfast*
• June 28th - Malahide Castle, Dublin*
• June 30th - Glastonbury Festival*
• July 2nd - Stirling Summer Sessions, Stirling*
• July 4th - Lytham Festival, Lytham St Annes*
• July 5th - Chepstow Summer Sessions, Chepstow*
• July 7th - BST Hyde Park, London**

        
            May 3, 2024 10:10am ET
            by Newsdesk   

            
            
            	
universal, music, canada

	                              Shortlink to this content: https://bit.ly/3UqWYWX


Profile


Press Releases