Machine Gun Kelly's entrance into country music was affirmed during the 2024 People’s Choice Country Awards. There, he not only performed his new song, “Lonely Road” with Jelly Roll, but he also took home two awards.
Similar to Post Malone, the country music community seems to have welcomed MGK with open arms. It probably helps that he's friends with Jelly Roll, whose genre-bending style has changed the format in recent years.
Ahead of the awards show, MGK talked to Taste of Country’s Adison Haager about the impact Jelly Roll has made on him, both personally and professionally.
"He’s such a good bridge connector, and I’m really kind of silent," MGK begins. "So, it’s nice to have a loud friend that can come in and make it less awkward for me."
The two artists haven’t always been friendly towards each other, which makes their current friendship even sweeter.
"There was only like seven white rappers on Earth at this time,” Jelly Roll recalls of when he was first introduced to MGK. “So it was so competitive when you was in that pool.”
“I’ve known Kels 15 ... 14 years probably,” Jelly Roll tells Taste of Country (MGK's real name is Colson Baker), "Since we were both in the underground hip-hop scene. We’ve turned out to be really good friends."
Being around someone for that long, you might pick up one or two of their mannerisms. MGK sure has. Asked to give his best Jelly Roll impression, Kelly nailed both the things his buddy says and his jovial tone.
"What’s up Bubba," the singer jokes. "What’s up slam? You over there about to wear … you’re looking like Johnny Cash and Johnny Depp right now."
Jelly Roll isn’t the only country star in MGK’s phone contacts. During our red carpet interview, he dropped the names of Lainey Wilson, Brantley Gilbert and Ernest. He feels the love he's been given by the genre.
“I just love that they feel like the couch is big enough for everybody," MGK says of walking into country music. "Where I come from, you have to fight for that spot on the couch … my knuckles are getting tired, man. I just want to chill with everybody.”
"Lonely Road" is currently inside the Top 20 on Billboard’s Hot Country Songs chart.