The Dutch producer was meant to deliver a pre-game set at the Feb. 11 event, and then stay on to spin during game breaks.

													By
												

	Katie Bain


Tiësto is bowing out of the big game. The Dutch DJ, who was scheduled to be the 2024 Super Bowl‘s  first ever in-game DJ, announced today (Feb. 8) that he will not be playing during the game in Las Vegas this Sunday due to “a personal family emergency.”

	“Me and my team have been preparing something truly special for months, but a personal family emergency is forcing me to return home Sunday morning,” Tiësto tweeted today (Feb. 8). “It was a tough decision to miss the game, but family always comes first. Thank you to the NFL for the collaboration and looking forward to working with them to deliver something incredible together in the future!”

	










	The producer currently has a show scheduled for tonight (Feb. 8) and tomorrow (Feb. 9) at the Brooklyn Hangar. It’s not yet clear whether or not he will play these shows.




			Trending on Billboard		






	Tiësto, 55, was meant to spin during Super Bowl 2024 game breaks, with portions of his performance to be featured during the Super Bowl LVIII broadcast on CBS and live streamed on Tiësto’s social channels. It’s not yet known if another DJ will replace him. Las Vegas will host a bevy of DJs between now and then, with artists including Zedd, lllenium and The Chainsmokers playing in some of the city’s biggest clubs this weekend. 

	This year’s game will still feature plenty of musical entertainment, with Usher playing the halftime show, as well as Reba McEntire singing the National Anthem during the pre-game, which will also host Post Malone performing “America The Beautiful” and Andra Day singing “Life Every Voice and Sing.” 

	The NFL has routinely featured a DJ set before the game since Super Bowl LIV in Miami in 2020, when DJ Khaled did the honors, with D-Nice taking over the next year in Tampa Bay, followed by Zedd in Los Angeles and DJ Snake in Phoenix in 2023.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.