It comes after Swift offered her endorsement to Kamala Harris for president
Whoopi Goldberg has told Donald Trump’s vice presidential candidate JD Vance to “stop talking” after he described Taylor Swift as a “billionaire celebrity” who is “fundamentally disconnected”.
After the televised debate between Kamala Harris and Donald Trump on September 10, Swift offered her formal endorsement to Harris for president.
Appearing on Fox News, Vance reacted to the singer’s choice by claiming that she is “disconnected” from the American people.
“We admire Taylor Swift’s music, but I don’t think most Americans, whether they like her music or are fans of hers or not, are going to be influenced by a billionaire celebrity who I think is fundamentally disconnected from the interests and the problems of most Americans,” Vance claimed.
“Look, when grocery prices go by 20%, it hurts most Americans. It doesn’t hurt Taylor Swift,” he added. “When housing prices become unaffordable, it doesn’t affect Taylor Swift or any other billionaire. It does affect middle class Americans all over our country.”
On Friday’s (September 13) episode of The View, Goldberg responded to Vance’s comments, saying: “You don’t know what affects her! You don’t about know her money! How you talking about her? Shut up, JD. I’m sorry that was very rude. Stop talking, JD.
“The reason I apologised is because I hate when pundits tell me to shut up,” Goldberg later clarified. “It’s not a nice thing to say but I do take it back. But the implication is… hush! We were just talking about how Taylor Swift endorsing Harris-Walz is triggering Republicans. It’s a big deal. It’s really freaking them out.”
Goldberg’s co-hosts went on to praise Swift for encouraging her fans to vote, which the singer did in both her endorsement statement and during an acceptance speech at the 2024 MTV Video Music Awards.
It was reported that Swift’s endorsement led to a 500 per cent increase in voter registration, with 337,826 of her followers clicking the link to vote.gov, which the singer included in her statement.
Trump himself reacted to Swift’s endorsement for Harris by saying “she’ll probably pay a price for it in the marketplace.”
Taylor Swift. Credit: Dimitrios Kambouris/Getty Images
In her endorsement of Harris, Swift praised the current vice president and wrote she “fights for the rights and causes I believe need a warrior to champion them. I think she is a steady-handed, gifted leader and I believe we can accomplish so much more in this country if we are led by calm and not chaos.”
At the 2024 VMAs, Swift became the first ever artist to win the Video Of The Year award three years running.
She picked up seven awards in total on the night, including Song of the Summer, Best Collaboration, Best Direction and Best Editing – all of which were for ‘Fortnight’,  her ‘The Tortured Poets Department collaboration with Post Malone. She also took home Artist of the Year and Best Pop.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.