The Rod Ryan Show is a Houston, Texas radio show broadcasting 6-10 a.m. weekdays on 94.5 The Buzz. It's the most interactive show in radio, covering...Full Bio
The MTV Video Music Awards are tonight, airing at 8PM! With the addition of social categories, Taylor Swift still leads the pack with 12 nods in all, followed by Post Malone with 11, then Eminem with eight. Ariana Grande, Megan Thee Stallion, Sabrina Carpenter, and SZA are all next with seven nods each.
Megan Thee Stallion will be hosting the big night. She’ll also be performing…but she’s certainly not the only performer! Eminem will be opening the show for starters. Shawn Mendes, Anitta, Karol G, LL Cool J, Chappell Roan, Sabrina Carpenter, Camila Cabello, GloRilla, Rauw Alejandro, Katy Perry, Benson Boone, Halsey, Lenny Kravitz, and LISA are all set to perform as well.
Eminem is up for eight nominations tonight. If he wins just one…he’ll officially become the artist with the most wins by a male artist in the show’s history, breaking his tie with Peter Gabriel.
Eminem is releasing an Expanded Mourner's Edition of his album "The Death of Slim Shady" on Friday. (Full Story) 
After Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce were seen singing along to it at the U.S. Open. (Full Story) 
They will perform at three legendary L.A. clubs: The Troubadour, The Roxy, and the Whiskey a Go Go. (Full Story) 
 A list of end of summer songs from "Ultimate Classic Rock" includes Don Henley's"Boys of Summer", Green Day's "Wake Me Up When September Ends", and Kid Rock's "All Summer Long".
Fall officially starts on the 22nd, so you still have some time to celebrate the last days of summer. In case you're in need of a soundtrack, "Ultimate Classic Rock" put together a list of 40 songs that mention the end of summer. Here are some highlights:  
1.  "Maggie May", Rod Stewart
2.  "Boys of Summer", Don Henley
3.  "The Last Day of Summer", The Cure
4.  "September", Earth, Wind and Fire
5.  "Wake Me Up When September Ends", Green Day
6.  "Summer's Almost Gone",  The Doors
7.  "All Summer Long", The Beach Boys
8.  "We're Going to Be Friends", The White Stripes
9.  "Summer Nights",  John Travolta and Olivia Newton-John  (Yes, from "Grease".)
10.  "Night Moves", Bob Seger & The Silver Bullet Band
11.  "All Summer Long", Kid Rock
12.  "Summer Is Over", Dusty Springfield
13.  "Nightswimming", R.E.M.
14.  "Summer's End", Foo Fighters
15.  "(Only A) Summer Love", REO Speedwagon
Photo: Getty Images