Home    Forums    Music    Grammys 2025 Predictions (Part 4)
 you are wrong just for saying that Texas has less chance than the full album, maybe she will end with 0 awards, that is possible and several people predicted this including me, since country won’t choose her when there is Kacey and Chris, but the our reasons for this are well-founded, yours are stupidity. Taylor VS GUTS and Taylor VS ES are TOTALLY different too, another moment where you went wrong 
True, Ariana is even less of a threat to Taylor than Olivia thie year. Olivia is a way more interesting and respected artist than Ariana and also taken more seriously by almost everyone. Olivia has so much potential even shes like 20
Are YOU trolling!? Grammys doesn’t care about opening weeks ☠️ Only desperate swifties like you think about numbers. It’s always numbers with you and not quality.
Let’s not forget that the TTPD album is about to go 4 straight weeks at number one in Billboard 200 whether they like it or not. 
So, 5th AOTY confirmed? 
My answer is it’s too early to tell, but it seems like it’s going to challenge the 11 week reign of Fearless and 1989.
Migs
dude, we learned from folklore that pop voters won’t get behind this type of sound. She got AOTY that year because the album appealed to diferente genres but both “cardigan” and “exile” (career highlights) lost BPSP and BPFGP, respectively.
”exile” is arguably top 5 is her discography and lost to “Rain On Me”. “Fortnight” is getting the nom but that’s it. Plus, Post Malone has an awful backstory in the pop field.
This time she probably is going home emptyhanded. Let’s just deal with it.
Let’s be clear.
Taylor is already in Act 2 of The Eras Tour recently. I can assure you that she’s not going home empty handed next year because the Grammys will award her something big like what they did this year.
Migs
 you are wrong just for saying that Texas has less chance than the full album, maybe she will end with 0 awards, that is possible and several people predicted this including me, since country won’t choose her when there is Kacey and Chris, but the our reasons for this are well-founded, yours are stupidity. Taylor VS GUTS and Taylor VS ES are TOTALLY different too, another moment where you went wrong 
 If you believe that is stupidity and that I made thie up for fum then go on and predict her to win. If you want to know more about this go on and look it up but ur not gonna do that, are you? its easier to act like a bitch and blame the winners and the voters and constantly playing the race card then to try and find what is the reason behind their decision to not give her AOTY.
Grammys and academy is always fighting for the creators and musicians who might not make a lot of money and are being treated unfairly so its understandable they will want to honor and celebrate the ones that have the creative spark in them and feel authentic in thw way they are writing…its nice to see people like Taylor, Billie or Olivia suceeding cuz they share that passion and have a deeper understanding of the craft and want to learn improve and grow with their music.
I’m a swiftie, but I think TTPD might go empty handed next year, not because I have any criticisms of the album, I loved it, but I’m trying to think like the voters, since they are normally very strict with Taylor. An era like Midnights in Bruno Mars or Billie’s hands would have sweeped, but they only gave Taylor 2 Grammys. I think Fortnight has a chance to win Pop Duo, but if the Beatles song is nominated, I’m sure it will win.
TTPD can be like Guts/HTE with a lot of nominations and 0 wins, or like Scorpion with a lot of nominations and 1 win since they decided to honor the best selling album in a category. I guess we will see, I was more sure with some Grammy wins for Midnights than with TTPD, considering Taylor’s track record of doing well with one album at the Grammys and the follow-up not so much.
Fearless – It won AOTY despite of Beyonce and Lady Gaga big year.
1989 – It should have went to To Pimp A Butterfly, but the vote splitting hurt with urban votes from The Weeknd.
Folklore – It was a deserving win, but it was totally a Grammy committee set up which made The Weeknd got robbed with zero nominations
Midnights – a career win due to her historic year in music with pop culture dominance and The Eras Tour Act one. Should have went to SZA if she had released LANA album during the final round voting.
TTPD – ???
Migs
Fearless – won AOTY despite of Beyonce and Lady Gaga big year.
1989 – It should have went to To Pimp A Butterfly, but the vote splitting hurt with urban votes from The Weeknd.
Folklore – it was a deserving win, but it was totally a Grammy committee set up which made The Weeknd got robbed with zero nominations
Midnights – a career win due to her historic year in music with The Eras Tour Act one
TTPD – ???
 Fearless 100% deserved to win over b
I am…Sasha Fierce and The Fame…that was the obvious decision and Im glad they chose lyrical excellence and emotional authenticity over the production style and tehnical achievements
Anyways… can’t wait for Billie’s album. I loved Chihiro’s snippet. Also Kendrick is smashing so hard. I really hope he submits at least Not Like Us.
Academy Award winner Cillian Murphy
Fearless – It won AOTY despite of Beyonce and Lady Gaga big year. 1989 – It should have went to To Pimp A Butterfly, but the vote splitting hurt with urban votes from The Weeknd. Folklore – It was a deserving win, but it was totally a Grammy committee set up which made The Weeknd got robbed with zero nominations Midnights – a career win due to her historic year in music with pop culture dominance and The Eras Tour Act one. Should have went to SZA if she had released LANA album during the final round voting. TTPD – ??? 
Fearless was the best and biggest album, anything that beat Taylor would be wrong, Red is amazing but the real victim was Kendrick with Good Kid Mad City, 1989 shouldn’t have won, Folklore was the biggest album and the 4th best of 2020, a perfect set of sales and acclaim in addition to perfectly representing 2020, Evermore should have sold as it was the best album on the list if it wasn’t Evermore it should have been SOUR, the album of the year 2024 should have been SOS or The Record, even GUTS deserved more than Mid.
2025 still no obvious or extremely deserving winner but if the Grammys were real Beyoncé would win AOTY at least for now CC is the most deserving
I’m a swiftie, but I think TTPD might go empty handed next year, not because I have any criticisms of the album, I loved it, but I’m trying to think like the voters, since they are normally very strict with Taylor. An era like Midnights in Bruno Mars or Billie’s hands would have sweeped, but they only gave Taylor 2 Grammys. I think Fortnight has a chance to win Pop Duo, but if the Beatles song is nominated, I’m sure it will win. TTPD can be like Guts/HTE with a lot of nominations and 0 wins, or like Scorpion with a lot of nominations and 1 win since they decided to honor the best selling album in a category. I guess we will see, I was more sure with some Grammy wins for Midnights than with TTPD, considering Taylor’s track record of doing well with one album at the Grammys and the follow-up not so much. 
If pop duo doesn’t become more competitive maybe she can give Post Malone his first prize but the pop camp hates her and hates him even more
Taylor Swift has well deserved their 4 Album of the Year awards the only thing is that I think she deserves that award for Red and not actually for Midnights. And Fearless, 1989 and Folklore were super deserved.
Also I think she got stolen that SOTY awards from Cardigan and ATWTMV. Same as BPVDG with Exile ft Bon Iver. 
Taylor Swift has well deserved their 4 Album of the Year awards the only thing is that I think she deserves that award for Red and not actually for Midnights. And Fearless, 1989 and Folklore were super deserved. Also I think she got stolen that SOTY awards from Cardigan and ATWTMV. Same as BPVDG with Exile ft Bon Iver. 
 ATWTMV actually wouldn’t make a deserving winner. SOTY is not just lyrics and storytelling. ATWTMV is not really an organic song, it was just something she did to capitalize off the insane legacy of this song. Its not that good and some parts are just unnecessary and transition are also kinda awkrard. Blank Space is what should get her SOTY (and imo Cardigan too). BS is a super well written stylish pop classic. So tongue in cheer, full of zingers and personality and a really good play on how she’s portrayed in media
Get real!  Taylor Shit did NOT deserve 4 Album of the Year wins.  Pure fucking delusion.  The tramp stole wins from Kendrick Lamar and SZA.
And when Taylor wins Pop Solo with “Cruel Summer”, then what?
Taylor Swift has well deserved their 4 Album of the Year awards the only thing is that I think she deserves that award for Red and not actually for Midnights. And Fearless, 1989 and Folklore were super deserved. Also I think she got stolen that SOTY awards from Cardigan and ATWTMV. Same as BPVDG with Exile ft Bon Iver. 
Of the 4 she only 3 are good and only 2 deserved it.
TPAB and Sound & Color >> 1989
The Record, SOS, GUTS >> Midnights
The topic ‘Grammys 2025 Predictions (Part 4)’ is closed to new replies.
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…

				1 hour ago			

				56 mins ago			

				1 hour ago			

				2 hours ago			

				2 hours ago			

				2 hours ago			

				4 hours ago			

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media