By CARLY JOHNSON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  02:23, 24 April 2024   |  Updated:  03:26, 24 April 2024   
 7
View  comments
Shawn Mendes reunited with his close friend, Dr. Jocelyne Miranda, on Tuesday — four months after they were last seen together.
The pop singer, 25, and the chiropractor, 52, were spotted on a morning walk in Los Angeles.
Mendes greeted Miranda with a warm hug before they began their trek to Runyon Canyon, a popular hiking trail.
The Stitches hitmaker looked handsome in a tight white tank top worn under a cozy green fleece jacket.
He completed the look with khaki pants and black Nike sneakers.
Shawn Mendes reunited with his close friend, Dr. Jocelyne Miranda, on Tuesday for a morning walk in Los Angeles — four months after they were last seen together
Miranda showed off her toned legs by pairing black biker shorts with an oversized black hooded sweatshirt and chunky black sneakers.
The doctor had her brunette hair tied back in a bun and she sported gold-framed aviator sunglasses.
The duo looked to be in a jovial mood as they caught up with one another during their early AM walk. 
Mendes and Miranda — whose working relationship dates back in 2018 — were last seen together in December 2023. 
They became the topic of romance rumors starting in 2022 when fans noticed Mendes was spending more one-on-one time with Miranda in LA.
The speculation kicked off months after he and girlfriend of two years, Camila Cabello, split in November 2021. 
He and Camila briefly reconciled in April 2023 at Coachella — which Miranda also attended — but ended things for good by June 2023. 
Mendes put the Miranda romance rumors to rest again when he started dating British songstress Charlie Travers, 37 — who is 12 years older than him — in November 2023.
Mendes greeted Miranda with a warm hug before they began their trek to Runyon Canyon, a popular hiking trail
The Stitches hitmaker looked handsome in a tight white tank top worn under a cozy green fleece jacket while Miranda showed off her legs in black biker shorts
Mendes and Miranda — whose working relationship dates back in 2018 — were last seen together in December 2023
He and Travers were first spotted dining together on November 7 at WeHo restaurant E.P. & L.P. before being photographed on a Malibu beach in their underwear on November 8. 
DailyMail.com obtained exclusive photos of Travers moving her belongings into Mendes' $4.6M five-bedroom, six-bathroom home located in LA's Beverly Grove neighborhood the following month.
The current status of his and Travers' relationship is unknown as they were last photographed publicly on her December move-in date. 
Miranda has a years-long history with Mendes as a chiropractor.
On her website, she describes herself as having over 20 years experience in the ﬁeld of chiropractic and rehabilitation.
Her site also notes that she worked with the pop star on his tour from 2018 to 2019, giving 'personal assessment and treatment pre/post-show.
Some of her other celebrity clientele reportedly include Justin Bieber, his wife Hailey Bieber, Kendall Jenner and Post Malone.
Miranda has a years-long history with Mendes as a chiropractor
Mendes is heavily featured on Miranda's Instagram page, where she previously described him as a 'magical human being'
Mendes is heavily featured on Miranda's Instagram page, where she previously described him as a 'magical human being.'
Mendes has mostly shied away from the spotlight since canceling his Wonder: The World Tour in summer 2022 to focus on his mental and physical health.
Earlier this year, the Canadian hitmaker opened up about his struggle with 'extreme anxiety' on Instagram and how he copes with the 'pain.'
'Over the last year I spent a lot of time singing like this. I found that in moments of extreme anxiety or fear if I sat down with my harmonium and allowed myself with full trust to sing whatever came out it would often ease the pain,' he wrote.
Mendes included a black-and-white video of himself vocalizing and playing a harmonium — a keyboard instrument that makes sound by blowing air through reeds, which are tuned to different pitches to make musical notes. 
He 'promised' his nearly 73million followers that he would 'be back [to making music] as soon as I've taken the right time to heal.'
Mendes said that when he began working with the harmonium 'it felt so difficult at first to let myself sing without needing perfection.'
He then explained that, 'after a while I actually started to fall in love with the dance between the "right" and the "wrong" notes…'
Speculation about a potential romance between Mendes and Miranda kicked off months after he and girlfriend of two years, Camila Cabello, split in November 2021; seen in September 2021
Mendes put the Miranda romance rumors to rest when he started dating British songstress Charlie Travers, 37 — who is 12 years older than him — in November 2023; Travers seen in November 2023
'I realized there were only moments of bliss and euphoria from the 'right' notes BECAUSE of the 'wrong' notes.'
The breakthrough came when he realized, 'The only reason i can sing in key is because I've learned to listen.'
The musician said the biggest life lesson he has learned 'has been to accept and welcome the lows of life… not to constantly need to change or fix something in order to feel high again, because I know if I really slow down and listen when I'm low there's always something to hear.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group