By 

	Chris Willman

Senior Music Writer and Chief Music Critic

	The Stagecoach Festival in California was already seen as packing more heat this past spring than its sister festival, Coachella, and that could well be the case again in 2025, now that the annual desert gathering has announced a lineup that includes some of the biggest names in mainstream country but also several high-profile figures from slightly outside its borders.

Zach Bryan, Jelly Roll and Luke Combs will be the headliners for the three-day festival on April 25-27 in Indio, Calif., with supporting appearances by pop superstar Lana Del Rey, renegade Sturgill Simpson and current chart-topper Shaboozey likely to draw just as much interest from the wider world beyond typical country fans. 

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					How Indie Film and Los Angeles Can Help Each Other		
			














	
		
					Josh Holloway Says His ‘Answer Is Always Yes’ to J.J. Abrams as ‘Lost’ Duo Reunites for Crime Thriller ‘Duster’ 		
			








	Bryan certainly counts as a key get for Stagecoach, as one of the hottest artists in any genre in the past few years, playing stadiums as well as arenas and having only occasionally dipped into the country festival circuit. It may be one of his only live appearances in 2025, as the artist tweeted: “Didn’t plan on playing next year but this was confirmed a very long time ago. SO STOKED AND THANKS FOR HAVING US STAGECOACH.”




			Popular on Variety		






	Del Rey’s intentions in the country field have continued to be a subject of intrigue, as she has teased but not yet officially announced what has been described as a country-leaning album project, “Lasso.”

	Other country hitmakers on the bill include Dasha, Brothers Osborne, Carly Pearce, Ashley McBryde, Tucker Wetmore and Midland.

	Combs is the only one of the three headliners who has previously topped the festival, having headlined Stagecoach 2022. Bryan played the Palomino tent in 2022. Jelly Roll is moving up to a top slot after being on the Mane Stage undercard this past spring.

	Shaboozey also played Stagecoach this year, albeit in two performances far, far down the bill, which enthralled festivalgoers even before his breakout hit became nearly as omnipresent as it would be. In 2025, he is the fifth-billed act for Saturday night… billing that was probably worked out before “A Bar Song (Tipsy)” came to dominate Billboard’s Hot 100 for weeks on end and became inarguably one of the biggest hits of the year in any format. One could argue that a headlining slot might not even have been out of line for him at this point, even if that might have seemed a bit premature in his still-nascent career.

	










	Del Rey, meanwhile, comes to an undercard slot at Stagecoach after having headlined Coachella, which takes place on the same grounds, this past spring. If she does plan to launch a country-styled album in 2025, using Stagecoach as a base for that rollout would follow in the footsteps of Post Malone doing a highly publicized country set at Stagecoach 2024 in advance of his highly successful debut country album.

	As always, the festival is looking beyond country for some perhaps surprising inclusions, with this year’s offerings featuring sets by Nelly, Sammy Hagar, Backstreet Boys, Creed, Goo Goo Dolls and T-Pain.

	Sierra Ferrell will lead the roots-music contingent. Veteran country acts on the lineup include Crystal Gayle and Tracy Lawrence. Koe Wetzel joins Bryan and Simpson in the contingent of rougher-edged artists who are identified with country but have had their successes outside of the radio sphere.

	Passes go on sale Friday at 11 a.m. PT at stagecoachfestival.com.

	General admission passes start at $579 (with all fees included in the price). Passes for the standing-room-only pit in front of the Mane Stage start at $1899. Prices for the reserved seating areas are $2299, $1499 and $1199. Higher priced VIP passes are offered as well, the most elaborate of which is a Desert Diamond VIP package starting at $4023.85.
The Business of Entertainment