By
Peter Burditt
Updated: 
We’ve heard them on Instagram, TikTok, in our friend’s car, and just about anywhere else where there is music playing. They are the songs of the Summer. Every Summer there are about three or four songs that reach the top of the charts and just sit there for weeks and weeks on end. Engraining themselves in our Summer memories for better or for worse. These songs help make Summer what it is. 
That being so, this year’s Summer anthems have seen some of the most limelight in years past. They’ve birthed new collaborations, stars, and genres and have been stuck in the heads of every other person since their release. So, without further adieu—here are our top three songs of the Summer. 
Surprising, right? Since its release at the beginning of Summer on May 10, the song has been on No. 1 Billboard’s Songs of The Summer Chart for 10 weeks. The song has been released for 13. A bit unbelievable, yes, however, not unfathomable. The song marks Malone’s long-awaited introduction in country music and obviously fans can not get enough of it. 
Of his F-1 Trillion album, Malone and Wallen gave the people exactly what they wanted with this tune—a song conducive to mindless, joyful, and memorable Summer fun. To say the least, Malone and Wallen struck gold with this song and proved that country music is still the premier genre of Summer. 
Here is a legitimate question—can anyone go more than an hour without hearing this song somewhere? Seemingly not, as Shaboozey’s country-rap hit has been in the ears of every rap and country fan since its release on April 12. It does enter ground-breaking territory given that it is one of the first country-rap songs to top the charts, specifically, gracing Billboard’s Songs of The Summer Chart for 10 weeks. 
Peaking at No. 2 on the chart, the unique tune is a fresh crossover that both rap and country fans did not know they wanted. With no prospect of slowing down on the charts or in streaming, the song will most likely finish out the Summer in a similar capacity it is currently in. 
Say you can’t sleep, baby, I know / That’s that me espresso, have just been a few of the lyrics from Carpenter’s song swirling around in peoples’ heads for weeks now. It’s been on Billboard’s Songs of The Summer Chart for 10 weeks at a peak position of No. 5. Thus gifting Carpenter with the third biggest hit of her career. 
It’s catchy, poppy, and everything else a Summer song should be. Released on April 11, “Espresso” has made Carpenter a staple voice of this Summer. In totality, the song is around every corner and is flooding air spaces around the world. It will go down as one of Carpenter’s all-time greatest hits. 
Photo by Paras Griffin/Getty Images for BET
Only members can comment. Become a member. Already a member? Log in.
The Shocking Story of How Ozzy Osbourne Cheated Death in 2003
4 Songs with the Most Iconic Intros in Country Music
Watch Aerosmith’s Steven Tyler and Joe Perry Perform Together for the First Time in Two Years

			© 2025 American Songwriter			American Songwriter: a Savage Ventures Brand