Beyoncé set pulses racing as she channelled her inner Pamela Anderson in a new snap.
The Break My Soul singer, 43, recreated some of the actress' most iconic looks for the Halloween season. One of the ensembles was her famed red swimsuit, which Pamela stunned audiences wearing while she was on drama series Baywatch.
Stripping off to nothing but the swimsuit, Beyoncé went all out for her look as she donned a long, blonde wig for the occasion, alongside the tight-fit swimsuit that had the word "Beywatch" scrawled across the front. She also risked a wardrobe malfunction, as the swimsuit barely covered her boobs - in true Pamela Anderson form.
READ MORE: Beyonce's daughter set for Hollywood debut as Lion King Mufasa trailer released
Click for more brilliant Daily Star showbiz stories
Grammy winner Beyoncé also sizzled as she flaunted her flawless make-up, sporting a full face with contour and highlighter giving a bright shine to her sexy look. She finished the outfit with a splash of lilac eye shadow with mascara and fake eyelashes, only heightening the actress' iconic look.
In a second snap, the Texas Hold 'Em singer slipped into a tight-fit corset with thigh-high leather boots as she straddled a Yamaha motorbike, complete with thin 90s style eyebrows. This was in tribute to Pamela's iconic look from the 1996 action flick Barb Wire.
Taking to her social media platforms on Tuesday (November 5), Beyoncé uploaded several other snaps in honour of the Canadian actress. Penning the caption for the photo dump, the songstress simply wrote the words: "Beylloween fun."
Fans were in love with her looks and immediately flooded the comments with messages gushing over the tribute to the sexy actress. One fan wrote: "Pamela is gonna be very happy when she sees this in the morning."
A second user was confused as to why Bey was celebrating Halloween so late, penning: "It's literally November 5th, what do you MEAN Halloween post?" Whilst a third defended: "We do not deserve her, how could anyone hate this woman or have anything negative to say about her?"
Her inspiration for the outfits may have come after she ran into the legendary actress at Glamour's Women of the Year Awards ceremony last month. The looks come as Bey continues to flash the cash as she rakes in money from her latest album Cowboy Carter.
Bringing in an eye-watering £30million, the album broke records as it became Spotify's most streamed release of the year in just one day. With 27 tracks, the album had features from country greats including Dolly Parton and Willie Nelson, as well as other pop sensations including Post Malone and Miley Cyrus.
Speaking about the release of the album, a source from within the music industry told the Sun newspaper that anything Beyoncé touches turns to gold. "Beyonce has cleverly tapped into a hugely lucrative area which is often ignored by artists from other genres," they said.
"She’s bulldozed the door down and reworked the style and sound perfectly," they added. "It’s a genius move, which she has pulled off with aplomb and intelligence by really doing her homework and justice to the genre."
For more of the latest showbiz and TV news from the Daily Star, make sure you sign up for one of our newsletters here.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.