Broadway + NYC
Broadway
Off-Broadway
Off-Off Broadway
Cabaret
Dance
Opera
Classical Music
United States
Eastern
Central
Western
Minneapolis / St. Paul
Connecticut
Atlanta
Chicago
Los Angeles
Central New York
West End
WEST END
UK Regional
International
Canada
Australia / New Zealand
Europe
Asia
Latin America
Africa / Middle East
Entertainment
TV/Movies
Music
The reading will take place on Friday, May 3, 2024.
POPULAR
There will be a private industry presentation of the new musical SWITCHED on Friday, May 3, 2024.  The new musical will feature a book by Geoffrey Nauffts (Next Fall), music & lyrics by Jonatha Brooke (My Mother Has 4 Noses), with Nadia DiGiallonardo (Waitress) serving as Music Director.
The invitation-only presentation will feature Erich Bergen (Madame Secretary), Heidi Blickenstaff (Jagged Little Pill), Aisha de Haas (Caroline, or Change), Kate Jennings Grant (Pretty Little Liars), Ashley D. Kelley (Shucked), Julia Knitel (Dead Outlaw), Jo Lampert (Orlando), Beth Malone (Fun Home), Brandi Porter (Purlie Victorious), Douglas Sills (The Gilded Age),  Jason Tam (Be More Chill), Quinn VanAntwerp (Shucked), Kuhoo Verma (Plan B).
 For general inquires, please email: switchedthemusical@gmail.com
A musical fable, a little bit quirky and a little outside the box, SWITCHED tells the story of two women who find out a shocking secret just days before their 40th birthday.  Strangers to each other yet deeply connected in a way neither of them had ever asked for, we follow them as they revisit their pasts to try and figure out who it is they were supposed to have been. Both emotional and funny, SWITCHED, is a compelling exploration of longing and forgiveness, nature versus nurture, and the secrets we keep in the name of love.
Jonatha Brooke (Composer/Lyricist) Jonatha is a highly acclaimed singer/songwriter with 4 major label releases, and 9 CDs on her own label, Bad Dog Records.  She has written for film and television, including Disney’s Peter Pan and Tinkerbell series, and the theme for Joss Whedon’s Dollhouse; as well as for artists - Katy Perry, Madeleine Peyroux, Lizz Wright, and Joe Sample. Her One-Woman Musical, My Mother Has 4 Noses debuted at the Duke Theater Off Broadway in 2014 and was a Critic's pick in the NY Times and NY Post. 
Geoffrey Nauffts (Book Writer) Formerly an actor, Nauffts has been writing and producing for television for the past 15 years on popular shows like Brothers & Sisters, Nashville, and A Million Little Things.  SWITCHED marks his much-anticipated (mostly by him) return to the stage after receiving a Drama Desk, Outer Critics Circle, and Tony nominations in 2010 for his critically acclaimed play, Next Fall.
Christopher J. Hanke (Producer) would rather you focus on Geoffrey and Jonatha’s accolades…..but, if we must, On Broadway, Hanke’s credits include How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying (Bud Frump), Rent (Mark), Cry-Baby (Baldwin) and In My Life (JT). Other New York City standout performances include: Jon Tolins’ hit comedy, Buyer & Cellar, and The Public Theater's Shakespeare in the Park production of Hair, where he played Claude.  Hanke also played Tommy Boatwright in The Normal Heart directed by George C. Wolfe.   On television, He played Devon on three seasons of Odd Mom Out (BRAVO); had a recurring role on the sitcom Kevin Can Wait (CBS); played Fabian in the last season of Devious Maids; was a series regular as Ryan Abbot on Three Rivers (CBS); had a recurring role as Stuart on HBOs Big Love; and has guest starred on Nashville, Major Crimes, The Client List, Brothers & Sisters, & Younger.  Other standout credits, the feature film Breaking Fast and the smash hit new musical podcast, Anthem, alongside Patti LuPone, Glenn Close, Cynthia Erivo and Jon Cameron Mitchell.  More recently, a miniseries for HBO, I Know This Much Is True, opposite Mark Ruffalo and Imogen Poots; and shooting two seasons simultaneously on two different networks – starring as Dr. Ashley Anderson on A Million Little Things for ABC and as Gregg on The Resident for FOX.
Madeline Ashton is the most beautiful actress (just ask her) ever to grace the stage and screen. Helen Sharp is the long-suffering author (just ask her) who lives in her shadow. They have always been the best of frenemies… until Madeline steals Helen’s fiancé away. As Helen plots revenge and Madeline clings to her rapidly fading star, their world is suddenly turned upside down by Viola Van Horn, a mysterious woman with a secret that’s to die for.  After one sip of Viola’s magical potion, Madeline and Helen begin a new era of life (and death) with their youth and beauty restored…and a grudge to last eternity. Life’s a bitch and then you die. Or not!
BroadwayWorld is saddened to report the passing of Tony-nominated actor Stephen Mo Hanan. Hanan passed away on April 3, 2025 at his home in Manhattan.
Actors' Equity Association is raising alarm over President Donald Trump’s latest budget proposal, which calls for the elimination of federal funding for the National Endowment for the Arts (NEA) and other cultural agencies.
A bevy of Broadway’s brightest stars - from icons Jennifer Holliday and Andrea Martin to show-stopping newcomers Tom Francis and Jasmine Amy Rogers - lit up the Al Hirschfeld Theatre on April 28, 2025, at the inaugural Broadway Dream Roles. Get a first look at highlights from the event!
Jordan Litz and his Wicked co-stars have returned with another installment of the 'Swankified Stairwell Sessions.' This time, they video features Allie Trimm and Mary Kate Morrissey for a performance of 'What Is This Feeling?'
Videos
Recommended For You
Sign up for announcements, and exclusive discounts on tickets to your favorite shows!
© 2025 - Copyright Wisdom Digital Media, all rights reserved. Privacy Policy