Grade: 3.5/5.0
The throned ranger rides again. 
It’s been two years since Beyoncé (affectionately Queen Bey) released Renaissance, her ode to the opulence of Black and queer created house music. It was on track fourteen that she decreed “America Has a Problem” — and she is it. “I see you watchin’/ I know you want it/ I know you need it,” she coos, the metaphor heavily laced. She’s just too sticky and everlasting, her grip on America’s zeitgeist unmatched. 
Enter Cowboy Carter on Mar. 29, the album cover depicting Beyoncé riding atop a white stallion, American flag larger than life in hand. If the literal grip on the country’s symbol is too on the nose, consider the fact that the album’s first two singles were announced in a Super Bowl commercial. 
Eight years later and country music has been one of the fastest growing genres on streaming platforms, having its own renaissance over the past few years. The style has seeped into pop culture — from the cowboy boot boom in 2022 to the hot pink, star-studded cowboy Barbie in the “Barbie” movie. Cowboy Carter pulls out all the stops to show that she knows what she’s talking about, and she knows that she belongs. She’s done the research and the facts are on her side. 
Conceptually, the album is structured around a fictional radio station, specifically “KNTRY Radio,” which country music enfant terrible Willie Nelson drawls during his features. This parallels KNTY 4 News, the fictional broadcast news channel that made a recurring appearance during the Renaissance tour. This switch from news to radio speaks to the wider project of Cowboy Carter — curation over revelation. 
What results is a borderline postmodern, metatextual take on the country music genre. Her choice in samples and interpolation are never seamless, designed to stick out and near excessive proof that she’s done her homework.
A few of the tracks on the album veer so far into country conventions that they border on parody, with “TEXAS HOLD EM” being the most overstated. The song’s a blast, partially because of how hokey it is, filled to the brim with country stock phrases. The same could be said about “16 CARRIAGES,” anthemic and soaked in grandeur, which reframes Beyoncé’s early days as an artist into the trappings of a western fairytale. 
Leaning so hard into the shtick produces some of the most fun songs on the album. “BODYGUARD” is a swig of whiskey and breath of sultry ocean air. “LEVII’S JEANS,” which features Post Malone, grooves and is also certified goofy. It’s touchy feely, with a sentimental sensuality that paints the listener into a voyeur. 
“YA YA,” which feels genetically engineered to tear a roof off the sucker, is total genre pastiche. Beginning with a sampling of Nancy Sinatra’s “These Boots are Made for Walking,” the song features sonic allusions to James Brown, Elvis and the Beach Boys. The latter two artist’s “borrowing” from Black musicians is well canonized, speaking to the greater cultural work of the album — reclaiming the space that Black country pioneers were pushed out of for the sake of a white supremacist patriotism.   
At a closer look, the political project of Cowboy Carter feels underdeveloped and, at times, clunky. “AMERIICAN REQUIEM,” the albums palatial entry point, acts as the album’s thesis. Powered by prismatic harmonies, Beyoncé gestures toward crafting a new understanding of American identity, one that includes the marginalized communities often pushed out. Considering the album’s genesis comes from the racist reaction to her performance at the Country Music Awards in 2016 and that it is the second in an album trilogy speculated to center around Black contributions to American music history, the motivation is clear. Yet by the album's close, this goal is unrealized, often talked about much more than actually worked toward. 
The album is at its best when the focus is on making music that speaks for itself, rather than relying on overt allusions and references. In “FLAMENCO,” one of the shortest tracks, the album’s towering harmonies are given a chance to shine over minimal background noise. Over the Spanish guitar, she’s emotionally indulgent, bolstered by a melody that switches between heavenly and haunting. On an album that so often feels desperate to prove itself, it’s in the brief moments of reprieve that the reclamatory work is truly done. 
We're an independent student-run newspaper, and need your support to maintain our coverage.
Join our weekly newsletter!
CHECK OUT OUR MOST RECENT PRINT EDITION
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: