Beyoncé has an impressive list of collaborators on her new album “Cowboy Carter” — and one of them is none other than music legend Stevie Wonder.
After accepting the Innovator Award at the iHeartRadio Music Awards at the Dolby Theatre in Los Angeles Monday night, the “Texas Hold ‘Em” singer gushed over the 25-time Grammy winner who handed her the gong.
“Now, Beyoncé is once again changing music and culture,” Wonder said of her latest record. “And when she’s not changing music, she’s changing the world, fighting the good fight.”
As the mom of three accepted the award, she thanked the “I Wish” hitmaker for “making a way for all of us.”
“And thank you for playing the harmonica on ‘Jolene,’” she added.
“Tonight, you called me an innovator and for that, I’m very grateful,” the 32-time Grammy winner said. “Innovation starts with a dream. But then you have to execute that dream and that role can be very bumpy. Being an innovator is saying what everyone believes is impossible.”
“Being an innovator often means being criticized, which often will test your mental strength. Being an innovator is leaning on faith, trusting that God will catch you and guide you,” she added.
Beyoncé addressed labels, radio stations, and award shows to be “more open to the joy and liberation that comes from enjoying art with no preconceived notions.”
She then named several black artists, including Rosetta Tharpe, Linda Martell, Tina Turner, Michael Jackson, Wonder, who have dedicated their lives “and their art to creating shifts.”
She also gave a special shout out to her husband, Jay-Z, and their three children.
The singer’s country music-inspired record dropped on Friday.
“Cowboy Carter” has a medley of guest singers and surprise collaborators, including Willie Nelson, Dolly Parton, Miley Cyrus, and Post Malone.
The much-anticipated eighth studio album follows her 2022 release titled “Act I: Renaissance.”
Other yee-haw-inducing songs on Beyoncé’s album are “Texas Hold ‘Em,” “16 Carriages,” “Bodyguard,” and “Oh Louisiana.”
Beyoncé revealed earlier this month what led her to create her new music, noting that her ill-received 2016 CMA performance with the Chicks is what motivated her.
Advertisement