As an Amazon Associate, we earn commission from qualifying purchases.
As he burns a path through WWE in an effort to claim world championship gold and fulfill his destiny, “The American Nightmare” Cody Rhodes will be featured on the Standard Edition cover. Multi-time champions and Women’s Royal Rumble winners Bianca Belair and Rhea Ripley share the Deluxe Edition cover, marking the first time in history two women have graced a dedicated WWE 2K cover, while the Forty Years of WrestleMania Edition cover features original artwork celebrating the most iconic Superstars and Legends in WrestleMania history, including The Rock, The Undertaker, Hulk Hogan, “Stone Cold” Steve Austin, and more
WWE 2K24 features several franchise advancements, including 2K Showcase…of the Immortals celebrating 40 years of WrestleMania, four new match types such as Ambulance and Special Guest Referee, two new MyRISE experiences, and much more.
In addition, fans can also look forward to a massive roster of more than 200* WWE Superstars and Legends including Roman Reigns, Andre the Giant, Becky Lynch, Batista, Kurt Angle, Asuka, Bret Hart, Brock Lesnar, “Macho Man” Randy Savage, Chyna, and more. Incredibly realistic graphics and improved animations – with over 90% of facial expressions updated – plus improvements to Ramp cameras and Dive cameras, and the ability to move the camera during live gameplay provide the most visually impressive WWE 2K experience to date. 
2K announced the planned WWE 2K24 DLC packs that will offer 25 additional playable Superstars and personalities across five unique collections, to be released between May and November 2024. Among the exciting new names coming to WWE 2K24 are “The Best in the World” CM Punk, WWE commentator, sports and pop culture personality Pat McAfee, music icon Post Malone, red-hot rising WWE Superstar Jade Cargill, WWE Legend Iron Sheik, and many more.
The entire DLC collection will be available for purchase in the WWE 2K24 Season Pass, which is included in the WWE 2K24 Deluxe Edition and Forty Years of WrestleMania Edition, or available as an add-on to the Standard Edition. Individual DLC packs will also be available as a stand-alone purchase. The WWE 2K24 Season Pass also includes the MyRISE Mega-Boost pack, which features an additional 200 Attribute Points, and the SuperCharger pack, automatically unlocking several iconic WWE Legends and additional arenas.
The WWE 2K24 DLC will feature 25 playable Superstars and additional bonus items, including:
ECW Punk Pack - May 2024
Post Malone & Friends Pack - June 2024
Pat McAfee Show Pack - July 2024
Global Superstars Pack - August 2024
WCW Pack - November 2024
Key Features:
WWE 2K24 Editions
WWE 2K24 features four editions of the game: Standard Edition, Standard Cross-Gen Digital Edition, Deluxe Edition,and Forty Years of WrestleMania Edition:
WWE 2K24 Deluxe Edition and Forty Years of WrestleMania Edition are scheduled for worldwide release on Tuesday, March 5, 2024, followed by the Standard Edition and Standard Cross-Gen Digital Edition on Friday, March 8, 2024.
WWE 2K24 is coming to PS4, PS5, Xbox One, Xbox Series X|S and PC (Steam) on March 8, 2024.
*Some Superstars require unlocking via gameplay, or pre-order purchase.
**WWE 2K24 and internet access required to play MyFACTION content. Online Account (13+) required to access online features. See www.take2games.com/legal and www.take2games.com/privacy for additional details.
***Purchase by 4/14/24. Must redeem between 3/12/24 and 5/31/24. Offer limited to US customers who are 18+ only. Offer available with a purchase of WWE 2K24. Offer includes one month of access to Peacock Premium at no extra cost (a $5.99 value), available to new Peacock subscribers only who have purchased and installed WWE 2K24 and linked their 2K Account (2K Accounts are free. After offer ends, plan auto-renews at the then-current retail price (plus tax) until you cancel. Code for Peacock Premium Subscription will be delivered via email to the email associated with the linked 2K Account. Eligibility restrictions and terms apply. See https://www.peacocktv.com/offer-terms/2k for full terms, availability, redemption, and cancellation instructions.
****Pre-Order Bonus Offers: Nightmare Family Pack pre-order bonus offer available through March 14, 2024. Pre-order WWE 2K24 Standard Edition and receive the Nightmare Family Pack, which includes four playable characters and three gold-tier MyFACTION cards (Dusty Rhodes ’76, Mattel Cody Rhodes, and Pharoah (Manager). The Nightmare Family Pack is included with Deluxe and Forty Years of WrestleMania editions. For digital pre-orders, items will be automatically entitled in-game. For physical pre-orders, items will be redeemed in game via code provided in box. Terms apply. Pre-order WWE 2K24 Standard Edition (Digital) on any platform through March 14, 2024 and receive a digital copy of WWE 2K23 Standard Edition for the same platform. Digital copy of WWE 2K23 will be automatically entitled and available to download following pre-order. WWE 2K23 must be downloaded to the platform account used to pre-order WWE 2K24 and is non-transferable. Offer not available to platform accounts that already own WWE 2K23 on the same platform. Terms apply.
*****Based on WWE 2K23's Metacritic scores on PS5, Xbox Series X|S and PC as of December 19, 2023.
******PlayStation 5 console required to play PS5 version. PlayStation 4 console required to play PS4 version. Xbox Series X|S console required to play Xbox Series X|S version. Xbox One console required to redeem and use Xbox One version.
*******For digital orders, post-launch Forty Years of WrestleMania Pack content and DLC will be automatically delivered on release for PC users, available for download in the PlayStation store/Library tile for PS4 and PS5 users, and available for download in Microsoft Store for Xbox users. For physical orders, post-launch DLC will be available upon release and redeemed in game via code provided in box. DLC will also be available for purchase separately.