Broadway + NYC
Broadway
Off-Broadway
Off-Off Broadway
Cabaret
Dance
Opera
Classical Music
United States
Eastern
Central
Western
Minneapolis / St. Paul
Connecticut
Atlanta
Chicago
Los Angeles
Central New York
West End
WEST END
UK Regional
International
Canada
Australia / New Zealand
Europe
Asia
Latin America
Africa / Middle East
Entertainment
TV/Movies
Music
The show ran at the Paisley Arts Centre on November 9
POPULAR
Dementia the Musical is new piece of theatre that has been created with dementia activists for those living with dementia.
Written by Ron Coleman, this show was inspired by the lives of James McKillop, Nancy McAdam and Agnes Houston. The show celebrates the activism of the trio and the work they have done to change the perception of dementia.
Set in the not-too-distant future, three activists- James (Ross Allan), Agnes (Kirsty Malone) and Nancy (Fiona Wood) are taken from their homes by the authorities. They are promised something along the lines of a holiday or a break but it becomes apparent that they have been relocated to some sort of assisted living facility against their will.
There we meet Rigid System (Pauline Lockhart) who patronises the new residents and insists they can't possibly know what is best for them anymore. There's a strong sense of injustice here as the three characters are very clear about their current quality of life. They enjoy spending time with family and tending to their garden. All three are coherent and clear but Rigid System continues to talk over them and twist their words to try and convince the audience they need to be in this accommodation.
Dementia the Musical originally started out as a play and although some of the added songs are amusing, they feel unnecessary most of the time. However, the final song "Loud and Clear" gives a nice moment of unity as the audience joins in with a singalong.   
As the show is based on real people, it's a lovely touch to have them shown on screen in the show. Another nice moment was to have ex-journalist Willy Gilder appear on local news reports updating the public about these troublesome activists. 
It's a subtle and gentle show that manages to avoid cliches and give a personal view of living with dementia. 
Hosted by the Edinburgh International Festival, Festivals Edinburgh, and the City of Edinburgh Council, the Arts Festivals Summit 2025 of the European Festivals Association's (EFA) welcomed over 200 festival professionals for a four-day conversation about festivals, arts, and the role of arts festivals.
The cast has been announced for the new comedy drama The Sunshine Spa Monday 19th – Sunday 24th May 2025, 1pm at Òran Mór, Byres Road, Glasgow, G12 8QX.
Angry Fish Theatre and The Ally Artists Group wil present The Waiting Room, an AI-driven immersive experience previewing in NYC May 28–June 1 at Mabou Mines, ahead of its 2025 world premiere at the Edinburgh Fringe Festival.
The National Council of Actors' Equity Association, the union representing more than 51,000 professional performers and stage managers working in live theatre across the country, has voted unanimously to authorize a strike for the workers of The Second City in Chicago at the discretion of their lead negotiator.
Videos
Scotland SHOWS
Recommended For You
Sign up for announcements, and exclusive discounts on tickets to your favorite shows!
© 2025 - Copyright Wisdom Digital Media, all rights reserved. Privacy Policy