Bud Light and 9x RIAA diamond-certified, GRAMMY® Award-nominated phenomenon Post Malone have officially partnered together again as they head to the epicenter of country music for “A Night in Nashville” that will bring fans 21+ closer to one of most highly anticipated album releases of the year. This event will feature an exclusive night of live music from Post Malone in Nashville, TN on Tuesday, July 16th, featuring music from his forthcoming album as well as the classics. 
“Bud Light has rocked with me for a while now, and I really can’t thank them enough for all the love and support they’ve shown through the years.” said Post Malone. “July 16th is going to be a kick ass night and I can’t wait to share what I’ve been working on with everybody.”
Starting today, country music fans can direct message Bud Light’s Instagram or Facebook “A Night In Nashville” for information on how to enter for a chance to win tickets to one of the hottest shows of the summer through Bud Light’s Easy Wishes platform.
“Post Malone is the hottest artist in the world and a loyal Bud Light partner and true fan of the brand. Bud Light has been so lucky to have a front row seat to his remarkable career over the years and we couldn’t be more excited to embark on this new era with him,” said Todd Allen, SVP of Marketing for Bud Light. “Bud Light is bringing the best of country music to fans all summer long and ‘A Night in Nashville’ is the epitome of a true once-in-a-lifetime country experience we know fans will never forget.”
Bud Light’s partnership with Post Malone expands the brand’s deep presence within country music as the brand builds off of its decades-long history of bringing fans unparalleled access to live music, through experiences like the Bud Light Backyard Tour and the Bud Light Dive Bar Tour Series. Throughout 2024, the brand is showing up at the biggest country music moments like Stagecoach and CMA Fest, and teaming up with some of the biggest artists in country music.
To follow along with the latest updates on the Bud Light music platform, visit BudLight.com and follow Bud Light on Facebook at Facebook.com/BudLight, on Twitter at @BudLight, and on Instagram at @BudLight. 
### 
About Bud Light  
The Bud Light brand name represents a family of products including Bud Light and Bud Light Seltzer, each crafted for a refreshingly easy drinking experience. Since 1982, Bud Light products have captivated the senses and set the standard for enjoyment, consistently delivering a crisp, clean finish. Bud Light remains as the number 1 beer brand in volume sales (Circana MULC) with its premium American light lager, brewed with four simple ingredients, that represents the pinnacle of quality and flavor. For more information about Bud Light and our full family of products, visit www.BudLight.com.  
About Anheuser-Busch 
At Anheuser-Busch, our purpose is to create a future with more cheers. We are committed to earning our place in the moments that matter to our consumers and making a meaningful impact in our communities across the country. For more than 165 years, Anheuser-Busch has carried on a legacy of brewing great-tasting, high-quality beers that have satisfied beer drinkers for generations.
Today, we own and operate more than 120 facilities, including breweries, wholesaler distribution centers, agricultural facilities, and packaging plants, and have a dedicated network of more than 65,000 hardworking Americans across the United States who bring our beer to life. We are home to several of America’s most iconic beer and beyond beer brands, including Michelob ULTRA, Cutwater Spirits, Stella Artois, Budweiser, and Bud Light as well as regional brands that provide beer drinkers with a choice of the best-tasting craft beers in the industry. From our industry-leading efforts to support American farmers and our nation’s military, veterans, and first responders to emergency drinking water donations and responsible drinking programs, we are guided by our unwavering commitment to supporting the communities we call home – that’s who we are. For more information, visit www.anheuser-busch.com or follow Anheuser-Busch on LinkedIn, X, Facebook, and Instagram.
( Press Release Image: https://photos.webwire.com/prmedia/8/323426/323426-1.jpg )
WebWireID323426
This news content was configured by WebWire editorial staff. Linking is permitted.
News Release Distribution and Press Release Distribution Services Provided by WebWire.