By
Lauren Boisvert
Two singing competition alums—Dalton Dover from season 16 of The Voice and Bryce Leatherwood who won season 22 of the show—have joined forces for a fun cover of Post Malone and Blake Shelton’s new single “Pour Me A Drink.” The two friends posted the cover on Instagram, in which they’re drinking beers while backed by two guitar players. 
“Me and my brother [Dalton Dover] had to give y’all our rendition of this BADASS song,” Bryce Leatherwood captioned the video. “What do y’all think of this duet?” Fans gathered in the comments to share love for the cover, as well as poke a little fun. 
“Make sure [to] eat before you pour to [sic] many drinks,” one fan joked. Another person wrote, “Looks like you two are having a good time. And your singing is great together.” Yet another person commented, “The collab we all needed yet didn’t quite know it.”
Dalton and Bryce look like they’re having a fun time together with this song, singing animatedly and joking around with each other while they give a tip of the hat to their former coach, Shelton. 
A post shared by Bryce Leatherwood (@bryceleatherwood)
[RELATED: Adam Levine Eyeing a Reunion With Blake Shelton on ‘The Voice’?]
More than likely, Shelton’s time with the singing competition has come to an end. Still, his frenemy Adam Levine can dream. 
When season 27 of The Voice kicks off, Levine will be returning to his big red chair. And while new names such as Kelsea Ballerini and Michael Bublé will be accompanying him, recent rumors point toward Levine eyeing a reunion with Shelton. 
“Adam has got some ideas, and he’s not afraid to share them, especially when it comes to his fellow coaches,” an insider told Like & Style. “Adam would love it if Blake Shelton came back. He knows that their bromance would make headlines again and boost ratings—Adam is definitely stirring the pot!”
While The Voice fans would love to see Shelton return to the series he was crowned champion of on nine separation occasions, they shouldn’t hold their breath. 
Featured Image via Instagram/Bryce Leatherwood
Only members can comment. Become a member. Already a member? Log in.
The Shocking Story of How Ozzy Osbourne Cheated Death in 2003
4 Songs with the Most Iconic Intros in Country Music
Watch Aerosmith’s Steven Tyler and Joe Perry Perform Together for the First Time in Two Years

			© 2025 American Songwriter			American Songwriter: a Savage Ventures Brand