Home    Forums    Music    Grammys 2025 Predictions (Part 9)
Get real!  Post Malone is NOT getting a bunch of nominations.  Pure delusion.  His awful song with Morgan ‘Racist’ Wallen is NOT happening.
It’s a risky move for the Grammys to snub Taylor everywhere. If it happens, they probably would expand the number of nominees to include her, just like they did in the past. And her not showing up is bad news for media and TV viewership. At least I see her in AOTY. But I would predict AOTY, BPSP (if “Cruel Summer” is the submission), and BPDGP. I’m not sure but is The Eras Tour movie eligible for this ceremony? Because that could be another nom. 
When they expanded the nominees back in 2022, why wasn’t she added in for ROTY & SOTY? If you said they only did it just to include her, don’t you think she would’ve been added into those categories as well? Hell, the whole last minute extension thing was a waste of time. Every nominee that benefited from it that year didn’t even win.
If I had to guess our main winners right now:
Record of the Year
Hozier – “Too Sweet”
Album of the Year
Billie Eilish – HIT ME HARD AND SOFT
Song of the Year
“BIRDS OF A FEATHER”
Billie Eilish & FINNEAS, songwriters (Billie Eilish)
Best New Artist
Chappell Roan
Best Pop Solo Performance
Chappell Roan – “Good Luck, Babe!”
Best Pop Duo/Group Performance
The Beatles – “Now And Then”
Best Pop Vocal Album
Sabrina Carpenter – Short n’ Sweet
Best Music Video
Kendrick Lamar – “Not Like Us”
I’m expecting a “Get real! (Someone) is NOT winning (some category)” from Gucci
Sabrina Carpenter is not winning Pop Vocal Album! Pure delusion!
If I had to guess our main winners right now:
Record of the Year
Hozier – “Too Sweet”
Yeah, this seems right
For your 2026 Grammy consideration
Best Dance/Electronic Album:
Anti Up - What Is Life
Zed’s Dead - Return to the Spectrum of Intergalactic Happiness 
Best Dance/Electronic Recording:
Anyma & Ellie Goulding - “Hypnotized”
Sub Focus featuring Katy B - “Push The Tempo”
Zeds Dead - “One of These Mornings”
The Weeknd had the BIGGEST song in 2020 with “Blinding Lights”. Remember how many nominations he got from it & his album?
No one, not even Taylor Alison Swift herself, is in any award by default.
You mean the controversy that ended the committees? The controversy that proved label heads were playing politics in the nominating process? Yes, thank you for reminding us that the committee screwed over “Blinding Lights” and were rightfully outed for it
For your 2026 Grammy consideration
Best Dance/Electronic Album:
Anti Up - What Is Life
Zed’s Dead - Return to the Spectrum of Intergalactic Happiness 
Best Dance/Electronic Recording:
Anyma & Ellie Goulding - “Hypnotized”
Sub Focus featuring Katy B - “Push The Tempo”
Zeds Dead - “One of These Mornings”
I also believe Blinding Lights would have made it onto a straight ballot but was replaced by some committee option (Rockstar or ITWWE). 
It's me... Hi
female albums with most weeks on top in the soundscan era:
21
bodyguard
jagged little pill
tortured poets department
fearless
1989
the only argument for predicting a snub is “i find her annoying so want to will it into being”
Album Of The Year Hit Me Hard and Soft
Record Of The Year Texas Hold ‘Em
Song Of The Year Good Luck, Babe!
Best New Artist Chappell Roan
Best Pop Vocal Album Hit Me Hard and Soft
Best Pop Solo Performance Espresso
Best Pop Duo/Group Performance Now and Then
Best Music Video Not Like Us
 When they expanded the nominees back in 2022, why wasn’t she added in for ROTY & SOTY? If you said they only did it just to include her, don’t you think she would’ve been added into those categories as well? Hell, the whole last minute extension thing was a waste of time. Every nominee that benefited from it that year didn’t even win. 
Because “willow” probably wasn’t #9 or #10 to be in included
when you saw the dead little bird you started crying, but you know the killer doesn’t understand • how did I go from growing up to breaking down? • old habits die screaming • girl, how do you feel being a girl? • things I once enjoyed just keep me employed now • meet me behind the mall
Album Of The Year: Cowboy Carter
Record Of The Year: Espresso
Song Of The Year: Birds Of A Feather
Best New Artist: Chappell Roan
Best Pop Vocal Album: Hit Me Hard and Soft
Best Pop Solo Performance: Espresso
Best Pop/Duo Group Performance: II Most Wanted
Best Music Video: Not Like Us
Charli is the cover of Today’s Top Hit and 360 is the #1 of playlist, she’s coming
female albums with most weeks on top in the soundscan era: 21 bodyguard jagged little pill tortured poets department fearless 1989 the only argument for predicting a snub is “i find her annoying so want to will it into being” 
Real hit albums with hit songs that everybody heard of vs manipulated for charts album that nobody heard with not a single hit song
Get real!  “Not Like Us” is NOT winning Best Music Video.  Pure delusion.
I think Fortnight will miss both SOTY and ROTY. It doesn’t make any sense because it’s doing good in charts but I have a gut feeling about it lmaoooo
The topic ‘Grammys 2025 Predictions (Part 9)’ is closed to new replies.
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…

				1 hour ago			

				56 mins ago			

				1 hour ago			

				2 hours ago			

				2 hours ago			

				2 hours ago			

				4 hours ago			

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media