By KELSI KARRULI FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  23:18, 29 April 2024   |  Updated:  23:24, 29 April 2024   
 69
View  comments
Celebrities dusted off their cowboy boots and Western hats as they turned the country fest Stagecoach into a star-studded party and brought Hollywood to the desert.
A slew of A-listers headed to Indio, California, over the weekend to attend the sold-out music festival, which was headlined by Eric Church, Miranda Lambert, and Morgan Wallen.
Country music has been making a comeback in the last year after cowboy hats became the ultimate symbol of luxury and stars went gaga over Western-themed looks following Beyoncé's throw of her musical lasso in a new direction by entering the country industry with album Cowboy Carter. 
And it looks like the biggest names in Hollywood aren't ready to give up their Western swing just yet as stars like Megan Fox, Kendall Jenner, Dixie D'Amelio and Diplo all attended country music's biggest party, which welcomed an 80,000-person-crowd each day, and boasted their cowboy-themed looks. 
Celebrities dusted off their cowboy boots and Western hats as they turned the country fest Stagecoach into a star-studded party and brought Hollywood to the desert (MGK and Megan seen)
A slew of A-listers headed to Indio, California over the weekend to attend the sold-out music festival, which was headlined by Eric Church, Miranda Lambert, and Morgan Wallen (Dixie seen)
And it looks like the biggest names in Hollywood aren't ready to give up their Western swing just yet as stars like Megan Fox, Kendall Jenner, and Megan Moroney (seen) all attended country music's biggest party
Among the famous faces to put on an eye-catching display were Megan, 37, and Machine Gun Kelly, 34, who showcased their love for each other despite the rumors of a bitter split.
The couple looked relaxed and were photographed slow dancing together in a move that shut down speculations regarding a potential breakup. 
Megan put her curves on full display as she donned a black tank top with black Daisy Duke shorts.
She finished the look by tying a black bandana around her neck and draping a black leather jacket behind her back.
The Expendables 4 actress wore her long locks tinted light blue which she styled in crimped waves.
Boyfriend MGK opted for a daring look as he went shirtless beneath a black leather jacket with a black and white collar and cuffs.
The Don't Let Me Go artist wore beige pants adorned with a silver chain and a chunky black belt.
His blonde hair was brushed forward and he accessorized with several bits of bling.
Amid rumors of a bitter split, Megan, 37, and Machine Gun Kelly , 34, showed off their love for each other at the festival
Brunette beauty and model Kendall, 28, also graced the country party with her presence and even got VIP treatment while there
Kendall Jenner, 28, put on a cheeky display at Stagecoach over the weekend. She seemed to borrow a page from big sister Kim Kardashian's style and exhibited her toned backside
Model Kendall, 28, also graced the country party with her presence and even got VIP treatment while there. 
The brunette beauty arrived to Stagecoach in a golf cart with the rest of her entourage. 
She opted for a lowkey ensemble that consisted of jeans, tan jacket, baseball cap and black boots.
The star sat in the backseat of the golf cart as a festival employee drove her and her friends around the venue.
She later put on a cheeky display as she showed off her envious physique in a slew of snaps that proved just how much fun she was having. 
Kendall sported a pair of high-waisted tan leggings while enjoying a backstage pass at the country music festival.
The runway beauty donned a white T-shirt, which she pulled tightly around her waist and knotted at the back.
Dixie boasted her various Western-themed looks on social media
A slew of reality TV stars including Jason Oppenheim and Mary Fitzgerald attended the event 
Another couple who used the Country music fest to boast their feelings for each other were Marc Este and Kristin Cavallari
She let her long brown tresses fall effortlessly down her back as she gave the camera a grin. 
Lovebirds Kristen Doute and Luke Broderick also followed in MGK and Megan's footsteps by boasting their romance. 
The Vanderpump Rules alum met Luck in 2022 and the pair have been going strong since. At Stagecoach, they made sure to showcase their love affair as they shared a passionate kiss while donning all denim. 
Other couples who used the country music fest to boast their feelings for each other were Marc Este and Kristin Cavallari as well as actor Taylor Lautner and wife Tay. 
Brandi Cyrus was another big name to make country music cool again as she rocked out in a cowboy hat and a denim racer jacket. 
She posed for several photos at PrettyLittleThing's Gifting Suite Experience, which was set up at the Stagecoach Festival in Indio, California, on Sunday. 
Diplo and Guy Fieri also made themselves known at country's biggest party and donned denim on denim 
Brandi Cyrus was another big name to make country music cool again as she rocked out in a cowboy hat and a denim racer jacket
Kendall posed with her entourage as they jammed out to country's greatest hits 
Miranda Lambert and Reba (seen) showed off their country roots at the event
The 36-year-old television personality appeared to be thoroughly enjoying her time at the installation, during which she pretended to ride a mechanical bull.
The actress showed off a portion of her midriff in a white crop top, which was worn underneath a button-up denim jacket.
She also donned a silver miniskirt, which exposed much of her sculpted legs and thighs during the music festival.
The DJ appeared to be embracing the western theme of the event, as she sported a pair of white cowboy boots and a jet-black wide-brimmed hat.
A slew of influencers also attended the event - including TikTok sensation and singer Dixie. 
The 22-year-old Be Happy songstress put her best boot forward and rocked various Western-themed looks while at the festival. 
The blonde beauty showed off her toned abs while sporting a black bra, black cowboy hat and denim jeans. 
Addison Rae also brought her TikTok stardom to Stagecoach while sporting a white dress and pink wig
Post Malone was one of the many singers to wow with their performance
The event has been nicknamed 'Coachella's little sister' for its similarities to the music festival, and because it draws a smaller crowd
The following day, Dixie donned a micro skirt and a brown top and put her love for country music on full display. 
TikTok star Addison Rae also showed her Western beauty at Stagecoach as she shared a slew of snaps that showed her partying in a white dress while donning a pink wig. 
Stagecoach headliners this year were Eric Church, Miranda Lambert and Morgan Wallen with Post Malone, Willie Nelson, Megan Moroney and Jelly Roll also making appearances.
The event has been nicknamed 'Coachella's little sister' for its similarities to the music festival, and because it draws a smaller crowd. 
However, that could change by next year thanks to the various stars who seem to be campaigning to turn country music into the top genre.  

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group