Gogglebox fans were relieved to find out that fan-favourites Tom and Julie Malone were safe and well after arriving in Jamaica just days before the hurricane hit the island.
The couple, who joined the Channel 4 show back in 2014 headed to the Caribbean earlier this week for their summer holiday. But shortly after arriving they were informed that Hurricane Beryl was on its way after causing mass destruction in Grenada, St Lucia and Barbados.
Sharing the news with his followers, Tom posted a video and said: "Hello everybody here from sunny Jamaica. And now they've told us there's a hurricane on the way. I book a nice holiday for Julie, there's a hurricane coming, isn't there? It might miss us, it might not, but knowing my luck it's going to head straight for Jamaica isn't it? We'll keep you informed anyway."
The hurricane was initially categorised as a four but soon went up to a five. After news emerged that the hurricane was in Jamaica, Tom reassured fans: "Good morning, just to say the hurricane has been and gone now." And Julie added: "We've been very well looked after and we were kept very safe." Turning the camera around, he showed fans that the heavy wind and rain had caused a tree to fall down.
Tom continued: "It was a bit windy and there's a bit of damage. A tree has fallen down." Julie then chimed in and said: "There's a lot of roofs off in places and electrical wires down." The caption read: "Thank you for all you concern, we are fine! [heart] Jamaica x." And fans were quick to express their relief. One person wrote: "Glad you safe, bet it was a scary experience. Enjoy the rest of your holidays." Another person said: "I've been holding my breath for your post, now I can breathe knowing your safe."
When the couple first appeared on the reality TV show, they were joined by their sons Shaun and Tom Jnr but Tom left the show in 2021. It has been a little over a month since the final episode of the latest season aired. Channel 4 have not yet confirmed the transmission date of the new season but Jenny Newby and Lee Riley let the cat out of the bag. They told fans the hit show will return in September.
In May, speaking of the last episode, they told fans on their shared Instagram account: "Enjoy the show and see you all in September, have a lovely summer whatever you do. Much love to you all, Jenny and Lee." When watching the celebrity version of the show, fans were baffled after noticing a change in Joe Swash's appearance.
viewers noticed a change in Joe's teeth. Sat snuggled on their cosy sofa in their Pickle Cottage home, viewers were certain he had some dental work done - and not subtly either. Taking to social media, one person wrote: "Has Joe Swash borrowed a pair of Stacey's spare teeth?" Another person said: "What's happened to Joe Swash' teeth?! He had lovely teef [teeth]."
But it wasn't just Joe that was put under the spotlight as Stacey also became the subject of discussion as they noticed she was cuddling a duck. One fan said: " Stacey Solomon seemed to be cuddling a duck!" "Am I going mad or is Stacey Solomon cuddling a duck?, " said another. And a third person added: "Stacey has, I think, a duck in a blanket? I need an explanation please." Stacey recently showcased new additions to her family as she brought home a few ducklings.
Explaining Joe's cosmetic work on his teeth, Stacey told her followers on Instagram earlier this year: "He [Joe] went out and got his teeth done and came back and expected me to be normal about it. He didn't even discuss it with his wife. Just went out and did it. Now, I'm not in control of Joe's body, he can do what he likes with his body, but how dare he do something without telling me."
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.