The Band is back together…sort of.
On Oct. 17, Eric Clapton, Van Morrison, Noah Kahan, Elvis Costello, Trey Anastasio, and more are teaming up for a one-night-only tribute to Robbie Robertson and The Band they’re calling ‘Life Is A Carnival: The Last Waltz’ at Los Angeles’ Kia Forum.
After that star-studded affair, the show is hitting the road.
From Oct. 19 through Nov. 16, Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers members Benmont Tench and Mike Campbell will re-create the iconic 1976 ‘The Last Waltz’ concert with icons like Ryan Bingham, Jamey Johnson, Don Was, John Medeski, and Dave Malone at events centers, ballrooms, theaters, palaces and halls all over North America.
That includes six (!) New York and Jersey stops.
First, The Band band will drop into Red Bank, NJ’s Count Basie Center for the Arts on Monday, Nov. 4.
After that, they’ll swing into New York City’s Beacon Theatre on Wednesday, Nov. 6, and Port Chester’s Capitol Theatre on Thursday, Nov. 7 and Friday, Nov. 8.
Finally, ‘The Last Waltz Tour’ caps things off in NY with gigs in Schenectady’s Proctors on Thursday, Nov. 14 and Rochester’s Kodak Center on Friday, Nov. 15.
Fans can purchase tickets for all upcoming Last Waltz shows on sites like Vivid Seats; the official on-sale for the non-Kia Forum dates is Friday, Aug. 16.
Vivid Seats is a secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand.
They have a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and will be delivered before the event.
A complete calendar including all tour dates, venues, and links to buy tickets can be found below.
A truly staggering number of artists are taking the stage on ‘The Last Waltz Tour.’ While we don’t know who the “and more” are, here’s everyone you can expect to see at a show should you attend:
As of now, 23 (!) acts are scheduled to perform at ‘Life Is a Carnival’ in Los Angeles
For a closer look, you can find all the artists on the impressive bill below.
A post shared by Robbie Robertson (@robbierobertsonofficial)
Love classic rock but don’t know which ’60s and ’70s icons are out and about this year?
We’ve got you covered.
Here are just five of our favorites you won’t want to miss live these next few months.
• Robert Plant
• Ringo Starr
• America
• Graham Nash
• Bob Dylan with Willie Nelson
Who else is out and about? Take a look at our list of the 52 biggest classic rockers on tour in 2024 to find out.
This article was written by Matt Levy, New York Post live events reporter. Levy stays up-to-date on all the latest tour announcements from your favorite musical artists and comedians, as well as Broadway openings, sporting events and more live shows – and finds great ticket prices online. Since he started his tenure at the Post in 2022, Levy has reviewed a Bruce Springsteen concert and interviewed Melissa Villaseñor of SNL fame, to name a few. Please note that deals can expire, and all prices are subject to change