We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
35 years later...
Dead Poets Society duo Ethan Hawke and Josh Charles have reunited in a new Taylor Swift music video.
Accompanying the track 'Fortnight', which comes from the singer-songwriter's latest studio album The Tortured Poets Department, the monochromatic video sees Swift and featured artist Post Malone together in an office, a chaotic motorway and later a lab.
Hawke and Charles, who played Todd Anderson and Knox Overstreet in the 1989 coming-of-age drama opposite Robin Williams, also make special cameos as scientists. 
Related: Ethan Hawke was "comfortable" filming Maya Hawke's sex scenes in new movie
Posting some behind-the-scenes snaps onto Instagram yesterday (April 19), Grammy Award winner Swift – she's won 14, to be exact – paid tribute to those who helped bring 'Fortnight' to life on screen.
"When I was writing the Fortnight music video, I wanted to show you the worlds I saw in my head that served as the backdrop for making this music," she captioned the images.
"Pretty much everything in it is a metaphor or a reference to one corner of the album or another. For me, this video turned out to be the perfect visual representation of this record and the stories I tell in it.
Related: Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour movie breaks new Disney+ record
"@postmalone blew me away on set as our tortured tragic hero and I'm so grateful to him for everything he put into this collaboration," continued Swift. 
"I'm still laughing from getting to work with the coolest guys on earth, @ethanhawke and @mrjoshcharles (tortured poets, meet your colleagues from down the hall, the dead poets). Thank you to everyone involved and everyone who has watched it!!"
In other news, Oscar-winning filmmaker Christopher Nolan commended the popstar for the unique release of her Eras Tour concert movie back in October. 
"Taylor Swift is about to show the studios, because her concert film is not being distributed by the studios, it's being distributed by a theatre owner, AMC, and it's going to make an enormous amount of money," was his reaction.
Reporter, Digital Spy 
Dan is a freelance entertainment journalist. Beginning his writing career in 2014, Dan's work first graced the pages of cult publications Starburst magazine and Little White Lies before moving onto Total Film, Digital Spy, NME and Yahoo Entertainment. 
In the film and TV universe, he kneels at the altar of Jim Carrey, Daniel Plainview, Mike Ehrmantraut and Paulie Walnuts.

Lorraine Kelly reveals she’s having surgery
Netflix drops first trailer for horror sequel
EastEnders' Michelle Collins explains Cindy return
Matt Damon spy trilogy now streaming for free
Emmerdale star breaks silence on dramatic split
Drag Race All Stars 10 confirms guest judges
Nolan's Batman trilogy is on TV this weekend
Tom Cruise on how he prepares for M:I stunts
First look at Avatar: Fire and Ash
This Morning star admits she feared being fired
Emmerdale's Ruby confirms Joe and Noah truth
Blue Prince creator is "relieved" the game is out
DIGITAL SPY, PART OF THE HEARST UK ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK
We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England. All Rights Reserved.