Plus, Megan Thee Stallion, Camila Cabello, The Warning and Omar Apollo bow in top 10, while Beyoncé's Cowboy Carter re-enters at No. 2.

													By
												

	Keith Caulfield


Imagine Dragons land their sixth top 10-charting effort on Billboard’s Top Album Sales chart, as the band’s new studio set Loom enters at No. 3 on the chart dated July 13. The set sold 17,000 copies in the U.S. in the week ending July 4, according to Luminate. All six of the group’s full-length studio albums have debuted in the top 10, stretching back to Night Visions (released in 2012).





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Mase Wants Fans to Vote If He Should Attend Diddy's Trial		
	



	05/02/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Camila Cabello		
					






















	
		
					Imagine Dragons		
					






















	
		
					Megan Thee Stallion		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	Also in the top 10 of the latest Top Album Sales chart, Taylor Swift’s The Tortured Poets Department returns to No. 1 for a fifth nonconsecutive week on top, Beyoncé’s former leader Cowboy Carter jumps back onto the list at No. 2 after the release of a deluxe vinyl edition, Megan Thee Stallion’s Megan starts at No. 4 with her best sales week ever, Camila Cabello’s C,XOXO enters at No. 5, and both The Warning and Omar Apollo log their first top 10s, as their latest albums bow at Nos. 6 and 10, respectively.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






Billboard’s Top Album Sales chart ranks the top-selling albums of the week based only on traditional album sales. The chart’s history dates back to May 25, 1991, the first week Billboard began tabulating charts with electronically monitored piece count information from SoundScan, now Luminate. Pure album sales were the sole measurement utilized by the Billboard 200 albums chart through the list dated Dec. 6, 2014, after which that chart switched to a methodology that blends album sales with track equivalent album units and streaming equivalent album units. The new July 13, 2024-dated chart will be posted in full on Billboard‘s website on July 9. For all chart news, follow @billboard and @billboardcharts on both Twitter and Instagram.

Loom’s first-week sales were aided by its availability across seven vinyl variants (mostly color variants or alternative packaging) and three CD variants (a standard album, a Target edition and a deluxe boxed set containing a branded puzzle). Target stores carried two exclusive versions of the album, one on vinyl and one on CD, each with a bonus track not available on any other physical configuration (“Eyes Closed” with J Balvin).

The Tortured Poets Department rises 2-1 on Top Album Sales with 35,000 copies sold. The album’s sales grew 27% in the tracking week thanks largely to two new CD variants of the set that shipped to customers. The two CDs, which were sold exclusively in Swift’s webstore, were briefly available to pre-order in early June for $7.99 each. Both CDs contain the standard album’s 16 songs and an acoustic bonus track (one includes “Fortnight” featuring Post Malone, and one includes “Fresh Out the Slammer”).

	










	Beyoncé’s Cowboy Carter re-enters Top Album Sales at No. 2 with 24,000 copies sold (up 1,673%) after a deluxe edition of the album was released on vinyl. Vinyl sales comprise a little over 23,000 of that figure (up 3,551%).

	Megan Thee Stallion logs her highest sales week ever, as Megan debuts at No. 4 with 16,000 copies sold. The set marks her fourth top 10-charting effort. The set’s sales were aided by its availability across three CD variants (all with the same audio content, just different covers; all exclusively sold in the artist’s webstore) and five digital download album variants (a standard widely available edition; one exclusive to Amazon, with a bonus track; two with alternate covers; and one with a printed digital signature on its cover from Megan Thee Stallion. The latter three were exclusive to the artist’s webstore.)

	Camila Cabello captures her fourth top 10-charting set on Top Album Sales – the entirety of her charting albums – as C,XOXO bows at No. 5 with 15,000 sold. The album was issued across six vinyl variants (all color variants, including a signed edition), two CD variants (one of which was signed) and three digital album download variants (a standard edition, and two additional versions that each carried a bonus a cappella track).

	Rock trio The Warning makes its first appearance on Top Album Sales as the band’s new studio album Keep Me Fed debuts at No. 6 with nearly 15,000 sold – the act’s best sales week yet. The album was preceded by two charting hits on the Mainstream Rock Airplay chart: “More” (No. 36 peak in August 2023) and “Sick” (No. 8 on the June 8, 2024 chart). The set’s first-week sales were aided by its availability across four vinyl variants (color variants, including one that was signed by the band) and four CD editions (a standard set, and three signed by the individual members of the group).

	










	ATEEZ’s chart-topping Golden Hour: Part.1 rises 8-7 on Top Album Sales with just over 12,000 (up 18%), Chappell Roan’s The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess falls 4-8 with 12,000 (down 18%) and Billie Eilish’s Hit Me Hard and Soft slips 6-9 with 11,000 (down 15%).

	Omar Apollo rounds out the top 10 on Top Album Sales, as his new God Said No starts at No. 10 with 10,000 sold. It marks his first top 10-charting effort. The set’s sales were aided by bolstered by its availability across nine vinyl variants (all color editions, including two that were signed), three CD editions (a Zine/CD package, a deluxe boxed set containing a CD and a branded T-shirt, and a standard CD) and two cassette tapes (one of which was signed).
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.