Service Journalism Reporter
Taylor Swift, left, is joined by Sabrina Carpenter during the Eras Tour's second night at the Caesars Superdome in New Orleans, on Saturday, Oct. 26, 2024.
They're working late, 'cause they're both singers. 
Sabrina Carpenter's surprise cameo on Night Two of The Eras Tour in New Orleans shocked the 65,000 Swifties that filled up the Caesars Superdome 
Fans had predicted artists like Lana Del Rey or Post Malone would join the "Anti-Hero" singer on stage, but once Swift started singing one of Carpenter's most popular songs, "Espresso," the audience had an inkling as to what would happen next.
Swift called up Carpenter and asked why she wasn't there with her. "Can you come down to the stadium real quick? How long would that take you?" Swift asked.
"It would probably take me like five seconds," Carpenter responded.
A post shared by Chelsea Shannon (@chelseathesnack)
Carpenter had opened several of Swift's performances earlier in the tour, but is now out on her own with the Short and Sweet Tour, which does not stop in New Orleans.
The duo performed a mashup of Carpenter's songs, "Espresso" and Please Please Please," and one of Swift's songs, "Is It Over Now?" 
Carpenter's time on stage with Swift is likely over — she explained on Instagram she had a rare break from her own tour, and that's how she was able to make Saturday night work.
After the performance, Carpenter posted pictures on Instagram praising the Superdome and Swifties.
"Only stage I'd ever wanna see on a day off !!!!" she said.
A post shared by Sabrina Carpenter (@sabrinacarpenter)
Sabrina Carpenter wasn't the only celebrity inside the Superdome on Saturday night for Night Two of The Eras Tour.  
If you had told me months ago that, despite not getting tickets for night two of the "Eras Tour" stop in New Orleans during Ticketmaster's ini…
Service Journalism Reporter
News Tips:nolanewstips@theadvocate.com
Other questions:subscriberservices@theadvocate.com
Need help? 
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: