By 

	Tim Chan


	If you purchase an independently reviewed product or service through a link on our website, Rolling Stone may receive an affiliate commission.

Quick Answer: Stream the 2024 MTV EMAs live online with ExpressVPN or watch it on-demand on Paramount+ with a free trial here

	Some of music’s biggest stars are in Manchester, England tonight for the 2024 MTV European Music Awards.

	Shawn Mendes, Benson Boone, Le Sserafim and Raye, are just some of the performers at this year’s awards show, which honors the best artists and music videos from the past year. Fresh off her Grammy nods, Taylor Swift leads all artists with seven EMA nominations, including “Best Artist” and “Best Video” (for “Fortnight,” her collaboration with Post Malone). Rita Ora returns to host the award show for the third time.

	Coverage of this year’s ceremony begins at 9 p.m. UK time, which is 4 p.m. ET / 1 p.m. PT.

	Want to watch the 2024 MTV EMAs? Here’s what you need to know.

	The 2024 EMAs are airing across hundreds of different networks across Europe, but your best bet to watch the show live is through Pluto TV in the UK. Pluto is offering a free EMAs livestream that you can access on your phone, computer or TV.



	To access Pluto’s UK feed, you’ll need to download a virtual private network. We like ExpressVPN, which offers reliable connectivity and pricing from just $4.99 (the current ExpressVPN Black Friday deal gets you six months of service for free). 

	Once you have your VPN, change your IP address to the UK to watch the MTV EMAs live from the U.S. for free. See more details here.

	If you’re okay with not watching the show live, you can watch the 2024 European Music Awards on MTV in the U.S. tomorrow, Monday, November 11. Fans can tune into the broadcast at 8 p.m. ET/PT. 

	Don’t have cable? Watch MTV online through Philo, a live TV streaming service which offers 70+ live channels that you can stream from home. Use this 7-day free trial to test out Philo and watch the EMAs broadcast on MTV for free (bonus: Philo is also the best place to stream the new season of Yellowstone online)



	Other ways to watch MTV’s broadcast of the EMAs include DirecTV Stream and Fubo, both of which offer free trials. Use the trials to watch MTV online without cable from your phone, tablet, laptop or smart TV.



	This year’s EMAs will also be available to stream on-demand through Paramount+. Not a Paramount+ subscriber? The site is currently offering a 7-day free trial that you can use to stream the MTV EMAs online for free. Grab the free trial here.

	Sunday’s ceremony will see performances from Shawn Mendes, Benson Boone, Le Sserafim, Raye, Teddy Swims, Peso Pluma, Tyla, The Warning and Pet Shop Boys. Busta Rhymes is also expected to perform as he accepts the 2024 EMA Global Icon Award. 

	While Taylor Swift leads the pack with seven nominations this year, the singer is not exepcted to attend the EMAs ceremony. She was spotted Sunday at the Kansas City Chiefs game in Kansas City, to cheer on boyfriend Travis Kelce. However, she could appear via satellite or pre-recorded message should she win an award.



	Swift’s seven nominations are followed by Ariana Grande, Billie Eilish, Charli XCX, and Sabrina Carpenter  with five nominations each, while Ayra Starr, Beyoncé, Kendrick Lamar and LISA all received four nominations.

	Stream tonight’s 2024 MTV EMAs live on Pluto TV with ExpressVPN or watch it on-demand the next day on Paramount+ with a free trial here
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.