"I Had Some Help" and "A Bar Song (Tipsy)" both appear in the top 10 of the Billboard Global 200 and Billboard Global Excl. U.S.

													By
												

	Eric Frankenberg


Post Malone’s “I Had Some Help,” featuring Morgan Wallen, and Shaboozey’s “A Bar Song (Tipsy)” both strike the top 10 on each of Billboard’s global charts (dated May 25) – the Billboard Global 200 and Billboard Global Excl. U.S. – joining forces as the first pair of country songs to simultaneously appear in the top 10 of both surveys.

	“I Had Some Help” debuts atop the Global 200 with 119 million streams worldwide in the week ending May 16, according to Luminate. In doing so, it becomes Post Malone’s second No. 1 debut on the ranking in just four weeks. Taylor Swift’s “Fortnight,” on which he’s featured, ruled for two weeks earlier this month. For Wallen, it’s his first leader, surpassing the No. 5 peak of last year’s “Last Night.”

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	“A Bar Song (Tipsy)” is Shaboozey’s third global chart entry, following his two features on Beyoncé’s Cowboy Carter. Both “Spaghettii” and “Sweet * Honey * Buckin'” logged one week on the April 13-dated list, just two frames before the arrival of “A Bar Song (Tipsy).”

	Post Malone and Wallen’s team-up is just the third country song to crown the Global 200 in its four-year history (as defined by titles that have hit Billboard’s Hot Country Songs chart), following Beyoncé’s “Texas Hold ‘Em” in March and Taylor Swift’s “All Too Well (Taylor’s Version)” in 2021, with each having led for one week.

	Shaboozey follows at No. 5 on the latest Global 200, bookending the first pair of country songs to simultaneously appear in the top five.

	The breakthrough of both tracks is even more significant on the Global Excl. U.S. chart, where country music has historically struggled, dating to the list’s September 2020 inception. While the Global 200 ranks songs based on sales and streams from over 200 international territories, Global Excl. U.S. removes domestic consumption, revealing the biggest songs in the world outside of the United States.

	On Global Excl. U.S., “I Had Some Help” starts at No. 3 and “A Bar Song (Tipsy)” rises 13-10, marking just the third and fourth country songs to hit the tally’s top 10, following entries by Beyoncé and Swift.

	While Post Malone and Shaboozey’s top five success on the Global 200 are in line with the highs of 2023 hits from Jason Aldean, Zach Bryan, Oliver Anthony Music and Morgan Wallen, their concurrent top 10 placements on Global Excl. U.S. far exceed that group, which, of their tracks, reached a No. 82 high on the tally via Wallen’s “Last Night.” None of the others even hit the top 100.

	










	Plus, Post Malone and Shaboozey’s new hits appear on 13 of Billboard’s Hits of the World charts. “I Had Some Help” replaces “A Bar Song (Tipsy)” atop Norway Songs and leads Ireland Songs, while the latter holds at No. 1 on Sweden Songs. Throughout its run last year, which included 16 weeks atop the U.S.-based Billboard Hot 100 and a No. 1 finish on the chart’s year-end edition, Wallen’s “Last Night” appeared on just three such international rankings.

	Surely “I Had Some Help” and “A Bar Song (Tipsy)” are both helped by major elements outside of country music. The former is by Post Malone, one of Billboard’s top 10 artists of the 2010s with strong history in pop and hip-hop circles, much like the crossover success of global country hits from Beyoncé and Swift. And while Shaboozey is a new act without ties to other genres, the song interpolates J-Kwon’s 2004 hit “Tipsy,” a No. 2 Hot 100 hit that also topped Hot Rap Songs for five weeks. His recent collaborations with Beyoncé can’t hurt, either.

	Post Malone and Shaboozey’s chart hits are examples of the broadening borders of the genre, as a wave of new artists gain traction on streaming services and social media internationally. Extending the hot streak, Dasha’s country-pop hit “Austin” went viral on TikTok earlier this year and has since climbed to No. 23 on Global Excl. U.S., almost 60 positions above Wallen’s previous high.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.