Every Labor Day weekend is a big ol' party in Medicine Park. Somehow, this place has still remained one of Oklahoma's best kept secrets, but once you attend one of their annual music festivals, you won't be forgetting the experience any time soon.
Also known as the "Mayor's Blues Ball," this blues music festival has been a long-lasting event in southwest Oklahoma. What usually sets this festival apart from their other yearly concerts is the list of local talent.
Don't get me wrong, we love all of our friends from Arkansas, like Eureka Strings, and other talented musicians who travel from out of state to headline the other festivals like the Roots Ball.
But there's something special about knowing the skilled players and singers taking the stage this weekend claim the sooner state as their home.
Back in the day, when the main stage sat in the center of town, the Blues Ball always filled the parking lot and got listeners to line the streets, both behind and far in front of the stage.
Now that the stage is in Hitchin' Post Park, just beside the Park Tavern, there's less worry about sitting beside the streets or getting a shaded spot and more of a focus on the show.
The music kicks off on Friday, August 30th and doesn't wrap up until Sunday, September 1, 2024.
If you've never been to the Blues Ball, keep in mind of a few things:
Blues music has a history here in Oklahoma, especially when you realize just how much it has influenced talented players from this state.
In fact, one of the very first blues songs to ever be published on sheet music, a song called "Dallas Blues," came from a Muskogee man named Hart Wand.
Another incredibly well known artist from Tulsa, Oklahoma, Lowell Fulson, wrote music that was later made famous by BB King and eventually became BB's theme song. Fulson later wrote another iconic song and earned the attention from the king, Elvis Presley, who covered Fulson's "Reconsider Baby."
That's just a small few of the numerous blues artists that have home-grown red dirt roots from here in Oklahoma.
This weekend is a celebration of blues everywhere, including Rentiesville, where they're hosting their annual blues festival this weekend as well. If you feel like taking a roadtrip to eastern Oklahoma, the Dusl Til Dawn Music Festival is your go-to choice.
But, if you're closer to the southwest corner of the state, you'll be pleasantly surprised by the show headed your way this weekend.
Any more tips and tricks for visiting Medicine Park? Tell us what you should know beforehand on the app.
Gallery Credit: Dani
Gallery Credit: Billy Dukes