ByPam Windsor
ByPam Windsor,
 Contributor. 
The 59th Academy of Country Music Awards, hosted by Reba McEntire, set to air May 16th. 
Reba McEntire is the host this year’s ACM Awards and will also perform a new song during the show. She’s one of several artists, like Lainey Wilson and Jelly Roll, who will debut new music.
It’s Reba’s 17th time hosting the ACMs and she says it’s always an honor.
“I have so much fun every time. It’s really just a big family reunion. I can’t wait to see all my friends and hear the new music everyone has been working on!”
ACM CEO Damon Whiteside, Reba McEntire, Executive Producer Raj Kapoor, and Producer Patrick Menton.
The ACMs start at 8pm ET/7pm CT and viewers can stream the show live, for free, on Amazon Prime Video (no membership required).
“The show will be really fast-moving, it’s got great energy, and back-to-back music, and back-to-back awards,” notes Executive Producer, Raj Kapoor.
Look for a mix of much-loved artists who’ve been favorites for decades, along with younger artists who are an evolving part of the country music scene.
“In country music we have legends and icons and so many of them are still touring, releasing new music, and having hit songs,” says Kapoor. “But then you have this new generation coming up fast and strong.”
There will be performances and collaborations from a star-studded line up featuring Miranda Lambert, Chris Stapleton, Cody Johnson, Thomas Rhett, Kane Brown, Post Malone, and others.
Miranda Lambert performs during the opening night of her residency, "Velvet Rodeo" at the Zappos ... More Theater at Planet Hollywood Resort & Casino on September 23, 2022. (Photo by John Shearer/Getty Images for Miranda Lambert)
Chris Stapleton at the Academy of Country Music Awards in Las Vegas, Nevada on March 7, 2022. (Photo ... More by Chris Polk/Variety/Penske Media via Getty Images)
Cody Johnson performs for the Warner Music Nashville Lunch during CRS 2024 at Omni Nashville Hotel ... More on February 28, 2024 in Nashville, Tennessee. (Photo by Danielle Del Valle/Getty Images)
“The collaborations we have planned are going to be really surprising,” says Damon Whiteside, ACM CEO. “Like Avril Lavigne joining Nate Smith on his hit “Bulletproof.” Of course, Blake (Shelton) and Gwen (Stefani), we haven’t had them on stage in quite a few years, and then Kelsea Ballerini with Noah Kahan. That’s going to be really special.”
Some legendary artists will also have a presence. Randy Travis, who just released a new AI- generated single, will present an award. The late Charley Pride’s family will be part of the show. And there will be a heartfelt tribute honoring Toby Keith.
The ACM Awards will honor the late Toby Keith (shown here during a performance in 2010).  (Photo by ... More Kevin Winter/ACMA2010/Getty Images for ACMA)
“Toby Keith had a huge career with the ACMs. He was one of our most winning artists and he won Entertainer of the Year multiple times,” Whiteside says. “He’s a big part of our history and we’re going to do something special to honor him with Jason Aldean. It’ll be unique for Jason, too, unlike you’re used to seeing him.”
For the second year in a row, the show will be broadcast from The Star, which is the Dallas Cowboys World Headquarters and training facility in Frisco, Texas. A lot of work has gone into making the venue show ready.
“We completely transform it from carpeting, seating, and lighting to the set to video screens,” Kapoor says. “And besides looking great on broadcast, it’s a great fan experience for people in the room. We blended the worlds of award show and live concert, so we have these huge screens so everybody in the room gets a great view of whoever is performing or accepting the awards.”
And shifting the show from traditional network TV to live streaming allows the ACMs to take country music all over the world.
“We were the first live awards show to make the move to a streaming platform and with a partner like Amazon Prime Video, it’s given us a global footprint,” Whiteside says. “Whereas in the past it was very U.S. and Canada-based, now we’re literally streaming in 240-plus territories and countries. And that’s something we couldn’t achieve on a regular broadcast outlet.”
The show starts at 8pm ET/7pm CT, but if you want to tune in early, there will be an Official ACM Red Carpet show starting at 7pm ET/CT.
Like the show itself, it’s available on Amazon Prime Video and the Amazon Music Channel on Twitch.
ACM Awards