Lainey Wilson performs during CMA Fest on Saturday, June 8, 2024, in Nashville, Tenn.Amy Harris/Invision/AP
Hosted by Jelly Roll and Ashley McBryde, the 2024 CMA Fest is finally here and set to premiere on ABC Tuesday, June 25 at 8/7c.
The three-hour concert on ABC will include performances by Kelsea Ballerini, Big & Rich, Clint Black, Brothers Osborne, Luke Bryan, Terri Clark, Jordan Davis, Jackson Dean, Billy F Gibbons, HARDY, Jelly Roll, Cody Johnson, Little Big Town, Lynyrd Skynyrd, Ashley McBryde, Parker McCollum, Megan Moroney, Jon Pardi, Carly Pearce, Post Malone, Shaboozey, Blake Shelton, Brittney Spencer, The War And Treaty, Thomas Rhett, Keith Urban, Gretchen Wilson, Lainey Wilson and Bailey Zimmerman.
“Stepping onto the stage in front of 50,000 people to host CMA Fest at Nissan Stadium in my hometown of Nashville was indescribable,” Jelly Roll told CMA. “The magnitude of the moment really hit me, to be across the street from the juvenile detention center I was in and to now be on stage hosting—how do you describe being in the same exact place while being in a place that couldn’t be more different, at the same time.”
Although premiering on ABC, those without basic cable can still live stream the CMA Fest concert live on Tuesday with either Fubo or DirecTV Stream.
Both live streaming services offer free trials for new subscribers who can stream the concert special for free before committing to a paid subscription. 
Those willing to wait can also stream CMA Fest 2024 on-demand the day after it premieres on ABC with Hulu.
Both Fubo and DirecTV Stream are set up like any other streaming service, but rather than offering exclusively on-demand content, they both offer exclusive live TV channels. So like cable, but without the hassle.
Fubo considers itself a sports-focused live streaming service, but overall, its standard package comes with over 100 live TV channels for $79.99 a month after its free trial. These channels include ESPN, ABC, NBC, CBS, TLC, MTV and much more.
Fubo also comes with a variety of shows and movies users can watch on-demand along with the option to record your favorite TV shows.
DirecTV Stream is similar to Fubo in that it offers many of the same channels and features. At $84.98 a month after its free trial, the base package comes with a little over 75 live TV channels.
Those interested can check out all of DirecTV Stream’s channel packages here.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices