Photo: Getty Images
Blake Shelton shared a behind-the-scenes look at the making of his “Pour Me A Drink” music video with Post Malone.
Shelton said he “had a nice little visit with Mr. Malone,” after he arrived on the set that day. In the video, Posty steps through a “magical” portal that transports him from a liquor store — owned and operated by Shelton — to a gathering that Shelton deemed “the greatest party in the history of country music.” The party started during the day and stretched past sundown with a bonfire and “hillbillies down here partying,” Shelton said.
Shelton and Malone premiered the Chris Villa-directed video late last month. The highly-anticipated collaboration arrived shortly after the duo made a surprise appearance on the main stage at CMA Fest in Downtown Nashville, Tennessee. “Pour Me A Drink” was one of 30 performances included in the televised CMA Fest special, which became available on Hulu after it aired on ABC.
Posty’s collaboration with Shelton followed his single with Morgan Wallen, “I Had Some Help.” He’s also teased unreleased songs with other country stars in recent months, including Chris Stapleton. Post Malone confirmed last month that his 18-track country album, F-1 Trillion, will arrive on August 16. See his “F-1 Trillion Tour” dates below.
Sun Sep 8 – Salt Lake City, UT – Utah First Credit Union Amphitheatre  
Thu Sep 12 – Noblesville, IN – Ruoff Music Center  
Sat Sep 14 – Syracuse, NY – Empower Federal Credit Union Amphitheater at Lakeview  
Mon Sep 16 – Bangor, ME – Maine Savings Amphitheatre  
Wed Sep 18 – Boston, MA – Fenway Park  
Fri Sep 20 – Hershey, PA – Hersheypark Stadium  
Sat Sep 21 – Hartford, CT – The XFINITY Theatre  
Mon Sep 23 – Saratoga Springs, NY – Broadview Stage at SPAC  
Wed Sep 25 – Scranton, PA – The Pavilion at Montage Mountain  
Sat Sep 28* – New York, NY – Global Citizen Festival
Sun Sep 29 – Wantagh, NY – Northwell at Jones Beach Theatre  
Tue Oct 1 – Cuyahoga Falls, OH – Blossom Music Center  
Fri Oct 4 – Virginia Beach, VA – Veterans United Home Loans Amphitheater at Virginia Beach   
Sat Oct 5 – Raleigh, NC – Coastal Credit Union Music Park  
Mon Oct 7 – Charlotte, NC – PNC Music Pavilion  
Wed Oct 9 – Charleston, SC – Credit One Stadium  
Fri Oct 11 – Atlanta, GA – Lakewood Amphitheatre  
Sun Oct 13 – Rogers, AR – Walmart AMP  
Tue Oct 15 – Pelham, AL – Oak Mountain Amphitheatre  
Thu Oct 17 – Orange Beach, AL – The Wharf Amphitheater  
Sat Oct 19 – Nashville, TN – Nissan Stadium
*Festival Performance