Taylor Swift Museum Shows Off Taylor Swifts Back Ground In New Jersey
Just when you can't get enough of Taylor, they went and opened a museum exhibit for the Summer! 
The Stone Harbor Museum unveiled the exhibit, highlighting Taylor's time spent at the Jersey Shore as a child. 
It was opened yesterday, June 13th, which by the way is Taylor's lucky number! The collection of photos and props will be going on until the end of September. The museum hopes to bring new and old visitors to check out her pictures and memories, but also get a glimpse of the history of the small Jersey Shore town.
Teri Fischer, President of the Board of Trustees for the Stone Harbor Museum, said: “It’s not just about the items, it’s about the fact that her family wanted us to have personal family photos from some time ago that were taken while they were staying in Stone Harbor.”
Taylor Swift was raised in a town called Wyomissing, Pennsylvania, and spent a lot of time at the beach in Stone Harbor, from 1994 to about 2004. 
One of the biggest pop stars in the world, has sold millions of records and put a lot of butts in seats, got some early time on stage with performances here in Jersey at a local coffee shop. She even did some karaoke at a place called Henry’s.
Taylor was a huge fan of the ice cream in Stone Harbor and loved the "Cookies And Cream" over at Springers, which is a very popular ice cream shop. Her father, Scott Swift, has done his part as well in Stone Harbor too. He was a volunteer EMT with the Stone Harbor Volunteer Fire Company No. 1.
Taylor Swift Museum Is Coming To New Jersey In  Stone Harbor.
In addition to some family photos, the museum will display four vinyls that make a clock, a bunch of posters, and even a guitar signed by Taylor herself. 
The family wanted the museum to have them to share with the public so her New Jersey fans get to see she has lots of love for The Garden State. 
Taylor Swift's 11th studio album, The Tortured Poets Department, has already come with surprise after surprise. From the double album release to the songs shading Kim Kardashian, Matty Healy, and Joe Alwyn, TTPD has "left no crumbs," as they say.
What stood out to us most about the 31 songs is that Swifties -- whether happy and in love or going through it -- all loved her dark and cheeky lyricism. Despite whatever mood you are in, it seems as though the pop icon has managed to perfectly balance vulnerable, crushing lyrics of hurt and heartache, all while giving her fans something to dance to and smile through the pain.
(Photo by Kevin Winter/Getty Images for TAS Rights Management)
I am not a Swiftie, but I can recognize when Swift, 34, has a hit. As a songwriter, Swift can be clever, and her usage of advanced vocabulary absolutely shines on this album. At other times, as pointed out by others on social media, Swift can be a little juvenile with some of her lines, making us wonder what the hype is all about.
However, compared to other successful pop artists of today, no one else does it like Taylor Swift. She reaches her fans worldwide with her lyricism and musicianship. Every album is an event, and this one is no exception. TTPD has been compared to her 2020 album, folklore, with fans commending her use of synths on this album as well.
Longtime collaborator and friend Jack Antonoff shared his love for Taylor on X (formerly Twitter) and listed his favorite tracks on the record, both of which actually ended up on our list as well. "!! FOTS heads lets go !!" he writes of the 7th track, "Fresh Out The Slammer." He later hyped up track 4, "Down Bad," as it "heads as well."
Though the album opener is bubbly and fun to dance to, the lyrics are actually pretty sad and depressing. Post Malone echoes Swift's lines: "I love you, it's ruining my life." Swift admits she was a functioning alcoholic, driven to be such because of her longtime ex, Joe Alwyn. She swooned over Posty on Instagram that she's been a "huge fan" of his because of "the writer he is, his musical experimentation and those melodies he creates that just stick in your head forever." We witness that "magic" on the opening track.
There are no shortage of synths on the album. Track number 4, "Down Bad" has fun instrumentation, matching the playful lyrics of the cosmic love she had for 1975 frontman Matty Healy. "Staring at the sky, come back and pick me up," she asks aliens. Of her short romance with Healy, she acknowledges the perception: "They’ll say I’m nuts if I talk about the existence of you." She's probably right. Admit it, you thought she was slumming when she was dating him.
Track 7, "Fresh Out The Slammer," is a fun track and the most dynamic of the bunch. The song's guitar reverb intro gives us Lana Del Rey and Orville Peck vibes. You can't help but dance along to this song. Near minute 3, the song slows down and changes the whole energy as the song wraps up.
By track 13, we get another lyrically depressing dance bop with "I Can Do It With a Broken Heart." The song is an anthem for those of us who have no choice but to push through the hard times. She sings,” I can show you lies…”, “Lights, camera, action, bitch smile, even when you wanna die.” The song is believed to be about the breakup with Joe Alwyn, as Swift at this time seemed unfazed about it, as reflected in lyrics: "I was grinning like I’m winning I was hitting my marks. ‘Cause I can do it with a broken heart.” You can’t help but dance along to the chipper, ‘80s feeling song. She declares at the end, "'Cause I'm miserable! And nobody even knows!" before challenging, "Try and come for my job."
In this synthy track, Swift sings about how she is a gem and she will always have a hold on her ex lover. Whether she will be your wife or smash up your bike, she's gonna get you back in track 18 of the double album. She declares, "I'll make you think twice you'll find that you were never not mine."
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!