High-flying Acrobatics
High-flying Cirque du Soleil (seen here in the show Alegría) will add some twang.
Cirque du Soleil, in partnership with Universal Music Group Nashville, will unveil a new country-themed show called Songblazers, which is coming to Bass Concert Hall in Austin from August 14-18.
The show, which will make its debut in Nashville in July, is initially scheduled to go to seven different cities, including Sugar Land from August 1-11, San Antonio from August 21-25, and Dallas from September 25-October 20.
The company will stage 8 performances during its Austin run. It is Cirque du Soleil's sixth visit to the Austin area. 
The production, which pays tribute to the legendary and modern trailblazers of country music, charts the journey of two main characters as they forge their own path to country recognition. Per usual with Cirque du Soleil shows, audiences will witness acrobatics, aerial acts, and displays of strength.
Sam Williams, grandson of country pioneer Hank Williams and the son of outlaw legend Hank Williams Jr., has created a new song, "Carnival Heart," specifically for the show. The song reflects the show's themes of self-discovery, friendship, and hope. 
“The title idea came to me pretty easily after becoming acquainted with Cirque du Soleil,” Williams said in a statement. “Where I come from, most people don’t get to go to the circus. We go to county fairs and carnivals, and the carnival in a small town is filled with joy, excitement, mystery, euphoria, you name it. That feeling is one you always remember, and I think the roller coaster of emotions lines up with what you want to feel seeing such an incredibly beautiful production such as Cirque’s.”
Tickets sales began at 10 am on March 25 for Club Cirque members. The general on-sale starts on March 28 at cirquedusoleil.com/songblazers.
Monkey Move
Another quirky, longtime South Congress store has moved on from the historic street — but this time, it's reopening in another busy area nearby. After 20 years on SoCo, the toy and other fun things store Monkey See, Monkey Do! is now open at 2810 Menchaca Rd.
Two opening weekend celebrations will get things started. On Saturday, May 3, the store will start selling just-released Sonny Angels collectible figures. (Guests are encouraged to arrive early in case of a long line.) Then a Star Wars-themed party on May 4 invites guests in for free hot dogs and Lone Star beer. 
New Sonny Angels will be available May 3.Photo courtesy of Monkey See, Monkey Do!
The new location shares a triangular island of land between South Lamar Boulevard, Menchaca, and Barton Skyway with three other businesses: Papalote Taco House, ThunderCloud Subs, and the Soup Peddler. Foot traffic won't match the former tourist destinations, but Austinites pass this area often, especially if they live in South Austin.
A release sent by founder Brandon Hodge points out that Big Top Candy Shop, his store a few doors down on the same block, will not be relocating. It remains on South Congress Avenue, and Hodge teases some new candies and sodas to come.
Locals know there's a miasma of anxiety on South Congress about small businesses being pushed off the street. Hodge himself has raised the alarm as president of the South Congress Merchants Association. However, he intentionally sets a happy tone for talking about the move for Monkey See, Monkey Do! He emphasizes that it was a voluntary move.
“We are incredibly excited for this move,” said Hodge in the release. “With all due respect to our incredible culinary neighbors on South Congress, after two decades we have decided to explore new lunch options. While we will definitely miss having our fill of Gueros, Home Slice, and Magnolia Café every day, we felt it was high time to explore some of the menus South Lamar has to offer.”
Longtime store manager Steven Almaguer, is also looking forward to good eats, and paints a picture of what it was like to work in a tourist location.
On the one hand,” he said, "selling toy accordions and lava lamps to celebrities makes for an interesting workday, but on the other hand, we haven’t had a Thundercloud Subs right next door, so we’re really looking forward to being their new South Lamar neighbors.”  
Vintage toys are a big draw for many visitors.Photo courtesy of Monkey See, Monkey Do!
On a more serious note, Hodge does discuss the experience watching South Congress evolve.
“During our kitschy little toy shop’s two decades on South Congress, we have witnessed extraordinary changes to the surrounding retail landscape,” he said. “When we first got our start down here, we were drawn by the cheap rent and amazing community of scrappy upstart businesses that didn’t quite fit in anywhere else, and we made the best of it together.”
Nostalgia aside, this move could be great for local shoppers who don't want to brave South Congress. The new spot has free parking, and a playground across the street at Amy's Ice Creams offers another pit stop on a more relaxed outing.
If this all seems sudden to neighbors, it's because the store taken shape very quickly. The relocation was only announced in mid-April, and finishing touches that only went up a day or two before opening included a new sign and the recognizable "enlightened monkey" statue.
Operating hours at Monkey See, Monkey Do! are 11 am to 7 pm Mondays through Thursdays, 11 am to 9 pm Fridays and Saturdays, and 11 am to 7 pm Sundays.