"If you have a ticket to the show you get in for free," wrote Jelly Roll, who was set to open for Wallen.

													By
												

	Mitchell Peters


Jelly Roll performed a surprise club show in Tampa, Fla., on Friday (July 12) after Morgan Wallen postponed his stadium concert.

	The “Need a Favor” singer-rapper, who was scheduled to open for Wallen at Tampa’s Raymond James Stadium on Friday night, announced the intimate gig after Wallen called off his concert due to an illness.

	“TAMPA! Dallas Bull tonight— doors open at 7pm. If you have a ticket to the show you get in for free. (This is for ticket holders only) FIRST COME FIRST SERVE,” Jelly wrote on X (formerly Twitter).





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Mase Wants Fans to Vote If He Should Attend Diddy's Trial		
	



	05/02/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Jelly Roll		
					






















	
		
					Morgan Wallen		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	Hours before gates were set to open at his Tampa stadium show, Wallen announced on social media that we was too sick to perform.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	“I hate to reschedule shows but I powered through being sick in Tampa last night, and unfortunately woke up feeling way worse today,” Wallen wrote on X.

	As a result of the illness, the “Last Night” singer postponed his concert at the city’s Raymond James Stadium to Oct. 4. He also moved his upcoming shows at Charlotte, N.C.’s Bank of America Stadium to Oct. 18 and 19. Wallen’s next performance is scheduled for July 25 at AT&T Stadium in Arlington, Texas.

	Wallen’s global One Night at a Time tour has been a concert juggernaut, often selling out multiple stadium shows in various cities, such as his three-night, sold-out stint at Nashville’s Nissan Stadium earlier this year. Openers on select dates include Jelly Roll, Lainey Wilson, Nate Smith, Bryan Martin, Bailey Zimmerman, Ella Langley and others.

	The Tennessee native recently had a five-week run atop the Billboard Hot 100 chart with his and Post Malone’s “I Had Some Help” collaboration, which dropped mid-May. The track was dethroned by Sabrina Carpenter’s “Please Please Please” in late June. 

	See Wallen and Jelly Roll’s announcements on X below.
I hate to reschedule shows but I powered through being sick in Tampa last night, and unfortunately woke up feeling way worse today. I would not give you guys anywhere near 100% tonight and as a result, I need to move tonight's Tampa show to Oct. 4 and next week's Charlotte shows…
TAMPA! Dallas Bull tonight— doors open at 7pm. If you have a ticket to the show you get in for free. (This is for ticket holders only) FIRST COME FIRST SERVE. pic.twitter.com/QedPCmZZNF
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.