It’s time to suit up and boot up, Home Team.
Thomas Rhett just announced he’ll be hitting venues all over North America on his summer 2025 ‘Better In Boots Tour’ along with special guests Tucker Wetmore, The Castellows, and Dasha.
He’ll be spending quite a bit of time in New York and New Jersey, too.
Early on in the run, the popular country is slated to stop into Saratoga Springs, NY’s Broadview Stage at SPAC on June 12.
After that, the 34-year-old Georgia native swings into Holmdel, NJ’s PNC Bank Arts Center on July 10, Camden, NJ’s Freedom Mortgage Pavilion on July 11, Long Island, NY’s Jones Beach Theater on July 12, Buffalo’s Darien Lake Amphitheater on Aug. 7 and Syracuse’s Empower FCU Amphitheater on Aug. 21.
The tour announcement comes on the heels of the release of Rhett’s seventh studio album “About A Woman,” which the Country Lowdown called “enjoyable and energetic.”
And if you’re a member of the Home Team and can’t wait to scoop up tickets, you’re in luck.
Fans can purchase tickets for all upcoming ‘Better In Boots’ shows on sites like Vivid Seats; the official on-sale is Friday, Sept. 20.
Vivid Seats is a secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand.
They have a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and will be delivered before the event.
A complete calendar including all tour dates, venues, and links to buy tickets can be found below.
On Oct. 18-20, Rhett will headline at Sacramento’s annual Golden Sky Music Festival at Discovery Park.
Big names also slated to take the stage at the three-day extravaganza include Keith Urban, Luke Bryan, Riley Green, Turnpike Troubadours and Bailey Zimmerman.
Want to go?
Single and multi-day Golden Sky Music Festival passes can be scooped up here.
Most recently, Rhett headlined at Cincinnati’s Great American Ballpark on Aug. 29.
According to Set List FM, here’s what he performed that evening:
01.) “Vacation”02.) “Look What God Gave Her”03.) “Half of Me”04.) “Life Changes”05.) “Gone Country”06.) “Star of the Show / Get Me Some of That / It Goes Like This”07.) “Somethin’ ’Bout a Woman”08.) “Make Me Wanna”09.) “Beer Can’t Fix”10.) “Friends in Low Places” (Dewayne Blackwell cover)11.) “She Had Me at Heads Carolina” (Cole Swindell cover)12.) “After All The Bars Are Closed”13.) “Sixteen”14.) “Beautiful As You”15.) “Marry Me”16.) “Feelin’ Country”17.) “September / Jessie’s Girl / All Star / Its Gonna Be Me / All I Do is Win / Thats What I Like / Shut Up and Dance With Me”18.) “Die a Happy Man”19.) “Mamaw’s House”20.) “Crash and Burn”21.) “What’s Your Country Song”
On Aug. 23, Rhett dropped his seventh studio album “About A Woman.”
The 14-track record, inspired by his wife Lauren and his commitment to her, is pure country pop. Think upbeat, radio-friendly jams that will have you boot-scootin’ in no time.
Some of our favorite tunes here include the feel-good “After All The Bars Are Closed,” ultra-catchy “Back To Blue” and dance floor-ready “Boots” which will have you boogie-ing in no time.
“Somethin’ ‘Bout A Woman” is easily the best of the bunch though. The moody, blues-y and gutsy song is more classic rock — The Eagles and Beatles come to mind — than the rest of the album’s more traditional fare.
To hear for yourself, we suggest giving “About A Woman” a spin here.
The “What’s You Country Song” singer will be bringing along a special guest or two at all gigs.
To make sure you’re familiar with their sounds, here is each opening act’s most-streamed song on Spotify.
Tucker Wetmore: “Wind Up Missin’ You”
The Castellows: “Hurricane”
Dasha: “Austin (Boots Stop’ Workin’)”
Many of the biggest names in boot scoot and boogie have mapped out huge tours over these next few months.
Here are just five of our favorites you won’t want to miss live.
• Blake Shelton
• Zach Bryan
• Post Malone
• Brooks and Dunn
• Megan Moroney
Who else is out and about? Take a look at our list of the 50 biggest country stars on tour in 2024 to find the show for you.
This article was written by Matt Levy, New York Post live events reporter. Levy stays up-to-date on all the latest tour announcements from your favorite musical artists and comedians, as well as Broadway openings, sporting events and more live shows – and finds great ticket prices online. Since he started his tenure at the Post in 2022, Levy has reviewed a Bruce Springsteen concert and interviewed Melissa Villaseñor of SNL fame, to name a few. Please note that deals can expire, and all prices are subject to change