Soap aficionados were left gobsmacked as Denise Welch emerged from her transformation, bearing an uncanny resemblance to Sharon Watts.
Sharon, a stalwart of EastEnders and one of the BBC soap's original characters, has been gracing our screens since the show's inception in 1985, with actress Letitia Dean becoming a Walford icon.
Her iconic blonde tresses are almost as famous as she is, and ITV's Loose Women viewers were in for a surprise this Tuesday, July 23, when Denise Welch's makeover resulted in a strikingly similar hairdo.
Before the commercial break, host Ruth Langsford whisked Denise away, hinting at a dramatic change in store for the panellist.
The decision for a makeover came after a discussion on the show about women experiencing hair thinning as they age, during which Denise confessed her belief that long hair doesn't typically flatter the older generation, reports the Mirror.
  READ MORE    Sunday Brunch guest shares candid health update after 'miraculous' surgery  [LATEST] 
Upon her return to the studio post-break, Denise sashayed back to her seat sporting long blonde locks complete with a fringe. Although it was clear to viewers that she was donning a wig, many couldn't shake off how much she now looked like Letitia Dean, also known as Sharon Watts.
Social media platform X, widely recognized as Twitter, saw a flurry of activity as fans rushed to comment on the striking similarity, with one user exclaiming: "You look like Sharon Watts Denise", accompanied by a mix of crying and laughing emojis.
Another subtly reacted with a post tagging the Loose Women team and a GIF of the Albert Square legend, while a third TV watcher quipped: "Sharon Watts has aged."
  Don't miss...     Channel 4 announces return of much loved series 10 years after it first aired  [LATEST]     James Martin halts Saturday Morning over studio chaos as producers step in  [LATEST]     Loose Women fans call out 'disrespectful' Ruth Langsford 'snub' to Eamonn  [LATEST] 
In another corner, one viewer argued: "Looks like Tina Malone now."
In an earlier segment, Coleen Nolan disclosed her reluctance to participate in Loose Women if the conversation turned to the American presidential election debate.
Ruth Langsford, returning to television after her split from Eamonn Holmes, initiated Tuesday's episode with a discussion on Joe Biden's withdrawal from the presidential race, potentially paving the way for Vice-President Kamala Harris to step forward as the Democratic Party's contender.
We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy
The incumbent US president has endorsed Kamala Harris' candidacy, setting the Democratic Party abuzz with the prospect of her going head-to-head with Republican stalwart and former president Donald Trump later this year.
As speculation mounts over Kamala Harris' possible bid for the presidency, questions about Joe Biden's current tenure have arisen, casting his Vice-President as a likely successor.
With the election slated for November 5, 2024, Ruth Langsford acknowledged that this wouldn't be the last time her panel and the audience would engage with the presidential campaign narrative - much to the chagrin of Coleen, a show veteran since 2000, who was less than thrilled by the prospect.
SEARCH
CONNECT WITH US
TODAY'S PAPER
 See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive.
EXPRESS.CO.UK
Daily Express uses notifications to keep you updated