e-Edition
Get the latest news delivered daily!
Get the latest news delivered daily!
e-Edition

			Trending:		
Post Malone, a prominent figure in the rap stratosphere, is reshaping his position in music. During his Saturday night Stagecoach Country Music Festival set, he proved that his star power lies in playing a set of country covers.
“We’re going to be doing a bunch of songs that I love that we picked out, and I hope that’s all right,” Malone hollered to the crowd with a large smile as he stepped on stage with a red solo cup in one hand and a cigarette in the other.
It’s not far-fetched for Malone to venture into country territory. The rapper recently teased a new release with fellow Stagecoach headliner Morgan Wallen on social media and has a major guest spot on Beyoncé’s “Cowboy Carter” on “Levii’s Jeans.”  All in all, it makes sense.
He sported an all-country ensemble, complete with a plaid shirt, trucker hat and polished cowboy boots. However, it was the star-studded lineup of special guests that made the performance even more worthwhile.
He kicked things off with a cover of Tyler Childers’ “Whitehouse Road,” prompting many in the crowd to marvel at his vast knowledge and range within country music.
Dwight Yoakam, a country pioneer, joined Malone early on for a cover of “Little Ways.” Shortly after, previous Stagecoach act Brad Paisley performed for his newest track “I’m Gonna Miss Her.”
“I think he’s made for this,” Paisley shared with the crowd, gesturing towards Malone and his seamless embrace of the country genre. For the sold-out crowd, there was unanimous agreement.
The pair were handed another red solo cup filled to the rim with beer, cheering as they set off to play “One More Last Chance” by Vince Gill.
Sara Evans eventually appeared on stage for “Suds in the Bucket” and fully showed off her vocals by standing in the back with no mic needed.
Malone’s set was a heartfelt homage to country greats past and present. In a poignant moment, he spoke about fatherhood, reflecting on how “these days, it just hits a bit harder,” especially now that his daughter is 2 years old. As the instrumentals of Tim McGraw’s “Don’t Take The Girl” began to play, the sentimentality of the moment resonated throughout the crowd.
Paisley returned for Malone’s final cover of “Chattahoochee” by Alan Jackson. Malone wasted no time, immediately jumping down to the barricades to embrace fans and sign posters as the song played out. It was evident that Malone was in his element, effortlessly mastering a genre that felt like he had been playing for years.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group