With 17 live performances, this is not the show to skip!
Country Living editors select each product featured. If you buy from a link, we may earn a commission. Why Trust Us?
The Academy of Country Music Awards are back and better than ever with a star-studded list of performers, nominees, and presenters! Fans and artists alike are on the edge of their seats waiting to see who will take home each award, particularly the coveted Entertainer of the Year award. 
For the 59th ACM Awards, Reba McEntire will return to host for the 17th time live from the Ford Center at The Star in Frisco, Texas. "I am tickled to pieces to get to host the ACM Awards for the 17th time!” Reba McEntire exclaimed. “What an honor to have been part of the past, present and now the future of the Academy of Country Music with Amazon Prime Video. I can’t wait to get to Texas and see everybody May 16th!" McEntire will be the sole host for the 2024 show, but she'll have plenty of help from legendary presenters including Little Big Town and Randy Travis. 
If you're as excited as we are about country music's biggest party of the year, you won't want to miss the show: here's how to watch the ACM Awards in 2024! 
The show is available exclusively on Prime Video, so don't expect to find it on cable. Tune in to Prime Video on Thursday May 16 to watch the ACM Awards live. Here's the good news: Whether you're a Prime member or not, the show is free to stream live. The festivities will begin on Prime at 8 p.m. ET and 5 p.m. PT. 
If you're wondering 'Can I watch the ACM Awards later?' or you're reading this after May 16, there's an option for you too. The full ACM Awards broadcast will be available to stream on Prime Video immediately after the show. Fans can also stream the show for free on Amazon Freevee beginning the following evening.
The ACM Awards show is known for its stellar lineup of performers every year, and this year is no exception. In April, the Academy announced the initial slate of performers which includes: Jason Aldean, Kane Brown, Jelly Roll, Cody Johnson, Miranda Lambert, Thomas Rhett, Chris Stapleton, and Lainey Wilson. Reba McEntire will also take the stage to perform a brand new song!
In the week leading up to the show, ACM announced even more performers. Post Malone, who collaborated with Morgan Wallen on his new song "I Had Some Help," will take the ACM stage for the first time ever. Kelsea Ballerini and Noah Kahan will take the stage as a duo as well as New Male Artist of the Year nominee Nate Smith and Avril Lavigne. Husband and wife Blake Shelton and Gwen Stefani will also perform a duet (they've had some practice on this front). Lastly, Parker McCollum rounds out the list of 2024 ACM performers. 
Maggie Horton is the Associate News Editor at Country Living. She covers all things entertainment from celebrity news to TV shows and movies. When she's not posting to social media, researching the latest celebrity gossip or binging the hottest new TV series, you can find her at a local concert or outside enjoying nature. 
Lainey Wilson Scores Feature Film Debut
How to Watch the 2025 Kentucky Derby
Beach Instagram Captions to Seas the Day
Kate Middleton Has a New Lighter Hair Color
Princess Charlotte's Birthday Portrait, by Kate
Shania Twain Fans Say She's "Glowing" in New Photo
Rare Photos of Every Triple Crown Winner
Funny Birthday Wishes, Knee Slaps Guaranteed
The Best Mother's Day Messages for the Best Mom
Short Mother-Daughter Quotes to Touch Her Heart
Trisha Yearwood Announces "New Chapter"
Meghan Markle Says That Prince Harry Saved Her
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.