By 

	Jon Blistein


Post Malone and Blake Shelton made the rounds at CMA Fest in Nashville last night to deliver not one, but two performances of their still-unreleased collaboration, tentatively titled “Pour Me a Drink.”

	Post Malone first made a special surprise appearance at Nissan Stadium, where he delivered a solo rendition of his song with Morgan Wallen, “I Had Some Help.” Per The Tennessean, Posty then spoke a bit about his forthcoming country album before welcoming Shelton to the stage. 

	The Nissan stadium performance found Malone and Shelton backed by a full band, revealing the song’s solid, stadium-ready country-rock foundation. Later that night, however, the pair performed a stripped-down, fully acoustic rendition at a much more intimate gig at Shelton’s Ole Red bar, which has been rebranded as Spotify House for the streaming service’s annual CMA Fest activation.
A post shared by Holler (@hollercountry)

	Post Malone first teased ‘Pour Me a Drink” a couple weeks ago on Instagram, sharing a video of him pouring himself a drink (obviously), listening to the song, singing along, and even doing a bit of air-drumming. It’s still unclear when the single will get an official release. 

	











	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Walton Goggins Shuts Down Interview Over Aimee Lou Wood Questions		
	









	
	
		
					Piper Rockelle Has a Lot to Say About That Netflix Documentary		
	








	“Pour Me a Drink” would mark the second offering from Post Malone’s highly-anticipated country album, which is expected to arrive this year. His first proper single, “I Had Some Help” with Wallen, arrived last month and easily hit Number One on the Billboard Hot 100. 

	Country has always been an influence, and part of Post Malone’s repertoire, but the singer has really leaned into it over the past year or so. He seemed to officially kick off this new era in April, first with a surprise performance at the famed Ryman Auditorium in April, followed a few weeks later by his set at  Stagecoach, where he performed a set of country covers and was joined on stage by the likes of Brad Paisley, Dwight Yokam, and Sara Evans. He’s also performed at the 2024 Academy of Country Music Awards, honored Dickey Betts with a cover of “Ramblin’ Man” with Reba McEntire, and, of course, joined Beyoncé on “Levii’s Jeans” from Cowboy Carter. 
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.