By
New XXXTentacion arises. 
Kehlani crashed last weekend with a progressive new album. The song of the summer races is heating up; however, many new faces are releasing amazing music throughout the week. With the mega stars’ albums arriving next week, established and newfound acts are releasing their anticipated albums ahead to avoid the heatwave. 
The Hot Girl Summer officially begins this Friday. From West Coast artists expanding on the Pop-Out’s unity to Jadakiss and Juelz honoring B.I.G. to DaBaby and Key Glock refusing to take their foot off the gas, here is a complete list of new music you might have missed this week.
XXXTentacion Releases “Teeth (Interlude)”
The late rap star’s estate unveils another unreleased track, leaving fans curious of a new album arising. The track is a simple but intoxicating melody filled with an eerie production. It appears to be an appetizer for a full course, which should be announced soon. 
6lack Says “F*ck The Rap Game”
The music industry has always been an emotionally draining journey for the Atlanta brave. In his latest release, he expresses  his bittersweet infatuation with the game the best way he knows how. The captivating single previews a amazing new album coming soon. 
Post Malone & Blake Shelton Ask You To “Pour Me A Drink”
Fully embracing the country music transition, Posty enlists a legendary collaboration and familiar hitmaking concept on his latest release. The track’s commercial appeal cements the award-winning artist’s next act will be equally as successful as the last. 
“Uh Huh,” Tyga & 310Babii Got Some New Heat
Racket City gets soaked just in time for the summer heatwave by the new collaboration about chasing women, crashing out on the haters, and being the flyest in the room. Injecting the new wave with the undeniable consistency makes it another no-brainer for the nightclubs and after-hours. 
Jay Worthy, Ty Dolla $ign, A-Trak, Channel Tres, & DJ Quik Roll Down “105 West”
The Pop Out pushed the West Coast into the forefront of today’s hip-hop. Re-establishing the palm trees, low-riders, and bad traffic, this new well-crafted ensemble takes us on a ride we won’t forget on the new collaboration. 
G-Eazy Takes Us To The “Freak Show”
The Bay Area superstar returns with his magnetic rap style centered around a freaky new sound to tailor his new concept. The album features Coi Leray, French Montana, Leon Bridges, and Kaliii. 
Jaden Gives Out “Roses”
Will’s son appreciates nature with a soothering melody that uproots the popular artist’s beautiful soul. Move over Tyler, their is a new Flower Boy in Hip-Hop.
Tee Grizzley Tells More Of The Story In “Robbery 7”
Revenge is on the mind of the Detroit storyteller in the latest installment in the ongoing story. Mapping out his next moves and assembling a new crew, the rap star is ready for the big payback.
Juelz Santana & Jadakiss Sit Back, “Party N Bullsh*t”
Harlem and Yonkers link up and stir up drama for their enemies in the new collaboration. Honoring the late Frank White, these two elite lyricsts bring the rawkus for the new generation that ain’t been heard since the 90s.
Mustard & Travis Scott Pull Up To The “Parking Lot”
With Faith of a Mustard Seed on the way,  the reemergence of the West Coast producer comes with a blockbuster lead collaboration with La Flame that will go way pass the parking lot and to the top of the charts. Feels good to here “Mustard On The Beat, Ho,” again as he continues his 10 summers reign. 
DaBaby Says He Is “Done Trying”
Over trying to regain the love, the North Carolina rap star focuses on what’s important to him on the new track. He continues to showcase his irresistible style as he travels across the country to enjoy whatever his heart desires.
Bay Swag Is A “Worldwide Sniper”
As he campaigns to take over the Summerjam stage next year, the Drill artist scopes out the competition for deletion in his latest track. At this rate, we could be looking at the next Summer Jam headliner. 
Erica Banks Puts That Thang “On His Face”
The Dallas artist returns to her raunchy ways in the new single. While the bars are injected with twerk-igniting persuasion, they are also crafty, catchy, and raw that we haven’t heard in a long time. 
Shoreline Mafia Get Back To “Work”
Back together again, the group pick up where they left off with their street-infused raps that the ladies can’t get enough of. The new track easily ignites the newfound love and established the patience for their anticipated album.
Key Glock Is All About That “Big Big Money”
The Memphis artist might be the sleeper of the summer as he continues to pump out hit, after hit, after hit, ahead of his highly-anticipated new album. On the new track, he proves he can talk about money in a million different ways and they are all equally as persuasive. 
K Carbon & YTB Fatt Spends “My Money”
The new collaboration boosts the Memphis artist’s southern charm to the masses just in time for the new album. The track’s hustler ambition  will motivate anyone to get up and get to the money. The track is a part of the buzzing new album featuring GloRilla and Big30. 
Lizzen Tells To Get “On The Bus”
The debut album speaks to the dreamers as the rising star reflects on the days of driving around writing music with the fantasies of performing for millions. Featuring Robin Thicke, Keith Sweat, and Jacquees, if you miss that 90s R&B, then hop on and take this ride.
B-Lovee & Cash Cobain Are “All Alone”
The hottest artist in New York links up with a new sensation for a trending sexy drill track. A lover boy, but not sucka, the track is ready for the sheets and streets as the summer heat approaches record highs.
Steph G Gives You “One Taste” & You’re Hooked
Following the addictive “Feeling Myself,” the most exciting new artist’s track is poised to make waves just in time for the Summer. Is there a new Queen in Brooklyn? After you hear “One Taste,” it will be clear to see that the title could definitely change hands in no time with the new star on the rise
J$PH & Big K.R.I.T. Ask If You Want To Elevate, Than “Get With Us”
The Arlington riser enlists one of the greatest lyricists of the Blog Era to impress after his family matters breakout track. The new collaboration is drowned in the same traditional underground southern-fried charm that made “Mt. Olympus,” “Country Sh*t,” and “K.R.I.T. Here” the classics they are today. The lone star continues to ascend. 
Fridayy Finds “The Baddest In The Room”
His uncanny and undeniable genre fusion shines through this track, merging styles into a sound without comparison. As he sings, “You’re the baddest in the room…I’m five shots in right now and all I see is you.” His loverunk vocals take hold on the intoxicating hook.
Spice  & Busta Rhymes Hit The Dancehall With “Round Round”
The intoxicating, iconic club banger will undoubtedly serve as the soundtrack of the summer, blending their unique styles and creating a mesmerizing fusion of hip-hop, alternative/techno, dancehall, and country music. It is set to become the new party anthem, captivating audiences with infectious beats, a catchy hook, and fiery lyrical delivery, showcasing both artists’ unparalleled talent and versatility. 
Quincy Arrives On “Your Time”
Going from the TV screen to the stereo for a dedication track about appreciating the time shared between lovers. The track captures the ups and downs of love as it remembers the cherished memories after time runs out. Rest in peace, Misty. 
Are you a HOT 97 VIP?  Unlock exclusive, VIP Only access to the latest news, offers, contests, events, and more.  There is no cost to join for a limited time.
Δ
#1 for Hip Hop
Copyright 2024 Hot 97