Every product was carefully curated by an Esquire editor. We may earn a commission from these links. Here’s how we test products and why you should trust us.
The longtime friend of the footwear brand has finally made it official.
“What do you like to do in your Uggs?”
Post Malone answered, speaking into a tiny Ugg-boot-shaped mic for the brand’s planned social-media campaign, with a list of media-friendly activities: performing, playing with his daughter, that type of stuff. Then there was a pause, and with a grin and a quick glance at his team, he added, “And I like to blow stuff up in them.”
The rest of the room didn’t find it funny, but that’s what sold me. Malone’s work has always defied categorization. Even with the arrival of F-1 Trillion, which features Nashville legends like Chris Stapleton, Tim McGraw, and Dolly Parton, Malone has resisted being labeled as a full-on country artist. But saying you like to blow stuff up on your Utah ranch in a branded TikTok, that’s a Hank Jr. move. Post Malone, the man, has gone a bit more outlaw, a bit more country, and he’s never been more interesting as a spokesman. Ugg got him at just the right time.
This all happened in Nashville in mid-June, when he’d spent a day filming promotional videos for the new weatherized Ugg collection, which launched a few weeks ago. But as of today, Post Malone is officially an Ugg men’s ambassador. When we spoke in June, “I Had Some Help,” the lead single with Morgan Wallen off F-1 Trillion, had debuted at number one and was in week four of its five-week reign atop the charts. 
It had been a long day on set. It was dusk, still humid and hot outside, and the energy was a bit tense, businesslike. But Post Malone came bouncing into the greenroom—which was filled with stylist pulls of incredible vintage workwear, Wrangler jeans, RRL jackets, and Lucchese boots—wearing the new Uggs and as bubbly as ever. He was fresh off a smoke break (still Camel Crush, if you were wondering), about halfway through a beer (in a red Solo cup, not sure of the brand), and ready to talk about his new Ugg ambassadorship. This interview has been edited and condensed.
ESQUIRE: How’re you enjoying this Tennessee heat? 
POST MALONE: It’s crazy! They have me here in a leather jacket, but it’s fun. I got to meet Jasper and Bandit [the on-set horses], and it’s been fun. 
So now you’re officially an Ugg ambassador, but you’ve been an Ugg guy for a while. How did your original custom camo Uggs come about? 
I love MultiCam. I love OCP. I love M81. I love learning about camouflage, all the different things that go into it, and how it fucks your brain up. I was like, I have all these patterns on every other piece of clothing, but camo Uggs would really fuck the game up. So we got an Ugg boot made in that print [MultiCam]. 
I didn’t know you were a camo nerd. 
I love it so much. 
When I was snooping around, I saw your Chateau Marmont hat in Mossy Oak Country DNA, and I’m really jealous of it. 
I love that hat. Just the juxtaposition of it I think is funny. 
And the new Uggs that you’re modeling with this ambassadorship, how do you feel about them?
I think they’re beautiful. I can’t wait to rock the hell out of all of them. I’m excited, and I’m having so much fun. Plus, everyone is so kind to me, so I’m just grateful to be here. 
The Ugg team is great, too. It’s hot as hell in Nashville, and all day everyone’s trying to give me an umbrella. I know I’m burnt at this point anyway, but everyone is amazing.
Have you been getting down to Nashville a lot making the new record?
Yeah, I’ve been here just writing with friends. I’m meeting people, amazing artists that I’ve loved forever. 
Who are those big names you’ve wanted to meet forever? 
I met Tim McGraw. I got to hang out with Miranda [Lambert]. Blake [Shelton] is a trip. And you know, just writing with Morgan and HARDY and Luke [Combs], those are the boys. I’ll get to write with Dean Dillon.  
Whoa, big names indeed. 
Yeah, and I’ve had so much fun. I’ve wanted to make a record like this forever, and I’m just having the time of my life. It’s such a fun experience. Band day in Nashville is my favorite thing, because we get Dave Cohen, Larry Franklin, Paul Franklin, and all these great musicians. Everybody just comes out and fucking shreds. It’s just the coolest thing to watch. These are probably the most talented musicians I’ve seen in my entire life. They just come to a session and one-take these songs and bring them to life. It’s the most insane thing for me. Every time I just sit there. We might have back-and-forth here and there, but I’m in the control room, and I’m just like, “There’s nothing to fix.”
It’s the most amazing thing I’ve seen in my entire life, and it brings me so much joy. Because you can also walk into any bar around here and see the dopest dude you’ve seen in your entire life. 
The place is crawling with world-class singer-songwriters and session musicians. 
It’s amazing, right? These dudes make a seven-piece band come together like nothing. I’ve never seen anything like it in my entire life.
Your reverence and understanding of country has always surprised me. Like whenever you talk about it or play it, it’s always well informed. 
Yeah, I always harp on this, but I think the coolest thing is how beautiful music is in every form. Either it’s hip-hop, metal, or country, and it drove me crazy for the longest time. I was like, “Hey, this is good stuff.” Even if you don’t particularly like it, give it a go and it might actually be for you. Listen to everything.  
That’s why I’m just having so much fun. I’m making the record I wanted with people I’ve listened to my entire life.  
Enjoying the whole Nashville scene, too?
Abso-fucking-lutely. I love drinking as well. 
Nashville’s good for that. 
Yeah, we spend a lot of time at Losers. 
Have you done Santa’s Pub yet? I feel like it’s your vibe: beer only, karaoke, doing the Kacey Musgraves thing where you pop in at random.
I love beer, I love karaoke, and I love Kacey Musgraves, so I really should. But the first night I came, I was hanging out with ERNEST, and he was like, “All right, let’s go to Losers,” and now I can’t even imagine being anyplace else. 
[Laughs.] All right, that’s all I got. 
Cool. Thank you, brother... [To the room] I’m gonna go smoke a cig. 
14 Shoes Made to Withstand the Summer Heat
These Are the Best Jigsaw Puzzles for Adults
A Great Pair of High-Tops Is an Absolute Essential
Our 10 Favorite Undershirts Of All Time
The 10 Best Western Shirts for Men
The Best Checked Luggage Is Built for the Long-Hau
Esquire's 25 Favorite Stationery Items of 2025
The 6 Best Air Purifiers for Your Home
32 Lego Sets for Adults, Because You’re That Bored
What Moms Really Want for Mother's Day
This Is Still the Best Grill
The 5 Best Dolby Atmos Soundbars
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.