Steve-O is getting the true “rockstar” treatment in celebration of his milestone birthday.
The “Jackass” star has asked Post Malone to tattoo his face one day after he turns 50 on June 13. 
“I’m getting my first face tattoo. Post Malone is going to tattoo a d–k on my forehead,” Steve-O exclusively revealed to Page Six over lunch at the Rock & Brews restaurant in El Segundo, Calif., Thursday.
“That’s the plan. He asked, ‘Is it going to be a chode?’ And I don’t even know what a chode is!”
Luckily for Steve-O, Malone won’t be choosing the (ahem, short and thick) size and shape of the phallus tattoo as the comedian told us the sketch is all drawn up and ready to go.
“I’ve designed it already. It’s been designed,” he said, laughing. 
As for where it’s all going down? Steve-O shared that he’s planning to get inked by Malone at the Bonnaroo Music Festival in Manchester, Tenn., on June 14. The “Circles” singer, 28, will be taking the stage later that evening to headline Day 2 of the four-day music festival.
“The bar for my comedy is pretty high these days,” Steve-O continued, bringing up his “last comedy special,” in which he had “a four-inch needle” in his spine. “They injected a drug to paralyze me. And then I took off running after the injection. So I became paralyzed while I was in a full sprint.”
Malone – who is notoriously covered in face tattoos himself – previously got matching ink with Steve-O in 2022. The two tattooed each other in the musician’s home state of Utah, getting “Ghost Malone” artwork that the “Wildboyz” alum brought in as one of three options.
“As soon as I got done tattooing Post, Post tattooed me,” Steve-O said in a video shared to YouTube at the time. “I don’t know how that could have been a more incredible experience.”
During another point in his interview with Page Six, Steve-O (real name: Stephen Glover) took off his shirt to reveal his impressive, nearly 20-pound weight loss transformation. He has been on a mission to get “as healthy as possible” ahead of his 50th birthday.
“I’ve been trying so hard to kick Father Time right in the nuts,” he explained. “I’m just thrilled.”
The comedian also recently celebrated 16 years of sobriety, telling us he’s “grateful” to be where he is today following years of alcohol and substance abuse issues. He’s been vocal about his highs and lows in various interviews, TV shows, his 2022 book, “A Hard Kick in the Nuts: What I’ve Learned from a Lifetime of Terrible Decisions,” and on social media.
“It all began when @johnnyknoxville organized an intervention which saved my life on March 9, 2008,” he reflected in an Instagram post earlier this year, shouting out his longtime friend and “Jackass” co-star. “I cannot even put into words how grateful I am for my recovery… Thank you, Captain!!!”
In addition to celebrating his birthday on June 13, Steve-O will also be releasing the highly anticipated episode of his “Wild Ride! with Steve-O” podcast with guest star Gene Simmons that day.
The two filmed the no-holds-barred conversation on site at Rock & Brews, which the KISS frontman co-owns with now-former bandmate Paul Stanley. The legendary group performed their final two shows at Madison Square Garden in New York City last December as part of their End of the Road World Tour.
“I got to be more like him, he’s just throwing jokes all the time,” Steve-O said of the rock legend, who turns 75 in August. “I actually go out on tour doing comedy and I just couldn’t keep up with him. Our styles of comedy are a little bit different, and that was what was so charming about the episode.”
Fans can catch Simmons’ “Wild Ride! with Steve-O” episode beginning June 13 on all podcast platforms.
Advertisement