According to a new report, the Washington Post (WaPo) is losing $100 million a year and half of its online engagement by the end of 2023.
Four years ago, the Post had a hefty 139 million monthly visitors. By the end of last year, it had less than 60 million.”
“Of that audience, less than one in five read more than a single article per month, while less than one in 500 actually convert to a paying subscription.”
The Post is not only suffering from the absence of a coherent business plan, but it is also suffering from a profound product problem.”
“Washington Post is under fire for repeated anti-Israel bias, systemic sloppiness in Middle East coverage.”
My problem with them is they are far-left, biased, and a dishonest activist outlet.
“Of that audience, less than one in five read more than a single article per month, while less than one in 500 actually convert to a paying subscription.”
— Josh Kraushaar (@JoshKraushaar) January 6, 2024
Jeff Bezos has been coughing up the money to keep the media monstrosity going.
The Post blamed the downward trend on Donald Trump being out of the news, but Trump’s been back for a while, and they’re still imploding.
Their columnists are frauds reporting fake news, with Taylor Lorenz as their most prominent fake news purveyor.
WaPo defames people they disagree with, including Dr. Robert Malone, who is suing them for defamation.
We have subscriptions to the major news outlets, including WaPo, but canceled them even though we only paid $4 monthly. They canceled the payment but not our membership. We seem to have a permanent membership we don’t pay for. Now I understand why. They’re desperate for readers.
Subscribe to the Daily Newsletter
“Those who can make you believe absurdities, can make you commit atrocities,” Professor Richard Lindzen, Brussels, August 2024.
“History repeats itself, first as tragedy, then as farce.” ~ Something apt that Karl Marx said.
“It isn’t that they can’t see the solution. It is that they can’t see the problem.” ~ G.K. Chesterton
“Don’t Gain The World & Lose Your Soul, (Matthew 16:26)  Wisdom Is Better Than Silver Or Gold.” (Proverbs 3:14)
The essence of tyranny is the enforcement of stupid laws.~Edmund Burke
Liberty does not exist in the absence of morality. ~ Edmund Burke.
The American Republic will endure until the day Congress discovers that it can bribe the public with the public’s money. ~ Unknown
Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds. ~ Albert Einstein
If you find an error, please contact us at IndependentSentinelEditor@gmail.com