By ASHLEIGH GRAY FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  06:35, 29 September 2024   |  Updated:  08:21, 29 September 2024   
 9
View  comments
Doja Cat looked sensational on Saturday night as she performed at the 2024 Global Citizen Festival in New York City. 
The 28-year-old music artist — who was spotted rehearsing along with Chris Martin earlier in the day — lit up the stage as she modeled a low-cut, nude dress with sequin-covered fringes during her performance.
The Kiss Me More hitmaker complemented the eye-catching look with lengthy, square-shaped, blood red nails and flesh-toned heels with clear straps.
The Grammy-winning pop star showed of her short, natural hair on stage, which were textured and frosted with blonde tips.
Also performing at the annual music festival this weekend were Post Malone, Lisa, Raye, and Jelly Roll.
Doja Cat looked sensational on Saturday night as she performed at the 2024 Global Citizen Festival in New York City
The 28-year-old music artist lit up the stage as she modeled a low-cut, nude dress with sequin-covered fringes during her performance
The Kiss Me More hitmaker complemented the eye-catching look with lengthy, square-shaped, blood red nails and flesh-toned heels with clear straps. The Grammy-winning pop star showed of her short, natural hair on stage, which were textured and frosted with blonde tips
The California native's face was fully made up, highlighting her beautiful features
Doja Cat, born Amala Dlamini, face was fully made up, highlighting her beautiful features. 
Her eyebrows were hyper-thin, her cheeks were coated in a warm-toned blush, and her plump pout shined in a glossy brown lipstick.
She bared her heavily tattooed arms in the slinky ensemble, which hugged her curves as she commanded attention from concertgoers.
The Global Citizen Festival is part of a movement aimed at ending extreme poverty.
It was founded in 2008 as the Global Poverty Project in Melbourne, Australia.
Over the course of the last 16 years Global Citizens have taken action, calling on world and corporate leaders to make meaningful commitments to put a stop to destitution, according to the organization's website.
With the help of some of the world's biggest artists, Global Citizens have taken over 30 million actions, leading to over $41.1 billion in dispersed funding that's impacted the lives of more than one billion people.
The goals of the festival are closely aligned with the United Nations' Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), which include 17 tasks to end extreme global poverty by 2030.
Jelly Roll was joined by singer-songwriter Jessie Murph as they coordinated in black looks
The 39-year-old Liar hitmaker wore black pants and a black T-shirt, adding a touch of color with a tan-colored zip-up vest
He wore a backwards black baseball cap and a huge, glinting, cuban link chain around his neck as well as a flashy watch on his left wrist
Jelly Roll was joined by singer-songwriter Jessie Murph as they coordinated in black looks.
The 39-year-old Liar hitmaker wore black pants and a black T-shirt, adding a touch of color with a tan-colored zip-up vest.
He wore a backwards black baseball cap and a huge, glinting, cuban link chain around his neck as well as a flashy watch on his left wrist.
His heavily tattooed arms were displayed as he energetically interacted with the audience on the Great Lawn of Central Park.
For her part, 20-year-old Murph rocked her long, jet black hair in a sleek, straight style with a precise center part.
Her blue eyes sparkled as they contrasted against the heavy black liner she circled around them. 
Lisa of K-Pop group Blackpink made her presence known as she wore tiny black leather shorts with rhinestone fringe
The 27-year-old singer teamed her itty bitty bottoms with a coordinating neon yellow, gray, and black top that included mesh and leather materials
Lisa of K-Pop group Blackpink made her presence known as she wore tiny black leather shorts with rhinestone fringe.
The 27-year-old singer teamed her itty bitty bottoms with a coordinating neon yellow, gray, and black top that included mesh and leather materials.
Her sporty and glamorous look was punctuated by a pair of coordinating shiny black combat boots.
Her long, ginger-toned hair flowed freely down her back and over her chest, framing her face with blunt bangs. 
Gayle King, 69, looked youthful in a neon green turtleneck sweater and light wash jeans covered in sparkly stones.
At one point, she spoke onstage, addressing the live audience in Central Park. 
Gayle King, 69, looked youthful in a neon green turtleneck sweater and light wash jeans covered in sparkly stones
At one point, she spoke onstage, addressing the live audience in Central Park
L-R Gianni Infantino, Hugh Jackman, Gayle King, Hugh Evans and DJ Khaled
Pop-rock music artist Benson Boone put on a stylish display as he performed in light wash jeans with frayed hems
The 22-year-old crooner tucked a sleeveless blue jersey into his jeans, which he secured with a red rhinestone-embellished belt
Pop-rock music artist Benson Boone put on a stylish display as he performed in light wash jeans with frayed hems.
The 22-year-old crooner tucked a sleeveless blue jersey into his jeans, which he secured with a red rhinestone-embellished belt.
The effortlessly cool outfit was rounded out with a pair of white Adidas sneakers with burgundy accents and a gummy sole.  
His tousle of dark curls fell down his neck and around his face as he broke a sweat while belting out his hits.
Global Citizen Ambassador Hugh Jackman hosted the yearly event and sported a black Global Citizen bomber jacket. 
The 55-year-old Australian actor was joined on stage by FIFA President Gianni Infantino, 54, at one point during his hosting duties. 
Global Citizen Ambassador Hugh Jackman hosted the yearly event and sported a black Global Citizen bomber jacket
The 55-year-old Australian actor was joined on stage by FIFA President Gianni Infantino, 54
Bridget Moynahan, 53, and Rachel Brosnahan, 34,  accompanied each other on stage as they participated in the charity event
Brosnahan wore a denim-on-denim outfit with tiny rhinestones embellishing the co-ord. Her long-sleeved, button-up shirt-jacket was left unfastened, teasing her toned tummy as she layered a black crop top underneath
Bridget Moynahan, 53, and Rachel Brosnahan, 34, accompanied each other on stage as they participated in the charity event.
For her part, Brosnahan wore a denim-on-denim outfit with tiny rhinestones embellishing the co-ord.
Her long-sleeved, button-up shirt-jacket was left unfastened, teasing her toned tummy as she layered a black crop top underneath.
The star's rich, deep red-tinted locks were pulled back into a slick, neat, fuss-free ponytail she wore with a center part. 
Meanwhile, Bridget chose wide-leg black jeans and a button-up, satin, red shirt for the star-studded occasion. 
Another famous face at the celebrity-filled event was 48-year-old DJ Khaled
Khaled was unfazed by the inclement rainfall in New York City on Saturday night
There was also a joint on-stage appearance by singer-songwriter Gavin DeGraw, 47, and Josh Fox
Gavin joyfully held his dog Buddy
English anthropologist Jane Morris Goodall, 90, delighted festivalgoers as she took the stage on Saturday evening; pictured with Hugh Evans, Founder & CEO of Global Citizen
The renowned chimpanzee expert wore a blue sweater, red shawl with fringe, and dark slacks as she addressed the crown
English anthropologist Jane Morris Goodall, 90, delighted festivalgoers as she took the stage on Saturday evening.
The renowned chimpanzee expert wore a blue sweater, red shawl with fringe, and dark slacks as she addressed the crown.
Her long, white-gray hair was pulled back into a low ponytail and she flashed her megawatt smile throughout the affair. 
She was accompanied by Hugh Evans, Founder & CEO of Global Citizen as she walked the red carpet.
Global Grift Festival. It&rsquor;s just like Arche...

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group