Welcome to Layup Lines, For the Win's basketball newsletter. Subscribe here to get it delivered to your inbox every Monday, Wednesday and Friday. Have feedback for the Layup Lines Crew? Leave your questions, comments and concerns through this brief reader survey. Now, here's Mike Sykes
Happy Friday, folks! Welcome back to Layup Lines. Thanks so much for joining me today. I hope you have a fantastic weekend ahead of you. I also hope you're ready for All-Star weekend!
The NBA is descending upon Indianapolis today and, well, honestly, there doesn't seem to be much excitement about it. Maybe it's just the collective Super Bowl hangover the sports world has right now considering how close these two events are, but it just feels quiet.
I think there are a few factors at play here in this malaise:
— The game is in Indianapolis, which is a very nice city! I don't mean this in any way as a dig against the city or the good folks living there. But it's not going to get people hype like, say, Los Angeles or New Orleans or Chicago.
— Joel Embiid is missing. He could've been the NBA's MVP; he won't be playing this year because of injury. That's a big loss, man.
— LeBron James and Steph Curry have both just been...kind of average this season. At least by their standards. And they're still the torch-bearers for the league. People care about them most and when they're not doing as well, it shows.
— Meanwhile, the defending champions with Nikola Jokic, who is arguably the best player in the league, is poo-pooing the game. Mike Malone told the Denver Post "I feel bad for Nikola" because he's going to Indy instead of getting rest. What a ringing endorsement of the NBA's biggest showcase.
The thing that has most people hype is the Sabrina Ionescu vs. Steph Curry 3-point shootout. That should be fun! We'll also get another Mac McClung show in the dunk contest and I'm always here for that.
There are going to be some enjoyable moments this season. It's All-Star weekend. It's a celebration of basketball — the sport we all love. It's the best the NBA has to offer all in one place. This just...works. Every single year. No matter how I feel heading into it, I get giddy once the game is about to start. It happens like clockwork. I'm sure it'll happen again this year, too.
But I just want to feel that from the jump again. And this year? I'm honestly just not feeling it. This weekend feels a bit bleh. And I hate that for us all.
For years, the NBA has tinkered with the All-Star game's format. The league added the whole All-Star drafted and implemented the Elam ending to try and make things interesting.
All of that is gone now, our Bryan Kalbrosky writes.
It's back to the traditional East-West format the league has used for decades. Why? Because that stuff had run its course, according to Adam Silver in an appearance on JJ Reddick's Old Man and the Three podcast. The league wasn't happy with last year's game and shook things up because of it.
It's about getting "back to basketball," according to Silver. Here's more from the Indy Star: "It's fitting with the entire theme of our season which essentially, 'Back to basketball,'" Silver said. "... Since we're coming back to such a traditional market, we're going back to the classic format."
That's not shocking. It's been the focus of the NBA all season long. Silver has been preaching about it since the start of the season.
READ MORE: Adam Silver wants to change the way we talk about the NBA
The Elam ending and extra flare added to the All-Star game was fun. I enjoyed it. I honestly wish there was a way to continue to incorporate it. But if these changes lead to a better All-Star game? I'm here for it.
This weekend is a lot to keep up with for me and it's my job. So I know for you all out there it's a ton. No worries, though. That's what we're here for. Here are all the posts with rosters, rules and everything else you need to know for this weekend's action.
FRIDAY
— Here are the rosters, rules and format for the NBA's Rising Stars challenge
— Here are the rosters and coaches for this year's celebrity game.
SATURDAY
— 3-point contest participants: Damian Lillard (Bucks), Jalen Brunson (Knicks), Tyrese Haliburton (Pacers), Lauri Markkanen (Jazz), Malik Beasley (Bucks), Donovan Mitchell (Cavaliers), Trae Young (Hawks) Karl-Anthony Towns (Timberwolves)
— Dunk contest: Jaylen Brown (Celtics), Jaime Jaquez Jr. (Heat), Mac McClung (Osceola Magic), Jacob Toppin (Westchester Knicks)
— Everything you need to know about Steph and Sabrina's 3-point shootout.
SUNDAY 
— NBA All-Star game starters, reserves and replacements for the East and West.
Now you're in the know!
— Anthony Edwards is really a Michael Jordan clone. Ben Fawkes has more on this. You'll see what I mean.
— Micah Parsons is out here ruining Stephen A. Smith's coaching debut. Here's Charles Curtis with more.
— This incredible quote from Victor Wembanyama has me so excited about his future with the Spurs. Here's Meghan Hall with more.
— Here's Prince Grimes with the best bets for the weekend.
Thanks so much for reading today, folks! Enjoy the weekend. Let's get ready for some basketball. We'll talk again next week. Until then, peace!
— Sykes ✌️