The mood here has been hostile lately, hasn’t it? By here, I mean Florida. By lately, I mean as far back as memory can reach before blacking out for self-preservation.
Florida’s lawmakers are routinely hostile to the state’s own residents. Non-Floridians are hostile to Floridians. Now comes the season for Floridians to be hostile to nonhostile non-Floridians. Follow? No? It’s like being caught in an episode of “Real Housewives” with no safe word. So much pinot grigio and sun poisoning.
Miami Beach is cracking down on spring breakers with restrictions from bag searches to cafe closures, moves detractors have called racist and anti-business. Gov. Ron DeSantis has pledged state troopers to help around Florida. He announced this at a news conference behind a sign that said “Law & Order” with … an alligator! Mouth midchomp and all! Florida’s most highway-blocking, golf course-interloping, small dog-nomming, chaos-causing creature! It does not get any more satirical than this poster, folks. This poster was pure poetry.
The heightened party awareness begs the question: Will spring breakers iced out of Miami flood Tampa Bay?
Well, we don’t know. I can’t imagine anyone used to the singular thrills of South Beach finding us a sexy enough replacement, even with this area’s profound increase of neon signs in restaurants. But we’re going to get people. We’re already getting people. Tampa International Airport broke its single-day passenger record at the end of February and is prepping for as many as 100,000 passengers every day in the coming weekends.
What to do about it? OK, I’m going to suggest a maneuver that will make everyone extra hostile, a bit steamy between the ears. Ready?
We can be patient.
Now, now. I’m not saying anyone should put up with violence, destruction or mayhem. Law enforcement will be out in normal numbers here patrolling for DUIs and the like. A Clearwater police lieutenant told the Tampa Bay Times that most disturbances around Clearwater Beach’s Pier 60 don’t start with visitors but locals.
I’m saying we can release the hate valve for tourists a touch. Let a few Post Malone bangers slide out of a car window or four. Leave 10 minutes earlier to reach destinations near a shoreline. Practice empathy and tolerance as tourists wander Tampa Bay with packs on their fannies and sunspots in their eyes.
Sharing is caring! And with our weather blessings, abundant natural splendors and penchant for elite theme parks, Florida has always been a communal property.
I toddled on down to Clearwater Beach this week to take in the visual feast of visitors. They were so hopeful. So fresh. So alive pre-hangover. I felt fond of them, thankful that despite Florida’s rotten press around the country, people still want to get silly in our backyard.
Subscribe to our free Stephinitely newsletter
Want more of our free, weekly newsletters in your inbox? Let’s get started.
Long have these guests traveled to buy a T-shirt that says, “I flexed and the sleeves fell off.” For many months, they have waited to slide into their taupe Hey Dude shoes, footwear as ugly as Crocs with, somehow, none of the fashion.
Young people deserve a chance to walk shoulder to shoulder down a sidewalk, hoping to be noticed but pretending not to care. To scald their bikini butts on metal barstools outside a taqueria. To badly sunburn their legs on one side.
Families have toiled to trade the stress of home for the stress of travel. At last, they may pack their wet bodies into lobby elevators while yelling, “Has anyone seen Todd?” Yes! We have! Todd is at the continental breakfast stealing Pop Tarts in multiples of five!
Friends have saved pennies to execute the ritual of drinking juicy, icy rum runners out of plastic buckets with four straws, buying silver jewelry with interlocking dolphins, finding out if they can wear neon or if neon wears them. They have trained physically to cart 12-packs of Coors to the room and fall asleep to the sweet echoes of HGTV.
Let them borrow our space. In turn, we Floridians will ask for their grace when we come in droves to the mountains of Georgia and North Carolina, don our flannel shirts and buy small-batch jam from the corner store while declaring, “This is the life.”
For weekly bonus content and a look inside columns by Stephanie Hayes, sign up for the free Stephinitely newsletter.
Stephanie Hayes is a columnist offering her thoughts on current events, life and culture. She can be reached at shayes@tampabay.com. 
The Tampa Bay Times e-Newspaper is a digital replica of the printed paper seven days a week that is available to read on desktop, mobile, and our app for subscribers only. To enjoy the e-Newspaper every day, please subscribe.