CHARLOTTE, N.C. (WBTV) - As Charlotte takes a deep breath and tries to recover from an emotional week, a celebration of love and life is happening right now in uptown. 
The Lovin’ Life Music Festival rolled into town for three days with some big-time headliners drawing in thousands of fans from hundreds of miles away.
“It’s the first time they’re having this festival. Looking forward to seeing how the setup is and everything.” Margeaux Hutton said before entering the venue.
The excitement of being the first. The first concert of its kind, the first to attend, and for Regan Kelley her first festival ever.
“I’ve never been to a music festival before, so it was a good variety of people to see.” Kelley said.
And some came from different states and from pretty far away.
“It took like five and a half hours.” one concertgoer exclaimed.
And this concert packed the headliner roster with names such as Post Malone, Stevie Nicks and the Avett Brothers. There was even a rumor going around for a while that a certain top-level performer might stop by.
“Taylor Swift!” one fan shouted.
“No way, she’s not coming.” Logan Webb doubted.
“I am a Swiftie, but I don’t think she’s going to be here tonight. I wish she would be.” Caroline Rewalt said.
“I think if she showed up everyone will just flock to the front.” Caroline McMillian told us.
But for the die-hard Swifties especially ones tatted up with her symbol, they were taking no chances, and plans had to be hatched.
“I will trample and stampeded if I have to to get to the front.” Swiftie Isabella Nunez told WBTV’s Ron Lee.
But if you didn’t want to take your chance on the ground if the Swift one decided to show up, you could just spring for a high-rent apartment overlooking the venue and enjoy the music from the comfort of your own home.
“Lovin’ Life Music Festival, it’s in the name. We’re just going to go out here and love life and going to have some good vibes.” concertgoer John Gttem said.
Charlotte-Mecklenburg police were on hand to keep the peace. And their presence was warmly welcomed considering what the city just went through.
“I think this will help Charlotte as a whole and come together as a community after that awful event.”
Download the free WBTV News app for the latest updates sent straight to your phone.
Copyright 2024 WBTV. All rights reserved.