The story for The Super Bowl halftime is the complete absence of rock and roll music. Rock music shut out from the inside out with this year's picks for entertainment.
The Super Bowl we always wait only to be disappointed as if the Hall of Fame Committee had a hand in picking the artists. This year Apple Music has forked out a lot of money to bring all this talent together. 2024 they have picked the artist Usher. Usher is widely recognized as an influential figure in contemporary R&B and pop music.
Rock And Roll at The Super Bowl ?
Red Hot Chili Peppers played in 2014. The Who in 2010. The Boss Bruce Springsteen  2009, Tom Petty 2008. Prince 2007 was the best in Super Bowl history. The Rolling Stones in 2006, and Sir Paul McCartney in 2005. Why is rock music in such a slump?
The National Anthem sung by Reba McEntire. Even Las Vegas has all kinds of bets on how long the artists sing the anthem if they mess up the words. The artist Post Malone will sing, "God Bless America."
Frontman Dave Grohl of Foo Fighters (Photo by Ethan Miller/Getty Images)
Suggestions like the Foo Fighters, Metallica, Motley Crue, Bon Jovi, Ac/Dc, The Eagles, Def Leppard, The Black Crowes and so many more.
"The hardest part of Super Bowl prep has been choosing the set list. "You've have 13 minutes in order to get through an entire legacy of music," Usher explained, according to 9 News.
Super Bowl LVIII takes place on Sunday, Feb. 11 at Allegiant Stadium in Paradise, Nevada. The show will also air live on CBS, Nickelodeon and Univision, streaming live on Paramount+, NFL+ and Vix.
The Puppy Bowl XX will air Sunday, February 11, 2024 at 2 p.m. The feel good program of the year has always been the Puppy Bowl. They also have a kitten play half time that is a can't miss.
Local Puppy Kisses
What an exciting time for football. And with the Super Bowl around the corner, you might as well make sure you have your appetizers and snacks in order. Whether you're excited about the game, the insane commercials, or the halftime show, it's certain that most people will be chowing down on apps.
Last year, a study found that appetizers make up most people’s diets on gameday. Interestingly, 70% of people skip the entrée and stick to appetizers on Super Bowl Sunday. This study also found that 41% say they tend to overeat.
Another study found that more than half of people look forward to game day parties because of the food. Also, highlighted is that 74% of people plan to make food at home. Meanwhile, 26% plan to order from restaurants. Either way, there will be food.
Taste of Home compiled a list of what they consider to be the best of the best when it comes to apps. Their top five include an antipasto platter with meat and cheese cubes, pepper jelly hogs in a blanket, beef Wellington fried wontons, fruit charcuterie board, and ham and Swiss sliders.
There’s something for everyone from last-minute party throwers to ambitious hosts. If you're looking for something quick chips and dip is a go. If you're looking for something with a bit of pizazz, maybe try a quesadilla ring.
This year's Super Bowl will be held on Sunday, Feb. 11. Kickoff is scheduled for 6:30 p.m. EST. Whether you're tuning in for the game, watching for the commercials, or just want to see Usher's halftime show, make sure you have your snacks ready to go.
There are many game day apps you can add to the menu, from wings, dips, and sliders, to desserts, and breads. Check out these appetizers that will make watching the game even more fun.
Whether you're going store-bought or homemade, chicken wings are a definite crowd pleaser. They're easily customizable from a simple dry rub to a tossed-in sauce moment. And if you are trying to keep things somewhat on the healthier side, you can always bake your wings instead of frying them.
KoriKobayashi/ Getty Images
Nachos are a game-day favorite for many. You can go all out with toppings or keep it simple if you need to make something quick. The main ingredients include tortilla chips, cheese, and toppings. These toppings can be meat, tomatoes, black olives, black beans, corn, onions, among others.
bhofack2/ Getty Images
Buffalo chicken dip features chicken mixed with your favorite buffalo sauce and cream cheese. If don't feel like cooking the chicken, you can always grab a rotisserie chicken. It can be paired with tortilla chips, crackers, or toasted baguette slices.
VeselovaElena/ Getty Images
These are a budget-friendly option that can be made with ingredients that you probably already have on hand. It's a more effortless appetizer made with the crispy skins of a baked potato filled with bacon, cheese, sour cream, and chives. To make it more of an appetizer, you can opt for smaller potatoes.
Fudio/ Getty Images
This appetizer is like a miniature bite of comfort food. They're creamy balls of mac and cheese that are crispy on the outside and cheesy on the inside. And they are made with a few ingredients including pasta, cheese, milk, flour, eggs, panko, and seasonings.
bhofack2/ Getty Images
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!