e-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
Sign up for email newsletters
e-Edition
Dwight Yoakam and the Mavericks were at Detroit’s Masonic Temple Theatre for a good time AND a long time on Thursday night, Oct. 3 — the latter perhaps to a fault.
Besides what can only be described as a lot of abundantly fine music, the Americana evening was marked by late set starts and unnecessarily long breaks between acts, pushing past midnight and coasting Yoakam a chunk of his older-leaning audience. He and his four-piece band also sounded rushed during the last 20 minutes or so of their show, hampering the impact of closing favorites such as “Guitars, Cadillacs” and “Fast As You.”
That not insubstantial shortcoming aside, however, there was still plenty to enjoy from all three of the night’s acts — including opener Drayton Farley, a relative newcomer who displayed well-developed skills as a singer and songwriter (and whose bassist, Alex Lyon, hails from Detroit).
Strong and dynamic performances are the standard for both Yoakam and the Mavericks, and each delivered on those expectations — with some special touches in each set. The Mavericks, for instance, surprised its Motown audience when frontman Raul Malo began teasing the Temptations’ “My Girl,” only to have the rest of the band haltingly fall in behind him until the octet decided on the spot to keep it going in the kind of ramshackle but right version that still felt special. “That’s how great that song is,” said Malo, noting that the Mavericks had never played it before and branding it “shameless cultural appropriation.”
Malo also stunned the crowd when he abruptly stopped a rendition of the group’s “Dance in the Moonlight” because his ongoing battle with cancer left him unable to sing in the song’s key. “Full disclosure; I just had my sixth round of chemo yesterday,” he explained. “We’ll get back to you on that one” and continued the show by shifting into “Damned If You Do” from the band’s latest album “Moon & Stars.”
Other than that, however, it was impossible to tell that Malo was having any ill effects from the disease. The Mavericks was in its usual lusty, genre-blending form throughout its 80 minutes on stage; Malo was in good voice, and the group romped through long, jammed out versions of songs such as “Come Unto Me,” “As Long as That’s Love,” “Every Little Thing About You” and Malo’s fiery “Every Little Thing About You” that let guitarist Eddie Perez, accordionist Percy Cardona, trumpeter Julio Diaz, saxophonist Max Abrams and animated keyboardist Jerry Dale McFadden stretch out in a manner that was greater than the sum of its parts.
By the end, of course, the crowd — many of them already fans — was cheering for more than just the music, and there were certainly some converts by the time the group took its final vows.
Yoakam also went off script during his portion of the night. He added his 1987 song “Readin’ Rightin’, Rt. 23” to the set, preceding it with an emotional and sentimental discourse about growing up in Kentucky and watching cross-country vehicles go by on Route 23. He followed that with a rendition of John Prine’s “Paradise,” choking up as he explained how the song spoke to the Depression-era journeys of Appalachians out to California — including Bakersfield, home of Yoakam’s late musical hero Buck Owens.
There were Owens songs in his set, of course — “Streets of Bakersfield,” which he wrote for Yoakam, and “Think of Me.” Yoakam and his band opened with a rockabilly take on the Carter Family’s “Keep on the Sunny Side” and covered Elvis Presley (“Little Sister”), Queen (“Crazy Little Thing Called Love”) and Johnny Horton (“Honky Tonk Man”), rolling tightly from one tune into the other — as is their wont — and spotlighting solos by Eugene Edwards on guitar and mandolin and Steve Peavey on fiddle, pedal steel and keyboards.
Yoakam’s usual showmanship was intact, too; everybody on stage sported some manner of sequined glitter, while Yoakam, mostly in denim with his cowboy hat pulled over his eyes, executed his usual knee and hip swivels while playing his guitar. His own material accounted for most of the highlights, too, including his Post Malone collaboration “I Don’t Know How to Say Goodbye (Bang Bang Boom Boom)” from Yoakam’s upcoming “Brighter Days” album (Nov. 15) and muscular renderings of “Things Change,” “This Time,” Blame the Vain” and “A Thousand Miles From Nowhere” — the latter preceded by a drawn-out story about Billy Bob Thornton’s travels through Michigan last year. (You had to be there, and even then it was…there.)
Some fans weren’t there by then, of course, which was a preventable shame. Here’s hoping that next time through Yoakam and whoever he’s touring with will keep a closer watch on the clock so the performances can be enjoyed by the most people possible.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group