Even if you have seen every single movie that contains a bank robbery scene, you likely have never seen this scenario play out on the big screen, let alone in real life. Just when you think you have seen it all, a dumb criminal pops their head up and proves you wrong.
According to court records, 41-year-old Jason Arsenault pulled up to the drive-through of the Key Bank in South Portland, Maine, wearing a black winter hat, sunglasses and a black mask that covered his face.
To a bank teller that might look out of the ordinary, but it's someone in the drive-through; what threat could they really pose to you or the bank?
When the suspect reached his arm out of the window to grab the container that shoots up through the tube back to the teller, he placed a note in the container and hit send.
Arsenault's note read: "CAR BOMB No Cops Alarms or WE ALL DIE $50,000 in 20's."
The teller complied and sent the requested money back to the suspect through the tube, and then the suspect drove away.
Thinking he had committed the perfect crime, not realizing that a bank has security cameras outside, too, Arsenault went back to his residence and took his mask off before walking in.
Unknown to him, detectives had used surveillance cameras to track his car's movements until they could capture a surveillance image of Arsenault not wearing his mask.
After six days, FBI and detectives showed up and arrested Arsenault, who eventually confessed and even directed them to the cash stash. He had taken the $50,000 in all 20s out to Portland's Baxter Woods, and placed the money off of a walking trail in a backpack.
Was it worth it? Let's say no, as he now faces up to 20 years in prison and a fine of up to $250,000.
Evan Paul is the host of Taste of Country Nights, a syndicated radio show heard on more than 130 country radio stations nationwide, every night from 7PM to midnight. He plays the best new country music and interviews today's top stars, like Luke Combs, Morgan Wallen, Kenny Chesney, Miranda Lambert, Dan + Shay, Keith Urban, Carrie Underwood, Luke Bryan, Chris Stapleton, Lady A, + more!
Gallery Credit: Billy Dukes
Gallery Credit: Carena Liptak
Gallery Credit: Billy Dukes