The excitement is building as Belsonic 2024 prepares to kick off this weekend.
The South Belfast music festival returns from June 7 until June 29 with some huge names set to bring their talents to Belfast.
Once again, the festival is taking place at Ormeau Park and the line-up this year has something to suit all musical tastes.
Read more: Belsonic line-up: Full list of headliners performing at 2024 festival
Read more: Bars near Ormeau Park to check out for a drink before or after Belsonic
To ensure you make the most of the festival this year we've put together this handy guide so if you're wondering how to get there, where to eat and drink, and much more, we've got you covered.
Who is performing at Belsonic:
 Tickets are on sale from www.ticketmaster.ie and www.belsonic.com. 
Please note Farmer's Bash, Picture This, Take That, Shania Twain and Scooter/Ben Nicky are completely sold out.
Belsonic 2024 site set up at Ormeau Park - in pictures
A number of different age restrictions apply for this year's set of gigs so be sure to check carefully before attending.
FARMER'S BASH 2024 - FRI 07 JUNE 2024
 General Admission tickets: Under 16s can attend provided they present at the entrance gate accompanied by a parent or guardian who is also a ticket holder. They will be issued a wristband containing the parent or guardians contact details. A parent or guardian can only sign in a MAX of 2 under 16’s (minimum age limit of 5 years of age and must have show ticket). Parents and guardians must accompany Under 16s at all times.  Golden Circle - Strictly 16+ Only 
PICTURE THIS - SAT 08 JUNE 2024
 General Admission tickets: Under 16s can attend provided they present at the entrance gate accompanied by a parent or guardian who is also a ticket holder. They will be issued a wristband containing the parent or guardians contact details. A parent or guardian can only sign in a MAX of 2 under 16’s (minimum age limit of 5 years of age and must have show ticket). Parents and guardians must accompany Under 16s at all times.  Golden Circle is for those aged 10 and above only. Those aged 10-16 entering the Golden Circle must be accompanied by a parent or guardian over the age of 25. 
LIMP BIZKIT - WED 12 JUNE 2024
General Admission tickets: Under 16s can attend provided they present at the entrance gate accompanied by a parent or guardian who is also a ticket holder. They will be issued a wristband containing the parent or guardians contact details. A parent or guardian can only sign in a MAX of 2 under 16’s (minimum age limit of 5 years of age and must have show ticket). Parents and guardians must accompany Under 16s at all times.
Golden Circle - Strictly 16+ Only
BELTERS ONLY - FRI 14 JUNE 2024
Belters Only age restriction info: This is a strictly over 16's event.
BECKY HILL - SAT 15 JUNE 2024
 General Admission tickets: Under 16s can attend provided they present at the entrance gate accompanied by a parent or guardian who is also a ticket holder. They will be issued a wristband containing the parent or guardians contact details. A parent or guardian can only sign in a MAX of 2 under 16’s (minimum age limit of 5 years of age and must have show ticket). Parents and guardians must accompany Under 16s at all times.  Golden Circle is for those aged 10 and above only. Those aged 10-16 entering the Golden Circle must be accompanied by a parent or guardian over the age of 25. 
STING - WED 19 JUNE 2024
 General Admission tickets: Under 16s can attend provided they present at the entrance gate accompanied by a parent or guardian who is also a ticket holder. They will be issued a wristband containing the parent or guardians contact details. A parent or guardian can only sign in a MAX of 2 under 16’s (minimum age limit of 5 years of age and must have show ticket). Parents and guardians must accompany Under 16s at all times.  Golden Circle is for those aged 10 and above only. Those aged 10-16 entering the Golden Circle must be accompanied by a parent or guardian over the age of 25 
TAKE THAT - SAT 22 JUNE 2024
 General Admission tickets: Under 16s can attend provided they present at the entrance gate accompanied by a parent or guardian who is also a ticket holder. They will be issued a wristband containing the parent or guardians contact details. A parent or guardian can only sign in a MAX of 2 under 16’s (minimum age limit of 5 years of age and must have show ticket). Parents and guardians must accompany Under 16s at all times.  Golden Circle is for those aged 10 and above only. Those aged 10-16 entering the Golden Circle must be accompanied by a parent or guardian over the age of 25 
SHANIA TWAIN - THURS 27 JUNE 2024
 General Admission tickets: Under 16s can attend provided they present at the entrance gate accompanied by a parent or guardian who is also a ticket holder. They will be issued a wristband containing the parent or guardians contact details. A parent or guardian can only sign in a MAX of 2 under 16’s (minimum age limit of 5 years of age and must have show ticket). Parents and guardians must accompany Under 16s at all times.  Golden Circle - Strictly 16+ Only 
SCOOTER / BEN NICKY - SAT 29 JUNE 2024
Scooter / Ben Nicky age restriction info: This is a strictly over 16's event.
Gates open at 6pm so please do arrive on site until close to that time.
Curfew is usually around 11pm but times will be posted on social media the day of the event.
Gates close/last entry is 9.45pm at each show.
Translink Metro will operate a special shuttle bus between Belfast City Centre and Ormeau Park on all concert dates plus Nightmover services for the Greater Belfast area each night.
Event Shuttle Bus
The event shuttle bus (Service 678) will travel to/from all Belsonic events at Ormeau Park from 1730 to 2348:
Nightmovers
Late evening Nightmover services will depart at 24.00
Special Event Travel by Translink
Translink will operate a range of special bus and train travel solutions for Belsonic 2024 to get the public to the concerts and home again. 
 For full information of bus and rail specials for each of the shows, see here
 There is no designated parking at the Belsonic concert site. Organisers are advising concert-goers to travel by public transport if possible. 
The public is reminded to respect the residents living in the surrounding area while attending any of the Belsonic concerts.
 24-hour city centre car parks are available - please click here for more information. 
A wide range of catering and bar facilities will be available.
Food or drink not purchased on site cannot be taken into the venue, there will be searches in place.
 Please contact the Promoter directly should you require to bring food for medical reasons at info@ belsonic.com. 
Photo ID is required for sale of alcohol at event. Please note it is the concertgoer’s responsibility to prove their age when requested.
The Hatfield House
 Click this link or scan the QR code to receive breaking news and top stories from Belfast Live. We also treat our community members to special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners. If you don’t like our community, you can check out any time you like. If you’re curious, you can read our Privacy Notice.
For all the latest news, visit the Belfast Live homepage here and sign up to our What's On newsletter