Subscribe to our Newsletter
Subscribe to our Free Weekly Newsletter
For some of you out there — and you know who you are — all we’d have to say is, “Reba McEntire will be hosting the 59th Academy of Country Music Awards,” and you’d be watching — right?
And, hey, there’s nothing wrong with that. But we just want you to know that there’s also more to the show, which will be available for free streaming live on Prime Video across more than 240 countries and territories starting at 8 pm ET/7 pm CT Thursday, May 16 from Ford Center at The Star in Frisco, Texas.
Post Malone is set to make his debut on the legendary ACM Awards stage, alongside a newly added performance from 2022 New Male Artist of the Year Parker McCollum and must-see lineup of powerhouse duets from Female Artist and Album of the Year nominee Kelsea Ballerini and Noah Kahan. Also on the bill: New Male Artist of the Year nominee Nate Smith and Avril Lavigne; and six-time ACM Award recipient Blake Shelton and Gwen Stefani. As previously announced, the night’s roster of performances will also feature Jason Aldean, Kane Brown, Jelly Roll, Cody Johnson, Miranda Lambert, Thomas Rhett, Chris Stapleton, and Lainey Wilson.
Not incidentally, there will be a show stopping-performance featuring brand new music from this year’s host: Reba McEntire.
"I am tickled to pieces,” Reba says, “to get to host the ACM Awards for the 17th time! What an honor to have been part of the past, present and now the future of the Academy of Country Music with Amazon Prime Video. I can’t wait to get to Texas and see everybody May 16th!”
But wait, there’s more: Five-time ACM Awards winner for National On-Air Personality of the Year, Bobby Bones will be featured throughout the night. His segment, “Backstage with Bobby Bones,” will showcase intimate artist interviews and special moments of the show. 
Presenting awards throughout the program: Alabama, BRELAND, Tyler Cameron, Jordan Davis, Sara Evans, Carin León, Little Big Town, Ashley McBryde, Dion and Rozene Pride, Noah Reid, Richard Sherman, Charissa Thompson, Randy Travis, and Clay Walker.
You can find the full list of nominees for the 59th Academy of Country Music Awards here.
When You Subscribe Today