The singer's upcoming string of live shows will now conclude with two performances at New York City's Madison Square Garden
Will Heath/NBC via Getty
 Jennifer Lopez's upcoming This Is Me... Now the Tour will end a little earlier than expected.

 Nearly a month after the "If You Had My Love" singer, 54, announced her first North American tour in five years, she has canceled seven concerts originally scheduled for an eight-day period of Aug. 22-30 during her trek.

 According to Page Six, Ticketmaster nixed shows from This Is Me... Now the Tour in Nashville; Raleigh, North Carolina; Atlanta; Tampa, Florida; and New Orleans earlier this week, while the Cleveland and Houston concerts no longer exist on the website.

Darren Gerrish/Getty
 Ticketmaster’s site blamed “the event organizer” for the nixed shows but didn't offer any explanation to ticket holders — only a refund, per the outlet.

 However, PEOPLE has learned there was a logistical issue through the tour's promoter with its last several dates, which led to the cancelation.

 In late February, Lopez announced the addition of second shows in Miami, Toronto and her native New York City.

 Currently, This Is Me... Now the Tour will conclude following a two-night stand in N.Y.C. at Madison Square Garden on Aug. 16 and 17.

Stephane Cardinale/Corbis/Getty
 Representatives for Live Nation did not immediately to PEOPLE's request for comment.

 The actor/singer initially announced her string of summer arena concerts in support of her new ninth studio album This Is Me... Now in late February. The tour is set to kick off June 26 at the Kia Center in Orlando, Florida.

 This Is Me... Now the Tour will mark the "Waiting for Tonight" artist's first since 2019's It's My Party Tour, which grossed over $50 million from 37 dates.

 Never miss a story — sign up for PEOPLE's free daily newsletter to stay up-to-date on the best of what PEOPLE has to offer, from celebrity news to compelling human interest stories.

Will Heath/NBC via Getty
 Lopez's latest tour is in support of her latest album This Is Me... Now, which was released on Feb. 16 and acts as a sequel to her 2002 album This Is Me... Then. 

 She also released an accompanying film titled This Is Me...Now: A Love Story, a conceptual musical featuring A-list cameos from Jane Fonda, Keke Palmer, Fat Joe, Post Malone and Sofia Vergara, among others.

 On Feb. 27, she shared the documentary The Greatest Love Story Never Told, which details the making of her latest LP and musical film.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)