Taylor Swift performs onstage during the 36th Annual Rock & Roll Hall Of Fame Induction Ceremony at Rocket Mortgage Fieldhouse on October 30, 2021 in Cleveland, Ohio.
Taylor Swift has announced another special edition of her upcoming The Tortured Poets Department album, this one featuring the bonus track “The Albatross.” The pop icon made the announcement on her social media accounts early Friday morning (February 23). An albatross is not only a bird, but it also refers to a continuing problem that makes it difficult or impossible to do or achieve something. Swift's bonus track announcement features a second slide that reads: "Am I allowed to cry?" Pre-order is available now for eager Swifties on her official site.
The new tunes announcement comes just a week after she announced a separate special edition of the new album, set for release April 19, with the bonus track “The Bolter.” The second slide of Swift's "Bolter" announcement reads: "You don't get to tell me about sad." Also available on the singer-songwriter's site is "The Manuscript." As we previously reported, Swifties strongly believe this upcoming album is about her longtime boyfriend, Joe Alwyn, whom she dated for six years
Side A
Fortnight (feat. Post Malone)
The Tortured Poets Department
My Boy Only Breaks His Favorite Toys
Down Bad
Side B
So Long, London
But Daddy I Love Him
Fresh Out the Slammer
Florida!!! (Florence + the Machine)
Side C
Guilty as Sin?
Who’s Afraid of Little Old Me?
I Can Fix Him (No Really I Can)
loml
Side D
I Can Do It With a Broken Heart
The Smallest Man Who Ever Lived
The Alchemy
Clara Bow
Bonus Track: The Manuscript

A post shared by

The news comes as Swift continues her Eras Tour in Australia. Her football star boyfriend, Travis Kelce, made the long trip to see and support her. Now that he's in the crowd watching her do her thing, Swift changed the lyrics to "Karma" as she performed to give a shoutout to Kelce. Other celebrities who went to the land down under to watch Swift perform include Katy Perry, Taika Waititi, and his wife, Rita Ora.
After years and millions of dollars, the high-tech entertainment venue that is the Las Vegas Sphere has become "a world-first immersive destination." The venue first opened in Las Vegas in September 2023, snagging U2 with an ongoing concert residency starting on September 29 and running through March 2. The band's longtime collaborator and technical director Stefaan “Smasher” Desmedt and technology partner Weka worked together to make the band’s stunning visual imagery in 4K video.
The Sphere’s LED screen inside the theater is 160,000 square feet, boasting 16,000 pixels by 16,000 pixels — the highest resolution in the world. Also featuring 1,600 speaker panels using spatial audio through the screen without any visible speakers in the auditorium, the venue makes those in attendance fully immersed in sound and visuals. The arena can hold up to 18,600 guests in the auditorium. It is no wonder why the company wants to expand, as it is clearly leading the entertainment industry in the right direction.

A post shared by

Besides U2, rumors of Beyoncé planning a Las Vegas residency at the Sphere swirled after her Super Bowl country album announcement in which she sat atop the glowing globe. Partnering with Verizon in the $50 million advertisement, the "Texas Hold 'Em" singer tries to break the internet over and over again. Taking on different personas and skills, she opens a lemonade stand, drops a "saxy" album, becomes a Twitch gamer by the handle @IamSlayoncé, a Beyonc-AI double, Bar-Bey, running for "BOTUS," on top of the Sphere atop a silver horse, and the first woman to launch the first rocket to the first performance in space. The commercial concluded by cryptically teasing the release of "new music," Beyoncé's country album, Act II, on March 29th.
According to the Sphere's website, the immersive venue will host a wide variety of events, including concerts and residencies from the world’s biggest artists, as well as films. Take a look below at five amazing pop artists who would have amazing performances at the Sphere:
With nine albums under her belt, Pink is a seasoned pop artist that would have an amazing residency at the Sphere. Her sound is unique, with her rock-influenced pop songs and powerful voice. She is also known for her aerial acrobatic stage presence in imaginative and creative ways. The artist would be a sight to see when accompanied with stunning visuals that would blow her fans away.
Obviously, anywhere Taylor Swift would play would be sold out in seconds. The record-breaking pop icon performing a residency at the Sphere would be an iconic feat that Swifties would hold dear forever. Though Taylor isn't exactly known for crazy visuals like Pink, we know she has an artistic vision when it comes to her visuals. If Swift were to play the Sphere, it would be interesting to see what kind of cinematic visuals she would have playing around her to accompany her acclaimed music catalog.
Lady Gaga is well-known for her elaborate stage and costumes. If she were to have a residency at the Sphere, we are sure she would go all-out for her Little Monsters. Her versatility and energy is unmatched in the pop industry. Gaga's commitment to her art is impressive. Along with that, her music videos are always well-thought out and creative, and she would surely bring that creative vision to the Sphere.
The rising pop star may not have several albums under her belt like these other seasoned musicians, but she has quickly proven she has the chops to remain a staple in the pop industry. We have already seen her live performances wow audiences with her use of the stage, incorporating moving and climbable objects, suspends herself in the air, and perfect choreography -- all while belting out her hits perfectly. Performing at the Sphere would only cement her status as a pop icon with the visuals we are sure would blow the audience away.
Katy Perry's live performances are as iconic as Pink and Lady Gaga's when we think of elaborate stage sets and costumes. With a more whimsical flair, Perry would turn the Sphere into a magical world when performing songs from her six albums. She has larger-than-life concerts and gives her fans exactly what they want: fun. She has had a Vegas residency before, so if she were to play at the Sphere, we know the pop icon would provide mind-blowing visuals to accompany her set.
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!