E-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
Sign up for email newsletters
E-Edition

			Trending:		
By JAMI GANZ | jganz@nydailynews.com | New York Daily News
Matty Healy claims he’s yet to hear Taylor Swift’s biggest apparent dig at him from her latest album, “The Tortured Poet’s Department.”
Asked about the “diss track” — presumably “The Smallest Man Who Ever Lived” — the 1975 frontman told paparazzi on Wednesday that he hasn’t “really listened to that much of it.”
“But I’m sure it’s good,” continued the “About You” singer, who’s believed to have inspired many of the songs off the 34-year-old Grammy winner’s 11th studio album.
While Swift and Healy were linked as far back as 2014, the two are only confirmed to have dated for a matter of weeks last spring, on the heels of news that Swift and British actor Joe Alwyn had ended their roughly six-year relationship.
Though most Swifties believed Alwyn would naturally serve as the muse for the bulk of the album — a surprise double feature, offering a whopping 31 tracks — it was Healy’s trademarks, such as an affinity for tattoos, smoking, controversial antics and a love of the band The Blue Nile, that bled through many of the lyrics.
This prompted new rounds of speculation about the depths of the musicians’ relationship and just how far back its romantic under or overtones go.
As for “The Smallest Man Who Ever Lived,” the track doesn’t just take shots at Healy’s treatment of Swift, but a not-so-subtle nod at his manhood, with the line: “You didn’t measure up / In any measure of a man.”
Other tracks believed to have drawn from Swift’s time with Healy include “Fortnight (feat. Post Malone),” “Fresh Out the Slammer,” “Guilty as Sin,” “The Black Dog,” “I Can Fix Him (No Really I Can)” and the album’s title track, “The Tortured Poet’s Department.”
Swift is currently in a widely publicized relationship with Kansas City Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce, who is thought to have inspired the tracks “So High School” and “The Alchemy.”
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group