Virgin Radio
30 Mar 2024, 12:45
Credit: Getty/Rex
Country icon gives her verdict on Queen Bey's reworked classic.
Dolly Parton has weighed in on Beyoncé's reinterpretation of her classic hit, Jolene, and the verdict is in!
Beyoncé's rendition of Jolene, featured on her latest album, Cowboy Carter, takes a bold new direction from the original. 
While Dolly crooned about the anguish of losing her man to Jolene, Queen Bey adds her own spicy flair, warning Jolene not to mess with her man.
She sings: "Jolene, I know I’m a queen, Jolene / I’m still a Creole banjee b**ch from Louisianne (Don’t try me)”.
In a playful response on social media, Dolly shared her thoughts, exclaiming: "Wow, I just heard Jolene. Beyoncé is giving that girl some trouble and she deserves it! Love, Dolly P." 
The country legend's affectionate sign off as 'Dolly P,' a nod to her collaboration with Beyoncé on the album, where she introduces the track in a playful interlude of the same name.
As the Queen Country it was also Parton's duty to praise Queen Bey with her topping of Billboard's Hot Country Songs chart, when Texas Hold 'Em debuted at No.1.
In an Instagram post she shared her joy, saying: "I'm a big fan of Beyoncé and very excited that she's done a country album. So congratulations on your Billboard Hot Country number one single.
"Can't wait to hear the full album!"
After which she also signed off again as 'Dolly P'. 
Parton's gracious response reflects her admiration for Beyoncé's empowering take on the classic tune. 
It's not every day you see Queen Bey taking on the country scene, but when she does, she certainly makes an impression!
In Beyoncé's version, she warns Jolene, 'you don't want no heat with me,' showcasing her feisty side and giving the song a fresh, contemporary vibe. 
It's a far cry from Dolly's original plea, but both interpretations capture the essence of the timeless song in their own unique ways.
This isn't the first time Beyoncé has dipped her toes into the country pool. 
Her album Cowboy Carter features collaborations with country icons like Dolly Parton herself, Miley Cyrus, Post Malone, and even her own daughter, Rumi Carter. 
With tracks like Texas Hold 'Em and Blackbiird, Beyoncé proves she's not afraid to shake up the country music scene.
As for Dolly, she's more than happy to share the spotlight with Queen Bey, embracing her playful alter ego, Dolly P, and teasing her involvement in the album. 
It's a match made in musical heaven, blending the best of country and pop with a dash of Beyoncé's signature sass.
With Cowboy Carter marking 'act ii' of Beyoncé's musical journey, which started with Renaissance, fans can expect more surprises and genre-bending delights from the queen herself. 
As she continues to push boundaries and explore new horizons, one thing's for sure: Beyoncé's reign knows no bounds, whether she's ruling the stage or the wild west of country music.
Advertisement
Dancing on Ice star Adele Roberts has opened up about how she had early symptoms of bowel cancer...
Sorry charity shop, this one isn't for you. 
Poor Alan Carr. His darling Irish red Setter Bev has passed away after he and ex partner Paul...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK on your laptop or desktop computer?
Have you got an Amazon Echo or Google Home device? Listen to Virgin Radio UK by asking your speaker...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK but need to go out and about? Take us with you with the Virgin...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK on your laptop or desktop computer?
Have you got an Amazon Echo or Google Home device? Listen to Virgin Radio UK by asking your speaker...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK but need to go out and about? Take us with you with the Virgin...
Advertisement
© 2025 News UK Broadcasting Ltd. Our 
 and 
 are applicable to you. All rights reserved. VIRGIN and the VIRGIN signature logo are registered trademarks of Virgin Enterprises Limited and are used under licence. For more information on Virgin Radio International visit