Metro Boomin is being sued by a woman who accused him of rape and sexual assault that allegedly resulted in a pregnancy.
According to the lawsuit filed Tuesday and obtained by Page Six, Vanessa LeMaistre claimed the hip-hop producer, born Leland Tyler Wayne, allegedly raped her in a Beverly Hills, Calif., hotel in 2016 after she blacked out.
LeMaistre claimed in the suit that she was “deeply distraught and in mourning” over the February 2016 death of her 9-month-old son Kamden when she met Metro, 31, in Las Vegas through mutual friends.
She alleged in the lawsuit that she was invited to hang out with the famed musician — who has collaborated with the likes of Future, 21 Savage, Post Malone, Migos, Drake and more — at a studio session. 
LeMaistre, 38, accused Metro of giving her half of a Xanax pill and a shot of alcohol before she blacked out and woke up in a different location.
“The next thing Ms. LeMaistre can recall is waking up on a bed in a different location with Wayne raping her and being completely unable to move or make a sound,” the suit read. 
“She was in and out of consciousness for an unknown amount of time but awoke again at some point to Wayne performing oral sex on her.”
LeMaistre claimed in the suit that “at no point during this encounter” was she “able to consent toany sexual activity, and Wayne’s conduct without question constituted rape and sexual assault.”
A few weeks after the alleged assault, LeMaistre claimed in the lawsuit that she found out she was pregnant. 
“She had not had sex with anyone else, so Ms. LeMaistre knew that the pregnancy was the result of Wayne raping her,” the docs read. “Given the recent loss of her son and the traumatic cause of her pregnancy, Ms. LeMaistre knew that she could not continue the pregnancy and maintain any semblance of her declining mental health.”
As a result, LeMaistre claimed she had an abortion in November 2016.
A year later, Metro produced 21 Savage and Offset’s hit song “Rap Saved Me,” which LeMaistre believes features lyrics about their encounter.
“She took a Xanny (Yeah), then she fainted (Yeah) / I’m from the gutter (Hey, yeah), ain’t no changing (Nah, yeah) / From the gutter (Gutter, yeah), rap saved me (Rap, yeah) / She drive me crazy (Drive me brazy, yah), have my baby (Have my baby, yah),” Savage, born Shéyaa Bin Abraham-Joseph, and Offset, whose legal name is Kiari Cephus, rapped in the chorus. 
“The lyrics were horrifying for Ms. LeMaistre to hear over and over again, as they recounted the situation that happened to her and caused further trauma,” per the suit.
The lawsuit also includes some of Metro’s previous tweets, in which he displayed “misogynistic” behavior and talked about rape culture. 
“She gon suck me whether she like it or not. That’s what the molly for,” he allegedly wrote in a since-deleted tweet, according to the suit.
“I’m tryna tell #oomf that ‘age aint nothin but a number’ lol,” the three-time Grammy-nominated artist also allegedly wrote on the social media platform.
Metro’s attorney, Lawrence Hinkle II, denied the allegations against his client, calling the claims a “pure shakedown.”
“These are false accusations. Mr. Wayne refused to pay her months ago, and he refuses to pay her now,” his lawyer told Page Six in a statement Wednesday.  
“Mr. Wayne will defend himself in court. He will file a claim for malicious prosecution once he prevails.”
“Metro Boomin has built a successful career with lyrics and social media that are not only offensive but also explicitly outline his intentions to harm women. These are more than mere words, and it’s time for him to be held accountable for his manipulative tactics and unacceptable behavior.”
LeMaistre’s legal team, Michael J. Willemin and Monica Hincken (Wigdor LLP), and Omar H. Bengali and Robert J. Girard II (Girard Bengali, APC), said in a statement that “Metro Boomin has built a successful career with lyrics and social media that are not only offensive but also explicitly outline his intentions to harm women. 
“These are more than mere words, and it’s time for him to be held accountable for his manipulative tactics and unacceptable behavior.”
If you or someone you know is affected by any of the issues raised in this story, call the Sexual Assault Hotline at 1-800-330-0226.
Advertisement