Photo: Getty Images
Post Malone revealed sneak peeks of his highly-anticipated country album, F-1 Trillion, during an intimate A Night In Nashville show on Tuesday evening (July 17) in Nashville, Tennessee.
The “Sunflower” hitmaker surprised the audience with country megastar Blake Shelton to deliver a rendition of their hit collaboration, “Pour Me A Drink,” and introduced HARDY to the stage to perform an unreleased duet from his upcoming album. Singer-songwriter and musician Sierra Ferrell also joined him during the show. So far, Post Malone has released his single with Shelton and “I Had Some Help” with Morgan Wallen. He’s teased a few other songs on the 18-track album, including two collaborations with Luke Combs, hinting at a Chris Stapleton collaboration, and a heartfelt father-daughter ballad.
Post Malone’s long-awaited album will arrive next month. Posty has been teasing new music and his forthcoming country era, including with snippets of unreleased tracks on his social media pages, performing at some of the genre’s biggest festivals and award shows (including Stagecoach and the CMA and ACM Awards), taking the stage at historic Nashville venues and more. He’s set to kick off the “F-1 Trillion Tour” in early September. See the dates below.
F-1 Trillion will release on August 16.
Photo: Getty Images North America
Photo: Getty Images North America
Photo: Getty Images North America
Sun Sep 8 – Salt Lake City, UT – Utah First Credit Union Amphitheatre  
Thu Sep 12 – Noblesville, IN – Ruoff Music Center  
Sat Sep 14 – Syracuse, NY – Empower Federal Credit Union Amphitheater at Lakeview  
Mon Sep 16 – Bangor, ME – Maine Savings Amphitheatre  
Wed Sep 18 – Boston, MA – Fenway Park  
Fri Sep 20 – Hershey, PA – Hersheypark Stadium  
Sat Sep 21 – Hartford, CT – The XFINITY Theatre  
Mon Sep 23 – Saratoga Springs, NY – Broadview Stage at SPAC  
Wed Sep 25 – Scranton, PA – The Pavilion at Montage Mountain  
Sat Sep 28* – New York, NY – Global Citizen Festival
Sun Sep 29 – Wantagh, NY – Northwell at Jones Beach Theatre  
Tue Oct 1 – Cuyahoga Falls, OH – Blossom Music Center  
Fri Oct 4 – Virginia Beach, VA – Veterans United Home Loans Amphitheater at Virginia Beach   
Sat Oct 5 – Raleigh, NC – Coastal Credit Union Music Park  
Mon Oct 7 – Charlotte, NC – PNC Music Pavilion  
Wed Oct 9 – Charleston, SC – Credit One Stadium  
Fri Oct 11 – Atlanta, GA – Lakewood Amphitheatre  
Sun Oct 13 – Rogers, AR – Walmart AMP  
Tue Oct 15 – Pelham, AL – Oak Mountain Amphitheatre  
Thu Oct 17 – Orange Beach, AL – The Wharf Amphitheater  
Sat Oct 19 – Nashville, TN – Nissan Stadium
*Festival Performance