Taylor Swift fans are gearing up to decode a raft of her new music when her 11th studio album The Tortured Poets Department is released on Friday.
The tracklist for the record has already offered hints on whether songs will refer to her English ex-boyfriend Joe Alwyn and a new video has dropped further easter eggs for Swifties to pore over.
A post on Instagram, captioned “The TTPD Timetable”, reveals a music video will be released on Friday night and includes a host of other clues.
A post shared by Taylor Swift (@taylorswift)
The camera then moves down a white corridor and through the keyhole of a door labelled The Tortured Poets Department.
The white room on the other side features another clock showing 2pm, as well as two white desks with black typewriters and black and white coffee cups on them, before the camera pans to the noticeboard with the timetable on it reading “The Tortured Poets Department Release Day” and “8 p.m. ET music video release!!”
A tally below adds up to 14.
The US superstar parted ways with The Favourite actor Alwyn last year after six years together and speculation has been rife that she will offer an insight into their split in her new music.
She has since begun a high-profile romance with NFL star Travis Kelce, with whom she recently attended the Coachella music festival.
A song called So Long, London appears at number five in the tracklist – the slot reserved by Swift for the most meaningful song on each of her albums.
This could be a reference to a previous song, London Boy, from her album Lover, about spending time in the capital with Alwyn and his friends.
Fans have also speculated whether the album title is a reference to Alwyn.
In December 2022, Alwyn and Normal People star Paul Mescal revealed they had a WhatsApp group chat with Fleabag actor Andrew Scott called The Tortured Man Club.
Joe Alwyn and Paul Mescal have a WhatsApp group with Andrew Scott called "The Tortured Man Club."
"It hasn't had much use recently," Alwyn says."I feel like we're less tortured now," Mescal quips. https://t.co/CSai4ScQpz pic.twitter.com/veCp1ZdFsD
— Variety (@Variety) December 15, 2022
At the time they joked they were not using it as much any more because they were less tortured.
News of Alwyn and Swift’s split emerged less than four months later.
Fans have also speculated that tracks such as Down Bad, But Daddy I Love Him, I Can Fix Him (No Really I Can), and I Can Do It With A Broken Heart could also be inspired by Alwyn.
Swift is known for writing songs about her ex-boyfriends, with previous flames Joe Jonas, Harry Styles, Jake Gyllenhaal and John Mayer among those who have been linked to some of her biggest hits.
The album also includes a song titled Florida!!! featuring UK-based band Florence + The Machine, and a track named Fortnight featuring Circles singer Post Malone.
A post shared by Taylor Swift (@taylorswift)
Other song titles include Guilty As Sin?, The Smallest Man Who Ever Lived, and Clara Bow, while the bonus song is titled The Manuscript.
Swift will bring her Eras tour to the UK from June 7, when she kicks off with three shows in Edinburgh.
The run of London shows begins on June 21.

                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.