A mother and her two children were driving along a road in West Orange, Texas, when mom suffered a seizure behind the wheel.
Unconscious and unable to safely pull over, Jonquetta Winbush, her kids and her car drove off the road and into a pond.
The kids – 12 and 16 – were able to escape, but mom was underwater.
We want to warn you that this footage is not for the faint of heart. It is very distressing to see her 12 year-old son flag down the police officer and tell him what happened. He's anxious and rushed, wanting to save mom.
Comments on the bodycam footage from Good Morning America tell just how frightening this video is.
"The hurt in that babies scared voice, I'm so glad they all saved him mum! Get well soon lady," one concerned person writes.
Another adds, "Far too relatable and relieved this mama is breathing on her own again! What courageous and quick thinking kids!"
The bodycam footage starts with the young boy flagging down an officer for help.
"She's having a seizure! She's stuck! She's in the water, help her!" he yells.
Officer Cobb then tells the boy to hop in his squad car and that he will drive him back to the scene to help.
Once the officer and the boy reach the scene, you can see an almost fully-submerged Dodge Charger floating in the pond. You then see officer Cobb reach out his hand to help the woman's teenager out of the water.
Then, all eyes turn to Winbush and how to get her out of the car. A good samaritan also shows up and dives into the water to help.
Officer Cobb runs back to his unit to grab a window punch, so they can break her window to rescue her. But once the window is broken, the car begins to sink even faster.
They're able to finally reach Winbush and pull her from the car, but she has no pulse and is not breathing.
The bodycam footage switches to squad car dashcam footage, where you can see officer Cobb doing CPR on Winbush for minutes.
GMA interviewed one of the kind samaritans who helped on the scene.
"I remember grabbing her hand, and I could feel the pulse in her wrist, I really don't know how to describe it to you other than, just, life started coming back into her," they recall.
Winbush spent more than three weeks on a ventilator in the hospital as a result of this incident. She is now breathing on her own and getting stronger every day.
She has a long road ahead, but she is surrounded by her sister and her kids, and she is on her way to a full recovery.
Evan Paul is the host of Taste of Country Nights, a syndicated radio show heard on more than 130 country radio stations nationwide, every night from 7PM to midnight. He plays the best new country music and interviews today's top stars, like Luke Combs, Morgan Wallen, Kenny Chesney, Miranda Lambert, Dan + Shay, Keith Urban, Carrie Underwood, Luke Bryan, Chris Stapleton, Lady A, + more!
Gallery Credit: Evan Paul
Gallery Credit: Carena Liptak
Gallery Credit: Billy Dukes