‘Cowboy Carter’ has Beyoncé breaking streaming records on Spotify & Amazon MusicParkwood | Columbia
At this point, “impressive” is such an understatement.
Both Spotify and Amazon Music have announced on social media that Beyoncé's recent entry album into the country music genre “Cowboy Carter,” released March 29, has been nothing short of ultra-successful for the global mega-star.
“On Friday, March 29, Beyoncé's COWBOY CARTER became Spotify’s most-streamed album in a single day in 2024 so far,” the Spotify post reads. “This is also the first time a country album holds the title this year.”
Amazon Music followed suit, posting a picture of the “RIIVERDANCE” singer, stating that “Cowboy Carter” is now “Beyoncé's biggest album debut” on its platform “with the most first-day global streams of all of her albums, and the most first-day streams for a country album by a female artist.”
“Couldn’t expect anything less from the Queen [bee emoji] *tips cowboy hat* #COWBOYCARTER,” the caption reads.
The eighth studio album features collaborations with Miley Cyrus, Post Malone, Rhiannon Giddens, Stevie Wonder, Nile Rodgers, Raye, Ryan Beatty, and Jon Batiste. It also pays homage to Dolly Parton with a cover of “Jolene,” Linda Martell, and Willie Nelson.
It also shares the spotlight with up-and-coming Black country artists Britney Spencer, Tanner Adell, Reyna Roberts, Tiera Kennedy, Willie Jones, and Shaboozey.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices