Soap fans did a double-take when Denise Welch re-emerged from her makeover looking like a carbon copy of Sharon Watts.
The EastEnders favourite is one of the BBC soap's original characters, appearing in it's first ever season aired in 1985, making actress Letitia Dean one of Walford's biggest names.
Her signature blonde locks are also part of her legend and Denise Welch stunned ITV viewers this Tuesday, July 23, when her makeover on Loose Women left her with a similar hairstyle.
Denise, 66, was rushed off the set by presenter Ruth Langsford ahead of an ad break as the latter teased the panellist was due for a huge transformation.
The makeover was decided upon after the panel launched a conversation around women's hair thinning at an old age during which Denise admitted she didn't believe longer hair suited older women.
When she re-appeared in the studio after the break, Denise danced her way back to her seat wearing long blonde hair and bangs. While they immediately knew she was wearing a wig, some viewers couldn't help but notice she was a doppelganger for Letitia Dean aka Sharon Watts.
Numerous viewers flocked to X, otherwise known as Twitter, to share their thoughts on the comparison, with one writing: "You look like Sharon Watts Denise", adding a crying and laughing emoji to their post.
Another reacted subtly with a post tagging the Loose Women team and a GIF of the Albert Square legend. A third TV watcher quipped: "Sharon Watts has aged." Elsewhere, one viewer argued: "Looks like Tina Malone now."
Earlier on in the episode, panellist Coleen Nolan revealed she wouldn't be on Loose Women if the panel's discussion revolved around the ongoing debate around the American presidential election.
Ruth, who made her long-awaited TV return after her split from Eamonn Holmes this Monday, kicked off this Tuesday's instalment of the programme with a discussion around Joe Biden's decision to drop out of the presidential election, which was seen as a potential boost for Vice-President Kamala Harris to represent the Democratic Party.
The US president has backed Kamala Harris' nomination, leaving the Democratic Party on edge as she could face Republican candidate and former president Donald Trump later this year.
As Kamala Harris' potential participation in the race to the White House continues to make the headlines, Joe Biden's position as the American president was called into question and his Vice-President has been seen as his perfect replacement.
With the election due to take place on November 5, 2024, Ruth Langsford was well aware this wouldn't be the last her panel and viewers would hear of the presidential campaign - and Coleen, who has appeared in the show since 2000, was far from happy to get the news.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.