Post Malone, also known as Austin Richard Post is originally from Syracuse, NY. He is an incredible singer, songwriter and produer. Malone is also one of my favorite celebrities, I love his authenticity and down to earth nature.
Recently, he visited upstate New York areas to perform, enjoy food and take pictures with fans.
WPDH shared information on September 17, 2024 about Post Malone's visit to Syracuse, NY.
"On Saturday, before performing in the Syracuse area, Post Malone feasted on BBQ, at Dinosaur BBQ in Syracuse to get his "pre-show BBQ fix."
Malone happily took pictures with excited fans. WPDH also shared that Dinosaur BBQ Syracuse mentioned on their Facebook account that Malone was
"Being the most humble and polite local he’s always been, hangin’ with fans"
Not only does Malone take time to visit his hometown in New York state and spend time with fans, but he also gave love to his favorite Italian restaurant in New York state as well.
On September 20, 2024, Syracuse.com shared information about Malone. They explained that he shared information about his favorite Italian restaurant which is located in an upstate New York college town.
Syracuse.com shared
"If he could’ve stayed longer, he would’ve gone to one more local restaurant: Canale’s in Oswego."
Would you travel to Oswego, NY to experience Malone's favorite Italian food. I would imagine that he has had the opportunity to eat from the finest of restaurants and eateries in the world. 
Syracuse.com continued to share that Malone stated,
“I really want to make a trip out to Canale’s and go eat (there) because that’s like my favorite Italian restaurant in the world,” 
They mentioned that Malone claimed Canale's in upstate New York may even be better Italian food than Olive Garden. Canale's Restaurant is located in Oswego, NY and is an Italian restaurant that carries on family traditions and recipes from Italy.
This eatery has been open for over 50 years and continues to bring homemade options to the community.
Additional information about Canale's can be found on their website. To read more about Post Malone's love for New York state can be found with Syracuse.com.
Are you a Post Malone fan? Where is your favorite Italian restaurant in New York state? Tell us more below.
Gallery Credit: Allison Kay, YouTube, Adam Hoyt
Gallery Credit: Allison Kay