While celebrities have access to practically every product under the sun, Dolce Glow founder Isabel Alysa makes some of their sunless tanning favorites. 
And you needn’t book an appointment with the in-demand pro to get the same star treatment; the tan artist’s hero product — the Dolce Glow Lusso Self-Tanning Mousse + Mitt Set ($60 $42) – is available at a steal at the Nordstrom Anniversary Sale right now. 
Equipped with both a soft mess-free mitt and vitamin E-packed mousse, the set includes everything you’ll need for tanning sans harmful UV rays and sweltering summer heat.
Alysa’s professional tans have played a role in several stars’ major moments — from Sofia Richie and Olivia Culpo’s weddings to Kim Kardashian’s 2022 Met Gala appearance and Miley Cyrus’ most recent Grammys look. 
In fact, the latter “Wrecking Ball” singer is such a fan of the brand, she even invested in the product line in 2023.
“When you’re looking at someone on the red carpet …. 99% of the time I’d say it’s because they got a good spray tan,” Alysa herself previously told Page Six Style, noting that beyond bronzing, the sunless glow functions like a “filter on your skin” to “help tone, reduce appearance of cellulite [and] blur imperfections.” 
Hailey Bieber is also a fan of the product line, as she used the Dolce Glow Self Tanning Contour Sculpt Wand ($28) to create her go-to summer look in a recent YouTube tutorial. 
Dolce Glow is far from the only celeb-loved beauty brand on sale at Nordstrom, as discounts also include everything from Jo Malone fragrances to Supergoop! sunscreen.
While prices go back up on August 5, these products likely won’t stay in stock that long — so be sure to check out our guides to the best beauty and fashion finds fast, before your favorites start to sell out. 
This article was written by Hannah Southwick, Commerce Writer/Reporter for Page Six Style. Hannah spies deals on actually affordable celebrity-worn styles, puts Hollywood’s favorite labels to the test and finds the beauty products that keep stars red carpet-ready. She consults stylists and industry pros — including celebs themselves — for firsthand product recommendations, trend predictions and more. In addition to writing for Page Six since 2020, her work has been featured in USA Today and Parade.