90 years of expert advice and inspiration, for every couple.
Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)

The singer's fiancée, whose identity is unknown, is also the mother of his daughter.
Steve Jennings / Contributor / Getty Images
 Wedding bells may be in store for singer Post Malone and his fiancée of two years. Even though the rapper has not yet publicly revealed the name or identity of his bride—who is also the mother of his daughter—Deux Moi recently reported that the couple is planning to say “I do” in Florida later this month. “While exact details about the wedding have been kept under wraps, it is expected to be an intimate affair surrounded by close friends and family,” the site said. The couple had their child in 2021 before getting engaged the following year. 

 The “Sunflower” singer revealed the details of his Las Vegas proposal during an episode of the Call Her Daddy podcast on August 2, 2023. “I had lost a significant amount of money at the table, and we go upstairs, and I’m like off my rocker, hammered, and I was like ‘Hey, you wanna marry me?’” At the time, he said his now-fiancée turned him down, telling him to ask her again the next day. “And then I did, and I was sober, and it was nice,” the rapper added. When the host of the podcast, Alex Cooper, inquired about what he loved about his fiancée, the singer said she was right. “I knew,” he said. “Her heart is so massive. I’ve always wanted kids and a big family, and I could tell she was gonna be a really good mama.”

 And while Malone is famous for his songs about relationships, he disclosed that a lot of the songs he writes for his partner go unplayed. “I’m terribly shy,” he said. He also clarified during the episode that while he and his partner were engaged, they had yet to tie the knot. 

 Malone previously shared details of his relationship in 2022. “I met a really beautiful person who made me feel like a human being again,” Malone said during an appearance on The Howard Stern Show. In the conversation, he went into more detail about his steps to lower his alcohol intake, adding that while his partner didn’t give him an ultimatum when it came to his drinking habits, she provided him with the love and support he needed to wane off of his dependence. “She saved my f**king life,” the singer added. “It’s pretty epic.”

 Responding to a question about whether she was his wife or his girlfriend, the rapper revealed the exciting news: “She’s my fiancée.” He also confirmed the news of his child’s birth on the show. “I woke up at 2:30 in the afternoon,” he said. “I went and I kissed my baby girl.” When Stern inquired about whether he was referring to his partner or a child, he clarified that he was speaking about his newborn daughter. Malone also explained his desire to keep his family members out of the spotlight on the show. “I want to let her make her own decisions,” he said, referring to his daughter.