Indies in moderate-wide release claimed the nos. 6, 8 and 9 spots at the domestic box office led by Love Lies Bleeding. Kristin Steward toplines the Berlin-premiering film by Rose Glass that expanded nationwide, grossing $2.5 million for the weekend on 1,362 screens (up from five theaters opening week). The steamy crime thriller from A24 also stars Katy O’Brian with an ensemble featuring Ed Harris, Anna Baryshnikov Dave Franco and Jenna Malone. It’s 88% Certified Fresh with audiences on Rotten Tomatoes (92% critics score).
Stewart plays a reclusive gym manager who falls hard for an ambitious bodybuilder headed through town to Vegas in pursuit of her dream as the pair is pulled into the web of Lou’s criminal family. Weekend breakdown: Friday, $1.1 million; Saturday, $790k; Sunday; $592k.
More from Deadline
Kristen Stewart To Play Astronaut Sally Ride As Amazon MGM Studios Nears Limited Series Deal For 'The Challenger'; Amblin, Kyra Sedgwick's Big Swing EPs With Stewart; Maggie Cohn Writing
'In A Violent Nature' Scares Up IFC's Biggest Opening Since Spring Horror Hit 'Late Night With The Devil' - Specialty Box Office
More Neon Love As 'Babes' Blasts Off Stateside - Specialty Box Office
One Life by James Hawes pulled in a $1.7+ million debut 983 screens. The Bleecker Street film, starring Anthony Hopkins as a British stockbroker who helped rescued hundreds of Jewish children from Czechoslovakia, saw an estimated $799k Friday, $563k Saturday and $366k Sunday. Hopkins’ Nicholas “Nicky” Winton worked against time to save as many children as possible before that Nazi occupation closed the borders on the verge of World War II. He kept it a secret for fifty years and is still haunted by the fate of those he wasn’t able to bring to safety. With Helena Bonham Carter, Johnny Flynn and Jonathan Pryce.
The TIFF-premiering true story, which has grossed $30 million internationally, is sitting at 92% with audiences on Rotten Tomatoes (88% with critics). The Stateside opening came in “way above the norm” on the audience reaction and “definite recommend’, said Bleecker distribution chief Kyle Davies, calling it “a good, old-fashioned word of mouth movie.” Like Golda, the Helen Mirren-starrer that opened last August, One Life skews older, an audience that doesn’t necessarily storm theaters Friday nights.
The American Society of Magical Negroes from Focus Features grossed $1.25 million at 1,147 theaters in North America with Friday – $520,000; Saturday – $470,000; and Sunday – $260,000. Exit data on the first feature by Kobi Libii was 50% male, 75% aged 25 years and older, and 52% African American (with 31% Caucasian, 10% Hispanic, 4% Asian). The satirical comedy that premiered at Sundance stars Justice Smith and David Alan Grier as a young man and his mentor at a secret society of magical Black people dedicating their lives to a cause of utmost importance — making white people feel at ease. It’s a original idea but the execution didn’t resonate with critics (30% RT). It’s tracking 60% with audiences (under 50 verified ratings). Focus said “it remains committed to supporting and discovering new, diverse voices with a unique point of view.”
Spike Lee coined the term Magical Negro, a trope in American cinema for a supporting stock character who comes to the aid of white protagonists in a film.
This was a weekend with diverse indie films in the spotlight holding up the middle of the market as best they can. But it’s not great when the gap between the top (Kung Fu Panda 4 at $30M and Dune: Part 2 at $29 million) and the rest of the top ten so wide, which was a hallmark of the theatrical landscape for a while post-Covid.
Cabrini by Alejandro Monteverde in wide release (2,850 screens), from independent Angel Studios, was no. 5 at the box office at $2.8 million, and a $13 million cume, in week two.
Republic Pictures Snack Shack by Adam Rehmeier grossed $300k in moderate release opening at 437 locations. Stars Conor Sherry and Gabriel LaBelle (The Fabelmans) as teenage best friends AJ and Moose, who jump to run their local pool’s rundown snack shack after other hustles fall flat.
Limited releases: Well Go USA’s South Korean horror film Exhuma by Jang Jae-hyungrossed $65k on three screens in LA (CGV Buena Park, CGV Los Angeles, and Regal La Habra). Expands in U.S./Canada next weekend. A renowned shaman (Kim Go-Eun) and her protégé (Lee Do-hyun) are hired by a wealthy, enigmatic family to investigate the cause of a disturbing supernatural illness that affects only the first-born children of each generation. “We are thrilled to see the positive audience reaction to the film’s chilling story and intense performances,” said Well Go.
Ryuichi Sakamoto | Opus opened to an estimated $11.3k at one location, Film At Lincoln Center. Distributor Janus Films said “the film connected with New York audiences this weekend and we are looking forward to opening it throughout the country in the weeks to come.”
Rialto Pictures’ release of the 4K restoration of Claude Sautet’s 1960 film Classe Tous Risques will gross an estimated $9.5k in its premiere weekend at one location, New York’s Film Forum.
Best of Deadline
How To Watch The 2024 Daytime Emmys: Are They Streaming?
TV Cancellations Photo Gallery: Series Ending In 2024 & Beyond
2024 Premiere Dates For New & Returning Series On Broadcast, Cable & Streaming
Sign up for Deadline's Newsletter. For the latest news, follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram.
King Charles and Queen Camilla released a statement shortly before Prince Harry surprised many royal watchers as he revealed his hopes to reconcile with his family
Several supply chain experts weighed in on what items to expect fewer of and will likely cost more.
President Trump shared an AI-generated image depicting himself as the leader of the Catholic Church, coming as the Vatican’s conclave to select the next pope is set to commence next week. On Friday evening, the U.S. president posted the image on his official account on Truth Social, the social-media platform run by Trump Media & …
Meet the surprise celebrity couple worth billions more than David and Victoria Beckham and George and Amal Clooney.
Brace yourself, Mr. President. 60 Minutes plans to enrage Donald Trump Sunday with an episode bashing his intimidation efforts—despite being in a legal battle with the president themselves. “On the campaign trail, President Trump vowed to wield the power of the presidency to go after his perceived enemies,” the segment’s description reads. “Now in the White House, Trump is using executive orders to target some of the biggest law firms in the country that he accuses of ‘weaponizing’ the justice s
President Donald Trump is being ripped to shreds after he bragged—by all accounts, erroneously—that gas prices had cratered to less than $2 per gallon. “Gasoline just broke $1.98 a Gallon, lowest in years,” Trump wrote on Truth Social this morning, touting the unsourced claim as evidence that the economy was flourishing under his tariffs. Fact-checkers at CNN, PolitiFact, and CBS News were quick to undercut the president, observing that the lowest average gas price of any state was $2.66, in Mis
Vice President’s Yale Law School friend Jamil Javani, now a Conservative MP in Canada, says it is not a ‘constructive’ moment for a trip to Ontario, given tensions between their two nations
"I think it's time everyone who voted for Trump admit that we made a f****** mess."
Sometimes these jokes write themselves.
"It was emotional because the last time I saw that dress was on Anna," Dannielynn's father Larry Birkhead tells PEOPLE of the dress his daughter wore to the 2025 Barnstable Brown Gala
The incident happened near downtown Columbus, Ohio, on April 30
Phil McGraw’s description of the president was... something.
Audrey Backeberg was 20 years old and married with children when she disappeared in 1962
After a routine morning walk with his infant daughter, a father of four was mistakenly reported as 'homeless' by a neighbor
"Okay, let's do it this way..."
Walton Goggins abruptly ended an interview over an Aimee Lou Wood question, saying "what the fuck" to the reporter.
During a recent Hot Topics segment on “The View,” the comedian took a swipe at the latest royal kerfuffle involving Markle.
OTTAWA — Despite U.S. President Donald Trump's repeated claim that Canada has been ripping off the United States, new polling suggests the percentage of Americans identifying Canada as their country's most important ally has doubled.
Here's why President Trump is pushing to rename Veterans Day, a federal holiday recognized each year on Nov. 11.
Vice President JD Vance added weight to the theory that conservatives are increasingly scared of New York Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez. The Democratic lawmaker—as president—would be “the stuff of nightmares,” Vance said in a Fox News interview Friday. When asked about the 2028 presidential race, Vance preferred not to imagine the congresswoman in the Oval Office.