Foo Fighters will perform Tuesday, July 23, 2024, at Hersheypark Stadium in Hershey, Pa. Here, the band performs at the  Sea.Hear.Now music festival in Asbury Park, New Jersey, in September 2023. Al Mannarino | For NJ Advance Me
You may have to leave work early, but you can still see the Foo Fighters perform tonight in Hershey.
The band will bring its “Everything or Nothing At All Tour” to Hersheypark Stadium at 5:30 p.m. Tuesday, July 23. Supporting acts are The Hives, Amyl and The Sniffers.
Tickets can still be purchased here (prices are as of the time of this publication):
It appears the weather will cooperate. The National Weather Service at State College is calling for a chance of showers before the concert (only 30%) and a chance after 9 p.m. (about 40%). It’s summer, there is always the “chance” of a shower.
Also at Hersheypark Stadium this week, Journey and Def Leppard with the Steve Miller Band will perform on Thursday, July 25.
Other upcoming concerts at Hersheypark Stadium are:
Aug. 2 - Five Finger Death Punch
Aug. 3 - New Kids on the Block
Aug. 10 - Green Day
Aug. 23 - Creed
Aug. 24 - Pitbull
Sept. 20 - Post Malone
Sept. 28 - Stevie Nicks
Oct. 1 - Pink
READ MORE: Police will close these roads in Hershey for Foo Fighters, Def Leppard, Journey concerts
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices