This is such a Leo move
Jennifer Lopez’s latest cinematic endeavor is This Is Me … Now: A Love Story, a fantastical genre-bending movie musical based on her upcoming ninth studio album, This Is Me … Now. The movie is a self-aware, winking journey into Lopez’s high-profile romantic life—including all of the marriages and canceled engagements she went through before reuniting with now-husband Ben Affleck.
However, A Love Story also features some absurdist details likely to make viewers raise an eyebrow. In particular, I’m talking about the inclusion of a “zodiacal council” keeping watch over Lopez’s earthly dating habits, composed of celebrities like Jane Fonda, Sofía Vergara, Keke Palmer, Post Malone, and Neil deGrasse Tyson.
Lopez seemed to reference that plot point with her look for the movie’s Los Angeles premiere, Tuesday night at Hollywood’s Dolby Theatre. Teaming up with stylist duo Rob Zangardi and Mariel Haenn, she stepped onto the rose petal–blanketed carpet in an astrology-themed ball gown from Zuhair Murad’s Fall/Winter 2022 couture collection.
The dress’s strapless corseted bodice was made of midnight-black velvet, and had a deep V neckline. Below the belted waist, a luxurious flowing black sheer skirt extended out, with vertical crystal stripes dripping down from the midsection. Toward the hem of the skirt were bedazzled emblems of each of the 12 Western zodiac signs—with Lopez’s, Leo, front and center. The outfit was a playful nod to the movie’s premise, suggesting her love story with Affleck was written in the stars all along. 
Of course, Affleck was at the premiere to support his wife. He opted for a less sparkly—but just as suave—look: a crisp black suit, plus a white collared shirt, black tie, and polished black leather shoes.
Later in the night, Lopez changed outfits for the premiere’s after-party, turning heads in a Tamara Ralph couture ensemble composed of a gilded blazer and pleated high-rise trousers, plus a bra covered in even more gold flowers.
Kylie and Timothée Show PDA at a Lakers Game
Charli XCX Posts a Photo Dump From Her Brat Tour
George and Amal Clooney's Relationship Timeline
Lorde's Dating History
Jen Aniston's Easy Look Is So Rachel Green-Coded
Blake Lively Carries Kitschy Pizza-Shaped Clutch
Malia and Sasha Attend an Album-Release Party
Princess Kate Knows Her Way Around a Power Tool 
Princess Kate's Outfit Includes a Cottagecore Top
Rosamund Pike Makes Furry Slippers Look Refined
Meghan Markle Says That Prince Harry Saved Her
Blake Lively Wears Double Leather for Date Night
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.