HOT NEWS 5 Friday February 2, 2024 
An event that was called the Greatest night in music is coming to Netflix. Back in 1995 the biggest Superstars in Music gathered for the USA for Africa Charity. Michael Jackson, Lionel Richie, Quincy Jones, Tina Turner, Kenny Rogers, Bruce Springsteen Cyndi Lauper, Willie Nelson to name a few. The documentary is streaming now and will include footage never seen.  
Actors Kelvin Harrison Jr and Aaron Pierre are starring Dr, Martin Luther King, and Malcolm X in the limited series GENIUS: MLK/X. It Premieres February 1st on National Geographic and streams on Disney Plus and Hulu February 2 
The Stage production ‘Living All Alone’ the story of Phyliss Hyman is coming to Philly. February 3rd at the Academy of Music. Two Shows Tickets are on sale now. 
Emmy and Golden Globe Award Winner Ayo Edibiri ‘The Bear’ is hosting SNL this weekend Musical GuestsJnnifer Lopez. 
The Grammy Awards are airing February 4th on CBS. THE 66TH annual Grammy Awards has added three new categories Including Best Alternative Jazz, Best Pop Dance and Best African Music Performer. Singer Sza is leading the nominations with 9. Other Grammy Nominees Burna Boy, Babyface, Coco Jones, Summer Walker, Taylor Swift, and Miley Cyrus. Rapper Nicky Minaj has received her first Grammy Nomination in 7 years. Ice Spice, Country music sensation Jelly Roll and Coco Jones are up for new artist of the year. Trevor Noah is hosting. One of the highlights of Grammy Weekend is the Lifetime Achievement Awards taking place the night before. This year's recipients include Country Star Tammy Wynette, Donna Summer, The rap Group N.W.A  ., Gladys Knight and Gospel Greats the Clark Sisters. 
Actress Sanaa Lathan is joining Season the Hit HBO Show Curb your Enthusiasm. The Show stars Larry David and JB Smoove. One of the funniest shows on TV. No word on what character Lathan would play. Curb your enthusiasm returns in February on HBO. This will be the final season of the show. Sanaa is also working on a new project about famed Psychic Miss Cleo. Miss Cleo was everywhere with the Physic network in the 90’s. The network was later discovered to be a fraud and because she was so well known as Miss Cleo, she took the fall. Miss Cleo was an actress who was just playing a role. She died in 2016 at the age of 54 after battle with Cancer. 
Actor Colman Domingo has to be the Hottest Actor in Hollywood. The west Philly Native is starring in the Netflix Movie on Rustin, about Civil Rights Activist Bayard Rustin. Rustin was the Orchestrator of the March on Washington but never got the credit because he was an openly Gay Man. He has signed to play Joe Jackson in the Michael Jackson movie ‘MJ’ Directed by Antione Fuqua (Training Day) and he will Star and Direct in a movie about Nat King Cole) He's also been nominated for his first Academy Award (Rustin) and a slew of nominations from the NAACP Image Awards, Sag Awards and Critics Choice Awards. 
Whoopi Goldberg has a new memoir coming out dedicated to Love. The 68 yearr old Moderator of The View dedicated this book to her late Mother nd Brother. The book My Mother, My Brother and me talks about her life before fame and it’s coming out this May. 
The Dionne Warwick movie is finally happening. Actress Singer Teyanna Taylor is playing the Legendary Singer. 
The 55th Annual NAACP Image awards are happening March 16th on BET and CBS. The Color Purple movie Musical has 16 nominations for best actress Fantasia, best supporting Actress Halle Bailey, Tariji P Henson and Danielle brooks. Best Supporting actor Colman Domingo best ensemble cast and Best Picture. Abbott Elementary has nine nominations. Philly Native Davine Joy Randolph got a nod for Best Supporting Actress for The Holdover. Other nominees include Usher and Ayo Edibiri the FX Series the Bear. 
Vivica A. Fox keeps a gig. She is going to be hosting a food competition showwhere families compete with their recipes. 10 thousand dollars is up for grabs. 
Tyler Perry has a new movie Mea Culpa coming to Netflix. Kelly Rowland and Actor Trevante Rhodes star. Mea Culpa starts Streaming February 23rd.  
The RUN DMC Docuseries Kings from Queens is streaming now on the Peacock Network. The Hip Hop Legends started with two turntables and a microphone. Rev Run, Darryl McDaniel, and the Late Jam Master Jay. The group is known for their hits It’s Tricky, My Adidas, Walk this Way and Peter Piper. The docuseries will feature special appearances by Mc Lyte, LL Cool J, Big Daddy Kane, Ed Lover, The Beasties Boys Ice Cube and Doug E Fresh. 
The Academy award Nominations have been announced and there were some surprises. Despite all the hype for Barbie no nominations for Director for Greta Gerwig and Nominations for Margot Robbie who played Barbie. The Color Purple got snubbed too. Nothing for Fantasia for her role as Celie in purple. The only nod for the Color Purple was Danielle Brooks for her role as Sophia, Best Supporting Actress. The Movie Oppenheimer got 13 nods including Best Picture. Notable Nods for Philly Natives Bradley Cooper Maestro, Colman Domingo for Rustin and Davine Joy Randolph for The Holdover. The 96th Annual Academy Awards are happening March 10th on ABC Jimmy Kimmel is hosting. 
Rupaul is coming to Philly at the Kimmel Center March 6th promoting his new book ‘House of Hidden Meaning’. 
Actor Billy Dee Williams is also coming to Philly. Saturday February 17 at the Free Library promoting his new book ‘What Have We Here? Portraits of a life 
The New James Brown documentary Say it Loud Produced by Rocker Mick Jagger, QuestLove, and Tariq Black Thought is coming to A&E. The Two-night documentary is happening Feb. 19th and 20th. The documentary follows the man who was a 7th grade dropout who became a Cultural Icon. 
Actor Anthony Anderson and Marsai Martin from Black ish fame are joining forces with Oscar Winner Viola Davis for the Thriller G20. The is about Terrorist who take over the G20 Summitt and Davis plays the President of the United States. 
Rapper/Actor Ludacris is coming to BET Plus he’s going to star in a dramedy about his life. 
Actor Jaleel White (Urkel Family Matters) has a new game show. Flipside will air on CBS stations. The game show is about whoever has the best Intuition on Human Behavior. 
Gloria Gaynor is ready to tell all in her new movie I will Survive based on her 1975 hit Song. 
The movie is a journey of Faith, Hope, and getting a second chance. 
Snoop Dogg the Actor? Yes, The Rapper is starring in a new movie for Prime Video about a disgraced former football player (Snoop) who must Coach a Youth football team to avoid prison time. It’s a story of redemption. The Underdogs also stars Mike Epps, George Lopez and Tika Sumpter. The Movie is streaming now on Prime. 
Congrats to Master Funkateer George Clinton he got a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame last week. A documentary is being planned on his life and an upcoming movie with Eddie Murphy on Prime with Murphy playing Clinton. 
Congrats to Singer Charlie Wilson he just got a Star on the Walk of Fame. 
The latest Ava Duvernay movie ‘Origin with Anjanaue Ellis Taylor is in theaters 
Congrats to Producer and Songwriter Timbaland, Rapper Snoop Dogg and The 70’s Super Duo Steely Dan they are being inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame. 
Mission Impossible 7 is now streaming on Paramount Plus. 
Usher is coming to the Superbowl!   Usher is set to headline 2024 Superbowl Halftime Show. The date is Sunday February 11th in Las Vegas. Country Legend Reba McIntyre is doing the National Anthem, Post Malone is performing America the Beautiful. Singer/Actress Andra Day is doing Lift every Voice ad Sing. Adam Blackson will be producing and arranging the National Anthem and Lift every voice and sing.   Cedric the Entertainer is also playing a big part in the celebrations he and his Neighborhood Co Star Tichina Arnold will be hosting the Superbowl Soulful Celebration on Saturday February 10. Earth Wind and Fire will be the Special Guests.  
Get ready for the Bob Marley story. Bob Marley died in 1981 at the age of 36 from Cancer. Marley was a pioneer of Reggae, ska and Rock Reggae. Actor Kingsley Ben Adir who played Malcolm X in the movie One Night in Miami is playing the Reggae Great. The movie is being directed by Renaldo Marcus Green who directed the movie ‘King Richard. Marley left behind a legacy of music including the classics ‘Could you be loved, One Love, Jammin, to name a few. Marley was an artist and activist. The movie is being supported by the Marley Family and it’s coming out February 14th 2024. 
Get ready for the Valentine Love jam tour. Sunday February 18th at the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino in Atlantic City. Russell Thompkins Jr and the Stylistics, Bloodstone, Heatwave, The Intruders and the Manhattans with Sonny Bivins. 
Shows coming to town include October London with his rebirth of Marvin Tour. He sounds like Marvin Gaye. He’s coming to Union Transfer on Monday February 19th 10th and Spring Garden streets. 
Look out for Janet Jackson she is returning to Philly with Rapper Nelly at the Wells Fargo Center Wednesday June 26th. 
Katt William is coming to Philly. Tickets are on sale now for his show Sunday April 7th at the Liacouras Center. 
Congrats to Singer/Actress Jennifer Hudson her Talk show has been renewed for a thirds season. Hudson has also been nominated for a People's Choice Award. 
The Color Purple movie Musical with Fantasia, Danielle Brooks and Tariji P Henson is now available on Video on Demand 
Don Lemon is back! The Former CNN Anchor was let go last year and now he is back with The Don Lemon Show, The show will start on Twitter (X) 3 Times a week then movie on to other social media outlets. 
Congrats to Actress/Singer Halle Bailey (Color Purple, Little Mermaid) she and her boyfriend Rapper DDG are the proud parents of a baby boy Halo. 
In theaters now American Fiction starring Jeffrey Wright. The female stars of the movie are now gracing the cover of the new Essence Magazine. Erika Alexander, Tracee Ellis Ross and Issa Rae. 
Dave Chappelle has a new Netflix Comedy special. It’s called The Dreamers. 
 Kevin Harts new Netflix movie Lift about a hijacked airplane is streaming now. 
The 30th Annual SAG Awards Screen Actors Guild is coming to NETFLIX February 24. 
Urban One Honors is airing Sunday February 25th on TV ONE. This year's honorees include Mary J Blige, , Frankie Beverly, Chloe, Dionne Warwick and Gospel great Donald Lawrence. 
Production on the Micael Jackson Movie Stars in a couple of weeks. Director Antoine Fugua (Training Day) is directing. Jemaine Jacksons son Jafaar will be playing to King of Pop. The movie will cover his triumphs, the Highs and Lows of his career and well as his creative genius side. Philly Native Colman Domingo will be playing Joe Jackson in the movie. Joe was the Patriarch of the Family. The movie is coming out in 2025. The MJ Musical is on it’s way to Philly.at the Academy of Music in 2025. 
Morris Chestnut is returning to TV in the Fox ‘Watson’. Chestnut is starring and producing the show about Dr Watson the longtime Partner of Sherlock Holmes solving Mystery's. 
Congrats to Actress Angela Bassett she was recently awarded an Honorary Oscar for her years of outstanding work. 
Congrats to Diana Ross at the age of 79 she is going to be the face of Saint Laurent. 
Also congrats to KeKe Palmer she has made history as the first woman in 15 years to win an Emmy for hosting the Game Show ‘Password’ 
Oscar Winning Actress Regina King is back after dealing with the loss of her son. King is starring in the new movie ‘Chisolm about the groundbreaking Politician Shirley Chisolm. In 1968 she was the first Black Woman to be elected to congress. In 1972 she was the first black female candidate to run for President of the United States. She was a strong supported for Civil Rights and Womens Rights. Terrance Howard also Stars ‘Shirley starring Regina King comes to Netflix March 22. 22ND. 
Get ready for the animated version of Good Times coming to Netflix. Good times is based on the 70’s TV Show that starred Ester Rolle, John Amos and Jimmie JJ Walker. The animated reboot will feature the voices of JB Smoove, Jay Pharoah and Yvette Nicole Brown 
Upcoming Events 
Marlon Wayans Live Casino in Philly March 8th 
Tamia and Joe at the Hard Rock Casino in Atlantic City March 9th 
Keyshia Cole the Love Tour with Jaheim, K-Michelle, and Trey Songz at the Liacouras Center March 17th. Singer K Michelle is returning to reality TV in the Peacock show Queens Court; Ready for Love hosted by Holly and Rodney Peete. 
Kem, SWV, Dru Hill, and Silk at The Boardwalk Hall in Atlantic City The Mothers Day Festival 
Donnie Mcclurken Mother's Day show May 12th at the Liacouras Center 
Late night Talk show host Jimmy Kimmel is returning to host the Academy awards. The 96th Academy Awards airs Sunday night March 10th. 
New Edition has announced their Las Vegas Residency at the Wynn. Feb 28-March 6 
Singer Ledisi will be performing at the Met Broad and Poplar March 9th with Raheem Devaughn and BJ The Chicago Kid 
The Wiz is returning to Broadway. Singer Avery Wilson who was season 3 of the Voice will be laying the scarecrow. Singer Deborah Cox is playing Glenda the good Witch and Wayne Brady is playing oz. Kandi Burruss of The Real Housewives of Atlanta is producing the show along with her husband Todd. Singer Nichelle Lewis a Singer and Songwriter from Virginia will be playing Dorothy. She was discovered on Tik Tok. The revival hits Broadway next Spring. 
After a major health scare Madonna is back on track with her Celebration Tour. Madonna is celebrating 40 Years in show business and she’s coming to the Wells Fargo Center Jan. 25th 2024.  
Spiderman across the Spiderverse is now available on Video on DEMAND 
Disney’s The Little Mermaid  starring Halle Bailey is now available for screening on Disney Plus. 
Get ready for Bad Boys 4 with Will Smith and Martin Lawrence hitting Theatres June 24th 2024 . Also coming out Next Summer. Eddie Murphy Axel Foley Beverly Hills Cop 4 on Netflix.                                                                                                                                                            
Dwayne The Rock Johnson has signed on for another Fast and Furious spinoff featuring his character, Luke Hobbs. Meanwhile Fast and Furious 10 part two is set 2025 release. 
I am now part of the Philadelphia Music Alliance Walk of Fame. My bronze plague is on Broad Street. Broad and Pine in front of The University of The Arts. 
Judge Greg Mathis is joining The Byron Allen TV Network with a new court show Judge Mathis debuts this Fall. 
`	 
The man behind The Marvel Classics Spiderman, Black Panther, The Avengers, The X-MEN ,The Hulk and Fantastic four Stan Lee is going to be the subject of a new documentary that will air on Disney Plus next year. 
The Mike Epps, Wanda Sykes Netflix comedy The Upshaw's has been renewed for a third season. It is airing now on Netflix. 
Get ready for more of the Wayans Family. Damon Wayans Sr and Damon Wayan Jr. The Father and Son are teaming up for a new comedy show on CBS.                                                                                                                                                                   HBO is making a documentary about the STAX music label founded by Al Bell. The documentary will focus on the stars of the label including Otis Redding, Sam & Dave, Booker T’s and The MG’s The Emotions, Isaac Hayes and the Stape Singers. 
If you would like more info please email me at PattyJackson@iHeartMedia.com or check me out with my midday reports at 10:30am, 12:30pm and 2:30pm during the day on 105.3 Wdasfm. Or join me on Social Media Twitter:Mspattyjackson Instagram Wdaspatty and Facebook Patty Jackson and on Youtube Patty Jackson