Governors Ball Music Festival will take place from June 7-9.Matt Smith | For NJ Advance Media
Governors Ball is around the corner, and there are still tickets available for you to purchase.
The festival will take place in Flushing Meadows Corona Park in Queens, N.Y. from June 7-9.
Several of the biggest names in the industry will perform at the festival, including Post Malone, SZA, 21 Savage and Carly Rae Jepsen, making it an absolutely stacked lineup.
In addition to the can’t-miss lineup, there is going to be several food trucks and vendors, such as Latin food, Asian, New York pizza and lobster rolls, to enjoy throughout the weekend.
Here’s how you can secure last-minute tickets to Governors Ball.
The headliners for Governors Ball festival are Post Malone, Rauw Alejandro, The Killers, 21 Savage, SZA and Peso Pluma.
Other fan-favorite artists taking over New York in June include Dominic Fike, Labrinth, Carly Rae Jepsen, Sabrina Carpenter, Sexyy Red, Reneé Rapp, Don Toliver and Victoria Monét.
If you want to buy tickets to attend Governors Ball Music Festival, they are available on the festival website.
However, tickets also are available to purchase on the secondary market. Music festival fans can buy tickets on Vivid Seats, StubHub, TicketCity and SeatGeek.
First-time Vivid Seats users can save $20 on ticket orders over $200 with the promo code NJ20 at checkout.
You can find the full lineup and schedule for Governors Ball music festival here.
Governors Ball music festival is not the only festival going on this year.
Here is a list of upcoming festivals you do not want to miss: Sea.Hear.Now Festival, Oceans Calling Festival, Louder Than Life Music Festival and Barefoot Country Music Festival.
Our journalism needs your support. Please subscribe today to NJ.com.
Nicole Iuzzolino can be reached at niuzzolino@njadvancemedia.com. Have a tip? Tell us at nj.com/tips.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices