Virgin Radio
6 Feb 2024, 08:59
Credit: Getty / UMG
A day after sharing her major album news at the Grammy Awards, Taylor Swift has dropped the full tracklist for her impending record. 
Her 11th studio album, titled The Tortured Poets Department, is out on 19th April, and ever the tease, the Love Story singer shared the list of songs fans will do doubt devour when it hits streaming services and shelves later this year. 
Swifties can now pre-order TPD on her website, with 16 tracks to listen to on either vinyl, CD and cassette - all of which will feature a bonus track called The Manuscript. The physical copies will also have a 24-page book-bound jacket, handwritten lyrics and never-before-seen photos. 
There are a couple of major names joining Swift on her next album era too, with rapper Post Malone and Florence + the Machine hopping on two different tracks. 
The Tortured Poets Department announcement was made as Taylor picked up her record-breaking fourth Album of the Year Award at the 2024 Grammys. She had previously been tied on best album wins with Stevie Wonder, Paul Simon and Frank Sinatra, all of whom have won it three times.
Side A: 
Fortnight (Ft. Post Malone) 
The Tortured Poets Department
My Boy Only Breaks His Favorite Toys
Down Bad
Side B: 
So Long, London
But Daddy I Love Him
Fresh Out the Slammer
Florida!!! (Florence + the Machine)
Side C: 
Guilty as Sin?
Who’s Afraid of Little Old Me?
I Can Fix Him (No Really I Can)
loml
Side D: 
I Can Do It With a Broken Heart
The Smallest Man Who Ever Lived
The Alchemy
Clara Bow
Bonus Track: The Manuscript
Eagle-eyed Swifties are already deciphering what The Tortured Poets Department could mean, with many believing the mysterious title could be a dig at ex boyfriend Joe Alwyn. 
In 2022, Alwyn revealed in an interview that he and friend Paul Mescal, alongside mutual pal Andrew Scott had created a WhatsApp group named The Tortured Man Club. Fans have since joked on social media that he may need to return to said group chat once The Tortured Poets Department comes out. 
Taylor Swift’s album The Tortured Poets Department is out on 19th April. 
Advertisement
Dancing on Ice star Adele Roberts has opened up about how she had early symptoms of bowel cancer...
Sorry charity shop, this one isn't for you. 
Poor Alan Carr. His darling Irish red Setter Bev has passed away after he and ex partner Paul...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK on your laptop or desktop computer?
Have you got an Amazon Echo or Google Home device? Listen to Virgin Radio UK by asking your speaker...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK but need to go out and about? Take us with you with the Virgin...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK on your laptop or desktop computer?
Have you got an Amazon Echo or Google Home device? Listen to Virgin Radio UK by asking your speaker...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK but need to go out and about? Take us with you with the Virgin...
Advertisement
© 2025 News UK Broadcasting Ltd. Our 
 and 
 are applicable to you. All rights reserved. VIRGIN and the VIRGIN signature logo are registered trademarks of Virgin Enterprises Limited and are used under licence. For more information on Virgin Radio International visit