Khloe Kardashian wowed her fans with a topless display.
The 39-year old took to her company, Good American, Instagram account to share a snap of herself modelling items from a new denim range. She looked gorgeous as evera as she donned a pale blue pair of jeans - with a matching jacket hanging off her left shoulder with nothing underneath.
The mum-of-two protected her modesty, however, with her left arm placed across her chest to spare herself a ban from the social media platform. With her head leaning slightly to one side, Khloe stood pouting for the camera as she aimed to entice customers with her stunning look.
READ MORE: Kourtney Kardashian in horror ransom plot as $4million of vitamin stock stolen
READ MORE: Khloe Kardashian ‘wouldn’t stop humping’ sister Kendall who woke ‘covered in scabs’
The Kardashians star captioned her photo: "That feeling when NEW relaxed denim drops tomorrow." It comes after Khloe reportedly turned down Jennifer Lopez's offer of a cameo role in her This Is Me... Now movie. "Khloe said no," J-Lo simply revealed in her recent documentary, The Greatest Story Never Told.
The Prime Video production, which was released earlier this week, starred several other A-listers, however, with both musical and acting backgrounds - most notbaly Jane Fonda Sofia Vergara and Post Malone. Others to turn down the opportunity - according to a member of Jen's team - included Snoop Dogg, Taylor Swift, Lizzo and Ariana Grande, who all either declined or were unavailable.
Last week, Khloe delighted her legion of fans - this time on her personal Insta account. Taking to her story, Khloe sent temperatures soaring when she poured her killer curves into a sheer silver gown which struggled to contain her ample assets. Her jaw-dropping dress featured a dramatic thigh-high slit that gave fans an eyeful of her endless legs. The wrinkled ensemble hugged her hourglass frame and celebrated her toned physique as she posed up a storm for the camera.
n the clip, Khloe was seen getting her hair brushed and her makeup touched up as she worked her best angles for her adoring followers. She styled her honey blonde tresses into loose beachy waves which cascaded over her shoulders and down her back. The mum-of-two opted for a full face of makeup which celebrated her youthful glow with a pinch of blush on the apples of her cheeks and a pinch of bronzer on the high points of her face. She added a soft wash of brown eyeshadow on her lids which she teamed with lashings of black mascara as she threw a sultry look to the lens. To complete the look, the star added a swipe of nude pink lipstick which she outlined with a soft pink lip liner.
Want all the biggest Showbiz and TV news straight to your inbox? Sign up for our free Daily Star Showbiz newsletter
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.