ByMark Sparrow
ByMark Sparrow,
 Senior Contributor. 
The new Lewitt Audio Ray is a condenser mic with a proximity sensor that adjusts level and tone ... More based on how close someone is. It works so well.
Getting gain levels set when recording can take experience. You want things loud enough but not so loud that things start clipping when the volume gets louder. Now there is a microphone that can adjust gain levels on the fly based on how far away a person is from it.
Using Lewitt Audio’s new sensor-based technology called Aura, the Ray microphone can dynamically adapt levels according to a person’s distance from the microphone. Lewitt describes it as being like autofocus for the voice.
At the heart of the Ray microphone are two new innovative technologies called Aura and Mute by Distance. With these two features, the Ray can change how a person interacts with a microphone.
Professional singers and actors are taught microphone discipline. They know not to move around too much and to keep a constant distance between their mouth and the mic. The rest of us aren’t taught these things and some people do get animated with singing or speaking during a podcast. That’s where Aura technology comes in.
The Ray microphone from Lewitt Audio comes with a shock mount. On the front are the controls for ... More AURA and Mute by Distance functions.
Lewitt Audio’s Ray microphone overcomes the major limitations of conventional microphones by ensuring a more consistent sound quality. Usually, when moving close to a mic, a voice will sound louder and more boomy. This is known as the proximity effect. When moving away, a voice drops off in volume and starts to sound thinner. With Aura, a sensor-based technology monitors how close someone is to the mic and then precisely adjusts the level and tone depending on the distance.
With Aura turned on, there’s no need to adapt to the microphone because it does the adapting. The technology enables a person to move around more naturally and focus on their performance without the sound varying. Results are incredible, especially when used for podcasts, live streaming and recording vocals.
Not everyone knows about mic discipline, that's why the Ray's Aura technology works so well at ... More keeping the volume and tone of the voice even and consistent.
With Aura turned off, the Ray becomes a high-end condenser studio microphone with the same recording quality as Lewitt’s best-selling LCT 440 PURE model. But Aura works so well, it’s well worth keeping on as it does vary the levels without you noticing. I’ve tried it on Zoom calls and voiceovers and it works!
The other innovative feature built into Ray is something called Mute by Distance. I’ve often wondered why XLR microphones don’t have a mute button like a USB mic. A few dynamic stage mics have switches, but a silent Mute button on an XLR condenser mic would be a great innovation.
That’s exactly what Mute by Distance does. The RAY has a dedicated mute button with visual feedback showing the distance at which you would like the microphone to mute. Push the Mute by Distance button and you can easily set a specific distance at which Ray will automatically mute/unmute the signal. With the feature turned on, you can step away and the audio will be muted, stopping acoustic bleed or the possibility of feedback. It's a game-changer for live performances where you can’t process background sounds.
The Lewitt Audio Ray microphone comes with a shock mount, magnetic pop filter, foam windshield and ... More storage pouch.
LEWITT Audio claims that RAY offers the brand’s signature “Record-Ready” sound. The LEWITT Signature Sound has found favor with quite a few artists including Justin Bieber, The Rolling Stones, Halsey, Post Malone, Kehlani, Yngwie Malmsteen, or Doja Cat, be that in the studio or on stage. That’s not too shabby a selection of endorsements.
The Ray is built around a 1-inch true condenser capsule. The gold-sputtered capsule has a cardioid polar pattern that records what’s in front of the microphone but rejects sound from behind. With an astonishingly low self-noise of just 8 dB(A) and the ability to handle sound pressure levels up to 131 dB SPL, the Ray is a well-natured mic that offers a clean signal but is very forgiving at the same time. With AURA turned on, it’s even more forgiving.
Lewitt Audio’s Ray has a 100% analog signal path and is fitted with a gold-plated, 3-pin XLR connector. All the mic’s innovative features are powered via 48V phantom power coming from the audio interface or preamp.
The Mute by Distance function mutes the Ray when you move back from the mic. The distance can be ... More adjusted to suit.
Despite all the innovation packed into this condenser mic, the Ray is still relatively compact and looks good on camera. Ray ships with a smart shock mount and a camera-friendly pop filter that magnetically snaps onto the shock mount. Having a compact pop filter makes it easier to video a performance and doesn’t get in the way of a script or lyric.
Verdict: On its own, the Lewitt Audio would be an excellent condenser mic. However, what makes this a game-changer is the laser measurement technology that adjusts the gain levels on the fly depending on how close a person is to the mic. It makes for a much more consistent sound, especially when working with people not trained to use microphones properly. The Mute by Distance is another game-changer, meaning you don’t necessarily need to close a fader. Just move back from the mic and the Mute function will kick in. No doubt some veteran sound professionals will scoff at the idea of Aura and Mute by Distance but try it and you will be converted. It’s a great example of innovation and the latest technology being applied to an older type of equipment. Highly Recommended.
Pricing & Availability: The LEWITT Audio RAY microphone is available now and costs $349 / £299 / €349.
Tech Specs: