By KEVIN KAYHART FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  06:23, 27 January 2024   |  Updated:  06:27, 27 January 2024   
 47
View  comments
Fans of Morrissey are now learning why the legendary crooner abruptly canceled a series of shows, including two in Southern California.
The Smiths frontman was scheduled to perform at the Honda Center in Anaheim on Friday, January 26, and at the Kia Forum the following night in celebration of the 20th anniversary of his heralded album You Are The Quarry, but were called off at the last-minute that were initially blamed to 'unforeseen circumstances.'
'Morrissey is receiving medical supervision for physical exhaustion,' the iconic crooner's tour manager Donnie Knutson wrote on his Instagram page.
'He has been ordered to rest for two weeks, and he will remain in Zurich.'
As a result, a run of the singer's upcoming South American shows, scheduled to kick off on February 3, were also canceled, according to NME.
Morrissey, 64, abruptly canceled two Southern California shows that were initially blamed on 'unforeseen circumstances' that were apart of his 20th anniversary celebration of his album You Are The Quarry (2004); he is pictured in London in May 2023
The 'unforeseen circumstances' that forced the cancelation of shows in the U.S. was later to be revealed to be Morrissey being treated for 'physical exhaustion', according to a message written on Instagram page by tour manager Donnie Knutson
Morrissey (born Steven Patrick Morrissey) had planned to perform his seventh solo studio album You Are The Quarry (2004) in full for both shows, according to Deadline.
The record features four singles that made the UK Top 10: Irish Blood, English Heart, First of the Gang to Die, Let Me Kiss You and I Have Forgiven Jesus.
The Davyhulme, Lancashire, England native co-founded the rock band The Smiths in 1982, and proceeded to gain a loyal fanbase who swooned over the mesmerizing music of guitarist Johnny Marr and Morrissey's dark his baritone voice and distinctive lyrics.
Eventually considered to be indie music darlings, the band went on to release four studio albums that were hits in the UK, all while garnering fans across the world.
Strangeways, Here We Come (1987) marked the last of those four records before the group, who also featured Andy Rourke (bass) and Mike Joyce (drums), decided to break up after a five-year run.
After going solo, Morrissey has since released 13 studio albums between 1988 and 2019, including You Are The Quarry, which turned out to be a huge comeback statement following a seven year recording hiatus.
Consisting of four hit singles that all went top 10 on the UK Singles Chart, the record also reached number 11 on the billboard 200, making it his highest-charting album in the U.S.
Morrissey also has two new studio records completed and ready to be released, including Bonfire Of Teenagers, but Capitol Records has refused to give it an official drop date. 
The two canceled U.S. shows on January 26 and 27 were apart of his 20th anniversary of his seventh studio album You Are The Quarry
The current tour is a 20th anniversary celebration of his seventh studio album, You Are The Quarry; the crooner is seen performing in Australia in December 2023
The British singer-songwriter for gained recognition as a musician by fronting the rock Band The Smiths, which featured guitar slinger Johnny Marr
While the music label has been playing hardball with the artist on the album, executives are willing to sell it back in full to Morrissey, for the right price, according to the singer-songwriter during an appearance on Fox 5 New York.
Originally slated to drop in February 2023, Bonfire Of Teenagers has plenty of star power, featuring the likes of Elton John, Ozzy Osbourne and Post Malone associate Andrew Watt, and guest spots from Miley Cyrus, Red Hot Chili Peppers’ Chad Smith and Flea, and Iggy Pop.
'It's been quite traumatic and quite sad because when you record something, you want it to be available immediately and it was very much of the time,' the How Soon Is Now? star confessed.
'For me, it was a very personal thing and the fact that it hasn't been released has been torture.'
Morrissey's album Without Music The World Dies, which was created after his spilt from Capitol, was completed in February 2023, and then offered up to any record labels or private investors who were willing to distribute the batch of 10 new songs.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group