The film premieres on Prime Video on Feb. 16.

													By
												

	Latifah Muhammad


	All products and services featured are independently chosen by editors. However, Billboard may receive a commission on orders placed through its retail links, and the retailer may receive certain auditable data for accounting purposes.

Valentine’s Day may be over, but love is still in the air. Jennifer Lopez’s new movie, This Is Me … Now: A Love Story, debuted on Prime Video on Friday (Feb. 16), coinciding with the release her ninth studio album, This Is Me … Now. 






	
	
		
					Explore		
	





		Explore	

















	
		
					Jennifer Lopez		
					


See latest videos, charts and news



See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	Lopez teamed with director Dave Myers for the film, described by Amazon as a “narrative-driven cinematic odyssey, steeped in mythological storytelling and personal healing.”





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					This $18 Fridge Magnet Can Be Personalized With Your Favorite Song (And Actually Play It)		
	



	05/02/2025	







This Is Me … Now: A Love Story features a star-studded cast that includes Fat Joe, Post Malone, Keke Palmer, Trevor Noah, Kim Petras, Jane Fonda, Post Malone, Sofia Vergara, Jenifer Lewis, Jay Shetty, Neil deGrasse Tyson, Derek Hough, Paul Raci, Trevor Jackson, Ben Affleck and more. 

	










	“A lot of the things that are in [the movie] are inspired by things that I went through,” Lopez explained on The View on Feb. 15. The film tells “the story of a hopeless romantic,” added Lopez. 

	Keep reading for details on how to stream This Is Me … Now: A Love Story for free, from any device. 

This Is Me … Now: A Love Story dropped on Prime Video on Friday, and Prime Members can stream it for free.  

	To watch from your TV, open the Prime Video app and navigate to the homepage. This Is Me … Now: A Love Story will be featured in the top carousel on the homepage. The movie will also be located on the main page on the Amazon mobile app and website, and you can watch on a laptop, phone and other streaming devices. 

	Amazon offers a 30-day free trial to Amazon Prime, which you can use to stream movies, music and more for free. Besides Prime Video, the free trial gives you access to Amazon Music, Prime Gaming, Prime Reading, exclusive discounts, same-day and one-day delivery on millions of items and lots more. 

	After the free trial ends, your Prime Membership renews at $14.99/month unless you cancel. 

	Amazon offers 50% off for SNAP/Medicaid and other qualifying government assistance programs and student discounts via Prime Student, which includes six months free and $6.99/month after the free trial ends.

	Prime Video has one of the larger selections of free and paid content to stream. Prime exclusives like This Is Me Now, Mr. & Mrs. Smith, Reacher, Saltburn, Dark Harvest, Foe, Invincible, The Wheel of Time, The Underdogs and Role Play are available to stream at no additional charge, but Prime Video also has a large selection of movies that you can buy and rent.

	










	Watch the trailer to This Is Me … Now: A Love Story below.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.