Staten Islanders want more eateries, supermarkets and discount retailers to come to the borough. (Composite by Tom Wrobleski/Staten Island Advance)Tom Wrobleski/Staten Island Advance
STATEN ISLAND, N.Y. - Staten Islanders know what they want. And they want more name-brand restaurants and discount stores here.
Advance readers had recently told us that they wanted to see another Costco here, along with a casino and more wide-open use of HOV lanes.
That story led to a flood of comments on Facebook and Instagram from borough residents about the new shops, stores and eateries they would like to see come to the Island.
Here are the hotspots that Staten Islanders want in the borough. Did yours make the list?
Jose Tejas
Menus at Jose Tejas include discounted kids' meals. (Jan Somma-Hammel/Staten Island Advance Staff-Shot)Staff-Shot
This popular Tex-Mex restaurant got a lot of mentions on social media from Staten Islanders. There were reports over the last ten years that a Jose Tejas was coming to Staten Island but it has yet to happen.
Walmart
Staten Islanders definitely want to see a Walmart here. But until one is built on the Island, borough residents will have to make do with the Walmart stores that are easily accessible in New Jersey.
Trader Joe’s
Trader Joe's parking lot on Richmond Avenue in New Springville. (Tom Wrobleski/Staten Island Advance)Tom Wrobleski/Staten Island Advance
The Trader Joe’s in New Springville is wildly popular with Staten Islanders (even if it has one of the worse parking lots in the borough). Islanders would like another Trader’s Joe’s here, preferably on the South Shore.
Whole Foods Market
Islanders are hungry to see this Amazon-owned purveyor of natural and organic foods come to the borough. One reader said they would rather see a Whole Foods here “than all the weed factories!”
Wegman’s
Founded in upstate Rochester, Wegman’s has supermarkets in eight states in the Northeast. Staten Islanders want one here.
BJ’s Wholesale Club
: BJ’s Wholesale Club on Graphics Drive in Town Madison is the chain’s first Alabama location. It opened Friday, Nov. 10, 2023..Scott Turner/AL.com
Some Staten Islanders would rather see a BJ’s here than another Costco. A BJ’s is set to be built on South Avenue in Mariners Harbor, even through there was opposition to the elimination of a large swath of wetlands that paved the way for the project.
Christmas Tree Shops
Former Christmas Tree Shops store in Charleston. (Staten Island Advance/Jan Somma-Hammel)
One reader misses this discount store and called for its return. But it was announced in July 2023 that all Christmas Tree Shops, including the one in Charleston, would be shuttered.
Red Lobster
The Boulevard shopping center in New Dorp. (Staten Island Advance/Erik Bascome)
It was announced in 2019 that a Red Lobster would open at The Boulevard shopping area in New Dorp. But amid the COVID-19 pandemic in 2021, news came that Red Lobster had pulled out of the deal.
Texas Roadhouse
Serving up steaks, ribs, from-scratch sides and fresh rolls, this eatery has numerous outlets in the tri-state area. Staten Islanders want one here.
Cracker Barrel
Homestyle food with a Southern flair is the hallmarks of Cracker Barrel. Ultra-loyal patrons, including travelers, like the restaurant chain’s gift shops too.
Cheesecake Factory
More than one Islander mentioned that they want to see this restaurant, known for its signature dessert, open here.
Chevy’s Fresh Mex
Staten Island’s last Chevy’s, in New Dorp, closed in 2008. A location in the Staten Island Mall was shuttered in 2005. One Islander told us, “Bring back Chevy’s!” There’s one in Union City, N.J.
Stew Leonard’s
Stew Leonard's grocery store in the Paramus Park Mall in Paramus, N.J.Steve Hockstein | For NJ Advance Media
There were hopes in 2019 that a Stew Leonard’s supermarket would open here after one was opened in nearby Paramus, N.J. But store reps said there were no plans for an Island expansion.
Sam’s Club
This wholesale store, owned by Walmart, is also popular with Staten Islanders.
Another Staples
While there are still some of this office supply stores on the Island, many still miss the one that was on Forest Avenue in Port Richmond. A Target store is there now.
Another Target
Target store in Port Richmond. (Photo courtesy of Target)
Speaking of the discount retailer, one Staten Islander would like to see a Target on the old ShopRite supermarket site in New Dorp.
Wawa
A Wawa location in Wall Township, N.J. (Andrew Mills | NJ Advance Media)Andrew Mills | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com
This coffee stop, convenience store and gas station chain has numerous outlets along the East Coast. Just none on Staten Island.
At Home
Staten Islanders would like to see this home décor and seasonal store come to the borough.
Party Fair
The Island needs more one-stop party supply stores for costumes, balloons and decorations, according to one Advance reader, and Party Fair fits the bill. There are plenty of these stores in New Jersey as well as Pennsylvania and Oregon.
Big Lots
Big Lots location in Cleveland, Ohio. (Photo courtesy of Big Lots)Courtesy of Big Lots
This store known for discount home furnishings, décor and lifestyle products has locations in New Jersey.
‘A real barbecue place’
That’s what one Staten Islander wants to see here.
Dress Barn
The Dress Barn here closed in 2020. One Staten Islander would like to see it make a comeback.
Raising Cane’s Chicken Fingers
Rapper Post Malone grew up loving the food at Raising Cane’s in Texas. The restaurant last year opened its first New York City location, in Times Square.
In-N-Out Burger
In-N-Out Burger location in Oregon. (The Oregonian)The Oregonian/file
This iconic California-based eatery would be a good fit here, Staten Islanders say. Sorry, but the nearest one appears to be in Dallas, Texas.
LongHorn Steakhouse
Until one of these casual steak, chop and chicken eateries comes to the Island, borough residents can visit nearby New Jersey locations in Bayonne and Woodbridge. One Islander said they’d rather see a steakhouse here than another pizzeria or Italian restaurant.
Long John Silver’s
One Staten Island wants to see this affordable seafood place come to the borough. If you have a craving right now, there are locations in Queens, upstate New York and in New Jersey.
Arby’s
Burger meal from Arby's. (Nick O'Malley, MassLive)Nick O'Malley, MassLive
Two “We Have the Meats” Arby’s eateries were supposed to come to Staten Island but one was served an eviction notice in 2020 before it even opened and the other never materialized. The nearest Arby’s is in Manhattan.
Ollie’s
The bargain outlet’s slogan is, “Get Good Stuff Cheap!” There’s one on Route 9 in Old Bridge, N.J.
Topgolf
Topgolf venue in Canton, Mass. (Photo courtesy of Topgolf)Topgolf
More than one Islander called for this driving range, eatery and entertainment venue to put down stakes in the borough.
Olive Garden
Olive Garden restaurant location in Massachusetts. (Matt Durr | MLive.com)
You can find these family-style Italian eateries in Brooklyn, Manhattan and New Jersey.
BOO-HISS!
Of course, some New Jersey readers of SILive.com couldn’t help but throw some shade our way when it comes to our store/restaurant wish list.
“Just go to Jersey for these things,” said one. “I live within 10 minutes of 3 Costcos lol. Some of y’all need to get off the Island once in a while.”
Said another, “You could move to Jersey. We already got all these places.”
And one Islander doesn’t want to see any more big-box or chain stores here at all.
“More chain stores to enhance the demise of Staten Island,” they said.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices