Morgan Wallen is in London this week with a show at Hyde Park on July 4. During that show, Morgan will no doubt sing his song, "Lies, Lies, Lies," which was originally recorded by Wallen at London's iconic Studio Two at Abbey Road Studios on December 5, 2023, following his sold-out show at The O2.
The country star is playing his first-ever headlining set at BST Hyde Park London on July 4, featuring openers Riley Green, ERNEST, Ella Langley, and more.
When the show was announced in March, Morgan said, "Last fall was my first time in the UK and man, I loved it. I saw so much while I was there, and the people were incredible."
He added, "To play where legendary artists like Pink Floyd and The Rolling Stones have played is a huge honor for me and my band, and we can't wait to be back."
Wallen will commemorate the show with U.K.-exclusive merch available at Hyde Park while supplies last. A limited edition "Lies Lies Lies" t-shirt will also be available online only at Shop.MorganWallen.com beginning July 5 at 9 a.m. ET.
A portion of every ticket purchased to his live shows benefits The Morgan Wallen Foundation (MWF), which operates on the core belief that all children deserve a chance to thrive, play, and create through sports and music.
RELATED: Morgan Wallen's 'This Bar & Tennessee Kitchen' To Open June 1
Wallen and Post Malone released a collaboration complete with a video for the song "I Had Some Help" in May. The song has already topped the country charts. 
Both of them posted the new video to their Instagram accounts. Morgan teased the song on his Instagram, with a photo of the two, writing, "Had Some Help."
At the time, many of Wallen's faithful followers reacted to the post, including one fan who said, "I love these two." Another fan commented, "Finally!!! But we need the live version released, too!!" One more fan wrote, "Best song out right now!"
The words in the chorus of "I Had Some Help" are: "I had some help / It ain't like I can make this kind of mess all by myself / Don't act like you ain't help me pull that bottle off the shelf / I've been deep in every weekend if you couldn't tell / They say teamwork makes the dream work / Hell, I had some help."
The new video shows Posty in a bar and doing some drinking when Morgan shows up to help his friend who was kicked out of the bar. The video then shows the two superstars singing in the back of a white pickup truck with an American flag while fireworks go off. 
The end of the fun video shows Malone back in the bar and dancing on the counter. 

                    Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!