Post Malone. Photo: Adam DeGross
Entertainment powerhouse Post Malone made his mark on the final day of July, unveiling the track list for his highly-anticipated album, F-1 Trillion, and locking in his Opry debut for Aug. 14.
On Wednesday (July 31), Post surprised country music fans by revealing the album’s full 18-song track list through a full-page advertisement in The Tennessean, along with a post on his Instagram account reading, “August 16th.” The star-studded list features features from some of the genre’s most iconic names, like Tim McGraw, Dolly Parton, Brad Paisley, Hank Williams Jr. and Blake Shelton. Current stars flood the tracks as well with Morgan Wallen, Luke Combs, Lainey Wilson, Jelly Roll, Ernest, Chris Stapleton, Hardy, Billy Strings and Sierra Ferrel all making appearances on the album.
Shortly after this announcement, a video appeared on Paisley’s Instagram account inviting Post to join him in a performance at the Opry.
“Hey Post! Brad here. So, what I’m about to ask is going to mean a lot to you, I think, knowing you and knowing the respect that you have for country music through this journey you’re embarking on as a hillbilly singer—which is going to be massive, remarkable and amazing for both country music and you,” explained Paisley.
He continued, “Would you like to play the Opry? Come play it with me in August. It is a total invite and will be the first of many appearances from you, I have a feeling. Come experience what it’s like to play the show that started it all. You and I can jam together, a lot of your friends will be there and we’re going to have a blast.”
The video was soon followed up by a graphic uploaded from Post’s own Instagram account with his caption reading, “What an honor @opry. See y’all in the circle with my friends @bradpaisley, @laineywilson, @vincegillofficial, @thewarandtreaty, @johnmichaelmontgomery on 8/14.”
Shortly after the release of his album, Post will hit the road on his “F-1 Trillion Tour.” Beginning on Sept. 8 in Salt Lake City, the artist recently added two additional dates in Texas rounding out his run on Oct. 26 in Austin.