Flowers. Everyone loves them. I certainly do. And this past Valentine's Day got me thinking about the flowers I love the most. 
I cannot speak on behalf of the entire world, but in my experience, flowers really are about the thought process and meaning behind them. I’ll explain what I mean in the form of a good old ranking, which neither the bourgeoisie nor the proletariats among you, dear readers, can resist. I must also preface this by stating that this is in no way an indication to my partner to get me a bouquet of my favourite flowers. (If he doesn’t, he’s dead to me.) 
1. Sunflowers: We begin with my queen of flowers — the sunflower. Its petals glistening in the glow of the fiery sun god, bright yellow, cheery, free-willed. I’d much rather frolic through a garden of sunflowers than a field of dandelions, just for the sheer energy they instill in me. There is, of course, another deeper meaning (as there always is when I’m involved). Hands up if you’ve seen Sierra Burgess Is a Loser. Hands up higher if you’ve heard the song “Sunflower.” I’ve always found it difficult to be the stereotypically perfect “roses girl.” Complete power to them, it just doesn’t fit me. I’ve been a little more of the “funny” sunflower. Pretty in its own way, but different. Stretching out toward the sun, limitless, filled with possibility, but still underappreciated and unseen. Who would pick out the funny little sunflower when it’s surrounded by dozens of red and white roses, perfect in all their glory? I would. I’d walk the road less traveled to get the bright gold treasure at the end of it. I see parts of myself, good and bad, in a sunflower. And that’s why it’s my favorite.
2. ⁠Baby’s breath: Now this one’s interesting. Have you ever seen those white filler flowers in a bouquet? Slender stems, tiny petals, unnoticeable. They’re the flowers that put in the hard work to make the “main flowers” look pretty. The flowers that bring everything together, putting in the final touches to achieve perfection, and yet fly under the radar. They also have the most adorable name in the whole darn world. To me, these flowers are the tools to achieving perfection. A perfectionist by nature, such flowers are naturally appealing to me.
3. ⁠Roses: Well, this one’s loaded. A callback to my Sierra Burgess comment, I think these flowers are too big for their britches. They’re the group member that does zero work for the presentation but takes all the credit. I know we’re supposed to love roses, supposed to cherish them, supposed to liken their traditional red to the red of our hearts, but why give so much admiration to a flower covered with thorns, impaling anyone who chooses to stand in its way. Roses don’t feel special, they don’t feel personal. In gifting them they’ve started to feel like I’m participating in the mass production of love. (Who isn’t, honestly? Yes, Oski, I’m looking at you handing out roses to everyone you see.) Overall, they’re not bad, just not enough. 
And that, ladies and gentlemen, is the end of my post-Valentine’s Day TED Talk. Say what you will about me and my choice of flowers, make assumptions, foster judgement, but never, ever forget that you deserve a flower in which you see at least a little bit of yourself. 
Signing off,
“I’m a sunflower, a little funny” (go stream the non-Post Malone “Sunflower” by Shannon Purser on Spotify right now!)
A. Mal
We're an independent student-run newspaper, and need your support to maintain our coverage.
Join our weekly newsletter!
CHECK OUT OUR MOST RECENT PRINT EDITION
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: