THERMAL, CALIFORNIA – APRIL 16: 21 Savage performs onstage during REVOLVE Festival 2023, Thermal, CA – Day 2 on April 16, 2023 in Thermal, California.
21 Savage's third solo studio album has arrived. American Dream -- which shares the title of his upcoming biopic -- has a number of guest features. They include Travis Scott, Young Thug, Summer Walker, Brent Faiyaz, Mariah the Scientist, and Lil Durk. The rapper shared baby photos of the rappers and R&B singers on his album this week.
The album encapsulates the rapper's ideology of an American Dream as it was a surprise to fans that the Atlanta native was born in London. In 2019 he was arrested by ICE as they claimed he was in the country illegally. While on tour for his joint 2022 album Her Loss with Drake, he was absent from the Canadian shows most likely due to his immigration status. However, during the last Canadian show, 21 was able to perform alongside Drake for the first time outside of the United States. Additionally in the song "8 AM in Charlotte" Drake raps, "Savage got a green card" in the 2019 incident.
American Dream arrives after the announcement of his biopic starring Donald Glover and Caleb McLaughlin. According to a press release, American Dream will be the soundtrack to the rapper's upcoming film of the same name. American Dream: The 21 Savage Story  follows the rapper's life through his adolescence to fulfill his career dreams, such as his 2020 Grammy win for "A Lot." The trailer shows a young version of the rapper (played by McLaughlin) getting bullied and scenes where he participates in a home robbery. Glover plays the older version of 21. It shows his arrest by Immigration and Customs Enforcement, the 2020 Grammy win, and his discovery of his musical talent with producer Metro Boomin (played by Jabari Banks). There is also a scene that reveals how he got his stage name. 21 is also seen in the trailer as himself rapping in an interrogation room across from McLaughlin and Glover.
In addition to the album announcement, 21 also dropped a visual to "Redrum." Take a look below:
If you're trying to create a fire song, you might want to give 21 Savage a call. 21 Savage has proven that he's a great collaborator, team player, and dynamic lyricist over the years. He has a few songs where he is the lead artist and has proven that he can carry his own, but when it's time for 21 to tap in on a collab, he's fired up and ready to go.
21 Savage has collaborated with superstar producer Metro Boomin twice and with Drake once on their collab album Her Loss.
Metro Boomin and 21's project Savage Mode was released in 2016, which contained a solo feature from Future ("X"). The EP was released a year before 21's debut album Issa Album. The duo followed up with a Savage Mode II in 2020. It had guest appearances by Drake, Young Thug, and Young Nudy. The project debuted at No. 1 on the Billboard 200.
21's latest album collaboration was with Drake for Her Loss. The duo announced the project last October when they initially told fans that a music video to their "Jimmy Cooks" would drop. While they fulfilled that promise, halfway through the music video, it is revealed that their collab album Her Loss was to drop on October 28, 2022. It eventually got delayed due to Drake's longtime producer Noah "40" Shehib contracting COVID-19, and was released on Nov. 4.
Her Loss was worth the wait, as the album debuted at No. 1 on the Billboard 200, and all 16 tracks made the Billboard Hot 100. Her Loss is the Toronto rapper's 12th No. 1 and the third leader for 21 Savage. The duo later announced the It's All A Blur Tour, which hit several states such as New York, Los Angeles, Boston, as well as Drake's home country of Canada. The tour wrapped earlier this month.
Take a look at eight of 21 Savage's best collaborations below:
Cardi B enlisted 21 Savage for "Bartier Cardi." 21 delivered a smooth verse, but his adlibs were a necessity to the record as it added an extra boost of energy to Cardi's flow. The song peaked at No. 14 on the Billboard Hot 100 and stayed on the chart for 20 Weeks.
21's best line: "Told the waitress, I ain't tippin'/ I like hot sauce on my chicken (On God)"
21 starts off "Spin Bout U" which samples B.G.O.T.I.’s 1995 hit song "Give Me Your Lov-N." The Atlanta native raps about how he's into his girl and will take the necessary precautions to keep her -- even if that means killing off other men interested in her. The song debuted at No. 5 on the Billboard Hot 100. It stayed on the chart for 29 weeks.
21's best line: "F--- your main pagе, what's your Finsta? I wanna know the real you."
J.I.D. enlisted 21 Savage and Baby Tate on his "Surround Sound." 21 projects his infamous calm flow on the record, a contrast to J.I.D.'s rapid-fire rhymes. The record is the first time all three artists have collaborated together. The song is certified platinum by the RIAA.
21's best line: "We call him Mickey, he talks to the cops."
Metro Boomin tapped in The Weeknd and 21 Savage for "Creepin" for his 2022 album Heroes & Villains. It was the lead single for the album and samples Mario Winans featuring Enya and P. Diddy's "I Don't Wanna Know." Diddy later appeared on the remix of the song. 21's verse gets into how he built a girl up by buying her luxury items and taking her to fancy places, only to be let down. The addition of 21's verse switches up the melancholy production and smooth notes from The Weeknd, giving listeners a different sound to the record. The song is now certified two times platinum by the RIAA.
21's best line: How you go from housewife to a sneaky link?
After Project Pat's dynamic intro on "Knife Talk," 21 Savage comes in blazing with his verse. The Atlanta native raps about his guns and how he does not play around with people messing with him. Following 21's verse on "Knife Talk," Drake finishes the song. The song peaked at No. 4 on the Billboard Hot 100, and it stayed on the chart for 29 weeks.
21's best line: "We done baptized more n----- than a damn reverend."
21 has made collaboration albums with both artists and this collaboration was a no-brainer since all three work so well together. 21 is the lead artist on "Mr. Right Now" with Drake and Metro handles the production. In the song, 21 is telling a woman he's interested in that he might not be the one for her in the long run but he's good for right now. The song peaked at No. 10 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart, and it stayed for 18 weeks.
21's best line: "I ain't Mr. Right, but I'm Mr. Right Now (21)"
"Do your thing 21, do your thing," Drake raps before 21 begins his verse on the record. He does just as the song says, bragging about his expensive taste before he raps about how he wants his girl to act. "Rich Flex" was the highest charting song off of Drake and 21's joint album Her Loss. It debuted at No. 2 on the Billboard Hot 100.
21's best line: "Don't call me on Christmas Eve, bitch, call your daddy (21)/Bitch, call your uncle (21), bitch, don't call me (21)"
While Drake was experimenting with house music on Honestly, Nevermind, 21 brought him back with their rap collab "Jimmy Cooks." It is the only non-house music inspired track on the album. It debuted at No. 1 on the Billboard Hot, making it the second time 21 has had a chart leader. The song was also used as an announcement for their joint album Her Loss. While "Jimmy Cooks" was not the first time the two have collabed, it made everyone hungry for a joint project between the two.
21's best line: "Big stepper, he came in a Rolls, but he left in a stretcher (21)/Let my brother drive while I shoot, team effort (21)"
J. Cole tapped in 21 Savage and Morray for "my. life" while they rap about their come-ups and how life used to be for them. 21 Savage gets vulnerable in his lines as he talks about growing up without his father but also how the streets have affected his life. "my. life" debuted at No. 2 on the Billboard Hot 100. The record was nominated for Best Rap Song and Best Rap Performance at the 64th Annual Grammy Awards.
21's best line: "If you betray me, you dead to me (21)/I disrespect you respectfully (Straight up)"
While it was the first time Post Malone and 21 Savage worked together, but they created pure magic. There was no way you did not hear "Rockstar" everywhere you went in 2018.
The record stayed at No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart for eight weeks. In total, the song stayed for 41 weeks on the chart. "Rockstar" was named the Best Rap Song at the 2018 Billboard Music Awards. It was also nominated for the “Record of the Year” and “Best Rap/Sung Performance” categories at the 60th Grammy Awards. "Rockstar" is also certified diamond by the RIAA, making it 21's first record of that status.
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!