It's Wallen's third No. 1 and second to debut atop the ranking.

													By
												

	Kevin Rutherford


Morgan Wallen’s “Love Somebody” becomes the latest country hit to top Billboard’s Streaming Songs chart in 2024, debuting at No. 1 on the Nov. 2-dated tally.

	In the week ending Oct. 24, “Love Somebody” earned 31.1 million official U.S. streams, according to Luminate.

	It’s Wallen’s first No. 1 debut as a lead act; earlier this year, he started atop the ranking as a featured act on Post Malone’s “I Had Some Help,” which reigned for two weeks, one in May and one in August.

	










	He also led the chart for 19 weeks with “Last Night” in 2023, though the song did not reach No. 1 until its sixth week on the list.




			Trending on Billboard		






	“Love Somebody” is the fourth No. 1 from the country genre on Streaming Songs in 2024. The year began with Brenda Lee’s “Rockin’ Around the Christmas Tree” reigning on the Jan. 6 list (after ruling for the final four weeks of 2023), followed by the aforementioned Malone/Wallen collaboration and then Shaboozey’s “A Bar Song (Tipsy)” for nine weeks to date beginning in July. “Love Somebody” takes over from “A Bar Song” atop the latest ranking.

	In 2023, four country songs topped the list, including Lee, plus Wallen’s “Last Night,” Zach Bryan’s Kacey Musgraves-featuring “I Remember Everything” and Oliver Anthony Music’s “Rich Men North of Richmond.” The genre has not yet boasted more than four rulers in a year.

	In the preceding nine years (2013-2022) of the chart, only Taylor Swift’s “All Too Well (Taylor’s Version)” had represented the country genre at No. 1 on Streaming Songs, doing so in 2021.

	On Country Streaming Songs, “Love Somebody” is Wallen’s 12th leader, twice as many as the next-closest acts, Swift and Florida Georgia Line, with six apiece.

	Concurrently, as previously reported, “Love Somebody” debuts at No. 1 on the multimetric Billboard Hot 100, becoming Wallen’s third ruler.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.