Cord-cutters, take note. 
Are you prepared for kickoff? Super Bowl Sunday is nearly here, which means it’s time to get your shit together. Food, squares, canned Traylor jokes, the works. Whether you’re headed to a house party, moseying over to your local dive, or hosting a get-together yourself, there’s one key element you can't forget: where to watch the game. Especially if you're a cord-cutter.
While everyone’s busy preparing snack platters and custom cocktails, be the hero and brush up on the NFL’s always-evolving foray into the wide world steaming services. There’s nothing more embarrassing than sitting in front of the television and realizing that you don’t know what channel the Super Bowl is on—or worse, that you need a subscription that you haven’t paid for. Keep reading for a Super Bowl viewing guide—so you won’t miss a second of the game. (Or Usher’s halftime performance.)
The San Francisco 49ers and the Kansas City Chiefs will face off on February 11, 2024. The game officially begins at 6:30 p.m. ET, but coverage will start hours before kickoff. CBS anchor Tommy Tran will host the pre-show at 3:00 P.M. ET. Then, at 5:00 P.M. ET, Chris Hassel will take over for the Super Bowl pregame. 
Before the teams take the field, we’ll see a few celebrity performances. Reba McEntire will perform “The National Anthem.” Meanwhile, Post Malone will deliver his rendition of “America the Beautiful,” and Andra Day will sing “Lift Every Voice and Sing.” If you want to skip the pre-show, then I’d advise waiting until 6:00 P.M. to tune in, but if you prefer a full-day affair, then CBS will be waiting for you at 3:00 P.M. sharp.
This year, you have three viewing options. If you prefer to watch the game the old-fashioned way, you can tune in live on CBS. If your party will have a lot of children around, you could also watch the game on Nickelodeon, which will feature a family-friendly broadcast. If you don’t have cable, you can stream the Super Bowl live on Paramount+. You’ll need a subscription to do so—but if you’re not ready to commit, you can try their week-long free trial. The choice is yours.
'Landman' Just Added Sam Elliot (!) to Season 2
Did 'Yellowstone' Plan For Three More Seasons?
Is There Any Chance We'll See 'Andor' Season 3?
'Yellowstone' Spin-off Titled 'Dutton Ranch' 
What's Happening With the 'Yellowstone' Spin-offs?
'The Bear' Season 4 Is Coming This Summer
Is 'Ransom Canyon' Coming Back for Season 2?
How the Seraphites Will Change 'The Last of Us'
What Is the W.L.F. in 'The Last of Us' Season 2?
‘The Last of Us’ Episode 3 Is a Lot to Take In
‘Andor’ Season 2, Episode 3 Recap
The King of the Sports Doc Is Still Going Strong
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.