Kansas City Chiefs quarterback Patrick Mahomes (15) passes under pressure from Baltimore Ravens defensive tackle Broderick Washington (96) during the second half of the AFC Championship NFL football game, Sunday, Jan. 28, 2024, in Baltimore. (AP Photo/Matt Slocum)AP
The Kansas City Chiefs will play the San Francisco 49ers in Super Bowl LVIII starting at 6:30 p.m. Feb. 11. It will take place at Allegiant Stadium in Las Vegas, the home of the Raiders.
The Chiefs defeated the Baltimore Ravens 17-10 in the AFC championship game and the 49ers rallied from a 17-point deficit to defeat the Detroit Lions 34-31 for the NFC title.
It’s a Super Bowl rematch from four years ago when the Chiefs overcame a 10-point deficit in the fourth quarter to beat the 49ers in Miami.
The 49ers opened at 2-point favorites, but the line since then has been moving in both directions, according to BetMGM.
Country music recording artist Reba McEntire will sing the national anthem before the game, Post Malone will sing “America the Beautiful,” and artist and actress Andra Day will sing “Lift Every Voice and Sing.” Usher, Usher, an eight-time Grammy Award winner, is set to headline the halftime show.
CBS will carry the game, which can be live-streamed on a variety of platforms, including fubo TV.
This game will feature two teams with outstanding fan bases and also will be played at a stadium where attendance is only 65,000, meaning that the price of tickets might rise steadily over the next two weeks.
Looking for tickets? You can find them through the following vendors:
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices