Darius Rucker performs during CMA Fest 2022 on Thursday, June 8, 2022, at Nissan Stadium in Nashville, Tenn.Amy Harris/Invision/AP
Hootie & the Blowfish are bringing their “Summer Camp with Trucks Tour” to Syracuse’s Empower FCU Amphitheater at Lakeview on Friday, September 6. The concert starts at 7 p.m., with special guests Collective Soul and Edwin McCain opening.
This will be Hootie’s first Syracuse concert since performing at the New York State Fair in 2007 with Counting Crows and the band’s first time touring since 2019, following their 2018 return after a ten-year hiatus.
“Edwin McCain told someone at the time that touring with us felt like summer camp with trucks… and that’s exactly how we want next year to feel, too,” lead guitarist Mark Bryan said in a statement reflecting on the tour’s name. “We can’t wait for you to join us!”
Limited standard admission tickets are available online through Live Nation, where prices start at $36.30 for lawn general admission. However, greater availability and deals are offered by secondary market platforms like Vivid Seats, SeatGeek and StubHub.
Here’s a look at the best resale prices available (including fees):
Prices and availability are noted at the time of publishing and are subject to change.
Hootie & The Bloshfish’s setlists vary by show. Based on past setlists from setlist.fm, fans can expect something similar to the one below:
Following their Syracuse show, Hootie & The Blowfish will perform at the Budweiser Stage in Toronto, Canada, before finishing off the tour down south with nine more shows in Tennessee, North Carolina, Virginia, Georgia, South Carolina and Florida.
A complete list of Hootie & The Blowfish’s tour dates is available here.
Can’t get enough live music? Hootie & The Blowfish isn’t the only touring artist. Catch other upcoming shows at the Empower FCU Amphitheater at Lakeview, including Rob Zombie and Alice Cooper on September 4, Pitbull on September 7 and Post Malone on September 14.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices