ByShane Young
ByShane Young,
 Contributor. 
Kevin Durant is still a dominant force at age 35, on track to make his 11th All-NBA Team. (Photo by ... More Kelsey Grant/Getty Images)
In the hustle and bustle of a long NBA season, it’s easy to lose sight of historical greatness. Even when it’s staring you directly in the face.
Kevin Durant, now rounding out his first full year with the Phoenix Suns, is giving us another reminder of that.
Scoring 35-plus points in each of his last four games, he’s enjoying one of the highest-scoring spans of his career.
But looking at the totality of his season, it’s a sublime offensive and defensive campaign that shouldn’t go overlooked.
For the season, he’s up to 28.5 points and 5.5 assists on 56.8%-42.5%-85.4% modern shooting splits.
This is his fifth consecutive year converting at least 50% of his mid-range jumpers from beyond 15 feet. For context on how absurd that is, consider that Dirk Nowitzki only eclipsed 50% twice in his 21-year career.
KD's shooting breakdown through 58 games
Durant’s five years above 50% from the mid-range would tie Chris Paul for the most seasons since the NBA started tracking shot locations.
Avoid a pinch on St. Patrick’s Day, if you choose, by printing out KD’s shot chart and slapping it on a shirt:
Kevin Durant's shot zones
As you can see above, forcing him left is not a viable solution. That’s often when KD is at his best: Posting up on the left block, keeping his right-hand dribble alive, and surveying the floor while he dares help to come.
That’s particularly why the Suns have placed Devin Booker or one of their 3-point marksmen one pass away from Durant’s post-ups. It puts the defense in a lose-lose situation. Durant is either attacking single coverage or there’s a dynamic shooter leading a 4-on-3 against a tilted defense that already conceded the advantage.
This is on track to be Durant’s eighth full season with at least 28 points per game on 60% true shooting or better. It would extend the record he already has, with Adrian Dantley (6) and Giannis Antetokounmpo (5) trailing him.
The facts bear it out — there hasn’t been a more efficient volume scorer in the history of basketball. A case can be made for his former teammate, Steph Curry, but Curry didn’t carry the same level of volume early in his career.
Oh, and next to the stupendous offensive production, you can slot in ‘one of the most impressive defensive years of his storied career.’
Worthy of more than a sidenote, his vigilance as a secondary rim protector and activity on the ball are almost unmatched for players with his mileage.
Although we’re witnessing LeBron James cross unthinkable milestones at 39 years old, it shouldn’t make us numb to what’s happening. Players nearing two decades of service in the league aren’t supposed to be remarkable every night. And they certainly aren’t supposed to be producing at Durant’s level on both ends of the floor.
Only two players in league history have crossed age 35 and still managed to score at least 28.5 points for a season, minimum 50 games played: James (2x) and Durant this year.
Think about how long Durant has been on this mission. He was first welcomed to Seattle, a city that lost its franchise and is likely on the verge of getting a new one. That alone should apply perspective. Or, how about the fact Durant’s rookie season was the first year of Boston’s big three with Kevin Garnett, Paul Pierce, and Ray Allen? It makes you feel old.
When KD entered the league as the second overall pick in the 2007 draft, everyone could tell he was the start of a new breed. The NBA had never seen an athlete with his combination of height, wingspan, shot creation, and burst off the dribble. Typically, if you were anything close to a seven-footer, you were a back-to-the-basket big or specifically a pick-and-pop option without the ball handling to get from point A to B. Or, if you were primarily a wing scorer, you weren’t gifted with KD’s high release point to shoot over anybody, regardless of the defender.
Durant was the first to marry those attributes and form a new NBA archetype.
That was almost 17 years ago. Before a ruptured Achilles in the middle of his prime, preventing him from a championship three-peat. And yet, he’s still a top-five scorer in the league with no signs of a decline.
There are only five players remaining from the 2007 draft. Nearly all of them are on their way out of the league. Only Durant and Mike Conley are starting for their respective teams. Meanwhile, Celtics center Al Horford, who has also become one of the most impactful players of the last two decades, is in solid position to capture his first championship.
Reflecting on the longevity of Durant’s skill-set and ability to remain an All-NBA player at this stage, Horford just shook his head. After all, Durant had just poured 45 points on the Celtics, shooting 18-of-26 from the field.
“It’s pretty unbelievable,” Horford said. “I’m very blessed to be in [my] position, but it’s just impressive how he continues to find ways to improve. KD was on tonight and really, really tough. I don’t take these moments for granted. They are special. Only a few of us in our class.”
When Boston escaped with a victory in Phoenix on Mar. 9, head coach Joe Mazzulla was quick to point out that Durant shouldn’t be grouped with other prolific scorers around the league. Mazzulla, who coached against Durant in two playoff series in 2021 and 2022, is never thrilled to comment on opposing stars when they have impressive nights.
But for Durant? He’ll always make an exception.
“He’s different,” Mazzulla said. “He’s earned that, I would venture to say.”
Describing the underrated components of KD’s attack, he highlighted the fact Durant embraces physical defenders and tries to combat them instead of tricking the system with his foul drawing.
“I think he has an innate ability to – one thing I appreciate about his game is that he plays through physicality,” Mazzulla said. “You don’t see him flop very often. You don’t see him complain. He just kind of stays poised and doesn’t really get sped up. So you appreciate the way he’s able to play the game.”
Although Durant’s free throw rate is currently the third lowest of his 16-year career, he doesn’t have to carry the same type of downhill responsibility with this group. While breaking the paint and getting to the rim is critical, those tasks are mostly absorbed by Devin Booker and Bradley Beal, faster guards and better playmakers that can collapse the defense.
Kevin Durant and Devin Booker have played 52 regular season games together. They are 35-17 since ... More becoming teammates. (Photo by Christian Petersen/Getty Images)
Durant, who still has two years and $103 million left on his contract after this season, has found the ideal landing spot. He clearly wants to identify ways to stay lethal in his late thirties. In theory, Phoenix provides him the playground to showcase (and even improve) his skills as he ages. With elite floor spacers, the Suns have one of the most sprawled out offenses in the league today. And, because he’s accompanied by two other shot creators in their prime years, there’s not nearly as much pressure on him to initiate the offense.
Booker and Beal, both on long-term contracts, are just as great of a fit next to Durant as the Kyrie Irving and James Harden connection was ... for one playoff series.
This version of KD is a hybrid of his Golden State and Brooklyn eras — still able to provide those alpha moments to pull his team over the finish line in certain moments, but also totally comfortable operating as a floor spacer and decoy throughout the game.
While Durant isn’t posting up as frequently as last year and his post efficiency is slightly down, he’s definitely attracting more attention from opposing defenses. Which, if you’ve never listened to Durant, he’d argue is the number one goal of the sport. He knows the primary objective of basketball is to create advantages by drawing help defenders.
For all of the ‘quiet’ quarters KD has this year, only taking a couple shots and getting criticized on social media for not being assertive, there’s a method to the madness. He’s routinely playing the long game, processing each coverage in his brain and waiting until the geometry of the court reveals the best answer for his team.
“I didn’t used to see that many doubles in the post earlier in my career,” Durant said. “Playing quick basketball, when we put two on the ball, you’ve done your job at that point. So I just try to draw two on the ball as much as I can. If they’re going to double in the post, we have to utilize that so we can get backside threes and drives. I feel like, when teams start to put more pressure on me in the post and double me, I just try – not to get the assist, but get the ball rolling for our offense.”
The numbers back it up, too.
Durant has already eclipsed his career-high in secondary assists, also known as “hockey assists,” with a full month left in the regular season. With 71 secondary assists, he’s tied for third in the league and jammed in the middle of many point guards like Luka Doncic, Dennis Schroder, Damian Lillard, and Tyrese Maxey. Durant’s previous career-high was 64 in Golden State during the 2018-19 season, to nobody’s surprise with the brand of basketball Steve Kerr implemented in the Bay.
KD is passing on 44.9% of his post-ups this season and only turning it over 5.4% of the time. Last year, those were at 41.2% and 7.8%, respectively. Now, with more spacing around him than Phoenix had when he arrived after the trade, he’s trusting the pass and enjoying life as a primary connector for the Suns’ offense.
Take it from sharpshooter Grayson Allen, one of the beneficiaries when Durant is swarmed by multiple bodies in the post.
“He’s getting off [the ball] at the right time and he’s really patient,” Allen said. “He’s not a guy that’s trying to make the assist pass. He’s just making the right pass out of it. I mean, it’s nice to have a guy that you can just — you can get the defense in closeouts quickly just by giving him the ball because they have to double him.”
Allen has played in a few different systems and knows a thing or two about proper spacing around a star. It’s the biggest reason, along with health, that Durant and Allen have played nearly 1,600 minutes together this season. It’s far and away the Suns’ most-played duo.
That experience has given Allen an appreciation for the Hall-of-Famer’s approach to every matchup, as KD isn’t walking into a game looking to hit certain thresholds for shot attempts or usage.
“He’s so unselfish and doesn’t care if he scores zero points in a quarter if he’s getting double and we’re getting open looks,” Allen added.
There’s also another part of Durant’s craft that doesn’t get enough attention: How much he cares on the defensive end.
PHOENIX, ARIZONA - NOVEMBER 21: Kevin Durant #35 of the Phoenix Suns blocks a shot by Jerami Grant ... More #9 of the Portland Trail Blazers during the second half of the NBA In-Season Tournament game at Footprint Center on November 21, 2023 in Phoenix, Arizona. NOTE TO USER: User expressly acknowledges and agrees that, by downloading and or using this photograph, User is consenting to the terms and conditions of the Getty Images License Agreement. (Photo by Chris Coduto/Getty Images)
As we outlined two weeks ago, the Suns are steadily rising up the defensive ranks in the league. In fact, since Feb. 4, they are the No. 2 halfcourt defense in basketball.
Durant’s individual and team defense are both major contributors to the Suns fulfilling Frank Vogel’s vision on that end. His block and steal rates, per 100 possessions, are still around the same marks they’ve been for the last decade. Positionally, being asked to take on just as many assignments as he did with Brooklyn’s switch-heavy scheme.
Plus, there’s extra incentive for the Suns to dig in and become a reliable defense. When they do get stops — particularly forcing live ball turnovers — they are a complete nightmare for opponents on the break. Phoenix is scoring 131.9 points per 100 transition opportunities, tied for the fourth-highest offensive rating.
Their two-headed monster, Durant and Booker, is the No. 1 transition threat in basketball. As of this writing, 76 players have finished at least 150 possessions on the break. Durant is leading the field by scoring 1.42 points per chance and holding a 78.4% effective field goal percentage in transition — four percentage points higher than second place.
The Suns’ record might not indicate it, but this is a unit nobody in the West would prefer to see. In any round.
One of Durant’s former coaches in OKC, Billy Donovan, recently classified the Suns as contenders simply because of his presence on the floor.
“I think whatever team he’s on, you have to consider that team will have a legitimate shot to compete for it all,” Donovan said in late January. “I think he’s that good. He is driven. Really driven. He’s a student of the game and puts the work in. He’s very, very serious and there’s no messing around with him. He’s very locked in and incredibly detail-oriented. Always going to be really good in terms of adjustments, schemes, preparation, helping the team, and all those kind of things.”
Donovan, who nearly led the Thunder to an NBA Finals appearance in 2016 before Durant left in free agency, also said he admires Durant’s willingness to tackle the high-pressure situations and all of the repercussions that might come from them.
“The other thing I loved about him — and I don’t think he gets enough credit for this — he is not afraid in the moment. He’s not. He leans into (the clutch) and wants every bit of that.”
This season, for all of the Suns’ clutch struggles and turnover problems, Durant is still producing at an elite clip in fourth quarters. He’s at 417 points on 287 shot attempts (1.45 points per shot), which is right in line with Steph Curry’s 406 points on 290 shot attempts (1.40 PPS).
As a scorer, he’s far from done.
Durant is only 53 points from passing Shaquille O’Neal for ninth all-time in regular season points. But, if you look at combined points scored in a career (including playoffs), he’s on pace to climb as high as sixth by April 2025. He’s currently 1,801 points behind Dirk Nowitzki for sixth in total points. Once he reaches that mark, he’ll be chasing the likes of Kobe Bryant, Michael Jordan, Karl Malone, and Kareem Abdul-Jabbar as he inches closer to the 40k club.
It’s easy to take for granted what we’re seeing on a nightly basis. After all, we’ve been spoiled by veteran stars for so long that we just never expect the journey to end.
But Durant’s season, in particular, should be appreciated in real time because, again, this is not normal. Once a trail blazer for long, seven-foot creators with extended range, he is now the king of malleability on a basketball court.
As a collective, we shouldn’t take for granted the fact his longevity can extend for another five-plus seasons. We shouldn’t pencil in how many more years he’ll play. Just enjoy one of the most polished talents ever, in the moment, before it’s too late.