From Hollywood to New York and everywhere in between, see what your favorite stars are up to
Alexandra Schonfeld is a features writer at PEOPLE. She has been working at PEOPLE since April 2022. Her work previously appeared in Newsweek.
 Stars have been everywhere this week, from Post Malone performing in Québec City to Bryan Cranston and Aaron Paul celebrating in L.A. In London, Tom Cruise hops on his helicopter.

 Here, the best photos of celebs out and about this week. Come back tomorrow for more of the latest A-list outings!

C Flanigan/imageSPACE
 Post Malone hits the stage to perform at Festival d'été de Québec on Friday in Québec City.

Max Barsness 
 Aaron Paul and Bryan Cranston toast to National Michelada Day with their Dos Hombres mezcal at Chateau Marmont in L.A.

TheImageDirect.com
 Tom Cruise hitches a ride on his helicopter to head to film the upcoming Mission Impossible movie on July 15 in London.

Kursza
 Tony Romo, Travis Kelce and Myles Shear pose together at the Palm Tree Music Festival in Lake Tahoe on July 12.

Courtesy of Vera Bradley 
 Zooey Deschanel celebrates Vera Bradley's rebrand at an exclusive event in New York City.

Christopher Peterson / SplashNews
 Kate Hudson and Danny Fujikawa step out together on a balmy New York City day this week on July 16.

Shutterstock / SplashNews
 Rita Ora shows off a look from her latest collaboration with Primark while out and about in Italy on July 16.

London Entertainment / SplashNews
 Selma Blair and her dog Scout take a stroll in Brentwood, California on July 16.

Raymond Hall/GC Images
 Ken Jeong opts for a brown suit during an appearance in New York City on July 16.

Gilbert Flores/WWD via Getty
 Jeremy Pope supports Laura Harrier at the launch of her collaboration with Reformation at the Sunset Tower Hotel in L.A. on July 15.

Joe Underbakke/The Infatuation
 Common takes the stage at The Infatuation's EEEEEATSCON Chicago at The Salt Shed on July 13.

C Flanigan/imageSPACE
 Zac Brown grabs his guitar while performing at Festival d'été de Québec in Québec City last week.

Chris Jackson - WPA Pool/Getty
 Queen Camilla and King Charles taste local ale during a visit to St. Peter Port, Guernsey on July 16.

Matt Winkelmeyer/Getty
 Glen Powell dazzles in all brown at the premiere of Twisters in Oklahoma City on July 15.

SplashNews
 Melanie "Mel B" Brown accepts her honorary doctorate from Leeds Beckett University while showing off a custom-made graduation gown on July 15.

Jason Crowley/BFA.com
 Marcia Gay Harden is joined by Hudson Scheel and Coco O'Brien at a screening of Widow Clicquot at the Crosby Street Hotel in New York City on July 15. 

Shutterstock/SplashNews
 Rita Ora pairs a chic trucker hat with a black leather dress in Rome on July 16.

Jason Crowley/BFA.com
 Haley Bennett rocks a long denim dress at a screening of Widow Clicquot at the Crosby Street Hotel in New York City on July 15.

Anthony Harvey/Shutterstock
 Nelly Furtado flashes a smile at the Isle of MTV music festival in Floriana, Malta, on July 16.

TheImageDirect.com
 Katy Perry makes a splash at Club 55 Beach in Saint-Tropez on July 15.

RB/Bauer-Griffin/GC Images
 Gina Rodriguez smiles for the camera at the Jimmy Kimmel Live! studio in Los Angeles on July 15.

Gilbert Flores/WWD via Getty
 Laura Harrier and Elsa Hosk stun at the Reformation x Laura Harrier Collaboration Launch in Los Angeles on July 15.

Timothy Norris/Getty
 Maren Morris rocks simple glam at GRAMMY Camp in Los Angeles on July 15.

James Devaney/GC Images
 Kristin Davis glows on the set of And Just Like That... in New York City on July 15.

PG/Bauer-Griffin/GC Images
 Meagan Good matches a red lip to a fiery dress and stilettos in Los Angeles on July 15.

Gotham/GC Images
 Kaia Gerber takes a casual, earbuds-in stroll through New York City on July 15.

Josh Tu
 Coco Gauff takes a sip of her Naked coconut water at Wimbledon on July 16.

MAGNUS LEJHALL/TT News Agency/AFP via Getty
 Bruce Springsteen shreds with his band during a tour stop in Stockholm on July 15.

Dia Dipasupil/Getty
 Candice Bergen moderates a discussion with Mo Rocca in New York city on July 15.

Todd Owyoung/NBC via Getty
 Natalie Portman gives a wave during an interview on The Tonight Show in New York City on July 15.

BFA for American Express
 Brooks Nader makes an appearance at the Centurion x Sartiano's event in East Hampton, N.Y. on July 13.

Lloyd Bishop/NBC via Getty
 Colman Domingo chats it up on Late Night with Seth Meyers in New York City on July 15.

Jose Perez/Bauer-Griffin/GC Images
 Penn Badgley uses a hand-held fan as the heat rolls on in New York City while filming You on July 15.

TheImageDirect.com
 Zoë Kravitz and Channing Tatum are cool and casual as they walk hand-in-hand in New York City on July 14

Jose Perez/Bauer-Griffin/GC Images
 Queen Latifah is on the set of The Equalizer in Queens, New York on July 15.

James Devaney/GC Images
 Natalie Portman makes an appearance on The View in New York City on July 15.

Courtesy MLB Photos via Getty
 Tiffany Haddish steps up to the plate as she warms up ahead of the 2024 All-Star Celebrity Softball Game this week.

Courtesy of MLB Photos via Getty
 And speaking of the game, Kane Brown suits up for Saturday's event at Globe Life Field in Arlington, Texas.

Vittorio Zunino Celotto/Getty
 Jon Batiste and Suleika Jaouad pose together at Andrea Bocelli's 30th anniversary in music celebratio at Teatro Del Silenzio in Lajatico, Italy on July 15.

Maxwell Swift 
 Rachel Zoe stuns in pink at a dinner celebrating Oscar de la Renta's summer residency at Sage & Madison in Sag Harbor, New York.

TheImageDirect.com
 Cara Delevingne steps out in plaid to celebrate the launch of Margot Robbie's new Gin brand, "Papa Salt" at Roof Gardens in London on July 11.

TheImageDirect.com
 Also on the guest list, Idris and Sabrina Elba stop by Roof Gardens in London to celebrate Robbie's new business venture.

Roger Wong/INSTARimages
 Anna Faris flashes a smile as she stops by Live with Kelly & Mark in New York City on July 15.

Marleen Moise/Getty
 Common waves to the crowd as he hits the stage to perform at Herbert Von King Park in Brooklyn, New York on July 14.

Gotham/GC Images
 Bella Hadid opts for jean shorts and cowboy boots while out and about in New York City on July 15.

SplashNews
 Sporting a blue polo, Hugh Jackman waves to the crowd as he makes a visit to Brazil on July 15.

@kursza
 As Miles Teller and Travis Kelce chat behind them, Myles Shear and Chase Crawford make a toast with Tequila Don Julio 1942 mini bottles during the Palm Tree Music Festival in Lake Tahoe on July 12.

Gotham/GC Images
 Moses Ingram steps out for an appearance in New York City on July 15.

Shi Tang/Getty
 Kate Middleton waves to the crowd while attending the Wimbledon finals with her daughter, Princess Charlotte, on July 14 in London.

Isaiah Vazquez/Getty
 Travis Kelce reps the University of Cincinnati while taking part in the American Century Championship at Edgewood Tahoe Golf Course on July 14 in Stateline, Nevada.

Richard Pelham/Getty
 In Berlin, Prince William and Prince George look on ahead of the UEFA Euro Final between England and Spain on July 14 at Olympiastadion.

Rossa Cole/Shutterstock
 Jennifer Lopez rocks oversized sunglasses while attending the East Hampton Historical Society's Antiques and Design Show at Mulford Farm on July 13.

Crystal Pix/SplashNews
 Harry Styles is joined by Ben Winston and James Corden at the UEFA Euro Final between Spain and England on July 14.

Eamonn M. McCormack/Getty
 Anya Taylor-Joy steps out to catch the women's final at Wimbledon on July 13 in England.

Christopher Polk/Variety via Getty
 Jackie Sandler and Adam Sandler are joined by their daughters Sadie Sandler, Sunny Sandler and a friend at Nickelodeon's Kids' Choice Awards in Santa Monica on July 13.

NEIL HALL/EPA-EFE/Shutterstock
 Julia Roberts has a laugh beside her husband Daniel Moder during the men's singles final between Carlos Alcaraz and Novak Djokovic at Wimbledon on July 14.

Dave Benett/Getty
 Carey Hart and Pink pose together during a lunch hosted by Range Rover and Harper's Bazaar in the Range Rover suite before the Wimbledon women's singles final on July 13.

Gilbert Flores/Variety via Getty
 Jelly Roll poses with his kids Bailee Ann and Noah Buddy at the Nickelodeon's Kids' Choice Awards 2024 on July 13 in Santa Monica, California.

Shutterstock/SplashNews
 Rita Ora sports micro-mini shorts as she heads out for her concert in Lisbon on July 14.

Christopher Polk/Variety via Getty
 Reneé Rapp is covered in slime as she takes the stage to accept the blimp for favorite breakout artist at Nickelodeon's Kids' Choice Awards on July 13 in Santa Monica.

Zuma/SplashNews
 Carrie Underwood hits the stage during the Windy City Smokeout Music Festival at the United Center in Chicago on July 14.

TheImageDirect.com
 Halsey and Avan Jogia step out for date night at Emilio Ballato in New York City on Saturday.

Todd Williamson/NBC
 Tamberla Perry and Zachary Quinto pose together at the NBC TCA in Pasadena, California on July 14.

Darren Gerrish/WireImage
 Cailee Spaeny, Glenn Close and Pierce Brosnan are all dressed up in Ralph Lauren for Wimbledon on July 14 in London.

Todd Williamson/NBC
 Rex Linn, Belissa Escobedo, Pablo Castelblanco, Reba McEntire, Tokala Black Elk and Melissa Peterman from Happy's Place look cheery at NBC TCA in Pasadena on July 14.

TheImageDirect.com
 Bella Hadid steps out in a crop top — and cropped pants! — for an outing in New York City on July 14.  

Emma McIntyre/Getty
 Covered in slime, Benny Blanco interacts with fans during the Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards on July 13 at Barker Hangar in Santa Monica.

Frazer Harrison/Getty
 Heidi Klum shows off the Kids' Choice Awards signature blimp award during Saturday's ceremony in Santa Monica.

Jason Howard/Bauer-Griffin/GC Images
 Jared Leto keeps cool in a tank top while out and about in New York City on July 13.

Daniele Venturelli/Getty
 Bella Thorne attends the photocall at the 70th Taormina Film Fest in Italy on July 14.

Karwai Tang/WireImage
 Andrew Garfield attends Wimbledon in London on July 14.

Hoda Davaine/Dave Benett/Getty
 Courteney Cox and Johnny McDaid attend Wimbledon in London on July 14.

Joseph Okpako/WireImage
 Doja Cat performs at Wireless Festival at London's Finsbury Park on July 14.

Rodin Eckenroth/Getty
 Shanola Hampton attends the TCA Summer Press Tour in Pasadena, Calif., on July 14.

Frazer Harrison/Getty
 Serena Williams accepts the Legend Gold Blimp Award in a celebration of confetti at the 2024 Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards on July 13 in Santa Monica, California. 

Axelle/Bauer-Griffin/FilmMagic
 Lainey Wilson and Charlize Theron pose for a photo at the actress' Africa Outreach Project 2024 Block Party at Universal Studios on July 13 in Universal City, California. 

Presley Ann/Getty 
 Glen Powell cradles his adorable dog Brisket while attending Charlize Theron's Africa Outreach Project Block Party in Universal City, California, on July 13.

Eamonn M. McCormack/Getty
 Paul Mescal and Jamie Dornan catch up in the Parkside Suite as they attend the Wimbledon Tennis Championships final on July 14 in Wimbledon, England.  

Rachpoot/Bauer-Griffin/GC Images
 Kelly Rowland gives a wave in a floral two-piece as she is spotted out and about in Los Angeles on July 13.

Isaiah Vazquez/Getty 
 Jimmy Fallon shouts for joy as he wins the Fallon vs Khaled Challenge on day two of the 2024 American Century Championships on July 13 in Stateline, Nevada.

Joseph Okpako/WireImage
 21 Savage flashes a smile while performing on day two of the 2024 Wireless Festival at Finsbury Park in London on July 13.

James Veysey/Shutterstock
 Aaron and Sam Taylor-Johnson match in all-white ensembles as they arrive hand-in-hand at the Wimbledon Tennis Championships final in London on July 14.

Jason Mendez/Getty
 Natasha Lyonne, Elizabeth Olsen and Carrie Coon attend the Netflix Tastemaker event for their film His Three Daughters on July 13 in New York City.

Gene Wang/Getty
 Tiffany Haddish makes a pitch while playing in the 2024 MLB All-Star Celebrity Softball game on July 13 in Arlington, Texas.

Vittorio Zunino Celotto/TAS24/Getty
 Taylor Swift takes in the loud cheers during her first Eras Tour show in Milan, Italy, on July 13.

Karwai Tang/WireImage
 Tom Cruise attends Wimbledon in London on July 13.

Dave Benett/Getty 
 Kirsten Dunst poses inside Evian's Mountain Of Youth VIP suite during Wimbledon in London on July 13.

Samir Hussein/WireImage
 Kylie Minogue performs at BST Hyde Park in London on July 13.

Alex Barredo
 Natalie Halcro, Rachel Lindsay and Olivia Pierson celebrate JLUXLABEL's Off Shore Collection launch at Nobu Malibu on July 10.

Neil Mockford/GC Image
 Nicola Coughlan stuns in a black Kate Spade dress and Grace shoulder bag by the brand while attending the Wimbledon Tennis Championships on July 13 in London.

Gregg Deguire/Variety via Getty 
 Former Breaking Bad costars Aaron Paul and Bryan Cranston catch up at the Modelo & Dos Hombres National Michelada Day celebration in Los Angeles on July 12.

Karwai Tang/WireImage
 Zendaya exudes style elegance in Ralph Lauren while sporting a fresh blonde hairdo at the Wimbledon Tennis Championships in London on July 13.

Taylor Hill/Getty
 Kate Hudson beams onstage while performing tracks from her album Glorious at Webster Hall in New York City on July 12.

Karwai Tang/WireImage
 Hugh Jackman and Kate Beckinsale catch up court side while watching the Wimbledon Tennis Championships in London on July 13.

Dave Benett/Getty 
 Dame Helen Mirren strikes a pose with a tennis racket and ball in hand at the Evian 'Mountain Of Youth' VIP suite on day thirteen of Wimbledon on July 13 in London.

Dia Dipasupil/Getty
 Natalie Portman shares a laugh while discussing her new show Lady in the Lake at the SAG-AFTRA Foundation Conversations event on July 12 in New York City.

Pedro Gomes/Redferns
 Dua Lipa is captivating onstage as she performs on day two of the NOS Alive Festival 2024 on July 12 in Lisbon, Portugal.

Karwai Tang/WireImage
 Joe Alwyn looks effortlessly cool in a Bottega Veneta look as he attends Wimbledon 2024 on July 13 in London.

Chelsea Guglielmino/Getty
 Former costars Judy Greer, Julie Benz and Rebecca Gayheart pose for a photo at the Academy Museum of Motion Pictures screening of their film Jawbreaker and 25th anniversary cast reunion on July 12 in Los Angeles.

David Calvert/Getty
 Travis Kelce and Jason Kelce mean business during the ACC Celebrity Golf Championship at the Edgewood Tahoe Golf Course in Stateline, Nevada on July 12.

Simone Joyner/Getty
 Ice Spice is dressed in all yellow as she performed live during day one of the Wireless Festival at Finsbury Park in London on July 12.

Andrew H Walker/Shutterstock
 Kate Hudson flashes a smile while signing copies of her new album Glorious at a Barnes & Noble in New York City on July 11.

Jordan Pettitt/PA Images via Getty
 Will Ferrell and Viveca Paulin attend a match at Center Court on day 12 of the Wimbledon Tennis Championships in London on July 12.

Raju Shinde/Hindustan Times via Getty
 Priyanka Chopra and Nick Jonas exchange a loving look while attending the wedding ceremony of Anant Ambani and Radhika Merchant at the Jio World Convention Centre in Mumbai on July 12.

Laura Ahmed/JanuaryImages
 Marisa Tomei and Colman Domingo share a hug while attending a CAA and A24 Sing Sing special screening in Los Angeles on July 11.

Raymond Hall/GC Images
 Nicole Scherzinger steps out in New York City in a red dress and pair of sunglasses on July 12.

Jared Sugar / Tao Group Hospitality 
 Summer House's Kyle Cooke gave a smile while spinning tunes at the Magic Hour Rooftop Bar & Lounge in New York City on July 11.

MATT / SplashNews
 Emma Thompson is fully in character while wearing a hot pink ensemble on the set of Three Bags Full in England on July 10.

Simone Joyner/Getty
 Sean Paul hypes up the crowd during his live performance on day one of the Wireless Festival at Finsbury Park in London on July 12.

John Nacion/Getty
 Donny Osmond wears a sparkly purple blazer and gives a thumbs-up to the crowd while performing at the Fox & Friends American Summer Concert Series in New York City on July 12.

Karwai Tang/WireImage
 Leslie Mann and Judd Apatow get sucked into the Wimbledon action while at Centre Court on day 12 of the tennis championships on July 12 in London.

Charley Gallay/Getty
 Mike Rosenthal and John Legend share a drink and host the It's Good from the Source Dinner featuring specialty Don Julio Cocktails on July 10 in Los Angeles.

Karwai Tang/WireImage
 Rami Malek and Hugh Grant engage in conversation at Centre Court on day 12 of the Wimbledon Tennis Championships in London.

Chelsea Lauren/Shutterstock
 Sam Heughan gives a serious look at the TCA Summer 2024 Press Tour in Pasadena, California on July 11.

VALERIE MACON/AFP via Getty
 Glen Powell and Daisy Edgar-Jones walk the Twisters premiere carpet on July 12 in New York City with a special guest: Powell's dog Brisket!

Kevin Mazur/Getty
 Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are all smiles at the 2024 ESPYs in Los Angeles, where Harry received the Pat Tillman Award for Service on July 11.

Karwai Tang/WireImage
 Margot Robbie makes her first public appearance since news of her pregnancy, at day 12 of Wimbledon in London on July 12.

Kevin Mazur/Getty
 ESPYs host Serena Williams unites with Quinta Brunson and sister Venus Williams at the L.A. ceremony on July 11.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)