The Best Mountain Bike Helmets of 2025


Fast, Fun, Fancy Electrified Dual Sport: 2025 Zero DSR/X Motorcycle Review


Surfing in North Carolina: A Guide to the East Coast’s Best Waves


Save Big With Gear Deals From Outdoor Research, Osprey, Duck Camp, and More


The Best Camping Tents of 2025


The Best Backpacking Sleeping Bags of 2025


The Best Camping Mattresses of 2025


The Best Backpacking Stoves of 2025


Ultralight, Freestanding Tent Braves Extreme Weather: Hyperlite Mountain Gear CrossPeak 2 Review


One Small Gate, One Giant Middle Finger to Thieves: Leitner Designs GateKEEPER Review


Curved for Your Pleasure: Iona V2 Pocket Knife Review


Rugged, Reliable, Perfect for New Whitewater Paddlers: NRS Neutron Packraft Review


Cooking for Strangers with Gerber ComplEAT


Sea To Source with Columbia


KEEN Weekender


Fjällräven Guide to Outside

It’s one of the simple truths of the outdoors: when warmth is a must, you need one of the best down jackets available. Synthetic insulation has come a long way, but its warmth-to-weight ratio just doesn’t quite rival that of the best down jackets.
Our team has collectively tested nearly 50 of the best down jackets for the creation of this guide, with our current authors Ryan Kempfer, Chris Carter, and Nick Bruckbauer having donned over 30 different models on all sorts of wild escapades in the past year alone. From snowy alpine ascents to chilly windblown nights in the Kenyan deserts to dog walking and snow shoveling, our team has put these jackets to the test all over the world in just about every environment imaginable.
Whether you’re looking for the ultimate insulation of our top pick, the Arc’teryx Cerium Hoody, or a budget-friendly option like the REI Co-op 650 Down Jacket, we’ve tested the best down jackets to help you find the right one for you, no matter your needs or budget.
Editor’s Note: We updated this Buyer’s Guide on March 13, 2025, adding a new award-winner, The North Face Summit Series Breithorn Hoodie, an ultra-comfortable down jacket that’s extremely weather resistant.
Read Review: Safe for Sweat: Arc’teryx Cerium Down Jacket Is Ideal for High Output.
Wading through the crowd of stinky, exuberant hikers at the Appalachian Trail Days festival in Damascus, Virginia, we were shocked at the sheer number of Arc’teryx Cerium ($400) jackets we saw trotting about. When you start to see a jacket popping up in more and more thru-hikers packs as their insulator of choice for a 5-month journey across America, you know they’re made right.
At 12.0 ounces for a men’s medium size, the Cerium strikes a healthy balance between reliable warmth and lightweight simplicity for a wide range of backpackers and adventurers. While not as light as the classic ultralight synthetic jackets most die-hard trekkers are using, its stellar packability and crazy warmth put it on our radar. Arc’teryx is also known for its simple, classy style, which makes the Cerium equally at home around your town or campus.
Arc’teryx employed an interesting hybrid design for the insulation of the Cerium, which they call “Down Composite Mapping.” Its 850-fill-power down is placed along the core, while Coreloft, a synthetic insulation, is used in places that may be more prone to getting wet, such as the shoulders, underarms, cuffs, and collar at the mouth. This means these areas will retain a lot of their warmth when wet.
Our one complaint, if we had to find one, is that we wish the included stuff sack was integrated into the jacket, or that the jacket packed down into one of its pockets.
In short, the Arc’teryx Cerium Down Hoodie is one of the best down jackets you can buy for lightweight epics across the country or weekend outings to your favorite alpine lake. Boasting a stellar warmth-to-weight ratio, durable fabric, and a stylish fit, you really can’t go wrong with it. 
As an all-around, affordable workhorse, the REI Co-op 650 Down Jacket ($129) stood out in our testing for its reliable warmth, solid durability, and approachable price point. It’s nothing flashy and fancy, but boasts a surprisingly solid warmth-to-weight ratio, and has held up great over many of our adventures.
It’s one of the more versatile, run-of-the-mill jackets we tried that just works well for most situations and looks fine around town. Not too technical, yet not too simple to be ineffective.
Though it doesn’t break any records in the packability or weight department, this jacket is designed to look good for casual wear, while still being functional on the trail. It doesn’t have a hood, cinch cord along the waist, or some other features of more technical jackets, which makes it harder to trap warmth or customize the fit than other models.
It is made with pretty comfortable fabric and uses a recycled nylon shell fabric with DWR treatment that has shown little to no signs of wear after extensive testing in harsh environments.
Given its weight category (11 ounces), it would be nice to have had a couple more additions that add to its warmth and adjustability, but again, its simplicity and affordability are what make this jacket special.
For the casual weekend warrior or even the dedicated backpacker on a budget, this REI staple will disappear in your pack, and keep you warm when you need it most. Its simple, slimmed-down design means you’ll look great at your local coffee shop, and be able to charge into the mountains after work if the opportunity arises.
The 800-fill-power Patagonia Down Sweater Hoodie ($329) withstands wind and light moisture, has a classic style, and is lightweight for its level of warmth. We took this jacket on rolling hikes, bike rides, and walks on crisp bluebird days during 5-degree lows and with dry blizzard conditions in Colorado’s Elk and Sangre de Cristo mountains. We stayed dry, thanks to the shell’s DWR finish, which resists moisture.
Heavy water noticeably dampens the exterior, though it rebounds. This hoodie easily withstood bitter gusts, and the elastic cuffs are comfortable and block the wind. When fully zippered, the reinforced neck rise doesn’t slouch, protecting the lower half of the face. But the hood shape is a little too snug to comfortably wear a helmet.
The shell is made with NetPlus 100% recycled ripstop nylon, which is constructed from recycled fishing nets in a push to help reduce ocean plastic pollution. Pretty cool. It’s also insulated with 100% Responsible Down Standard (RDS) down, certified by Control Union. This thing has the planet’s well-being in mind.
This is an excellent everyday down jacket with great style and protection for the winter season. It’s awesome to pull on post-cardio activity, like after a winter run. It also maintains its loft and warmth even with snowfall and light moisture.
It serves its purpose as a stylish lifestyle jacket but also performs well in the backcountry. One of our authors used the Down Sweater as his primary insulator for the entirety of a Pacific Crest Trail thru-hike, and it never let him down. Holding up to months of abuse, it weathered weeks of drizzle in the PNW and snowy whiteouts in the Cascade Mountains with ease. 
For demanding adventures or chilly strolls around town, the Patagonia Down Sweater Hoodie is one of the more versatile, reliable, and stylish down jackets on the market.
The Mountain Hardwear Stretchdown Hoody Down Jacket ($300) is among the most flexible down jackets we’ve ever worn. It is super comfortable for everything from ski tours to boulder problems to chilly bike rides to everyday errands. The jacket performed well on commuter rides, nippy walks, high alpine climbs, and snowy hikes in temperatures from 10 to 35 degrees, plus wind chill at 10,000 feet.
One of the aims of the Stretchdown line was to blend the warm insulation of down with the range of motion and versatility of a softshell. And the designers did an excellent job. When we lean over the handlebars, make a big climbing move, or shovel snow, there’s no seam restriction on the upper back, arms, or shoulders. 
The Stretchdown is the first-ever jacket with stitch-free baffle construction and is made from a single fabric, eliminating the need for glue. The 700-fill jacket is relatively lightweight (9.3 ounces for a men’s medium) and warm. Over the past year, it was our choice for countless pre-dawn hikes, and for epic backcountry ski adventures in the Tetons. 
No matter the conditions, it performed better than a standard down jacket. On the super windy summit of Static Peak, we were unfazed. A surprise spring rainstorm while out on a chilly bike ride didn’t come close to stopping us. 
While we expect wind and snow resistance from a down jacket, the most impressive thing to see is that water droplets roll off the surface with no signs of absorption or loss of loft. It also has many features that add to its functionality: a stretchy, spacious hood, three fleece-lined zip pockets that are so cozy, an inner drop pocket, adjustable hem, and elastic cuffs to seal in warmth, and RDS-certified down.
Due to the unique outer material, a 20-Denier Durable Stretch nylon, this jacket is also relatively indestructible. Throw your newly tuned skis over your shoulder with total abandon. Bushwhack through willow and brush up against as many knobby pines as you want. We did, and they all have nothing on this beefy jacket that quickly became the one we grab for every adventure.
For some, the Stretchdown may be bulky. The added protection of the outer shell means it doesn’t pack down as small as others on this list, like the Ghost Whisperer. However, we’re willing to make this compromise for the uber durability and added protection from the elements. 
And it’s not bulky in terms of how it fits like some other down jackets that are super puffy. Because it’s streamlined and doesn’t have giant baffles, the Stretchdown works well as a midlayer under a shell and as an outer layer over a base layer.
Versatile, bomb-proof, and stylish, the Mountain Hardwear Stretchdown Hoody is fast becoming our go-to when we don’t know what might happen out there, which is always because Nature can be fickle.
The North Face Summit Series Breithorn Hoodie ($430) is a warm, lightweight, incredibly soft jacket built for high alpine adventures. Packed with 800-fill ProDown, a water-resistant insulation that absorbs less water and dries faster than traditional down, the Breithorn Hoodie does what so many other down jackets fail to do: keep you warm when wet. 
Now, it won’t work in a downpour, but when we experienced moisture either from sweating, light mist, or rain, our jacket didn’t “wet out” the way many others do. This down stays lofted, which translates to warmth. And, the outer shell, made of recycled ripstop nylon with non-PFC DWR, adds water repellency and has enhanced water-beading properties. 
We tested this hoodie in the harsh winter elements of the Teton wilderness. Whether we watched wildlife for hours while light snow fell or guided below-zero snowshoe tours in Grand Teton National Park, it kept us warm. It moved with us when we scrambled up rocks or ripped skins, allowing full mobility without letting warmth escape. 
Five large pockets located precisely where we want them to be, including two internal drop-in pockets big enough to fit skins or an extra pair of mitts, and a climbing helmet-compatible hood make this the ideal piece for expeditions into spicy terrain. The Breithorn offers water-resistant zippers on the pockets — a nice added touch for those planning to be in the wild on cold days. Plus, it is so comfortable that it transitions from the trail to town without skipping a beat. 
The “slim fit” makes layering challenging, decreasing the jacket’s overall versatility. Although the outer material holds up well to the elements, it’s less durable than some of our favorites. After just a few wears, some feathers escaped, raising long-term durability concerns, which is especially alarming for a jacket that rings in at $430. We’ll continue testing and will update this review after a few more months of wear and tear.  If you ski in the trees a lot or plan to use it climbing jagged rock, we’d recommend a different choice like the Mountain Hardwear Stretchdown Hoody. 
Despite these quibbles, this ultra comfy yet feature-filled piece remains a super solid option for epic missions into the mountains. It can handle almost anything that Nature throws your way. For your next big day, throw on the Breithorn Hoodie as a midlayer or on its own; we guarantee that when you head to the brewery afterward, you’ll want to keep this cozy jacket on.
Super-plush, super-soft, and super-puffy, Patagonia’s Fitz Roy Down Hoody ($399) is a winner for cold days in the alpine. Whether you’re looking for something to keep you warm and cozy during ski transitions or at belays, the midweight Fitz Roy delivers extreme warmth in a surprisingly packable package.
We’ve been wearing a version of the Patagonia Fitz Roy since its debut in 2009. It was then, and still remains, our favorite jacket in this class. In fact, we only recently had to replace the jacket we got in 2013 because we tore the front to pieces by getting snagged on a tree branch. We patched it up, and it’s working just fine, but we figured it was time to get a new one; after all, 10+ years is an amazingly long life span for a puffy that we’ve used and abused.
It’s kept us cozy while hanging out on top of countless Colorado fourteeners in winter. It’s helped keep our ice climbing partners safe while we were belaying on frigid mornings in the Ouray Ice Park. It’s been key to our survival in more than one “the forecast didn’t call for 70 mph winds and single digits today” mountaineering moment. 
In fact, the Fitz Roy has summited Rainier, Baker, El Dorado, Glacier Peak, and more. And it has carried us happily through backcountry escapades on more powder days in the Sawatch Range and the Tetons than we can count.
Patagonia’s Fitz Roy Hoody delivers incredible warmth in a lightweight, packable midweight layer. With 800-fill-power down encased in a durable ripstop nylon shell with a DWR finish, the Fitz Roy delivers protection from the elements in a jacket that is soft to the touch and feels great to wear. 
And it’s got some great features: an internal storm flap on the zipper, a helmet-compatible hood with a high collar that makes us feel invincible when up, two zippered chest pockets (accessible with a harness — yay!), two zippered hand pockets, and a substantial stretchy inner pocket perfect for stashing skins, gloves, or climbing shoes. We do wish there were two inside pockets, however, instead of just one.
Though it’s lightweight, this jacket is a bit bulky. It’s ideal for throwing on while transitioning or belaying or for wearing while sitting on a lift or skiing downhill in frigid temps. Typically, it’s too warm for high-output activities. 
We have worn it for skinning uphill in negative double digits, but when that happens, it usually means we’re crazy to be out at all. The only other negative to note is that the Fitz Roy isn’t made with hydrophobic down, and the shell is just water-resistant. 
It sheds light rain or snow to a point, but in a big wet snowstorm, the jacket loses its loft with time (not right away, but after a couple of hours) and, therefore, its warming abilities. For a jacket that performs better in damp conditions, consider the Outdoor Research Helium Down or the Mountain Hardwear Stretchdown Hoody.
Patagonia employs 100% recycled material in the shell and lining, 100% Responsible Down Standard down for the insulation, and Fair Trade sewing. There are also no PFCs/PFAs in the DWR finish. As per usual, Patagonia strikes the best available balance between outright performance and social and environmental sustainability making this a purchase you can feel good about.
If you love the mountains as much as we do, you’ll want to snag a Patagonia Fitz Roy Hoody. It’s ideal for missions where you want to move efficiently but don’t want to be caught out without adequate protection.
All the warmth you need in an ultralight package. If you’re looking for that extremely cozy, four-season puffy, get into the Black Diamond Approach Hoody ($380), and you’ll be primed for any adventure you can dream up.
We are so stoked about this featherweight puffy that we can’t stop telling all our friends about it, and more importantly, we can’t stop wearing it. Whether we’re taking a quick lap at our local ski area, heading out on an epic alpine mission, or spending a fall evening watching bears, this jacket exceeds all expectations. The 800-fill power insulation provides exceptional warmth while being so light that you may even forget you’re wearing or carrying it.
Many details set it apart. It has stout zippers, three deep zippered pockets, and a hood with a drawcord that is actually easy to adjust using just one hand (and even with gloves on). Elasticized cuffs, an adjustable hem, and the option to stuff it to the size of a water bottle and clip it to your pack or harness elevate the Approach Hoody further.
Weighing in at just 10.7 ounces (men’s size Medium), the Approach achieves its outstanding performance by using warmth-inducing 800-fill-power down, a 10-Denier nylon outer shell, and a functional design. This outer layer sheds water to keep you dry better than most down jackets we tested. 
This is due to the unique outer coating, GGT Empel Breathable Water Protection Technology, a water-free and PFC-free durable water repellent (DWR) that really lives up to its name. Plus, the jacket is filled with water-resistant Allied HyperDRY goose down, so it doesn’t lose loft if it gets damp from light precip or sweat. 
Even when we got caught in a hailstorm on an above treeline hike in Grand Teton (sans rain jacket), and our hair, pants, and entire body got wet and cold, the outer and insulation held up, didn’t soak in the moisture, and we stayed warm. 
Side note: The outer fabric feels a bit more delicate than others, but it has held up so far in testing. We will keep an eye on this, but if you’re extra tough on gear and want a bombproof option, the Mountain Hardwear Stretchdown Hoody has a more durable outer layer that has stood up to abuse over time. 
Our only two gripes are the price tag and the fit. We know jackets like this utilize techy fibers and may be expensive; however, at $380, we admit we had a little sticker shock. Compared to other jackets of this caliber, it’s not that expensive, but living in a mountain town where everything is already expensive, we are budget-conscious, and we know many of you are, too.
We don’t love the slim fit. It made layering a bit challenging for us, so perhaps size up if you want to wear it as an outer layer on very cold days. It was, however, versatile enough that we used it as an outer layer over a t-shirt or sun hoody for high-altitude climbing trips in the Wind Rivers and as a midlayer under a shell for frigid Teton ski missions.
No down jacket guide would be complete without the legendary, time-tested Ghost Whisperer ($360) from Mountain Hardwear, now dubbed the “2.” This recently revamped classic introduces slight increases in durability and warmth (with a small weight penalty), and is made with trash … though it’s far from trash itself.
Using completely recycled face and trim fabrics and stuffed with responsibly sourced RDS-certified down, they have designed it to leave as little of an impact on the planet as possible without sacrificing the warmth and comfort it’s known for — something we’re pretty stoked about.
At 8.8 ounces with 3 ounces of 800-fill down, this jacket boasts one of the best warmth-to-weight ratios out there and is still ultra-packable. It really does stuff down smaller than pretty much all of the jackets (both down and synthetic) we’ve tested. 
The hem is adjustable, and the shell fabric is quite durable and wind and rain-resistant. If every ounce counts for you, then you might want to try the ultra-ultralight Ghost Whisperer UL ($420), which weighs 2.1 ounces less. (That’s a 25% reduction in weight!)  
We would have liked to have seen them address some of the complaints of earlier models, however. Namely, the cuffs and overall fit. Prior iterations of the Ghost Whisperer had people wishing for elasticated cuffs and a more athletic, less boxy fit. They don’t seem to have addressed these issues in their update, and the cuffs still make it hard to seal out the cold.
These gripes aside, this jacket still remains a super solid option for fast and light missions into the mountains and for adventurers who need stellar packability and reliable warmth without weighing them down. We love their nudge toward greater sustainability and still think this deserves a spot as one of the best down jackets on the market.
When testing several down jackets, the surest way to know which one is best is to look at which one you wear most often. That’s exactly what put Outdoor Research’s Helium Down Hoodie ($299) so high on this list.
Its athletic cut has made it ideal for early winter getaways, allowing this tester to toss a big wool flannel on over it when things get especially frosty. But it was still great by itself when things didn’t dip below a little chilly.
The quality and feel are everything you’d expect from a brand like OR — and then some. The brand dubs it the “most durable, lightweight, and technical down hoodie” in its arsenal. That durability comes from a strategic hybrid construction.
The hood and shoulders use Pertex Quantum Shield 30-denier ripstop that fights abrasion and adds a waterproof barrier where you need it — head and shoulders, exactly where rain hits.
But the toughness doesn’t stop there. Pertex’s Diamond Fuse ripstop shell covers the Helium Down Hoodie’s 800-fill down, affording the jacket enhanced durability without any significant weight penalty.
By no means the warmest puffy we tested, this one wound up in the backseat, at the ready for just-in-case adventures. If you need one puffy to grab that can handle a range of elements, the Helium Down Hoodie fits the bill.
For marathon belays in freezing temps or winter excursions requiring maximum warmth while maintaining a reasonable weight, the Rab Neutrino Pro ($400) stands out as one of the best down jackets for the job. This is probably one of the comfiest, most versatile, and most well-designed jackets we’ve tested in a while for cold climbing expeditions or chilly adventures where weight and durability are a concern.
From multi-day big wall ascents of El Cap in Yosemite to nippy fall nights around a fire in the Appalachians, we put this thing through the wringer to see if it lived up to the hype. In short, this jacket is everything it’s cracked up to be.
What probably surprised us the most about this long-standing staple for alpinists is just how well it moves with you during high-output activities. Rab used what they call “twisted arm baffles,” which improve arm pre-curve and give you complete freedom of movement. While we don’t really understand all that jargon, whatever they did definitely works, and this was a joy to wear in the mountains.
Other features that contribute to its usability include a two-way zipper (essential for belaying and climbing) with an insulated storm flap, a down-filled over-the-helmet hood with a stiffened peak, and beefier ripstop nylon fabric over high-use areas like the shoulders and upper sleeves for increased durability. Despite the extras, the jacket maintains a relatively minimalist and sleek feel, so it still looks great around town.
Finding any negatives for this jacket was hard, but if we had to pick one, it would be that the hood really only fits well if you wear a helmet. Without one, it is quite large and floppy, obstructing your vision and just generally getting in the way. It’s designed for alpine use, though, so we can’t bash it too much on this front.
With 7.5 ounces of 800-fill goose down and an overall weight of only 20 ounces, it’s hard to find a technical down jacket of this caliber anywhere else. For the dedicated mountain athlete who needs a durable, mega-warm-down jacket for the toughest adventures, don’t overlook this beast.
We all want to look great while crushing it, right? Well, that’s what the versatile Stio Pinion Down Hooded Jacket delivers. Ideal for everyday and active use, we tested the Pinion Down in its rugged birthplace of the Teton backcountry. 
To date, we are as impressed with its performance in the high alpine as we are with how it works in our driveway. And, thanks to its soft feel, small baffles, fun colors, and flattering fit, it transitions seamlessly from the slopes to the streets or from trail to town. It’s got similar features to many others: adjustable hood, zippered side pockets, interior zip pocket, and it packs up into its own zippered pocket.
When we threw it on during a spring ski tour of Taylor Mountain off Teton Pass, it brought comfort and immediate warmth. It was also the perfect weight and offered moisture protection while we shoveled snow during a mid-January dump in Jackson. We also got caught in high winds and sleet miles from the trailhead on a Nordic adventure. 
Thanks to the outer, made of recycled 20-denier Pertex Quantum, the wind didn’t penetrate this cozy puffy. The jacket absorbed some water, but we didn’t get damp or chilly. The fabric’s moisture absorption was noticeable, making us wonder, will it fail over time? We will keep an eye on this during further testing.
The Pinion Hooded Jacket is a solid choice for those below-zero morning uphill adventures at Snow King Mountain, where we stay moving. We love that after a couple of laps, we can cruise directly to the coffee shop or even a work meeting while still looking stylish. 
The soft feel makes it more cozy than other down jackets, and the fit is perfect; it strikes the perfect balance between casual and athletic, so there’s enough room where you want it and none where you don’t, no matter what you’re up to.
However, it didn’t offer the warmth we needed during longer breaks on the mountain, on summits, or on colder days, so we don’t recommend it as the one puffy that does it all. And it weighs a few ounces more than most; if you’re looking for a lighter jacket that’s also warmer, check out the Black Diamond Approach Hoody. 
Though the outer fabric is billed as ripstop, we noticed a few small tears and abrasions after just a couple of uses, whereas we’ve been wearing the Mountain Stretchdown Hoody nonstop for a year and haven’t noticed a single errant feather. This makes us question the longevity and durability of the Stio Pinon, but again, further testing will really tell. 
The Pinion Hooded Jacket makes a great outer layer for active pursuits and casual wear or a mid-layer for down-hilling or colder pursuits. Bonus points: you’ll look killer at après fun.
A toaster oven of warmth wrapped up in a nylon shell complete with DWR that provides ultimate protection in any winter weather scenario; this is the Arc’teryx Thorium Jacket ($500). Serious winter conditions require serious warmth and durability, which is why this is our go-to puffy jacket for those extremely cold days.
We threw on the Thorium while watching wolves at -20 and felt like we could stand there all day thanks to the larger baffles that provide more loft for those chilly starts. It’s also in our pack while we’re huffing and puffing our way up Glory Bowl or Snow King on frigid mornings; we throw it on at the top during transitions to stay cozy and keep it on for the fast and furious ski down.
We’ve even worn it during intense winds and driving storms where snow accumulated on our shoulders. In these instances, it works as a great standalone piece thanks to the DWR coating and unique design. Arc’teryx employed an interesting hybrid design for the insulation of the Thorium, which they call “Down Composite Mapping.” 
Its 750-fill-power down is placed along the core, while Coreloft, a synthetic insulation, is used in places that may be more prone to getting wet, such as the shoulders, underarms, cuffs, and collar at the mouth. This means these areas will retain a lot of warmth even when wet. That’s not to say you can forego a hardshell or rain jacket in a downpour, but the Thorium provides more than adequate protection in a high mountain snowstorm or light precip.
The updated version of this jacket (previously the Thorium AR) has many thoughtful features that elevate the jacket’s performance. Cold fingers will immediately appreciate the fleece-lined handwarmer pockets. The higher collar means you can tuck your face and chin in on particularly bitter days, while the insulated, helmet-compatible hood stays snug during high winds. 
Two internal dump pockets are ideal for stashing climbing skins to stay warm, while a two-way main zip works well with a harness and increases versatility. And, the icing on the cake: this jacket has bigger zippers that you can actually pull while wearing gloves or mitts. Many of these features remind us of the performance-oriented Rab Neutrino Pro, but that jacket has a far superior warmth-to-weight ratio, so it’s a better choice for those seeking a warmer, lighter-weight option. 
The Thorium is not ideal for light and fast missions (the Cerium is a better option), but it is ideal for everyday use, and those times when counting ounces isn’t imperative, but staying warm and comfy is.
While we would expect this extremely warm jacket to have a bit of heft, the bulk of it slightly limits mobility. We also wish this jacket was a touch longer; the length is a bit short, so when we raise our hands up or bend over, there is a gap in the fabric that allows valuable stored warm air to escape. The $500 price tag is also a bit steep, and there are better options on this list that offer greater warmth for less money.
If you need a cold-weather puffy option that’s toastier than a hot tub time machine and offers protection from the elements in a functional package, the Thorium is a great option.
A longtime fan favorite jacket of many, this is our first time testing the Outdoor Research Transcendent Down Hoodie ($279) and after testing it, we’ve decided that this writeup is far overdue. 
Upon arrival, we noticed the unmistakably airy feel of this puffy coat. The silky soft outer and inner make this a pleasure to wear, whether you have loads of layers underneath or just a T-shirt. And, even the pockets are lined with a cozy fabric making them ideal for cold hands. 
In fact, this is one of the most comfortable puffies we’ve worn, making it one of our favorites for casual outings and expeditions in town. Plus, its smaller baffles and overall fit make it more stylish and less technical-looking than others.
We took the Transcendent Hoody backpacking in the Wind River Range, skiing in the Tetons, hiking in the Rockies, and on errands in town, so we were able to see how it performed in a range of weather and conditions. Previous iterations employed 650-fill down, but this one is packed with 800-fill responsibly sourced down, boosting its warmth up a tad to the middle of our list. 
Thoughtful features, like an inner stash pocket, an inner zip pocket, and an insulated hood, all come in handy and show the attention to detail from OR. Plus, it’s packable, squishing down into its own pocket to become smaller than a Nalgene.
The fully recycled 20 D shell and the liner are supposed to deliver wind and water resistance. However, when out on flurry-filled ski tours or misty hikes (even just one near a big waterfall), this jacket absorbs rain and snow more than we felt it should. 
We know down jackets aren’t meant to be waterproof, but this one soaked up moisture more than others. Other jackets, like Outdoor Research’s Helium Down Hoodie, did a much better job of offering protection from the elements. Our other concern about this jacket is the lack of mobility; while climbing, scrambling, and even using poles, movement in our torso and arms all feel a bit limited. 
If you’re looking for your next technical, do-it-all piece for hardcore adventures, we would recommend others on our list, like the Mountain Hardwear Stretchdown Hoody. However, for the price, the Transcendent Hoodie is an excellent option for casual adventures and around-town expeditions.
Read Review: First Look: Rab Mythic Ultra Jacket, a One-Pound Wonder
The Rab Mythic Ultra ($495) packs some high-end materials and impressive technical specs into an incredibly lightweight package, giving it one of the best warmth-to-weight ratios of any midweight down jacket that we tested. This jacket packs in a hefty 8.5 ounces of 900-fill-power down, and the men’s size Large that we tested weighed just 17.4 ounces on our digital scale.
In addition to the light and fluffy 900-fill-power down, the Mythic Ultra shaves some weight by using a thinner 10-Denier Pertex Quantum shell material and eliminates a few extra features seen on most other midweight jackets, like internal pockets. 
It does still include most standard features that you’d expect on a high-end down jacket, such as a dual front zipper, two zippered hand pockets, a zippered chest pocket, an adjustable hood and hem, and fleece lining in front of the chin. 
It also has box baffle construction in the torso — which helps eliminate cold spots that may occur with sewn-through construction — and a heat-reflective inner lining that Rab claims can reduce radiant heat loss by 30%. While we’re not able to quantify radiant heat loss, this is a noticeable feature when you’re wearing just a single layer underneath, but we’d expect less of a direct impact with the more layers you wear underneath. 
With its lightweight warmth and impressive specs, why didn’t we rank it higher? Two main reasons. Jackets in this warmth and weight range will probably be used for belaying or for alpine missions as an outermost insulating layer. And compared to other similar models like the Rab Neutrino Pro or the Mountain Hardwear Stretchdown, the Mythic Ultra has much thinner face material (10-denier versus 20-denier) that may not withstand abrasions as well and has a very slim fit in the torso, making it more difficult to dial in the right fit over other layers.
The fit of this jacket is surprisingly slim. One of our primary testers (a 5’11” and 175-pound male) is a pretty standard size Medium in most shirts and jackets, even the other Rab down jackets we tested in this Buyer’s Guide. The size Medium of this jacket fits well in the shoulders and arms but is too tight and constricting around the midsection and waist, even with just a T-shirt on underneath. 
We sized up to a size Large to accommodate the slim cut, and while the arms and shoulders are a little baggier than we’d like, the jacket now fits very well across the midsection. We’d recommend sizing up from your normal size in this jacket, especially if you’ll be using it as a belay jacket or an outermost insulating layer.
Overall, the Rab Mythic Ultra has an impressive specs list and one of the best warmth-to-weight ratios of any down jacket we’ve ever tested. Unless you absolutely need to shave an extra 3-5 ounces from your kit, we’d recommend going with the tried-and-true Neutrino Pro, which has comparable warmth, fits a little better, has thicker shell material, and is almost $100 cheaper. 
Of all the down jackets we tested, the Cotopaxi Fuego ($295) received the most “ooh, that’s a nice jacket” comments. Not really surprising, as Cotopaxi has built its reputation on flashy, devil-may-care designs — coupled with ethical and sustainable manufacturing processes.
The Fuego carries on that identity, albeit with a more toned-down, intentionally retro aesthetic. As a puffy, it’s a great around-town choice with some ready-to-party chops. The 800-fill down makes it acceptably lightweight and packable, though if you take it out enough, you’re bound to scuff up those pretty stripes.
Still, the Fuego is plenty warm for autumn wind and some light precipitation (thanks to a DWR treatment), and it can even fend off some winter bluster. But the jacket’s fit — not too trim, not too baggy — makes it easy enough to layer for added warmth.
The 20-denier shell construction adds a little extra defense against feather loss and daily abuse. Two internal stash pockets and hand pockets round out the build.
Boasting one of the lightest weights on this list — without sacrificing warmth — the Feathered Friends Eos ($409) is an ounce counter’s dream. Four ounces of 900+ fill premium down ensures each gram of this jacket packs a punch, and the Eos has consequently become one of our favorite insulators for speedy trips where maximum warmth and minimal weight are paramount. 
Feathered Friends have been masters of down since their garage-grown inception in 1972, and they honor their simple, functional roots to this day. Their products have an unflashy, utilitarian appeal that are crafted for those who need the bare necessities and nothing more. Function over fashion — which is good by us when the temps plummet.
That said, the Eos looks and feels darn good, and is no slouch around town. A slim contoured fit gently hugs your body without being constricting or limiting its layering ability, and two long stitchless baffles run down the sides, giving it a slight unique flair. These vertical baffles aren’t just for looks, though, and make the jacket more mobile and form-fitting. 
They also limit fabric bunching, and we feel noticeably unrestricted while contorting our bodies on hikes or rock climbs. Though there is an inner liner that helps prevent cold spots from the horizontal baffle’s sewn-through stitching, the stitching on the vertical baffles are exposed inside, affording a slight amount of ventilation where it counts.
The Eos packs down small, but the chest pocket, unfortunately, doesn’t double as its stuff sack — and we’ve already almost lost the separate one it comes with multiple times. This does save some weight though, as not everyone likes to pack their jacket in a stuff sack on lightweight trips. 
The two zippered handwarmer pockets are cozy and generously sized, allowing plenty of room for trinkets or bulky gloves. We do wish there were a couple of internal drop-in pockets, as those always come in handy — but we suppose they had to cut weight somehow.
True to Feathered Friend’s ethos, this jacket boasts top-shelf durability and has shown little signs of wear after significant use on a plethora of backcountry climbing and backpacking trips in Colorado and all over Appalachia. We’re big fans of this lightweight, packable wonder — and it seems to worm its way into our luggage on most chilly trips we go on these days.
Our team has tested, reviewed, and published down jacket Buyer’s Guides across several seasons. For this guide, we considered the most durable, highly acclaimed, well-constructed, and environmentally responsible down jackets. These layers are made for a variety of conditions and present a range of prices.
Editor-in-Chief Adam Ruggiero led the charge in curating and testing our initial lineup of over 20 down jackets in 2020. A seasoned, well-rounded outdoorsman, he knows what to look for in the insulation he depends on in the backcountry and used his years of experience to lay the framework for this comprehensive Guide.
Senior Editor Chris Carter took the reins of this Guide in August 2022 and has been sifting through mountains of these puffy layers ever since to bring you the streamlined selection you see today. He left no feather unturned. A long-distance thru-hiker and rock climber at heart, he tested countless down jackets in every concoction of conditions imaginable and won’t settle for anything but the best on his escapades.
In spring 2024, Lake Tahoe resident Nick Bruckbauer contributed his testing experience to this Guide, adding two new lightweight models that he tested on fast and light hikes in the Tahoe backcountry, chilly forest and neighborhood walks and runs, and while shoveling and plowing Tahoe’s famous Sierra Cement snowfall. Ryan Kempfer, an avid backcountry skier, hiker, biker, and overall gear nerd, took over this guide and added jackets he had tested in the Tetons and Rockies high country.
To challenge and determine the top designs, we enlisted a number of other staff authors and editors to get as diverse a perspective as possible, and test these puffies across a broad range of outdoor pursuits. Our testers donned these jackets in all seasons, from snowy environments in the Rockies, to chilly big wall ascents of El Cap in Yosemite.
The crew has used these jackets for camping and urban commutes, as well as alpine and rock climbing, backcountry skiing and splitboarding, bikepacking, and alpine skiing. The testers ranged from AIARE-certified backcountry venturers to lifelong recreationists.
Finally, this is an organic, constantly evolving guide. We work hard to stay on top of new trends and novel technologies and closely examine updated jackets and new models the moment they hit the market to bring you the most up-to-date choices possible. If you’re looking for women-specific recommendations, check out our guide to the best women’s down jackets. If you’d prefer something better for wet climates, check out our guide to the best synthetic insulated jackets, or if you’re in the market for something cozy, check out our guide to the best fleece jackets. 
This article includes the best down jackets in general. You can also check out our expanded list of the best down jackets for women.
Unlike sleeping bags which usually have a handy EN (European Norm) temperature rating associated with them, figuring out how warm a down jacket is can often be a tricky process. Many of us are familiar with the “fill power” of down jackets, but an equally, if not more, important component is “fill weight.”
There are certainly other factors that contribute to a down jacket’s warmth — like baffle shape, design, and construction, jacket materials, size, and fit, and other features like hood, hem, or cuff closures — but all things being equal, the down fill power and fill weight will have the most direct impact on a jacket’s warmth.
Fill power is a number that quantifies the quality of the down in terms of its loft — or fluffiness. Fill power ratings range from around 400 to 900 and even greater. Most of the jackets on this list are in the 700- to 800-fill-power range, with a few clocking in above or below. Generally, the quality and fluffiness of the down increases with the fill-power number:
The numbers listed above represent the volume per unit of down filling in cubic inches per 1 ounce. To calculate fill power, a 1-ounce sample of down is placed in a standardized cylinder, and then the total volume of that sample is measured in cubic inches.
The higher the fill power, the less down filling is needed to create the same volume of insulation, which is able to trap more air and warmth within the jacket. Higher fill power is also more compressible, loftier, lighter, and pricier.
Fill weight, on the other hand, is the precise measured weight of down found in the jacket, generally expressed in either grams or ounces.
To get a reasonable estimate of a jacket’s overall warmth, you can multiply the down’s fill power (expressed in cubic inches per ounce) by the jacket’s fill weight (expressed in ounces), which will yield a number that represents the three-dimensional volume of the jacket’s insulation, or loft, in cubic inches.
On paper, we can, therefore, estimate that the Patagonia Down Sweater Hoody (5.3 ounces of 800-fill-power down) will be warmer than the Feathered Friends Eos (4.0 ounces of 900-fill-power down). Even though the Eos has a higher fill power of 900, the Down Sweater has a higher fill weight of 5.3 ounces.
Patagonia Down Sweater Hoody: 800 cubic inches per ounce x 5.3 ounces = 4,240 total cubic inches of insulationFeathered Friends Eos: 900 cubic inches per ounce x 4.0 ounces = 3,600 total cubic inches of insulation
Though the Down Sweater is slightly warmer than the Eos, the Eos is much lighter overall (10.8 ounces versus 15.0 ounces), and has a higher warmth-to-weight ratio.
Fill weight isn’t always advertised as readily as fill power, but is — in our opinion — a much more crucial stat to consider when gearing up for any adventure. While other factors such as face fabric, sewn-through seems versus box baffles, and other features play a role in how warm a jacket is, a higher fill weight will almost always indicate a toastier puffy.
Make sure to bring an appropriate weight for the full range of weather conditions and temperature fluctuations you could encounter on your trip. Don’t focus too much on going ultralight that you put yourself in a dangerous position. It may be tempting to cut weight with the Mountain Hardwear Ghost Whisperer, which weighs 8.8 ounces and has 3 ounces of 800-fill down. Though it boasts one of the best warmth-to-weight ratios out there, it isn’t nearly warm enough for prolonged cold alpine adventures or hanging out at a chilly crag on belay.
The heavier Rab Neutrino Pro is also decorated with 800-fill-power down, but its baffles are crammed with 212 g (7.5 ounces) of the stuff — making it a much warmer barrier when temps plummet at high altitudes.
The shell fabric is an important factor for both durability and packability. Ultralight jackets tend to be made with a lighter, thinner shell material. Denier is the measurement used here. A lower denier rating means the outer fabric is lighter and, therefore, more prone to tears.
For backcountry excursions, the lower weight can be a worthy tradeoff. But for daily use, we recommend a higher denier like we see in the Mountain Hardwear Stretchdown Hoody. Most of the jackets we tested have a 10-denier or 20-denier shell fabric, with some 30-denier models. And if you do get a tear or campfire burn hole, there’s always the reliable duct tape, Tenacious Tape, or Noso Puffy Patch repair options.
Most of the jackets we tested have a 10-denier or 20-denier shell fabric, with some 30-denier models.
Down does not perform well when wet. And this is one of the places synthetic jackets tend to win out. In the past decade, there has been a growing use of hydrophobic down. Essentially, the down feathers are coated in a water-resistant polymer. It still doesn’t match the water resistance of synthetics, but for light precipitation, hydrophobic down like the kind used in the Black Diamond Approach Hoody can’t be beaten.
Manufacturers treat the face fabrics of some jackets like the Patagonia Fitz Roy Hoody and the Patagonia Down Sweater Hoodie with DWR to help block light moisture, too. Our pick for the most weather-resistant down jacket, The North Face Summit Series Breithorn Hoodie, has both water-resistant down and an outer made of recycled nylon that has both a DWR coating and Pertex® Y Fuse, which increases the down-proof and water-beading properties of the fabric.
Most of the jackets in this guide are made with down, though a handful are filled with synthetic insulation that mimics down or a blend of the two. For example, both Arc’teryx models we tested, the Cerium and the Thorium, use synthetic insulation in places that tend to get wet, so they stay loftier and keep you warm even when you get wet.
Synthetic insulation, on the other hand, is made from polyester fibers and designed to imitate down clusters and properties with a few key differences. If you compare two jackets of equal weight, down is warmer than this alternative. But synthetic insulation retains warmth even when wet. It’s also easier to wash and usually comes at a lower price point.
Within synthetic jackets, active insulation is another progressive subcategory to know. These technical garments are designed to dump extra heat and dry fast, so you don’t have to remove the jacket during vigorous activity. But these layers need also to be durable, warm, and wind-resistant. It’s a tricky balance.
Overall, synthetics can be a better, safer choice in wet or mixed weather and when weight isn’t an issue. Active insulation is best for high-output action. If it’s cold and dry, down is optimal despite its higher cost. This guide lists a wide variety of the best down jackets to keep you covered in the cold.
Outdoor industry brands have made an effort to source down ethically without animal cruelty and create transparency in the global supply chain. Various certifications exist, such as the Responsible Down Standard, the Patagonia Traceable Down Standard, and the National Sanitation Foundation’s Global Traceable Down Standard.
Without meeting such standards, abuse can become part of the supply chain. Synthetic choices can set some folks at ease.
Beyond responsible down, down jackets have an opportunity to include a bunch of eco-friendly design traits. Some jackets are created with PFC-free DWR treatments or recycled materials.
Other layers guarantee Fair Trade sewing and recycled down like the Patagonia Fitz Roy and the Mountain Hardwear Ghost Whisperer.
The activities you do while wearing your down jacket will influence the type of fit you need. Some jackets are more streamlined, while others are roomier, boxier, or longer.
If you’re using the layer for climbing and skiing, you’ll want an athletic or slender design that can be layered below or above a midlayer or shell. The North Face Summit Series Breithorn Hoodie works well as a midlayer or on its own, but we found its slim fit, a bit too slim to allow for ultra-versatile layering underneath. For big movements, it’s nice to have a silhouette that’s also stretchy and flexible, especially in the shoulder and chest area.
Jackets such as Rab’s Neutrino Pro and the Mountain Hardwear Stretchdown Hoody have been specifically designed with an anatomical shape that contributes to stellar freedom of movement while climbing or trekking in cold weather.
While many down jackets have an adequate amount of wind resistance built into their shell, the stitching between baffles often goes all the way through the jacket, allowing strong wind to squirm its way to your core. In truly gusty conditions, pairing your down jacket with a lightweight windbreaker jacket can be a powerful combination of warmth retention.
For daily commutes or bicycling around town, when your activity is generally creating less heat, a puffier and less athletic down jacket like the Arc’teryx Thorium can be really cozy. However, if you’re going from a ski tour to a work meeting or the coffee shop, you’ll want a jacket that also looks good like the Stio Pinion Hoody or the Outdoor Research Transcendent Hoody.
The down jackets in this guide range from 6.7 ounces at the low end to more than 30 ounces on the heavy side. The median weight is around 15 ounces, and the most common weight is closer to 20 to 23 ounces.
As you might expect, the warmest down jackets are typically also on the heavier end, as the down fill weight has a big impact on overall warmth. This is where fill power comes in. Jackets with a higher fill power can achieve an equivalent warmth level at a lighter overall weight. 
The Rab Mythic Ultra with its 900-fill-power down insulation really stands out for its excellent warmth for the weight. We weighed the men’s size Large that we tested at 17.4 ounces — and this jacket is as warm or warmer than many others in the 20- to 23-ounce range.
Super-lightweight down jackets typically come with a premium price tag, but the investment can be worthwhile for adventurers with limited space looking to trim ounces. Models like the Black Diamond Approach Hoody and Feathered Friends Eos strike a solid balance between lightweight simplicity and premium performance.
If speed and efficiency are of utmost importance, jackets like this won’t hold you back. Make sure to research the full range temperatures you will encounter on your trips before leaving, however, and don’t prioritize an ultralight base weight so much that you put yourself in danger.
Some of these down jackets can compress to the size of a water bottle or smaller, while others are bulkier — influenced by the fill, face fabric, and overall design. A tiny pack size can allow you to carry a smaller, lighter load on lightweight excursions, but make sure to not leave your down jacket smushed up for long periods of time. This can greatly impact the down’s lofting and insulating abilities, and reduce the jacket’s overall lifespan.
It’s fine to keep your jacket in its stuff sack for one or two days at a time, but try to pull it out of the sack regularly and let it loft up fully over the duration of your trip. When storing your jacket after you get home, hang it in your closet — and don’t mash it too tightly between your other clothes. Washing your jacket with down-friendly detergent can also prolong its life. We gravitate to Nikwax’s Down Wash Direct for this purpose.  
Many down jackets include a hood, some of which are helmet-compatible, while others have a tall collar. Some hoods may have a stiff wire at the brim which improves protection and visibility during snowy conditions. Zipper width, toggle size, and durability can vary. But as a general rule of thumb, YKK produces the strongest zippers. Minimized zippers can reduce weight and bulk.
Cuffs and sleeves can have a flexible, comfortable elastic closure or a Velcro tab for extra security. Occasionally, designs have wrist gaiters with thumb loops.
Two front hand pockets with zip closures are common, though some pockets are smaller or placed higher than others for harness compatibility. These handwarmer pockets often become super important for keeping heat from escaping your extremities once the temps start to drop.
Additional accessory pockets might include an interior or exterior chest, inside mesh pockets, and a pocket the jacket itself stuffs into.
For high-output activity, down jackets can feature mesh-lined pit zips and a powder skirt. Some designs also have a two-way zipper down the front, which is helpful when wearing a harness and belaying.
It’s easy to spend $250-500 on a down jacket. And that’s no small investment. The main thing to consider when looking at your budget is the end use.
There aren’t many options in this category. If you’re regularly packing into the backcountry, an ultralight, super-packable, rather expensive jacket may be necessary. If you’ll mostly wear it around town or for light trail use, something like the budget-friendly REI 650 Down Jacket will keep you warm for just over $100.
Most down jackets on our list range from $280 to $400. With this increase in price, you’ll typically see an increase in fill power and fill weight, which translates to an increase in warmth. Even our best warmth-to-weight ratio pick, the Black Diamond Approach Down Hoody ($380), and our warmest midweight, the Rab Neutrino Pro ($400) fall in this range. 
Mid-tier jackets like our most durable pick, the Mountain Hardwear Stretchdown Hoody ($300), also have more features, including added pockets, adjustable hoods, weather-resistant materials, and more. While this may seem like a ton to pay for a jacket, with proper treatment, jackets in this tier should last long enough to be worth the investment.
These jackets, which range from $409 and above, tend to be designed for adventures or expeditions in frigid temperatures. The Rab Mythic G Down Jacket ($525), the Rab Mythic Ultra ($495), the Arc’teryx Thorium ($500), and the Feathered Friends EOS ($409) have some of the highest fill powers on this list, which means they have an excellent warmth-to-weight ratio.
They are often weather-resistant and more durable, as well. However, if you’re going to throw down this much for a jacket, you’ll want to be sure you have the need for it. We typically grab these jackets atop high peaks in mid-winter before skiing down or when we’re tackling technical objectives in Nepal or Alaska. They’re also ideal for when you’re going to be stationary in freezing temps; think ice fishing, ice climbing, your kid’s football game in December, or belaying. An exception to this rule is the The North Face Summit Series Breithorn Hoodie ($430). It was a unicorn of sorts: light enough for moderate activity on cold days, but warm enough for standing around, too.
A down jacket holds heat around your body’s core in order to maintain a comfortable level of warmth when the temperatures drop. A spectrum of down jackets exists from plush and stylish for everyday use to lighter, packable designs for year-round backcountry adventures.
A jacket’s fill power is the down’s quality and amount of loft. You’ll see jackets labeled as 600-fill or 800-fill, for instance. The fill weight, which we measure in ounces, reflects the density or amount of down stuffed inside the jacket.
So when two 700-fill jackets have different weights, we know the heavier one is warmer.
On the other hand, if two down jackets weigh the same with different fill power (two 15-ounce jackets with 650-fill and 800-fill), the higher fill jacket is going to be less bulky, lighter, and more compressible.
It’s tricky to compare jackets with differing fill power. But in general, the lower the fill power, the less loft and warmth.
Down jackets have a huge variance of warmth. Some jackets are constructed to withstand freezing or sub-zero temperatures, while others are a match for summer, spring, and fall backpacking trips. Here are the broad categories of jackets, depending on their fill weight:
The combination of the fill weight and fill power, which is the loft and quality of the down, changes how warm a jacket is. The higher the fill power and higher the weight, the more heat the jacket retains.
Lightweight down jackets are very compressible and a great choice for cramming into your pack for emergency use. But they often cost more. Those weights range from close to 8 to 15 ounces. Midweight options bump up to the 20-ounce range, and heavier down jackets are around 30 ounces.
The best down jacket for you is based on where and how you’ll use it. If the weather is relatively dry and super cold, a down jacket with greater down fill that will retain more heat could be worth the investment. If you’ll be in a really wet environment, a synthetic down jacket might be a better choice.
As you search for a down jacket, pay attention to the fill power, overall fit, and price. Be sure the warmth and features match your needs, like whether or not the jacket has a helmet-compatible hood, underarm zippers, and harness-compatible hand pockets.
Examine the level of weather resistance, like DWR-treated material or down, and if it matches the exposure you’ll be in. Some jackets are even reinforced in high-use areas, like in the shoulders for pulling on and off a pack. If you plan on venturing into the backcountry, weight and compressibility make a difference, too.
We tested the best women’s down jackets, from hefty technical layers to lightweight puffers, including Rab, Patagonia,  Mountain Hardwear, Arc’teryx, and more.
We tested the best synthetic insulated jackets from Arc’teryx, The North Face, Patagonia, and more to help you find the best option for your needs and budget. 
Based in beautiful Chattanooga, Tennessee, Chris Carter is a Senior Editor for GearJunkie, while squeezing in side gigs as an adventure filmmaker and content creator in the outdoor industry. Drawing from his childhood in Africa, experience as a rock climbing and backpacking guide, ultra-marathon running, and years of extensive thru-hiking, he’s passionate about journalism that gets people into the wild. He has thru-hiked the Triple Crown of long trails in America: the Pacific Crest Trail (2018), the Continental Divide Trail (2021), and the Appalachian Trail (2021), and has explored, rock-climbed, and backpacked all over the world. He hopes to spread his love of adventure and travel through his writing, art, and videography.

Based in beautiful Chattanooga, Tennessee, Chris Carter is a Senior Editor for GearJunkie, while squeezing in side gigs as an adventure filmmaker and content creator in the outdoor industry. Drawing from his childhood in Africa, experience as a rock climbing and backpacking guide, ultra-marathon running, and years of extensive thru-hiking, he’s passionate about journalism that gets people into the wild. He has thru-hiked the Triple Crown of long trails in America: the Pacific Crest Trail (2018), the Continental Divide Trail (2021), and the Appalachian Trail (2021), and has explored, rock-climbed, and backpacked all over the world. He hopes to spread his love of adventure and travel through his writing, art, and videography.
Born in Wisconsin, Ryan forged a deep connection with the outdoors and specifically wildlife by spending time with white-tailed deer and elk on his Grandfather Boone’s mini game farm. At 18, Ryan moved out West to Steamboat Springs where the mountains — and skiing —  captured his heart. Since then, the places he’s traveled — from Grand Teton to Great Sand Dunes National Park and many spots in between — have brought great adventures on skis, bikes, and by foot.
For years, Ryan has worked in the ski industry, first within ski resort operations and then as a boot fitter and ski tech, helping people find the perfect gear for their adventures and helping them dial in comfort so they could enjoy it all even more. Ryan currently works as a wildlife guide in Grand Teton and Yellowstone where he brings his passion for Nature and wildlife to every client he meets.

Born in Wisconsin, Ryan forged a deep connection with the outdoors and specifically wildlife by spending time with white-tailed deer and elk on his Grandfather Boone’s mini game farm. At 18, Ryan moved out West to Steamboat Springs where the mountains — and skiing —  captured his heart. Since then, the places he’s traveled — from Grand Teton to Great Sand Dunes National Park and many spots in between — have brought great adventures on skis, bikes, and by foot.
For years, Ryan has worked in the ski industry, first within ski resort operations and then as a boot fitter and ski tech, helping people find the perfect gear for their adventures and helping them dial in comfort so they could enjoy it all even more. Ryan currently works as a wildlife guide in Grand Teton and Yellowstone where he brings his passion for Nature and wildlife to every client he meets.
Nick Bruckbauer is the Content Commerce Manager of Gear Junkie and its parent company AllGear Digital. Nick has been writing about everything from running shoes to stand up paddleboards to splitting axes for the last 5 years. Prior to joining the Gear Junkie team, he was a practicing civil engineer and project manager for nearly 15 years. A year-round resident of Lake Tahoe, Nick lives his dream mountain lifestyle and puts an assortment of gear and tools to the test almost daily.

Nick Bruckbauer is the Content Commerce Manager of Gear Junkie and its parent company AllGear Digital. Nick has been writing about everything from running shoes to stand up paddleboards to splitting axes for the last 5 years. Prior to joining the Gear Junkie team, he was a practicing civil engineer and project manager for nearly 15 years. A year-round resident of Lake Tahoe, Nick lives his dream mountain lifestyle and puts an assortment of gear and tools to the test almost daily.
Categories

						More From GearJunkie					
Follow Us On
Follow Us On

						Get adventure news and gear reviews in your inbox!