By HEIDI PARKER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  17:15, 17 June 2024   |  Updated:  20:33, 17 June 2024   
 84
View  comments
She grew up near the beaches in Southern California.
And in her 20s this talented singer became famous with her surf punk vibe when she joined a band.
The star had hits for many years that saw her tour around the world.
She went solo and even came up with a clothing line.
She made her film debut playing Jean Harlow in Martin Scorsese's The Aviator in 2004. 
And her wedding to her dream guy - a British rocker - made headline news as she wore an ombre pink gown.
They had three kids then divorced.
Then this cover girl who never seems to age wed her costar on a competition show and they seem to be living happily ever after.
On Sunday - Father's Day - she posted this throwback photo.
Who is she?
She grew up near the beaches in Southern California. And in her 20s this talented singer became famous with her surf punk vibe when she joined a band. Who is she?
She is Gwen Stefani.
The star got her start with the band No Doubt then wed Gavin Rossdale.
Stefani embarked on a solo pop career in 2004 by releasing her debut studio album Love. Angel. Music. Baby. 
She and Gavin split in 2017 and then she fell for her The Voice costar Blake Shelton whom she wed in 2021.
This comes after Shelton admitted being a stepfather has changed him 'in every possible way'.
The 47-year-old country singer - officially became stepdad to her sons Kingston, 17, Zuma, 15, and Apollo, 10, in 2021, six years after her split from ex Gavin Rossdale.
He told Entertainment Tonight: 'I learned quickly, not because anything happened, but just, you know, reading the room, you've really got [to think], 'I have to take a step back'.
'When people say it's not about you anymore when you have a kid... I think, if you're doing it right, it's not about you anymore. That's true.'
Blake first met the 54-year-old No Doubt singer a decade ago when she joined The Voice, and while they didn't talk much during that first season, eventually 'the pieces were falling together'.
He is looking forward to the future, and he admitted he'd be delighted with 'a repeat these past 10 years'.
She is Gwen Stefani. The star got her start with the band No Doubt then wed Gavin Rossdale. They split in 2017 and then she fell for her The Voice costar Blake Shelton whom she wed in 2021. Seen in May
He said: 'If I could have a repeat of these past 10 years, [that] would be perfect.
'Next month, we've got an 18-year-old, which it blows my mind that already happened. And in a couple of years, we'll have another 18-year old.
'And that's... it's gonna be I guess a lot more alone time, which I'm not mad about that either. But we still have Apollo, so we have another almost 10 years before we can kick him out, so it should be a lot of fun.'
When it comes to the way he has embraced raising Gwen's children and taking them in as his own, Blake has been inspired by the way his father treated his younger brother by marriage.
Shelton and  Stefani backstage at the 59th Academy of Country Music Awards from Ford Center at The Star in May in Frisco, Texas
The blonde seen on her show The Voice in the Knockout Rounds
The couple with Post Malone at The 51st CMA Fest at Nissan Stadium on June 6 in Nashville
He previously told the Country Radio Seminar: 'He took Richie on and raised him from the time he was 1 year old, and my brother never thought of my dad as anything other than his dad.
'The example that my dad set for me was that [child] was not even a consideration [in a romantic partnership]. You got three boys? Awesome! My dad did it.
'My dad raised me. I could do this. I didn't know what I was signing up for, but I was all about signing up for it. And every day I've fallen in love with the boys as much as I do with Gwen.'
Here Stefani is seen when she was with No Doubt; posed with Bon Jovi

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group