Welcome to the Year of the Dragon, Super Bowl weekend, Black History Month and of course everything Valentines Day. There is A LOT to do and watch outside of the big game Sunday. 
Portland's most iconic Lunar New Year celebration experience at Lan Su. Witness the garden aglow at night with hanging red lanterns now through March 2. 
Oregon Craft Beer Month continues. A month-long focus on Oregon craft breweries, highlighting events, beer releases, and more! 
Portland Dumpling Week continues. Yummmm. 
The Portland Winter Light Festival is a really romantic stroll through different installations around town. Or something cool to take the kids too. 
Portland Spirit 2024 Valentine's Day Dinner Cruise runs Feb 10-14. 
Black History Month Fashion Show at Clark Co. Fairgrounds Saturday 10-3pm
Nordic Kids Carnival at Nordia House on Oleson in SW Portland Sunday 2-5pm
OMSI brings back its Studio Ghibli Film Festival.
In celebration of Black History Month, the Portland Community College - Cascade Campus is offering the Cascade Festival of African Films showcasing films that celebrate Africa's achievements and show Africa through the eyes of Africans. 
Get your ValenTango on! The largest and longest running tango festival, Portland ValenTango returns for its 24th year. All dancers, whether professional or not, are invited!
LOVE FEST is a shopping event downtown that will showcase local wine, chocolates, flower plants, jewelry and home décor items. Forte PDX Friday from 6-11p. 
STACEY & MIKE'S WATCHLIST
The Super Bowl on CBS and Paramount + at 3:30pm PT. Featuring a halftime Performance by Usher. Pregame festivities feature Post Malone singing America The Beautiful and Reba singing the National Anthem. And for the first time ever Super Bowl LVIII Live from Bikini Bottom will feature SpongeBob SquarePants and Patrick Star live in the booth alongside CBS Sports’ Nate Burleson and play-by-play announcer Noah Eagle. 
Will Team Ruff or Team Fluff win the Lombarky trophy? The Puppy Bowl airs Sunday at 11am on Animal Planet. 
For those who have no desire to watch Football this weekend you could get into some early Valentine’s Rom Coms. Someone took the time to figure out the most popular Rom Coms by state and Washingtonians know what love is Forrest Gump.
The number one Rom Com for Oregonians: The Devil Wears Prada