Did you know that you can get the best of Broadway and off-Broadway straight to your ears?
From Pulitzer Prize winners to Tony-award winning plays performed by the Tony winners themselves, Audible — the audiobook service from Amazon — has a robust collection of theater available to listen to right now. All of these recordings were performed by full casts, too, so you can fully immerse yourself in the storytelling and the unique worlds of every production.
If you can’t make it to New York to catch the Broadway premiere, you can even listen to David Henry Hwang’s “Yellow Face” with the current Broadway lead Daniel Dae Kim. 
Audible is subscription-based, but offers a one-month free trial to all new users, no matter which plan you choose. 
Audible Plus ($7.95/month) includes unlimited access to a selection of Audible Originals, including many of the plays we’ve highlighted below. You can also listen to those Originals with an Audible Premium Plus ($14.95/month) membership, but that also comes with one credit every month to buy the book of your choice. 
Here are 17 of our favorite plays that you can listen to right now with an Audible membership. 
Cast: Marcel Spears, Nikki Crawford, Billy Eugene Jones, Calvin Leon Smith, Benja Kay Thomas, Adrianna Mitchell, Chris Herbie Holland
About this play: The Pulitzer Prize-winning New York Times Critic’s Pick that served Broadway “raucous comedy and nonstop pleasure” has made its way home to Audible. Juicy is a queer, Southern college kid already grappling with some serious questions of identity when the ghost of his father shows up in their backyard, demanding that Juicy avenge his murder. But here’s the rub! Revenge doesn’t come easy to Juicy, a sensitive and self-aware young Black man in search of his own happiness and liberation.
Listeners are saying: “This story was hilarious and poignant. The actors made the story come alive and it kept me interested the entire story. There were laugh-out-loud moments and times when I wanted to yell at the Mom. Any story that can make you react like this is worth listening to.”
Cast: Andrew Garfield, Nathan Lane, Susan Brown, Denise Gough, Beth Malone, James McArdle, Lee Pace, Nathan Stewart-Jarrett, Bobby Cannavale, Edie Falco
About this play: In this production, adapted especially for the listening experience, Andrew Garfield, Nathan Lane, and the entire cast recreate their acclaimed performances from the 2018 Tony Award-winning National Theatre revival of Angels in America: A Gay Fantasia on National Themes. With narration by Bobby Cannavale and Edie Falco, and a musical score by Adrian Sutton, this audiobook is a compelling and immersive theatrical listening experience. 
A play in two parts, “Millennium Approaches” and “Perestroika”, Angels in America: A Gay Fantasia on National Themes is a complex and insightful look into identity, community, justice, and redemption. New Yorkers grapple with life and death, love and sex, and heaven and hell as the AIDS crisis intensifies during a time of political reaction—the Reagan Republican counterrevolution of the 1980s.
Listeners are saying: “I’m so grateful that this cast and Audible have made this available. Living in a rural location in Australia there is little chance that I would get to see a cast of this quality but to hear them was a real pleasure. Even better is that when I have had a chance to process this experience I can return to it for further reflection”
Cast: Daniel Dae Kim, Ashley Park, Wendell Pierce, Benedict Wong, Noah Bean, Dick Cavett, Margaret Cho, Ronan Farrow, Fritz Friedman, Joel De La Fuente, Margaret Fung, Gish Jen, Francis Jue, Jason Biggs
About this play:  The story, which mixes fact with fiction, starts in 1990, when David Henry Hwang—the first Asian American playwright to win a Tony—is among the highest profile artists to protest the casting of Welsh actor Jonathan Pryce in an Asian role in the musical “Miss Saigon.” When Hwang begins work on a new play based on the controversy, he inadvertently hires a white actor for a key Asian role. To protect his reputation as an Asian-American role model, Hwang invents a fake background for his star. 
The resulting debacle spreads much further than he could foresee, and forces him to re-evaluate just how much of a champion for his culture he truly is. Hwang pulls no punches, naming names, and not letting himself off the hook.
Can’t make it to Broadway to see “Yellow Face” this fall? Listen on Audible!
Listeners are saying: “Best performance I have listened to on Audible, hands down. I giggled uncontrollably in my car. The play does a fantastic job of advocating for the specific in such detail that the experience becomes universal. David may have set out to tell an Asian American story but his characters embrace universal themes, and he tells his story with humility and grace, from beginning to end.”
Cast: Carla Gugino, Audra McDonald, Ariel Shafir
About this play: With Emmy, Grammy, and six-time Tony Award winner Audra McDonald as Blanche DuBois alongside Carla Gugino as Stella, O’Hara takes a fresh and visceral look at the emotionally charged relationship between these two iconic sisters. Haunted by her past, Blanche seeks refuge with Stella and Stanley (Ariel Shafir) in New Orleans, where she wrestles with the nature of her sister’s husband, her sister’s denial, and her own unraveling mind.
Listeners are saying: “I thought I knew this play. Opened up my imagination, listening to the dialog with brand new ears. Enjoyed the interview with the director at the end about his choices. Totally fresh take on this play. I’ll listen again.”
Cast: Bradley James Tejeda, Israel Erron Ford, August Gray Gall, Miguel Pinzon, Eddie Lopez, Jay Donnell, Kasey Mahaffy, Avi Roque, Adam Kantor, Juan Castano, Bill Brochtrup, Tuc Watkins, Tantoo Cardinal, Eric Flores
About this play: Considered “perhaps the most important American play of this century” by The Daily Telegraph, the Tony Award-winning Best Play has arrived on Audible. Based on “Howards End” by E.M. Forster, “The Inheritance” takes place in New York City decades after the AIDS epidemic. Eric Glass is a political activist engaged to his writer boyfriend, Toby Darling. When two strangers enter their lives—an older man and a younger one—their futures suddenly become uncertain as they begin to chart divergent paths. In this epic examination of survival, healing, and class divide, three generations of gay men attempt to forge a future for themselves amid a turbulent and changing America.
Listeners are saying: “Lopez has given us a story both extremely moving and authentic. Poignant. Relevant. Insightful. Deeply respectful and bountifully affirming. This is the kind of literature that changes lives. I am deeply grateful for it, as its potential to offer healing and compassion in this time is immense. The cast’s performance is superb. The production is flawless. Lopez offers the opportunity for understanding. Take it.”
Cast: Jake Gyllenhaal, Tom Sturridge
About this play: Meet Alex, a photographer on a holiday with his family in the south of France. Meet Abe, a music producer with a baby on the way. Two men – both fathers, husbands, and sons – take us on a journey you will never forget. The finest actors of their generation, Academy Award® nominee Jake Gyllenhaal (“Sunday in the Park with George”) and Tony Award nominee Tom Sturridge (“1984”), had audiences roaring to their feet during the sold-out Broadway engagement. Now “Sea Wall / A Life,” a dramatic exploration of transformative love and devastating loss, comes to Audible.
Listeners are saying: “Enthralling stuff. The ups & lows in how the stories are told & revealed catches you & keeps you captive till it ends. It all comes to a head at the very right time it should, when it lets you go on & onwards, to contemplate on it all of life & death. Brilliant, all round.”
Cast: Laura Linney, Jessica Hecht
About this play: Written by Pulitzer Prize-winning playwright David Auburn, this critically acclaimed Broadway hit chronicles the lives of two young mothers as they forge an unlikely bond during the summer of America’s Bicentennial. As the days heat up, they navigate a tumultuous relationship and discover how friendships define us, divide us, and permanently alter our sense of ourselves.
A fully immersive listening experience and a must-hear for theater enthusiasts everywhere, “Summer, 1976” is a deeply moving portrayal of the small moments that can change the course of our lives.
Listeners are saying: “Laura Linney and Jessica Hecht breathe flawless life into this funny, poignant story of friendship between two women in, yes, the summer of 1976. The two protagonists, thrown together by proximity and motherhood, are very different women, but their brief, intense friendship becomes the crucible for helping each of them arrive at a critical crossroads in her life. The ending of the story is a realistic and satisfying resolution. I was riveted from the first word. I’m so glad I found this story.”
Cast: Andrew Garfield, Cynthia Erivo, Andrew Scott, Tom Hardy, Chukwudi Iwuji, Romesh Ranganathan, Natasia Demetriou, Francesca Mills, Alex Lawther, Katie Leung
About this play: Starring Andrew Garfield as Winston, Cynthia Erivo as Julia, Andrew Scott as the alluring, mysterious O’Brien, and featuring Tom Hardy as Big Brother, Audible presents a new dramatization of George Orwell’s classic tale. An immersive listening experience like none you’ve heard before, at a time when it has all never felt more chillingly relevant.
Featuring a haunting original score composed by Muse’s lead singer and songwriter Matthew Bellamy and Ilan Eshkeri, recorded by the London Metropolitan Orchestra at Abbey Road Studios, the production is directed by BAFTA Award winner Destiny Ekaragha, produced in Dolby Atmos by Granny Eats Wolf, and dramatised by Olivier Award nominated writer Joe White.
Listeners are saying: “I’ve read the book, I’ve seen the movie, I’ve listened to the Simon Prebble audiobook. Nothing comes close to this production. It was 3 1/2 hours of total immersion. I can’t count the times I sat here saying Oh. My. God, Andrews Garfield and Scott are amazing. I am blown away by this.”
Cast: Laura Benanti
About this play: As a precocious kid who took Broadway by storm at the age of 18, Laura Benanti spent her formative years playing grown-ups onstage, but it took her a while to figure out how to be one in real life. With her razor-sharp wit and unapologetic candor, Benanti shares her hard-won insights on topics like marriage, motherhood, perimenopause, female friendship, and making peace with the younger versions of ourselves. Whether you’re a mom juggling a million responsibilities, or just anyone trying to navigate the complexities of becoming a person that you’re proud of—prepare to laugh until you cry as Benanti skewers the societal expectations and double standards that so often leave us feeling like “nobody cares.”
Listeners are saying: “This amazing 80 minutes of delight is part comedy, part therapy, part musical entertainment, and a whole lot of honest, real-life experience as a human being. No matter who you are or what your story is, you can find something in Laura’s vulnerable stories that will make you think “Yes, you see me.” Be prepared to laugh out loud, feel a little bit challenged or convicted, and then have tears in your eyes all within 60 seconds, over and over again.”
Cast: Mary-Louise Parker, Will Hochman
About this play: Tony, Golden Globe, and Emmy Award winner Mary-Louise Parker stars in what ​The New York Times​ calls “a gripping mystery” about Bella Baird, a​ ​novelist and Ivy League English professor who prizes her solitude. When faced with a challenge she cannot tackle alone,​ Bella must ally herself with a brilliant but mysterious student (Will Hochman) and confront the question of what one person can truly do for another.
Listeners are saying: “It pulled me in right away. Slightly quirky/unusual read but that totally made the experience better. The shift of narrator was an unusual tactic for this plot, but it made the experience. A book within a book. A mystery within a mystery.”
Cast: Anne E. Thompson, Bubba Weiler, Kirsten Fitzgerald, Mary Beth Fisher
About this play: When a recently widowed woman in rural Wisconsin notices her husband’s toolbox is missing, she calls the authorities—and unwittingly starts a chain of events that will forever change her community. What begins as a disarmingly simple mystery blooms into an exploration of loss, the fragility of the environment, and what it means to connect and heal.
Listeners are saying: “[I] hardly ever write a review. But the story about loss and lost, found and unfounded, jerks and knee jerk prejudices, power and powerlessness is so relevant to many ordinary people fighting the good fight with no reward only criticism … Damn good tension. I would listen to more.”
Cast: Bill Camp, Elizabeth Marvel, Ato Blankson-Wood, Jason Bowen
About this play: At the heart of O’Neill’s masterwork is the Tyrone family, living together again under lockdown. As the pressure builds, each family member retreats to their own destructive vices. This must-see production inspired by the events of 2020 is a visceral and provocative exploration of addiction and mental health speaking to our present moment.
Listeners are saying: “What a captivatingly amazing production—despite the tragic tenor of mental anguish and addiction, an important contribution that should not be missed.”
Cast: Billy Crudup
About this play: Moving to New York City and presenting himself as an Englishman, Harry charms his way into a wealthy family’s life, leading an outrageous double life. As the seductive and clever Harry, his increasingly reckless behavior threatens to undo more than his persona. David Cale’s nuanced storytelling and Crudup’s magnetic performance combine, making “Harry Clarke” a sexually charged and wickedly funny thriller. The New York Times hailed Crudup’s performance in “a sly role terrifically suited to his gifts” while praising Cale’s story as a delicious conceit.
Listeners are saying: “What a gritty, naughty, and clever ride for Harry that ended all too soon! I want to hear more from David Cale and Billy Crudup for sure. David’s story was fast and furious – loved it. And Billy didn’t hold back in his powerful delivery. Nice work, chaps!”
Cast: Simone Missick, Andre Holland, Kristolyn Lloyd, Blair Underwood, Keith Randolph Smith 
About this play: It’s 1949 in Detroit’s Black Bottom neighborhood, and there’s no better place to hear or play jazz than Paradise Club. Blue (Emmy Award winner, Grammy Award winner, and 2020 Tony Award nominee Blair Underwood), club owner and trumpeter, can wail like no other, but as forces outside the club conspire to irreparably change life inside and outside Paradise’s walls, he must decide whether to stay or sell. Beholden to his girlfriend (Grammy Award winner Kristolyn Lloyd) and fellow bandmates (André Holland and Keith Randolph Smith), Blue faces an uncertain future as he reckons with his troubled past. When Silver (Simone Missick), a smooth and mysterious newcomer from Louisiana, steps onto the scene, everyone in Paradise must choose how to survive.
Listeners are saying: “Story, performance and music were fantastic! As soon as I start listening, I was hooked to the story. I wanted to know what would be the outcome at the end. Performance of each character was so rich in depth and well represented. Hands down to everyone who was involved in this production!”
Cast: Diane Guerrero, Laura Benanti, Santino Fontana, Tom Hollander, Tony Shalhoub
About this play: A visit to the urologist has never been more hilarious – or revealing – than in “Men’s Health,” a new comedy written by Daniel Goldfarb and directed by Scott Ellis. Adam (Tony winner Santino Fontana) is a TV writer in search of a diagnosis for a very personal problem. He ends up half naked and fully freaked out in the exam room of Dr. Szabo (Tony and Emmy winner Tony Shalhoub), a physician with a unique bedside manner offering some truly unorthodox treatment options. After several months of appointments, both patient and doctor begin to open up, sharing some of the most private parts of their lives. But when Adam decides to write about their relationship, Dr. Szabo discovers how frightening and freeing it feels to be truly exposed.
Listeners are saying: “I have listened to most of the plays on Audible. And there are some wonderful ones. But “Men’s Health” is in a class by itself. Hilarious. Touching. Every man with an Audible account needs to listen to it.”
For over 200 years, the New York Post has been America’s go-to source for bold news, engaging stories, in-depth reporting, and now, insightful shopping guidance. We’re not just thorough reporters – we sift through mountains of information, test and compare products, and consult experts on any topics we aren’t already schooled specialists in to deliver useful, realistic product recommendations based on our extensive and hands-on analysis. Here at The Post, we’re known for being brutally honest – we clearly label partnership content, and whether we receive anything from affiliate links, so you always know where we stand. We routinely update content to reflect current research and expert advice, provide context (and wit) and ensure our links work. Please note that deals can expire, and all prices are subject to change.
Looking for a headline-worthy haul? Keep shopping Post Wanted.