By 

	Tomás Mier


	Following up a chart-topping country song with another country banger? Post Malone found the guy for that: Luke Combs. On Friday, the duo released “Guy For That,” Malone’s follow-up to his Morgan Wallen-featuring hit, “I Had Some Help.”

	“I’m damn near down to my last dime/I’m pretty good at breakin’ down a heart/But pickin’ up the pieces is the hard part,” sings Malone in the chorus. “She’s searchin’ for someone who’s gonna build it back/But I ain’t got a guy for that.”

	Throughout the week, Malone has been sharing snippets of the song. Earlier this week, he shared a behind-the-scenes clip of the pair singing the track for a music video as he wore a hat that reads, “Dolly Parton Fan Club”

	Malone has been teasing the Combs collab for months, sharing a snippet of himself dancing along to the song they recorded in February.

	“Guy For That” is set to be featured on his sixth album, F-1 Trillion, which drops on Aug. 16. “Sup motherfuckas…F-1 Trillion August 16th,” wrote Posty on Instagram alongside a photo of a billboard with the racecar-themed LP title. Last week, he debuted his track “Yours,” an emotional song about his daughter, that’s set to be featured on his album.

	










	Malone’s been in his country era all year. He started it in April with a surprise performance at the famed Ryman Auditorium, followed a few weeks later by his set at Stagecoach, where he performed a host of country covers and was joined on stage by the likes of Brad Paisley, Dwight Yokam, and Sara Evans.





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Walton Goggins Shuts Down Interview Over Aimee Lou Wood Questions		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Piper Rockelle Has a Lot to Say About That Netflix Documentary		
	








	He also appeared at the 2024 Academy of Country Music Awards, honored Dickey Betts with a cover of “Ramblin’ Man” with Reba McEntire, and joined Beyoncé on “Levii’s Jeans” for her historic album, Cowboy Carter. 

	And last month, Blake Shelton joined him at CMA Fest‘s Spotify House to perform one of the album’s singles, “Pour Me a Drink.” 
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.