The first DLC pack releases in May

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

The complete WWE 2K24 season pass has been revealed, detailing every post-launch downloadable content (DLC) update.
Ahead of the launch of the upcoming wrestling game based on the retelling of Wrestlemania's best moments, 2K Games has unveiled the full schedule for the season pass, which includes a ton of extra content.
The season pass is included as part of WWE 2K24 Deluxe Edition and WWE 2K24 40 Years of Wrestlemania Edition, both of which can be pre-purchased now, and will feature five post-launch DLC character packs, which amounts to more than 20 additional Superstars that players can select from the roster.
The second DLC pack, in particular, will feature pop-culture icons like sports analyst and professional wrestling commentator Pat McAfee and singer/songwriter Post Malone, among other iconic Superstars.
In addition, at launch, players with the season pass will receive the MyRISE Mega-Boost pack, which features an additional 200 Attribute Points, as well as the SuperCharger - a bonus that unlocks all base game WWE Legends and additional arenas.
The first DLC pack is set to release on May 15, with the following four to be released across the rest of the year, including on June 26, July 24, September 20, and November 13.
Although the season pass will feature all five DLC packs, players can also purchase each pack individually upon their release. You can take a look at the full details for each DLC pack below.
Sign up for breaking news, reviews, opinion, top tech deals, and more.
DLC 1: ECW Punk Pack - May 15th
DLC 2: Post Malone & Friends Pack - June 26
DLC 3: Pat McAfee Pack - July 24
DLC 4: Global Superstars Pack - Sep 20
DLC 5: WCW Pack - Nov 13
WWE 2K24 is set to launch on March 8, 2024, for PS5, PS4, Xbox Series X|S, Xbox One, and PC.
For more, be sure to check out our list of the best fighting games along with our pick for the best PS5 games available now. 

TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury,
Bath
BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.