Manage your account
DANIEL ISLAND, S.C. (WCBD)—Home to the Credit One Charleston Open, this Daniel Island outdoor stadium will host a list of star performances over the next month and a half.
Credit One Stadium has released a list of upcoming musical acts to take the stage as fall weather approaches, providing cooler temperatures for this outdoor venue.
“Head Over Boots” singer Jon Pardi is bringing his ‘Mr. Saturday Night Tour’ to Daniel Island on Saturday, Sept. 7. Pardi fans can expect to hear hits from the Grand Ole Opry member and see special performances from guest singers Priscilla Block and Meghan Patrick. [TICKETS HERE]
Formed in Kentucky, rock band My Morning Jacket is teaming up with Nathaniel Rateliff & The Night Sweats for the ‘Eye to Eye’ Tour.  The musical partners will come together at Credit One on Thursday, Sept. 12. Some of My Morning Jacket’s hits include “One Big Holiday,” ‘Spinning My Wheels,” and the recently released “Wordless Chorus.” [TICKETS HERE]
Grammy-nominated “Drunk on a Plane” country singer Dierks Bentley will perform that hit alongside other songs from his newest album ‘Gravel & Gold’ on Friday, Sept. 13, beginning at 7 p.m. Lee Brice and Tanner Usrey will also entertain as opening acts. [TICKETS HERE]
Cody Johnson, also known as COJO, is crossing the country on “The Leather” Tour, singing records from his latest album “Leather.” COJO will stop on Daniel Island with Ashley McBryde in tow on Saturday, Sep. 21. The concert starts at 7:30 p.m. [TICKETS HERE]
International star Post Malone is bringing his newest creative endeavor to Credit One on Wednesday, Oct. 9. The F-1 Trillion album is Malone’s debut country album and features collaborations with stars like Dolly Parton, Morgan Wallen, Blake Shelton, and more. Malone will perform songs from the chart-topping album alongside The Fools For You. [TICKETS HERE]
Copyright 2024 Nexstar Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
 For the latest news, weather, sports, and streaming video, head to WCBD News 2.