By 

	Ethan Millman


Jelly Roll‘s Beautifully Broken is the Number One album in the country, Billboard confirmed on Monday, marking the rapper-turned-country superstar’s first-ever chart-topping album.

Beautifully Broken finished its debut week with 161,000 equivalent album units — the artist’s best week to date — and 58.86 million streams. The first week was primarily driven by 114,000 album sales. Meanwhile, Rod Wave makes his seventh consecutive appearance in the Top 10, with Last Lap debuting at Number Two with 127,000 equivalent album units earned. Charli XCX‘s Brat bounds back up the chart from 14 to the third spot, following the release of the Brat remix on Oct. 11. It earned 105,000 equivalent album units.

	This week marks a new career high for Jelly Roll, who hit Number Three last year with his breakthrough album Whitsitt Chapel last year. Beautifully Broken also achieves the third-largest week, by units, for any country album in 2024, following Beyoncé’s Cowboy Carter and Post Malone’s F-1 Trillion.

	











	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Walton Goggins Shuts Down Interview Over Aimee Lou Wood Questions		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Piper Rockelle Has a Lot to Say About That Netflix Documentary		
	








	Other than Jelly Roll, Rod Wave, and Charli, Sabrina Carpenter’s previously Number One-charting Short N’ Sweet slips from Number Two to Number Four, while GloRilla’s Glorious bows at Number Five, making it her highest charting album and earning the artist her first Top 10.

	With the albums list out, all eyes now turn to the Hot 100, where Shaboozey’s “A Bar Song (Tipsy)” is a strong contender for yet another week on top. The hit track has taken the Number One spot on the singles chart for the past 14 consecutive weeks.
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.