Jordan Davis co-hosts with Carly Pearce the ACM Honors, which airs Sept. 24 on Merit Street Media.

													By
												

	Jessica Nicholson


	Since launching his career nearly a decade ago, Louisiana native Jordan Davis has added a string of titles to his resume: including five-time Billboard Country Airplay chart-topping artist, purveyor of two RIAA platinum-certified albums (his 2018 album Home State and 2023 album Bluebird Days), hit songwriter, and reigning Academy of Country Music Awards song of the year winner (for “Next Thing You Know,” which he wrote with Josh Osborne, Chase McGill and Greylan James).





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Mase Wants Fans to Vote If He Should Attend Diddy's Trial		
	



	05/02/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Carly Pearce		
					






















	
		
					Jordan Davis		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	For the 17th annual ACM Honors, which were held Aug. 21 at Nashville’s Ryman Auditorium and will air Tuesday night (Sept. 24) on Merit Street starting at 9 p.m. ET, Davis is adding a new appellation: awards ceremony co-host, as he joins four-time ACM Honors host Carly Pearce in guiding this year’s show.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	The ACM Honors marks an annual reunion of sorts for country music’s community of artists and behind-the-scenes musicians and executives, who are feted for their accomplishments and long-term contributions to the genre.

	“It’s just a special night to get to honor so many people that we see throughout the year,” the MCA Nashville-signed Davis tells Billboard. “Whether it be from a venue side, from a booking side, management side, publishing side — that night is special for us to get to say thank you to them, and to show everybody just how important their roles are in this whole music industry. That’s my favorite part of that night. It’s a homecoming.”

	Fans packed the 2,362-person capacity Ryman to celebrate this year’s honorees, which include ACM poet’s award winners Alan Jackson and Walt Aldridge, ACM triple crown award winner and milestone award winner Lainey Wilson, ACM icon award winners Tony Brown and Trisha Yearwood, ACM lifting lives award recipient Luke Bryan, ACM lift every voice award honoree Shannon Sanders, ACM songwriter of the year Jessie Jo Dillon and ACM songwriter-artist of the year Chris Stapleton.

	The evening featured performances and/or presentations from Lauren Alaina, Jason Aldean, Eric Church, Terri Clark, Davis, Jackson Dean, Vince Gill, Emmylou Harris, Tyler Hubbard, Jamey Johnson, Post Malone, Kameron Marlowe, Ashley McBryde, Pearce, Keith Urban and Lee Ann Womack.

	Davis also gives credit to his co-host and fellow performer Pearce with making his first ACM Honors co-hosting gig “as easy and comfortable as possible.” He adds, “She is such a pro at this and just crushed it. From studying the script before making changes, to the final read through we had, Carly made changes that just made everything flow easier and read easier. She’s just such a pro.”

	










	Though the evening meant a hectic pace for both Pearce and Davis, he says they did have moments earlier in the day to take in some of the top-shelf collaborations that dotted the evening.

	“We had to be there early, so we got to see the entire soundcheck,” Davis says. “I got to sit there and watch Vince Gill and Ashley McBryde run through [Gill’s “When I Call Your Name”] in an empty Ryman Auditorium. I was almost moved to tears. Vince is just such an icon in the genre and having him and Ashley together, it was really moving.”

	Asked about the possibility of co-hosting future ACM Honors ceremonies, he says, “Absolutely, I’d do it again in a heartbeat. I guess we’ll have to see. It’s like we did the test and we’re waiting on the grade. I don’t have a doubt in the world that they’ll ask Carly to host again, but if they ask me to do it, I would love to.”

	Given that Davis is a writer on each of his five No. 1 Country Airplay hits “Slow Dance in a Parking Lot,” “Singles You Up,” “Tucson Too Late,” and the two-week chart-toppers “What My World Spins Around” and “Buy Dirt” (with Luke Bryan), it is notable that his new release, “I Ain’t Sayin’,” is one he didn’t write.

	“I Ain’t Sayin'” was written by Travis Wood, Steve Moakler, Mark Holman, and Emily Reid, and produced by Paul DiGiovanni. As an early taste of music from Davis’ upcoming project, the Red Light Management-aligned artist says the song harkens back to some of his earlier work.

	“This truly is a town where, in my opinion, the best songwriters in the world live,” Davis says. “I’ve been trying to write something that kind of took me back to the Home State record and those early albums that I felt like my fans were missing. ‘Buy Dirt’ and ‘Next Thing You Know’ were songs that changed my life and I love them. Whenever the fans that we’ve gotten from ‘Buy Dirt’ and ‘Next Thing You Know’ come to a show, I don’t want them to be shocked when they see the other half of my shows are these kinds of songs. I’m really happy that they wrote that song with me in mind and sent it to me first. It is one of my favorite songs to perform right now. The first time I heard it, I was like, ‘It feels like something I would’ve written.’”

	










	The WME-aligned Davis has spent the majority of this year on his current headlining D—n Good Time Tour, which picks back up in October with a slate of shows in Canada. At this point in his career, each album brings with it the potential to add more chart-topping hits to his concerts, a notion he says has now helped shape how he approaches making an album.

	“I’ve never had to make a record in the sense of looking at my live show. Touring is something that has become something that I truly love. I’ve always let the best song lead, and now I’m making a record in the spots that I think my live show might be missing. I was kind of missing those ‘Home State’ sounds that me and [producer] Paul [DiGiovanni] recorded at his house. A lot of things have changed since then and my writing style has changed. I think both me and Paul wanted to get back to where it all started. We’re still going to have some songs in there about my kids and my family because that’s just where I am right now in my life. But yeah, [we’re] definitely going back to some early sounds.”

	He estimates he will be finished recording the new project around November: “We’re cutting four more songs next week. December and January is kind of my family time, but I would expect a record maybe early next year.”

	Pearce and Davis not only co-hosted the ACM Honors, but they teamed up to honor Jackson with a rendition of his 1991 hit “Don’t Rock the Jukebox.” Looking ahead to his next project, Davis is hopeful for another possible collaboration with Pearce.

	“Carly Pearce has been a friend of mine for a long time, and I think we’ve got a couple of writes coming up that we’re going to try to nail something down we can do together,” he says. “This is actually the first time I’ve ever really singled out an artist, in a sense of Carly and been like, ‘Hey, we’ve got to do something together.’ Most of the time I kind let the song kind of pick where it goes. It’d be a cool thing for us to get to put something out together.”
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.