Our AI assistant is ready to help 
 Words:   Bea Mitchell  
 | 2 min read 
Immersive rooms are designed to trigger a dopamine rush
Designer toy brand Superplastic has unveiled its new attraction for Area15 in Las Vegas – the Dopeameme Institute for Pleasure Research (D.I.P.R.).
Opening this autumn, Dopeameme is a cutting-edge experiential project by Superplastic, which creates vinyl art toys and digital experiences using its original characters.
The brand is known for its high-profile collaborations with the likes of Mercedes-Benz, Gucci, Fortnite, Tommy Hilfiger, The Weeknd, Post Malone and more.
Superplastic’s first-ever physical location offers an immersive, story-driven experience. Guests will be active participants as they explore mind-bending rooms, each designed to trigger a dopamine rush. 
During the 40-minute journey, they will enjoy interactive visual, auditory and tactile experiences, and photo opportunities. 
At the end of the attraction, they will receive a personalised digital profile with photos, as well as a recommended Dopeameme “prescription” that can be purchased at the retail store. This will sell Superplastic merchandise and will be open to Dopeameme and Area15 visitors.
“D.I.P.R. marks a major leap in Superplastic’s mission to expand our digital dreams and IP character universe into an unforgettable, IRL experience for fans,” said Superplastic CEO Jennifer van Dijk. 
“Area15’s pioneering success as a hub for next-gen entertainment provides us with a prime location, where we’re inviting visitors to actively participate in a story-driven adventure that’s as interactive as it is captivating. 
“This is the next evolution of Superplastic’s legacy, converging in an unparalleled Las Vegas experience.”
Area15, an immersive entertainment district, is already home to unique attractions like Meow Wolf‘s Omega Mart, Illuminarium, and Wink World: Portals Into the Infinite.
The City of Las Vegas is moving forward with plans to expand Area15 on 35.5 acres north of the current site. The expansion’s anchor tenant will be a year-round attraction from Universal Destinations & Experiences called Horror Unleashed.
Images courtesy of Area15 and Superplastic
Get the latest attractions industry news direct to your inbox, every day.
 More from this author 
Blooloop is taking climate action and is now B Corp Certified.
Become part of the Blooloop community:
 Your web browser is out of date. Update your browser for more security, speed and the best experience on this site.