ByKimberly A. Whitler
ByKimberly A. Whitler,
 Senior Contributor. 
Paris City Hall Unveils Olympic Rings At Le Trocadero In Paris.  (Photo by Chesnot/Getty Images)
The Olympics is not just a time for athletes, but an opportunity for big brands to leverage the power of the moment to engage with and strengthen their relationships with consumers across the globe. And it isn’t cheap. The International Olympics Committee indicates that the 15 global sponsors will invest roughly $3 billion.
To better understand how such companies view sponsorships of the Olympics and Olympians, I turned to Frank Cooper III, the CMO of Visa. Below, Cooper shared first-hand experience regarding why the Olympics matter to sponsors, how Visa has leveraged the Olympics historically, key learnings from those experiences, and plans for this year.
Why the Olympics Matter to Sponsors
Some of the world’s most respected brands are regular sponsors of the Olympics, from Coke to Procter & Gamble . Visa has been a sponsor of the Olympics for nearly 40 years. Cooper indicates that the Olympics matter because “on one level, our sponsorship of the Olympics recognizes the sheer magnitude of the Olympics – more than 11,000 athletes competing in 42 sports – as well as the majesty of the Games from the Opening Ceremonies to the Closing Ceremonies. There’s an inherent urgency and excitement in live sports, and the Olympics symbolizes the highest level of competition where every competition is a story being written in real time. Visa believes that it has the opportunity through our sponsorship to add value to the fan experience and the athlete experience.”
Cooper further suggests that “the Olympics represent commerce, generating billions of dollars in economic impact and spurring transactions across ticketing, mass transit, small businesses and e-commerce. As the top payments brand in the world, we seek to remove friction from transactions and to open up new opportunities for commerce for more and more people. The Olympics provide an environment for us to do so at scale across virtually every region of the world.
Ultimately, the Olympics matter to Visa and hopefully for all sponsors because the values of the Olympics align with our and their values. The Olympic Games is a sports festival, but it is also a movement that seeks to build mutual understanding and connection among all people across the continents around the world. Our values align with this mission of global connectedness and inclusivity. And, the Paris 2024 Olympics will be the most inclusive Olympics in history. The Games serve as a reminder that we are all part of something bigger than ourselves and that we can all play a part in moving the world forward together. We believe deeply in the power of sport to inspire and bring people together, and there’s no bigger international stage for that than the Olympics.”
How Visa Has Leveraged the Olympics To Strengthen the Brand and Business
Companies invest in the Olympics expecting something in return. Cooper explains that “when Visa first became a sponsor of the Olympics, our primary focus was on conveying the message that Visa is accepted everywhere, homing in on the fact that Visa was the only card accepted at the ticketing booths during the Games. As our relationship with the Olympics evolved, we expanded our focus to the Olympic athletes.
For 2024, we have 147 Olympic and Paralympic athletes from 60 different countries on Team Visa. We support the Team Visa athletes in both their athletic endeavors and, equally important, support them in their ambitions beyond the field – such as building their skills as creators, providing pathways for work after their athletic endeavors, sharing their stories to inspire the next generation of youth. It’s also worth noting that Visa was the first global sponsor of the International Paralympic Committee (IPC) and has sponsored every Paralympic Games since 2002. At Paris 2024, we're proud that we've been able to increase the representation of Paralympic athletes more than four-fold compared to Tokyo 2020.”
In addition to supporting brand building, sponsoring the Olympics can also be a powerful venue to introduce new products, technologies, and innovations. Cooper explains “...we consistently use the global stage of the Olympics to introduce new payment technologies. During the London Games in 2012, we promoted the idea of ‘contactless payments’. At Río 2016, we introduced the first-ever NFC-enabled, tokenized wearable – the Visa payment ring. In Tokyo in 2020, we focused on the convenience and security of cashless payments, which dovetailed with Japan’s ambition of a ‘cashless Japan’.
This year, Visa will launch Visa Go, a new mobile application for Visa cardholders visiting the Olympic and Paralympic Games. It will offer access to unique experiences and exclusive content, spotlighting Team Visa athletes and sharing their progress during the Games. The app will also offer a curated selection of discounts and offers from retailer official partners and local shops and restaurants. Fans can purchase a virtual Visa prepaid card through Visa Go, if needed.”
Frank Cooper III, Chief Marketing Officer, Visa, welcomes athletes to the Paris 2024 Team Visa ... More Summit on Tuesday, Oct. 31, 2023 at the SO Hotel in Paris (Thomas Padilla/AP Images for Visa)
Key Insights From Sponsorship
With extensive experience sponsoring the Olympics and Olympians, Cooper explained that “viewing the sponsorship as the goal in and of itself does not work. We view the act of sponsorship as just the beginning. Our goal is to add value to the experiences of the athletes, the fans, and the communities surrounding the Olympic Games.
We have learned that a brand can accomplish the goal in several ways. You can empower athletes to empower others. Earlier this year, we hosted the Team Visa Summit in Paris at the Palais de Tokyo. We brought in key influencers and creators, music producers, executives from social media platforms to help the athletes on Team Visa strengthen their capabilities as creators and creatives – to become better communicators and storytellers, so that they can become even more effective in motivating others.
We have learned that tapping into cultural adjacencies can, if done well, also work. We launched Visa Live at Le Louvre in May as a prelude to Paris 2024 Olympics. It was the first-of-its-kind music event featuring Post Malone, Ayra Star, RaiNao and DJ Kungs – artists from different backgrounds and genres, representing the inclusiveness of this year’s Olympics. In addition, Visa has commissioned six well-known artists to create dedicated Paris 2024 works in Paris metro stations, on billboards and in the communities surrounding Central Paris.
We have learned that giving access to the Games goes beyond tickets for attendees. It also extends to the communities surrounding the physical Games. To that end, our hope with Visa Go is that it will help drive traffic to Paris’ small businesses, helping visitors experience the city like locals.
Beyond the Olympics
The Olympics are often a platform for future marketing efforts. When queried, Cooper suggested that “for the balance of the calendar year, we will continue to strengthen our connection to culture and commerce. We are all-in on the Creator Economy and will develop platforms and will integrate Visa products to facilitate more value exchange for creators with less friction in their paying and getting paid.
We plan to continue to expand our presence in video gaming. We have partnered with Roblox, developing a financial literacy game within its platform, leveraging Roblox for the livestream of the Visa Live at Le Louvre event, and developing a virtual Olympics world in collaboration with the International Olympic Committee.
In our new brand film, ‘Prodigies’, we feature extraordinary talent such as Pharrell, Iga Swiatek, Sky Brown and others. We intend to bring the message of the film to life through a deeper partnership with each of the protagonists in the film.”
Join the Discussion: @KimWhitler