Kim Petras became the first openly transgender artist to win in a major category at the Grammy Awards in 2023
Singer Kim Petras has cancelled all of her summer festival performances this year due to "health issues".
In a statement on X she said she was "devastated to be writing" the message but made the decision "under medical advice".
The German pop star didn't specify what medical problems she was experiencing. 
She had been scheduled to appear at the Primavera Sound festival in Barcelona in May and London's Mighty Hoopla festival in June.
She told fans: "I love u so much and I'll make it up to you and be back better than ever very soon."
In 2023, Petras became the first openly transgender artist to win in a major category at the Grammy Awards for her collaboration with Sam Smith, Unholy, in the best pop duo/group performance category.
The song also marked her first UK number one hit, and she told Newsbeat at the time: "I'm really grateful. Of course, as a kid I would have loved to see someone getting number one in the UK as a trans woman or trans man."
Kim Petras on sexual liberation and fighting TikTok
Kim Petras: Chart success makes me want to cry
Petras also appeared in Jennifer Lopez's film This Is Me... Now: A Love Story, alongside Jane Fonda, Post Malone, Sofia Vergara and Keke Palmer.
The 31-year-old has also had to cancel performances at the Primavera Sound festival in Porto and the Capitol Hill Block Party in Seattle.
Follow Newsbeat on Instagram, external, Facebook, external, Twitter, external and YouTube, external.
Listen to Newsbeat live at 12:45 and 17:45 weekdays - or listen back here.
Kim Petras on sexual liberation and fighting TikTok
Kim Petras: Chart success makes me want to cry
'This is the real me, not a persona'
Australia PM Albanese makes stunning comeback with landslide win
Three things to know about the Australian election result
Harry's emotional avalanche hits the Royal Family
Local elections 2025 in maps and charts
Chris Mason: Fireworks for Reform as Labour and Tories write election post-mortems
'Reform revolution' and 'Prince Harry bombshell'
Watch: Prince Harry's exclusive interview in full
Harry's emotional avalanche hits the Royal Family
'I saved my ID card and my dog': Israel expands demolitions of West Bank refugee homes
Five things you may have missed in Sycamore Gap trial
Nepo babies or superstars in waiting?
Politics Essential: Get the latest news and analysis delivered to your inbox every weekday
The songs that shaped Chappell Roan 
Your 'Couch to 5K' journey with Giovanna
Unmissable crime drama with Sean Bean
Bizarre crimes with brazen criminals
Copyright © 2025 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.