Plant-Based

Food + Lifestyle

Get the world's #1 plant‑based magazine

Last Chance: Own a Vegan Restaurant!


Get our Best of Vegan Issue FREE


Our 2025 VegNews Vacations


Thousands of Plant-Based Recipes


Become a VegNews VIP


by
Anna Starostinetskaya


July 16, 2024

Amazon Prime Day 2024 is upon us, offering an excellent opportunity to snag some of the best products at unbeatable prices. Whether you’re looking to upgrade your kitchen gadgets, stock up on cruelty-free beauty essentials, or find delicious plant-based snacks, this year’s Prime Day will have you hundreds of dollars on essentials. 
Prime Day, celebrated in both July and October, is a highlight for Amazon Prime members, transforming your annual membership fee into a treasure trove of savings. This two-day event is when you can get your hands on high-quality products at a fraction of the regular price.
RELATED: 25 Amazon Prime Day Deals For Your Kitchen, From Air Fryers to Juicers
You can find virtually all kinds of savings from state-of-the-art kitchen appliances to nutritious snacks and eco-friendly household products during Prime Day. Here are 20 standout deals you won’t want to miss this year.
Perhaps the most quintessential kitchen gadget of all, we wait all year for Vitamix blenders to go on sale. The powerful blender is a must-have tool for all your soup, smoothie, and sauce-making needs. The classic Propel 750 model is a whopping $230 off the regular price. shop now
Ninja
For a more affordable but still powerful blender option, Ninja products are really top-notch. The BL642 model features a 1,200-watt engine that will crush ice with ease. This blender comes with to-go cups in three sizes so you can take your smoothies to the gym. Shop now
Zojirushi
A rice cooker is essential in any kitchen. This one features a 3-cup (uncooked) rice capacity which means you can make a variety of bowls, sushi, and more. Plus, you can even make steel-cut oatmeal in this stainless steel cooker while you get ready for work in the morning. Shop now
Amumu
A single cold-pressed juice is an expensive daily habit. Amumu’s cold press juicer can help cut costs while maintaining healthy juice habits. This machine has an extra large chute, easy cleaning features, and slow juicing technology to help you get the most out of your produce. Shop now
Cosori
Making an entire meal in an air fryer is not only possible but highly recommended, as cooking in this way cuts out a lot of oil. This Cosori model has nine functions and fits enough food to feed a group of four, which means dinner party classics such as French fries, cauliflower wings, and so much more can be ready at the push of a button. Shop now
DeLonghi
Getting a latte at any coffee shop these days costs a pretty penny, which makes crafting them at home a much more cost-effective option over time. The Magnifica Evo with Automatic Milk takes the guesswork out of steaming your plant-based milks for the perfect lattes, cappuccinos, macchiatos, and more.  Shop now
Nutricook
Multi-tasking cookware is perfect for small kitchens and easy clean up. This ceramic one-pan wonder from Nutricook does it all when it comes to sautéing, steaming, frying, searing, broiling, boiling, straining, baking, roasting, and braising. Plus, it’s free from chemicals, nonstick, and oven-safe.Shop now 
Farberware
Sad about soggy greens? This salad spinner can fix that in a jiffy. The Faberware version features a large 6.6-quart capacity and a non-slip base to get your greens clean and dry in no time. Plus, it doubles as a colander and bowl for serving. Shop now
Mueller
Have a healthy disdain for chopping veggies by hand? Mueller’s 10-in-1 chopper can save you some precious time in the kitchen. This eight-blade chopper will slice and dice just about any veggie which means you can say goodbye to onion tears. Shop now
Nectarlife
This vegan beauty brand offers a wide range of pastel-hued products for bath and body, including soaps, scrubs, lip butters, and body lotions. You can get a deep discount on select items, including sugar body scrubs and hand wash, during Amazon Prime Day. Shop now
Youth to the People
If you’re obsessed with eating superfoods, this vegan beauty product is for you. Youth to the People’s famous facial cleanser promises to deliver a juice cleanse for your face with whole food extracts from kale, spinach, and green tea.Shop now
Outstanding Foods
These cheeseballs are a dairy-free take on the original bar snack made by vegan company Outstanding Foods. You can choose a variety box of all four flavors—Chedda, Jalapeño Chedda, Bacon Chedda, and Garlic Parmesan—in either a pack of 12 or 24, 1.25-ounce bags. Either way, you’ll be sneaking these snacks into the movie theater all summer long. Shop now
Bobo’s
Made with wholesome oats, Bobo’s bars quench cravings for sweet and chewy snacks while at the same time delivering a boost of nutrition. Stock up on a variety pack of 12 bars in Original, Chocolate Chip, and Coconut flavors to fill lunch boxes year-round. Shop now
Poppi
Sugary sodas got a modern makeover with Poppi which is made from a blend of fruit juice, apple cider vinegar, and inulin prebiotics. The drink has become a celeb favorite, enjoyed by the likes of Billie Eilish, JLo, and Post Malone. Right now, you can get a number of variety packs curated in flavor combos such as Beach Party, The Classics, and Party Starters. Shop now
Kourtney Kardashian created this vegan wellness brand to help consumers address a variety of issues. Lemme features targeted products to help curb cravings, improve digestive health, balance vaginal health, and enhance metabolism. Select vitamins are on sale from 25 to 48 percent off during Amazon Prime Day. Shop now
Vega
Vega’s vegan protein powder has been getting us through our tough workouts for years. Currently, 4-pound tubs (45 servings) of the plant-based protein powder are 33 to 39 percent off in flavors such as Vanilla, Chocolate, Peanut Butter, Mocha, and Berry. Shop now
Aloha
If you love chocolate chip cookie dough as much as we do, Aloha has an Amazon Prime Deal you can’t live without. The brand’s protein bars are low in sugar, feature nutritious ingredients, and taste just like dessert.Shop now
Daily Harvest
If you’re stuck in a basic smoothie rut, Daily Harvest has blender-ready mixes in exciting flavors such as Banana Almond, Mango Greens, and Mint Cacao, all packed with whole food ingredients. 
Daily Harvest has dropped the price of its 8-pack smoothies to coincide with Amazon Prime Day with curated variety packs such as Fruity Faves, Indulgent Faves, Get Your Greens Faves, All Time Faves, and Protein Faves.   Shop now
Owyn
Protein shakes are a go-to quick meal option and Owyn offers a variety of flavors made with plant-based protein from peas, pumpkin seeds, and flax—with added prebiotics for gut health. During the sale, you can choose single flavors such as Cold Brew Coffee, Strawberry Banana, Dark Chocolate, Smooth Vanilla, and Cookies & Creamless, or go for a three-flavor variety pack. Shop now
Pals
Back to school is just around the corner and these adorable cotton socks are great for kids with big personalities. Each pair is mismatched in options in animal and food themes such as Cat & Dogs, Burger & Fries, and Chips & Guac. The adult versions of these socks are also on sale at $12.37 per pair.Shop now
DON'T MISS OUT: Get breaking news, recipes, and our weekly vegan deal by signing up for our FREE VegNewsletter


JUMP TO
...

Latest
News
|
Recipes
|
Guides
|
Health
|
Subscribe

Anna Starostinetskaya is always keeping an eye on all things vegan in her home city of San Francisco, CA and everywhere else. 
Here at VegNews, we live and breathe the plant-based lifestyle, and only recommend products we feel make our lives amazing. Occasionally, articles may include shopping links where we might earn a small commission, but in no way does this effect the editorial integrity of VegNews.
Become a VegNews VIP for product deals, freebies, and perks galore!
CHECK IT OUT
Become a VegNews VIP for product deals, freebies, and perks galore!
CHECK IT OUT
Never miss out on breaking stories, recipes, and deals
All things plant‑based,in your mailbox and inbox

by
Charlotte Pointing


by
Charlotte Pointing


by
Charlotte Pointing


by
Charlotte Pointing


by
Charlotte Pointing


by
Charlotte Pointing

Never miss out on breaking stories, recipes, and deals
All things plant‑based, in your mailbox and inbox
Get the world's #1 plant-based magazine
Copyright © 2025 Fresh Healthy Media, LLC