Manage your account
NICHOLASVILLE, Ky. (FOX 56) — “You aren’t a country artist until you’ve played this,” Brad Paisley said, pointing at the Grand Ole Opry stage on Wednesday evening.
Over the past year, music fans have watched Post Malone integrate himself into the world of country music. In June, the Grammy Award-winning rapper announced that his country album “F1 Trillion” would be released on Aug. 16, featuring iconic names like Dolly Parton, Hank Williams Jr., Billy Strings, and even Kentucky native Chris Stapleton.
 Reba McEntire, Post Malone and Andra Day to sing during Super Bowl pregame 
On Wednesday evening, Brad Paisley, who’s also featured on the album, welcomed Post Malone to the Opry Circle.
“What’s going on Nashville? My name is Austin Richard Post,” he said.
But he wasn’t alone. He brought a whole lineup of country stars to accompany him, including Nicholasville native John Michael Montgomery.
Circle All Access caught up with Walker Montgomery, John Michael’s performing artist son, ahead of the performance.
“He’s excited and as soon as Post called him and asked him to do it, he said yes. He learned about Post when he was watching the ACMs,” Walker said. “He called me and was like, ‘Man I like this Post Malone guy.’ They talked about what they could do together, and this is what they ended up on.”
This isn’t technically Post’s introduction to country music. The Circle reported that his first-ever gig was playing country covers in an Italian restaurant in his Texas hometown.
 Read more of the latest Lexington & central Kentucky news 
“How cool it is to rock out to people that I’ve listened to my whole entire life,” Post said before he welcomed John Michael to join him to perform his 1994 hit “Be My Baby Tonight.”
“Welcome to Nashville, Post,” John Michael said. “Glad to have you here buddy. I have to say I’m impressed with the videos I saw of you singing some of my songs.”
The crowd went wild as the two embraced before Post invited the next guest up.
“I’m having the frickin best time of my life,” Post said as he smiled from ear to ear.
Lexington man accused of shooting dog during burglary
Trial begins for former KSP trooper accused of beating Kentucky man during arrest
Kentucky State Police investigating officer-involved shooting in Carroll County
Walker emphasized that Wednesday’s performance is a sign that Post has been welcomed into the country music scene with open arms.
“You can tell when people are genuine, and he genuinely loves country music,” Walker told Circle All Access. “Post loves it, he was raised around it, and he can sing it really well and I think that’s why he’s been accepted with open arms, because he’s genuine.”
“F-1 Trillion” will be available on Friday, wherever you listen to music.
“Welcome to country music,” Lainey Wilson said.
Here’s a look at what’s to come:
Wrong Ones (featuring Tim McGraw)
Finer Things (featuring Hank Williams Jr.)
I Had Some Help (featuring Morgan Wallen)
Pour Me a Drink (featuring Blake Shelton)
Have the Heart (featuring Dolly Parton)
What Don’t Belong to Me
Goes Without Saying (featuring Brad Paisley)
Guy For That (featuring Luke Combs)
Nosedive (featuring Lainey Wilson)
Losers (featuring Jelly Roll)
Devil I’ve Been (featuring Ernest)
Never Love You Again (featuring Sierra Ferrell)
Missin’ You Like This (featuring Luke Combs)
California Sober (featuring Chris Stapleton)
Hide My Gun (featuring HARDY)
Right About You (LYRICS)
M-E-X-I-C-O (featuring Billy Strings)
Yours
You can watch Post’s Grand Ole Opry debut here.
Copyright 2024 Nexstar Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
 For the latest news, weather, sports, and streaming video, head to FOX 56 News.