On the new Billboard Pop Shop Podcast, Katie & Keith are checking in on this year's race, with a little help from Gary Trust & Jason Lipshutz.

	Is the 2024 Song of the Summer race already over or just getting started?

	On the new Billboard Pop Shop Podcast, Katie & Keith are talking about who will end this summer atop our Songs of the Summer chart. Post Malone‘s “I Had Some Help,” featuring Morgan Wallen, has ruled Songs of the Summer since the chart returned in late May, but does it have some current competition that could take the lead? Or maybe a song that hasn’t even been released yet?

	We consulted our Billboard colleagues Gary Trust (managing director, charts and data operations) and Jason Lipshutz (executive director, music and founding Pop Shop Podcast co-host) for their insight. They offer up what the strongest contenders are and also do some wishful thinking about how the rest of the summer could play out.

	To hear what they had to say and Katie & Keith’s full discussion, check out the brand-new episode below:

	










			Trending on Billboard		






The Billboard Pop Shop Podcast is your one-stop shop for all things pop on Billboard‘s weekly charts. You can always count on a lively discussion about the latest pop news, fun chart stats and stories, new music, and guest interviews with music stars and folks from the world of pop. Casual pop fans and chart junkies can hear Billboard‘s executive digital director, West Coast, Katie Atkinson and Billboard’s managing director, charts and data operations, Keith Caulfield every week on the podcast, which can be streamed on Billboard.com or downloaded in Apple Podcasts or your favorite podcast provider. (Click here to listen to the previous edition of the show on Billboard.com.)
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.