By JANE HERZ FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  20:18, 29 March 2024   |  Updated:  20:21, 29 March 2024   
 33
View  comments
It looks like Levi's is a proud members of Beyoncé's 'Beyhive' fandom, as the brand has temporarily changed its name to match one of the tracks from her new Cowboy Carter album.
The album - Act II of her Renaissance series - debuted on Friday, and featured a song called Levii's Jeans with musician Post Malone.
Joining in on the fun, Levi's changed its name and logo on Instagram to 'Levii's,' which was reflected in the profile picture.
In their bio, the famed denim brand wrote, 'FKA [Formerly known as] Levi's,' along with an emoji of a bee - something that's often used as a symbol of the singer's fans and community.
In honor of Beyoncé's new album, the brand changed their name and profile picture on Instagram to 'Levii's' 
The album - Act II of her Renaissance series - debuted on March 29, and featured a song called Levii's Jeans with musician Post Malone
The brand joined in on the fun, updating their logo to reflect Beyoncé's nod to the brand
It seems like the cheeky change is a hit so far with the Texas-born superstar's fans. 
In the comments section of some of Levi's recent Instagram posts, aficionados of the brand and Beyoncé seemed ecstatic about the nod to the star, with many leaving trails of bee emojis. 
'Love that you guys changed the profile picture because of Beyoncé,' one person wrote.
Another agreed, 'Pleasee I'm living for the beyoncee caption.'
'Oh yall in the hive? Lemmy pull my Levis outta retirement,' someone else joked. 
Others even suggested that the brand could soon sell out after they got the shout-out on her new album.
'So like I hope you guys have enough stock because it's gonna be an interesting few months for you #cowboycarter,' one user typed.
A second person wrote, 'Lmao she about to make y'all sell out. IYKYK.'
In the comments section of some of the brand's recent Instagram posts, fans seemed to be loving the nod to the singer's new album
Cowboy Carter marks the 42-year-old's eighth studio album, and features a 27-song tracklist
'Oh yall in the hive? Lemmy pull my Levis outta retirement,' someone else joked in the comments section of Levi's Instagram posts
Cowboy Carter marks the pop star's eighth studio album, and features 27 songs in the country music genre.
It even includes a cover of Dolly Parton's 1973 hit Jolene, but with a few of the hitmaker's own lyrics. 
The album also includes collaborations with Miley Cyrus and Shaboozey. 
The legendary Willie Nelson also appears on the album as a DJ, along with Parton, as they provide interludes from the record's KNTRY radio station.
Beyoncé first dropped a single from Cowboy Carter in February, titled Texas Hold 'Em, which earned her the top spot on Billboard's Hot 100 - the ninth time in her career. 
The star also made history with the chart-topping record, becoming the first Black female artist to have a number one song on Billboard’s Hot Country Songs chart.
In a press release on Friday morning, Beyoncé said that she relied on 'real instruments' to make this album, which took five years to create. 
'The joy of creating music is that there are no rules,' Beyoncé said. 'The more I see the world evolving the more I felt a deeper connection to purity.'
The star also made history with the chart-topping record, becoming the first Black female artist to have a top song on Billboard’s Hot Country Songs chart
Beyoncé dropped the first single from Cowboy Carter in February, titled Texas Hold 'Em
'The joy of creating music is that there are no rules,' Beyoncé said in a press release on Friday
'With artificial intelligence and digital filters and programming, I wanted to go back to real instruments, and I used very old ones,' she continued. 'I didn't want some layers of instruments like strings, especially guitars, and organs perfectly in tune.'
'I kept some songs raw and leaned into folk. All the sounds were so organic and human, everyday things like the wind, snaps and even the sound of birds and chickens, the sounds of nature.'
The press release also noted that the album was 'a cornucopia of sounds that Beyoncé loves, and grew up listening to,' which included those from visits to the Houston Rodeo. 
'I think people are going to be surprised because I don't think this music is what everyone expects,' Beyoncé said, 'but it's the best music I've ever made.'
DailyMail.com has reached out to Levi's for comment.  

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group