Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
It's Spotify's most-streamed album in a single week — after only five days.

							By 

	Kimberly Nordyke

Managing Editor, Digital

Taylor Swift has broken another record.

	The singer’s new album, The Tortured Poets Department, is now Spotify‘s most-streamed album in a single week — after only five days.



	On Wednesday, it passed 1 billion streams since its April 19 release.

	This marks the latest record for Swift’s new album. On the day of its release, it became the first album in Spotify history to notch more than 300 million streams in a single day. Swift also holds the record as the most-streamed artist in a single day, breaking her previous record for 1989 (Taylor’s Version) on Oct. 27.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	Business
			



	
		
					Spotify Adds Record Number of Users in Quarter, Paid Subscribers Hit 268M		
			














	
	Business
			



	
		
					Spotify Exec Liz Gateley Forms New Production Company		
			








	Swift now boasts the three most-streamed albums in a single day on Spotify, with Tortured Poets followed by Midnights and 1989 (Taylor’s Version). 

	The debut single, “Fortnight,” featuring Post Malone, became the most-streamed song in a single day.

	The day before Tortured Poets’ release, the album became the most pre-saved album countdown page in Spotify history. 

	Pegged to the album’s release last week, Swift in a social media post called Tortured Poets “an anthology of new works that reflect events, opinions and sentiments from a fleeting and fatalistic moment in time — one that was both sensational and sorrowful in equal measure.”

	“This period of the author’s life is now over, the chapter closed and boarded up,” she continued. “There is nothing to avenge, no scores to settle once wounds have healed. And upon further reflection, a good number of them turned out to be self-inflicted. This writer is of the firm belief that our tears become holy in the form of ink on a page. Once we have spoken our saddest story, we can be free of it. And then all that’s left behind is the tortured poetry.”

See The Hollywood Reporter’s rankings of all the songs on Tortured Poets and The Anthology.
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.