Super Bowl LIX touches down at Caesars Superdome in New Orleans on Feb. 9 with a halftime show from Kendrick Lamar. Here's how to save up to $1,000 off tickets. 

													By
												

	Latifah Muhammad


	All products and services featured are independently chosen by editors. However, Billboard may receive a commission on orders placed through its retail links, and the retailer may receive certain auditable data for accounting purposes.

Super Bowl-bound! Kendrick Lamar headlines the halftime show at Super Bowl LIX on Sunday, Feb. 9.

	Despite commanding plenty of stages throughout his career, a solo Super Bowl halftime show will be Lamar’s largest stage yet. And the Super Bowl won’t be the only time fans get to watch him perform live in 2025: The hip-hop star announced the Grand National Tour with SZA starting at U.S. Bank Stadium in Minneapolis on Saturday, April 19, as well.

	The Super Bowl is one of the biggest sporting events of the year, watched by tens of millions of viewers, and now that the Big Game is almost here, fans are scooping up tickets fast.





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Usher Says His Super Bowl Halftime Show Will Honor Black Artists of the Past		
	



	02/03/2024	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	





		Explore	

















	
		
					Kendrick Lamar		
					


See latest videos, charts and news



See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	The AFC champions and NFC champions face off in this year’s Super Bowl, which takes place at Caesars Superdome in New Orleans on Sunday, Feb. 9.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	Keep reading for details on Super Bowl ticket prices and more.

	How much do Super Bowl tickets cost? Super Bowl tickets are notoriously high priced and costs upwards of a whopping $8,600 per ticket in 2024, but ticket prices began to drop closer to the date of the Big Game.

	Like with any large event, ticket prices can vary depending on demand and seat location and you’ll probably have to comb through multiple ticket sites to score the best price. To save you some time, we did some of the searching for you.

	Where can you buy cheap Super Bowl tickets? Right now, the cheapest tickets we’ve seen start at $4,600, not including fees. If ticket prices are anything like last year, you might be able to find cheaper tickets now that we’re closer to Super Bowl Sunday, but nothing’s guaranteed, so it’s best to get tickets as soon as possible.

	At Ticketmaster, the official ticketing partner of the NFL, Super Bowl VIP tickets are split into five different packages: On the Fifty, Club 67, Touchdown Club, Kickoff Club and Playmaker’s Club.

	Each package offers a range of VIP amenities including postgame field access packages, pregame parties, open bar, chef-curated menus, appearances from NFL icons, interactive games and more. Tickets at Ticketmaster may drop in price the closer to the Big Game.

	Where can you find the cheapest Super Bowl tickets? If you’re interested in cheaper tickets, you can get them on resale sites such as Vivid Seats, StubHub and SeatGeek.

	At Vivid Seats, tickets are priced starting at $4,900 for the cheapest tickets and up to $543,000 for the most expensive tickets (use code: BB2024 to save $20 off orders of $200+ or more at Vivid Seats).

	










	Additionally, you’ll find slightly cheaper tickets at StubHub compared to Vivid Seats and Ticketmaster. Super Bowl tickets start at around $4,700 on StubHub and around $5,300 at SeatGeek (use code: SBVEGAS500 to save $500 off Super Bowl tickets at SeatGeek).

TicketSmarter, a ticketing outlet that sometimes offers cheaper tickets than some of its competitors, has Super Bowl tickets priced at $5,222.

	From what we’ve seen, Gametime has one of the cheapest ticket online with prices starting at $4,600.

	Moreover, you can save $150 off when you spend $500 with promo code BILLBOARD150, or $300 off when you spend $1,000 with promo code BILLBOARD300 at TicketNetwork.com.

	Super Bowl LIX kicks off at 6:30 p.m. ET/3:30 p.m. PT. The Big Game and Apple Music Super Bowl Halftime Show broadcasts live on Fox and stream live on DirectTV Stream, Fubo, Sling TV (local channels are available in select regions) and Hulu + Live TV.

	Most streaming packages include a free trial for up to a week or discounted streaming plans, so you can watch the Super Bowl without necessarily spending anything (or very much) up front.

	The halftime show typically starts around 8:15 p.m. ET/5:15 p.m. PT, depending on how long the first half of play lasts.

	Meanwhile, pregame performances include Jon Batiste, who sings the national anthem, while Lauren Daigle and Trombone Shorty performs “America the Beautiful” and Ledisi sings “Lift Every Voice and Sing.”

	No cable? No worries! A digital antenna lets you access local channels like Fox, if you don’t already have them through cable, satellite or a streaming service. Super Bowl LIX is available on Fox and Tubi giving you plenty of ways to stream live on your computer and other compatible devices including smart TVs and cellphones.

	










	Want to watch the Super Bowl from outside of the U.S.? Use ExpressVPN or NordVPN to stream internationally.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.