Sections
WCCB
Extras
The 2024 LLMF Schedule is here with a few more artists to be added!
Additional artists have been added to the ever-growing Lovin’ Life Music Fest in Charlotte. Organizers have released another round of artists who will be performing: The Avett Brothers, The Fray, Allen Stone, Ripe, Lily Fitts, Holly Humberstone, Ax & the Hatchetmen, Weston Estate, The Aces, Anees, Infinity Song, Nightly and Artikal Sound System.
The festival’s “QC Local Stage” will feature a lineup of homegrown talent. Among the artists being showcased are: Sweet Spine, Modern Alibi, Fox N’ Vead, Natalie Carr, Late Night Special, Laura Vinson, Ryan Trotti, Oceanic, Biking with Francis, Petrov, Deaf Andrews, Stranger Company, Farber and Friends, and Jacoozy.
The full line up:
Additional artists have been announced for Charlotte’s upcoming Lovin’ Life Music Fest coming to Charlotte May 3-5, 2024:
Maggie Rogers: GRAMMY® nominee, producer / songwriter / performer continues her musical journey with billion-stream success, acclaimed albums, and the recent release of “Surrender.”
DaBaby: GRAMMY® nominated and multi-platinum recording artist continues his cultural prominence with chart-topping songs, collaborations, and most recent hit “SHAKE SUMN.”
Dashboard Confessional: Punk rock pioneers led by Chris Carrabba, mark their renewal with their ninth studio album, “All The Truth That I Can Tell,” a poignant exploration of familiar aches and artistic clarity.
The Struts: An acclaimed British Rock band with global reputation as a must-see act, electrifying stage presence and hit single, “Fallin’ With Me.”
David Kushner: American singer-songwriter best known for 2022 viral song “Miserable Man.”
CHARLOTTE, N.C. ━ Southern Entertainment today unveiled the headliners for the inaugural Lovin’ Life Music Fest coming to Charlotte May 3-5, 2024. The three-day music festival, a first for Charlotte, will showcase more than 40 artists across three stages, spanning multiple genres and generations. Headliners include: Global Superstar Post Malone, legendary singer/songwriter, Stevie Nicks, and American singer/songwriter, Noah Kahan. Additional artists will be unveiled in the coming weeks and months. Early Bird Tickets go on sale December 14 at 8 a.m. EST, available exclusively at www.llmfclt.com
“After producing events all over the East Coast, we’ve dreamt of bringing a major music festival to Charlotte, and the Lovin’ Life Music Fest is our passion project,” said Bob Durkin, Co-Founder and Partner of Southern Entertainment. “We’re thrilled to support the ongoing effort to make our hometown of Charlotte a Music City in such a big way.”
Southern Entertainment, a national entertainment and production company based in Charlotte, N.C. is responsible for acclaimed music festivals across multiple states, including the sold-out Carolina Country Music Fest in Myrtle Beach. SC and the Barefoot Country Music Fest in Wildwood, NJ. The company has been a driving force behind Charlotte’s vibrant cultural scene for more than 25 years. With a rich history of managing venues, fostering entertainment districts, and supporting the production of major events like the Democratic National Convention, the NBA All Star Game, and NCAA tournaments, Southern Entertainment has made an indelible mark on Charlotte’s entertainment landscape.
With key partners such as the City of Charlotte, Mecklenburg County, Charlotte Regional Visitors Authority, Charlotte Center City Partners, and the Hospitality & Tourism Alliance, the festival anticipates drawing an estimated 90,000 attendees over three days, with a projected economic impact of more than $30 million in its inaugural year.
“Charlotte’s ready for its own signature event,” said Rob Pedlow, Co-Founder and Partner at Southern Entertainment. “Lovin’ Life will be our very own Charlotte-flavored Lollapalooza, a new economic engine for the Queen City creating jobs, supporting area nonprofits and drawing music enthusiasts from across the Carolinas and beyond.”

Formerly Twitter
icons go here
© 2025 WCCB Charlotte's CW.