Another step closer to the regular season as the Rangers wrapped up part two of their back-to-back stretch with the New Jersey Devils. 
Here’s how the team lined up for Preseason Game #5:
Panarin - Trocheck - Lafrenière
Berard - Brodzinski - Kakko
Cuylle - Groulx - Othmann
Edström - Carrick - Rempe
Miller - Schneider
Jones - Mancini
Mackey - Ruhwedel
Shesterkin/Garand 
1st Period:
With way more of a well-rounded, NHL reminiscent lineup, the Rangers had more jump to their game to match the energetic Devils group we saw the night prior. Matt Rempe and Adam Edström in particular came out with some speed and energy that involved some noticeable physicality. Despite that, the Rangers were a bit sloppy as the Devils were generating a bulk of the offense, at least to start. About five minutes in following another physical shift from Rempe’s line, Xavier Parent went the other way with the puck and rung a shot off the post for what was one of the Devils best scoring chances to start the game. 
Just a couple of minutes later, the Rangers followed it up with one of their own as an offensive zone face-off win resulted in a good push from the Brozinski line. A shot from Zac Jones at the point took a slight redirect off the stick of Kaapo Kakko to make it a 1-0 game early. Jones continuing his strong preseason showing, particularly with his offensive capabilities. 
Jonesy from the blueline + Kaapo redirects it. pic.twitter.com/jWOJ9CKf5u
Alas, this nothing to lose Devils squad showed some persistence and just a minute later, Jakob Zboril fired home his own rebound to tie the game up 1-1. 
With about eight minutes to go in the first, Will Cuylle took a big hit from Jackson van de Leest near the Devils blue line. B.O. Groulx, who to the best of my knowledge is not much of a fighter, challenged the 6”7 defensemen which left Groulx at quite the disadvantage to say the least. Stick taps for Groulx for the sentiment, definitely nice to see him step up, doing what he can to make a name for himself with a new franchise. 
Bo Groulx vs Jackson Van de Leest #NYR pic.twitter.com/Imz8kYFimN
Thankfully, Groulx avoided the instigator penalty as the only penalties awarded were the two fighting majors. With exactly six minutes to go, Vincent Trocheck drew the first penalty of the night as Matyas Melovsky was sent off for holding. A good time to mention that Artemiy Panarin, who was an early exit from the one preseason game he took part in last week, was no longer on the bench pretty early on in the opening period. Between that and Zibanejad, Kreider and Fox not being in the lineup, the Rangers opened with a rather interesting top unit: Trocheck, Cuylle, Kakko, Lafrenière and Miller. 
While they wouldn’t convert, the Rangers did carry the offensive momentum well beyond the two minute penalty as they were certainly looking better as the game went on. The intensity also continued throughout the final minute of the period as Sam Carrick and Mike Hardman were next to drop the gloves in much more of an evenly matched battle. 
Sam Carrick vs Mike Hardman. #NYR pic.twitter.com/IwNL9zsl2D
Shots at the end of twenty were 16-10 in favor of New York. A solid period, however growing concerns surrounding the status of the Rangers star winger who only saw two shifts throughout the first. 
2nd Period:
An unfortunate update to start the second as Artemiy Panarin would not return for the rest of the outing. 
UPDATE: Artemi Panarin (lower body) will not return tonight.
A much stronger start to the period as the Rangers picked up right where they left up, registering five shots on goal and plenty of additional attempts within the first five minutes. Jonny Brodzinski with several of those shots on goal as he was doing what he does best, throwing the puck on net any chance he gets. Right around that five minute mark, gloves hit the ice once again, this time with Connor Mackey and Nathan Legare going at it. 
Connor Mackey vs Nathan Legare #NYR pic.twitter.com/aGeafv53oX
Less than thirty seconds after the fight, a tremendous passing sequence between Groulx and Brennan Othmann found Adam Edström cutting to the net who was able to finish on a nice backhander, giving the Rangers a 2-1 lead. 
Beauty of a sequence. pic.twitter.com/R0XqwfOGxg
Nearing the midway mark of the period, the Devils were able to tie it back up as Kevin Lebanc, who is still fighting for a contract this season, saw his own rebound through to sneak the puck past Shesterkin, 2-2 game. 
Not a particularly busy period for Shesterkin but he did follow up the goal against with a flashy glove save to keep things tied. With just under seven minutes to go in the second, Sam Carrick was sent back to the penalty box, this time for tripping Jack Malone. An interesting note as Will Cuylle got a look on the penalty kill, as there is suddenly an opening there with Jimmy Vesey expected to miss the first couple weeks of the season. 
Following the successful penalty kill, the Rangers closed out the second with a pair of impressive goals from defensemen fighting for an opening night roster spot. The first came from Victor Mancini for his second of the preseason as he let a quick shot find the back of the net to make it 3-2. Groulx and Jones both picking up their second assist of the night on the play. 
Step right up, No. 90. What a shot. pic.twitter.com/947Fe8gINx
Mancini continues to make a strong push to be in consideration for an opening night roster spot, especially with Ryan Lindgren out for the first couple of weeks. Not even 30 seconds later, Connor Mackey, who is likely fighting for that same roster spot, chipped in with a goal of his own, almost to remind the coaching staff that he is still indeed an option as well. Brennan Othmann with his second primary assist of the night as he’s quietly had a strong game as well. 
Othmann with the dish + Mackey let it fly. pic.twitter.com/5lUGrLG8Yz
A late penalty on the Devils gave the Rangers a power play to take into the final period of their second to last game of the preseason. Shots after two were now 30-18 Rangers. 
3rd Period:
Both teams switched their goaltenders to start the final period of the night with Dylan Garand replacing Igor Shesterkin and Tyler Brennan taking over for Isaac Poulter. The Rangers wouldn’t convert on the power play but would have bigger issues as Chad Ruhwedel was tripped up by Dylan Wendt which left the Rangers defender in a great deal of discomfort. Between Lindgren, Vesey and potentially Panarin, the Rangers certainly don’t need anymore injuries but thankfully, he wouldn’t miss a shift. 
Back to the power play they went and Vincent Trocheck pulled off an individual effort to walk right into the Devils zone to fire a shot past Brennan, making it a 5-2 game. A rather dominant showing which frankly, should be the expectation from this Rangers lineup considering they’re going up against the Utica Comets roster. 
Just a fine finish from Troch. pic.twitter.com/ugHxdtSd2u
The Rangers maintained control throughout the period and Kaapo Kakko nearly had his second of the night as he rung a shot off the crossbar with roughly 13 minutes to go. Soon after, Matt Rempe made his first trip to the penalty box as he was called for holding after throwing Jack Malone to the ice away from the play. The Devils would bring themselves within two as Kevin Lebanc picked up his second of the night on a clean wrist shot that beat Garand up high. 5-3. 
With seven minutes to go, the Rangers went back to the penalty kill as Chad Ruhwedel was called for slashing. No harm with the foul as time continued to tick and the Devils eventually pulled the goalie for the extra attacker with four minutes to go. Matt Rempe came so close to an empty net goal from far out but an abandoned stick laid in the way to keep the puck from getting to the net. Garand came up with a big glove save in the final minute but on the next attempt, a one timer from Brian Halonen beat him to bring the Devils within one. Nevertheless, the Rangers held on and skated away with a 5-4 win. 
Not a whole lot to take away here. The big concern remains with Panarin in hoping he's okay and good to go for the regular season. Adam Edström and Victor Mancini continue to do everything they can to potentially earn an opening night roster spot. Expect more roster cuts to likely be announced tomorrow as the Rangers have a couple of days off to prepare for their preseason finale on Long Island Friday Night. 
Another purportedly defensive defenseman with size. Another underwhelming player.
Here are today's news and links:

From Blueshirt Banter:

Jake DiBlasio grades Brett Berard's rookie season on Broadway (BSB)

Snark Messier gives his take on why the blame for New York's disappointing 2024-25 campaign shouldn't all fall at the feat of Chris
Juuso Parssinen re-signs with the Rangers. But will the underused forward finally get his chance to shine under Mike Sullivan?
Cutthroat moves, locker room fallout, and one brutal memo. Chris Drury didn’t ruin the Rangers’ season, he exposed the truth.

                        Join the #1 New York Rangers Community. News, Analysis, Rumors, Trades, Stats, and Analytics. Blueshirt Bandwidth podcast out every Thursday.