From the football teams playing to how to tune in, here's everything to know
Christian Petersen/Getty 
 Get out the snacks and football jerseys, because Super Bowl LVIII is almost here! 

 The most anticipated football game of the year is quickly approaching on Sunday, Feb. 11, and this year, it’s going to be star-studded. 

 Between the two teams facing off on the field to the singers hitting the big stage, there is a lot to look forward to. And with this year’s Super Bowl taking place in Las Vegas for the first time ever, you can bet it’s going to be a party all week long with countless events hosted by your favorite stars. 

 Plus, many football-fanatic celebrities are likely to pop up in the stadium on game day, including a possible appearance from Taylor Swift. 

 Whether you’re seeing the game in person or tuning in from the comfort of your own home, here’s everything you need to know ahead of the Big Game. 

Ethan Miller/Getty
 The Super Bowl will take place on Sunday, Feb. 11 with kick-off starting at 6:30 p.m. ET. However, if you want to tune into the Super Bowl pregame, including the singing of the national anthem, you’ll want to start watching at 5 p.m. ET. 

Ethan Miller/Getty
 The Super Bowl will take place at Allegiant Stadium, marking the first time Las Vegas and the state of Nevada have hosted the Big Game. Home of the Las Vegas Raiders, the stadium was first opened in July 2020 and has hosted a variety of events since then, including the Las Vegas Bowl, the Pro Bowl, and a variety of concerts including BTS, Elton John and Taylor Swift. 

Jamie Squire/Getty, Ezra Shaw/Getty
 After the Kansas City Chiefs beat the Ravens in Baltimore and the 49ers defeated the Detroit Lions in San Francisco, the teams competing in the Super Bowl are the Kansas City Chiefs and the San Francisco 49ers. 

 This marks the first year the 49ers have been in the Super Bowl since 2020 when they lost to the Kansas City Chiefs. Meanwhile, the Kansas City Chiefs are the defending champions, having previously won the 2023 Super Bowl against the Philadelphia Eagles. 

David Eulitt/Getty, Thearon W. Henderson/Getty 
 The Kansas City Chiefs head coach is Andy Reid (above left), who has been with the team since 2013 — a run that includes four Super Bowl visits and two wins. Prior to his time with the Chiefs, he served as the head coach for the Philadelphia Eagles. He also previously worked with the Green Bay Packers from 1992 to 1998. 

 The 49ers head coach is Kyle Shanahan (right above), who has been with the team since 2017. Before that, he worked as an offensive coordinator for football teams such as the Atlanta Falcons, the Cleveland Browns and the Washington Redskins. 

Jason Kempin/Getty Images
 Taking center stage to sing "The Star-Spangled Banner" will be country music icon Reba McEntire. The pregame show will also feature a performance of “America the Beautiful” by Post Malone and “Lift Every Voice and Sing” by Andra Day.

Kristy Sparow/Getty
 Following Rihanna's show-stopping number last year, Grammy-winning singer Usher will headline the Apple Music Super Bowl LVII Halftime Show this year.

Christian Petersen/Getty 
 The game will be televised nationally on CBS. A kid-friendly version of the game will also air on Nickelodeon featuring appearances by Bikini Bottom’s own SpongeBob SquarePants and Patrick Star. Additionally, the game will be available to stream on Paramount+.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)