Taylor Swift's new album "The Tortured Poets Department" was expected to be a blockbuster, but it was even more dominant than one might have expected, smashing records on the Billboard 200 and the Hot 100. Read more about her album achievements here and her singles achievements here on Billboard.com.
"Tortured Poets" achieved an astonishing 2.61 million equivalent album units (the second most ever recorded since Billboard started measuring equivalent album units in 2014) based on its combined record sales, individual track sales and online streams. Of that total, traditional album sales accounted for 1.914 million (the third largest sales week since Luminate started tracking in 1991). Streaming accounted for 683,000 units (the biggest streaming week of all time).
But wait, there's more. This also marks her 14th number-one album, which ties her with Jay-Z for the second most number-ones of all time and the most for a solo artist. The only act with more are The Beatles with 19. And over on the Billboard Hot 100, where her last album of new material "Midnights" was the first ever to dominate the entire top 10, "Tortured Poets" was like, "Hold my beer." The surprise double album launched all 31 tracks onto the chart, including all of the top 14 positions. She has now tallied up 59 top 10 hits, the most among women.
Those singles were led by "Fortnight" featuring Post Malone, which became Swift's 12th number-one hit. That ties her for sixth place with Madonna and The Supremes. The only artists with more chart-topping songs are The Beatles (20), Mariah Carey (19), Rihanna (14), Drake (13) and Michael Jackson (13). At this rate Swift will probably announce a 100-track superalbum just so she can monopolize the entire singles chart for a week ... not to give her any ideas.
Be sure to make your predictions so that artists can see how they’re faring in our racetrack odds. You can keep changing your predictions until just before the next tracking week begins every Friday. You’ll compete to win a spot on our leaderboard and eternal bragging rights. See our contest rules and sound off with other fans in our music forum. Read more Gold Derby entertainment news.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…
Take a trip back to the Academy Awards ceremonies of the recent past with Gold Derby’s Oscars Playback series. Hosts Joyce Eng and Christopher Rosen recap every Oscar ceremony of the 1990s and 2000s. Joyce and Chris tackle the highs and lows of each show and see how the winners aged. It’s a wonderful night for Oscar, whenever you watch!

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media