By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

	All products and services featured are independently chosen by editors. However, StyleCaster may receive a commission on orders placed through its retail links, and the retailer may receive certain auditable data for accounting purposes.
Festival season just kicked off with Coachella, which means the Stagecoach Festival is right around the corner. Whether you missed out on Coachella passes or are more of a country fan, you’re probably wondering how to buy Stagecoach tickets for 2024. Hurry, fast because they’re all sold out on the festival’s site but are still available on ticket resale sites.
The Stagecoach Festival is an outdoor country music festival held each year at the Empire Polo Club in Indio, California, the same venue as the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival. Stagecoach started in 2007 with headliners George Strait and Kenny Chesney. Since then, the festival has been attended by tens of thousands of fans, with a record 75,000 attendees at the 2018 Stagecoach. Unlike Coachella, which includes genres like rock, pop, indie, hip hop, and electronic dance music, Stagecoach is focused on country music and related genres, like folk, bluegrass, roots rock, and alternative country. The festival is also the highest-grossing country music festival in the world.

 








Related Stories This Firming Butt & Thigh Cream Makes Skin ‘Feel Tighter’ With Dedicated Use The Only ‘Ready-to-Wear’ Wig Brand Worth Your Time & Money 
Stagecoach 2024 headliners include Eric Church, Miranda Lambert, and Morgan Wallen, alongside other big names like Jelly Roll, Elle King, Leon Bridges, The Beach Boys, and more. Plus, Post Malone will take the stage to perform covers of country hits. Even more, Nickelback, Diplo, and Wiz Khalifa will keep festival-goers on their feet at Late Night in Palomino, where Guy Fieri will bring back his Stagecoach Smokehouse. He’ll team up with chefs and vendors to serve delicious bites and hold live taste tests and demonstrations.
So how can country music fans buy Stagecoach tickets in 2024? Keep scrolling for everything you need to know about snagging tickets on resale sites, headliners, performers, and more—including a discount code to save on your passes.
Stagecoach 2024 takes place across three days, from Friday, April 26 through Sunday, April 28 at the Empire Polo Club in Indio, California.
While the official marketplace to get Stagecoach tickets is on the festival’s website, they’re currently all sold out there. Don’t fret, though, tickets and weekend passes are still for sale on trusted resale sites like StubHub, TicketNetwork, TicketSmarter, Ticketmaster, and Vivid Seats, the latter of which offers $20 off of orders of $200 or more with the code SC2022—a 10 percent savings. Read on for how to buy Stagecoach tickets for 2024.

 









Who’s performing at Stagecoach 2024? Check out the full lineup above and a complete list of the performers below:
Friday, April 26, 2024
Saturday, April 27, 2024
Sunday, April 28, 2024
Late Night in Palomino featuring:
 









Who are the Stagecoach 2024 headliners? The Stagecoach 2024 festival headliners are Eric Church, Miranda Lambert, and Morgan Wallen. See below for the full list of the Stagecoach 2024 headliners and which day each artist is performing.
Where is Stagecoach 2024? Stagecoach is held at the Empire Polo Club in Indio, California. The venue—where the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival is also held—is located at 81-800 Avenue 51 in Indio, and is a half-hour drive from Palm Springs, California, and a two-and-a-half hour drive from Los Angeles and San Diego. The venue was founded in 1987 and has 12 polo grounds, making it one of the largest polo clubs in the United States.
By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.