Beyoncé took social media by storm as she stunned in a floor-length barely-buttoned jacket, while wearing nothing but tiny denim shorts underneath.
The chart-topper sparked a frenzy as she bared major cleavage in her dramatically plunging look.
She balanced the length of her jacket with an extremely leggy display, which was elevated by brown pointed suede boots with lace-up detailing.
The mum of three continued to embrace her country roots by topping things off with an off-white cowboy hat and dark aviators, while promoting her latest hit album, Cowboy Carter.
Beyoncé styled her recently lightened hair in voluminous waves, and accessorised with a tassel necklace - complete with a statement gold pendant in the centre of the chain.
  Read more:    Inside story of how Beyoncé and Jay-Z met and became $3 billion power couple  [LATEST] 
A post shared by Beyoncé (@beyonce)
The Texas Hold Em star also cinched her waist in with a leather rope chain and appeared trimmer than ever, which raised eyebrows, with fans speculating about potential tour rehearsals.
Beyonce also posted a video compiled of snaps from her photoshoot, which also featured a glass of white wine and disco balls, hinting at a fun night out.
Fans quickly took to the comments with praise including a stunned@glittercorvette who wrote: “She is so perfect oh my god.”
@chadmichaelm3 echoed: “I literally gasped when I saw these pics.”
  Don't miss...     Popstar baby girl names rise in popularity – but Swifties will be disappointed  [LATEST]     Meghan and Harry’s A-List pals that have supported them through family feud  [INSIGHT]     Beyoncé's dad leaves This Morning's Josie Gibson blushing as she dons new look  [WATCH] 
We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy
As @RepsPositions remarked: “She keeps ageing backwards… you’re gonna tell me she’s not in her early 30s?”
She paired the clip with the song Sweet, Honey, Buckin from her latest record-breaking album Cowboy Carter.
The project which was released in March became a huge success, breaking Spotify’s record for the most streamed album in a single day shortly after its release.
With 27 tracks it featured Dolly Parton, Willie Nelson, Miley Cyrus, and Post Malone alongside newcomers including Shaboozey.
SEARCH
CONNECT WITH US
TODAY'S PAPER
 See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive.
EXPRESS.CO.UK
Daily Express uses notifications to keep you updated