By CAMPBELL GREAVES FOR DAILY MAIL AUSTRALIA 
 Published:  07:59, 18 April 2024   |  Updated:  08:02, 18 April 2024   
 4
View  comments
Taylor Swift has sent her fans on an online scavenger hunt ahead of the release week of her highly-anticipated new album.
The 34-year-old megastar - who is releasing The Tortured Poets Department on Friday - has been leaving breadcrumbs for her diehard fans to follow leading up to her 11th studio release.
On April 16, the singer began leaving QR code murals across the globe.
After initially leading to a page reading 'Error 321', the QR codes now display a YouTube Short of an old-fashioned typewriter documenting a singular letter.
Each city's QR code has a different letter that help to spell out a mystery word. 
Taylor Swift has sent her fans on an online scavenger hunt ahead of the release week of her highly-anticipated new album 
Sydney and Melbourne have now been included in the scavenger hunt, with murals popping up in the Aussie cities.
The Sydney QR code located on George Street leads to the letter R.
While the Collingwood mural guided users to the letter F.
On April 16 the singer began leaving QR code murals across the globe
Sydney and Melbourne have now been included in the scavenger hunt, with murals popping up in the Aussie cities
Murals have also popped up in London, Chicago, Paris, Nashville, Toronto, Mexico and São Paulo as fans scramble to work out what the letters spell.
On Tuesday, Swift took to Instagram to drop 'The TTPD Timetable', revealing that on April 19th she would also be dropping a music video at 8:00PM ET.
The clip started out with a clock that was once again mysteriously set to 2:00 PM.
Each city's QR code leads to a YouTube Short of an old-fashioned typewriter documenting a singular letter 
The camera then scanned through a room with a yellow floor upon which records and crumpled pieces of paper were scattered.
The camera continued on, zooming into the hallway and then a room titled 'The Tortured Poets Department.'
There, on a school bulletin board was the schedule for Friday, April 19th, indicating her album release date.
In February, Swift dropped the tracklist for the album, which will see her collaborate with Post Malone and Florence & The Machine.
The 34-year-old megastar releases The Tortured Poets Department on Friday

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group