By
On Friday (May 25) YG dropped off his latest single, “Weird, and it didn’t take long for fans to speculate that he was taking a shot at Drake. “When it’s smoke, don’t ever mention my name (Mention my name)/You gon’ have me jeapoardizin’ my fame,” YG raps. “Jeapoardizin’ the gang, jeapoardizin’ where you hang, n*gga.” However, the Compton rapper quickly shut down rumors that the bars had been directed at Drake.
The line comes after Drake name-dropped YG amid his beef with Kendrick Lamar on his “Family Matters” track. “You know who really bang a set? My n*gga YG/ You know who really bang a set? My n*gga Chuck T,” Drake raps. “You know who even bang a set out there is CB.” With the rapper having ties to Drake and Lamar, it makes sense that he’d rather stay out of the beef.
EXCLUSIVE: YG calls “kap” on internet assumptions that he was responding to Drake’s “Family Matters” on his new single “WEIRD” https://t.co/Brm8rvV536 pic.twitter.com/beJQV2SZlr
In 2022, YG released his sixth studio album, I Got Issues. The project boasted several guest appearances including Mozzy, J. Cole, Moneybagg Yo, H.E.R., Roddy Ricch, Post Malone, and Nas. The 14-track album peaked at No.18 on the US Billboard 200 following its release on Septemeber 30. The album, which was initially titled, Pray for Me, however, the rapper explained in a September 2022 Instagram post why he changed it. “The album ‘I Got Issues’ is basically insight on my life, an update on my life. I feel like my people haven’t heard from me in a real way, in a long time. So I’m giving them this album…I’m here with all my issues,” he said. 
In other news, the “Krazy Life” rapper announced that the third installment of his Re’d Up series was coming. “Weird” is one of the latest singles from the project, following “Knocka,” which he released earlier this year. Just Re’d Up 3 follows 2013’s Just Re’d Up 2, and is scheduled to be released on July 3. Check out the music video for “Weird” below. 
Are you a HOT 97 VIP?  Unlock exclusive, VIP Only access to the latest news, offers, contests, events, and more.  There is no cost to join for a limited time.
Δ
#1 for Hip Hop
Copyright 2024 Hot 97