The BTS singer's new solo single brought in 91% of the vote.

													By
												

	Mitchell Peters


RM‘s “Come Back to Me” has topped this week’s new music poll that features artists in various genres of music.

	Music fans voted in a poll published Friday (May 10) on Billboard, choosing the BTS singer’s new solo song as their favorite new music release of the past week.

	RM’s latest track brought in 91% of the vote on the poll, securing a notable edge ahead of new releases from Gunna (One of Wun), Post Malone featuring Morgan Wallen (“I Had Some Help”), Camila Cabello fearuing Lil Nas X (“He Knows”), Megan Thee Stallion (“Boa”), and more.

	“Come Back to Me” is the first single from RM’s upcoming 11-track second solo album, Right Place, Wrong Person. The new set is due May 24.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	“Come back to me/ Like you used to/ Now, I could see/ What a life is about/ I told you I’m fine tonight/ Staying good/ Spring always been here/ I will sleep in her eyes,” the 29-year-old K-pop star sleepily croons over acoustic guitar and whistling.

	The song was first performed last August during a surprise appearance at BTS bandmate Suga’s Seoul concert on his SUGA | Agust D Tour ‘D-DAY’ The Final outing.

	RM’s first solo LP, Indigo, was released in Dec. 2022, and peaked at No. 3 on the all-genre Billboard 200 and featured guests including Anderson .Paak, Erykah Badu and others.

	Trailing behind “Come Back to Me” on this week’s poll is Gunna’s fifth studio album, One of Wun, with nearly 3% of the vote. The 20-track project includes collaborations with Offset (“Prada Dem”), Normani (“$$$”), Leon Bridges (“Clear My Rain”) and Roddy Ricch (“Let It Breathe”).

	See the final results of this week’s poll below. Check out Billboard‘s Friday Music Guide to catch up with more must-hear releases from this week.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.