Photo: Getty Images
Jelly Roll could hardly believe his eyes when he looked in the mirror in a new advertisement ahead of Super Bowl LVIII.
The Nashville, Tennessee-born artist posted a brief clip of the Uber Eats ad on his social media channels on Thursday (February 1), captioning his post, “WHO DID THIS TO ME??!” The video opens with the 2024 Grammy Awards nominee appearing to put toiletries away in his bathroom. When he closes the cabinet door and catches a glimpse of himself in the mirror, the “Halfway to Hell” star stares wide-eyed.
“What happened to my face? Are these tattoos?!” Jelly Roll says in disbelief as he examines his face tattoos. “They’re everywhere! And they’re horrible!”
The advertisement teased Super Bowl Sunday, set for February 11. The San Francisco 49ers and the Kansas City Chiefs are headed to the Super Bowl at Allegiant Stadium in Las Vegas, Nevada. The highly-anticipated game will also feature a star-studded lineup of artists set to perform. The NFL previously announced that beloved country icon Reba McEntire will perform the National Anthem this year (following Chris Stapleton’s powerful rendition at last year’s game, and adding to a growing list of country stars to accept the honor). Post Malone will sing “America The Beautiful,” and Andra Day will perform “Lift Every Voice and Sing.” Grammy Award-winning artist Usher was previously confirmed as the Super Bowl LVIII Halftime Show headliner. He said in a statement to ESPN at that time that “it’s an honor of a lifetime,” to perform the halftime show. “I can't wait to bring the world a show unlike anything else they've seen from me before.”
Many Super Bowl viewers, of course, are also eager to see whether pop megastar Taylor Swift will make it back to the U.S. from an “Eras Tour” stop to cheer for her boyfriend, Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce. Swift is reportedly expected to attend the game.
Jelly Roll is nominated in several categories at the 2024 iHeartRadio Music Awards, along with Luke Combs, Lainey Wilson, Morgan Wallen, Kane Brown and many others, including in some all-genre categories. Jelly Roll is also nominated in the socially-voted category Favorite On Screen for “Save Me.” Other fan-voted categories include Best Lyrics, Best Music Video, Best Fan Army, Social Star Award, Favorite Tour Photographer, TikTok Bop of the Year, Favorite Tour Style and Favorite Debut Album. Voting will remain available until March 25 at 11:59pm PT at iHeartRadio.com/awards. See the list of country stars nominated at the 2024 iHeartRadio Music Awards here.
Fans across the country will be able to watch the 2024 iHeartRadio Music Awards live as the show will be airing live from the Dolby Theatre in Los Angeles on Monday, April 1st from 8pm-10pm ET live/PT tape-delayed on FOX. The event will also be broadcast on iHeartRadio stations nationwide and on the free iHeartRadio app.
Jelly Roll was also confirmed in the star-studded lineup of the 2024 iHeartCountry Festival, set for May 4 in Austin, Texas. The lineup also includes Jason Aldean, Old Dominion, Lady A, Riley Green, Ashley McBryde, Brothers Osborne, and Walker Hayes. The show will be hosted by iHeartRadio’s Bobby Bones. Fans across the country can tune in and stream the 2024 iHeartCountry Festival, as iHeartRadio Country music radio stations across the country will broadcast the event in their local markets, as well as on the free iHeartRadio app and iHeartRadio.com, on Saturday, May 4th at 8pm ET/5pm PT (7pm CT). Tickets are available to the general public now. For more information visit iHeartRadio.com/countryfestival.