ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
CLEVELAND, OHIO - AUGUST 3: Jelly Roll performs during WWE SummerSlam 2024 at Cleveland Browns ... More Stadium on August 3, 2024 in Cleveland, Ohio. Jelly Roll and Post Malone's collaboration "Losers" misses out on bringing the former musician back to the top 10 on three charts by just a few spaces as it arrives. (Photo by WWE/Getty Images)
After spending years working in hip-hop, Jelly Roll decided to pivot to country. That turned out to be a fantastic move on his part, as his output in that genre transformed him from an underground musician into a household name in America. This week, the Grammy nominee nearly earned another top 10 smash on several of Billboard’s country-only rankings with a new high-profile collaboration.
“Losers” sees Jelly teaming up with Post Malone. The tune is featured on the latter’s new album F-1 Trillion, which marks his first foray into the country space. The joint track has become a quick win on a number of rosters, and it almost reached the highest tier on multiple style-specific lists.
Jelly and Malone’s duet launches highest—among the country-only charts, that is—on the Country Streaming Songs ranking. On the list of the most-streamed country-only tracks, “Losers” misses out on the top 10 by just one frustrating space.
“Losers” manages to start its time in the same slot on two other country rosters published by Billboard. The Jelly/Malone team-up opens in twelfth place on both the Hot Country Songs and Country Digital Song Sales charts, simultaneously. Coincidentally, it’s also Jelly’s fourteenth placement on both of those lists.
Currently, Jelly only appears inside the top 10 on one of the three charts discussed. He claims a pair of spaces within the highest tier on the Country Digital Song Sales roster. This frame, his own “I Am Not Okay” dips to No. 4, while “Lonely Road,” his collaboration with MGK (who is also new to the country charts), slips slightly to No. 9.
Jelly has performed best on the Country Digital Song Sales ranking, among the three rosters where he nearly debuted his new tune inside the top 10. On that tally, he’s sent a milestone 10 tunes into the highest region. He’s landed half as many top 10s on the Hot Country Songs list. Over on the Country Streaming Songs chart, he’s thus far managed just three appearances between Nos. 1 and 10.
As it almost enters the uppermost area on the country charts, Jelly’s new release also hits several other rosters, though it’s not very close to reaching the top 10. “Losers” opens at No. 22 on the Streaming Songs ranking, No. 24 on the Digital Song Sales list, and No. 25 on the Hot 100.