E-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
Sign up for email newsletters
E-Edition
Super Bowl Sunday is right around the corner, and companies have been saving their best for what’s still considered the biggest advertising day of the year.
Commercials for Super Bowl LVIII reportedly have an average cost of $7 million per 30 seconds of air-time — up 75% from roughly $4 million a decade ago.
As the buzz builds around what will surely be the most-watched event of the year (Super Bowl LVII took the crown in 2023 with over 115 million viewers), some companies have gotten into the habit of releasing their spots a few days before kickoff.
So far, some of our favorites include an action-packed Doritos ad with two gravity-defying grandmothers, as well as Sir Patrick Stewart donning a leather helmet on Paramount Mountain. Here’s our list of the best Super Bowl sneak peeks:
Jenna Ortega’s faux-grandmothers “Dina and Mita” go on the attack, after the last bag of Doritos Dinamita are taken from the grocery store. “It’s not ‘dynamite,’ it’s ‘Dinamita,’” is sure to be one of the more memorable lines from this year’s ads.
Sir Patrick Stewart still has his old football uniform, and he’s only got one play on his wristband: “Throw the Child.” In this case, the child just so happens to be Arnold from Nickelodeon’s “Hey Arnold!,” with his football-shaped head.
The star-studded commercial also includes NFL quarterback Tua Tagovailoa, “Survivor” host Jeff Probst, Knuckles from the “Sonic” franchise, talk show host Drew Barrymore, and cartoon Peppa Pig, among other stars and characters — showcasing the streamer’s wide-ranging viewing options.
“In order to remember something, you gotta forget something else,” is Jennifer Aniston’s mantra in this Uber Eats commercial, which leads to an awkward interaction with her former “Friends” co-star David Schwimmer.
Even more frightening, “Posh Spice” Victoria Beckham can’t seem to remember the name of her former girl group, while country star Jelly Roll doesn’t recall getting face tattoos.
https://youtu.be/9AdTgAfCyhU
The Coors Light “Chill Train” is back, and makes a Kool-Aid Man-esque entrance into a family’s living room. But when you see who’s driving, you can’t be mad. Besides, he knows a “guy who can fix this.”
Oreo’s first Super Bowl ad since 2013 takes an alternative look at decisions that have shaped history, from the famed Trojan Horse entering the city of Troy, to Kris Jenner signing the first contract for “Keeping up with the Kardashians.” Have people really been “twisting on everything this whole time?”
In one of the more heartfelt commercials of the year, Google Pixel follows a blind man named Javier as he uses “Guided Frame” mode on the Pixel 8 to capture significant moments throughout his life. When you hear the beeping of the heart monitor, just make sure there’s a Kleenex nearby.
https://youtu.be/Cl–5P79iRs
Everyone’s wildest dream instantly comes true in this Bud Light commercial, which appears to pitch the product as some type of magic genie. Did Post Malone really wish for a T-Rex? It seems like the wishes in this one could’ve been better.
Dove uses this 30-second spot to champion its Body Confident Sport program, which aims to make the world of sports a stronger place of belonging for young girls. As it notes in the ad, “45% of girls quit sports by age 14,” but it’s not due to the hard knocks.
There are only three alternate versions of Tina Fey in the Fey-verse, but they’re all amazing. Booking.com gets the message across in an incredibly efficient manner, employing other fan-favorites including Jane Krakowski (as Splurgey Tina) and Glenn Close (as Wild Tina). Who are you booking with?
https://youtu.be/f1cPVuT8q_w
Sorry, Tom Brady! In this BetMGM commercial, the G.O.A.T. has won too much and is therefore not allowed to keep winning. But good news for everyone else who isn’t Tom Brady — if you love sports betting, you’re in.
Contributing: Associated Press
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group