Targeted by his ex Taylor Swift's latest album, The Tortured Poets Department, Matty Healy has freshened up his look to finally put the past behind him.
The 1975 frontman was spotted on Tuesday, May 8, 2024, as he took a stroll in New York City, cutting a casual figure in a vintage T-shirt featuring a Union Jack flag and a drawing of former Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher, along with the words "Don't Falk with me Argentina" - a reference to the Falklands War in 1982.
Matty, 35, paired the T-shirt with brown corduroy trousers and a pair of black classic Converse. But his attire wasn't enough distraction from his latest change in appearance. The singer stunned as he ditched his signature curls and beard stubble as he sported a shorter hairdo and a moustache.
The hitmaker's appearance comes after he broke his silence about ex-girlfriend Taylor Swift's newest album, as mentioned above, which documented their ill-fated romance and was released last month to fan frenzy. Taylor, 34, and Matty briefly dated after her split from fiancé Joe Alwyn in 2023.
Despite the short length of the romance, Taylor managed to dedicate a series of songs to Matty, not holding back in Fortnight (feat Post Malone) and The Smallest Man Who Ever Lived as she described their relationship in detail. Matty has since faced intense scrutiny from some of her fans, prompting him to issue a quick response.
The reaction came as Matty was ambushed by an American paparazzo in Los Angeles who then quizzed him on his opinion on the diss tracks aimed at him. Despite the tension, the singer kept things cordial as he responded: "My diss track? Oh! I haven't really listened to that much of it, but I'm sure it's good." And he wasn't the only one to react to the album.
In late April, 2024, Loose Women panellist Denise Welch - who recently came under fire after locking horns with Dickie Arbiter on live TV - also responded to Taylor Swift's album but, much like her son, she remained polite. "I wasn’t aware she had an album out at all", she said, adding: "I haven’t heard anything about it. Anyway, I wish her all the best."
While she has voiced her aversion for her "toxic" ex through her music, Taylor has moved on from their romance by embarking on a high-profile relationship with Kansas City Chiefs' Travis Kelce. Meanwhile, Matty has also started afresh and found love with Gabbriette Bechtel, model and lead singer of punk rock band Nasty Cherry.
Matty and Gabriette were first linked to one another in September, 2023, when they were caught kissing and hugging in the Big Apple, strolling around Soho and Washington Square Park. He has since reportedly introduced his other half to his family.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.