Bey has a new do!
Source: FOX / Getty
Beyoncé’ platinum blonde should be its own hair color. The Cowboy Carter megastar popped out on the ‘gram debuting a platinum blonde bob to promote her award-winning SirDavis Whisky and it’s safe to say she is loving her platinum blonde era. Queen Bey poses between saloon doors wearing a cowboy hat, tuxedo, and tie. Her French-manicured almond-shaped nails clutch her hat and show off her chunky rings. In another photo in the carousel, she’s holding up her Cécred hair oil reminding us how much of a mogul she is.
Bey shook up the Internet, last week, when she appeared on the October cover of GQ rocking the platinum blonde tresses. In the glossy, Bey talked about maintaining her privacy, launching her own Whisky and haircare line.
“I am a musician first. It has always been my priority. I didn’t get into anything that could take away from my artistry until I felt I was solidified as a master at my first love, music,” she said.
“When I started my hair care brand, Cécred, I wanted it to be recognized for what it does for real people and their hair. When it launched, I made a conscious decision not to appear in the ads. The brand’s first impression needed to stand on its own merit, not be swayed by my influence. I’ve been using these products for years, so I know firsthand how magical they are.”
Kim Kimble is the hairstylist behind Bey’s voluminous blonde tresses on the cover. The veteran stylist shared her own BTS footage from the shoot on Instagram, today. “Behind the scenes of @beyonce @gq I love working on shoots this editorial is one of my favorite things to do and so blessed to be working with this icon,” she wrote.
While the CMAs don’t want to acknowledge Bey’s greatness, SirDavis Whisky has already won several awards. Named in honor of Knowles-Carter’s great-grandfather, Davis Hogue. According to Forbes, “George was a moonshiner during Prohibition.”
Bey admitted she fell in love with Whisky the first time she tasted it. “I loved the process, the ritual of it. Whiskey isn’t something you just shoot down. It’s a commitment. You gotta have patience. I like that. Then I got into vintage Japanese whiskey and started doing tastings. It opened up a whole new world. I love everything about whiskey. The color, the smell, the way it dances in the glass.… And I love the stories that come with it. Every bottle has a history. I also like introducing whiskey to people who don’t know they love it yet. I think a lot more women would love it if they tasted it, and if they were really spoken to by the whiskey world,” she said in GQ.
In other Beyoncé news, she is gearing up for a collaboration with Levis, which seems like a natural integration given her mention of the brand in her song with Post Malone.“You wish you were my Levi’s jeans,” she sings. The logo resembles her riding a horse like a cowboy. A symbol she says represents strength and power.
The Beyhive immediately started buzzing. Beyoncé, can our pockets get a break? Just kidding, sign us up for two pair!
RELATED STORIES:
Beyoncé Says Fame Can ‘Feel Like Prison’ In The October Issue Of ‘GQ’ Magazine
Beyoncé Enters The Spirits Chat With Her Latest Venture, Whisky Brand SirDavis


Beyoncé Pops Out With Platinum Blonde Bob 
						was originally published on
						hellobeautiful.com



									Six Flags America to Permanently Close After 2025 Season								

									LISTEN LIVE								

									The Biggest News Stories Of 2025								

									Here Are Some Notable Moments Of Black Culture In 2025								

									Iggy Azalea Sex Tape Leaked [VIDEO]								

									What’s Happening In Baltimore: Top Stories You Need to Know in 2025								

									Wale featuring Rihanna "Bad" Remix [FULL SONG, POLL]								

									Cicada Surge: Maryland Set to Welcome Trillions of Cicadas in 2025								

					We care about your data. See our privacy policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.