The NYT has learned that Trump is seeking to get his daughter in law Lara Trump the position of co-chair of the RNC.
She’s married to Eric and released a copy of won’t back down. She’s qualified
Read more at MSN
According to sources, squatting has become a national concern, with homes being taken over all over the nation on an “industrial scale” and turning them into dens of crime.
Cmon, this country was built on squatting 
Read more at zerohedge
Viewers have blasted the Super Bowl ad from Hobby Lobby featuring a foot ashing Jesus.  The people getting their feet washed by included a woman at an abortion clinic, an alcoholic, and an environmental activist. Along with an illegal immigrant, what seemed to be a Black Lives Matter protester, a gay man and others. The complaints allege the images were AI generated, and say its overtly woke.
If anyone’s gonna be woke it’s gonna be Jesus. 
Read more at The Sun
Page six has pictures from the star studded bash following the Chiefs Super Bowl win.
Everytime the Chiefs win, the Chainsmokers get a little bump.
Read more at pagesix.
Stephen A. Smith slammed the coach Kyle Shanahan and the entire San Francisco 49ers organization for not knowing the overtime rules during Super Bowl LVIII.  “No. 1, you’re the coach, Kyle Shanahan. It’s your job to make sure you articulate what the situation is, that your players know all the rules they need to know. That’s no. 1.  “No. 2, hold the players accountable,” Smith continued. “Last time I checked, you can read. You’re playing the game. This is your profession. How in God’s name are you gonna be post-game of the Super Bowl and talk about you weren’t even aware of the circumstances of an overtime game when it’s a Super Bowl championship on the line? It just goes to show that folks were asleep at the wheel — at least to some degree. ”
There’s so many rules it’s not like you’re going to know all of them.   
Read more at mediaite
Soon after a very hyped half time show, Usher married his girlfriend Jennifer Goicoechea.
The best part is, he was an usher at his own wedding
Read more at ET Online
If you thought that what the halftime show was missing was more roller skating you would have loved Usher’s party after the game. There was rollerskating and plenty of it.
After that they had a clown and balloon animals 
Read more at TMZ
Post Malone may be a Dallas fan, but the QB’s wife, Brittany Mahomes talked him into putting on a Chiefs jacket for a little while.  
This went from jacket to jacket off real fast.
Read more at people.
Viewers noticed something during Sunday night’s Super Bowl celebration- right after the Chiefs won and Taylor and her friends were jumping up and down celebrating, Lana Del Ray took a spill, getting knocked over in the excitement.
Same thing happened to little Kev last year. 
Read more at us magazine
Hey everyone, we’re all getting parlaid.
Read more at awful announcing
Dunkin is bragging that they completely sold out of Dunkin tracksuits in 19 minutes after their super bowl ad featuring Ben Affleck.  
Maybe we would be impressed if you told us how many were sold. Was it 3?
Read more at TMZ
The two are making their own version of Akira Kurosawa’s 1963 crime classic “High and Low.”
Hope they call it Even mo better blues. 
Read more at cnn.
A cherished mural of late rap legend and Brooklyn native The Notorious B.I.G. was painted over in Bushwick after a pot shop moved into the building — sparking outrage among proud Brooklynites.
It’s not like biggie painted it. Get the same artist to do another one. 
Read more at NY Post.
Tom Cruise is dating 36 year old Russian socialite Elsina Khayrova.
Growing Scientology one girlfriend at a time.
Read more at NY Post.
everything
EVERYTHING
everything
everything
.
.
Finding comedy in everything and everything in comedy.
interrobang, in·ter·ro·bang  [in-ter-uh-bang] ‽ (often represented by ?! / !?), is a nonstandard punctuation  designed to combine the question mark (?) and the exclamation point (!), indicating a mixture of query and interjection, as after a rhetorical question.
Focusing on the most interesting ! and ? in life, theinterrobang.com is a place to talk about the comedy in everything, and everything in comedy.  From street corners to  theaters, arenas, print, television, film, or even the White House, if it's funny, or should be, we're talking about it. We also continue to bring you everything happening in the news that's worth discussing, the best recommendations on the internet, and interviews with the most creative people on the planet.
Interested in contributing?  Hit us up on our contact page.
We love when you leave comments and we encourage active discussion and debate throughout the site.  However our moderators may delete any comments at their discretion, particularly any comments that are off topic.  
Of course, defamatory, libelous, threatening, or otherwise illegal posts will be removed as well as any posts that are deemed abusive, or intentionally inflammatory. We also ask that you be respectful of our authors, guests, and other commenters. We reserve the right to edit or delete comments at our discretion.   If you have any complaints about a comment being removed, you should contact us using our contact form.
By submitting a comment and/or question to the site you give us the right to use, post, reproduce and distribute your comment as we see fit.