By 

	John Lonsdale


	If you purchase an independently reviewed product or service through a link on our website, Rolling Stone may receive an affiliate commission.

	Country music’s biggest festival is finally making its desert comeback this weekend in California. The Stagecoach Country Music Festival is ready for another round for 2025, with headliners like Zach Bryan, Jelly Roll, and Luke Combs, along with highly anticipated sets from Backstreet Boys, Lana Del Rey, Sturgill Simpson, T-Pain, and Creed. So get ready to show up in your boots, set an alarm on your phone, and finally stream Stagecoach online from home this year.

Stagecoach takes place from Friday, April 25, to Sunday, April 27, 2025, at the Empire Polo Club in Indio, California. The fest is located at the same location as Coachella earlier this month. Want to go to Stagecoach? You can still find last-minute Stagecoach tickets online. 

	Want to livestream Stagecoach this weekend? Read on for our streaming guide.

		Country music fans can watch the weekend’s livestream lineup exclusively on Amazon Music, Prime Video, and Amazon Music’s Twitch channel. The livestream kicks off each day at 4 p.m. PT.	

	Country fans who have a Prime membership can tune into the festival stream with their subscription. Don’t have an Amazon Prime membership yet? You can test out an Amazon Prime membership with a 30-day free trial, which also comes with Prime Video. After the free trial, a Prime membership runs $14.99 a month, or $139 annually.



	Scheduled across six different stages — from the the Palomino Stage to the Mane Stage — several acts from this year’s Stagecoach lineup will appear on the country music festival’s livestream. 

	So far that includes all of the weekend’s 2025 headliners, including Zach Bryan, Jelly Roll, and Luke Combs, along with Carly Pearce, Brothers Osborne, Dasha, Nelly, Midland, Scotty McCreery, Tigirlily Gold, and more artists.



	$40.00



		Along with watching the Stagecoach headliners perform online on Prime Video, fans can also shop Amazon’s Festival Shop this year. The retailer has everything from artist graphic T-shirts to Western-style Levi’s belts to buy, just in time to rock at the festival (or at home). 	

	All of the Stagecoach headliners, including Bryan, Jelly Roll, and Combs, hit the T-Mobile Mane Stage at 9:30 p.m. PT on Friday, Saturday, and Sunday. Check out the complete lineup and set times on Stagecoach’s website.



	Even though Stagecoach kicks off in just a few hours, you still have some time to grab last-minute passes to this weekend’s festival dates. Online retailers like Vivid Seats and StubHub still have Stagecoach tickets available to buy online, including tickets for individual days of the fest, too.



	For anyone attending Stagecoach in person, the lineup starts at 12:15 p.m. PT on Friday, Saturday, and Sunday. You can look at a schedule for the weekend’s lineup on Stagecoach’s site, and look for the livestream schedule for Stagecoach on Prime Video.
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.