Sign up for your daily dose of dope.
Travis Kelce and Taylor Swift partied with 'the Chainsmokers' at the Super Bowl afterparty.
Feb. 12 2024, Published 1:18 p.m. ET
Travis Kelce and Taylor Swift partied with Alex Pall and Drew Taggart of the Chainsmokers after the Kansas City Chiefs Super Bowl win, RadarOnline.com has learned. 
The star-studded evening included lots of champagne, dancing and even a serenade from Kelce to Swift over a special electronic remix of her hit classic You Belong With Me. 
Kelce, Patrick Mahomes and Swift headed to Zouk nightclub after Sunday night's victory.
It was a whirlwind day for Swifties and Kansas City Chiefs fans. After jetting from sold-out shows in Tokyo to the big game in Las Vegas, Swift was at the center of post-win celebrations with her NFL beau, who danced the night away. 
The Chainsmokers played for a rowdy crowd at the Zouk nightclub at Resorts World, which included Patrick Mahomes and wife Brittany, as well as Post Malone and Kelce's brother Jason. 
Kelce serenaded Swift to the 'Chainsmokers' remix of her hit song 'You Belong With Me.'
As Kelce famously shouted the Beastie Boys lyric, "You gotta fight for your right to party" after the Chiefs thrilling AFC Championship win, the NFL tight end, his quarterback bestie and their leading ladies did just that on Sunday evening.
Mahomes and Kelce joined the electronic duo behind the DJ booth, where they commanded the crowd and took shots with Pall and Taggart. Kelce also showed love to Swift from the DJ booth by signing along to several of her songs that were remixed by the musical duo. 
Mahomes proudly toted the Lombardi trophy at the nightclub.
Kelce also led the room to Fast Life Yungstaz' Swag Surfin, which was a big hit with Swift earlier this year during a regular season Chiefs game. The Zouk crowd joined in on the fun and swayed from side to side as Kelce cheered them on.
The crowd belted out "MVP" chants in Mahomes' direction, which he graciously accepted by taking a drink of his beer. The back-to-back Super Bowl-winning quarterback also brought the Vince Lombardi trophy with him for the celebration.  
Never miss a story — sign up for the RadarOnline.com newsletter to get your daily dose of dope. Daily. Breaking. Celebrity news. All free.
Kelce took a shot from behind the DJ booth with Alex Pall and Drew Taggart. 
Daily updates from the heart of Hollywood, right to your inbox
By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you’re agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
Jason was spotted in the crowd donning a red and yellow luchador mask as he enjoyed libations.
The party didn't stop at Zouk nightclub. Kelce and Swift kept the evening going at an afterparty at XS nightclub, where they reportedly stayed until the wee hours of the morning, finally going home at around 5:15 AM. 
Judging by the evening turned early morning celebration, it was clear Kelce and Swift and their A-list pals thoroughly enjoyed the couple's first Super Bowl win together. 
Email us at tips@radaronline.com
It's all over all right. On May 14, just one day before news broke that Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez are allegedly headed toward a divorce, the singer was spotted house-hunting on her own in Beverly Hills, RadarOnline.com revealed.
BY Aaron Johnson
Clint Eastwood has hit his “frankly, I don’t give a damn” moment in life!
BY Radar Staff
Tom Cruise is living up to his Top Gun image by splashing a fortune choppering his new female “best pal” around Britain – after he “fell in love” with the way she's overcome her disability.
BY Aaron Tinney
More From Radar Online
Opt-out of personalized ads
© Copyright 2025 RADAR ONLINE™️. A DIVISION OF MYSTIFY ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK INC. RADAR ONLINE is a registered trademark. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy. People may receive compensation for some links to products and services. Offers may be subject to change without notice.