The pre-concert for Super Bowl LVIII is gearing up to be super “Fancy,” with acts including country music super star Reba McEntire scheduled to perform.
The NFL announced the pregame entertainment lineup for Super Bowl LVIII on Thursday, Jan. 18, which will, among others, feature McEntire, who is a Country Music Hall of Fame inductee and Hollywood Bowl member.
The rest of the lineup consists of eight-time diamond-certified rapper/singer Post Malone and Grammy Award-winning singer/songwriter, activist and actress Andra Day.
McEntire will sing the national anthem while Malone will sing “America the Beautiful.” Day will perform “Lift Every Voice and Sing,” the NFL said in press release.
The national anthem and “Lift Every Voice and Sing” will be produced and arranged by Emmy Award-winning Musical Director/Producer Adam Blackstone.
Usher has already been revealed as the headliner for the Apple Music Super Bowl Halftime Show, which will take place at Allegiant Stadium in Las Vegas, Nevada on Sunday, Feb. 11. The Super Bowl will air on CBS.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices