Another week in the training room has led all of Strictly Come Dancing's couples to week two of the competition following a spectacular opening live show last weekend.
The 2024 run of the hit dance show officially got underway last weekend when all 15 of the new Strictly couples performed live in the iconic ballroom for the first time.
Their performances in the first week of Strictly's 20th anniversary series were just for the judges' comments and scores as it's not until this Saturday (September 28) that viewers get to cast their votes.
READ MORE: Sam Thompson casts five-word verdict on Pete Wicks and Jowita Przystal's BBC Strictly Come Dancing 'romance'
The voting lines opening, however, means that the first dance-off and elimination of the 22nd series will take place during the results show on Sunday night (September 29) after all the couples perform once more.
The next live show airs on Saturday, September 28 at 6.15pm on BBC1 and BBC iPlayer. The results show will then air on Sunday, September 29 at 7.15pm.
It's been revealed that the judges and professional dancers will perform an "avant-garde gothic tango" on the first results show. They will perform to Prince’s When Doves Cry and New Order’s Blue Monday, before the first person to be eliminated from the dancing show is revealed.
The show’s longest-serving judge, Craig Revel Horwood, will wear a blonde wig and sit on a golden throne while fellow judge Anton Du Beke will wear a purple jacket with a gold waistcoat and white shirt.
Head judge Shirley Ballas and Motsi Mabuse will dance in all black outfits while the professional dancers will wear white and black outfits as they surround the throne, for which the judges will battle.
Meanwhile, the full list of the Strictly couples' songs and dances for week two are as follows:
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.