KRVM.org
Listener Supported Public Radio in Eugene Oregon
April 29, 2024 by Cynthia Orlando 
What’s new on the music scene? 
For starters, here’s five recently-released albums for your collection!
American country singer Kacey Musgraves released new album “Deeper Well” in March. Recorded at Electric Lady Studios in New York City, it’s a gorgeous collection of warm, first-rate acoustic tracks about reflection and changing priorities. 
Musgraves lists Alison Krauss as one of her career role models, and her lovely, evocative “Cardinal” is a tribute to musician John Prine. 
Don’t miss the beautiful vinyl variants currently on her website!
I’ve always liked Katie Crutchfield’s voice and style. On her new album ‘Tiger’s Blood,” Crutchfield aka Waxahatchee wisely treats fans to 12 tracks that don’t depart too far from what we’ve grown to love about her modus operandi. 
We’ve got “Right Back to It” on our playlist. Have a listen:
Waxahatchee plays Portland’s Pioneer Courthouse Square in August!
Sometimes often-overlooked musicians like Sarah Jarosz get their vindication and reward. Her newest “Polaroid Lovers” release confirms her status as a superior singer-songwriter and national treasure, and is getting rave reviews. 
It opens with the superb “Jealous Moon,” excites us with “Runaway Train” and soothes our jagged hearts with songs like “Days Can Turn Around.” 
Here’s “Jealous Moon”:
From “Polaroid Lovers,” we’ve got the atmospheric and lovely “Columbus & 89th” on our playlist. 
Released in March, Beyonce’s follow-up to “Renaissance” is “Cowboy Carter,” a thoughtful, 27-track masterpiece that debuted at number one. 
Give a listen to Beyonce’s rendition of “Blackbird” (penned by Paul McCartney in support of the civil rights movement), and don’t miss “Alligator Tears.”
Jon Batiste contributed to beautiful and profound opening track “AMERIICAN REQUIEM,” about oppression. Rhiannon Giddens is guest instrumentalist on playful hit single “Texas Hold ‘Em,” and Beyonce sings beautiful harmonies with daughter Rumi on lovely “Protector.”
Commentary: Some have criticized the album as “not pure country.” It wasn’t meant to be pure country. It’s Beyonce’s prerogative as an artist to mix American roots, Country, Americana, and hiphop on the same album. Try thinking outside the box, people!
“Cowboy Carter” is a must-have for all serious music lovers. 
On Swift’s 11th studio album she flexes her muscles as an artist and follows her muse. 
 “The Tortured Poets Department” (TTPD) triumphs by way of Swift’s prolific songwriting instincts, its candidness and its stunningly rich arrangements.
The album opens with appealing, downtempo “Fortnight,” which Swift co-wrote with Post Malone and Jack Antonoff. Soft synths emphasize the song’s subtle, somewhat fatalistic  undercurrents. 
Also opening the album is a touching poem by Stevie Nicks. Nicks has thanked Swift for writing “You’re on Your Own Kid,” which she said gave her comfort during the passing of Christine McVie.
The album ends (its first half, anyway) with quietly powerful “Clara Bow,” produced by Aaron Dessner of The National. This tasteful folk-pop track about the silent film actress is Swift’s astute commentary about how women artists are used by the industry to keep replacing each other. 
One of TTPD’s most upbeat tracks, celebrative “So High School,”  was produced by Aaron Dessner of The National. It’s likely to be added to Swift’s ERA’s concert setlist and will surely be covered by other artists.
Then there’s the second half of the new, double album, “The Anthology.” It primarily features choice Dessner-produced folk-pop tracks fans are loving. Swift’s songwriting is as sharp as ever, with one critic remarking the album’s lyrics are “a euphoric rejection of societal expectations.”
One could assert that the new album combines the indignation of Swift’s “Reputation” with the soft, sometimes melancholic, storytelling of “folklore.”  If anything, “The Tortured Poets Department” is on par with, or surpasses, the albums that preceded it…it’s an electro-acoustic delight. Here’s “The Prophecy:”
Being a lifelong Swiftie – and probably one of her oldest fans – as well as a longtime music writer, it’s challenging to remain unbiased in predicting whether Swift might earn herself another Grammy for TTPD.
You’d be right to guess I’m hoping she does.
Guster’s “Keep Going,” from their upcoming “Ooh La La” LP, is well-worth seeking out! 
Look also for Warpaint’s new single, “Common Blue.” 
Pearl Jam has a brand new album out (here’s “Wreckage”), and Green Day fans will love “The American Dream is Killing Me” off new album “Saviors.”
Thanks for supporting new music, and for supporting listener-powered radio at KRVM!
We work to enrich the quality of life – and enhance the variety of music – in our community.
Please make a donation here.
Filed Under: Music Scene, New Music Tagged With: Beyonce, Kacey Musgraves, Katie Crutchfield, Sarah Jarosz, Taylor Swift, The Tortured Poets Department, Waxahatchee
Freelance writer and blogger Cynthia Orlando writes the Music Scene blog here on the KRVM website. An avid music fan and active blogger, Cynthia loves to discover new music and share it with her audiences.  Learn more on her blog page.
See more recent songs, with links to buy them. KRVM gets a small portion from each purchase. It's an easy way to support us and build your music library.
Did you miss a show this week? Want to listen again to a great playlist? Spinitron is now archiving our shows for two weeks after they were aired. Here's how to listen.
Printable Program Grid (PDF):
 5 days ago 


Photo	

 5 days ago 


Photo	

Copyright © 2025 KRVM • 1574 Coburg Rd #237, Eugene, OR 97401 • Main Office: (541) 790-6686 • 1-800-285-2895 • Site by AUMWFCC Public Inspection Files: KRVM AM &  FM - KSYD - KAVE
 • KRVM FM/KSYD/KAVE and KRVM AM studio address:  2455 Willakenzie Road, Eugene, OR 97401
KRVM 91.9 FM Eugene | KAVE 88.5 FM Oakridge | 
KSYD 92.1 FM Reedsport | K211BP 90.1 FM Florence | Nondiscrimination