News coverage of insurance industry and financial advisor regulation.
CFP professionals are warning expiring tax cuts could pose significant risks to their clients’ financial goals.
Connecticut Insurance Department regulators are back in court this week in their ongoing effort to rehabilitate the financially troubled PHL Variable Insurance Co.
CFP professionals are warning expiring tax cuts could pose significant risks to their clients’ financial goals.
Connecticut Insurance Department regulators are back in court this week in their ongoing effort to rehabilitate the financially troubled PHL Variable Insurance Co.
State insurance regulators say life insurers are “undermining” efforts to bring illustrations in line with reality.
Artificial intelligence is developing fast, maybe too fast for state insurance regulators. But some say they have to move faster.
State insurance regulators resumed discussions Tuesday on a proposal to make a key measure of insurance companies’ financial health confidential.
Offshore reinsurance gives life insurers more options to invest their capital, with access to increased scale and new business volumes. But is it financially sound?
The Life Insurance Consumer Advocacy Center (LICAC) has filed a lawsuit against the California Department of Insurance (CDI) for violations…
The insurance industry is facing even broader repercussions from the administration’s policies well beyond what tariffs could bring.
A consumer advocacy group claims that the National Association of Insurance Commissioners enjoys widespread power and influence without the accompanying transparency,
Regulators are ready to hit the home stretch on an asset adequacy testing guideline for offshore reinsurance. But that does not mean everyone is happy.
New York State Department of Financial Services Superintendent Adrienne A. Harris concluded of a multi-year investigation into motor vehicle insurers’…
House Republicans proposed slashing Medicaid as a way to pay for federal budget cuts that would fund a GOP agenda that includes tax cuts, border security and energy production.
The U.S. economy is showing momentum in early 2025, despite lingering uncertainty in the wake of the November elections.
A South Carolina judge reversed a state Department of Insurance order today banning Atlantic Coast Life Insurance Co. from writing new premiums.
The Life Actuarial Task Force exposed a new version Thursday of its proposal for tougher asset adequacy testing on offshore reinsurance deals.
Republican Rep. Troy Downing has made abolishing the Treasury Department’s Federal Insurance Office his priority as a freshman congressman.
Trump’s pick for Treasury secretary, Scott Bessent, says letting the 2017 tax expire would unleash a $4 trillion tax hike that could crush the U.S. economy.
State insurance regulators are trying to get to the finish line on a long-term care rate review standard after nine years of studying the issue.
A South Carolina administrative law judge will hold a Friday hearing on whether Atlantic Coast Life Insurance Co. can continue writing new policies.
State insurance regulators know what they want from the anti-government fervor inspired by the return of President Donald Trump: elimination of the Federal Insurance Office.
 - Presented By - 
Find out how you can submit
							content for publishing on our website.
View Guidelines

Get breaking news, exclusive stories, and money- making insights straight into your inbox. 

Username



Password


 Remember Me