ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
MELBOURNE, AUSTRALIA - FEBRUARY 16: EDITORIAL USE ONLY. NO BOOK COVERS Taylor Swift performs at ... More Melbourne Cricket Ground on February 16, 2024 in Melbourne, Australia. (Photo by Graham Denholm/TAS24/Getty Images for TAS Rights Management)
Taylor Swift released her new album The Tortured Poets Department a week ago, which means the title has now enjoyed a full seven days in which to rack up streams and sales all around the world. It’s time for the full-length and its tunes to begin debuting on charts in major music markets, and the singer’s domination is now underway.
In Australia, tunes from The Tortured Poets Department don’t just hit the ranking of the most-consumed tunes in the nation—they prove the star’s incredible popularity. Swift owns more than half of all the spots on the songs chart, and almost entirely with tunes from her exciting new set.
On the 50-rung ARIA songs chart–the 50 spots that are viewable to the public, anyway–Swift’s name appears in 29 spots. That’s more than half of all available real estate on the ranking.
Swift’s new single “Fortnight” with Post Malone debuts at No. 1 in the country. It’s her twelfth leader in Australia, and the fourth for the featured star.
Songs from The Tortured Poets Department fill the entire top 10 this week. Swift earns 10 new top 10 hits in Australia, upping her career total considerably with a slew of new immediate wins.
Of her 29 top 50 hits in the nation, all but one come from The Tortured Poets Department. Only “Cruel Summer,” her recent global smash from her 2019 set Lover, is able to hold on and continue to find space on the ranking, which became much more competitive this time around thanks to Swift’s latest blockbuster. That hit descends from No. 9 to No. 38.
Last week’s champion, Hozeir’s “Too Sweet,” narrowly misses out on ruining Swift’s winning streak inside the top 10. That single dips from No. 1 to No. 11, allowing the American singer to claim the full region for herself.
The Tortured Poets Department is also an easy new No. 1 for Swift on the albums chart in Australia. She’s now reached the top spot with a lucky 13 titles—her lucky number.
Swift may experience a similar performance in some other countries as The Tortured Poets Department and its songs begin to officially impact charts everywhere. In the U.K., she’ll be handicapped by a rule that states that musicians can only claim three spots at once as lead artists–though she’s expected to control the highest trio of spaces. In the U.S., when the Hot 100 is refreshed in a few days, there’s a very good chance that she’ll manage to control the entire top 10 for the second time in her career.