ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA - FEBRUARY 04: Taylor Swift attends the 66th GRAMMY Awards at Crypto.com ... More Arena on February 04, 2024 in Los Angeles, California. Taylor Swift's “Bad Blood (Taylor’s Version)” was never pushed as a single, but it's still rising to new heights on one of Billboard's radio charts—months after its release. (Photo by Neilson Barnard/Getty Images for The Recording Academy)
Taylor Swift is deep into promoting her new album The Tortured Poets Department. The singer recently ended pushing one single for another, moving on to a second cut. As she continues to make audiences fall in love with her latest, America is still clearly in love with some of the most popular cuts from her previous effort.
“Bad Blood (Taylor’s Version)” has become a standout win from Swift’s 1989 (Taylor’s Version), the re-recorded take on her pop masterpiece 1989. The tune was never chosen as one of the true singles from the re-recording, but somehow, it’s managed to live on the Adult Contemporary chart for months.
As of this frame, “Bad Blood (Taylor’s Version)” has now spent 18 weeks on Billboard’s ranking of the most successful songs at Adult Contemporary radio stations across the U.S. It’s a bit odd for any tune that’s not being actively promoted to DJs and programmers to reach any of the radio charts in the country, though not unheard of. It’s very strange, however, for such a song to hold on for months.
“Bad Blood (Taylor’s Version)” is not just holding on, though. The tune reaches a new peak this week on the Adult Contemporary chart, showing that there’s still real interest in the popular track–at least among a certain audience.
This week, “Bad Blood (Taylor’s Version)” jumps to No. 25 on the latest edition of the Adult Contemporary tally. Last frame, it sat down at No. 29 on the 30-spot list.
Swift fills four spaces on the Adult Contemporary chart this week. Her highest-ranking win this frame is “Cruel Summer,” which is still sitting at No. 3. Recent single “Fortnight” with Post Malone slips slightly, landing at No. 14.
Amazingly, “Bad Blood (Taylor’s Version)” isn’t the only song from 1989 (Taylor’s Version) to appear on the Adult Contemporary ranking this frame. “Style (Taylor’s Version)” reappears on the list at No. 28. That’s also a new peak for that re-recording, which has likewise proved to be a standout from the bestselling album.