Veteran actor Kevin Costner, who plays Montana rancher and family patriarch John Dutton III in Paramount Network’s hit neo-Western drama series “Yellowstone,” has finally addressed his rumored split from the Taylor Sheridan-led show.
When asked if he would appear in the upcoming episodes, Mr. Costner said, “I'd like to be able to do it, but we haven’t been able to.”
“I thought I was going to make seven [seasons] but right now we’re at five. So how it works out—I hope it does—but they’ve got a lot of different shows going on,” he continued. “Maybe it will. Maybe this will circle back to me. If it does and I feel really comfortable with [it], I'd love to do it.”
Mr. Costner noted that he had suggestions for what might become of his character in the final episodes but said the storyline was ultimately up to the show’s creator.
“Well, you know, he needs to be proactive in what happens and I’ve kind of had my own fantasy how it might be,” Mr. Costner explained, “but that’s Taylor’s thing. I said as much to him a while back. I had thoughts how it could happen, but we just have to see.”
In addition to the flagship series, “Yellowstone” spin-offs include prequels “1883” and “1923,” released in 2021 and 2022, respectively, which chronicle John Dutton’s ancestors.
The former series features the Dutton brood from the post-Civil War generation, starring country singer Tim McGraw and his wife, Faith Hill, among others, while the latter series follows the Dutton family in the early 20th century, led by Harrison Ford opposite Helen Mirren.
Another prequel, “1944,” and a sequel, entitled “2024,” are also reportedly in the works.
“I captured him and I brought him on, and he’s very good in this small part that he’s done,” Mr. Costner told Entertainment Tonight about his son’s acting role.
“If you see it, I think he has an impact on the movie,” he said, sharing that his son’s name holds special meaning in the film, which Mr. Costner first conceived nearly four decades ago.
“I named him after the character I play in this. My character’s name is Hayes Ellison,” the actor shared. “And I named Hayes that character. So I was watching him grow up and I was thinking, ‘Man, I better get with it and make this movie.’”
Originally slated to run in four installments, the first chapter of “Horizon: An American Saga” will debut on June 28, followed by the second chapter on Aug. 16.