By EIRIAN JANE PROSSER  
 Published:  10:35, 14 March 2024   |  Updated:  11:56, 14 March 2024   
 22
View  comments
Tina Malone made the tragic announcement yesterday that her husband of 13 years, Paul Chase, had died suddenly aged 42.  
The actress, 61, who married the personal trainer in 2010, released a short statement to tell fans that the family were 'totally devastated'. She did not reveal his cause of death.
The heartbreaking loss of her partner is the latest in a string of personal tragedies and battles the star has overcome throughout the decades.
Opening up on her struggles with alcoholism, the actress admitted that before she went sober 25 years ago, she was drinking between 30 and 40 gin and tonics a day.
Despite overcoming her battle with booze, the star, who was diagnosed with bipolar disorder at age 28, was left contemplating taking her own life years later, even planning her own funeral after facing two 'hellish years'.
The depression came after she was arrested for possession of cocaine while performing at a pantomime in December 2017, just days before Christmas. 
Police arrived at the show, which had a crowd of 30 children, including the couple's own daughter Flame, who was then just four-years-old. She was subsequently sacked from the show, later declaring 'the panto thing killed me'.
A month later in January 2018, while 'high on anti-depressants' the star shared an  alleged image of James Bulger's killer Jon Venables, which saw her nearly jailed in 2019 after admitting contempt of court for posting the picture on Facebook.
Brookside star Tina Malone's heartbreaking last pictures with her husband Paul Chase showed them looking as loved-up as ever, just months before Paul's death
The happy couple pictured together on their wedding day in 2010. The pair went on to have a daughter called Flame in 2013 
Tina rose to fame in the 90s for her star role as Mo McGee in Brookside. She later went on to star in Shameless as Mimi Maguire 
Tina's personal woes eventually began to take a toll on her relationship with Paul, with both said to be struggling with mental health issues. After 18 months of trying to work through their issues Tina decided she wanted to divorce.
But just months later, in February 2020, the couple decided to reunite, with Paul having improved his mental health by rejoining the army. 
Despite her personal tragedies, Tina has continued to have success throughout her career. 
The English star first rose to fame after starring as Mo McGee in Channel 4 soap opera Brookside in the 90s. 
It was during this time that Tina overcame her alcoholism making the decision to go sober. 
Opening up about her decision to ditch alcohol last year she said: 'My biggest vice was always the drink and now I'm 25 years sober. Do I miss it? No I don't,' she previously told Closer. 
Tina said she has 'always been honest' about her past addictions - admitting she 'smoked pot' during her college days - but that alcohol was her 'drug of choice'.
After finishing Brookshire, she later landed a lead role as Mimi Maguire in Shameless, which ran between 2005 and 2013. 
During that time, she entered the Celebrity Big Brother house in 2009 but became the second person to be evicted. 
The English star first rose to fame after starring as Mo McGee in Channel 4 soap opera Brookside in the 90s
Tina  announced yesterday that her husband of 13 years, Paul Chase, had died suddenly aged 42. Pictured: The couple together in January 2014
In their last pictures together in August 2023, they shared a sweet kiss before larking about as he lifted her up in the air while celebrating their 13th wedding anniversary
Tina revealed the devastating news of Paul's passing on her X page on Wednesday evening, as she shared her devastation with her fans 
It was while starring in Shameless that Tina met Paul. After two years of dating the couple tied the knot in 2010 before welcoming their daughter in 2013 when Flame was 50. 
Tina is also mother to her daughter Danielle, 41, who she had when she was 18 during a previous relationship. 
The birth of the child led to some backlash from the public who said she was too old to have a newborn baby but Tina fiercely hit back at the critics.  
'Some will say I am selfish and irresponsible for having another child at 54,' she told the Sunday Mirror at the time. 
'They will moralise and abuse me – even more so for selecting the sex of our baby – and everyone is entitled to their opinion... 'But I don’t give two f***s for what they think.'
Four years later, however, Tina entered what she called the worst period of her life.
On December 22 2017 she was publicly arrested while playing the fairy godmother in The Sleeping Beauty for possession of a Class A drug. 
The star, who has always denied taking drugs during the show, was seized by cops and cautioned for possession after 'less than a line' of the Class A drug was found in her purse. 
Tina had just kissed her daughter and was walking to her taxi when the police stopped her. 
The English star rose to fame after starring as Mo McGee in Brookside in the 90s before landing a lead role as Mimi Maguire in Shameless in 2013
Tina entered the Celebrity Big Brother house in 2009 but became the second person to be evicted 
After the incident, she said she only accepted the caution so she could return to her toddler. Paul had taken Flame to a hotel waiting for Tina to return from the police station where she was eventually released at 3AM. 
'I swear on my daughter's life I'd never take drugs in front of children or while performing,' she told The Sunday Mirror.
'I told police it was a set-up but I took the caution because of Flame. To be honest, I'd have admitted to being Jack the Ripper right there and then to get back to her.'
Tina always claimed the drugs were planted in her bag and said the arrest was a set-up. The former alcoholic said she would have owned up if she were taking drugs. 
Tina later described 2017 as the 'year from hell' after loosing her role in the panto. She had planned to take her own life and even started to plan her funeral.
'I felt like a burden to everybody so I wrote to everyone to apologise and planned my own funeral,' she said in 2018. 'I needed this to work. The panto thing killed me. This has been the worst time in my entire life.'
Tina said she has 'always been honest' about her past addictions - admitting she 'smoked pot' during her college days - but that alcohol was her 'drug of choice'. 
A month later while 'high on anti-depressants' the star shared an alleged image of James Bulger's killer Jon Venables, which saw her nearly jailed in 2019 after she admitted contempt of court for posting the picture on Facebook.
James Bulger (left) and one of his murderers Jon Venables (pictured right). A court order was made banning publication of anything that reveals the identity of Venables
In 2019 Tina attended court where she admitted a charge of contempt of court for sharing a photograph on Facebook that allegedly showed Jon Venables. Pictured: Tina leaving the High Court in March 2019  
The actress was handed a eight-month prison sentence, suspended for two years, and ordered to pay £10,000 in court costs. Pictured: Tina leaving the court in March 2019
The actress was handed a eight-month prison sentence, suspended for two years, and ordered to pay £10,000 in court costs. 
Giving evidence during the court case in 2019 she claimed she was unaware of the court order granting Venables and Robert Thompson lifelong anonymity all over the world.   
She told the court: 'I turned up to do a pantomime at a theatre called 98 in Barrow-on-Furness and when I arrived it wasn't a theatre it was a nightclub. There were no toilets, no dressing rooms.
'I changed in front of 30 children every day in a leotard in the wings and the police came and arrested me and my daughter arrived and the paps were there. My four year old daughter was there and the police grabbed hold of me and arrested me.
'They said is this your bag and I said yes, and they opened it up. They opened up my eyelash case and they said is this yours. There were drugs inside. I projectile vomited all over the police and over the floor.'
The actress told the court she had been on 'high doses of anti-depressants six weeks after a mental breakdown' when she shared the photo claiming to show the murderer. 
The actress said: 'I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder when I was 28, although it was called manic depression then. I have felt like I have had it since I was seven or eight. 
Speaking last year about their relationship, despite being on the brink of divorce in 2019, Tina assured that 'things are good' now and her sex life is 'better' than ever (pictured 2015)
After her weight loss, Tina went on to spend £50,000 to remove her excess skin in 2015 in order to maintain her new found confidence in herself
'Last year or the last two years was the worst two years of my life. And so yes, I was bad, really really bad. I was for the first time in my life, I was actually suicidal in the December of 2017 and January 2018.' 
It was throughout the 18 months between pantomime incident in 2017 and the court case in 2019 that her relationship with Paul was also on the rocks. The couple tried to work on their relationship but Tina eventually decided she wanted a divorce. 
It led to them briefly separating in 2019 before getting back together just months later in February 2020
Following their reunion, the soap star said their relationship was back to normal and said their 'love never went away.'
She told Closer magazine at the time: 'The love never went away, we're working on things now, our problems were compounded by depression but I learned that in tough times you have to pull together and not apart. 
'We were either arguing, bickering or not talking at all, I'd end up putting Flame to bed and falling asleep next to her.
'Paul and I had always had a great sex life but were barely touching each other. At one point, we didn't have sex for five months.'
Speaking last year, despite being on the brink of divorce in 2019, Tina assured that 'things are good' now.
She explained: 'Even in times when I've loathed him, and we all have that in relationships, in the worst of times - never ever has he not turned me on. We've always had that attraction.
'Sex just gets better as you get older. I'm 60 so I'm comfortable with myself. I like to think I'm accomplished at most things in my life now - and that applies in the bedroom too!
'Paul and I still have so much passion, after 13 years you know each other so well. He still gives me butterflies.'
For confidential support, call Samaritans on 116 123 or visit samaritans.org 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group