By GEORGE ODLING FOR THE DAILY MAIL 
 Published:  00:44, 12 October 2024   |  Updated:  01:34, 12 October 2024   
 71
View  comments
Shops have begun using groundbreaking artificial intelligence cameras that alert staff when someone is stealing in a bid to crack the shoplifting epidemic.
The technology recognises suspicious gestures – such as goods being stuffed into bags – and sends a message to workers containing footage and the area in which the theft is taking place.
Chains such as Holland & Barrett and Premier Store have started using the AI system from X-hoppers as offences have soared 30 per cent in a year to the highest level in two decades.
Almost 444,000 shoplifting crimes were recorded by police in the year to March – up from 342,428 in the previous 12 months. Fiona Malone, owner of Tenby Stores in south-west Wales, installed the technology in September last year as shoplifters were costing her £26,000 a year and she was struggling to persuade police to take cases forward.
Pictured a demonstration in House of Spells in Covent Garden: The technology recognises suspicious gestures – such as goods being stuffed into bags – and sends a message to workers containing footage
AI-based security cameras are potentially marking customers as 'shoplifting suspects' if they perform common place actions
She said offending has halved – saving her thousands of pounds. ‘We are a relatively small shop and it reached the point where it was simply unsustainable and something drastic had to be done,’ she said.
AI cameras scan customers and flag the following actions: 
‘We provide the Post Office service plus we are the only bank in the area, so if we were to close down then people would have to travel two hours for these services. So our customers understand why we have had to take these measures.’
Since the AI system was installed, Mrs Malone and her husband Vince have caught multiple thieves, including a woman who stuffed dozens of bottles of vodka into a holdall.
‘If anyone in the shop makes a suspicious gesture – putting something in a bag or their pockets – then the AI detects that and immediately links the video to my phone or my headset,’ said Mrs Malone.
‘We wouldn’t ask staff to tackle thieves but if it’s me or Vince and we have the clear evidence, then we do. This technology has truly been a game changer for us.’ Shoplifting cost retailers almost £8billion last year, but just 17 per cent of offences recorded resulted in a charge, with more than half of investigations closed with no suspect identified.
Should a customer perform any gestures or movements it deems 'suspicious', the shop owner will be alerted to a possible shoplifter and their image will be saved
AI company Veesion currently operates in over 250 stores in the UK in chains including Spar
The shocking national picture prompted the Mail on Sunday to launch its End the Shoplifting Epidemic campaign a year ago.
The AI technology does not come cheap, with Tenby Stores paying £1,000 every month for the service.
‘That’s a lot of money for us but if it makes our customers feel safe and makes the business more sustainable, then it’s worth it,’ she added.
The AI technology can also identify if a customer is swivelling their head to look for a staff member, and will send an alert to the headsets of employees who can help.
X-hoppers chief executive Ian Rowan said: ‘Everything that’s going on in the store, whether it’s a buying gesture or a theft detection, will also put a message into the headset.
‘If I put my hand in my pocket, CCTV should recognise what’s going on and send a message into the headsets to say a theft has been detected. It recognises what’s happened based on movement recognition.’

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group