Plus, check out Billboard's New Music Latin weekly playlist below!

New Music Latin is a compilation of the best new Latin songs and albums recommended by Billboard Latin and Billboard Español editors. Check out this week’s picks below.




	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Greeicy		
					






















	
		
					Grupo Frontera		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

Prince Royce, Llamada Perdida (Sony Music Latin/Smiling Prince Music)

	A lot has happened in Prince Royce’s life since his last studio album, Alter Ego (2020). After the pandemic derailed his promotion and touring plans for that set, the bachata star also went through a divorce in 2022, following a 12-year relationship. Now he presents his most personal work to date in Llamada Perdida, “a celebration of overcoming obstacles, especially in love, [which] represents the end of a life chapter as well as the acceptance of a new beginning,” as described in a press release.

	












	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Mase Wants Fans to Vote If He Should Attend Diddy's Trial		
	



	05/02/2025	







	With 23 mostly bachata tracks, but also fusions with uptempo/disco (“Morfina” with Paloma Mami), regional Mexican (“Cosas de la Peda” with Gabito Ballesteros”), merengue (“Matar el Sentimiento”), urbani (“¿Cómo Salimos de Este Lío?” with Lenny Tavárez) and more, Llamada Perdida — Spanish for “Lost Call” — takes us on a fascinating roller coaster of emotions. It is heartbreaking in “Un Papel,” which speaks directly about the pain of the separation (or in “Frío en el Infierno,” about letting go of the loved one), funny in “Los Lambones,” and hopeful in “La Vida Te Hace Más Fuerte.”

	Royce’s eclectic group of guests includes stars such as Nicky Jam and Jay Wheeler, on the delicious bachata “Si Te Preguntan…“; Maria Becerra on “Te Espero” (with a surprising lift of Cutting Crew’s 1987 Billboard Hot 100-topper “(I Just) Died in Your Arms”) and El Alfa on “Le Doy 20 Mil”, but also less-predictable names like New York rapper A Boogie wit da Hoodie (“Boogie Chata”), Dominicans Ala Jaza (“Sufro”) and Luis Miguel del Amargue (“Anestesiada”).

	“I think the overall concept of the album is the form of communication,” Royce told Billboard Español when explaining why he chose its title. “If you take the call, [with] that decision, something can happen. If you don’t take it. If you say something; if you don’t. If you send a drunk text; if you don’t send it.” It is, all in all, a charming and deeply honest set that will make you dance and reflect. — SIGAL RATNER-ARIAS











Pepe Aguilar, “Hasta Que Me Duermo” (Equinoccio Records)

	Pepe Aguilar has always lived between two worlds: The ranchera music he carries in his veins, and the pop/rock he loves to play. In “Hasta Que Me Duermo,” (penned by Pablo Preciado) from his upcoming album, Aguilar brings the two currents together, sonically and visually. An emotional ballad, it kicks off to the strains of electric guitar, with Aguilar –dressed in black leather– playing the instrument in the video, before he transforms into full ranchero regalia to the strains of trumpet. The two sounds and looks intertwine throughout the song –which is no easy task to accomplish seamlessly– but the real star here are the immediately memorable melody and the lyrics (“In my house, everything is the same, to be honest; I can’t even push you out with someone else’s kisses”).  This is fine pop, romantic but contemporary. — LEILA COBO

Greeicy, Yeliana (Universal Music Latino)

Greeicy has given birth to her third studio album Yeliana — one she’s been working on since her pregnancy in 2022. Home to nine tracks, the conceptual set tells the story of Yeliana (Greeicy’s second name), “a single mother working to fulfill her career goals while battling challenges such as an unexpected pregnancy and relationship troubles,” and it “represents all those who are fighting to be good mothers while pursuing their dreams and overcoming obstacles,” explains an official press statement. On an even more personal level, the album finds the Colombian artist co-writing her own music for the first time — closing track “De a Poco” is the perfect example, where she pens potent lyrics of resilience, self-worth, and optimism following a toxic relationship. 

	










	In Yeliana, Greeicy fuses her distinct Latin pop sound with other rhythms, as heard in her Danny Ocean-assisted “Zha,” a sultry electro-urban fusion that references a sensual connection between two people whose bodies want “zha, zha, zha.” “I know you have a super power/you can tell that you know how to move/come get close to my body to see,” the Venezuelan artist kicks off in his raspy tone. “Your body and mine, it’s so good, I don’t want it to stop,” Greeicy sings back in the only collab on the set. Other notable tracks on the album include “Lokita,” “Vete,” and “Química.” — JESSICA ROIZ

Farruko, “Rasta Reggae (Jamming)” (Island Records/UMG)

	In his contribution to the soundtrack for Bob Marley: One Love, Farruko pays tribute to the reggae legend with a fresh take on Marley’s 1977 hit “Jamming.” Known for his tropical flair and dancehall nuances, the Puerto Rican hitmaker merges reggae with Latin beats and cultural nods in a way that both honors the original’s influence and highlights his own identity and Caribbean roots. He is also the only artist featured on the soundtrack who was tasked with reimagining one of Marley’s hits, and he does so with aplomb. A masterful blend of tropical zest and Latin rhythms, Farruko diverges from the original’s pure reggae essence to introduce a swaggering track, with rich references to Latin culture and idyllic settings (“Flow caribe debajo ‘e la palmera”). Midway through the song, it adopts a dubbier tone, with Farruko rapping over the intensified reverb.

	“When the opportunity was presented to me, I chose ‘Jammin’’ because it is one of my favorite songs from Bob. I knew this was the one,” says Farruko in a statement “The process was incredible, because I got to sample his vocals in a song I was on. It was a wow moment for me, like if I actually recorded with the Bob Marley! It was an honor to take part and that this film will show he was more than a leader, he was a prophet, someone who forever changed the music culture and who made it a priority to fight for human rights and peace and equality. I very much identify with him.  He has always inspired me and we share something else so special, that island culture, it’s in our blood.” — ISABELA RAYGOZA











Grupo Frontera, “Quédate Bebé” (Grupo Frontera)

	Thriving on Grupo Frontera’s signature norteño style, “Quédate Bebé” is a new anthem-in-the-making for broken hearts. The lyrics are all too relatable, and for that we can thank songwriters Edgar Barrera and Keityn (plus Benny Blanco, who is also listed in the credits) who’ve continuously delivered songs that immediately strike a chord. In the song, Payo — the band’s lead singer — emotionally and evocatively sings about begging his bebé not to leave (and if she decides to leave, to take him with her). “There they are the tickets I bought for New York, the Post Malone concert tickets/ We were going to Japan, kiss on a balcony in Paris/ And Karol G has a new song, let’s dance to it/ Don’t leave, stay,” he sings with pathos as the cumbia builds up to a hip-swiveling release. — GRISELDA FLORES

Gaby Moreno, Dusk (Gaby Moreno/Cosmica Artists)

	Singer-songwriter Gaby Moreno, the recent Grammy winner for best Latin pop album with her X Mí (Vol. 1), continues to showcase her musicianship in her new album Dusk. The 10-song collection is a collision of the best of the American and Latin American worlds — not only combining English and Spanish but also fusing the folklore of both, walking between country music, blues, rock and Latin folk. “I want this to be my introduction to the Americana world, which is something that I’ve been trying to do for as long as I’ve been releasing albums,” Moreno says in a statement. “I’m a Latin artist, a bilingual artist, and there’s not a ton of representation in that department” she adds. 

	










	Co-produced alongside Nashville’s Dan Knobler, Dusk opens with the introspective “Let it Fade,” setting the tone for the musical journey. It includes Old West-tinged tracks like “New Dawn” and “A Song in My Heart,” where heartfelt rhythmic guitars create an optimistic anthem for life. The album further explores the rock’n’roll realm with dynamic pieces like “Solid Ground” and the whimsical “I’ll Be Your Baby Tonight,” while paying homage to the blues tradition with the timeless “Ain’t That The Way It Goes.” The melancholy melody of “Rainy Season” captivates, leading to a triumphant conclusion with the romantic finale, “Dance the Night Away.” “El Saber” (Dusk Version) is also part of the soundtrack to the film Radical, starring Eugenio Derbez. Dusk stands as a testament to Moreno’s artistic versatility, while pushing the boundaries for Latin representation in the anglo music industry. — LUISA CALLE

Listen to more editor’s Latin recommendations in the playlist below: 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.