Posty and Morgan Wallen look likely to knock Sabrina Carpenter's "Espresso" from the top.

													By
												

	Lars Brandle


Post Malone and Morgan Wallen are getting the party started in the U.K., where “‘I Had Some Help” is heading for No. 1. 

	If it holds its position, “I Had Some Help” (via Mercury Records/Republic) would become Posty’s third U.K. No. 1 single, and second this year following his assist on Taylor Swift’s “Fortnight” (EMI). Despite being one of the brightest stars in country, Wallen has yet to score a top 10 hit in the U.K.

	The superstar collaboration leads the Official Chart Update, and continues the hot streak for country music in the U.K. Based on midweek sales and streaming data published by the Official Charts Company, country could lasso three of the top 10, with Shaboozey’s “A Bar Song (Tipsy)” (American Dogwood/Empire) set to lift 3-5 and Dasha’s “Austin” (Warner Records) forecast to dip 8-9.





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Mase Wants Fans to Vote If He Should Attend Diddy's Trial		
	



	05/02/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Dasha		
					






















	
		
					Drake		
					






















	
		
					Kendrick Lamar		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	“I Had Some Help” looks likely to end Sabrina Carpenter’s two-week run at No. 1 with “Espresso” (Island) as the pop hit dips 1-2 on the chart blast. 

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	After cracking the U.K. top 10 for the first time last week, Tommy Richman’s viral hit “Million Dollar Baby” (ISO Supremacy/Pulse) improves 10-5 on the chart blast.

	As the controversy surrounding Kendrick Lamar and Drake’s beef continues to rumble on, Kdot’s diss track “Not Like Us” (Interscope) is forecast to continue its climb to No. 7. “Not Like Us” is one of the west coast rapper’s 23rd top 40 numbers in the U.K. 

	Also, notes the Official Charts Company, soul singer Myles Smith could make his top 20 debut on the chart with “Stargazing” (RCA), new at No. 12 on the chart blast.

	Finally, Macklemore’s is heading for a fourth top 40 appearance with “Hind’s Hall” (Bendo), the U.S. rapper’s pro-Palestine song. It’s new at No. 35 on the Official Chart Update. All proceeds from the song go to the United Nations Relief and Works Agency.

	All will be revealed when the Official Chart is published late Friday, May 17.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.