ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre, Senior Contributor. Forbes contributors publish independent expert analyses and insights. Hugh McIntyre covers music, with a focus on the global charts.
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
NASHVILLE, TENNESSEE - NOVEMBER 08: EDITORIAL USE ONLY Morgan Wallen performs onstage during the ... More 57th Annual CMA Awards at Bridgestone Arena on November 08, 2023 in Nashville, Tennessee. Morgan Wallen has now won the Song of the Summer race twice, which only a few stars—like Katy Perry, Drake, and Jay-Z—have managed before. (Photo by Astrida Valigorsky/WireImage)
Morgan Wallen has ranked among the most successful names in the American music industry for years now. The country musician has now tied a feat managed by only some of the biggest stars in the world as one of his most recent singles earns a very special honor.
“I Had Some Help” by Post Malone and Wallen was recently named Billboard’s Song of the Summer for 2024. The tune was always a contender for the prize, and it turned out not to be a very close race. The country duet ruled the Songs of the Summer chart throughout the season, never giving any other track a chance at the title.
Wallen has snagged this honor, which is considered one of the most coveted in the music business, before. His single “Last Night” was named the winner last year, and it became the relatively uncommon country tune to enter fall as the most successful cut in the U.S.
As he collects his second Song of the Summer, Wallen joins a very exclusive club of artists who have earned the distinction more than once. According to Billboard, he is now matched with superstars like Drake, Katy Perry, Jay-Z, Mariah Carey, and Usher.
Before Wallen, Drake was the most recent addition to this lineup. His singles “One Dance” with Wizkid and Kyla and “In My Feelings” finished the summer as the No. 1 track in America in 2016 and 2018, respectively.
Among the bunch, Jay-Z is the only name who hasn’t scored two Song of the Summer wins as a lead artist. Both of his smashes saw him taking a featured role. First, he joined future wife Beyoncé on “Crazy in Love,” which dominated in 2003. Then, he was credited on Rihanna’s “Umbrella” in 2007.
Andy Gibb was the first artist to win Song of the Summer twice—and he was also the first to do so two years in a row. His singles “I Just Want To Be Your Everything” and “Shadow Dancing” ended up on top in 1977 and then 1978. Wallen is just the second artist to manage the feat in back-to-back seasons.