Tina Malone has described the day her husband Paul Chase died as the 'worst day of her entire life' in a heart-wrenching social media post. The Shameless actress's spouse tragically passed away last month at just 42, and she has now shared an emotional tribute to him.
The 61 year old said her final goodbyes to her partner of 13 years at his funeral two weeks ago, and six weeks after his death, Tina has spoken out about her sorrow, revealing that the day Paul died was the moment her " world fell apart".
On Twitter, she posted: "Six weeks ago today was the worst day of my entire life, my world fell apart, my hubby Paul is dead, but he lives forever in my heart x."
Support poured in from fans who responded to her heartfelt words. One fan expressed their condolences, saying: "So sorry for your loss. Heartbreaking news condolences to you and your family," while another sent their love: "Sending you and Flame big hugs Tina. When you did interviews you both came across so down to earth and relatable."
READ MORE: ITV The Chase's Bradley Walsh 'gutted' as he declares he's 'never done this before' in show first
Tina and Paul tied the knot back in 2010 and welcomed their daughter, Flame Chase, into the world in 2013 when Tina was 50. The couple parted ways after nine years of marriage, although they had been a pair for 11 years, according to OK!.
But in a turn of events, February 2020 saw them reunite, declaring they were together again and happier than ever.
At Paul's funeral in Liverpool, his family bid him a poignant goodbye. Tina, dressed in mourning attire, was the picture of grief as she headed the procession from her home, surrounded by loved ones, friends, and members of Paul's regiment, with many sporting their regimental ties.
Tina, also known for her role in Brookside, has recently opened up on social media about feeling 'broken' and 'so bereft' after losing her husband. The actress, famed for her portrayal of Mimi Maguire in Channel 4's Shameless, announced Paul's death back in March.
While the cause of death is still unknown, Tina has been vocal in thanking everyone for their support since his passing on March 13.
She returned to social media, posting on Twitter to share the heart-wrenching details of her final hours with Paul at home. She wrote: "Four weeks ago at 4pm today my hubby made scrambled eggs, bacon, beans, sausages for flame, kissed me and said see you later.... 10 hours later he was dead, I am broken, so bereft."
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.