The new extended version of the film will include five tracks edited out of the theatrical release
Taylor Swift’s blockbuster concert film, Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour, finally arrives on Disney+ this week, but what time will it be available?
During the film’s cinematic run in late 2023, it earned over $250million at the box office, making it comfortably the highest-grossing concert film of all time.
News of its impending arrival on Disney+ was confirmed last month, with the streaming service saying that the version on offer will be the ‘Taylor’s Version’ cut of the film, which includes the performance of ‘Cardigan’, as well as four acoustic songs that were removed from the theatrical edit.
Check out the latest trailer for the new version of the film:
In a four star review, NME wrote about the film: “It’s a staggering feat. In the space of one seamless performance, Swift is at turns a playfully eccentric artist, a country star and a genuine pop icon… Of course, as The Eras Tour proves time and again, Taylor Swift can do pretty much whatever she wants.”
Swift announced at last month’s Grammy Awards that she is set to release a new album, titled ‘The Tortured Poets Department’, on April 19.
The record will mark her 11th studio album. It follows her 2022 record ‘Midnights’, and more recently the singer’s re-recordings of ‘Speak Now’ and ‘1989’. The album has been confirmed to feature Post Malone and Florence + The Machine.
Elsewhere at the Grammy Awards, Taylor Swift was awarded Album Of The Year for ‘Midnights’, marking her fourth win in the category. With the win, Swift is now the all-time leader in Album Of The Year wins, setting a new record. She was previously tied for three wins alongside Stevie Wonder, Paul Simon and Frank Sinatra.
Swift also recently closed the Singapore leg of her record-breaking world tour. It was reported that the singer’s appearance was likely to boost the country’s GDP by more than £155million ($200million).
The film will be available to watch for subscribers to Disney+ starting at 9pm ET/6pm PT on March 14 for US viewers, which translates to 1am GMT on March 15 for those in the UK.
The corresponding times will be the same for all other territories that have access to Disney+, other than Turkey, who will be able to watch the film from April 3.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.