Taylor Swift performs onstage for the opening night of “Taylor Swift | The Eras Tour” at State Farm Stadium on March 17, 2023 in Swift City, ERAzona (Glendale, Arizona). The city of Glendale, Arizona was ceremonially renamed to Swift City for March 17-18 in honor of The Eras Tour.
It is just a "Fortnight" until Taylor Swift hits the road again, continuing her Eras Tour in Europe. Since the pop icon dropped her 11th studio album, The Tortured Poets Department, a week ago, Swifties are believe this new album will be added to the Eras Tour.
Naturally, Swifties took to social media to share their thoughts about the Easter eggs Swift loves to give fans. As we know, Swift's Eras Tour concerts last over three hours. On May 9, Swift will be in Paris for four nights, joined by Paramore. As we previously reported, Paramore frontwoman Hayley Williams thought Swift's songwriting on the album was "impressive." Though Swift hasn't clearly confirmed if TTPD will be added to the tour setlist, she dropped a YouTube Short that suggests she will.
Using audio from her opening album track with Post Malone, Swift posted a black-and-white clip on Thursday night (April 25). Captioning the #ForAFortnightChallenge video, "A fortnight til Paris [white heart emoji]," eagle-eyed fans broke down the hints in the video.
In the 15-second clip, Swift is seen practicing for her Eras Tour, singing, dancing, and playing the piano. One brief moment in the video sent Swifties into a frenzy. Swift is seen standing next to a silver railing that eagle-eyed fans quickly surmised was in the shape of the TTPD logo. Others also noted that the video appeared to feature new choreography and outfits that have not yet been rolled out, further proof that a new Era is potentially on the horizon.
One fan commented, "HOW IS NO ONE TALKING ABOUT THE TTPD SIGN SHES LEANING AGAINST?! OR WHAT ABOUT THE FACT THAT THE DANCERS ARE IN TOP HATS!?! ALL OF THIS IS NEW [crying emojis]." Another excitedly asked: "YALL IS THIS A NEW TTPD ERA IN THE ERAS TOUR?!? OMGG DYING CRYING SCREAMING RNN." A third excited fan exclaimed, "HOW IS NO ONE NOTICING THAT THE BACKUP DANCERS HAVE A HAT ON THEIR HEAD AND THEY ARE PRACTICING SOMETHING NEW!!"
Over on X (formerly Twitter), the theories were even more prevalent. A fan page pointed out: "The same shoes from the 'Fortnight' music video and a desk on the table teased during 'The Eras Tour' rehearsals for the European leg!"
Another Swiftie noted that the singer-songwriter teased the TTPD Era long ago when she posted a photo of her collection of microphones in different colors, symbolizing each of her Eras. The white microphone wasn't featured in the show, "Until now!!!" one fan said. In Swift's Shorts teaser, it can't be confirmed if the microphone she held was white, but it sure does look like enough and supports the other examples that TTPD will be featured in her tour.
Taylor Swift's 11th studio album, The Tortured Poets Department, has already come with surprise after surprise. From the double album release to the songs shading Kim Kardashian, Matty Healy, and Joe Alwyn, TTPD has "left no crumbs," as they say.
What stood out to us most about the 31 songs is that Swifties -- whether happy and in love or going through it -- all loved her dark and cheeky lyricism. Despite whatever mood you are in, it seems as though the pop icon has managed to perfectly balance vulnerable, crushing lyrics of hurt and heartache, all while giving her fans something to dance to and smile through the pain.
(Photo by Kevin Winter/Getty Images for TAS Rights Management)
I am not a Swiftie, but I can recognize when Swift, 34, has a hit. As a songwriter, Swift can be clever, and her usage of advanced vocabulary absolutely shines on this album. At other times, as pointed out by others on social media, Swift can be a little juvenile with some of her lines, making us wonder what the hype is all about.
However, compared to other successful pop artists of today, no one else does it like Taylor Swift. She reaches her fans worldwide with her lyricism and musicianship. Every album is an event, and this one is no exception. TTPD has been compared to her 2020 album, folklore, with fans commending her use of synths on this album as well.
Longtime collaborator and friend Jack Antonoff shared his love for Taylor on X (formerly Twitter) and listed his favorite tracks on the record, both of which actually ended up on our list as well. "!! FOTS heads lets go !!" he writes of the 7th track, "Fresh Out The Slammer." He later hyped up track 4, "Down Bad," as it "heads as well."
Though the album opener is bubbly and fun to dance to, the lyrics are actually pretty sad and depressing. Post Malone echoes Swift's lines: "I love you, it's ruining my life." Swift admits she was a functioning alcoholic, driven to be such because of her longtime ex, Joe Alwyn. She swooned over Posty on Instagram that she's been a "huge fan" of his because of "the writer he is, his musical experimentation and those melodies he creates that just stick in your head forever." We witness that "magic" on the opening track.
There are no shortage of synths on the album. Track number 4, "Down Bad" has fun instrumentation, matching the playful lyrics of the cosmic love she had for 1975 frontman Matty Healy. "Staring at the sky, come back and pick me up," she asks aliens. Of her short romance with Healy, she acknowledges the perception: "They’ll say I’m nuts if I talk about the existence of you." She's probably right. Admit it, you thought she was slumming when she was dating him.
Track 7, "Fresh Out The Slammer," is a fun track and the most dynamic of the bunch. The song's guitar reverb intro gives us Lana Del Rey and Orville Peck vibes. You can't help but dance along to this song. Near minute 3, the song slows down and changes the whole energy as the song wraps up.
By track 13, we get another lyrically depressing dance bop with "I Can Do It With a Broken Heart." The song is an anthem for those of us who have no choice but to push through the hard times. She sings,” I can show you lies…”, “Lights, camera, action, bitch smile, even when you wanna die.” The song is believed to be about the breakup with Joe Alwyn, as Swift at this time seemed unfazed about it, as reflected in lyrics: "I was grinning like I’m winning I was hitting my marks. ‘Cause I can do it with a broken heart.” You can’t help but dance along to the chipper, ‘80s feeling song. She declares at the end, "'Cause I'm miserable! And nobody even knows!" before challenging, "Try and come for my job."
In this synthy track, Swift sings about how she is a gem and she will always have a hold on her ex lover. Whether she will be your wife or smash up your bike, she's gonna get you back in track 18 of the double album. She declares, "I'll make you think twice you'll find that you were never not mine."
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!