A Guy with Stolen Stuff . . . Broke Into Prison? – LINK
A Guy Got High, and Then Became a Vigilante Crashing Into Bad Drivers? – LINK
A Woman Was Arrested for Doing Jumping Jacks . . . Naked . . . in Her Front Yard – LINK
After woman from viral traffic stop clip leaves jail, cops cuff her driver for same offense – LINK
Naked Man, 60, Arrested For Indecent “Scenario” On Florida Beach, Cops Say – LINK
Lincoln Woman Arrested After Exploiting Gas Pump Glitch To Get Free Gas – LINK
Teen student pilot tried to breach Alaska Airlines cockpit three times mid-flight, told crew he was ‘testing them’: docs – LINK
Leave keys at the front door: Toronto police constable gives BIZARRE advice amid rising car theft – LINK
A Drunk Driver Didn’t Know the Difference Between “Blowing” and “Sucking” During a Breathalyzer Test – LINK
World Video Game Hall of Fame – LINK
MUSIC
Bon Jovi’s countdown clock at BonJoviForever.com has struck zero and the band has announced a new single called “Legendary”! Bon Jovi is also releasing their 19th studio album, ‘Forever’, on June 7th!  
Willie Nelson is putting out a New Album called ‘The Border’ will be available on May 31! This album will include 10 newly recorded Willie Nelson studio performances including four new Willie & Buddy Cannon compositions… Pre-order now and listen to the title track here: – LINK 
Organizers of the Bloodstock festival in Catton, England had a bust of late Motorhead frontman Lemmy Kilmister made that will hold some of his ashes and be on display during this year’s event, August 8th through the 11th. And the bust with the ashes will be on display at the festival each year in the future – LINK
A new signature Jimmy Page guitar from Gibson replicates the doublenecked guitar he made famous when playing “Stairway to Heaven” live with Led Zeppelin. Only 50 copies of the Jimmy Page 1969 EDS-1275 Doubleneck Collector’s Edition have been made. And each one has been signed by Page – LINK
Jelly Roll told “GQ” that he, quote, “regrets 98% of his tattoos . . . almost all of them.”  His best advice if you’re thinking about getting a tattoo, is don’t go cheap.  He said, “If you can’t afford the artist you want right now, start putting money in a coffee can until you can.”
Justin Timberlake surprised fans at an L.A. concert Wednesday night with an ‘N Sync reunion. They performed a four-song set, including their new song “Paradise”, and this classic – LINK
TV
Ty Burrell from “Modern Family” is returning to ABC with a new comedy called “Forgive & Forget”.  It’s inspired by the experiences of caring for a parent with Alzheimer’s disease – LINK
While The Bear is shooting season three, it looks like the cast and crew will roll into season four. Multiple sources report that the FX/Hulu series has been picked up for a fourth season and will shoot episodes back to back with the upcoming season – LINK
MOVIES
30 years after the original, we’re getting our first trailer for ‘The Crow’ remake which will be out on June 7th. Ozzy Osbourne and Post Malone‘s “Take What You Want” is featured in the trailer for the remake of The Crow that’s due out later this year.
By now you’ve probably heard the name Brian Peck.  He’s the guy who did time 20 years ago for sexually abusing “Drake & Josh” star Drake Bell. The story is detailed in ID’s docuseries “Quiet on Set: The Dark Side of Kids TV” premiering this weekend. But Peck was called out in an earlier documentary about child abuse in Hollywood.  It’s called “An Open Secret”, and you can watch it on Vimeo. And there’s a pretty uncomfortable clip featuring a 17-year-old Leonardo DiCaprio clowning around with Peck on the set of “Growing Pains”, where Peck was working as a dialect coach – LINK
Judd Nelson says he politely declined to be in Andrew McCarthey’s Brat Pack documentary – LINK
NEW IN THEATERS:
“Arthur the King“  (PG-13)  Mark Wahlberg plays a professional adventure racer who bonds with a street dog that starts following his team during a championship race where he has to climb, bike, and kayak his way 435 miles across the Dominican Republic.
“Love Lies Bleeding“  ® A crime thriller starring Kristen Stewart as a gym owner who helps her father (Ed Harris) dispose of the bodies of his business rivals.  Things spin out of control after her bodybuilder girlfriend gets hooked on steroids, and more bodies start piling up. The girlfriend is played by Katy O’Brian, who you may remember as Imperial communications officer Elia Kane on “The Mandalorian”.  The rest of the cast includes Jena Malone as her sister and Dave Franco as Jena’s abusive husband.
“One Life“  (PG)  A war drama based on the true story of a British humanitarian named Nicholas Winton, who helped save hundreds of Jewish children from being murdered by the Nazis in Czechoslovakia during World War II. It stars Johnny Flynn and Anthony Hopkins as Winton, Helena Bonham Carter as his mother in the flashbacks, and Lena Olin as his wife in the present.
“Prey”, an action thriller starring Ryan Phillippe and Mena Suvari as missionaries fleeing their post in the Kalahari Desert after their lives are threatened by extremists.  Emile Hirsch is also in it as the pilot of the plane they try to escape in.
“Knox Goes Away” starring and directed by Michael Keaton.  He plays a contract killer with a very rare form of dementia, fighting to keep his grip on reality as his memory becomes increasingly unstable.  Al Pacino and James Marsden are also in it.
NEW IN RECORD STORES AND STREAMING:
The fourth solo album from Scott Stapp of Creed is called Higher Power.
The Black Crowes‘ first album of new material in 15 years is titled Happiness Bastards.
The latest solo EP from Chris Shiflett of Foo Fighters is called Starry Nights & Campfire Lights.
AND FINALLY:
The Top 9 Best Kevin Nealon Roles
TV TONIGHT
Friday, March 15th – Sunday, March 17th
TOP TALK SHOW GUESTS:
DON’T MISS TV:
WHAT TO STREAM:
SATURDAY:
SUNDAY: 
WHAT TO STREAM:
All listings are subject to change
Need help accessing the FCC Public File due to a disability? Please contact Melissa Johnson at publicfilestlouis@hubbardradio.com
This web site is not intended for users located within the European Economic Area.

YouTube Terms of Service |
        Google Privacy Policy |
        Google Terms of Service 

© 2025 Hubbard Radio St. Louis, LLC