By DEIRDRE DURKAN-SIMONDS FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  18:02, 2 February 2024   |  Updated:  20:05, 2 February 2024   
 42
View  comments
Jennifer Lopez showcased her casual-cool style in a fuzzy blue sweater over a white t-shirt while arriving to NBC Studios to promote her upcoming film This Is Me...Now: A Love Story.
For her upcoming television appearance in New York City, the superstar, 54, wowed in a pair of high-waisted jeans that had gold floral embroidery running across her waist and hips.
The two-time Grammy nominee accessorized her chic ensemble with a pair of nude pumps, oversized sunglasses and a gold pendant necklace.
Her light brown tresses cascaded down her shoulders in loose waves and she sported a face full of radiant makeup that brought out her natural features. 
Jennifer Lopez showcased her casual-cool style in a fuzzy blue sweater over a white t-shirt while arriving to NBC Studios to promote her upcoming film This Is Me... Now
Her highly-anticipated musical film's release on February 16 coincides with the release of her brand new album, This Is Me... Now. 
While teasing the film last month, the mother-of-two said she has never 'been this nervous, excited, scared and thrilled to share something with' her fans 'in years.' 
'The story of the journey from This Is Me…Then to This Is Me…Now is the most personal thing I’ve ever done,' she wrote on Instagram. 
In a [press release from Amazon MGM Studios, the project is described as 'nothing you’ve ever seen from' the On The Floor hitmaker. 
The movie, directed by Dave Meyers, was created to be a 'narrative-driven cinematic odyssey' with 'fantastical costumes, breathtaking choreography, and star-studded cameos.' 
Her husband Ben Affleck, Trevor Noah, Kim Petras, Post Malone, Keke Palmer and Sofia Vergara are among some of the stars listed in the film's cast.  
Ultimately, Lopez worked hard for it to be an 'introspective retrospective of' her heart as she releases her first record in a decade. 
'It’s definitely kind of a meta story about the journey that it takes from getting from heartbreak back to love… I am somewhat of an expert you could say in a real way. Not so much about marriage but on weddings,' Lopez, who has been married four times, told Variety in January. 
For her upcoming television appearance, the superstar, 54, wowed in a pair of high-waisted jeans that had gold floral embroidery running across her waist and hips
She continued: 'Again, I don’t take myself too seriously, I think that life is a crazy journey where you fall down and you get back up, and you keep trying and you never give up.' 
JLo shares children Emme and Max, 14, with her third husband Marc Anthony, and was previously married to Ojana Noa and Cris Judd. 
In 2022, she married Ben, 20 years after the actor first proposed.
As for how Ben feels about the meta music video showing his bride happily walking down the aisle over and over - and with one groom that looks like him - the Oscar winner understands it's all part of being a pop star.
'He sees me as an artist. He knows that I’m going to express myself. He’s my biggest fan and my biggest supporter, as I am of him,' she told the outlet.
Her husband Ben Affleck, Trevor Noah, Kim Petras, Post Malone, Keke Palmer and Sofia Vergara are among some of the stars listed in the film's cast (seen last month with her spouse at the Golden Globes) 
The music video for her first single off her upcoming album, This Is Me... Now, called Can't Get Enough, released last month, begins with her in a heart-shaped cutout wedding gown as she readies to say 'I do' during an elaborate ceremony. 
'Til death do us part,' she whispers, as two guests at the wedding make a joke about JLo getting married once again, as they mutter, 'I told you she can't be alone.'
The video quickly shifts gears and showcases Jennifer throwing all her Fly Girl dance experience to the floor as she hits the choreography with aplomb.
The video keeps up the theme of poking fun at JLo and her many real-life marriages as guests continue to comment on her fickle romances.
The video ends with JLo appearing to be in an office, working out the demise of her marriages as voiceovers of the husbands can be heard giving their reasons for 'irreconcilable differences'.
'She doesn’t listen, she thinks I’m her employee, all she does is work, and if she’s not working, she’s tryin to find more work… add that to the defensiveness, the constant criticism....' is heard as the music video ends with a place card reading: 'To be continued.'
The lyrics are also a reflection of her Hollywood romances, especially with Ben, as she sings, 'Is this real life? Too good to be true.
'Take me all night. I can still feel the passion in your eyes. I'm so in love with you. Give me that touching, teasing, so good I can't believe it.
'Don't wanna share with no one else. You're always the one I needed. Don't gotta keep a secret but I'll let you keep me to yourself.
'It's the way you love me. The way you touch me. It's the way you look at me. I can't get enough of you, boy.'
The music video for her first single off her upcoming album, This Is Me... Now, called Can't Get Enough, released last month, begins with her wearing a heart-shaped cutout wedding gown
It's not the only song dedicated to her husband on the album as Jennifer has also included a song called Dear Ben II, a follow-up to the track Dear Ben on This Is Me... Then. 
The new album contains songs including To Be Yours, Mad in Love, Greatest Love Story Never Told, Rebound and This Time Around, according to Billboard.
It comes after Jennifer confessed she and Ben still 'both have PTSD' from the glare of the spotlight on their first romance.
They dated in the early 2000s, sending their fanbases into a frenzy and attracting a storm of publicity around their infamous mega-flop movie Gigli.
The couple got engaged near the end of 2002 but broke the engagement in late 2003 before ending their relationship entirely in 2004.
In the intervening years, Jennifer married and divorced Marc, with whom she welcomed her twins. 
Meanwhile Ben married and divorced Jennifer Garner, with whom he amicably co-parents three children - Violet, 18, Seraphina, 14, and Samuel, 11.
Bennifer 2.0 reignited their relationship in 2021 and got married the following year, once again becoming one of the most talked-about couples in showbiz.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group