The Kidd Kraddick Morning Show

Paul McCartney reunited with his stolen bass… Movie news… Billie Eilish calls out big artists… 50 Cent is ‘seeking SOLE custody… and “Beyoncé revives a dying genre”
Cathy Guest was cleaning out her loft in Hastings — that’s in the East Sussex area of England — when she stumbled across an old guitar. Cathy checked Google to see if it was worth anything and realized her guitar had been stolen from Paul McCartney more than 50 years ago! Back in 1961 Paul paid £30 (or about $38) for a four-string Höfner 500/1 electric bass that he found at a shop in Hamburg, Germany. Paul used it to play on some Beatles classics including Love Me Do, She Loves You and Twist and Shout. But in 1972, the guitar was stolen from a van parked in west London and remained missing for five decades. But this past September, Höfner decided to find that legendary guitar, which led to Cathy’s ultimate discovery. Apparently, the guy who stole it sold it to a pub owner for a few bucks and a few free pints. The guitar was later given to Cathy’s late husband by his brother, with none of them realizing that its historical significance made it now worth more than £10 million (or roughly $12.6M)! After weeks of negotiations between Cathy and Paul’s music publishing company, the guitar is back in Sir Paul’s hands. A source said, “The family have been given a very significant thank-you fee.” It is believed to be six figures.
Beatles legend Sir Paul McCartney has been reunited with his beloved Höfner bass guitar that was stolen 51 years ago. David Muir reports. https://t.co/Rn6s11Vu2a pic.twitter.com/NRNRbkakc9
In movie news, Pirates of the Caribbean is getting a reboot, but it doesn’t sound like our favorite swashbucklers are coming back. Jerry Bruckheimer produces both Pirates and Top Gun. Jerry said, “With Top Gun you have an actor who is iconic and brilliant. And how many movies he does before he does another (Top  Gun) I can’t tell you…..But we’re gonna reboot Pirates…So that is easier to put together because you don’t have to wait for certain actors.” And by “certain actors” we assume he means Johnny Depp, Orlando Bloom and Keira Knightly. And by using the term “reboot” that usually implies starting over from scratch.  Meantime, Jennifer Garner will star in a new movie called Fruitcake. It’s about how Sandy and Kay Jenkins embezzled almost $17M from the Collin Street Bakery, which is the world’s most famous fruit cake bakery! Jennifer plays the embezzling wife.
The next ‘PIRATES OF THE CARIBBEAN’ movie is officially confirmed to be a reboot. (Via: https://t.co/PWw73flMHN) pic.twitter.com/9LlC2q2toi
Billie Eilish has a few words for some of your favorite artists who release multiple vinyl album variants to boost sales and album rankings. Without naming names, Billie said, “I find it really frustrating as somebody who really goes out of my way to be sustainable . . . It’s some of the biggest artists in the world making 40 different vinyl packages that have a different unique thing . . . Just to get you to keep buying more.  It’s so wasteful, and it’s irritating to me that we’re still at a point where you care that much about your numbers and you care that much about making money.” Now, Billie is guilty of releasing multiple versions, but her vinyls are made using 100% recycled black vinyl, recycled scraps for colored versions, and shrink-wrap made from sugar cane.
Billie Eilish calls out big artists for releasing several different vinyl versions for numbers and money. pic.twitter.com/6fL9hQwjpf
When 50 Cent’s ex-girlfriend Daphne Joy was named in a lawsuit as being on Diddy’s payroll as a “party favor,” for lack of a better term, he poked fun at her on social media but also decided he was going to go for sole custody of their 11-year-old Sire. She fired back, accusing 50 Cent of sexually and physically abusing her during their relationship, posting, “You are no longer my oppressor and my God will handle you from this point on.” She also blasted 50 for seeing their son only 10 times in 2 years when they live just one mile away from him. She said, “I am tired of upholding and protecting an image to our son that you have never even earned.” In a statement to Page Six, 50’s rep said, “The most recent false and baseless accusations by Daphne Joy are clearly in response to my decision to seek sole custody of my son. My son Sire is my main priority and keeping him in a safe environment is my only focus at this time.”
50 Cent seeking sole custody of his, Daphne Joy’s son after she’s named as alleged sex worker in Diddy lawsuit: report https://t.co/973InZkYgW pic.twitter.com/BHpQ1EqkTL
According to Page Six music critic Nicholas Hartman, Beyoncé has single-handedly saved country music. He wrote, “Country music has been on life support…Enter Beyoncé, whose new album Cowboy Carter (out Friday), is the revival that country music so desperately needed.”  Country Carter is Beyoncé’s eighth studio album, featuring 27 tracks for a total listening time of almost 80 minutes. That makes this her longest album to date.  But as Beyoncé told us, “This ain’t a Country album. This is a ‘Beyoncé’ album.”And she meant it. The album is a mix of country, pop, rock, gospel, trap, and opera…ITALIAN opera! Beyoncé busts it out in the middle of her song Daughter. We also get the expected appearance from Dolly Parton, who introduces Beyoncé’s updated version of Jolene, as well as duets with Miley Cyrus, Willie Nelson and Post Malone. Beyoncé also covers The Beatles’ Blackbird with Tanner Adell.
Beyoncé revives a dying genre on instantly timeless country album ‘Cowboy Carter’: review https://t.co/yszJkGgThj pic.twitter.com/KijdkomSPB

The Kidd Kraddick Morning Show