Hyperallergic

					Sensitive to Art & its Discontents				


							Privacy Policy												

Success! Your account was created and you’re signed in.Please visit My Account to verify and manage your account.
An account was already registered with this email. Please check your inbox for an authentication link.
We rely on readers like you to fund our journalism.  If you value our coverage and want to support more of it, please join us as a member.
Editor’s Note: The following post contains mentions of sexual assault. To reach the National Sexual Assault Hotline, call 1-800-656-HOPE (4673) or visit online.rainn.org.
‣ Hannah Bonner unravels the web of fast fashion, “slow art,” and the Kardashians’ catastrophic impact on the climate through the work of filmmaker Sara Sowell for the Los Angeles Review of Books:
To foreground the tensions between fast fashion and slow art practices, Sowell shoots on celluloid, and thus “recycles” the Kardashians’ images from their Hulu show, echoing the practices of structural filmmaker Paul Sharits, whom Sowell’s film describes as “the great recycler.” Color Negative is a polemic and visual pleasure, grappling with the history of capitalism as a cinematic attraction. After all, one of the very first actualities pictured workers leaving the Lumière factory in 1895. The Industrial Revolution gave rise to the mechanization not only of labor but also of entertainment, and to the subsequent representational intertwining of work and play. From Charlie Chaplin’s Modern Times (1936) to Radu Jude’s Do Not Expect Too Much from the End of the World (2023), the doldrums of labor continue to cinematically captivate us.
‣ Andrea Robin Skinner shared this week that after she was sexually assaulted by her stepfather, her mother — the late Canadian writer Alice Munro — covered it up. Her courageous essay on the abuse she faced and the ongoing healing process for the Toronto Star is moving but deeply difficult. Please take care while reading:
Get the latest art news, reviews and opinions from Hyperallergic.
I also wanted this story, my story, to become part of the stories people tell about my mother. I never wanted to see another interview, biography or event that didn’t wrestle with the reality of what had happened to me, and with the fact that my mother, confronted with the truth of what had happened, chose to stay with, and protect, my abuser. 
Unfortunately, that’s not what happened. My mother’s fame meant the silence continued.
‣ For the Intercept, Jonah Valdez reports on the companies courting Americans to buy property located in illegal West Bank settlements, profiting immensely from the continued displacement of Palestinian families:
But Cohen, the real estate agent, said that he’s seen demand for Israeli property increase since the war began. Before October 7, he would receive about four or five inquiries from homebuyers each week. While the immediate weeks after the attacks were quiet, interest has picked up over the last three months, parallel to a series of settlement expansions announced by the Israeli government. Cohen said he now gets 15 inquiries per week. 
Real estate companies are making an explicit appeal to wartime patriotism, leading with the conflict as a selling point and a reason to invest. 
“Although we are in the midst of the Iron Sword war,” said the Meny Group in promotional material on their website, using the Israeli government’s official name for the campaign, “the real estate market is booming.” Several other firms argued that investing in housing is a way for Jews to support Israel in times of conflict and instability. Firms also cited the early years of the Covid-19 pandemic as another crisis that the Israeli economy survived due to support from foreign and American buyers.
‣ Where has this been all our lives? The Eldest Daughters Club celebrates two years of supporting a community of children of immigrants through meet-ups and events across the United States, Iris Kim writes for NBC:
Over the past few years, discussions around “eldest daughter syndrome” have racked up over 31 million views on TikTok. Common signs of eldest daughter syndrome have been described as a strong sense of responsibility, guilt issues, overachieving and struggling with setting boundaries. But often missing in these early online conversations was how the eldest daughters of immigrants have specific cultural challenges that can amplify these traits.
Soojin Lee and Linda Yoon, therapists and founders of the Asian American mental health group Yellow Chair Collective, said that many of their eldest child clients face a unique kind of pressure from juggling multiple value systems: collectivist Eastern norms versus Western values of individualism. In some community-based cultures of immigrants, the firstborn has a special place in the extended family, bearing the weight of the family name and legacy. “As soon as there’s the first birth in the household, the eldest child pressure begins,” Lee said. She said that eldest children often break cultural or household rules to pave the way for their younger siblings, and that parents also admit to going easier on their second or third child.
‣ Scientists just figured out that ants have been amputating limbs to save each other even longer than humans have, Will Dunham reports for Reuters:
“In this study, we describe for the first time how a non-human animal uses amputations on another individual to save their life,” said entomologist Erik Frank of the University of Würzburg in Germany, lead author of the research published on Tuesday in the journal Current Biology.
“I am convinced that we can safely say that the ants’ ‘medical system’ to care for the injured is the most sophisticated in the animal kingdom, rivaled only by our own,” Frank added. 
‣ You’ve probably memorized the melody of Sabrina Carpenter’s “Espresso” by now, whether you wanted to or not — and some think there’s a shady reason why. Rebecca Jennings explains “payola,” Spotify’s complex algorithm, and what makes a hit for Vox:
Without resorting to stream-farming or some other hidden algorithmic boost, music marketers have gotten far savvier at predicting what will hit with listeners. What seems like sudden ubiquity for a song or artist is often extremely canny strategizing by well-connected industry insiders who are adept at responding to online chatter and listening habits. “People will tease songs for weeks, if not months, where the audio is already on short-form platforms but not commercially available on streaming services yet. People also test singles that way to see if their feelings on songs are right,” says Jenny Kaufman, the head of global streaming promotion at Crush Music. Post Malone and Morgan Wallen teased their song “I Had Some Help” on social media for months before it was released in May; it was recently the No. 1 song on the Billboard charts (though now second to “Please Please Please.”) “We’re seeing more and more artists drop full albums, we’re seeing more and more artists do less lead-in singles. That in part is due to the interest in seeing which songs fans will react to.”
‣ Polyglot TikToker Dan Mirea explains the surprising relationship between language and climate, and it’s a fascinating deep-dive into global linguistics *cries in no sabo kid*:
What climate is your language spoken in? #linguistics #language #psychology #phonetics #chineselanguage #russianlanguage 
‣ Do White guys who say “inshallah” think they just fell out of a coconut tree?
The deep history of white guys saying inshallah https://t.co/SWaRogelAm
‣ Let your freak flag fly!
it’s time to remove the taboo pic.twitter.com/nBmZROFT1l
‣ From the minds that brought you buccal fat, there’s a new societally reinforced insecurity in town:
good features, bad facial harmony.  cortisol facial balancing anti aging 
‣ Hell hath no fury like a bunny scorned:
she was so mad this morning idk why #bunny #tantrum #angrybunny #minilop
Required Reading is published every Thursday afternoon, and it is comprised of a short list of art-related links to long-form articles, videos, blog posts, or photo essays worth a second look.
We hope you enjoyed this article! Before you keep reading, please consider supporting Hyperallergic’s journalism during a time when independent, critical reporting is increasingly scarce.
Unlike many in the art world, we are not beholden to large corporations or billionaires. Our journalism is funded by readers like you, ensuring integrity and independence in our coverage. We strive to offer trustworthy perspectives on everything from art history to contemporary art. We spotlight artist-led social movements, uncover overlooked stories, and challenge established norms to make art more inclusive and accessible. With your support, we can continue to provide global coverage without the elitism often found in art journalism.
If you can, please join us as a member today. Millions rely on Hyperallergic for free, reliable information. By becoming a member, you help keep our journalism free, independent, and accessible to all. Thank you for reading.

							Lakshmi Rivera Amin (she/her) is a writer and artist based in New York City. She currently works as an associate editor at Hyperallergic.															
								More by Lakshmi Rivera Amin								

Only Members may post a comment. If you already have a membership, then sign in. Become a member now.
The feminist artist probed, mimicked, and remixed mass media to explore how information is disseminated, transformed, and assimilated. 
The temporary ruling comes as Trump moves to dismantle the Institute of Museum and Library Services and the National Endowments of the Arts and Humanities in a newly released budget proposal.
The annual series of free exhibitions, symposia, open studios, and runway shows featuring innovations in art and design is finally here. 
From criticism of mass deportations to hilarious roasts of the president, May 1 was a nationwide show of art-filled resistance against the Trump administration.
Amalia Mesa-Bains’s altars to memory, Akinsanya Kambon’s Pan-Africanist sculptures, colonial wine production, restaging Diane Arbus’s 1972 retrospective, and more.
Rich photographs by Wolfgang Tillmans, Steve Mallon’s odes to locomotives, Joanna Grabiarz’s joyful etchings, and so much more.
Amid pervasive uncertainty, queerness emerges as a deliberate unraveling of solidity across the diverse works of eight artists.
On view from May 6 through 18 in Medford, Massachusetts, this exhibition represents the 2025 MFA class and their journey through numerous “unprecedented” events.
Footage shows police storming the campus ahead of an unofficial showing of the documentary, which focuses on pro-Palestine student protests.
This week: surviving as an artist in New York City, nostalgic ’90s ads, Mohsen Madawi walks free, the Northern Lights speak, a seven-year-old’s gallery opening, and more.
Hyperallergic is a forum for serious, playful, and radical thinking about art in the world today. Founded in 2009, Hyperallergic is headquartered in Brooklyn, New York.

Enter the code sent to your email.


Email address



Enter your password



					Sign in by entering the code we sent to , or clicking the magic link in the email.				

Privacy Policy. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.						

						Get the best of Hyperallergic directly in your email inbox.					

						Sending to: