Thousands of people flocked to Newton, Iowa on the weekend of July 12th through July 14th for the Hy-Vee INDYCAR Race Weekend. This event is an exciting blend of IndyCar races and live concerts from some of the biggest artists in the music industry.
There was a doubleheader with two NTT IndyCar Series races, as well as the INDY NXT by Firestone race this year.
Next year's race weekend is set to return to the Iowa Speedway July 11th through July 13th, 2025.
The musical acts were a big draw this time around too! Each artist performed a full 90-minute set during their allotted times.
Luke Combs performed before the races on Saturday, July 13th whilst Eric Church took to the stage after the races concluded that evening.
Then on Sunday, Post Malone and Kelsea Ballerini wrapped up the weekend of races and concerts.
From the moment country star Kelsea Ballerini touched down in Iowa, she was having fun with the Hawkeye State audience.
She posted a video on her social media platforms that had young millennials and older Gen Z cracking up. As soon as she landed in Iowa ahead of her show at the Iowa Speedway on Sunday, she decided to film this silly video.
Ballerini used an audio clip from the 'Hannah Montana Movie' that came out in 2009. In this scene, Hannah/Miley lands in Tennessee, thinking that she's actually in New York and hilarity ensues.
This is the original movie clip...
Ballerini put this audio over a clip of her landing in Iowa. It was kind of perfect!
Watch the full video Kelsea did down below!
The caption reads, " lets play a show in Iowa shall we?!"
Right after her show in the Hawkeye State, it appears that Ballerini immediately went out to Los Angeles to shoot 'The Voice.'
The country singer is the latest star to sit in the highly coveted chair for the 27th season of the show, set to air in 2025.
Stay up to date with everything going on in Eastern Iowa by downloading the free station app from your app store.
Also, do not forget to follow the station across all social media platforms for the latest entertainment news updates.
Gallery Credit: Carena Liptak
Gallery Credit: Kerri Mac