By
			
			Maggie Dela Paz		

Paramount+ has confirmed the four new cast members who will be joining the upcoming Mutant Mayhem spin-off series Tales of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, which will debut on August 9, 2024.
Timothy Olyphant (Rango), Danny Trejo (The Book of Life), Christopher Mintz-Plasse (Trolls), and Jillian Bell (The Angry Birds Movie) have been cast to voice the roles of Goldfin, Pigeon Pete, Lee the Eel, and Mustang Sally, respectively. In addition, it has also been confirmed that Rose Byrne, Natasia Demetriou, and Post Malone will officially returning in the animated series. They will be reprising their respective roles as Leatherhead, Wingnut, and Ray Fillet from 2023’s TMNT: Mutant Mayhem movie. 
The series will also feature the return of the film’s vibrant cast, including Micah Abbey (Cousins for Life) as Donatello, Shamon Brown Jr. (THE CHI) as Michelangelo, Nicolas Cantu (The Walking Dead: World Beyond) as Leonardo, Brady Noon (Family Switch) as Raphael and Ayo Edebiri (The Bear) as April O’Neil. It will also include guest stars such as Pete Davidson as a mutant-loving rich kid RoRod, and Alanna Ubach (Ted) as Bishop, a brilliant inventor who believes mutants are the greatest danger to humanity.
“It explores the adventures of everyone’s favorite pizza-loving heroes as they emerge from the sewers onto the streets of NYC. Leo, Raph, Donnie, and Mikey are faced with new threats and team up with old allies to survive both teenage life and villains lurking in the shadows of the Big Apple,” reads the logline.
Tales of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles is a 2D animated series that serves as a sequel to the 2023 movie. It is executive produced by showrunners Chris Yost and Alan Wan. It is production by Nickelodeon Animation Studio and Point Grey Pictures.
Source: ComicBook
Maggie Dela Paz has been writing about the movie and TV industry for more than four years now. Besides being a fan of coming-of-age films and shows, she also enjoys watching K-Dramas and listening to her favorite K-Pop groups. Her current TV obsessions right now are FX’s The Bear and the popular anime My Hero Academia.
Share article