By
Erinn Callahan
After nearly a decade in Nashville, Morgan Wallen’s country music career has soared in the last couple of years. With songs like “Last Night” and the Post Malone collab “I Had Some Help,” the East Tennessee-born hitmaker has built a massive—and loyal—fanbase. And those fans are accustomed to Wallen sporting his trademark baseball cap during live performances. So naturally, the “Whiskey Glasses” singer’s decision to don a cowboy hat during a recent performance sparked some online conversation. Fortunately, the wardrobe change seems to have gone over well with fans.
On Tuesday (Sept. 17) the Instagram fan account @morgan_wallen_news shared a video clip of the singer performing at the 49th annual New York Honors Gala. In the video, Morgan Wallen sports a blue suit jacket and black cowboy hat as he sings an acoustic rendition of “Love Somebody” alongside Dominic Frost, ERNEST and HARDY.
Fans noticed immediately that the “Lies, Lies, Lies” hitmaker had swapped his usual casual look for a dressier one. And the consensus seemed overwhelmingly positive. “Oh that cowboy hat,” one user wrote, adding a red heart emoji.
A post shared by Morgan_Wallen_News (@morgan_wallen_news)
“This looks like the best acoustic show ever,” another fan chimed in. “Omg and the hat omg.”
“Morgan should wear that more,” added another fan, underscoring their sentiment with a fire emoji.
Wallen and fellow Big Loud collaborators ERNEST and HARDY paid tribute to the company’s Partner/CEO Seth England during the Sept. 17 event. England received the Lifetime Music Industry Award from the T.J. Martell Foundation, the music industry’s leading foundation that provides funds for innovative cancer research.
The day before his New York Honors Gala performance, Morgan Wallen took to social media to tease “Love Somebody.”
[RELATED: Post Malone and Morgan Wallen Have Something Exciting in the Pipeline]
“This one coming at y’all soon,” he wrote in the caption.
A post shared by Morgan Wallen (@morganwallen)
“I just wanna love somebody / Who won’t leave a hole in my heart / I just wanna love somebody / That don’t want it fallin’ apart,” Wallen sang in the clip.
One fan commented, “I need this released a week ago .. thank you.”
Featured image by Debby Wong/Shutterstock
When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission.
Only members can comment. Become a member. Already a member? Log in.
4 Songs with the Most Iconic Intros in Country Music
Watch Aerosmith’s Steven Tyler and Joe Perry Perform Together for the First Time in Two Years
Beyoncé Slapped With a Cease-And-Desist Over Tour Footage Involving the Las Vegas Sphere

			© 2025 American Songwriter			American Songwriter: a Savage Ventures Brand