"We had to ask him if he would get up and do a song with us"
Bob Mould recently joined Militarie Gun to cover Hüsker Dü’s ‘Makes No Sense At All’.
On Saturday (September 21) former Hüsker Dü frontman Mould was in Urbana for Pygmalion Music Festival, where Militarie Gun were also performing.
The former NME Cover stars are well known for their love of the punk trio, having previously covered their 1986 track ‘Don’t Want To Know If You’re Lonely’. After performing alongside Mould, the band took to Instagram to thank him for taking the time.
“Last night we had the honour of being joined by [Mould] to perform Husker Du’s classic ‘Makes No Sense At All’,” they wrote. Watch footage below.
Militarie Gun & Bob Mould“Makes No Sense At All” pic.twitter.com/3M8sTghcRY
— militarie gun (@militariegun) September 22, 2024
A post shared by MILITARIE GUN (@militariegun)
“Late last year I had been told by multiple people Bob was telling people he was an MG fan, so since we were both in town for @thisispygmalion we had to ask him if he would get up and do a song with us. Thank you Bob!!”
Mould was equally positive after the performance, and also took to social media to recount the moment. “Thanks to the Pygmalion folks for inviting me to ramble on about the history of the music business as seen through the eyes of an old punk rocker,” he wrote.
“After that, a “sizzling solos” set at Rose Bowl Tavern. Finally, a quick walk down Main Street in my wet stage clothes, guitar on my shoulder, pop in the back door of Gallery Art Bar, jump up with Militarie Gun for a quick version of ‘Makes No Sense At All’, THEN meet the guys for the first time. All in a day’s work.”
Speaking to NME ahead of their set at Reading Festival 2024, the Los Angeles five-piece named other artists they want to collaborate with. “We would love to do a song with Isaac Brock from Modest Mouse,” said Ian Shelton. “I would love to sing on a Gorillaz song, too, if ever that was a possibility.”
Earlier this year, the band also released a brand new song that doubles as Post Malone’s entrance music for 2K’s WWE 2K24. “I just got a text one morning saying [he] wanted a wrestling intro and they wanted me to write it,” Shelton recalled.
“I think he procrastinated doing it for a really long time. He was supposed to write his own, and then he had me do it instead. It was pretty funny.”
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.