Broadway + NYC
Broadway
Off-Broadway
Off-Off Broadway
Cabaret
Dance
Opera
Classical Music
United States
Eastern
Central
Western
Minneapolis / St. Paul
Connecticut
Atlanta
Chicago
Los Angeles
Central New York
West End
WEST END
UK Regional
International
Canada
Australia / New Zealand
Europe
Asia
Latin America
Africa / Middle East
Entertainment
TV/Movies
Music
Starring New York legends Peekaboo Pointe, Tansy, Fem Appeal, Pinkie Special, and GiGi Holiday alongside Maine's own GiGi Gabor (Curbside Queens), Vivian Vice, and more.
POPULAR
Burlesque Beyond the Beach returns to The Leavitt Theatre June 1, July 19 and August 31, 2024.
Reverend Legs Malone, the Minister with the 34.5 Inch Inseam is bringing her critically acclaimed burlesque and drag show back to Ogunquit's historic Leavitt Theatre. Celebrating its 99th season, the Leavitt is home to unique live entertainment and Rev. Malone's unique and titillating show. Enjoy award-winning cocktails and dinner before and during the show!
Starring New York legends Peekaboo Pointe, Tansy, Fem Appeal, Pinkie Special, and GiGi Holiday alongside Maine's own GiGi Gabor (Curbside Queens), Vivian Vice, Creme de la Phlegm, Ray Sunshine, Curly Casino and more! Hosted and produced by Rev. Legs Malone.
"I can't imagine a better home for Burlesque Beyond the Beach," says Malone. "The theater is gorgeous, the stage huge, and the drinks and food are only surpassed by the wonderful and hard working staff." Originally from New York City, Malone relocated to Maine in the early days of the pandemic. She quickly fell in love with the burlesque and drag scene in the Pine Tree State. She is proud to be contributing to the diverse and storied entertainment in Ogunquit for the 2024 season.
June 1, July 19 and August 31
Doors 7 | Show 8p-10p 
General Admission $27 | VIP $35
18+ 
Leavitt Theatre
259 Main Street
Ogunquit, ME, 03907
The Good Theater welcomed a full house of almost 500 to its newly renovated space at Steven Square on April 30 to begin a week of celebratory concerts, marking the theatre’s return to the Portland theatrical landscape after a year’s absence.
MCPKids! has announced the cast of their upcoming production of Dana Proulx's 'Fairy Tale Courtroom'. The play, under the direction of Danny Gay, will run next month at historic Cumston Hall in Monmouth.
The Johnny Mercer Foundation has announced the writers selected for their second annual Songwriting Intensive, part of the New England Music Camp at Snow Pond Center for the Arts.
The children are 'revolting' in the Waterville Opera House's production of Roald Dahl's Matilda the Musical. The children are “revolting” in the Waterville Opera House’s production of Roald Dahl’s Matilda the Musical. Performances run April 25 + 26 and May 2 at 7:30pm, with matinees April 27, and May 3 + 4 at 2pm.
Videos
Maine SHOWS
Recommended For You
Sign up for announcements, and exclusive discounts on tickets to your favorite shows!
© 2025 - Copyright Wisdom Digital Media, all rights reserved. Privacy Policy