Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
Gogglebox fans were left in stitches during a recent episode as the Malones hilariously attempted to recreate a juggling act from Britain’s Got Talent.
 During Britain's Got Talent on Saturday 18 May, the Messoudi Brothers took to the stage and blew everyone away with their routine as the duo stripped down to their underwear and switched outfits, all the while juggling! 
 As the Gogglebox cast watched the impressive audition on Friday 24 May, Julie Malone said: "Oh wow, this is good.” 
Her husband Tom replied: "Oh wow? I get dressed every f*****g morning and you don't go oh wow."
The family then attempted to recreate their own juggling routine with water bottles. "Got it! It's happening," Tom said, as he attempted to juggle the bottles with his son Shaun.
The fun didn't last long, though, when Tom exclaimed: "Oh! My tea's gone over!" before Julie added: "Oh no!"
Viewers found the interaction between them hysterical and shared their reaction on X. One wrote: "The Malone's juggling," alongside a group of laughing emojis.
Another added: "8 minutes into #gogglebox and I'm already howling.”
Despite the delight of the Malones' blunder, stars Dave and Shirley Griffiths left fans feeling blue after announcing the end of the current series on Channel 4.
The beloved duo from Caerphilly, who have been entertaining viewers since in 2015, took to Instagram to share a video message with their followers, revealing that the episode aired on Friday 24 May was the season's finale.
In the backdrop of their cosy of their living room, Shirley warmly told her fans: "Hi everyone don't forget to tune in tonight at 9pm, have a good weekend and enjoy the bank holiday. Lots of love, Shirl."
She then sent a loving kiss towards the camera, while Dave chimed in with his own heartfelt message: "Yes, sadly the last one tonight for the series so make sure you watch, all have a great summer. Oh and by the way, don't forget the voting for the NTAs (National Television Awards) has opened so if you can afford us a vote, Gogglebox, we'd appreciate it. Have a great summer, tara all, see you next time around."
The couple signed off the clip with a cheerful: "Have a great summer all see in September."
Fans reacted to the post with despair, one viewer asked: "Noooooo is this series over already? Have a lovely summer both. See you on the tv in September."
Another echoed the sentiment, adding: "I agree missing them already! ".