Do you want to combine your love for music and partying with a holiday?


  If this sounds like your kind of break away, look no further as Manchester Airport has rounded up the top destinations to visit for party season with flights available.


  In the list, you’ll find some of the biggest festivals that you can attend with a direct flight from Manchester whether you’re booking last minute or planning next year’s trip.


























                    View this post on Instagram
                
























A post shared by Tomorrowland (@tomorrowland)






A post shared by Tomorrowland (@tomorrowland)


  Dates: July 19-28


  Where: Near Brussels, Belgium


  Direct flights from Manchester Airport to Brussels with Brussels Airlines are available if Tomorrowland is your chosen festival.


  The airport says it is arguably Europe’s best known dance festival and will turn 20 next year.


  Almost half a million people will visit over the course of the festival near Brussels with the main stage being the backdrop for some of the dance scene’s biggest names like Swedish House Mafia and David Guetta.


  Dates: August 25-September 2


  Where: Nevada Desert, north west of Las Vegas


  Burning Man is available to attend every summer in the Nevada Desert, north west of Las Vegas.


  Manchester Airport shared that the organisers of Burning Man describe the festival as ‘a temporary metropolis dedicated to community, art, self-expression, and self-reliance’.


  The festival doesn’t involve any headliners or scheduled performances.


  Instead, it’s the attendees who shape the agenda at Burning Man, which takes its name from the burning of a large wooden effigy, representing ‘the man’, at the end of the festival.


  Those wanting to attend can fly direct to Las Vegas from Manchester Airport with Virgin Atlantic.


























                    View this post on Instagram
                
























A post shared by Sziget Festival (@szigetofficial)






A post shared by Sziget Festival (@szigetofficial)


  Dates: August 7-12


  Where: On an island near Budapest


  The Sziget Festival is an annual event which takes place on an island in the River Danube, just north of Budapest.


  Headliners this year include Stormzy, Sam Smith, Liam Gallagher and Martin Garrix.


  If this sounds like the perfect holiday for you, there are direct flights you can get to Budapest with Jet2.com, Ryanair and TUI.


  Dates: From July 29


  Where: Ibiza


  Ibiza is known as Europe’s party capital and among the highlights this summer is BBC Radio 1’s return to Ibiza Rocks Hotel for its renowned Dance X Pool Party on July 29.


  Music fans can look forward to Scottish DJ Calvin Harris on August 2.


  Fly out to Ibiza with direct flights from Manchester with easyJet, Jet2.com, Ryanair and TUI.


























                    View this post on Instagram
                
























A post shared by Wacken Open Air (@wackenopenair.official)






A post shared by Wacken Open Air (@wackenopenair.official)


  Dates: July 31-August 3


  Where: Wacken, just north of Hamburg


  If you’re a heavy metal fan, this could be the festival for you.


  It’s said to be the genre’s largest festival and will take place in the small town of Wacken, just north of Hamburg.


  It has been held in the town since 1989 and this year fans can look forward to seeing headliners Scorpions, Korn and Amon Amarth take to the stage.


  Direct flights are available from Manchester to Hamburg with easyJet and Eurowings.


  If you missed the following festivals this year, don't worry as you can book them for 2025.


  Dates: June 21


  Where: Spread across France but centred on Paris


  Fête de la Musique is a Summer Solstice festival that is spread across France but centred on Paris.


  While there won’t be world-famous headliners, attendees can expect the streets, parks and boulevards to be filled with colourful artistic displays and impromptu performances of live music.


  You can visit the largest free music festival in Europe and get there via direct flights from Manchester to Paris with Air France and easyJet.


  Dates: June 20-22


  Where: Reykjavik


  Dance the night away on the Summer Solstice with Iceland's Secret Solstice event in Reykjavik.


  You can expect a party under the Midnight Sun with three days of continuous sunlight and see a mix of Icelandic and international artists perform.


  Direct flights are available from Manchester to Reykjavik with easyJet, Icelandair, Jet2.com and TUI.


























                    View this post on Instagram
                
























A post shared by Roskilde Festival (@roskildefestival)






A post shared by Roskilde Festival (@roskildefestival)


  Dates: June 29-July 6


  Where: About 20 miles west of Copenhagen


  Roskilde is one of the busiest and oldest pop festivals in Europe, dating back to 1971.


  It takes place about 20 miles west of the Danish capital Copenhagen and its roots are in hippy culture but the mix of acts on offer nowadays is much more mainstream.


  Headliners this year included the Foo Fighters, Doja Cat and Charli XCX.


  Fly to Copenhagen direct from Manchester with easyJet, Norwegian, Ryanair and Scandinavian Airlines.


























                    View this post on Instagram
                
























A post shared by Hideout Festival (@hideoutfestival)






A post shared by Hideout Festival (@hideoutfestival)


  Dates: June 23-27


  Where: Near Zadar, Croatia


  Hideout gives music fans the opportunity to dance on Zrce Beach near Zadar, Croatia.


  The festival which has been running for around a decade is already attracting some of the EDM scene’s biggest stars.


  This year festivalgoers enjoyed performances from the likes of Eliza Rose, Alan Fitzpatrick and Manchester’s own Interplanetary Criminal.


  You can fly directly to Zadar from Manchester with Ryanair.


Recommended reading:


  Dates: June 12-16


  Where: Toronto, Canada


  A self-described ‘discovery event’, Canada’s NXNE festival has a reputation for giving a platform to the stars of tomorrow.


  The Lumineers, Grimes and Post Malone all made breakthrough performances here before being signed to big record labels.


  Performances take place in small to medium-sized venues across Toronto, giving festivalgoers the chance to explore the city.


  Air Canada and Air Transat will get you to Toronto with direct flights from Manchester.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.