ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
LOS ANGELES, CA - MARCH 20:  Post Malone behind the scenes before his Bud Light Dive Bar Tour show ... More in Nashville at Footsies Dive Bar on March 20, 2018 in Los Angeles, California.  (Photo by Rich Fury/Getty Images for Bud Light)
Post Malone earned a new No. 1 hit on the Hot 100 about a month ago. Now, he’s back on top of the competitive songs ranking again with an even newer smash.
“I Had Some Help” debuts at No. 1 on the Hot 100 this week. The tune, a collaboration with Morgan Wallen, launches atop the list of the most-consumed songs in the U.S.—and seemingly with ease.
In its first tracking period, “I Had Some Help” sold 69,000 copies, which is enough for the tune to stand out as the top seller in the nation. It was also a massive streaming win, as it racked up a massive 76.4 million plays on platforms like Spotify and Apple
Apple
 Music. The joint single is the most-streamed cut in the U.S. this time around.
The smash was also immediately adopted at country radio stations across the U.S. from the moment it was made available. The tune debuted on a number of Billboard’s airplay tallies last frame, based on very early, very intense attention. Radio spins also played a role in “I Had Some Help” opening at No. 1 on the Hot 100, as it earned an impressive 31.1 million audience impressions across all formats.
“I Had Some Help” marks Malone’s sixth No. 1 on the Hot 100. He last controlled the tally just a few weeks ago, when he and Taylor Swift debuted their joint tune “Fortnight” in first place. That cut ruled for two frames before beginning its decline.
Malone first ruled the Hot 100 in 2017, when “Rockstar” with 21 Savage hit the top spot. He earned two more leaders in 2018, as both “Psycho” with Ty Dolla $ign and “Sunflower” with Swae Lee took turns running the show. In 2019, he added “Circles” to his growing list of champions.
Wallen doubles his total number of Hot 100 rulers as “I Had Some Help” arrives. He topped the chart for the first time last year with “Last Night,” which proved to be a massive win. That cut owned the Hot 100 for 16 nonconsecutive turns, and it stands as one of the longest-running No. 1s ever.
Looking at their full count of top 10s, both musicians add to their career totals. Wallen has now earned nine top 10 smashes on the Hot 100. Malone scores his lucky thirteenth appearance between Nos. 1 and 10 this frame.
“I Had Some Help” replaces Kendrick Lamar’s “Not Like Us” at No. 1 on the Hot 100 this week. That Drake diss tune started in first place just last frame. Before that, Malone was ruling alongside Swift.