V’s New Music picks for the second week of February 
V’s New Music picks for the second week of February 
It’s safe to say that February’s second week is bringing us highly-anticipated new music. From comeback singles to album announcements, there’s a host of new releases you won’t want to miss this week! Kacey Musgraves and Maggie Rogers are each back with respective new singles that also function as title tracks to their upcoming just-announced albums due this Spring. Noah Kahan is officially closing out the chapter of his incredibly successful Stick Season album with one final deluxe edition entitled Stick Season (Forever), while Zara Larsson is entering a new era with the release of her VENUS album. Add these tracks and more to your playlist this month!
Country icon Kacey Musgraves has released a series of incredible duets this past year, including “I Remember Everything” with Zach Bryan, “She Calls Me Back” with Noah Kahan, and “Don’t Do Me Good” with Madi Diaz. But fans have been excitedly anticipating her next solo album endeavor since her most recent release, star-crossed, in 2021. Granting their wish, Musgraves announced her upcoming album, Deeper Well, this week, alongside the release of the album’s title track and the accompanying music video, beautifully shot in Iceland. The full project, due March 15, will have 14 tracks – and if the title track is any indication, the record will be sonically reminiscent of her Golden Hour era sound, much to the delight of many of her fans.
Genre-bending singer-songwriter Maggie Rogers has also released the title track of her upcoming project along with its music video, in tandem with her third studio album’s announcement. She spent the summer and fall performing “Don’t Forget Me” live while touring and playing at various festivals including Austin City Limits, gaining endless positive reception from fans, both in person and via social media. The vulnerable, stripped-down track showcases Rogers’ impeccable lyricism and powerful vocals, which we’re sure to hear more of as the full album releases April 12.
Grammy-nominee and global sensation Noah Kahan has gifted fans the final chapter of his Stick Season series – Stick Season (Forever). The project – complete with 30 tracks in total – includes his highly-anticipated new single “Forever,” which he’s teased on TikTok and has received immense support from fans, as well as two brand-new collaborations, “You’re Gonna Go Far” with Brandi Carlile and “Paul Revere” with Gregory Alan Isakov. The three new tracks join 21 previously released songs from 2022’s Platinum-Certified Stick Season and its 2023 deluxe version, Stick Season (We’ll All Be Here Forever), as well as the rest of his star-studded series of collaborations with Post Malone, Kacey Musgraves, Hozier, Sam Fender, Gracie Abrams, and Lizzy McAlpine. 
Global Latin icon Maluma is back with “BLING BLING,” a song released as part of the “happy corridos” movement created by the young Mexican artist Octavio Cuadras. The track is inspired by the 2023 version of “Bling Bling” with a new sound, lyrics, and production by Edgar Barrera, Christian Alberto Gutiérrez, and Juan Diego González Bastidas. 
Multiplatinum chart-topper Zara Larsson is back with her brand-new studio album VENUS. The 12-track project is accompanied by the official music video for her new single “You Love Who You Love,” co-directed by Larsson herself. The pop powerhouse’s dynamic sound and eclectic style make her one of music’s most essential stars to watch as she takes those qualities to the next level while exploring modern love on VENUS.
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!