arts entertainmentPop Music
By Thor Christensen
Like so many pop stars before him, singer-rapper Post Malone has switched to full-on country with F-1 Trillion, his new Nashville-certified album, due out Aug. 16.
Just don’t accuse “Posty” of hopping on a bandwagon. The Grapevine-raised artist — born Austin Richard Post — has been a country fanatic since he was a kid.
“When you mix the hip-hop side of Texas with the country and add a guitar, some grills and maybe a rhinestone suit … you’ll get where I’m coming from,” he told me in 2016, shortly before the release of his debut album, Stoney.
“My dad was a big influence with rock, rap and country, so it shows for sure,” he said, referring to Rich Post, a one-time DJ and former assistant director of food and beverage for the Dallas Cowboys. “The people, the sound, the whole vibe [of Dallas-Fort Worth] has definitely turned me into the artist I am, musically.”
Catch up on the day's news you need to know.
Or with: 
By signing up you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
Long before his quavery, Auto-Tuned  voice was all over the radio in songs like “Rockstar”  and “Sunflower,” Posty was a solo acoustic singer-guitarist playing for diners at Napoli’s Italian restaurant in downtown Grapevine. In a recent profile in The New York Times, he credited his parents and grandparents with inspiring him to write songs in the style of Hank Williams Sr. and Johnny Cash.
F-1 Trillion features Malone dueting with a dozen country stars, from Dolly Parton, Tim McGraw and Hank Williams Jr. to newer acts like Luke Combs and Morgan Wallen. On Aug. 14, he’ll perform the Grand Ole Opry on a bill with Vince Gill and Brad Paisley.
He’s also collaborated recently with Taylor Swift and Beyoncé, who asked him to add vocals to her Cowboy Carter song “Levii’s Jeans.” Like those two acts, Post has headlined his share of football stadiums, though he’s not nearly as huge as Swift or Beyoncé. Which is just fine by him.
“That’s so much pressure … I can’t even imagine being at their level — it must suck,” he told The Times.
Thor Christensen is a former pop music critic for The Dallas Morning News and The Milwaukee Journal whose work has appeared in The New York Times and several books. He’s interviewed two Beatles, a pair of Rolling Stones and hundreds of musicians from Beyoncé to Bono to David Bowie. He’s a Chicago native and a longtime resident of East Dallas.
Join the conversation
Thank you for reading. We welcome your thoughts on this topic. Comments are moderated for adherence to our Community Guidelines. Please read the guidelines before participating.