Cloudy with periods of rain. High 68F. Winds N at 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain 100%. Rainfall around a quarter of an inch..
                                
Rain showers early will evolve into a more steady rain overnight. Low 51F. Winds NNE at 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain 70%.
 Updated: May 3, 2025 @ 12:26 pm
Five for Fighting, real name John Ondrasik, performs with a string quartet on Sept. 27 at Universal Preservation Hall in Saratoga Springs.
Music never stops in the Capital Region.
While the dawn of fall means the winding down of the Saratoga Performing Arts Center concert season, SPAC still has a few big-name offerings over the next several weeks, while the region will host artists at venues big and small throughout the fall.
Javascript is required for you to be able to read premium content. Please enable it in your browser settings.
Peter Frampton performs Sept. 13 at the Palace Theatre in Albany.
Say She She performs Sept. 20 at Lark Hall in Albany.
Farm Aid will be held Sept. 21 at Saratoga Performing Arts Center.
JD McPherson performs on Oct. 5 at Hangar on the Hudson in Troy.
A cappella group Straight No Chaser performs Oct. 19 at Proctors.
Country-pop star LeAnn Rimes performs Nov. 10 at Universal Preservation Hall in Saratoga Springs.
Jam band Goose plays a two-night stint at Saratoga Performing Arts Center on Sept. 6-7.
Reach Adam Shinder at ashinder@dailygazette.net. Follow him on X @Adam_Shinder.
SARATOGA SPRINGS — When concertgoers head to the concession stands at the Farm Aid festival at Saratoga Performing Arts Center (SPAC) on Satur…

Success! An email has been sent to  with a link to confirm list signup.
            

Error! There was an error processing your request.
            
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers:
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Have the latest food and drink articles delivered to your inbox every Thursday.
Each day's obituaries, delivered to your inbox.
HV360 headlines to your inbox!
Have the latest local news delivered every afternoon so you don't miss out on updates.
Sign up today to receive email newsletters of local daily obituaries.
Get the Register Star and Daily Mail E-edition delivered directly to your inbox!
Have the latest local news delivered every morning so you don't miss out on updates.
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.