“On her daring new album, Camila Cabello swing for the fences–and hits it out of the park” - VOGUE
“It’s a feisty, hungry album that feels fearless even as it grapples with the unknown—the late-20s paradox turned into candy-coated pop.” - ROLLING STONE
“Cabello sounds more confident in herself and her sound than ever before” - BILLBOARD
“There’s no denying that ‘C,XOXO’ is packed with quirky earworms: she even blends emo and reggaeton on the brilliant, melancholy club banger ‘Pretty When I Cry’. Some of 2024’s most anticipated pop albums have sunk pretty fast after hyped roll-outs; this one deserves to keep bubbling to the surface for months to come.” - NME
"This album shows the singer’s maturity as an artist and seems to be the most glaring representation of her true self since her solo career began” - COMPLEX
“...a turning point in her career, with which she wants to make us dance and have fun” - ESQUIRE SPAIN
“The whole project has an emotional immediacy and rawness…boldest solo album” - PAPER
28 JUNE 2024 (TORONTO, ON) — Today, global superstar Camila Cabello releases her brand-new album C,XOXO via Interscope Records/Universal Music Canada. The highly anticipated album represents an evolution for the singer-songwriter, as she pushes boundaries with a project that is both musically and visually explorative, tapping into genres that extend beyond just pop and drawing inspiration from her Miami roots. Created with Producer El Guincho (FKA Twigs, Rosalía) and co-producer Jasper Harris (Jack Harlow, Post Malone), C,XOXO is sure to defy expectations, as it features a variety of heavy hitters including Playboi Carti, Lil Nas X, Drake, and more. C,XOXO is Executive Produced by El Guincho.
See full tracklist below.
In addition, Camila is Complex Magazine’s latest cover star (HERE) and she launched a capsule collection with renowned street artist, Chito, in collaboration with Complex. Camila has long admired Chito International for his distinctive street art style. She found particular inspiration in his iconic animated dog character featured prominently across his works. The lyric “I’m a dog, woof woof” heard on “Chanel No. 5” resonates with this theme, offering fans a deeper glimpse into the ethos of C,XOXO. To capture this essence, Chito created a bespoke C,XOXO Dog icon for their capsule collection, symbolizing this artistic concept.
The album comes fresh off the heels of her latest track and music video for “Chanel No. 5”, which highlights her growth as a songwriter, using clever wordplay that celebrates a woman's confidence in her ambitions. The accompanying music video is packed with engaging choreography that perfectly complements the sultry track (BELOW). Preceding singles “I LUV IT” (featuring Playboi Carti) and “He Knows” (featuring Lil Nas X), along with “Chanel No. 5” gives fans a deeper look into the world of C,XOXO.
​​Camila has been gearing up for the release of C,XOXO with many promotional appearances, including stopping by The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon for a chat and performance of her irresistibly catchy song “I LUV IT.” Before that, Camila spent some time in her hometown of Miami, the inspiration behind C,XOXO and treated fans to a sneak preview of the album at a special “B.O.A.T.” party. Camila was also honored for her Global Impact by Billboard at their annual Latin Women in Music awards ceremony. Camila kicked off a collaboration with 7-Eleven by hosting fans in Miami at a special C,XOXO branded store to get a sneak peek of the items. She then hit Cannes for a chat and performance with Complex as part of the Cannes Lions International Festival of Creativity. Camila is currently playing a series of major international festivals including Rock in Rio Lisbon, which took place on June 23, Mawazine in Morrocco, which took place on June 25, Tinderbox festival in Denmark on June 28 and Glastonbury in the UK on June 29.
Retail: https://CamilaCabello.lnk.to/CXOXO
Amazon: https://CamilaCabello.lnk.to/CXOXO/amazonmusic
Apple Music: https://CamilaCabello.lnk.to/CXOXO/applemusic
Audiomack: https://CamilaCabello.lnk.to/CXOXO/audiomack
Deezer: https://CamilaCabello.lnk.to/CXOXO/deezer
iTunes: https://CamilaCabello.lnk.to/CXOXO/itunes
Pandora: https://CamilaCabello.lnk.to/CXOXO/pandora
SoundCloud: https://CamilaCabello.lnk.to/CXOXO/soundcloud
Spotify: https://CamilaCabello.lnk.to/CXOXO/spotify
Tidal: https://CamilaCabello.lnk.to/CXOXO/tidal

        
            June 28, 2024 9:25am ET
            by Pressparty   

            
            
            	
universal, music, canada

	                              Shortlink to this content: https://bit.ly/4cGfodD


Profile


Press Releases