Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
Megan Barton-Hanson certainly brought the drama to Love Island 2018, swiftly earning a reputation as a bit of a sex kitten – then spiced things up again on Love Island Games last November in Fiji, when romance blossomed with Kyra Green.
 Here, Megan catches up exclusively with OK! to give her take on this year’s Love Island: All Stars, as she explains why she feels contestants are “holding back”. 
 The 29-year-old – who came out as bisexual in 2019 and counts TOWIE’s James Lock and Demi Sims among her exes – also opens up about the success she’s had on OnlyFans, why she feels the clock is ticking and drops a big hint about what it would take to get her back in the villa.
 Hi, Megan! Since leaving Love Island, you’ve done really well on OnlyFans… 
 It was something I’d done before Love Island, but before the show, ITV suggested I get rid of it as it was a “family show”. Although most of what I’d posted was bikini shots, just like what we see in the villa anyway. 
 So, you then resurrected it… 
 Yeah, it’s the best thing I ever did. It’s allowed me to travel the world. I won’t say what I earn on it, but I have a comfortable life and I set my own boundaries. Nobody’s forcing me to do topless shots. I have control. 
 What do you say to people who slam it as ‘seedy’? 
 In a world where I could walk down the street in a big baggy top and tracky bottoms and men still sexualise me, why not take control and capitalise on that? And it boosts my ego. Doing shoots is a full day out, my make-up artist is my best mate and it’s like playing adult dress up – except I get paid! 
 We loved your Only Fans photoshoot with Love Island: All Stars star Hannah Elizabeth. Are you good mates? 
 We are. I love Hannah, she’s like a real-life Barbie. Her boobs, I can’t stop staring at them! They’ve grown since I last saw her. Seeing her on the show, I’m thinking, “Hmm, should I go on?” It would be good to do it with people I’m close to. She’s so funny and says it how it is. It’s hard to meet people like that in our industry. 
 Hannah’s faced some backlash over her new look, though... 
 I think it’s crazy. It’s her body, she’s a grown woman. If she wants surgery, tweakments or a whole body transformation, who are we to judge her? She’s not hurting anyone. That’s the toxic side of Love Island and social media. 
 You’ve been very open about your sexuality… 
 Yeah, but women are still too scared to say what they really feel. Society for a long time has put women in a box. You’re a motherly type, or a s**t – no in between. I want kids, but I’m also very sexual.
Did you get your invite to the All Stars villa? 
 Yes, I’m still debating it, but I’m waiting for a hot guy to come in. Or a hot, bisexual girl. Or if Ovie [Soko, series five] was in there, I’d be booking my flight! I slid into his DMs before the All Stars show to ask if he was going on. He said, “No, I don’t think so.”
 We need you to cause drama! 
 [Laughs] I’d have to create my own. I think they’re playing it safe, going for their exes. They’re all on their best behaviour – they want to be liked. They’ve already got a platform, so everyone’s scared to rock the boat and lose followers. But the first time, it’s savage! 
 Out of the boys, who would you crack on with? 
 Maybe Chris [Taylor]. But I clocked his nipple and belly piercings the other night, and thought, “Hmm, I don’t know!” I turn 30 this year, I’m going for more mature guys. In my early twenties, my criteria was tall with a six-pack. They could have the IQ of a two-year-old, I didn’t care. Now, it’s deeper. I’ve been single for two years and it’s harder. They need to be driven, kind, ambitious, have my humour. I’d marry Jack Black based on how funny he is. 
 Do you want to settle down?
I’d love to meet The One. The last two years I’ve been dating but don’t seem to be able to get past date two. It’s me, though. I won’t settle, unless it’s for The One. I haven’t got time to waste – my body clock is ticking. I do think I want kids, but that’s a true test. If you can do that together, you’re winning – maybe you can get married after that. I just hope I’m not being too fussy. It’s a fine line.
 How was Love Island Games last November? 
 Spicy! There was more at stake. If you settled early, you had more chance of winning the huge fee and I do love money. But I’m too honest, I went for what I wanted. I tried to put it on Eyal [Booker], but he’d already got with somebody. After dropping that bomb, I had to leave for the hospital and everyone said, “She went because Eyal pied her!” 
 What actually happened? 
 I got these terrible cramps. It lasted a few days, I remember beads of sweat dripping down my face. I was not OK – at one point I couldn’t stand. I knew it wasn’t going to translate on-screen and people would just think I was being bitter. It couldn’t have been timed worse. 
 Do you have any other goals? 
 I’d love to write a book about sex, focusing on tips and meanings behind different terms – and maybe a spicy fiction novel. I’d also do more TV, but I’ve exhausted dating shows, unless Ovie walks through the door. Or Post Malone. I like a scruffy guy. I’m not really into the skinny jeans, fake-tanned, Ken-doll look. We tried that once and it worked out horrendously, so we’re moving swiftly on! 
 What have you got coming up? 
 So, my podcast You Come First is coming back soon! The format is slightly different but the topics and guests are just as exciting and out there as you’d expect.
 Listen to Megan’s podcast You Come First on @spotify and @applepodcasts