Get your best Stetson and Tecovas ready.
Brooks and Dunn just announced they will embark on the first leg of their forthcoming ‘Neon Moon Tour’ with special guest David Lee Murphy in spring 2025.
As of now, the inimitable duo doesn’t have any shows scheduled Northeast on this 12-concert run. They will, however, hit huge venues in Austin (March 14), Charlotte (March 28), Indianapolis (April 3) and St. Louis (April 25).
And if the tour is anything like pair’s 2022 ‘Reboot’ trek, you can expect a raucous boot-scootin’ bash.
“It is our full intent to step onto the stage each night and throw down like the wildest honky-tonk you’ve never been to … yet,” Ronnie Dunn said in early 2022. “Don’t be concerned about the mess left afterwards, y’all just enjoy yourselves and we’ll worry about that later.”
If this sounds like the show for you, ‘Neon Moon’ tickets are available as soon as today.
Fans can purchase tickets for all upcoming Brooks and Dunn shows on sites like Vivid Seats; the official ‘Neon Moon’ on-sale is Friday, Sept. 13.
Vivid Seats is a secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand.
They have a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and will be delivered before the event.
A complete calendar including all tour dates, venues, and links to buy tickets can be found below.
Over the past few years, Kix Brooks and Ronnie Dunn brought their ‘REBOOT Tour’ to audiences all over North America.
Based on our findings, here are the tunes they took to the stage at Greensboro, NC way back in June 2023, according to Set List FM:
01.) “Brand New Man”02.) “Put a Girl in It”03.) “My Next Broken Heart”04.) “Mama Don’t Get Dressed Up for Nothing”05.) “We’ll Burn That Bridge”06.) “Honky Tonk Truth”07.) “You’re Gonna Miss Me When I’m Gone”08.) “Ain’t Nothing ‘Bout You”09.) “Red Dirt Road”10.) “Lost and Found”11.) “Hard Workin’ Man”12.) “Play Something Country”13.) “Cowgirls Don’t Cry”14.) “Neon Moon”15.) “Rock My World (Little Country Girl)”16.) “Believe”17.) “My Maria” (B.W. Stevenson cover)Encore:
18.) “Boot Scootin’ Boogie”19.) “Only in America”
At all shows, Ronnie and Kix are taking David Lee Murphy along for the ride.
For the uninitiated, the 65-year-old country crooner is known for arena-ready hits like “Dust On The Bottle,” “Everything’s Gonna Be Alright” and “Party Crowd.”
If you want to dig a bit deeper, you can find Murphy’s complete discography here.
Brooks and Dunn not headed to your neck of the woods?
No need to fret, country lovers.
Dozens of household name stars are out and about these next few months. Here are just five of our favorites you won’t want to miss live.
• Alan Jackson
• Post Malone
• Jelly Roll
• Sturgill Simpson
• Alabama
Who else is out and about? Check out our list of the 50 biggest country stars on tour in 2024 here to find out.
This article was written by Matt Levy, New York Post live events reporter. Levy stays up-to-date on all the latest tour announcements from your favorite musical artists and comedians, as well as Broadway openings, sporting events and more live shows – and finds great ticket prices online. Since he started his tenure at the Post in 2022, Levy has reviewed a Bruce Springsteen concert and interviewed Melissa Villaseñor of SNL fame, to name a few. Please note that deals can expire, and all prices are subject to change