Cowboy Philanthropy
Orville Peck is playing the 2024 edition of Party for the Parks, a fundraiser for Austin parks.
Many concert-goers at the Austin City Limits Music Festival don't realize they're supporting Austin parks with their ticket purchase. But a party in between the two weekends of the famous festival makes it explicit, and theatrical country western artist Orville Peck is taking a break from playing the festival to draw crowds to this philanthropic event.
Party for the Parks, an annual fundraiser, will be held Wednesday, October 9, on the festival grounds. In addition to an intimate musical performance by Peck, there will be food, games, and beverages donated by local brands. The event benefits the Austin Parks Foundation at large, trickling down to "nearly 400 parks, trails, and green spaces," according to a release.
Attendees at Party for the Parks will get to enjoy the festival grounds with no crowds.Photo courtesy of the Austin Parks Foundation
Orville Peck is performing both weekends on Sunday. This isn't his first time at the festival; Peck played in 2019, the year he released his debut album, Pony. The masked performer still maintains a hint of mystery, but having made friends with EDM artist Diplo, drag queen Trixie Mattel, and even country great Willie Nelson, he's spending more time in the spotlight, and his signature fringed mask is getting shorter.
Peck's austere arrangements and deep vocals follow the legacies of country singers like Johnny Cash and Roy Orbison, but his queer take on cowboy aesthetics is much more flowery. On his new album coming out August 9, titled Stampede, Peck is using his skyrocketing popularity within the music industry to perform a series of duets, including some covers, with other hyper-popular musicians. Featured artists include Elton John, Beck, Kylie Minogue, Diplo, Noah Cyrus, Texas' Midland, and more.
Early bird tickets for the Party for the Parks will go on sale August 14 at austinparks.org. Interested parties can join the mailing list for a reminder when tickets become available.
Music Notes
April was a crazy busy month for Austin’s music scene, and things don’t appear as though they’re going to be slowing down at all in May. See here for local recommendations for the first half of the month.
The Dialtones at the Far Out Lounge – Thursday, May 1Hot on the heels of the release of an EP titled Static Sky, The Dialtones will play at the Far Out Lounge tonight, May 1. Helium Queens will open for the experimental rockers, as will Little Mazarn, who have an anticipated album, Mustang Island, that’s coming out in June. Tickets are $15.
Cheetah Cheetah at Cheer Up Charlie’s – Friday, May 2Cheetah Cheetah, a new band that features members of A. Sinclair, Mean Jolene, and Other Vessels, have a lot going on this Friday, May 2. The indie rock act will release a single, “Hey Girl” and then play at Cheer Up Charlie’s. Lavender Scare and Calico Sky round out the bill. This is a free show.
Ben Kweller at Scoot Inn – Saturday, May 3Ben Kweller has readied a new album: it's titled Cover The Mirrors, and it's his first since the death of his 16-year-old son Dorian Zev back in 2023. The new effort from Kweller won't officially be out until May 30, but you can check out songs from it live at the Scoot Inn this Saturday, May 3. Cheese Touch will kick off the evening for the celebrated rocker. Tickets are $37.50.
Little Darlin’ Anniversary Party – May 3 & 4The Little Darlin’ will celebrate its ninth anniversary with a pair of free events this weekend. Saturday, May 3, will feature music from Ted Leo and Booher, and Sunday, May 4, will have performances by Tear Dungeon and Auntie. You can also expect free shirts, tattoos, and more. 
Blank Hellscape at Hotel Vegas – Friday, May 9Head to Hotel Vegas on Friday, May 9, to get in a heavy dose of noise rockers Blank Hellscape before they head out on tour. The support on this one is stacked with the likes of Touch Girl Apple Blossom, Guiding Light, Wet Dip, and Gerard Cosloy. Cover will be just $12 at the door.
Candy Riot at the 13th Floor – Saturday, May 10Join Candy Riot in celebrating the release of their new single, “Let You Go,” at the 13th Floor on Saturday, May 10. The synth pop band will be joined by the equally dancey acts Genuine Leather and Mass Minor. Tickets are $12.26.
TC Superstar at Blazer Tag – Thursday, May 15Get in a few rounds of laser tag and ring in the release of synth pop act TC Superstar’s EP, Dancer, at Blazer Tag on Thursday, May 15. Tickets for the show, which will take place inside the Blazer Tag arena and will be followed by two hours of complimentary laser tag, are $20.