Gogglebox favourites Dave and Shirley Griffiths have been wished well as they ditched the UK after filming the show's final episode.
The Caerphilly couple, who joined the Channel 4 show in 2015, have jetted off to Dubai as this series winds to a close. As the two prepared to begin their international journey, Dave filmed a video for their many fans.
As he faced the camera, Dave said: "Hi everybody, we're live at Birmingham Airport waiting to go to Dubai, so happy days huh? Don't you all forget tonight, Channel 4, Gogglebox best special show tonight.
READ MORE: Gogglebox's Julie Malone shares 'best ever' news ahead of last episode
READ MORE: Coronation Street's Joel star spills what comes next for Nathan Curtis
"And at the same time do a little voting for us on the NTAs, come on if you would people, thanks a lot. Have a great time and have a great summer, thanks a lot all."
The video comes after Dave and Shirley confirmed in a previous update, last week, that they wouldn't be filming again until September - when the new Gogglebox series will begin.
Fans have rushed to the comments section of the latest post to wish the couple well, as Bea said: "Have a wonderful holiday and summer". Susan said: "You 2 are my favourites. I'm really going to miss you both as I hear that you will not be returning in September [crying emoji".
Nicola said: "Have a great holiday in Dubai Dave n Shirley, enjoy the rest" [sic]
Receive newsletters with the biggest and breaking TV and showbiz news by signing up here
Enter our £1,000 Aldi voucher giveaway and go wild in the aisles
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.