Joe Nichols stopped by The Bobby Bones Show to talk about his new album, the hard lesson he learned ironing naked and more!
Nichols shared that a lot of celebrities say they are coming to his show, but then cancel at the last minute and he’s not sure why. Some people he named were Tim Tebow, Sean Penn who were supposed to come but canceled at the last minute. D.J. Moore was at one of his shows recently, which he thought was cool to meet. He does not like to ask other celebrities to sign anything and the only time he’s ever done anything like that was when he performed with Post Malone. His two daughters are big fans of his, so he asked Post Malone to take a video for them. He was super cool about it but cussed a few times in the video, which made it hard for his daughters to show their friends at school because they attend a Christian school. Nichols was ironing clothes one day when he received a call from his manager telling him that Post Malone was trying to get in contact with him. He thought for sure he had the wrong number, but he explained how Post is a big fan of his and wanted him to come on stage and perform with him at Stagecoach. Nichols already had a show booked for that day so he couldn’t and thought that would be the last he heard from Post Malone. A few weeks later, he got a call from him asking him to join him on stage at a show he was doing in Nashville. During the sound check, he didn’t know what to expect and thought he might have to teach him his song “Brokenheartsville,” but Post Malone knew all the words and it was a super cool experience! Nichols also shared a piece of advice to never iron while not wearing clothes. He used to iron while not wearing anything and learned his lesson that you might accidentally bump into something and burn yourself.  
It’s been 19 years since Nichols released his song “Tequila Makes Her Clothes Fall Off.” It feels like it happened a lifetime ago but also last year for him because it was such a career defining song. He recalled how back in 2005-2006, he went through a period where he would dress crazy, so when he looks back to some of his biggest hits, it almost feels like a different person singing them. Nichols keeps finding himself wanting to record new music. He was told by his agent that he could retire today and be financially fine for life but hearing that made him want to start all over and get new material out.  
His new album, Honky Tonks and Country Songs, has a lot of 90s two-step dance songs on it. His new song “Better Than You,” features Annie Bosko was written to be a duet which is rare. They knew they had to find the right singing partner for him but didn’t want to pair him with someone younger because it wouldn’t match right. That’s when he was told about Bosko, and they did a show together and he was blown away by how super into older country songs she was. He praised how hard she works and how great she did on the song!  When Nichols married his wife in 2007, she made it about a year in Nashville before she wanted to move back to where she was from in Texas. Living in Nashville was hard for her especially since he was always on the road and never home. They talked about raising kids near family, and he wanted them to grow up having a normal life, so he continues to live in Texas.  
Honky Tonks and Country Songs comes out October 25th!