"Backbone found the perfect solution to bring gaming on the road," the musician said of the accessory, available June 25.

													By
												

	Rylee Johnston


	All products and services featured are independently chosen by editors. However, Billboard may receive a commission on orders placed through its retail links, and the retailer may receive certain auditable data for accounting purposes.

Post Malone has more in store for fans even after announcing his F1-Trillion tour. As an avid gamer, he’s partnered with gaming brand Backbone to release his own limited-edition Backbone One x Post Malone controller, which dropped Tuesday (June 25).

	The star has been keeping himself busy this year, as he was featured on two major album releases including Beyoncé’s Cowboy Carter and Taylor Swift’s The Tortured Poets Department, in addition to dropping a No. 1 hit himself with country superstar Morgan Wallen, titled “I Had Some Help.” With his busy schedule making taking his gaming accessories on the go difficult, he decided to team up with the brand Backbone to give him a hand.

	










	The Backbone One gaming controller x Post Malone doesn’t just bring mobile gaming to Posty, but to his fans and fellow gamers as well. Every detail was inspired by the 28-year-old’s unique style, including a translucent green body, his digital signature and glow-in-the-dark logos. Only 500 of the mobile controllers were made, and for anyone lucky enough to get their hands on one, they’ll see what number they received on the back bottom corner of the controller. 




			Trending on Billboard		






	Keep reading to shop the drop now before it’s too late.

Post Malone’s Backbone One mobile gaming controller is compatible with the iPhone 15 and Android devices with a USB-C connection. All you have to do is snap your phone into place and it’ll immediately transform your smartphone into a compact gaming device. And you’ll have plenty of games to choose from since the device can play games from most gaming libraries including the Apple Arcade, Google Play Store, Xbox Game Pass Ultimate or stream from your Xbox, PlayStation or PC.	

	From preparing for his upcoming tour and album drop to performing at festivals and concerts — including Governors Ball and A Night in Nashville — the singer has had little time and space to bring a bulky gaming console with him, but considers this exclusive controller the ultimate solve.

	“Backbone found the perfect solution to bring gaming on the road,” Post Malone said in a press statement. “My schedule makes it difficult to game from home as much as I want. Grateful to collaborate with them on this release.”

	For more product recommendations, check out ShopBillboard‘s roundups of the best gaming deals, gaming headsets and gaming chairs.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.