Home  Entertainment
Zach Bryan swiftly backtracked on a tweet he made after receiving some major backlash. The 28-year-old country singer-songwriter made a post September 18 comparing 34-year-old pop star Taylor Swift and 47-year-old rapper Kayne West. “Eagles > chiefs, Kanye > Taylor,” he wrote, adding, “Who’s with me?” Well, it appears that not many people were with the “Something in the Orange” singer at all, as the tweet garnered a lot of attention and perhaps backfired in a way that he wasn’t expecting it would.
More from CafeMom: Donald Trump’s Outburst Against Taylor Swift Could Have Major Impact on Election
“For the record guys I wasn’t coming for Taylor the other night,” Zach wrote via his Instagram Stories on top of a screengrab of Taylor and Post Malone’s song “Fortnight.” The singer added, “I was drunkenly comparing two records and it came out wrong.”
A post shared by Zach Bryan (@zachlanebryan)
Continuing, he wrote, “I know there’s a lot of stuff that clouds around Ye and I was speaking purely musically. I love Taylor’s music and pray you guys know I’m human and tweet stupid things often.”
He added that he hopes he can one day have a conversation with the pop star to explain things. “Twitter gets me in trouble too much and I’d say it’s best I stay off it. I’m sorry to any Taylor fans I p—ed off or let down. Love you guys and I’m trying my best!”
More from CafeMom: Kamala Harris Campaign Uses Taylor Swift Lyrics To Mock Donald Trump
A post shared by Zach Bryan (@zachlanebryan)
In another Instagram story, he shared Taylor’s song “The Albatross” and continued his message. “I’ve been going through a hard time in my own life and I think I was projecting a little. To be completely honest, it just came off as rude and desensitized to Taylor. I respect her so much as a musician that the last thing I want is people thinking I don’t appreciate and love what she has done for music,” he wrote, saying he was finished.
“Love you guys and hope you guys understand. Don’t drink and tweet. Don’t drink and tweet!!”
A post shared by Zach Bryan (@zachlanebryan)
Sharing Taylor’s song “Castles Crumbling” featuring Hayley Williams, Zach wrote more. “Not saving face here, but Taylor has been a force of nature for as long as we’ve all been growing up and I admire that. I’m gonna go listen to this record now,” he said. “I never want people to think I have a hint of malice or meanness towards anyone, ever, that’s why I’m saying all this. Everyone have the best day of all time, I love ya.”
A post shared by Zach Bryan (@zachlanebryan)
Zach made one last story saying the year has been really tough on him and that he’s been trying to “cope and balance too many things” all at once. He said he’s taking a break from “Tweeting stupid stuff” and has seemingly deleted his X account (formerly known as Twitter) to prove his point.
Let us be your village!
"*" indicates required fields

						We protect your data. By signing up you agree to our privacy policy.					

								© 2025								Wild Sky Media. All rights reserved.