Blake Shelton called into The Bobby Bones Show to talk about his new Vegas Residency, confess how he celebrated his 3-year wedding anniversary with Gwen Stefani and more.  
Shelton is at his house in Oklahoma when he calls into the show to announce his first ever Vegas Residency at Caesars Palace. He’s only seen two Vegas residencies before, Shania Twain’s and Gwen Stefani’s. He knows enough about them to know it needs to be a different show than what fans would see on his tour. The venue is going to be smaller than places he usually plays at, so the shows will be intimate and give fans a chance to really experience his vocals and personality. He’s had offers to do a residency show there for years but kept kicking it down the road because he wanted to do it at the same time his bar, Ole Red, would open in Vegas. This way, he can go back and forth between the venue and his bar to perform. Shelton has spent a lot of time in Vegas recently and shared a gambling story from there. Stefani was doing a show and her best friend came. They took advantage of the Covid masks and wore them to the casino and gambled for three hours and no one recognized him because of the mask. He did not win anything but had a great time gambling and not being bothered by anyone.  
He and Stefani recently had their 3-year wedding anniversary, and he shared it was “pathetic” the way they celebrated. Stefani was filming blind auditions for The Voice from 5 a.m. to 11 p.m. on the actual day of their anniversary. As she was leaving the house, she told Shelton that the gift for 3-years is leather, so she got him leather scented things to hang in his car and she told him that she knew it was dumb, but it was last minute and then she ran out the door to get to work. Shelton used the food delivery app, GoldBelly, to order her Italian desserts that she likes, and they ate them together the day after their anniversary. He admitted it wasn’t their best anniversary.  
Shelton has a song on Post Malone’s new country album called “Pour Me a Drink.” They first met over five years ago when Shelton hosted an Elvis TV Special and Malone was on it as a brand-new artist. They got to talk and developed a friendship, but it was the last time they saw each other until this year's Super Bowl. They were in the same suite and started talking again and exchanged numbers because Malone told him he was working on new music, and they should get together. Shelton was expecting nothing to come from it, but months later, he got a call from Malone about his country project. When Shelton heard the song, it sounded just like something he would put on one of his records. He knows there is always controversary on who does and doesn’t belong in country music, but Shelton shared he has so much respect for Malone and the way he has gone about his country album. You can tell he grew up knowing country music and he’s not just poking his head in and making a record and then getting out, you can tell it means a lot to him.  
Tickets to Shelton’s Vegas Residency go on sale August 16th.