This week's hot headlines
The first CosMc's in Texas has opened in Dallas.
Editor's note: A lot happened this week, so here's your chance to get caught up. Read on for the week's most popular headlines. Looking for the best things to do this weekend? Find that list here.
1. McDonald's opens first Texas CosMc's beverage spinoff in Dallas. McDonald's is spinning off a new concept called CosMc's focused on beverages, and is opening its first location in Texas in Dallas. According to a release, the "small format beverage-led concept" opened at 6033 Campbell Rd. on March 19.
2. Canadian doughnut king Tim Hortons to open 2 locations in Dallas-Fort Worth. A major name in coffee and doughnuts is making its debut in Dallas: Tim Hortons, a doughnut and coffee shop chain from Canada, will open two locations in the DFW area in 2024, first in Coppell, and then in Denton.
3. Upscale Southern restaurant spreads Dallas wings to Cedar Hill center. A Southern-styled restaurant from Addison is opening a second location: Spatch Kitchen + Cocktails, which serves American cuisine and cocktails with a Southern touch, is opening a location at Hillside Village, an open-air regional retail center at 305 W. FM 1382, in Cedar Hill, south of Duncanville.
4. Revered French restaurant St. Martin’s reopens in new east Dallas space. Venerable French restaurant St. Martin’s Wine Bistro is back. The restaurant, which closed its longtime location on Greenville Avenue in 2023 after 46 years, has resurfaced at a new location in East Dallas.
5. Where to eat in Dallas right now: 10 must-try new restaurants in March. This edition of Where to Eat, CultureMap's monthly list of top restaurant recommendations, is all about fresh new restaurants that have opened in the past month or so. They're an especially varied lot both in cuisine and location, ranging from a family-run trattoria in Frisco to an upscale Indian restaurant to Las Colinas to a casual-sophisticated Asian concept in the center of Dallas.
Soccer News
A new era of professional soccer is coming to North Texas: The soccer entity previously known as USL Dallas has a new identity, called Atlético Dallas.
USL Dallas, now known as Atlético Dallas, is a professional soccer team coming in 2027 as part of the USL Championship. Founded by soccer enthusiasts Matt Valentine and Sam Morton, it'll be part of the United Soccer League (USL) Championship, in partnership with the city of Garland. It'll be the second men's soccer team in the region, joining FC Dallas a professional soccer club based in Frisco that plays in Major League Soccer (MLS).
The announcement about the new branding was made during a fanfare-filled event in downtown Garland on May 2 featuring appearances by local personalities such as Armando “El Chiquilín” Ulloa of La Grande 107.5 FM, who also joins the club as a minority owner and brand ambassador.
“This brand launch is more than a name reveal —it's a declaration of who we are and what we stand for,” Valentine said. “Atlético Dallas reflects our ambition, our roots in the game, and our commitment to uniting the community through our shared love of soccer."
Part of the new brand identity includes bold team colors: Texas Topaz (light blue), Blackland Crude (black), Silver Ore (metallic silver), and white. Hey sounds like Cowboys colors. There are also wolf and snake mascots.
Atlético Dallas' youth division will now be known as Atlético Dallas Youth, following a recently announced partnership with Renegades Soccer Club. With more than 2,500 young athletes and a reputation for competitive excellence, the transition will strengthen the club’s commitment to developing homegrown talent through a clear and direct pathway to the pros.
The club is preparing to kick off play in the USL Championship in 2027, joining the fastest-growing professional soccer organization in the U.S.