By
Lauren Boisvert
HARDY has parted the curtain on Post Malone’s process while he’s been working on his first country album, F-1 Trillion, due out on August 16. During a recent appearance on the Zach Sang Show podcast, HARDY explained how Post entrenched himself in the Nashville atmosphere to get the right inspiration for the album. 
Post Malone has put out collaborations with Blake Shelton, Morgan Wallen, and Luke Combs, with another on the way—”Hide My Gun” with HARDY. He’s also worked with songwriters like Ernest and Rhett Akins, and is promising more star-studded collaborations when the album drops. According to HARDY, Post got right to work in Nashville. 
“Well that’s what I love about what he did,” HARDY began, adding, “he came to Nashville and he sat and he listened. He didn’t … and I don’t mean that like, he is a great writer, great writer, and he can write country lyrics, everything about it, but what I mean is he came to Nashville and said, ‘I wanna do this the way you guys do it.’”
Hardy on creating F-1 Trillion with @Post Malone #hardy #postmalone #f1 #countrymusic #nashville #lyrics #zachsangshow #zachsang #fyp #foryou @Amazon Music 
[RELATED: Lainey Wilson and Post Malone May Have More Collabs in the Pipeline]
HARDY continued, explaining that Post Malone fully immersed himself in the culture of Music City. He wanted to learn from the greats, and he did just that. 
“And he had songwriters that the world has never heard of, but in Nashville they’ve written tons of hit songs,” HARDY said. “He didn’t just want me and Ernest, Morgan and Brad Paisley, and Erich Church and Tim McGraw.”
According to HARDY, Post Malone wanted to branch out from the big names in Nashville songwriting. Hopefully, those songwriters will get the recognition they deserve from the industry, now that it’s getting harder and harder to make a living as a songwriter.
“He was like, ‘Who are the good songwriters in this town? I wanna write with those guys.’ So I’d walk in the room and it would be Rhett Akins, or a guy named Josh Thompson, these people that are amazing songwriters,” HARDY continued. 
“But basically, he immersed himself into the songwriting culture of the town, and I respect that a lot. He didn’t care about who anybody was, he just wanted to get the best song, and so he pulled in the best people for that job and made a great record because of it,” HARDY praised, adding, “It’s the coolest thing that I’ve witnessed in Nashville, because I’ve heard the record and how good it is… it’s the coolest thing I’ve witnessed since I’ve been in town, to see somebody come and do it that way.”
Featured Image by C Flanigan/imageSPACE/Shutterstock
Only members can comment. Become a member. Already a member? Log in.
4 Songs with the Most Iconic Intros in Country Music
Watch Aerosmith’s Steven Tyler and Joe Perry Perform Together for the First Time in Two Years
Beyoncé Slapped With a Cease-And-Desist Over Tour Footage Involving the Las Vegas Sphere

			© 2025 American Songwriter			American Songwriter: a Savage Ventures Brand