Family first, marriage second? Jennifer Lopez and Ben Affleck are prioritizing their families amid split rumors.
July 16 marked the rocky couple's second wedding anniversary -- but they didn't spend it together. The two don't appear to be in marital bliss as they were on separate coasts at the time. 
"Jen and Ben have been trying to focus on their loved ones while spending time apart," a source close to the couple told ET the day before their anniversary.
The source added, "Jen and Ben are both keeping their kids and respective families at the forefront of their minds as they move through these changes."
The separation has been a confusing and difficult time for everyone involved, but both Lopez and Affleck are committed to supporting each other and their children. The source emphasized that all parents are doing their best to adapt to the new circumstances.
"They're trying to present themselves in a positive way for their kids," the source added.
Not long after, another source told ET that Affleck and Lopez "are trying to make this transition as easy as possible and be gentle on their children. They don't want to make things more upsetting than they already have been."
The estranged pair having been spotted separately at events, trips and birthdays in recent months. In June, a source told ET where the couple stood after they quietly listed their $60.8 million Beverly Hills estate that they bought together in May 2023 following two years of house hunting.
"Jen and Ben have been living separate lives but have not officially separated yet," the source said. "At this point, they are just doing their own thing. They went into their relationship very optimistic and thought things could change, but they haven't." 
As they continue to weather the storm and the "highs and lows," ET is taking a look at their relationship over the years.
In a 2003 Dateline special, Lopez shared that the future couple initially met "at a couple of parties," though they didn't pay attention to each other much. But eventually, they got to know each other on the set of their film Gigli in 2002. 
"It felt like we had good chemistry. He could improv. I could improv back," Lopez said on Dateline. "When we did start working on the movie together, we did become friends." 
At the time, Lopez was married to her second husband, Cris Judd, but they split in mid-2002.
Lopez claimed that initially there was "no idea that we would be together in the future," when it came to her friendship with Affleck. 
Affleck agreed at the time, saying, he and Lopez admitted things to each other they wouldn't have had they intended to date. 
"Because you're not trying to impress someone because you don't think they'll be dating them, so you're like, 'Whatever, it doesn't matter!'" he said, noting that he gave Lopez details about his past romances. 
Three months after filming wrapped, Lopez and Judd split and just three months after that, Lopez and Affleck were engaged. Their romance was widely publicized with the pair earning the nickname "Bennifer." Lopez's divorce from Judd was finalized in 2003. 
Lopez released her hit third studio album, This Is Me… Then in November 2002, which was filled with hits like "Jenny From the Block" and "I'm Glad." It also included the song, "Dear Ben," which was a love letter to her man. Affleck also starred in the iconic music video for "Jenny From the Block."
Affleck popped the question to his lady love in November 2002 with a custom Harry Winston pink diamond ring. He described the proposal as "traditional," though he opted to keep the details of the proposal quiet at the time. 
Three days before their September 2003 wedding, the stars called things off. 
At the time, they released a joint statement, saying, "Due to the excessive media attention surrounding our wedding, we have decided to postpone the date. When we found ourselves seriously contemplating hiring three separate 'decoy brides' at three different locations, we realized that something was awry."
The pair went on to say that the day had been "spoiled" for them. 
Decades later in their The Greatest Love Story Never Told documentary, they got candid about what led to them calling it quits at the time. 
"When Jen and I broke up before, the catalyst for that was the scrutiny around our private life," Affleck admitted. 
"We had a big wedding plan, three days before, we just crumbled under the pressure," Lopez shared. 
In January 2004, just months after their postponed wedding, the couple officially ended things. 
"Our relationship crumbled under the weight of the pressure," Lopez told Variety of the split decades later. "We lost a sense of ourselves, and we needed to separate because we didn't know how to survive it. I had to figure myself out, and he had to figure himself out."
In March 2004, months after their real-life breakup, the former couple's second film, Jersey Girl, was released. Lopez did not attend the film's premiere, though Affleck did, posing with co-star, Liv Tyler. 
Lopez tied the knot with singer Marc Anthony in 2004. The pair stayed together until 2014 and welcomed twins Max and Emme together in February 2008. Affleck married actress Jennifer Garner from 2005 to 2018. The exes are parents to kids Violet, Seraphina, and Samuel. Lopez was also engaged to former baseball star Alex Rodriguez from 2019 until 2021.
Just weeks after Lopez and Rodriguez officially called it quits, Lopez and Affleck were spotted on a trip to Montana together on Mother's Day weekend in May 2021 after he was previously spotted visiting her Los Angeles home on multiple occasions. 
According to ET's source at the time, Affleck was the one who began pursuing Lopez again after they remained on friendly terms following their 2004 split.
"Ben has always had an affinity for Jennifer and was the one who initially started pursuing her and making an effort to reconnect, romantically speaking," the source said. "He wanted to explore things with her beyond a friendship and they've both really been enjoying spending time together."
A source also told ET that things between the two took a romantic turn in February.
"Jen and Ben have remained in contact since their breakup and would see each other from time to time, but as friends," the source said. "In February things took more of a flirty turn. Ben started to pursue Jen and made it clear he wanted more than a friendship. The two have always shared a strong bond and are spending time together to see if there is a spark or it's just two friends finding comfort in one another."
Lopez rang in her 52nd birthday with a post featuring Affleck, marking the first time the couple had appeared together on her Instagram. 
After making fans go wild with their rekindled romance, the couple made their red carpet debut for the first time in 18 years at the Venice Film Festival for the premiere of Affleck's film, The Last Duel, in September 2021, packing on plenty of PDA in the process. 
Though they didn't walk the red carpet together at the 2021 Met Gala, Lopez and Affleck were photographed kissing at the event, albeit while wearing masks. 
Video
Affleck admitted to ET in October 2021 that media attention surrounding his private life was "not my favorite part," saying that he still takes his "responsibility" to promoting his films "seriously." 
In a February 2022 interview with Rolling Stone, Lopez shared that she doesn't see herself and Affleck ever breaking up. 
"I don't think we would have got back together if we thought that was where it was headed," she said. "We feel like what we found again is so much more important, and how we protect that and how we live our lives — what to share, what not to share — is the balance that we have now, the benefit of experience and the wisdom that we gained over the years."
The couple made it a date night at the February 2022 premiere of Lopez's rom-com Marry Me. 
"It's a great date night. We're super happy," Lopez gushed to ET. "What can I tell you? We're just having a good time."
In April 2022, Lopez announced that Affleck had popped the question a second time, this time with a beautiful green ring. 
At the time a source told ET that the couple is "over the moon about their engagement." 
"They feel like they are living their dream life," the source said. "Ben always knew he wanted to marry Jen and they are so excited and happy."
In June 2022, Lopez told ET that she was in a "beautiful" stage of life with Affleck. 
"I do think it's just halftime," Lopez quipped at the premiere of her documentary, titled Halftime. "It's a beautiful moment." 
With wedding planning in full swing for the couple's big day, J.Lo found herself experiencing some PTSD from their first engagement. She told Jimmy Kimmel in January 2023 that as Lopez became more stressed about the big wedding, Affleck decided they should elope in Vegas first in July 2022. 
"He was like, 'Go to rehearsal. When you get back here, I'm going to have everything all set up. Three of our kids were at camp, two of them were with us and he was like, 'They're going to be our witnesses. Let's go. We're doing it tonight.' And we did," she told Kimmel. 
Lopez went on to change her last name to Affleck after the ceremony. 
After they got the actual marriage part taken care of, the two had their big wedding moment at Affleck's Riceboro, Georgia, estate. 
"Some old wounds were healed that day and the weight of the past finally lifted off our shoulders," Lopez later wrote of the special day. "Full-circle — and not at all the way we planned it. Better."
On Valentine's Day 2023, the couple debuted their matching infinity symbol ink, complete with each other's initials, names, and arrows. 
A source told ET at the time that the actor and singer-actress wanted to show their commitment to each other "in a cool, fun and unique way." And, with that in mind, the source said Lopez "listened to Ben's input on what they ultimately decided to go with because he already has so many tattoos."
The source added that Lopez trusted Affleck and she "knew he would have a good idea of what would look good on both of them."
ET confirmed that couple closed on a $60 million home together in the Wallingford Estates area of Beverly Hills in May after two years of house hunting in May 2023. 
For their one-year anniversary the couple were spotted out for a romantic dinner at Giorgio Baldi in Santa Monica, California. 
As Lopez rang in her 54th birthday with Affleck in July 2023, ET learned that the couple was focused on combining their blended family after closing on their house. 
"They are working on meshing their families in a healthy and gentle way, while also making sure everyone has a fun summer," a source said at the time. 
The couple collaborated to write the This Is Me… Now film, and Lopez couldn't get enough of it. In December 2023, she opened up to ET about the process, saying, "We collaborate very well together." 
"Nobody knows my story more than he does," she added. "So we were able to kind of sit down and really dig into it, in a way that I don't think any other writer could've done with me."
With Affleck's facial expressions becoming instant memes and paparazzi capturing shots of the actor looking less than enthusiastic, Lopez came to his rescue in January 2024 at the Golden Globes, when ET asked about the moments. 
"Ben is doing alright. You don’t need to worry about Ben, let me just tell you," Lopez told ET of Affleck. "He is good. He is happy. He is here -- he is nominated. I'm chilling, I don't understand what people are so pressed for." 
Lopez released her ninth studio album in February 2024, a follow up to 2002's This Is Me… Then. She made it clear that her rekindled romance with Affleck inspired her tracks. 
"When Ben and I got back together, it was just like, 'I want to make music again, I want to get back in the studio,'" she told ET at the time. "I was very, very inspired."
As a visual counterpart to her new music, Lopez released a musical cinematic experience titled, This Is Me… Now: A Love Story, which was filled with celebrity cameos including Jane Fonda, Keke Palmer, Post Malone, and more, including Affleck himself. 
"It seems like a fairytale, but it really wasn't. And so I really wanted to tell that part of the story -- the real story, in a way, but not my autobiographical story," Lopez told ET in February 2024 of the more challenging parts of her romantic pasts. "It is inspired by a lot of the things I went through and it's really about what it has been for me to be a hopeless romantic my whole life, and some of the pitfalls of that."
While attending a Los Angeles screening of The Greatest Love Story Never Told in February 2024, Lopez opened up to ET about her husband's involvement in the project. 
"He embraced it as well and kind of saw it happening. And again, from a natural and organic way, said, 'I'm going to support you,'" she told ET. "When somebody loves you in that way, they just want you to fly." 
The couple weren't shy about their PDA while sitting courtside in March 2024 at a Los Angeles Lakers game as the team played the Golden State Warriors. 
The pair attended the game with Affleck's son, Samuel, whom he shares with his ex-wife, Garner. While the game was in full swing, Affleck and Lopez sat with their arms around each other. In a couple of sweet moments, the pair leaned in close to chat with each other. They also held hands as they made their way down the court.
Despite criticism, Lopez was keeping her head held high with the support of Affleck in early May 2024. 
A source told ET at the time that J.Lo had her Oscar-winning significant other to lean on, which was why she isn't focused on any negative chatter or feedback that came her way.
"Jen has not been paying much attention to any outside hate," the source said. "She has always had to deal with criticism and knows that she is misunderstood by some. She realizes that will always be the case because she's an artist and there are people who don't get her or know her."
Throughout it all, the source added, "Ben is 100 percent supportive of Jen and keeps it real with her. They both know this is part of the business and remind each other that you can't please everyone. They acknowledge what really matters, lift each other up, and encourage each other's talents and capabilities."
Though Lopez served as the co-chair of the 2024 Met Gala, she attended the annual event solo. At the time, a rep for Affleck told ET the actor did not attend the Met Gala with Lopez because he was filming The Accountant 2 in Los Angeles. 
The day before the Met Gala, Affleck attended the live taping of Netflix's Tom Brady: The Greatest Roast of All Time solo, where he got on stage and told a few jokes at Brady's expense. 
The back-to-back solo engagements sparked rumors of trouble in paradise for the two stars. 
A source told ET in May 2024, "Jen and Ben have had their ups and downs since getting married. They have gone through phases where things haven't been as great between them due to their different personalities and not getting enough time together. They're not always on the same page. They both have so much going on between taking care of their families and their work commitments and it can be a lot for them."
Around the same time, Lopez was spotted out while still wearing her wedding ring. At an event on May 19, Affleck was spotted holding his phone in the car with the screen lit up featuring a professional image of Lopez with the contact name "Jennifer Affleck."
Amid their reported tensions, another person familiar with the couple told ET that the Argo actor is keeping his family -- purportedly meaning his children and current wife -- safe and happy as he and Lopez work through their issues. 
"Ben's priority is his family and well-being," a source shared.
Just hours after Lopez attended the premiere of her Netflix film, Atlas, on May 20, ET sources said that Affleck had pinpointed his struggles in the marriage and that he was coming to terms with their disconnect. 
"Ben feels like Jen has a hard time feeling satisfied and that's one of the issues they're facing," the source shared. "Ben is one of the only people who feels comfortable enough to be honest and real with Jen. It's part of why Jen loves him, but also why she's upset with him."
While it is unknown if the source was referring to dissatisfaction in her work or personal life, Lopez was quick to shut down a journalist who asked her about the relationship rumors while promoting the film. 
During a stop in Mexico City alongside her Atlas co-star Simu Liu on May 22, the actress and singer answered questions about the movie in a press-conference-style appearance. While chatting, one bold reporter piped up to ask about her marriage and left the room in a tizzy. 
According to video from the event, when one journalist asked about the rumors, another person off camera -- who some in the comments identified as Liu -- quickly got ahead of Lopez and responded, "OK, we're not doing that."
"You know better than that," added Lopez, who was wearing the wedding ring.
A source confirms to ET that the couple is taking time apart from one another and has been having issues for a while. The source said, "Jen and Ben are continuing to take space from each other. They've been having issues for a few months and trying to figure things out on their own." 
Lopez may especially be having a hard time.
"Jen has been having a hard time dealing with the general stress of life as well as in her career," the source continues. "She has been experiencing ups and downs while processing everything. She has been throwing herself into work, which has always been an outlet for her to stay busy and distracted."
Despite their break from each other, the couple was spotted together on May 30, heading to Violet's graduation party in Los Angeles. While they did not seem over the moon in love, they presented a united front. Affleck also shares Seraphina, 15, and Samuel, 12, with Garner, 52.
A source told ET that the couple is "dealing with some problems" amid the ongoing chatter about the state of their relationship. 
"Jen has been feeling pressure with all her work commitments and Ben is more chill and doesn't care about Hollywood and the stuff that comes along with it. He feels like ups and downs are part of life and everyone has these moments," the source shared. 
"Ben and Jen don't want to get divorced," the source added, "and are saying they won't, but their relationship is simply not working at this point. They aren't done yet and want to fix things because they love each other, but they are also both unhappy." 
The singer announced on May 31 that she's canceling her This Is Me... Now The Tour, which would have been her first tour in five years. She last toured in 2019, which grossed over $50 million and sold out venues across the country.
"Jennifer is taking time off to be with her children, family and close friends," representatives from Live Nation said in a statement. 
Lopez also expressed her apologies in a message to her fans via her OntheJLO newsletter.  
"I am completely heartsick and devastated about letting you down," she wrote. "Please know that I wouldn't do this if I didn't feel that it was absolutely necessary. I promise I will make it up to you and we will all be together again. I love you all so much. Until next time..."
A source told ET that the singer canceled her tour because "she wants to focus on her family and the stress from it has been a lot for her."
On June 9, ET learned that the couple is quietly trying to sell the $60.8 million estate that they bought together in May 2023 after two years of house hunting together. Meanwhile, Lopez has been spotted looking at properties.
That same day, Lopez was seen on an outing with her 16-year-old child, Emme, while putting both her engagement ring and wedding band on full display. 
A source told ET on June 10 where the couple stands as breakup rumors continue to swirl.
"Jen and Ben have been living separate lives but have not officially separated yet," the source said. "At this point, they are just doing their own thing. They went into their relationship very optimistic and thought things could change, but they haven't." 
When it comes to their living situation since they put their martial home on the market -- which they purchased just a year ago -- the source shared that Lopez is looking for places to set up shop as they attempt to take some space and figure things out. 
The source continued, "Jen is touring houses and shopping around for her own home. She has been leaning on her mom, sisters, and kids during this transitional period." Lopez has two sisters, Lynda and Leslie Ann. 
Meanwhile, Affleck has been leaning on his close friends, including Good Will Hunting co-writer Matt Damon, and family members during this time. 
"Ben is sad about it all but focused on his work, being a great dad, and co-parenting well with Jennifer Garner," the source said. "He has been leaning on Matt Damon and his close circle of guy friends. Matt is always in Ben’s corner and is supportive of him."
Lopez and Affleck were spotted separately attending Affleck's son's graduation not long after a source told ET that they've been "living separate lives."
The singer and actor were photographed separately entering the elementary school graduation ceremony of Affleck's 12-year-old son, Samuel, whom he shares with ex-wife Jennifer Garner. Affleck was pictured with his mom, Chris Anne Boldt, while Lopez was seen walking in alone.
This contrasts the united front they presented walking into Violet's graduation party together at the end of May.
But like the last graduation, both stars were wearing their wedding rings, indicating that they may not have thrown in the towel on their marriage yet.
Amid split rumors, Lopez praised Affleck on Father's Day.
In a special shout-out to her husband, the Atlas actress took to her Instagram Story to pay tribute to her love. Lopez shared a photo of Affleck from his Pearl Harbor film that shows him in the pilot seat. Over the pic, the "On the Floor" singer wrote, "Our Hero. Happy Father's Day." She did not share a post on her feed.
Just when things were looking up, Lopez was spotted vacationing in Italy without Affleck.
On June 19, Lopez was captured in photos and videos obtained by TMZ exploring a resort in Positano, Italy. She seemed to be taking her mind off of split rumors at her hotel while rocking a tube top and high-waisted shorts. She was joined by several friends both on the land and on the water, but her hubby was nowhere to be seen.
Affleck sat down for a candid chat with Kevin Hart in season 4 of his interview series, Hart to Heart.
In a first-look trailer for the season, Hart asked Affleck, "Would you change any of that, or would you do it the same way?" -- a question which Affleck seemed hesitant to answer. Fans immediately speculated that the question about regrets referred to Affleck's rumored relationship turmoil.
When the episode aired on June 20, fans were proven wrong. Affleck opened up about his wife's intense level of fame and adoration, but he did not address any of the speculation or reports of troubles in his marriage to Lopez.
Video
"She's so famous... [and] people love her, and she really represents something important to people," Affleck told Hart. "[With me,] people are like, 'Hey, I like your movie.' [But] then they're like 'AAAHHHH! J.Lo!,'" he exclaimed. "It's amazing."
Affleck recounted an experience walking in Times Square with Lopez and their children, which generated a frenzy.
"The s**t was like f**kin' bananas. I was like, 'Oh my god,'" Affleck recalled. "There was a lady, she was smoking weed, in a full purple skintight suit... and she starts running backwards filming, going 'J.Lo!' Like a herald."
When it comes to fame, Affleck wants to protect his children -- something he said he talks to Lopez a lot about.
"But I also know I like this life better for them than the one I had," he said. "I talk with Jennifer about that a lot as we look at what's the difference between our kids' lives."
After enjoying a dinner date with his eldest daughter, Violet, Affleck was spotted walking through Los Angeles without his wedding ring.
Although Affleck wasn't wearing his wedding band that Saturday, June 22, he was seen with it back on Sunday, June 23, when heading to his office.
Video
Vacationing solo has been nice break for J.Lo. 
A source told ET that Lopez needed a change of pace and scenery, so she opted for a vacation with her friends.
"Jen loves vacationing in Europe during the summer. It's been nice for her to experience a change of pace and have some breathing room," the source said. "She has been having a blast with her friends. They love to go to fun dinners, have late nights, lay out in the sun, get dressed up, dance, and shop."
The source noted that all of those activities aren't really Affleck's speed. 
"That's never really been Ben’s scene, even when him and Jen weren't having any issues," the source added. "Jen isn't letting the fact that Ben's not there bring her down."
Even though Affleck has been noticeably absent from the trip, Lopez has been wearing her wedding ring during the vacay.
Video
Ben was spotted with his wedding ring on as he left his Los Angeles office on Wednesday, June 26, after meeting with Jen, shortly after the 54-year-old triple-threat star enjoyed her vacation in Europe -- which saw her jetting off to Positano, Italy, and Paris, France, where she attended Paris Fashion Week.
Affleck looked sharp in a navy blue suit and white button-up shirt while carrying a large black duffel bag and his signature iced coffee drink as he made his way to the parking garage.
The 51-year-old Batman vs Superman actor -- who arrived at 8 a.m. to the office and left around 6 p.m. -- opted to wear his wedding ring for the occasion. After meeting with Affleck, Lopez, who arrived at the office building around noon, was seen departing the parking garage in a vehicle at 5 p.m.
"Ben and Jen are aware that their fans are paying attention to see if they're wearing their rings or not," a source told ET on Thursday, June 27. "They're trying to be as amicable as possible. They still want the best for everyone involved including their kids, the rest of their families, and shared friends."
Just days after returning to Los Angeles from a European trip, Lopez shared photos on Instagram showcasing her trip to the Hamptons for the Fourth of July. She was seen walking through fields of gorgeous flowers in the Hamptons and posing on a fence, all while wearing her wedding ring. The Instagram photos were captioned, "Happy Fourth 🌹"
Meanwhile, Affleck was spotted having dinner with two of his children in Los Angeles on July 3. Photos published by The Daily Mail show Affleck also wearing his wedding ring during the outing.
Lopez raised eyebrows with her fans as she opted to not wear her wedding ring in a video posted to her JLO Beauty brand account one day prior -- which she later reposted to her personal Instagram Story.
While promoting some products, Lopez went without her ring, and it was readily apparent as she held up the products in question, giving fans a good look at her bare ring finger.
 A month after ET learned that Jennifer Lopez and Ben Affleck were trying to quietly sell their Beverly Hills mansion, the couple publicly listed the property in early July for $68 million.
The 38,000 square-foot mansion sits on a five-acre lot and boasts 80 parking spaces, a zero edge pool, and an indoor sports complex that includes a gym, basketball and pickleball courts, a boxing ring, a sports lounge and a bar.
A separate 5,000-square-foot guest penthouse, caretaker house and two-bedroom guardhouse complement the main residence.
On July 13, 2024, Lopez shared an Instagram video from a girls outing with Affleck's oldest daughter, Violet, and her friend, Cassidey Fralin. 
"Summertime," Lopez captioned the clip.
In the Instagram Story, Lopez smiles as she records the video with her hair blowing in the wind as the car is in motion. Violet and Fralin gaze out of the window behind her. Adding some fun sounds to the moment, Lopez used The Kid LAROI's hit, "Girls," to the post. 
The "Dear Ben" singer also puts her wedding ring on display in the video.
Ahead of their second wedding anniversary, a source close to the couple told ET that they are dedicated to focusing on their loved ones while they spend time apart.
"Jen and Ben have been trying to focus on their loved ones while spending time apart," the source revealed on July 15. "Jen and Ben are both keeping their kids and respective families at the forefront of their minds as they move through these changes."
The separation has been a confusing and difficult time for everyone involved, but both Lopez and Affleck are committed to supporting each other and their children. The source emphasizes that all parents are doing their best to adapt to the new circumstances.
"They're trying to present themselves in a positive way for their kids," the source added. 
The couple didn't spend their second wedding anniversary together. 
July 16, 2022 marked the day the pair tied the knot during an intimate ceremony in Las Vegas. But the rocky couple did not celebrate their marriage milestone together.
In fact, the Oscar-winning actor and the Atlas actress rang in the occasion on separate coasts with Affleck in California and Lopez in the Hamptons. Instead of celebrating together, Lopez was spotted riding a bike and cruising in the car with her longtime manager and friend, Benny Medina. For his part, Affleck was spotted in a black suit and sporting his wedding ring as he made his way into his office in Los Angeles. 
Aug. 20 will mark the two-year anniversary of Bennifer's second and more lavish, wedding ceremony held in Georgia. 
With their marriage skating on thin ice, the pair want to protect their children.
A source told ET that Affleck and Lopez "are trying to make this transition as easy as possible and be gentle on their children. They don't want to make things more upsetting than they already have been."
But things are complicated considering Lopez and Violet "have gotten close throughout Jen and Ben's relationship, and maintaining that closeness is important to everyone."
"Ben certainly doesn't want to cause any strain between Jen and Violet, and he is in support of them spending time together," the source continued to ET. "It's a little tricky for him, but both Jen and Ben want all their kids to be happy, regardless of the issues they are facing in their marriage."
And there appears to be a seismic shift in the works that'll deeply impact this blended family's dynamic, like Affleck and Lopez listing their $68 million marital home in Beverly Hills.
"They are trying to sell their home sooner than later and want to move forward. They are hoping to have clear, new, and healthy directions for themselves and for their families," the source told ET. "They are trying to be strong, but it is a sad time for everyone, and it is difficult to have to deal with everything playing out publicly."
Lopez marked her 55th birthday early with a celebration in the Hamptons on July 20. But it seems like Affleck's invitation got lost in the mail as he was nowhere to be seen.
Lopez officially turns 55 on July 24, but she already celebrated big with a Bridgerton-themed party in the Hamptons. In photos obtained by multiple outlets, the festive gathering was on theme with an appearance of a horse-drawn carriage, lavish furniture that was driven onto the property and multiple orders of flowers. 
Affleck was spotted in Los Angeles with his children that weekend. Affleck's children were also not seen at the venue.
For more on Bennifer's love story and relationship, check out the links below. 
RELATED CONTENT:
Video
News
News
News
News
News
News