Explore the hottest hotel openings, exclusive experiences and our expertly curated destination guides. 
The latest from the world of fine dining, reviews of rare spirits and delicious cocktail recipes. 
Discover the latest supercars, pioneering yacht builds and boundary-pushing private jets. 
Explore the worlds of haute horology and fine jewelry, as well as carefully selected style guides. 
Explore the finest properties on the market, standout interior styling and architectural wonders. 
From science-backed retreats to traditional spas, relax into the world of high-end wellness. 
Be inspired by our conversations with Leaders in Luxury, and explore the world of Art and Tech. 
Elite Collections is a trusted distinction of excellence, recognizing the world’s finest suites, restaurants and jets. 
Get insider access to luxury’s best-kept secrets and exclusive offers. Elevate your inbox with the best in refined living.
Thank you for subscribing to our newsletter.You will recieve a confirmation shortly
The 67-story resort serves as a beacon for anyone looking to indulge in the extraordinary.
Words

Michelle Gross 
Share

 March 17, 2024 

After 23 years and $3.7bn, Fontainebleau Las Vegas opened in December and is already making a name for itself as one of the most hotly anticipated hotel openings. 
As far as legendary hotels go, when Fontainebleau Miami Beach first opened its glamorous mid-century modern doors in 1954, it was, by and large, the most luxurious resort the US had ever seen. 
Beloved by a long roster of celebrities and musicians including Frank Sinatra, Elvis Presley and Judy Garland, the hotel soon became known as America’s first destination resort, and has been synonymous with the jet set ever since. So when the time came to write a second act to follow in the iconic hotel’s footsteps, it was no easy feat.
[See also: The Best Hotels and Suites in Las Vegas]
“For almost 70 years, the Fontainebleau brand has challenged boundaries and expectations,” Fontainebleau development chairman and chief executive officer Jeffrey Soffer said. 
“With Fontainebleau Las Vegas, we have transcended aspiration and set the stage for a new era of luxury hospitality defined by innovation, sophistication and opulence, with an inextricable link to our roots at the Fontainebleau Miami Beach.” 
Staying true to the brand’s legacy of over-the-top opulence, the new vertically integrated mega-resort serves as a beacon for anyone looking to indulge in the extraordinary.
Spread across 67 floors of the glistening new high-rise resort are 3,644 luxury rooms and suites. High-tech touches and Art Deco glamour seamlessly blend to create one of the most elegant places to post up in the entertainment capital. 
Spa-like marble bathrooms with spacious rain showers and custom brass bow tie-shaped drawer pulls represent exquisite attention to detail and a nod to Fontainebleau’s dapper history. 
Each grand accommodation features expansive floor-to-ceiling windows offering views over the Las Vegas Strip. The crème de la crème is the Fleur de Lis suite collection, a super luxe hotel-within-a-hotel concept; the 76 Fleur de Lis suites occupy the top five floors of the hotel and come with their own private elevator bank, along with an array of exclusive amenities and experiences. 
The suites are designed to create a home-away-from-home feel, and Fleur de Lis guests are treated to their own personal valet and personal concierge to secure tickets and reservations at some of the city’s top restaurants and attractions. 
Evening butler service and amenities include thoughtful touches for added relaxation, including a pillow menu, tea program and bath butler who can draw a variety of options, from milk baths to Epsom salt soaks.
In true Las Vegas fashion, Fontainebleau features an array of world-class dining options and will offer a collection of 36 restaurants, lounges and bars. Some of the standouts include a few Fontainebleau originals, from Don’s Prime Steakhouse and elegant Bleau Bar to Japanese fusion and dim sum at Komodo and chef Evan Funke’s ever-popular Mother Wolf. 
For more casual fare, the second-story Promenade offers a mix of everything from bagels and “the best burgers in Las Vegas” at Capons as well as New York-style slices and pies at Miami Slice. Don’t skip town without stopping by Collins, a sexy lobby-side libation destination that shakes up some of the best martinis in town.
There are high-end spas — and then there is Lapis Spa & Wellness, a sanctuary of all things healing. From the moment you step inside the multilevel, celestial-themed, 55,000-sq-ft spa and are greeted by the spa butler, you will be transported to another dimension. 
With an impressive lineup of immersive wellness programming that focuses on healing and longevity, from 44 treatment rooms to men’s and women’s hydrotherapy lounges, a purifying salt cave, infrared sauna, snow room and a coed sensory room with communal healing baths, you don’t want to miss the event sauna. 
Choreographed by a dedicated sauna master who directs the hot and scented steam toward the bathers using the different rhythmical movements of a towel, the experience intertwines heat, sound and communal connection and is a memorable experience that will leave a lasting impression.
Fontainebleau is now open; however, a number of resort amenities, including the 96,500-sq-ft boutique retail space, six-acre pool district and the forthcoming adults-only LIV Beach day club experiences, are all slated to open in spring 2024. 
The 3,800-seat BleauLive Theater is open and already home to some of the world’s top talent, including Justin Timberlake, who christened the theater on opening night, and Post Malone, who headlined the sold-out New Year’s Eve concert. 
Of course, no trip to Las Vegas is complete without taking a spin through the casino, which offers 1,300 slot machines, 128 table games and a high-limit enclave. 
Fleur de Lis suites from $5,000 per night. Contact socialsales@fblasvegas.com, +1 702 678 0145, fontainebleaulasvegas.com
Words

Michelle Gross 
Share

                 © 2025 Elite Traveler. All rights reserved                

                    © 2025 Elite Traveler. All rights reserved