Beyonce has stunned her fans by performing Italian opera on her new country music album.
The pop superstar released her long-awaited eighth studio album Cowboy Carter on Friday with an impressive 27 tracks for fans to work through spanning 80 minutes. However, one track in particular caught the attention of listeners as she delved into a whole new genre.
The song, Daughter, sees Bey put her vocals to work on the famous Italian aria Caro Mio Ben. The lyrics to the song weave a tale about death and family. The verse says: “Now I ripped your dress and you're all black and blue. How long can he hold his breath / Before his death?”
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US .
READ MORE: Beyoncé to work with her dad again after pair put their 13-year feud behind them
Another lyric appears to reference Beyonce's track Daddy Lessons from her sixth studio album, Lemonade saying: “If you cross me, I’m just like my father.” Fans were delighted to hear the innovative recording and rushed to social media to share their excitement over the offering.
One wrote on X: "Beyoncé singing opera in Italian on daughter. Wow." A second added: "Not seeing enough people talking about Beyoncé’s insane Italian opera bridge on Daughter..." A third fan offered: "Beyoncé singing Italian opera on a country album was not on my 2024 bingo card but she ATE!"
A fourth social media user gushed: "THE OPERA ON DAUGHTER?? GAGGED OH BEYONCÉ YOU ARE INSANEEEE." A fifth praised the star commenting: "I just finished #COWBOYCARTER and all I can say is, thank you Beyoncè. She gave us country, pop, rock, gospel, trap, opera, and ballroom all while including country legends and Black country artists who deserve flowers and a larger platform. 10’s across the board."
Before releasing the album Beyoncé discussed her decision to make a record in the country music genre on Instagram. She said: “This album has been over five years in the making. It was born out of an experience that I had years ago where I did not feel welcomed… And it was very clear that I wasn’t.
"But, because of that experience, I did a deeper dive into the history of country music and studied our rich musical archive. It feels good to see how music can unite so many people around the world, while also amplifying the voices of some of the people who have dedicated so much of their lives to educating on our musical history.
“The criticisms I faced when I first entered this genre forced me to propel past the limitations that were put on me. Act II is a result of challenging myself, and taking my time to bend and blend genres together to create this body of work. I have a few surprises on the album, and have collaborated with some brilliant artists who I deeply respect. I hope that you can hear my heart and soul, and all the love and passion that I poured into every detail and every sound.”
The album features an array of other big-name chart stars including Miley Cyrus, Willie Nelson, Dolly Parton, and Post Malone.
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.