In anticipation of the highly awaited Super Bowl LVIII, the NFL has unveiled the star-studded lineup for the pregame entertainment. 
The multi-talented Reba McEntire will kick off the proceedings by delivering a soul-stirring rendition of the national anthem. Known for her powerful vocals and captivating stage presence, McEntire is set to bring a touch of elegance to the pregame festivities.
Following McEntire's performance, the stage will be graced by none other than Post Malone, who will take on the patriotic duty of singing "America the Beautiful."
Adding another layer of musical brilliance, singer and actress Andra Day will take center stage and sing "Lift Every Voice and Sing.”
In a nod to inclusivity, the pregame entertainment and Apple Music Super Bowl Halftime Show will feature American Sign Language performances. Representing the National Association of the Deaf (NAD), actor Daniel Durant, renowned for his role in the Academy Award-winning movie CODA, will deliver an ASL rendition of the national anthem. 
Actress, model and dancer Anjel Pinero will sign "America the Beautiful," adding a visual spectacle to the performance.
Shaheem Sanchez, a talented actor and choreographer, will sign "Lift Every Voice and Sing" and debut the ASL rendition of the Apple Music Super Bowl Halftime Show.
The NFL officially announced Gwen Stefani as the headline performer for the Super Bowl TikTok Tailgate, the highly anticipated pregame extravaganza leading up to the big game.
The real buzz centers around the halftime show, headlined by none other than the multi-talented Usher. The anticipation has been building since the first teaser, released in collaboration with Apple Music, promised a performance "30 years in the making."
The trailer for the Apple Music Super Bowl LVIII Halftime Show, unveiled last week, gave fans a glimpse of what's to come. Opening with a soul-stirring performance by a gospel choir reciting the iconic lines "Peace up / A-town down," the teaser showcased a spectacular display featuring fans of all ages, marching bands, dance troupes and celebrity appearances.
Notable figures such as LeBron James, J Balvin, and BTS' Jungkook were among those showcased, promising a diverse and dynamic celebration of Usher's music legacy. The performance is set to include some of Usher's biggest hits, including the iconic 2004 single "Yeah!" from his album, "Confessions."
When ET spoke with the 45-year-old singer on the heels of his announcement as Super Bowl headliner, he teased what fans can expect from the high-profile performance.
"This is a celebration of my legacy. It's a celebration of my music. It's a celebration of my passion," Usher shared. "30 years ago, that journey started, and now it's landed me at this point in my life at the Super Bowl. Lot of songs, lot of moments, lot of dance, lot of energy."
"The hardest part of Super Bowl prep has been choosing the set list," he explained. "You've got 13 minutes in order to get through an entire legacy of music," he noted, before sharing how he was feeling ahead of the performance.
"The fact that I have my friends and new people to celebrate with is ultimately what's driving me and building my anticipation and excitement," he said. "I don't take it for granted. My mother talked about this moment many years ago actually and there was the thought that maybe it wouldn't come. It was just a matter of time and making certain that the moment was right."
Usher noted that he's "absolutely" fielding phone calls from past collaborators about a potential Super Bowl appearance, something he's been "considering a lot."
"It's magic time," he said of the performance, playing coy about possible special guests by saying, "Who knows?"
Super Bowl LVIII takes place on Sunday, Feb. 11 at Allegiant Stadium in Paradise, Nevada. The show will air live on CBS, Nickelodeon and Univision, streaming live on Paramount+, NFL+ and Vix.
RELATED CONTENT:
Video
News
TV
Music
Super Bowl
News