This is high praise.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Jennifer Lopez managed to shake up the 2024 movie schedule this year with the release of This Is Me… Now: A Love Story. The film is a companion piece to Lopez’s album of the same name and, thus far, it’s garnered solid critical buzz, and Prime Video subscribers seem to be enjoying it as well. Much praise has gone to the multi-hyphenate for her work in the feature, which she not only starred in but also co-wrote. In addition to that, one of Lopez’s co-stars thinks she deserves an Oscar for the work that she did. Said star explained why the pop culture icon is worthy of the gold statuette. 
The new movie features a star-studded cast, which includes the likes of Keke Palmer, Post Malone and Jane Fonda. Even Ben Affleck appears in a wild cameo (which I can’t get out of my head). Also joining the aforementioned stars is Alix Angelis, who plays the role of The Quiet One in the visually vibrant film. She was recently approached by TMZ and asked about what it was like collaborating with JLo on the endeavor. The news outlet also inquired about whether Angelis thought the entertainer’s leading role as The Artist could nab her some love from the Academy. And it sounds like Angelis really likes the idea: 
I don’t know if this musical, cinematic experience will qualify for an Oscar, but if it does, then yes, this is her role.
This isn’t the first time that a person has declared that Jennifer Lopez was worthy of being an Oscar contender for a role. During the 2019-2020 awards season, she received high praise for her role in the crime drama Hustlers, for which she earned a number of honors. However, many were surprised when she ultimately didn’t earn an Academy Award nomination. Lopez seemed to put a lot into work performance as veteran stripper Ramona Vega, and Alix Angelis she gave it her all with her latest role as well: 
She is so vulnerable in a way that somehow makes her even more powerful. She goes deep. … It’s her entire life. This is 20 years in the making. She was involved with every single part of this. And yeah, she did her own choreography, it’s all her. The choreography is stunning.
Hear Me Out: After Watching This Is Me... Now on Amazon, I Need JLo In A Marvel Movie ASAP
This motion picture counterpart to the album This Is Me… Now serves as a visual metaphor for JLo’s life, encompassing the ups and downs she’s faced. With the help of stunning iconography (and choreography), viewers gain insight into her feelings about her reality as an artist. There are also plenty of nods to her relationship with Ben Affleck. All in all, it amounts to an intriguing piece of work that critics have called “epic,” “cringe” and more. 
I’m not sure the Shotgun Wedding alum will actually get any kind of Oscar nominations for this project. And, should that be the case, she likely won’t sweat it, when she first addressed her snub for Hustlers years ago, she admitted that she couldn’t help but say “ouch” when being passed over. However, she later reminded herself that she’s not in this business simply to get awards. She’s here to do the work and, based on Alix Angelis’ comments, her effort speaks for itself in regard to the newest entry in her filmography.
This Is Me… Now: A Love Story is now available to stream on Prime Video.
Your Daily Blend of Entertainment News
Erik Swann is a Senior Content Producer at CinemaBlend. He began working with the publication in 2020 when he was hired as Weekend Editor. Today, he continues to write, edit and handle social media responsibilities over the weekend. On weekdays, he also writes TV and movie-related news and helps out with editing and social media as needed. He graduated from the University of Maryland, where he received a degree in Broadcast Journalism. After shifting into multi-platform journalism, he started working as a freelance writer and editor before joining CB. Covers superheroes, sci-fi, comedy, and almost anything else in film and TV. He eats more pizza than the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
A Big Taylor Swift Milestone Quietly Came And Went In April
Another Simple Favor's Ending Leaves A Huge Mystery, And I'm Already Hoping For A Third Movie
Full House’s Jodie Sweetin Opens Up Years After ‘Never Actually’ Feuding With Candace Cameron Bure Over ‘Traditional Marriage Beliefs, But It’s Clear They’re From ‘Very Different Worlds'

Cinemablend is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.