By 

	Ethan Millman


	If there’s a takeaway from the trailer for Jennifer Lopez‘s upcoming documentary film The Greatest Love Story Never Told, it’s that, like many celebrities who venture into producing a doc on their own life, the legendary entertainer wants to set the record straight and tell her own truth. 

	“It takes courage to share your truth and I know it could end disastrously,” Lopez opines in the trailer. “Nobody figures out anything when everything’s all hunky dory and rosy. You figure shit out when shit is hard.”

The Greatest Story Never Told comes fresh on the heels of her ninth studio album, This Is Me… Now, and its accompanying film, This is Me… Now: A Love Story, which both released Friday. The documentary will be released on February 27 exclusively on Amazon Prime. The upcoming doc goes behind the scenes of the making of both the album and the film while giving a glimpse into Lopez herself as she looks back on over two decades of her life in the public eye.

	










	“I’ve been married four times now; I used to be terrified to be alone; I didn’t know what I was going to do by myself,” Lopez says in the trailer. 

	The trailer sets up the tension as Lopez weighs in on the stress of handling the projects and, at another point, looks back on handling an unspecified and public struggle. “What I portrayed to the world was ‘Oh, this didn’t work out, and it’s fine, and I’m good, and they’re good, and all that’s kind of bullshit,” she says. 





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Walton Goggins Shuts Down Interview Over Aimee Lou Wood Questions		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Piper Rockelle Has a Lot to Say About That Netflix Documentary		
	








	The trailer also shows a brief glimpse of stars, including shots of Ben Affleck, Fat Joe, and Keke Palmer. The three are all featured in This is Me… Now: A Love Story, along with Trevor Noah, Kim Petras, Post Malone, and several others.

	Lopez has pulled out all the stops for her latest release. Between the doc, the film, and the new album, the singer also announced on Thursday that she’ll hit the road for a tour for the first time in five years, starting this summer.  
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.