Sign up for your daily dose of dope.
Andrew "Drew" Taggart and his model girlfriend, Marianne Fonseca, are stepping out in style for Fashion Week.
Feb. 22 2024, Published 1:44 p.m. ET
Chainsmokers hitmaker Andrew "Drew" Taggart and his model girlfriend, Marianne Fonseca, are making a fashion statement in Milan.
RadarOnline.com has learned the power couple stepped out in style while attending the Roberto Cavali show debuting his fall 2024 collection.
Mari opted for a chic belly-baring denim getup paired with a tiny clutch while he wore a distressed and sheer collared top paired with matching bottoms that featured a splash of red.
Suitably called "Marbleous," it is "an ode to metamorphosis, with polychrome marbles representing and inspiring a woman's readiness to transform, evolve and reinterpret herself," per the brand.
She dazzled in a bejeweled black two-piece set while he looked suave in cream-colored pants and a button-up paired with a burnt red and green jacket.
While in Italy, the lovebirds also hit up the Diesel show together during Fashion Week. Diesel livestreamed its preparations and treated viewers to 24-hour access to the showspace, studio, casting room and atelier.
Mari opted for a chic belly-baring denim getup paired with a tiny clutch while he wore a distressed and sheer collared top paired with matching bottoms that featured a splash of red.
"Drew and Mari were honored to be in Milan for their first fashion week as a couple," sources close to the pair told RadarOnline.com. "It was an unbelievable experience to not just sit front row at these shows, but to be dressed by incredible designers like Glenn Martens for Diesel."
Earlier today, the model shared a "Get Ready With Me" video via her Instagram featuring Taggart as they prepped for the Max Mara show while he posted a car selfie.
Earlier today, the model shared a "Get Ready With Me" video via her Instagram featuring Taggart as they prepped for the Max Mara show while he posted a car selfie.
It's been an eventful few weeks for the chart-topping performer after he and bandmate Alex Pall of the Chainsmokers partied with Travis Kelce and Taylor Swift following the Kansas City Chiefs' Super Bowl win.
Drew and Alex took the stage at the Zouk nightclub at Resorts World, rocking the crowd including quarterback Patrick Mahomes and his wife Brittany, as well as chart-topping performer Post Malone and Kelce's fellow NFL star brother, Jason.
It's been an eventful few weeks for the chart-topping performer after he and bandmate Alex Pall of the Chainsmokers partied with Travis Kelce and Taylor Swift following the Kansas City Chiefs' Super Bowl win.
Daily updates from the heart of Hollywood, right to your inbox
By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you’re agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
Never miss a story — sign up for the RadarOnline.com newsletter to get your daily dose of dope. Daily. Breaking. Celebrity news. All free.
Kelce and Swift kept the party going with a fun-filled event at XS nightclub, where they reportedly stayed until the early hours of the morning, finally heading home at around 5:15 AM.
Email us at tips@radaronline.com
It's all over all right. On May 14, just one day before news broke that Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez are allegedly headed toward a divorce, the singer was spotted house-hunting on her own in Beverly Hills, RadarOnline.com revealed.
BY Aaron Johnson
Clint Eastwood has hit his “frankly, I don’t give a damn” moment in life!
BY Radar Staff
Tom Cruise is living up to his Top Gun image by splashing a fortune choppering his new female “best pal” around Britain – after he “fell in love” with the way she's overcome her disability.
BY Aaron Tinney
More From Radar Online
Opt-out of personalized ads
© Copyright 2025 RADAR ONLINE™️. A DIVISION OF MYSTIFY ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK INC. RADAR ONLINE is a registered trademark. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy. People may receive compensation for some links to products and services. Offers may be subject to change without notice.