The Grammy winner performed her rendition of the Black National Anthem ahead of kickoff
Nathan Vinson is the Weekend Audience Editor for PEOPLE.com, where he oversees PEOPLE's social media channels, newsletters and notifications over the weekend. He has been working for the brand since 2022.
Gilbert Flores/Billboard via Getty
 Andra Day doesn’t live her life based on what others think.

 On Wednesday, the “Rise Up” singer spoke exclusively to PEOPLE at the Billboard Women in Music Awards at the YouTube Theater in Inglewood, California about her recent 2024 Super Bowl performance.

 Day stole the show with her rendition of “Lift Every Voice and Sing,” which is also known as “The Black National Anthem” before kickoff, however, it wasn’t without a bit of backlash — though she isn’t concerned with the critics. 

 “I really didn't interpret the backlash, you know? It all really comes down to, for me, my faith, right? I'm a very spiritual person, which is different for everyone,” the “Stand Up for Something” songstress, 39, told PEOPLE.

Jamie Squire/Getty
 She also considered people having a difference in opinion to be “a normal thing.” 

 Day added that instead of focusing on the negative commentary, she'd rather focus on the good in life.

 “You can just live, and you can walk in [your] purpose, and you can really have peace about that,” she said.

 During her conversation with PEOPLE, Day discussed what it meant to her to “stand in the shoes of Sheryl Lee Ralph,” who performed the Black National Anthem at the 2023 Super Bowl.

 “It was an honor to sing a song that actually unifies people, that truly brings people together, so, you know, the naysayers will always be there. And bless them too, you know what I'm saying? I have peace about it, full peace, for sure,” Day said. She also praised Alicia Keys, who later joined Usher for the 2024 halftime show. 

 Never miss a story — sign up for PEOPLE's free daily newsletter to stay up-to-date on the best of what PEOPLE has to offer, from celebrity news to compelling human interest stories.

Jeff Kravitz/FilmMagic
 Ahead of Super Bowl weekend, the United States vs. Billie Holiday actress was joined by Post Malone, and Reba McEntire for a sit down with Apple Music to let fans know what to expect for the Big Game. 

 Speaking at the televised press conference, Day expressed her excitement to share “such an important piece of our culture with the world."

 “It feels intentional. I like to do things with intention and with purpose,’ she said, calling the song “a hymn of triumph.”

 She, Malone, 28, and McEntire, 68, performed during different segments at the annual sporting event.

Amy Sussman/Getty
 Before wrapping her conversation with PEOPLE at the Billboard Women in Music event on Wednesday, the Grammy winner was happy to discuss her upcoming project Cassandra.

 “I'm excited because I'm actually producing on this record as well,” she said while opening up about having “more creative control” this time around.

 “I brought my band into the studio to produce with me, I brought some friends into the studio to produce with me. So, the truth of the matter is, I feel like I have been like 10 different people in the last few years of my life.”

 “You know, between the movies and just the different seasons of my life, going through breakups. Like I said, I'm really at a place where I'm just, I'm taking the good with the bad and I'm grateful for it all, and this album reflects that,” she said.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)