By
Em Casalena
Post Malone has officially gone country. The former rapper has been experimenting with his country music roots over the last few years, notably with his newest album F-1 Trillion. He’s been busy working with a few fellow country artists as well. Let’s take a look at just a handful of Post Malone’s best country collaborations! This list isn’t exhaustive, by the way. And it’s likely going to grow very soon.
Post Malone and Luke Combs recently dropped their collaboration for the track “Guy For That”. The song was teased for months before it was finally released, and the result was excellent. The music video was nothing short of entertaining and showcased the unique beauty of downtown Nashville in all its glory. This is definitely one of the best Post Malone collaborations ever, and we can’t wait to see what these two collaborators do next.
Dwight Yoakam and Post Malone have been buds for a while, and they’ve collaborated fairly often. The cowpunk legend and Malone are frequent collaborators on Yoakam’s radio show Greater Bakersfield. One 2018 duet between the two, in which they perform a playful version of “Thousand Miles From Nowhere” is one of their very best.
[Get Tickets To See Post Malone Live On Tour]
2023 was a great year for Post Malone’s country music career, and 2024 will likely be even better. Last year during the CMA Awards, Malone joined forces with Morgan Wallen and HARDY to cover a couple of Joe Diffie classics, including “Pickup Man” and “John Deere Green”. He definitely stole the show, proving Malone is more than capable of outshining his country music contemporaries.
Nobody ever expected Post Malone to pay tribute to Elvis Presley, but he did so with flying colors a few years ago. Malone performed a lovely duet of “Baby, What You Want Me To Do” with Keith Urban during an Elvis tribute special in 2019. During that same tribute event, Malone also covered “Blue Suede Shoes” with country stars Blake Shelton, Mac Davis, and Little Big Town.
Photo by Brett Carlsen
When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission.
Only members can comment. Become a member. Already a member? Log in.
4 Songs with the Most Iconic Intros in Country Music
Watch Aerosmith’s Steven Tyler and Joe Perry Perform Together for the First Time in Two Years
Beyoncé Slapped With a Cease-And-Desist Over Tour Footage Involving the Las Vegas Sphere

			© 2025 American Songwriter			American Songwriter: a Savage Ventures Brand