Leeds Festival is now underway over at Bramham Park with thousands of music-lovers on site to see some of the biggest names in rock and alternative music. The main music programme runs from Friday August 23 to Sunday August 25 - here's what you can expect on day two from the Saturday line-up.
This time it's the turn of 90s and early 00s icons Blink-182, fresh from their drive all the way from Reading Festival on Friday night. Also appearing on the Main Stages are the likes of Two Door Cinema Club and Gerry Cinnamon.
But that’s not all. Here’s everything and everyone you need to know about as you head into the second full day of Leeds Festival. You can follow our sister site Leeds Live's coverage here.
Blink-182 and The Prodigy are just two of the biggest artists performing at Bramham Park on Saturday, August 24. Others appearing include Two Door Cinema Club, Gerry Cinnamon and The K’s.
Take a look at the set times below:
Main Stage
Chevron Stage
Chevron After Hours
BBC Radio 1 Stage
Festival Republic Stage
BBC Introducing Stage
Aux Stage
LS23
Piccadilly Party
If you want to attend Leeds Festival 2024, you can purchase remaining tickets through Ticketmaster or here. Ticket prices start at £125 for day passes and go up to £325 for a weekend pass, with additional packages also available, reports LeedsLive.
If you want ideas and inspiration to plan your next UK adventure plus selected offers and competitions, sign up for our 2Chill weekly newsletter here
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.