By
Lauren Boisvert
Updated: 
Chappell Roan made her award show debut tonight at the MTV VMAs, and her performance was full of her signature over-the-top imagery and drag-inspired looks. She performed her most recent hit, “Good Luck, Babe!” to a standing ovation from fans and fellow artists. 
Chappell started with an elaborate set and costume made to look like a medieval castle. There were incredible pyrotechnics throughout as she performed “Good Luck, Babe!” dressed in armor. Her back-up dancers engaged in sword fighting during the bridge, where Chappell showed off her impressive range and ability to belt. The performance concluded with all the knights dying around her, with Chappell kneeling at the front of the stage. 
The crowd went insane for the incredible performance, as she was given a standing ovation by fans and peers alike. It was truly a monumental moment for Chappell Roan, who gave a suitably cinematic performance for her award show debut. 
[RELATED: Chappell Roan Going Country? Pop Sensation Teases “Super Weird” Sound for Second Album]
Chappell Roan is rounding out her award show debut with two nominations tonight at the MTV VMAs. First, she’s up for MTV PUSH Performance of the Year for a March performance of “Red Wine Supernova.” She’s also nominated for the coveted Best New Artist award. She’ll be going against Benson Boone, Gracie Abrams, Shaboozey, Teddy Swims, and Tyla. Fans narrowed down the nominees to Chappell Roan, Tyla, and Benson Boone. 
With her incredible rise to fame this year, she has a definite chance to win both of her awards. Since the VMAs are fan-voted, her huge fanbase will be rallying behind her to possibly snag her first Moonpeople.
Other performances tonight include a show opener by Eminem. He performed a selection of material from his newest album The Death of Slim Shady. Additionally, pop star of the summer Sabrina Carpenter, Camilla Cabello, newcomer Benson Boone, and Halsey, who recently announced her newest album, performed as well. 
Featured Image by Daniel DeSlover/ZUMA Press Wire/Shutterstock
Only members can comment. Become a member. Already a member? Log in.
Before the Fame, Eddie Van Halen Experienced and Overcame a “Horrifying Racist Environment”
3 One-Hit Wonder Novelty Songs From the 50s and 60s That You Know by Heart
3 Bizarre Album Covers From the 90s That Had To Be Changed To Sell in Stores

			© 2025 American Songwriter			American Songwriter: a Savage Ventures Brand