ARIZONA NEWS
Mar 19, 2024, 7:00 PM                            | Updated: 7:17 pm
BY DAVID VEENSTRA
KTAR.com
PHOENIX – The Arizona Jazz Festival’s smooth and soothing sounds will be making a triumphant return to north Phoenix’s High Street venue this weekend.
The three-day, family-friendly festival spanning Friday through Sunday at 5415 E. High St. will bring more than 20 artists to the outdoor stage.
Some of this year’s headliners that will be playing include Charlie Wilson, Keith Sweat, Jodeci, Babyface, Anthony Hamilton, Teddy Swims and Robin Thicke.
Three-day and single-day passes for the festival are currently on sale, with a variety of different ticket options still available that can be purchased here.
The festival’s first day will see doors open at noon with performances running from 12:15 until 10 p.m. The second day will see doors open at 11:00 a.m. and performances running from 11:30 a.m. through 10 p.m. Doors will open at 11 a.m. on the final day of the festival with performances spanning from 11:50 a.m. until 10 p.m.
The cashless event will also feature a wide variety of food and drink options for festivalgoers. A plethora of beverage options will be available from mojitos and margaritas to Cabernet Sauvignon, Chardonnay and Merlot. For food lovers, vendors will be serving meals, snacks and desserts throughout the day.
Parking is provided at no additional cost. Attendants must present their festival tickets at the entrance for free access to parking facilities located in the 53rd/54th St. garage.
Follow @veenstra_david
Have a story idea or tip? Pass it along to the KTAR News team here.
David Veenstra

                                            A man is in critical condition after he was shot multiple times in a parking lot outside Casey Moore's Oyster House in Tempe on Saturday.                                        
8 hours ago
David Veenstra

                                            The Arizona Department of Public Safety issued a Silver Alert on Saturday for a Goodyear man with a medical condition who had gone missing.                                        
10 hours ago
David Veenstra

                                            A man was arrested after allegedly stabbing his roommate to death in north Phoenix on Friday, according to authorities.                                        
11 hours ago
Payne Moses

                                            Water goers throughout Arizona can exchange their old life jackets for new ones this May, thanks to the Arizona Game and Fish Department.                                        
12 hours ago
Payne Moses

                                            Self-screenings for HPV are now being offered at Sonora Quest Laboratories in Arizona, the medical company announced on Tuesday.                                        
14 hours ago
KTAR.com

                                            Authorities canceled a Silver Alert on Saturday for a Phoenix woman with a cognitive condition who went missing on Wednesday.                                         
16 hours ago

                                Asset Preservation Wealth & Tax                            

                                As tax season commences, creating a tax plan is important in order to maximize the most money in any returns you receive.                            

                                Sonic                            

                                As spring training kicks off in Arizona, baseball fans are flocking to the Valley of the Sun to catch their favorite teams in action.                            

                                Midwestern University                            

                                What if one of the best health care providers in your area wasn’t a big hospital or a corporate chain—but a place you’ve driven past without even realizing it? The best care is closer than you think.