Strictly Come Dancing's Anton du Beke offered some candid feedback to contestant Shayne following his first performance with professional partner Nancy Xu, which had previously sparked a wave of criticism from viewers.
During Saturday night's show, after Shayne and Nancy's tango to The Door by Teddy Swims, Anton passionately advised: "I want you to listen to this, I want you to concentrate. I want you to evolve yourself into the dance, it's about the dance."
He continued, emphasising the importance of immersion in the performance: "I, at the moment, don't want to know about you, at the moment. I will do later, right now I want you to be in the dance and when you do that, you get this because it's intense, it's together, you're in beautiful harmony."
Anton also highlighted the significance of the music and overall production, urging Shayne to focus. "The music is part of the whole production as well and it's a complete bit," he said. "I want you to focus on that because moving forward, you can be a real powerhouse in this competition."
Fellow judge Craig Revel Horwood concurred, adding: "I completely agree with Anton, you are the one to watch", reports the Mirror.
Shayne's efforts were rewarded with a score of 31 from the judges, marking a significant improvement from his initial performance.
Social media had been abuzz with comments branding Shayne as "overconfident" and "cocky" after his debut dance, leading to a backlash.
One viewer remarked at the time: "The overconfidence is actually something I'm not enjoying about Shayne right now."
One X user commented: "Shayne's not learned that no-one takes to the hyper-confident competitive ones, has he?"
Another person remarked: "Find someone that loves you as much as Shayne Ward loves himself."
Responding to the criticism, Shayne shared a message on Instagram stating: "Strictly is amazing and I love being part of it. But through my smile on TV I'm as nervous as the next person."
He continued, "Not cocky or overconfident... I'm nervous! I just gotta work hard and listen to my wonderful teacher [Nancy]. All I can do is my best!"
His dance partner Nancy also came to his defence on her Instagram story, saying: "Samba definitely is one of the hardest dances to begin with. You can tell by my face how much I was surprised and happy and proud of [Shayne]."
She added, "NOBODY is confident stepping on the Strictly dancefloor, especially [being watched and judged] by millions and four legends."
Strictly Come Dancing continues tonight at 7:15pm on BBC One and BBC iPlayer.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.