Manage your account
Morgan Wallen went into the 58th annual CMA Awards as the leading contender, with seven nominations. He won only one of those, but it was the prize he most would have wanted: entertainer of the year. Or we can assume so, since Wallen was the only no-show among the night’s big nominees.
The 2024 CMAs’ other multiple winners were Chris Stapleton, who picked up three trophies, and show co-host Lainey Wilson (last year’s entertainer of the year winner), who got two.
More from Variety
How to Watch the CMA Awards Live Online
Post Malone Announces 'Big Ass Stadium Tour' With Jelly Roll and Sierra Ferrell
Ashley Gorley Wins Songwriter of the Year at ASCAP Country Awards for 11th Time; Sony Music Publishing Also Keeps Streak Going
Others being awarded honors on the ABC telecast included Cody Johnson, Megan Moroney, Old Dominion and — in perhaps the night’s biggest upset — Brooks & Dunn, who won duo of the year for the 15 time… the first time in 18 years.
According to the Country Music Association, Stapleton and Brooks & Dunn are now tied for the most CMA wins ever, with 19 each.
Among those who were shut out were some of the night’s top nominees and leading favorites, including Post Malone, Jelly Roll and Shaboozey.
Wallen looked like he was being shut out, too, until he was finally named in the biggest category of the evening. He missed out on what was either the indignity or, perhaps, the great honor of having his name mispronounced by presenter Jeff Bridges as “Morgan Waylon.” (That would make the superstar the first Waylon to win entertainer of the year, since Waylon Jennings never did.)
Even though Wallen was the leading nominee this year with seven, and many believed a win for him in the entertainer category was in the tea leaves, his missing the CMAs could have reflected an expectation that he would be passed over again. Despite a slew of past nominations, and being put up for entertainer of the year for the prior two years, his only previous CMAs win was for best new artist. On any commercial level, Wallen has been the most successful artist in country music for several years running, with the kind of monstrous touring numbers that often factor into EOTY consideration.
Stapleton won for single and song of the year, for “White Horse,” as well as picking up male vocalist of the year for an eighth time. “So many great and very, very popular songs in this category,” Stapleton said while picking up the single of the year prize, alluding to a triumph over singles as huge as Shaboozey’s “A Bar Song (Tipsy)” and the Post Malone/Wallen collaboration “I Had Some Help.” (Both Malone and Shaboozey were shut out, despite multiple nods.)
Album of the year went to Cody Johnson, for “Leather,” in what could be considered an upset. Although Johnson is wildly popular in country industry and fandom circles, Johnson was not alone when he said he “fully expected” it to go to Stapleton or Jelly Roll. “I looked at my wife and said, ‘Jelly Roll’s got that.'”
Megan Moroney picked up the new artist of the year prize, not long after turning in a lively performance of the title song from her sophomore album, “Am I Okay?” “Thank you Jesus for putting this on my heart and thank you for the gift of songwriting,” she said, adding, “I’m freaking out.”
Wilson won female vocalist of the year, for the third year, as well as the music video of the year award for “Wildflowers and Wild Horses.” “This community has wrapped its arm around me and lifted me up from the get-go,” Wilson said. She made a point of naming professions beyond the music world who have gifts: “Whether you drive a tractor or make coffee, make people smile or laugh, or whatever that is, you should share that gift.”
Old Dominion won the vocal group of the year award for the seventh consecutive time, moving ahead of Little Big Town, who’d won it for six years straight. “We just made history,” said lead singer Matthew Ramsey. “Everyone we ever said ‘I love you’ to has brought us to this moment.”
Brooks and Dunn had reason to look genuinely startled after being named for vocal duo of the year for the first time since 2006. “What a weird business, right?” said Ronnie Dunn. “I love it. Right now, I really like it.” Added Kix Brooks: “There’s a famous quote that says, ‘Time is undefeated. I say: not yet. Wow!” The duo just released a new album, “Reboot II,” of duets with the top names in young country, including Jelly Roll, who joined them for a collaboration of the classic “Believe” earlier in the show.
Post Malone, who has become the darling of Nashville this year with his first country album, “F-1 Trillion,” opened the show with a duet with Stapleton, “California Sober.” Other performances that followed included a collaboration between Thomas Rhett and Teddy Swims on their respective hits, and Kelsea Ballerini and Noah Kahan reprising their recorded duet of “Cowboys Cry Too.” Ella Langley and Riley Green teamed up for “You Look Like You Love Me,” which had been announced as the vocal event of the year prior to the telecast. Kacey Musgraves was the only performer to appear alone on stage, turning in a solo acoustic rendition of her currently Grammy-nominated “The Architect.”
Wallen’s leading seven nominations included four for his featured duet appearance on Post Malone’s smash “I Had Some Help,” which was nominated in four categories, but didn’t prevail in any of them. That and the similarly shut out “A Bar Song (Tipsy)” have been the two biggest songs of the year across all genres, at least as measured by weeks spent atop the Billboard Hot 100 as well as the country charts.
The show can be streamed beginning Thursday on Hulu.
Here is the full list of 2024 categories, with the winners marked in bold:
ENTERTAINER OF THE YEAR• Luke Combs• Jelly Roll• Chris Stapleton• WINNER: Morgan Wallen• Lainey Wilson
SINGLE OF THE YEARAward goes to Artist(s), Producer(s) and Mix Engineer(s)• “A Bar Song (Tipsy)” – ShaboozeyProducers: Sean Cook, Nevin SastryMix Engineer: Raul Lopez• “Dirt Cheap” – Cody JohnsonProducer: Trent WillmonMix Engineer: Jack Clarke• “I Had Some Help” – Post Malone (Feat. Morgan Wallen)Producers: Louis Bell, Charlie Handsome, HoskinsMix Engineer: Ryan Gore• “Watermelon Moonshine” – Lainey WilsonProducer: Jay JoyceMix Engineers: Jason Hall, Jay Joyce• WINNER: “White Horse” – Chris StapletonProducers: Dave Cobb, Chris Stapleton, Morgane StapletonMix Engineer: Vance Powell
ALBUM OF THE YEARAward goes to Artist, Producer(s) and Mix Engineer(s)• “Deeper Well” – Kacey MusgravesProducers: Ian Fitchuk, Kacey Musgraves, Daniel TashianMix Engineers: Shawn Everett, Konrad Snyder• “Fathers & Sons” – Luke CombsProducers: Luke Combs, Chip Matthews, Jonathan SingletonMix Engineer: Chip Matthews• “Higher” – Chris StapletonProducers: Dave Cobb, Chris Stapleton, Morgane StapletonMix Engineer: Vance Powell• WINNER: “Leather” – Cody JohnsonProducer: Trent WillmonMix Engineer: Jack Clarke• “Whitsitt Chapel” – Jelly RollProducers: Andrew Baylis, Brock Berryhill, Zach Crowell, Jesse Frasure, David Garcia, Kevin “Thrasher” Gruft, Austin Nivarel, David Ray StevensMix Engineers: Jeff Braun, Jim Cooley
SONG OF THE YEARAward goes to Songwriter(s)• “Burn It Down”Songwriters: Hillary Lindsey, Parker McCollum, Lori McKenna, Liz Rose• “Dirt Cheap”Songwriter: Josh Phillips• “I Had Some Help”Songwriters: Louis Bell, Ashley Gorley, Charlie Handsome, Hoskins, Austin Post, Ernest Keith Smith, Morgan Wallen, Chandler Paul Walters• “The Painter”Songwriters: Benjy Davis, Kat Higgins, Ryan Larkins• WINNER: “White Horse”Songwriters: Chris Stapleton, Dan Wilson
NEW ARTIST OF THE YEAR• WINNER: Megan Moroney• Shaboozey• Nate Smith• Mitchell Tenpenny• Zach Top• Bailey Zimmerman
FEMALE VOCALIST OF THE YEAR• Kelsea Ballerini• Ashley McBryde• Megan Moroney• Kacey Musgraves• WINNER: Lainey Wilson
MALE VOCALIST OF THE YEAR• Luke Combs• Jelly Roll• Cody Johnson• WINNER: Chris Stapleton• Morgan Wallen
VOCAL GROUP OF THE YEAR• Lady A• Little Big Town• WINNER: Old Dominion• The Red Clay Strays• Zac Brown Band
VOCAL DUO OF THE YEAR• Brooks & Dunn• Brothers Osborne• Dan + Shay• Maddie & Tae• The War and Treaty
MUSICAL EVENT OF THE YEARAward goes to Artists and Producer(s)• “Cowboys Cry Too” – Kelsea Ballerini (with Noah Kahan)Producers: Kelsea Ballerini, Alysa Vanderheym• “I Had Some Help” – Post Malone (Feat. Morgan Wallen)Producers: Louis Bell, Charlie Handsome, Hoskins• “I Remember Everything” – Zach Bryan (ft. Kacey Musgraves)Producer: Zach Bryan• “Man Made a Bar” – Morgan Wallen (feat. Eric Church)Producer: Joey Moi• WINNER: “You Look Like You Love Me” – Ella Langley (feat. Riley Green)Producer: Will Bundy
MUSICIAN OF THE YEAR• Tom Bukovac – Guitar• Jenee Fleenor – Fiddle• Paul Franklin – Steel Guitar• Rob McNelley – Guitar• WINNER: Charlie Worsham – Guitar
MUSIC VIDEO OF THE YEARAward goes to Artist(s) and Director(s)• “Dirt Cheap” – Cody JohnsonDirector: Dustin Haney• “I Had Some Help” – Post Malone (Feat. Morgan Wallen)Director: Chris Villa• “I’m Not Pretty” – Megan MoroneyDirectors: Jeff Johnson, Megan Moroney• “The Painter” – Cody JohnsonDirector: Dustin Haney• “Wildflowers and Wild Horses” – Lainey WilsonDirector: Patrick Tracy
Best of Variety
New Movies Out Now in Theaters: What to See This Week 
Awards Season Calendar 2024-2025: Complete Schedule for Oscars, Emmys, Grammys and More
What's Coming to Netflix in November 2024
Sign up for Variety's Newsletter. For the latest news, follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram.