By Armando Tinoco 
Staff Writer

Foo Fighters have canceled their appearance at the Soundside Music Festival.

	The event is set to take place at Seaside Park in Bridgeport, Connecticut, on Saturday, September 28, and Sunday, September 29. Foo Fighters, scheduled to headline Sunday’s event, have now been replaced by Jack White and Greta Van Fleet.

	“Foo Fighters will no longer be appearing at this weekend’s Soundside Music Festival,” read a statement on the band’s official Instagram account.
A post shared by Foo Fighters (@foofighters)

	Foo Fighters didn’t specify why the band pulled out of their performance at the Soundside Music Festival. However, the cancellation comes two weeks after lead singer Dave Grohl shared that he had fathered a child outside his marriage.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	













	News
	



	
		
					Nirvana's Remaining Members Reunite At FireAid, Including Surprise Singer		
			















	News
	



	
		
					Trump Campaign Trolls Foo Fighters Over Use Of 'My Hero' Song At Rally: "It's Times Like These Facts Matter"		
			







	“I’ve recently become the father of a new baby daughter, born outside of my marriage,” Grohl said in a statement. “I plan to be a loving and supportive parent to her. I love my wife and my children, and I am doing everything I can to regain their trust and earn their forgiveness. We’re grateful for your consideration toward all the children involved, as we move forward together.”




			Watch on Deadline		





A post shared by Dave Grohl (@davestruestories)

	Noah Kahan is headlining the Soundside Music Festival on Saturday, September 28. Other musical acts scheduled for Saturday include Goo Goo Dolls, Fleet Foxes, Boyz II Men, Grace Potter, Thee Sacred Souls, Christone “Kingfish Ingram, Lisa Loeb and Nine Stories, Madi Diaz, and Rijah.

	On Sunday, September 29, Jack White and Greta Van Fleet will headline. Other artists confirmed for Sunday include Bleackers, Norah Jones, Teddy Swims, Gregory Alan Isakov, Drew Holcomb and the Neighbors, The War and Treaty, Hurray for the Riff Raff, and Darren Kiely.
A post shared by Soundside Music Festival (@soundsidefest)
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.