Tonight on NBC America’s Got Talent begins with an all-new Tuesday, August 27, 2024, episode and we have your America’s Got Talent recap below! On tonight’s AGT season 19 episode 12 “Quarterfinals 3″, as per the NBC synopsis,
“Eleven acts take the stage live and for the first time, a Live Show Golden Buzzer will send one act directly to the Finals. America can vote for their two favorite acts to advance to the Semi-finals by using the “AGT” App or going to NBC.com.”

Make sure to bookmark this spot and come back later for our America’s Got Talent recap from 8 PM – 10 PM ET! Refresh often so you get the most current info! While you wait for the episode head over and check out all our AGT spoilers, news, recaps & more!
Tonight’s America’s Got Talent recap begins now – Refresh Page often to get the most current updates!
In tonight’s America’s Got Talent episode, it was another night of the Quarterfinals. There were eleven acts performing tonight and only three will be going through into the next round. Which will only be revealed tomorrow night. The contestants were still fortunate because spirits were high. Up first was Menudo. They weren’t the original group. Their manager actually bought the name of the group and he put together a much younger group of boys to become the new Menudo. They had a rocky audition. The judges didn’t like their original song. They cut into that performance to get them to perform a completely different song at the last minute and they still pulled it off.
Menudo squeaked by into the Quarterfinals. Some judges didn’t like them. Howie even critiqued them. The group began working on their music right after that audition. They wanted to come back stronger than before. They put together a music video and they performed that original song tonight. The crowd loved it. The judges weren’t all that impressed. Howie mentioned that it was like watching a kids program on Telemundo on a Saturday morning. Sofia was kinder to the group and she still said the voices weren’t that strong. Menudo now has to rely on America.
America was voting tonight. It will be America to decide who makes it into the next round. Next up was Sam Huang. He was from Taiwan. He was known for a crazy close up magic game. His audition blew away Simon and so now he has to live up to the reputation. Sam came back with the hand trick. He developed it to help with his Tourette’s. His condition was acting up tonight. He wasn’t as good as his audition. He was still strong though. Howie still loved the act and neither he nor Simon have ever seen Sam’s act before. And so they at least enjoy the rarity.
Next up was The Reklaws. They were a brother and sister singing duo from Canada. Their audition was really strong. They performed an original song dedicated to their mother. They lost their mom due to mental health and they wanted to inspire other people to seek treatment now rather than later. Only they wanted to switch things up tonight. They wanted to perform something fun and energetic. They wanted to show off their full range. They did that with another original song. It wasn’t anything like their audition. Howie felt tonight was a bit of a downgrade.
Simon said that it was a midway song. It wasn’t a blown away audition. It wasn’t everything they had left for a final. Their performance was more about staying in the picture and not rocking boats.
The duo were still happy with their performance. They remembered that they were midway in the competition. So, going home at this point was still a win. Next up was Sabrina. They were a dance group from Japan. They had a strong audition. They knew it would be hard to top and so they practiced for weeks to get everything right.
Sabrina also was back with their stellar dresses. It was quite a show when they would sweep with the skirts of their dresses in such pristine synchronization. It was much harder than it looked. They were even some acrobatics thrown in there. They put on a great show. They received a standing ovation from the audience. They just didn’t receive one from the judges. The judges all seemed to like the performance only something was holding them back from giving them the Golden Buzzer. Heidi has the Golden Buzzer tonight. She was saving it for a great act and it apparently wasn’t Sabrina.
Next up was Kelsey Jane. She was an aerialist. She was from Texas. She had a strong audition. The judges really loved it and so tonight they wanted to see what else she could add to it. There was a beauty to her performance. It had an ethereal feel to it. It was the same at her audition. The audience loved her act so much that they couldn’t stop applauding her tonight. They were drowning out the judges when Heidi tried to talk. Heidi eventually said she enjoyed the performance. She loves seeing Kelsey’s smile. Simon on the other hand asked why Kelsie was doing this?
Kelsey was a dentist. She was loaded. Why did she want to give that up to explore acrobatics? Simon didn’t get it and so the two women judges reminded him that this was Kelsey’s dream. She has to fight for it while she still can. Next up was Journeyy. He was a nine year old singer from New Jersey. He sought out Simon’s opinion before the audition and he didn’t tell him what song he chose. He wanted that to be a surprise. He only told Simon that he was going to put his own spin on things. He ended up choosing Bob Marley “Baby, Don’t Worry”.
It was so great that it impressed the judges. They all felt that was a moment. The audience went crazy for that performance. They wouldn’t calm down. They were shouting Journeyy’s name because they wanted this little boy to know he was loved. He was incredibly talented. He managed to stand strong with the likes of Bob Marley. This moment alone can propel into the Finals. Next up was Learnmore Jonasi. He was a comedian from Zimbabwe originally. He now lives in Pennsylvania. He also was a Golden Buzzer.
He was Terry’s Golden Buzzer. He was a funny guy. He also was very thoughtful. He told his loved ones that if he manages to get the Golden Buzzer that he was going to ship them the golden confetti to celebrate. Well, he was a man of his word. He managed to collect as much of the golden confetti as possible. He shipped it to his loved ones all around the world. He also came back stronger than ever. His sense of humor was joyful and fun. He had everyone laughing with his jokes. He was a great guy. And he didn’t even get the Golden Buzzer.
A certain judge was being very stingy with that Golden Buzzer. Next up was Dee Dee Simon. She was a singer from California. She always wanted to sing for living. She got married and had kids. She became a nurse at a prison to help support her family, but she never gave up on her dream. She tried out this season. Her audition was so strong as well as freaking amazing that she naturally earned her spot on the show. She now just has to fight for it. She chose the song “Lose Control” by Teddy Swims tonight.
It was another great choice for Dee Dee. It showed off the full range of her voice. She was a powerhouse. Simon, it must be repeated, Simon of all people said she could win the whole competition. The other judges agreed with him. Heidi finally realized now was the time. She gave Dee the Golden Buzzer. She’s going straight into the Finals now. She and her family were moved to tears by that. They now love Heidi more than the other judges. And it was going to be tough to follow such a performance.
Maya Neelakantan still gave it a shot. She was up next. She was a ten year old girl from India. She was also a rock goddess. She loved the guitar. Her father learned by watching YouTube. He then taught his daughter. She’s since fallen in love with rock music. It’s what she loves playing. She impressed at the auditions and she came back tonight with a Metallica song. It was the first time that heavy metal rock group has ever allowed AGT to use their music. They did so for Maya because they were huge fans of her audition. The whole world became her fans after tonight.
Maya was truly skilled. She was also adorable. America was going to love her no matter what. The same should be said for all the kids that performed tonight. Next up was another kid. Reid Wilson was Howie’s Golden Buzzer. He was a fifteen year old singer from Alabama. He really wanted to win because he wanted to buy a dog with the reward money. He was also really talented. He performed “Almost Is Never Enough” by Ariana Grande. He put his own spin on it. It felt like a Motown rendition. His old world voice won him fans in the audition and it solidified his stance tonight.
Howie couldn’t help bragging that Reid was his Golden Buzzer. He was so proud of him tonight. All the judges were proud of Reid. The kid did good tonight. Last up was Jelly Boy the Clown. He was a clown and he spiced things up by adding a daredevil mentality to it. Simon was weary of clowns only he couldn’t stop Jelly Boy’s progress. The guy was from Iceland. His takes on clowns are different compared to the Westernized version of them. He was using sharp objects to put down his own throat.
He was scary and he was also great fun.
Jelly Boy the Clown helped change Simon’s opinion on clowns.
THE END!
RELATED POSTS