Strictly Come Dancing viewers have called on Paul Merson to be eliminated from the show for some of the "worst dancing" ever seen.


  This comes after the show made a triumphant comeback last week, seeing a whole host of famous faces compete to claim that Glitterball Trophy.


  Celebrities like Chris McCausland, Pete Wicks and Toyah Willcox are competing in the 2024 edition of the show.


  Fans were quick to take to X, formerly Twitter, to express their thoughts about his Salsa to Fireball by Pitbull with one user writing: "Some of the worst dancing I've ever seen and I absolutely loved every minute."


  Another joked: "Dad dancing at its best there."


  A third said: "I broke my toe about 12 years ago, and that was less painful than that 'salsa'," while a fourth added: "Making paul merson into the comedic dancer I see..."


  Another compared him to furniture, writing: "He was more wooden than my coffee table."


  One user called for him to be eliminated, telling others: "Can we all agree Paul needs to go home."


Strictly contestants reveal the dances they're looking forward to the most


Strictly teases 'avant-garde' tango as first celebrity to be axed this week


  These were dances and songs used by each Strictly Come Dancing couple for week 2.


Strictly Come Dancing continues every Saturday on BBC One and BBC iPlayer.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.