Two stages will remain closed for the entirety of Leeds Festival, while a third is expected to reopen, following high winds caused by Storm Lilian.


  Organisers at the festival in Bramham Park, near Wetherby, were forced to shut the Chevron, BBC Radio 1 and Aux stages on Friday (August 23), but reopened the arena with Liam Gallagher headlining as the event got under way for three days of music over the bank holiday weekend.


  The storm brought strong winds exceeding 70mph to northern parts of England and Wales and travel disruption, including axed flights.


  On Friday evening, organisers confirmed the BBC Radio 1 and the brand-new Aux stage will not reopen for scheduled performances on Saturday or Sunday, which were expected to feature stars including Jorja Smith, Teddy Swims, and The Wombats.


  “Unfortunately the health and safety team have now confirmed we will not be able use the BBC Radio 1 tent & stage tomorrow or Sunday,” festival organisers said on X.


  “We are devastated for you and of course the artists that were eager to play.


  “That is the same for the Aux stage too. Mother nature has played her part.


  “On the positive side, we are able to be reasonably sure the Chevron will be fit to play tomorrow and will be opened by The Useless Hotline at midday.”


    IMPORTANT UPDATE - LEEDS ⚠️
    Unfortunately the health and safety team have now confirmed we will not be able use the BBC Radio 1 tent & stage tomorrow or Sunday. We are devastated for you and of course the artists that were eager to play.
    That is the same for the Aux stage too.…
  

  The Chevron stage is expected to feature British electronic group The Prodigy and US rapper Denzel Curry on Saturday, as well as Scottish star Barry Can’t Swim and DJ Sonny Fodera on Sunday.


  On Friday, rap artist Bru-C was the first artist to take to the main stage after the arena was reopened, with rock band The Luka State missing out on their midday slot.


  His performance came after US star Renee Rapp pulled out of opening the main stage gig.


  “Leeds, the weather has been too dangerous for our crew or myself to set up/access the stage all morning,” she wrote on Instagram.


  “I’m so sad to miss you but your safety and my team’s safety is of the utmost importance and I can’t risk that. Love you down and see you at Reading.”


  Earlier in the day, festival organisers issued a travel update and said in a post that while bus services in Leeds city centre have resumed, there would “still be a wait at the festival site for a minimum of 90 minutes” before people are let through.


  A yellow wind warning issued by the Met Office was in place across northern England and North Wales until 11am on Friday, with the storm bringing gusts of around 50-60mph in the region.


  As the storm began to batter the north, festival organisers encouraged revellers to stay in their tents.


  “A fair few tents” have now been left at the campsite by “people who have chosen to go home”, according to one festivalgoer.


  The Met Office expects to ease at the festival site on Saturday, with forecasters predicting clouds changing to light showers by lunchtime.


  On Sunday they say festivalgoers can expect sun changing to light rain at lunch time for the final day of the event.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                

                            Last Updated: 

Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.