Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
The show is set to take place Sept. 11 at New York’s UBS Arena.

							By 

	Kimberly Nordyke

Managing Editor, Digital

Anitta, Karol G, LL Cool J and Shawn Mendes have been tapped to perform at the 2024 MTV Video Music Awards.

	They’ll take the stage at the awards show, airing live at 8 p.m. ET/PT on Sept. 11 from New York’s UBS Arena.



	These artists join previously announced performers Lenny Kravitz, Halsey, Blackpink‘s Lisa, Benson Boone, Sabrina Carpenter, Camila Cabello, Chappell Roan, GloRilla, Rauw Alejandro and Katy Perry, who will also receive the Michael Jackson Video Vanguard award. Megan Thee Stallion is set to host.



	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	Movies
			



	
		
					Far East Film Festival: Yihui Shao's Feminist Drama 'Her Story' Wins Top Prize		
			














	
	TV
			



	
		
					Kirk Medas, 'Floribama Shore' Star, Dies at 33		
			








	Anitta, who will take the stage at the VMAs for a third consecutive year, will perform a medley of “Savage Funk” and “Alegria” plus the world premiere of “Paradise” with guest appearances by Fat Joe, DJ Khaled and Tiago PZK. She’s also nominated for three VMAs this year, including best Latin, which she’s won twice previously.

	










	Karol G made her VMAs performing debut at last year’s show and also won her first VMA, for best collaboration. This year, she’s vying for best Latin alongside Anitta.

	LL Cool J will return to the VMAs stage with a performance of new music from his upcoming album, The Force. The hip-hop artist, who won his first VMA in 1991 and was the recipient of 1997’s Video Vanguard Award, also performed as part of last year’s 50th anniversary tribute to hip-hop.

	Shawn Mendes will return to the MTV stage for the first televised performance from his forthcoming fifth studio album, Shawn. This will mark his fourth VMA performance.

Taylor Swift leads the 2024 VMA nominees with a total of 10 noms, followed by Post Malone with nine; Ariana Grande, Eminem and Sabrina Carpenter with six apiece; Megan and SZA with five each; and Lisa, Olivia Rodrigo and Teddy Swims with four each. Fans can vote online in 15 gender-neutral categories through Aug. 30.

	MTV previously said that, in observance of the 23rd anniversary of 9/11, MTV will again support the nonprofit 9/11 Day, which organizes the September 11 National Day of Service and Remembrance, and Tuesday’s Children, which serves the families of 9/11.

	The VMAs are executive produced by Bruce Gillmer and Den of Thieves co-founder Jesse Ignjatovic, with Barb Bialkowski as co-executive producer. Alicia Portugal and Jackie Barba are executives in charge of production, Wendy Plaut is executive in charge of celebrity talent, and Lisa Lauricella is music talent executive.
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.