It’s a good day to be a David Kushner fan.
First, the rapidly rising singer-songwriter dropped the music video for his new single “Hero;” shortly after, he announced he’s heading out on a nationwide tour this fall.
From September through November, the husky-voiced, 23-year-old “Daylight” crooner will hit concert halls, theaters, and ballrooms all over North America.
That includes a stop at Brooklyn’s Paramount Theatre on Wednesday, Sept. 25.
“It’s been too long,” Kushner wrote on Instagram; for the record, his last tour was in late summer and early fall 2023. “North America, I’m coming to a city near you.”
And if you want to see him belt live, seats are available for all of Kushner’s 2024 concerts as soon as today.
As of today, fans can now purchase tickets on sites like Vivid Seats; the official on-sale is Friday, May 17.
Vivid Seats is a secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand.
They have a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and will be delivered before the event.
A complete calendar including tour dates, venues, and links to buy tickets can be found below.
On top of the tour, Kushner will also lend his talents to a trio of festivals.
If you want to see him do his thing at a multi-day music extravaganza — along with some of your favorite artists — here’s everything you need to know about the festivals David Kushner will be at this year.
Late last September, Kushner performed a 13-song set at Vancouver, BC, CA’s Fortune Sound Club.
According to Set List FM, here’s what he took to the stage that night:
01.) “Dead Man”02.) “Cigarettes”03.) “Mr. Forgettable”04.) “Georgia Rain”05.) “Burn”06.) “Miserable Man”07.) “Look Back & Laugh”08.) “oooWooo”09.) “Hero”10.) “Cannon Beach”11.) “Time”12.) “Elk Grove”13.) “Daylight”
This year, Kushner has put out a trio of singles.
Up first, he dropped the melancholy and chilling “Skin and Bones” that sounds like it came from a much older artist. That’s not meant as a slight, Kushner’s voice suggests a wisdom and maturity not often found in 20-somethings.
Next, he released “In My Bones” with Lost Frequencies (we’re sensing a “bone” theme here). Here, Kushner lends his deep vocals to a pulsing electronic track. After a few spins, we’d guess Kushner’s departure from heavy ballads here will likely be a nice change of pace at his live shows.
Finally, the aforementioned “Hero” (which he performed as early as September 2023 as evidenced by the above set list) hit the airwaves. This emotional track fits right in with Kushner’s earlier work. Expect to sing along with this anthem.
Want to listen for yourself?
You can find David Kushner’s complete discography here.
Looking for artists similar to Kushner on the road this year?
Here are just five of our powerful — yet sensitive — male singers you won’t want to miss live these next few months.
• Hozier
• Noah Kahan
• Conan Gray
• Niall Horan
• Teddy Swims
Who else is out and about? Take a look at our list of the 50 biggest concert tours in 2024 to find out.
This article was written by Matt Levy, New York Post live events reporter. Levy stays up-to-date on all the latest tour announcements from your favorite musical artists and comedians, as well as Broadway openings, sporting events and more live shows – and finds great ticket prices online. Since he started his tenure at the Post in 2022, Levy has reviewed a Bruce Springsteen concert and interviewed Melissa Villaseñor of SNL fame, to name a few. Please note that deals can expire, and all prices are subject to change