Shayne Ward was seen struggling to cope as he rehearsed for Strictly Come Dancing's second week of live performances.
The star was seen lying on the ground in the dance studio with his dance partner Nancy Xiu beside him after they had been practising their Tango to The Door by Teddy Swims. Shayne was seen telling fans things had been "tough" and that there was a lot to learn as he opened up about the strenuous practice sessions.
Speaking on Instagram he said he was "physically and mentally knackered" but "happy" and thanked Nancy for all her guidance throughout the day. The post came after he fired back at fans who reckon he was "cocky" during Strictly Come Dancing's first live show on Sa turday.
The Coronation Street star, 39, impressed the judges with his Samba to Stevie Wonder's Do I Do alongside professional partner, Nancy at the BBC Studios in London as the new series kicked off.
However, Shayne's charismatic performance was too much for some viewers as they took to X, formerly Twitter, suggesting the X Factor winner was "insufferable". One fan wrote: "If Shayne Ward was made of chocolate he'd lick himself." Another quipped: "Find someone that loves you as much as Shayne Ward loves himself." A third mused: "Cocky much!" While a fourth fumed: "That was insufferable!"
However, following the comments, the actor took to his Instagram to assure fans he was anything but over-confident. Sharing a solemn black and white photo of himself with his head in his hands, he wrote: "Strictly is amazing and I love being part of it. But through my smile on TV I'm as nervous as the next person. Not cocky or overconfident... I'm nervous!' I just gotta work hard and listen to my wonderful teacher Nancy Xiu. All I can do is my best!"
After his post, many fans flocked to social media, telling Shayne how much they enjoyed his performance, with some already declaring the showman the "winner" of the coveted Strictly Glitterball trophy.
Shayne got off to steady start on Saturday with Nancy and couple scored a respectable score of 21 for their Samba. Watching the actor perform in the studio was Shayne's wife, Sophie, who he paid tribute to before the show.
Just hours before his debut, Shayne took the opportunity to thank the former Hollyoaks actress, 40, who he has been in relationship with for eight years and with whom he shares two children.
The X Factor winner shared a photo of the couple on Instagram, adding Starship's song Nothing's Gonna Stop Us Now to the post. Shayne wrote: "As the first show is approaching and lights are preparing to shine brightly than ever before, I want to take this moment to say how grateful I am to my fiancée [Sophie] for putting me forward for [Strictly]. Sophie has loved the show for as long as I can remember, and every year she has said that I should do it.
The former Coronation Street star continued: "She's always had this belief in me! I trust her! And she made me *believe* in me! I can honestly say, having someone as special as Sophie by my side is a true blessing. Being part of strictly is the best thing I've ever done, and that's down to you! Thank you my angel I love you. Show 1. Let's have some fun."
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok , Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.