It feels like MTV has taken over Manchester this week as the European Music Awards head to the city on Sunday (November 10).
Not only has the American music channel already held a series of takeovers at bars and venues, but host Rita Ora is also voicing the Metrolink system to help direct people across the city.
The big celebration at Co-op Live will feature performances from music stars including Teddy Swims, Shawn Mendez, RAYE, Pet Shop Boys, and Korean supergroup Le Sserafim. And, at the helm of it all, will be British superstar Rita - taking on hosting duties at the event for a third year running.
READ MORE: Big Manchester band reunite with new music as fans say they are ‘so happy’
But Rita, who is a popstar, actress and TV presenter in her own right, says despite now being a seasoned pro when it comes to the EMAs, she still takes her hosting role seriously. She has been working diligently behind the scenes for months as she prepares every single detail for the show.
“It’s a huge compliment to be asked to come back,” Rita tells the Manchester Evening News. “The fact that MTV has trusted me with this huge live TV awards show, especially in Europe where my main fanbase is, is something that I always take personally.
“I want to make sure the outfits are great, the links are great, there’s a personal connection and a narrative there - I just want it all to feel fun and natural. I do put a lot of myself into it.”
Rita, who headlined Manchester Pride earlier this year, says there is a lot to get excited about at this year’s event - from the performances, the celebrity appearances and the general atmosphere of the show.
“I love them all,” the 33-year-old says of this year’s performance line-up. “Teddy Swims is one of the best vocalists right now, I just love listening to his voice. RAYE has had such an awesome journey, and Taylor [Swift], if she does come, would be amazing too.
”Shawn Mendez, I have known him for so long, I actually feel like every reunion we have is at the EMAS. He’s so sweet, he did a real cute thing for my step-kids, he sent them a happy birthday video for them which was so sweet.”
Speaking about the event taking place in Manchester and how the show will capture some of the city’s spirit, she adds: “[Manchester has] an endless amount of party energy. It’s just going to be so fun - I'm really happy it’s in Manchester, I’m genuinely excited. That’s what makes such a great awards show - you really need that energy in the room, and we’re just trying to bring the history and energy of Manchester into the arena.”
Rita says that this year’s awards ceremony also sees a large amount of female talent represented - with the likes of Taylor Swift, Charli XCX, Sabrina Carpenter, Billie Eilish and Beyoncé all leading the nominations.
“It’s about time,” she says of the female representation. “I do think that the pop girlies have really been delivering for so many different reasons, especially like breaking the mould and doing things that I think are out of the sort of typical popstar thing.
“Charli XCX being a great example of just coming out and not caring. It just feels like we’re back to that base of where if you’re not authentic, it won’t work, which I think is just really cool. I’m very proud, I’m so, so honoured to be amongst these women and let’s just keep slaying.”
Following the EMAs, Rita has an exciting year ahead of her which she says will include the release of new music as well as new shows and roles in big movies. “I’ve been recording new music,” she explains.
“I’ve been trying my best before I go on tour with Kylie in April. I’m finishing another couple of movies, I’ve just wrapped one up and another I'll be shooting next year - it’s a big one, and it’s going to be a really great announcement.
“I’ve also got The Masked Singer USA coming up, but the EMAs are my top priority right now.”
And teasing what surprises could be in store for Sunday’s show, Rita remains tight-lipped. “I think expect the unexpected, but it wouldn’t be a surprise if I told you,” she laughs.
“But, just trust me, it’s worth it - it’s going to be a hell of a ride, so just watch!”
The 2024 MTV EMAs will take place at Co-op Live on Sunday (November 10). The event will be broadcast at 9pm on MTV UK, Channel 5 and Pluto TV, and will be available on demand on Paramount+ from 12 November.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.