Morgan Wallen arrives at the 56th Annual CMA Awards on Wednesday, Nov. 9, 2022, at the Bridgestone Arena in Nashville, Tenn. (Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP)
The 58th Annual CMA Awards is set to kick off live on ABC Wednesday, Nov. 20 at 8 p.m. Eastern Time (7 p.m. Central Time).
The 2024 CMA Awards will be hosted by Luke Bryan, Peyton Manning and Lainey Wilson. It will also be opened by a special performance from Chris Stapleton and Post Malone.
Along with the performance from Post Malone and Stapleton, others set to take the stage thought the night include Miranda Lambert, Jelly Roll, Kelsea Ballerini, Riley Green, Teddy Swims, Luke Bryan, Kacey Musgraves, Luke Combs, Lainey Wilson and many more.
Although premiering on ABC, those without basic cable can still watch 2024 CMA Awards live on Wednesday night with either Fubo or DirecTV Stream.
Both live streaming services offer free trials for new subscribers who can watch the awards show live for free before committing to a paid subscription. However, Fubo is the cheaper option following its 7-day free trial.
Both Fubo and DirecTV Stream are set up like any other streaming service, but rather than offering exclusively on-demand content, they both offer exclusive live TV channels. So like cable, but without the hassle.
Fubo considers itself a sports-focused live streaming service, but overall, its standard package comes with over 100 live TV channels for $79.99 a month after its free trial. These channels include ESPN, ABC, NBC, CBS, TLC, MTV and much more.
Fubo also comes with a variety of shows and movies users can watch on-demand along with the option to record your favorite TV shows.
DirecTV Stream is similar to Fubo in that it offers many of the same channels and features. At 101.98 a month after its free trial, the base package comes with a little over 90 live TV channels.
Those interested can check out all of DirecTV Stream’s channel packages here.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices