TribLIVE's Daily and Weekly email newsletters deliver the news you want and information you need, right to your inbox.
Aerosmith will be saying “Another Last Goodbye” to Pittsburgh.
The legendary rock band announced Wednesday that they would be resuming their Peace Out tour, starting Sept. 20 at PPG Paints Arena in Pittsburgh.
The band’s farewell tour had been postponed last year because of a vocal injury to lead singer Steven Tyler. The initial tour lasted only last three shows, including Sept. 6, 2023, in Pittsburgh.
For the Pittsburgh show, Aerosmith will be joined for one night by Teddy Swims, while The Black Crowes will open the rest of the tour.
• Aerosmith triumphantly bids farewell to Pittsburgh on Peace Out tour
• 2024 Pittsburgh area concert calendar
Last year’s show featured most of their hits, including “Back in the Saddle,” “Walk This Way” and “Dream On,” with Tyler atop a piano at the front of the stage.
Aerosmith - Dream On in Pittsburgh pic.twitter.com/3Q7o2OgS92
— Mike Palm (@MikePalmMedia) September 7, 2023
Tickets go on sale at 10 a.m. Friday at ticketmaster.com.
Mike Palm is a TribLive digital producer who also writes music reviews and features. A Westmoreland County native, he joined the Trib in 2001, where he spent years on the sports copy desk, including serving as night sports editor. He has been with the multimedia staff since 2013. He can be reached at mpalm@triblive.com.


Remove the ads
 from your TribLIVE reading experience
but still support the journalists
who create the content with TribLIVE Ad-Free.

Get Ad-Free >

Stay up-to-date on important news from TribLIVE
TribLIVE's Daily and Weekly email newsletters deliver the news you want and information you need, right to your inbox.
1-800-909-8742
Fax (724) 779-8743
210 Wood StreetTarentum, PA 15084
© 2025 Trib Total Media | All Rights Reserved
About Us
Advertise
Career Opportunities
Contact Advertising
Contact Newsroom
Contact Us
Feedback
Request Correction
Resource Center
Scholarship Opportunities
Send Letter to the Editor
Send News Tip
Subscribe
Subscriber Services
Blog
Email Newsletters
eTrib
Facebook
Home Delivery
Instagram
LinkedIn
Marketing Minute
Store Locations
TribLIVE App - App Store
TribLIVE App - Google Play
X (formerly Twitter)
Arts & Entertainment
Best of the Best
Business Directory
Contests
Lifestyles
Local
News
YaJagOff
Obituaries
Opinion
Our Publications
Real Estate
Sports
Video
Weather
Cookie Settings
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service