By
Peter Burditt
Dick Clark’s New Year’s Rockin’ Eve televised special is the premiere television viewing experience for New Year’s Eve. Matter of fact, it just further bolstered its untouchable status by booking Carrie Underwood as this year’s headlining act. 
Underwood announced the news on Thursday, December 5. The booking partially seems like a celebration for her recent induction into American Idol as a judge. Furthermore, the NYE performance marks the 20th anniversary of Underwood’s American Idol win back in 2005. 
Carrie Underwood’s performance will surely display her vast catalog of hit songs from her two-decade career. That being so, expect Underwood to sing songs such as “Before He Cheats” and “Jesus, Take The Wheel.” This marks Underwood’s third appearance on the NYE televised special. “I have such fun memories of performing on New Year’s Rockin’ Eve in Times Square in both 2007 and 2015″ and “I’m so excited to perform just before the ball drops again this year,” shared Underwood.  
Underwood added, “I’m thrilled to celebrate 20 years since winning American Idol by joining Ryan as he hosts his 20th New Year’s Eve in Times Square.” The Ryan Underwood is referencing is none other than her impending co-star, Ryan Seacrest. It seems the night will partially be one big American Idol reunion. 
Carrie Underwood is not the sole country performer set to take the NYC stage on New Year’s Eve. In addition to Underwood, other country acts include Megan Moroney, Cody Johnson, and Thomas Rhett.   Of course, country music will not be the only genre featured on Dick Clark’s New Year’s Rockin’ Eve. Besides the country line-up, some other previously announced acts include Lenny Kravitz, Teddy Swims, Sophie Ellis-Bextor, and Tinashe. 
Given this star-studded line-up, some people just might want to skip Christmas and fast forward straight to New Year’s Eve. Although, the anticipation will surely pay off as Dick Clark’s New Year’s Rockin’ Eve will seemingly not have a dull moment. Dick Clark’s New Year’s Rockin’ Eve will air Tuesday, Dec. 31, live on ABC beginning at 8:00 p.m. EST and stream next day on Hulu.
Photo by Kevin Mazur/Getty Images for AEG Presents
Only members can comment. Become a member. Already a member? Log in.
Before the Fame, Eddie Van Halen Experienced and Overcame a “Horrifying Racist Environment”
3 One-Hit Wonder Novelty Songs From the 50s and 60s That You Know by Heart
3 Bizarre Album Covers From the 90s That Had To Be Changed To Sell in Stores

			© 2025 American Songwriter			American Songwriter: a Savage Ventures Brand