The annual Capital Jingle Bell Ball with Barclaycard takes place in London on Saturday 7 and Sunday 8 December and tickets go on sale very soon.
Capital announced the Saturday line up earlier this week with huge names including Coldplay, Little Mix singer Perrie, Ella Henderson plus more wonderful acts.
The line up for Sunday has been revealed today by Capital and it includes iconic pop-superstar Katy Perry, chart-topping Becky Hill and DJ Kygo.
Read more: Oasis announce new dates on world tour 2025 - with THREE messages to fans
Coldplay have been announced as Saturday’s headliner. The group’s Music of the Spheres World Tour kicked off in 2022 and has been extended into 2024 and 2025.
The band’s 2025 leg of the tour will kick off in May in America, before heading to the UK for ten consecutive dates at London’s Wembley Arena.
American singer-songwriter Katy Perry recently performed an incredible mash-up of her hit songs at MTV's VMAs, but the Jingle Bell Ball will be her first UK gig in six years.
Capital’s event of the year is held at London’s 02 Arena which has a whopping capacity of 20,000.
Every year the Jingle Bell Ball wows fans with an impressive line-up of popular performers. Last year’s line-up included Alicia Keys, Tate McRae, Raye, Take That and Rita Ora plus more incredible acts.
The popular event takes place around Christmas each year and has been running since 2008, only missing one year in 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Tickets for Capital Jingle Bell Ball 2024 go on sale at 9am on Friday, November 8.
You can get your tickets for the Jingle Bell Ball on the Global Player website from 9am tomorrow (8 November).
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.