Alabama natives Riley Green, left, and Ella Langley perform "You Look Like You Love Me" during the 58th Annual CMA Awards on Wednesday, Nov. 20, 2024, at Bridgestone Arena in Nashville, Tenn. The two are set to perform in Birmingham in 2025 at the new Coca-Cola Amphitheater.(AP Photo/George Walker IV)
On the heels of his first big win at the CMA Awards, Alabama’s Riley Green has added a new date to his “Damn Country Music Tour” — and yes, it’s right here in his home state.
Green, a Jacksonville native, is set to perform on Aug. 9, 2025, at the new Coca-Cola Amphitheater in Birmingham. Alabama native Ella Langley, his duet partner for the CMA-winning “You Look Like You Love Me,” is on the tour, as well, along with Lauren Watkins and Preston Cooper.
Tickets for the 7 p.m. show go on sale Friday, Dec. 6, at 10 a.m. CT, via Live Nation/Ticketmaster. Prices are $39.75, $49.75, $59.75, $69.75 and $89.75, plus service charges, according to promoter Live Nation. Pre-sales start on Tuesday, Dec. 3, at 10 a.m. CT, according to the ticket listing, and end on Thursday, Dec. 5, at 10 p.m. CT.
Green and Langley nabbed the 2024 CMA Award for Musical Event of the Year with “You Look Like You Love Me.” The two also performed the song at the televised ceremony on Nov. 20 in Nashville, causing quite a stir.
Rolling Stone, for example, praised the charismatic duet in a recap of the ceremony, calling it as one of the top moments of the broadcast. “They were on fire, making the greatest case yet that the CMAs need to devote more time to fresh faces, especially when they have a song as good as this one,” writer Joseph Hudak said. “Performance of the night? Darn close.”
(Watch Green and Langley’s CMA performance in the video below.)
Langley, a native of Hope Hull, wrote “You Look Like You Love Me” with Green and Aaron Ratiere, and included it on her 2024 debut album, “Hungover.” She’s listed as the primary artist for the song, with Green as the featured performer.
With Green on board, “You Look Like You Love Me” has become Langley’s breakthrough hit — and the latest success for Green, who previously hit the country charts with “There Was This Girl,” “I Wish Grandpas Never Died,” “Half of Me” (with Thomas Rhett) and “Different ‘Round Here” (with Luke Combs).
Green’s third studio album, “Don’t Mind If I Do,” was released Oct. 18, with Langley featured on the title track. She also appeared in a video that announced his “Damn Country Music Tour,” playing the Sally Field role in a “Smokey and the Bandit” tribute. (Watch the video below.)
READ: Country star goes full ‘Smokey and the Bandit’ for new tour: ‘Let’s play some damn country music’
Birmingham is the only Alabama stop on Green’s “Damn Country Music Tour,” added to 20-plus dates announced in September. The tour starts on March 27, 2025, in Abbotsford, British Columbia, and ends on Aug. 23, 2025, in Nampa, Idaho. (See the full list of tour dates here.)
Green, a rising sensation in country music, has a history of performing in his home state, with the most recent shows in spring 2024 at the Von Braun Center Arena in Huntsville and the Mercedes-Benz Amphitheater in Tuscaloosa. Green also performed at the inaugural “Duckman Jam” in April, headlining a two-day country music festival at the legendary Flora-Bama Lounge on the Alabama-Florida state line.
Green, born and raised in Jacksonville, attended Jacksonville State University and played quarterback for the Gamecocks from 2008 to 2010. He left college when his music aspirations took hold, and initially earned a measure of fame for EPs such as “Bury Me in Dixie,” “County Line” and “Outlaws Like Us.”
Green also grabbed the public’s attention with two stints on reality TV, appearing on the CMT series “Redneck Island.” He won the competition in 2016 with his partner, Becky Andrews, and received a $100,000 prize.
Green has been building momentum in the country world over the past few years, winning the 2020 ACM Award for New Male Artist of the Year. He also was nominated for a CMT Award in 2020. Green is an avid outdoorsman, as well as a singer-songwriter, and often posts hunting photos on Instagram. A bar bearing his name, Riley Green’s Duck Blind, opened in Nashville in early September.
A post shared by Riley Green (@rileyduckman)
Green’s concert at the Coca-Cola Amphitheater is the fifth show announced for the outdoor concert venue in Birmingham, which is set to open in June 2025. Live Nation made its first concert announcement for the amphitheater in October, confirming a show by Teddy Swims on Aug. 15, 2025.
Country star Thomas Rhett also has a concert on tap for the amphitheater, set for June 27, 2025. Rod Stewart is set to appear there on Aug. 2, 2025, with opening act Cheap Trick. Viral comedian Matt Rife has a date at the amphitheater on June 22, 2025.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices