By 

	Michaela Zee


Taylor Swift and Post Malone won best collaboration for their song “Fortnight” at the MTV Video Music Awards on Wednesday night. After receiving the award on stage, Swift started off her acceptance speech by remembering the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks.

	“Guys, I wanted to say, waking up this morning in New York on Sept. 11, I’ve just been thinking about what happened 23 years ago,” Swift said on stage. “Everyone who lost a loved one and everyone that we lost, and that is the most important thing about today — and everything that happens tonight falls behind that. But it is so amazing to have the opportunity to thank and honor the people who worked so hard with me on this video.”

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					How Indie Film and Los Angeles Can Help Each Other		
			














	
		
					Box Office: 'Sinners' Stays Strong With $13 Million Second Friday, 'The Accountant 2' Appraises $9.4 Million Opening Day		
			








	Swift then spoke directly to her collaborator Malone. “There is a very clear reason why Post Malone is everyone in music’s favorite person to collaborate with — and it is because you are so ridiculously talented, you are so versatile and you’re the most down-to-earth person,” Swift said to him. “Honestly so unfailingly polite. It has taken me forever to get him to stop calling me ‘ma’am.'”




			Popular on Variety		






	In addition to winning best collaboration, Swift and Malone also nabbed an award for song of the summer for “Fortnight.”

	Swift leads the VMAs nominations with 12 nods, including artist of the year. Malone trails behind her with 11 nominations, while Ariana Grande, Sabrina Carpenter and Megan Thee Stallion each have seven nods. SZA, meanwhile, has six, and LISA, Teddy Swims and Olivia Rodrigo have four apiece. In addition to performances and awards, Katy Perry is being honored with the MTV Video Vanguard Award, performing a medley of her hits.
The Business of Entertainment