The show is set to air Thursday, Dec. 12, at 8 p.m. ET/PT on FOX.

													By
												

	Paul Grein


	Country crossover sensation Shaboozey and regional Mexican band Fuerza Regida are set to perform on the 2024 Billboard Music Awards, which is set to air Thursday, Dec. 12, at 8 p.m. ET/PT on FOX.

	They will join SEVENTEEN, Teddy Swims, Tyla, Coldplay, Jelly Roll, Megan Moroney and Stray Kids, who were previously announced as performers on the show.

	Shaboozey is a finalist for six BBMA awards: top new artist, top song sales artist and four awards for his megahit “A Bar Song (Tipsy).” That smash, which topped the Billboard Hot 100 for a record-tying 19 weeks, is a finalist for top Hot 100 song, top streaming song, top selling song and top country song.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	Shaboozey will deliver a special performance from W Hollywood, part of the Marriott Bonvoy portfolio. The crossover star’s third studio album, Where I’ve Been Isn’t Where I’m Going, debuted and peaked at No. 5 on the Billboard 200 in June.

	Fuerza Regida’s seventh studio album Pa Las Baby’s y Belikeada entered the Billboard 200 at No. 14 in November 2023 and has been a fixture on the chart for 58 weeks. Its follow-up, Pero No Te Enamores, debuted and peaked at No. 25 in August. The group has amassed 11 Hot 100 hits, including three that have made the top 30 – “Bebe Dame,” a collab with Grupo Frontera, “Sabor Fresa” and “Tu Boda,” a collab with Óscar Maydon.

	Hosted by actress and comedian Michelle Buteau, the 2024 BBMAs presented by Marriott Bonvoy is set to air on Thursday, Dec. 12, at 8 p.m. ET/PT on FOX and Fire TV Channels, and on-demand on Paramount+, with performances also rolling out across Billboard.com and via @BBMAs and @Billboard social channels.

	As previously announced, Zach Bryan, Taylor Swift, Morgan Wallen and Sabrina Carpenter are the leading finalists for the 2024 Billboard Music Awards.

	This marks the show’s return to FOX, which carried the show from its 1990 inaugural broadcast through 2006. In addition, Paramount+ will provide on-demand streaming of the show, while the free Fire TV Channels app will provide one-click access to fans using Amazon devices (Fire TV smart TVs and streaming media players and Fire Tablets).

	The BBMAs will celebrate music’s greatest achievements with exclusive original performances, artist interviews, and award celebrations taking place from global locations and in the midst of sold-out tours. Additional performers and special guests will be announced soon.

	










	The BBMAs honors the year’s biggest artists, albums, songs, producers and songwriters across multiple genres, as determined by year-end performance metrics on the Billboard charts. The eligibility dates for this year’s awards are aligned with Billboard’s Year-End Charts tracking period, which measures music consumption from the charts dated Oct. 28, 2023 through Oct. 19, 2024.

	The Billboard Music Awards are produced by Dick Clark Productions, which is owned by Penske Media Corporation. PMC is also the parent company of Billboard.

	The show is presented by Marriott Bonvoy, Marriott International’s travel program and portfolio of more than 30 hotel brands. For more information, visit MarriottBonvoy.com
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.