Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Other highlights included speeches by Chappell Roan and Tyla, Katy Perry's Vanguard performance, and Megan Thee Stallion working overtime as host, performer and award winner.

							By 

	Mesfin Fekadu


	Over the years, awards shows have lost viewers’ interest — but, surprisingly, the 2024 MTV Video Music Awards were actually worth watching.

	Here are the top moments from Wednesday night’s event, which aired live from UBS Arena in Belmont Park, New York



Benson Boone’s signature performance flips were so impressive we need to send him to the 2028 Olympics. If he doesn’t join the gymnastics team, he can at least sing at the global event.





	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	TV
			



	
		
					'SNL': Sabrina Carpenter Joins Quinta Brunson to Honor "Shorties"		
			














	
	General News
			



	
		
					Yesterday, All His Photos Seemed So Far Away		
			








	The rising star had the performance of the night — he kicked off “Beautiful Things” on piano and worked the stage like a seasoned pro in a glittery navy number. His screeching vocals were top-notch and he had audience members, including Sabrina Carpenter, singing along to the pop-rock TikTok hit,  He also won best alternative.

	










	The honorable mention performance goes to fellow newcomer Teddy Swims. Though he didn’t get a regular performance slot, he showed up three times in short performances that impressed each time. 

	Carpenter had the whole audience at the VMAs singing along to her bops, proving why she’s this year’s princess of pop. Her performance was whimsical, sexy and fun — and aliens and astronauts were involved.

	She began in the air on a swing while singing a soft version of “Please Please Please.” That was followed by dancers dressed as an alien and astronaut performing alongside her during “Taste.” She ended with her breakthrough hit “Espresso” and we’re still thirsty for more.

	We’ve lost count of how many VMAs Swift has won throughout her career — and the pop star cleaned house Wednesday, winning seven Moonperson honors, including video of the year for “Fortnight.”

	Swift, who directed the clip, said though the video may seem sad she greatly enjoyed filming it. After finishing a take, she said she “would always hear someone cheering…from across the studio where we were shooting it, and that one person was my boyfriend, Travis.”

	“Everything this man touches turns to happiness and fun and magic, so I wanna thank him for adding that to our shoot because I’ll always remember that,” she continued.

	










	A day after endorsing Kamala Harris, Swift also thanked her fans for voting for “Fortnight” for the night’s top prize, and then added: “And if you are over 18 please register to vote for something else that’s very important.”

	Swift also used her first speech of the night — when she won best collaboration with Post Malone — to honor the victims of 9/11. “Waking up this morning in New York on September 11th, I’ve just been thinking about what happened 23 years ago — everyone who lost a loved one and everyone that we lost. And that is the most important thing about today. And everything that happens tonight falls behind that,” she said.

	Chappell Roan was loud and proud at the VMAs, using her best new artist speech to inspire the LGBTQ community.

	“I dedicate this to all the drag artists who inspire me. And I dedicate this to queer and trans people that fuel pop all around, to the gays who dedicate my songs to someone they love or hate,” said Roan, who performed her hit “Good Luck, Babe!” earlier in the show.

	“Thank you to the people who are fans, who listen to me, who hear me when I share my joy and my fears. Thank you for listening. For all the queer kids in the Midwest watching right now, I see you, I understand you, because I’m one of you. And don’t ever let anyone tell you that you can’t be exactly who you want to be.”

Tyla, who won best Afrobeats for “Water,” also shared wise words onstage — letting the public know that while Afrobeats is exploding, African artists shouldn’t be boxed into one genre.

	










	“This is so special but also bittersweet because I know there’s a tendency to group all African artists under Afrobeats,” she said. 

	“Even though Afrobeats has run things and has opened so many doors for us, African music is so diverse. It’s more than just Afrobeats,” she said before shouting out African stars like Tems, Ayra Starr, Burna Boy, Rema, Wizkid and Lojay.

	Katy Perry gave a Super Bowl halftime show-like performance as she accepted the Michael Jackson Video Vanguard Award.

	The singer, who released her debut album in 2008, floated in the air — even walking over her dancers in a moment that was jaw-dropping. It looked like magic.

	She performed a slew of her hits, including “California Gurls,” “Dark Horse,” “E.T.,” “Teenage Dream,” “I Kissed a Girl” and “Firework,” as well as material from her upcoming album, 143.

	Her beau Orlando Bloom was on hand to present her with the honor, and they kissed onstage after her performance. “I did that all on my first day of my period, too. Can you believe it?” Perry said after performing her 10-song medley. “Thank you so much to MTV for believing in my weirdness from day one and for helping artists extend their worlds beyond a song.”

	“There are so many things that have to align to have a long and successful career as an artist. There are no decade-long accidents,” Perry added, pausing afterward to let the crowd, and viewers at home, take in her words.

	










	MTV might want to keep Megan Thee Stallion on speed dial for the 2025 VMAs.

	The rapper not only hosted the show, she gave a stirring performance and also won best art direction for “BOA.”

	She kicked off the show in a VMA-themed bodysuit as the audience chanted her name. “I am repping Team VMA” — calling it the Voluptuous Megan Award. 

	“I deserve a gold medal for being a bad bitch,” she said to laughs.

	She went on to dress as Britney Spears during the 2001 VMAs when she performed with an albino Burmese python wrapped behind her. “Come get this snake,” she said. “I tried to hold it down for Britney.”

	And during her own performance, she worked the UBS Arena with ease, moving around the venue as she rapped hits like “Hiss” and “Mamushi,” even bringing out Japanese rapper Yuki Chiba.

	She’s indeed a star, star, star, star.
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.