Following backlash post his first performance with professional partner Nancy Xu last week, Strictly Come Dancing judge Anton du Beke has addressed the reaction during his constructive criticism during the star's second performance on Saturday night.
Shayne and Nancy took to the dance floor to perform a tango to The Door by Teddy Swims and received some interesting comments from Anton.
After the performance, Anton passionately expressed: "I want you to listen to this, I want you to concentrate. I want you to evolve yourself into the dance, it's about the dance.
"I at the moment, don't want to know about you, at the moment. I will do later, right now I want you to be in the dance and when you do that, you get this because it's intense, it's together, you're in beautiful harmony.
"The music is part of the whole production as well and it's a complete bit. I want you to focus on that because moving forward, you can be a real powerhouse in this competition."
Anton's co-judge Craig Revel Horwood clearly agreed as he said: "I completely agree with Anton, you are the one to watch."
The former X Factor winner received a healthy score of 31 from the judges, a massive improvement from the previous week.
After his first performance, viewers flocked to social media to label Shayne as "overconfident" and "cocky", thus sparking a backlash.
Someone commented at the time: "The overconfidence is actually something I'm not enjoying about Shayne right now."
Another X user penned: "Shayne's not learned that no-one takes to the hyper-confident competitive ones, has he?"
While a third added: "Find someone that loves you as much as Shayne Ward loves himself."
Shayne appeared to address the backlash with an Instagram post that read: "Strictly is amazing and I love being part of it. But through my smile on TV I'm as nervous as the next person.
"Not cocky or overconfident... I'm nervous! I just gotta work hard and listen to my wonderful teacher [Nancy]. All I can do is my best!"
WHATSAPP GROUP: Be first to get the biggest ballroom bombshells and dramas on the dancefloor by joining our Strictly WhatsApp group here.
NEWSLETTER: Or sign up here to the Mirror’s Strictly newsletter for all the best exclusives, breaking updates, and fan theories straight to your inbox.
His partner Nancy also appeared to defend him as she wrote on her Instagram story this week: "Samba definitely is one of the hardest dances to begin with. You can tell by my face how much I was surprised and happy and proud of [Shayne].
"NOBODY is confident stepping on the Strictly dancefloor, especially [being watched and judged] by millions and four legends."
Strictly Come Dancing continues tonight at 7:15pm on BBC One and BBC iPlayer.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.