Although the three-hour telecast was a treat for pop music enthusiasts, several moments slipped past the cameras. Here's what you missed.

													By
												

	Kyle Denis


	On Wednesday (Sept. 11), the MTV Video Music Awards celebrated its 40th anniversary with a star-studded telecast led by first-time host Megan Thee Stallion. 

	In addition to Thee Hot Girl Coach’s fiery Megan medley — which featured her Billboard Hot 100 hits “Hiss” (No. 1), “Boa” (No. 39) and “Mamushi” (with Yuki Chiba, No. 36) — the three-hour telecast also featured electrifying performances from Eminem, Jelly Roll, Shawn Mendes, Karol G, LISA, Sabrina Carpenter, Chappell Roan, Katy Perry, Doechii, Anitta, Fat Joe, DJ Khaled, Rauw Alejandro, Benson Boone, LL Cool J, Public Enemy, Halsey, Lenny Kravitz, Quavo, Camila Cabello, GloRilla, Teddy Swims and Jessie Murph.

Taylor Swift, who was joined by “boyfriend” Travis Kelce, was the night’s biggest winner. By clinching seven Moonpeople from her 12 overall nominations, Swift tied Beyoncé as the biggest VMAs winner of all time. Carpenter took home her first Moonperson (song of the year for “Espresso”), as did fellow 2024 breakout star Roan (best new artist). Perry reigned as the night’s biggest honoree as she became the latest artist to receive the coveted Michael Jackson Video Vanguard Award. Introduced by her fiancé Orlando Bloom, Perry delivered a bombastic career-spanning medley that notably featured two selections from her forthcoming 143 album: “Lifetimes” and the Doechii-assisted “I’m His, He’s Mine.”

	Of course, no single television program can capture everything that happens on a night when so many stars come out to play — but Billboard has you covered. From the ground floor of Long Island’s UBS Arena to a VIP suite hosted by Bacardí Rum, the official spirits partner of the 2024 MTV VMAs which also boasts a global partnership with Cabello, Billboard was a true fly on the wall.

	Here are five things you missed on the 2024 MTV Video Music Awards telecast.

	If any two artists in UBS Arena knew a thing or two about country-pop crossover success, their names were Taylor Swift and Shaboozey. 

	Both were nominated for multiple awards at this year’s ceremony, and they even competed in one category. Ultimately, Swift’s Post Malone-assisted “Fortnight” beat out Shaboozey’s Billboard Hot 100-topping “A Bar Song (Tipsy)” for the song of the summer Moonperson.

	As the two stars caught up during a commercial break, Swift whispered something into Boozey’s ear while cameramen hurried to capture the moment. We don’t know what exactly the two were talking about yet, but here’s to hoping some sort of collaboration is in the works!

	Sure, Katy Perry found some time to promote her new record, but her Video Vanguard medley wasn’t short on hits at all. From “Teenage Dream” and “California Gurls” to “E.T.” and “Dark Horse,” the night’s biggest honoree zoomed through several of her Hot 100 chart-toppers, but there was one particular song that elicited a remarkable response from the audience.

	When Katy got to the “boom boom boom” lyric in the “Firework” outro, nearly every person in the audience raised their hand and pounded their first to the rhythm of each repetition, a move that almost felt innate. It was as if it was simply an involuntary reaction to hearing the lyrics because the song has been cemented as a classic for multiple generations. Regardless of how audience members felt about the medley, or even Katy herself, nothing could supersede the boundless euphoria in the room when “Firework” got its time to shine.

	Benson Boone delivered one of the night’s most dazzling performances with his backflip-laden rendition of “Beautiful Things,” (No. 2) which became his first song to reach the Hot 100’s top five earlier this year. Before Boone was leaping onto pianos and flaunting his bejeweled royal blue onesie, two fellow male pop stars gave him ardent displays of support the minute Damiano of Måneskin announced him as the next performer.

Lil Nas X and Teddy Swims, who ultimately lost best alternative to Boone, jumped to their feet in anticipatory ovation — which eventually paved the way for the entire audience to follow suit by the time Boone uttered the song’s closing lyrics.

	This year’s culture-shifting war between Kendrick Lamar and Drake, and its ancillary feuds, undoubtedly dominated this year in music, so hearing one of the tracks from those battles was expected. What was a bit less predictable, however, was the choice of song that got some love from the house DJ: Metro Boomin‘s hilarious “BBL Drizzy” beat.

	Although both Lamar and Drake — song of the year and song of the summer (“Not Like Us”) for the former and best collaboration and best hip-hop (“Rich Baby Daddy”) for the latter — both nominees at this year’s ceremony, neither artist got their music played in the arena during the commercial breaks. Instead, the DJ dropped “BBL Drizzy,” which (much more) predictable drew laughs, head bobs, and sing-a-longs throughout the crowd — yet another reminder of the communal joy of a good old-fashioned clowning session.

	Of course, in light of Lamar being announced as the 2025 Super Bowl halftime show headliner and him dropping a new track via Instagram just hours before the VMAs commenced, “BBL Drizzy” is an even funnier song selection.

	After watching Flavor Flav proudly keep his word and honor U.S Olympian and gold medalist Jordan Chiles with a bronze clock chain, it was especially hilarious to see him leap to his feet and dap up Sabrina Carpenter, who had just slipped back into her Madonna-nodding gown and returned to the audience during a commercial break.

	Of course, Carpenter brought the house down — and drew some of the night’s most fervent crowd responses — with a medley of the three Hot 100 top five hits from her Billboard 200-topping Short ‘n’ Sweet. Starting off with the No. 1 hit “Please Please Please,” Carpenter then segued into “Taste” (No. 2) before finishing things off with a triumphant rendition of “Espresso” (No. 3).
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.