Country star Thomas Rhett is set to perform on June 27, 2025, at the Coca-Cola Amphitheater in Birmingham, Alabama.(Photo by CJ Rivera/Invision/AP)
Thomas Rhett’s “Better in Boots Tour” will stop at the Coca-Cola Amphitheater in Alabama on June 27, 2025, promoter Live Nation announced on Wednesday.
The country star’s concert, set for 7:30 p.m., is the second show announced for Birmingham’s new $46 million downtown amphitheater. It could also be the very first show performed at the outdoor venue, depending on when construction is completed.
Tickets for Rhett’s show at the amphitheater go on sale Friday, Nov. 15, at 10 a.m. CT via Live Nation/Ticketmaster, after a round of pre-sales. Prices are $29.75, $39.75, $59.75, $79.75, $99.75, $129.75 and $149.75, plus service charges, Live Nation said. Opening acts are Tucker Wetmore and The Castellows.
The Coca-Cola Amphitheater, a 9,380-seat venue, is owned by the Birmingham Jefferson Convention Complex and managed by Live Nation. The venue has been under construction since June, and is expected to present its first show in mid- to late June 2025, organizers confirmed Tuesday at a press conference on site. See a seat map for the amphitheater here.
Live Nation made its first concert announcement for the Coca-Cola Amphitheater on Oct. 1, confirming a show by Teddy Swims on Aug. 15, 2025. At Tuesday’s press conference, Jay Wilson of Live Nation said more concerts for the venue at 2350 15th Ave. North will be announced in the weeks to come.
“I think you’re going to be very pleased with what our booking team is going to do,” Wilson told AL.com. “We’re beyond thrilled. We wake up every morning excited to talk to agents and our associates at Live Nation about what we can bring here. And that always makes it fun, when you can get up in the morning and realize that, wow, I get to book bands at this beautiful place. So we’re thrilled.”
The new amphitheater — formerly known as the Carraway Amphitheater and the Star Amphitheater — promises to significantly boost the profile of Birmingham’s Uptown entertainment area. The venue is expected to host around 20 shows during the summer season and inspire concertgoers to visit restaurants, hotels and other businesses in the area. Also, the amphitheater will accommodate a variety of festivals, community gatherings, special events and more.
READ: Coca-Cola gets naming rights for new Birmingham amphitheater in 10-year deal
Rhett, 34, is no stranger to the Birmingham area, playing shows at nearby Oak Mountain Amphitheatre in 2019 and 2021, and performing at the Legacy Arena at the BJCC on Sept. 28, 2023. The country singer-songwriter is touring on his new album, “About a Woman,” released in August, and its lead single, “Beautiful As You.”
Rhett, the son of veteran country star Rhett Akins, has seven studio albums to his credit, 2013-present. He’s known for hit singles such as “It Goes Like This,” “Make Me Wanna,” “Crash and Burn,” “Get Me Some of That,” “Die a Happy Man,” “Mamaw’s House,” “Half of Me” and “What’s Your Country Song.” Rhett’s trademark is “a laid-back perspective with a vocal drenched in casual country soul,” according to a publicist for his tour.
Rhett has another show in Alabama scheduled on June 28, 2025, at The Wharf Amphitheater in Orange Beach. Tickets for that concert already are on sale via Live Nation/Ticketmaster, priced at $20.75-$140.75, according to the ticket site. VIP packages for the 7:30 p.m. show are $235-$316, the listing says.
Rhett’s “Better in Boots Tour” will stop in more than 30 cities across the United States and Canada in 2025, starting on June 5 in Rogers, Arkansas, and ending on Sept. 26 in Ridgefield, Washington. See all of his tour dates here.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices