On the new Pop Shop Podcast, Katie & Keith are talking about the two biggest song releases of 2024 so far: "Yes, And?" and "J CHRIST."

	The year in pop has officially kicked into high gear.

	On Friday, pop fans got a pair of new songs and videos from two Billboard Hot 100 chart-toppers: Ariana Grande and Lil Nas X. Grande released the ’90s-pop-inspired “Yes, And?” alongside a music video that paid tribute to Paula Abdul’s “Cold Hearted,” while Nas dropped the melodic rap song “J CHRIST” alongside an expectedly controversial video loaded with Christian imagery and celebrity look-alikes.

	On the new Billboard Pop Shop Podcast, Katie & Keith are chatting about the pair of high-profile bops and whether either has a chance to debut atop next week’s Hot 100.

	Also on the show, we’ve got chart news on how Teddy Swims gets his first top 10 on the Hot 100 as “Lose Control” jumps 12-8 while Jack Harlow’s “Lovin’ on Me” nets a third week atop the chart. Plus: Morgan Wallen’s One Thing at a Time returns to No. 1 on the Billboard 200 albums chart for a 17th nonconsecutive week, and its first week at No. 1 in three months.

The Billboard Pop Shop Podcast is your one-stop shop for all things pop on Billboard‘s weekly charts. You can always count on a lively discussion about the latest pop news, fun chart stats and stories, new music, and guest interviews with music stars and folks from the world of pop. Casual pop fans and chart junkies can hear Billboard‘s executive digital director, West Coast, Katie Atkinson and Billboard’s managing director, charts and data operations, Keith Caulfield every week on the podcast, which can be streamed on Billboard.com or downloaded in Apple Podcasts or your favorite podcast provider. (Click here to listen to the previous edition of the show on Billboard.com.)
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.