Michael Becker/FOX
Goo definitely has one of the most unique costumes in Masked Singer history, but we’re kind of loving it! The masked performer blew the judges away during his first performance on the show but left everyone wondering about his identity.

Goo said that growing up, he “wanted to tackle everything in my way.” A bait and tackle box was shown in his clue package. He said that on the inside, he was really sensitive and oozing with emotions.
“Once my older brother started playing guitar I found my escape,” he said in his first clue package.
There was a toy freight train carrying disco balls shown in the clue package. Goo said that after tough days at school, he would sit in his room crying and singing through the pains of high school drama. He became a total music nerd. There was a trombone shown also.
He said that he Started a cappella groups and music lab and even ended up winning awards. For his first performance on The Masked Singer, Goo performed “Lose Control” by Teddy Swims. Rita Ora called it one of the “best performances in the history of the show.”
There was an additional clue in honor of sports night. It was a pair of gold cleats with goo all over them. “You may want to focus on the sole,” he said, hinting that it had a dual meaning.
Goo’s Masked Singer ambassador is Keenan Allen, who performed as Gargoyle in season 9 of The Masked Singer.
Ken Jeong guessed that it could be Jon Batiste under the mask, while Robin Thicke guessed that it could be Shaboozey. Rita thinks it could be Khalid. We think they are all pretty far off with their guesses.
We are in agreement with folks online who think it could be Broadway icon James Monroe Iglehart. The voice alone is proof that it is someone who has stage experience. The second most popular guess is Kobie Turner. It would make sense with all of the subtle football clues. It’s a very high chance that this is an athlete who is a really good singer. We’ve seen folks like that on the show before.
Another person on X guessed, “#GooMask is Shaquille O’ Neal #TheMaskedSinger.”
Conversation
All comments are subject to our Community Guidelines. Life & Style does not endorse
						the opinions and views shared by our readers in our comment sections. Our comments section is a place
						where readers can engage in healthy, productive, lively, and respectful discussions. Offensive language,
						hate speech, personal attacks, and/or defamatory statements are not permitted. Advertising or spam is
						also prohibited.
					
Life & Style has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
Life & Style is part of the a360media Entertainment Group.Copyright © a360media 2025. All Rights Reserved
By clicking Sign In, you agree to our Terms and Conditions and that you have read our Privacy Policy.
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include:
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include: