By 

	Michael Schneider

Variety Editor at Large

SPOILER ALERT: Details follow for Season 12, Episode 5 of “The Masked Singer,” “Barbie Night,” which aired October 23 on Fox.

	Check mate. “Orange Is the New Black” star Laverne Cox was the next celebrity to be eliminated on “The Masked Singer,” revealed on Wednesday’s episode to be the celebrity under the Chess Piece costume.

	None of the panelists got it right. Jenny McCarthy-Wahlberg said it was Serena Williams. Ken Jeong though it was Issa Rae. Robin Thicke named Misty Copeland. Rita Ora said it was Tyra Banks.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					2025 NBA Playoffs Hold Promise of a Ratings Rebound 		
			














	
		
					Box Office: 'Sinners' Stays Strong With $13 Million Second Friday, 'The Accountant 2' Appraises $9.4 Million Opening Day		
			








	“As a kid, I was a rich target for others to tease. It seemed like every piece of me was something others could poke at,” Cox-as-Chess-Piece said in her “Masked Singer” voiceover. “And on top of that, I loved Barbie. But the part that hurt was that I wasn’t allowed to play with her. The criticism and scrutiny continued over the years and made me question everything I love about myself. So, I had to take control of my own board. And the one thing that helped me heal was the one thing I was missing all along: Barbie. I started buying them for myself and realized it’s never too late to have a happy childhood. Even decades later. And now, they even modeled one after me. Barbie can be anything. She made me and every woman feel like we can be anything too. So tonight, I’m here to celebrate all of us. Every woman out there.”




			Popular on Variety		






	Cox sang Chaka Khan’s “I’m Every Woman” for her performance on this week’s episode. “Barbie Night” opened with panelists McCarthy-Wahlberg, Thicke and Ora coming out on stage and being told they’re the best. Off to the side, a forlorn Jeong sang his version of “I’m Just Ken,” from the “Barbie” movie.

	Laverne Cox as Chess Piece joins Andy Richter as Dusty Bunny, Paula Cole as Ship, Marsai Martin as Woodpecker, Yvette Nicole Brown as Showbird and John Elway as Leaf Sheep as the celebrities unmasked on “The Masked Singer” Season 12.

	Last week, Cox sang “Believe” by Cher, and offered this voiceover: “Look, I love a fashion moment. I just never thought I’d be here. There were times I felt like a pawn with no protection. People doubted me my whole life. But I had to believe in myself. And make bold moves across the board, to secure my crown and that leading role that changed my game.”

	










	Back for Season 12 are host Nick Cannon, alongside panelists Jenny McCarthy Wahlberg, Ken Jeong and Robin Thicke, while Ora also returned to the desk for the second consecutive season to fill in for Nicole Scherzinger.

	“The Masked Singer” Season 12 themed episodes include tributes to Mattel’s Barbie as it hits its 65th anniversary, and the film “Footloose” as it marks its 40th anniversary. Miley Cyrus will also be honored with an episode devoted to her music catalog, while also new is a “Who Are You Fest,” featuring music from “memorable festival lineups,” as well as a “Sports Night” and a “60’s Night.” Tentpole themes that are back include “Soundtrack of My Life” and “Thanksgiving Night.”

	New this season, clues will be “strategically embedded in costumes, in song choices and on-stage moments.” And the fifteen celebrity contestants will be endorsed by a “celebrity Masked Ambassador,” made up of previous participants including Dick Van Dyke (Season 9’s Gnome), Jewel (Season 6 winner as the Queen of Hearts), Ne-yo (Season 10 winner as the Cow) and DeMarcus Ware (Season 11’s Koala). And the “Ding Dong Keep It On” bell is also back this morning, but only one singer across the three group finals can be saved.

	Season 12 features 15 contestants performing in new costumes including “Ship,” “Leaf Sheep,” “Woodpecker,” “Chess Piece,” “Bluebell,” “Buffalo,” “Showbird,” “Dust Bunny,” “Goo,” “Strawberry Shortcake” and more.

	Here were the Group B performances on Wednesday’s Episode 5, “Barbie Night”:

Song: “Dance the Night,” by Dua Lipa

Panel guesses: Amy Adams, Anne Hathaway, Lindsay Lohan

Barbie clue: Astronaut. “I’ve been ready to take you out of this world ever since my arrival.”

Bluebell voiceover: “Barbie believes you can be anything. And as a young seedling, I believed that I could be a star. I even wrote a list of all my goals and never questioned that they would manifest. So, when I got my first break, I thought, what could possibly go wrong? The answer? Everything. My career wilted, money dried up and I found myself struggling to make stems meet. But I never stopped believing in myself. So, I started watering a new talent, and suddenly a new career bloomed. And now, I never miss an opportunity to dance the night away. Because every moment in life is blue-tiful.”

	










Previous song: “We Belong,” by Pat Benatar

Previous panel guesses: Taylor Momsen, Elle Goulding, Paris Hilton, Leighton Meester

Song: “Miss Independent,” by Ne-Yo

Panel guesses: Al Green, Cee-lo Green, Kirk Franklin, Johnny Gill

Barbie clue: Malibu Barbie house. “This right here is a dream house. Which is pretty fitting for Robin. Because I know he’s a fan.”

Goo voiceover: “You know, Barbie is all about empowering young women. Showing them you can achieve your dreams. And there’s one go getter gal in my life — my future Mrs. Goo. Lemme tell you how we first met. At a theme park where ironically, I was frustrated and grumpy. I had my guard up. I was stewing alone on a bench when I looked up and saw her hand. She was asking me to dance. And I instantly melted out of kindness, playfulness and confidence. I realized in that one moment that I had met my mushy match. And I cannot wait to become her Mr. Goo next year. Now she’s encouraged me to be as playful as her, by doing this! This performance is for her, the most independentest of women. The most romantic gesture? Before we say, ‘I Goo.’”

Previous song: “Lose Control,” by Teddy Swims

Previous panel guesses: Jon Batiste, Shaboozey, Khalid

Song: “Skyscraper,” by Demi Lovato

Panel guesses: Miguel, Frank Ocean, Daveed Diggs

Barbie clue: Dolls on stage. “Every minute I’m out there, I take my live performances to new heights.”

	










Wasp voiceover: “Barbie may have her own dream house, and I did too. But it took me a while to realize it. I lived with over a dozen other family members. All of them hustlers. There was so much noise and love in the house, but there was one thing missing: and that was my dad. Without his guidance I felt like I didn’t know a purpose. So when I ventured out into the world as a young wasp with big dreams, I had to learn to stand on my own. When I finally made it big, I came back home and my whole family was there. Including, much to my surprise, my dad. And when I talked to him one-on-one, he told me that he was proud of me. And for the first time I felt like I had limitless potential. For every hard memory in the house, there was a good one. And more than anything, it’s where I nurtured my dreams. So, I guess it was a dream house after all.”

Previous song: “Rock Your Body,” by Justin Timberlake

Previous panel guesses: Taye Diggs, Bruno Mars, Jason Derulo

Song: “I’m Every Woman,” by Chaka Khan

Panel guesses: Tyra Banks, Misty Copeland, Issa Rae

Barbie clue: Barbie vanity mirror set. “I actually have this toy at home, but it’s the life-size version.”

Chess Piece voiceover: “As a kid, I was a rich target for others to tease. It seemed like every piece of me was something others could poke at. And on top of that, I loved Barbie. But the part that hurt was that I wasn’t allowed to play with her. The criticism and scrutiny continued over the years and made me question everything I love about myself. So, I had to take control of my own board. And the one thing that helped me heal was the one thing I was missing all along: Barbie. I started buying them for myself and realized it’s never too late to have a happy childhood. Even decades later. And now, they even modeled one after me. Barbie can be anything. She made me and every woman feel like we can be anything too. So tonight, I’m here to celebrate all of us. Every woman out there.”

Previous song: “Believe,” by Cher

Previous panel guesses: Serena Williams, Regina King, Ashley Graham

	Last season’s performers included Vanessa Hudgens, who won the Season 11 crown as Goldfish, beating out Scott Porter, who had performed as Gumball. Other performers included Thelma Houston (Clock), Chrissy Metz (Poodle Moth), Corey Feldman (Seal) and Clay Aiken/Ruben Studdard (Beets), Jenifer Lewis (Miss Cleocatra), Kate Flannery (Starfish), Charlie Wilson (Ugly Sweater), DeMarcus Ware (Koala), Colton Underwood (Love Bird), Sisqó (Lizard), Billy Bush (Sir Lion), Joe Bastianich (Spaghetti & Meatballs), Savannah Chrisley (Afghan Hound) and Kevin Hart (Book).

	“The Masked Singer” comes from Fox Alternative Entertainment. Rosie Seitchik, Craig Plestis and Cannon are executive producers, while Seitchik serves as showrunner. The series is based on the South Korean format created by Mun Hwa Broadcasting Corp.
The Business of Entertainment