T-Pain performs during halftime of an AFC Championship NFL football game between the Baltimore Ravens and the Kansas City Chiefs, Sunday, Jan. 28, 2024, in Baltimore. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez)AP
T-Pain, the “Buy U A Drank” singing rapper, will bring his nationwide “Mansion in Wiscansin Party” tour to Birmingham this summer.
The concert will take place at 6:30 p.m. on Sunday, June 30 at Avondale Brewery. The tour also features artists NandoSTL and Young Cash, with support from LARussell.
Ticketmaster will have multiple pre-sales starting Wednesday, Feb. 21 at 10 a.m., and the general sale starts Friday, Feb. 23 at 10 a.m.
T-Pain recently made headlines about ghost-writing country music songs due to the racism he has experienced. He told The Hollywood Reporter, “I wrote a lot of country songs, and the country songs that I get credit on — I wouldn’t say backlash or anything like that — but [there] was a lot of criticism of, ‘Why did they let a Black person be a part of this?’ or things like that. It was just a lot of that stuff. So I kind of just backed off from putting my name on things and [I] just collect the money.”
The Grammy-winner who is known for popularizing auto-tune also opened up on Instagram about struggling with happiness, though recently, he said via Instagram feeling the happiest he’s felt in a long time, saying, “Am I overall happy? Absolutely. This about the happiest I done been in...a lot. A lot. I’ve been very very sad and messed up for a long time. But my wife has been there for me a lot. But you know, career-wise, if you talking career-wise, happiest I’ve ever been. I’m actually in control, I got a good team around me. I’m happy as s--t!”
A post shared by T-Pain (@tpain)
T-Pain is also known for numerous hits as a rapper, singer, producer, and writer such as, Flo Rida’s “Low,” Chris Brown’s ”Kiss Kiss’, and his feature on Jamie Foxx’s “Blame It,” and his own song “I’m Sprung.” Last year, he released “On Top of The Covers” covers album last year, covering Black Sabbath’s “War Pigs” and Chris Stapleton’s “Tennessee Whiskey,” which caught the attention of Ozzy Osbourne, who called it “the best cover of ‘War Pigs’ ever.”
This is the best cover of “War Pigs” ever. Why didn’t you guys call me? https://t.co/yf0IjUninA
T-Pain adds to an already impressive and growing 2024 calendar for Avondale Brewing that also includes Nerves Baddington (Feb. 23), Teddy Swims (April 1), Brothers Osborne (April 12), Ween (April 21), Jon Batiste (April 29), Blackberry Smoke (May 3), The Offspring (May 7), North Mississippi Allstars (May 9), T-Pain (June 30), Primus (Aug. 18) and others.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices