Sponsored By
ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT
FARGO — With the new year right around the corner, it’s a good a time as any to look back on some of the local arts and entertainment highlights from 2024.
When things started collapsing at Epic Companies, many wondered what would happen to the concerts at Essentia Health Plaza at The Lights, which were booked by the troubled company. 
ADVERTISEMENT
The shows went on and fans came out in big numbers. Country singer Jon Pardi sold out 4,200 tickets at the space in mid-June, months before it was announced he’d be a headliner at next summer’s WE Fest. 
Soulful singer
    
       Teddy Swims
    
       also sold out the outdoor space in September. Last week he played the Jingle Ball concert and he’ll also be featured on “Dick Clark’s Rockin’ New Year’s Eve with Ryan Seacrest”next week, both on ABC.
Area people make it onto reality TV shows from time to time, but few were as memorable as 
    
      Alfred Eggermont
    
       in this year’s “MasterChef Jr.” The then-11 year old from Binford, N.D., survived the fiery temperament of host Gordon Ramsay, who warmed up to the young cook and even won his praise. “Do you know what? I’ve fallen in love with you,” the notoriously explosive chef told the contestant, who finished sixth out of a cast of 12 contestants. The young chef won over many viewers with his quirky, funny personality. 

After returning to Binford, Eggermont remains busy
    
       in the kitchen and at school, but has found time to be a regional celebrity food judge himself while he dreams of opening his own restaurant.
Bluestem Amphitheater hosted a number of great concerts this summer, but it was particularly thrilling to see two returning acts. 
For the second year in a row 
    
      Willie Nelson
    
       sold out 3,400 tickets on back-to-back nights in May. The 91-year-old picked and sang his way through 20 hits in an hour. He wasn’t as strong as he was in 2023, but it was still a thrill to see and hear him. 
On the flip side, country singer 
    
      Sturgill Simpson 
    
      gave perhaps the best performance of the year, keeping a sold-out crowd in September on its feet for the entire blistering three hours. He talked very little and kept the focus on the songs, which ranged from his bouncy country tune “Long White Line” to a blazing finale of “Call to Arms.”
ADVERTISEMENT
The Plains Art Museum lived up to its mission of exhibiting works from artists of the region with great shows by Indigenous painter
    
       Oscar Howe
    
       and the current, colorful display, “Convergence,” by 
    
      Anne Labovitz.

What really stood out this year was the museum showcasing underrepresented creative people, especially LGBTQ artists and their supporters with three great shows. Minot, N.D.’s Rob Thomas-Suwall and his husband Eric, known as 
    
      The Icy Gays
    
      , showed off their impressive collection of contemporary international LGBTQ and women artists in “Full Disclosure.” 
The wearable artwork show, “The Queer Ecology Hanky Project,” showed off 100 artists. “A Little Grey for Color” exhibited works gay collector Donald D. Powell, a Fargo native, donated to the museum, including pieces by Andy Warhol, Helen Frankenthaler, Robert Motherwell, Willem de Kooning and more. This show is on display through March.
Out of sight but not out of mind, the Rourke Art Museum + Gallery worked with painter Mark Larson to restore 
    
      Cyrus Running’s
    
       54-foot long “Manternach Memorial Mural” and display it in the main floor gallery. That won’t be the piece’s final resting place as the Rourke has been working with Concordia College — where the mural was created and exhibited from 1966 for decades — to reclaim the piece.
Who would have thought a Christmas show would be the biggest thing at the Fargodome? The vocal group 
    
      Pentatonix
    
       wowed about 18,000 earlier this month in what was the largest holiday show ever in town. 
The group’s creative arrangements of seasonal chestnuts and tight harmonies kept the full house in rapt attention and quieter moments, like a cappella takes on untraditional Christmas songs like “Hallelujah” and “White Winter Hymnal,” lit by 18,000 cell phones, gave you the chills — in a good way.

The Fargo-Moorhead Symphony 
    
      had its game face on in January when the musicians played a concert influenced by video games. The concert was built around Koji Kondo’s music for “The Legend of Zelda,” but also included Modest Mussorgsky’s “A Night on Bald Mountain” and Igor Stravinsky’s “Firebird Suite.” The odd programming was a hit with two sold-out shows, a first for the organization in years.
ADVERTISEMENT
Summer is a busy time of the year for Fargo-based event promotions group Jade Presents and that was even more true this year. The company converted a former North Fargo railyard at 1329 Fifth Ave. N., into the newest outdoor concert venue. 

UP District Festival Field
    
       (UP stands for Unicorn Park, the neighborhood where it’s located) sold out its inaugural show, Jo Dee Messina, at 2,000 tickets and kept rolling with shows by Grace Potter, Band of Horses, Spoon, Pierce the Veil, Hawthorne Heights, Atmosphere and more. Jade Presents anticipates 10 to 20 shows there next summer.
Things just keep looking up for 
    
      Tigirlily Gold
    
      . 
The singing sisters, Kendra Olson and Krista Slaubaugh, from Hazen, N.D., released their debut album, “Blonde,” in July, just a few weeks after previewing many of the songs in a concert at Fargo’s Sanctuary Events Center. In October the duo opened for Kelsea Ballerini at Madison Square Garden in New York. A month later the two appeared on Prairie Public TV’s “Great Performances - Patsy Cline,” singing “How Can I Face Tomorrow” during the concert tribute. 
Earlier this year Tigirlily Gold was nominated for Breakthrough Female Video of the Year and Duo/Group Video of the Year at the CMT Awards. In May they won New Duo or Group at the ACM Awards. Next April Tigirlily Gold will perform at Stagecoach, the music festival.
Writer 
    
      Louise Erdrich
    
       returned home figuratively and literally this fall. Her latest novel “The Mighty Red,” hit shelves in October and takes place in and around a sugar beet farm in North Dakota’s Red River Valley. 
A month after the book hit shelves, the author came to Fargo, where she wrote her debut novel, “Love Medicine” just over 40 years ago. Erdrich thrilled the crowd as she talked about the book, her writing process and her recollections of growing up in Wahpeton, N.D.
ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT