Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
Michelle Keegan has revealed she'd met King Charles and Queen Camilla during her time on Coronation Street, with the Royal pair paying the ITV soap a visit back in 2010. 
Actress Michelle, 36, starred on Corrie as Tina McIntyre from 2008 until 2014, and during her time on the soap she got to meet Camilla, 76, and Charles, 75, as they visited the set in Manchester to mark Coronation Street's 50th anniversary. 
She discussed her Royal encounter on The Graham Norton Show on Friday, 5 January. Michelle appeared on the chat show with fellow actors Dominic West and Jacob Anderson, as well as Alan Carr and singer Teddy Swims. 
As Dominic discussed portraying Charles in the hit Netflix show The Crown, Graham turned to Michelle to discuss her meeting with the King and Queen in 2010. 
"Yeah, Camilla and Charles came down to Corrie while I was on Corrie," Michelle confirmed, as photos of Charles and Camilla in the Rovers Return were shown on screen. 
Pointing at one photo, she jokingly added: "I was there that day! I'm not in the picture, but I promise you I was there!"
The guests then discussed whether they think the Royals are soap fans or not, with Michelle revealing Camilla told her she is a fan of Coronation Street - much to the actress' disbelief. 
"Yeah, Camilla said she was a fan of Corrie! I didn't believe her," Michelle said as the audience laughed. "She was really sweet though. She was really, really sweet. Yeah, very friendly, very warm. I liked her a lot."
Elsewhere Michelle, who appeared on The Graham Norton Show to discuss her role in hit new Netflix series Fool Me Once, admitted she found it "very hard" to leave Coronation Street, especially when she found out her character would be killed off. 
“For me it was a massive learning platform. I took a long, long time to decide to leave – it was very hard," she said. 
Michelle went on to admit that she thought she "would never work again" after leaving the ITV soap and felt her "security was ripped away" due to her character's death. 
She added: "And then when they told me they were killing off my character and there was no going back I thought I would never work again. My security was ripped away which made me push forward and work harder.”