On August 27, 2024, the 13th episode of “America’s Got Talent” season 19 showcased the third set of live performances this summer. Host Terry Crews welcomed back judges Heidi Klum, Simon Cowell, Howie Mandel and Sofia Vergara. Only four competitors from this episode will make the cut and move on in the competition.
But who were the best acts from this episode? And who is most likely to be eliminated? Below we rank the 11 acts from worst to best. Do any of Tuesday’s acts have what it takes to win the million dollars this year?
SEE 'America's Got Talent' Season 19 predictions: Now YOU can predict who will win 'AGT' 2024
Season 19 Episode 13 Rankings:
11. Journeyy: For the second consecutive week, I liked every performance in this qualifier, so good luck America! You have a tough choice. Seeing Simon mentor the child acts was adorable, too. The vocal itself was solid but sounded pitchy at times to me. Bob Marley is looking down at him with pride though, since this slowed down version of his hit was a great choice. Honestly, I would not be shocked to see him in the Top 5 for the week.
10. Kelsey Jane: I loved this performance yet could not help but think that her audition was better. She is a fan favorite on social media though, so ultimately becomes the giant question mark of the week. I think she could advance to the next round.
9. Sabrina: The "High School Musical" song in the video package was a choice. Outside of that, the performance itself was highly impressive. They have a great chance of advancing to the next round and I was very surprised that Heidi did not use her Golden Buzzer on them.
8. The Reklaws: Vocally, they are great and in terms of personality they are also memorable. The song choice was not the best in my opinion, but overall, this was a performance that a good number of voters will appreciate. Also, the feed during the performance was super spotty for me so I hope that was not the case for everyone.
7. Reid Wilson: Reid is a diamond in the rough that will only get better with age. The song choice was perfect for him vocally, but it felt a little too old for him at the same time. Saying that, he quickly became the talk of social media, specifically the age group that votes. Look for him to advance to the next round.
6. Menudo: This song is a real ear worm. The performance itself was great, but Howie nailed it with the kids show comparison as it reminded me of "The All-New Mickey Mouse Club," which had future superstars as kids mixed with people who did not make it big. Andrés Emilio Pirela and Nicolas Calero are going to be the future superstars here if they keep that energy and vocals. Do I think they will advance? No, but they had a great time so there was a small win.
SEE ‘AGT’ deaths: Remembering the contestants we’ve lost on ‘America’s Got Talent’
5. Jelly Boy the Clown: Normally, acts like this freak me out. Somehow the "Terrifier" franchise has made me less freaked out, so I appreciated the utter insanity that is Jelly Boy the Clown. Ending the night with him was a great choice or a complete nightmare depending on what judge you asked. For Simon and Howie to see eye to eye on it while Sofia was horrified is a standout moment of the season for me. Will he advance to the next round? I doubt it.
4. Dee Dee Simon: Prior to the show, social media was abuzz with anticipation that she would receive the GB. This Teddy Swims cover was great, but I was hoping for a more impactful song as this one has been done to death on singing competitions. Simon predicted that she could win the entire competition, but Heidi’s GB proved social media to be correct.
3. Learnmore Jonasi: Terry’s Golden Buzzer recipient is one of the best in the show’s history. His material continues to be perfection and stage presence was the best of the night. I was hoping he would be a two time GB recipient, but hopefully voters send him to the next round.
2. Maya Neelakantan: This performance rocked the AGT stage and I never wanted it to end. In a perfect world, this rock star in the making would easily make it into the next round of the competition. Social media was not as impressed, but after last week….well it’s abundantly clear that most of those people do not vote anyway. Fingers crossed for her!
1. Sam Huang: By this point, readers will already know that I am all for magic acts, so there is not a lot I haven’t seen on tv. This performance had a few tricks I have seen before, but overall, it blew my mind. Honestly, I would be shocked if he does not make it to the next round of the competition.
SIGN UP for Gold Derby’s free newsletter with latest predictions
I don’t like the extra gold buzzers. It’s not fair!  The judges are basically the ones going the voting.  It’s not what America chooses.. some have been better after they used their gold buzzers for the day and they lose out.
If the judges have decided they want total control of who wins at least be honest enough to admit it.
I totally agree
Jelly bean and menudo should not even have made it this far.   Menudo and Jelly bean are awful.   I like the singers this go round. I think this is the year one will win.   I like Reid
I missed it this week thanks for the summary
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…
Take a trip back to the Academy Awards ceremonies of the recent past with Gold Derby’s Oscars Playback series. Hosts Joyce Eng and Christopher Rosen recap every Oscar ceremony of the 1990s and 2000s. Joyce and Chris tackle the highs and lows of each show and see how the winners aged. It’s a wonderful night for Oscar, whenever you watch!

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media