Shayne Ward's wedding plans with fiancée Sophie Austin have been postponed due to his new gig on Strictly. The ex-X Factor champ, 39, and Hollyoaks star Sophie have been engaged since 2017 and share two children, Willow, eight, and Reign, two.
Shayne shared Sophie was completely supportive of delaying their nuptials, as she was the one who encouraged him to join the dance competition, reports the Mirror. Speaking about their wedding, Shayne revealed: "It'll be happening. Sophie and I were actually looking at the end of this year, but we couldn't because this incredible show happened.
"Strictly came along, and so we had to put the wedding on hold. I've joked that maybe we could do both together, and get married after the results show. But we have plenty of time."
He added: "It was actually Sophie who put me forward for the show. For many years she's talked about Strictly, she loves, loves the show, so every year the music would come on and she'd whisper: 'You'd be good at this'.
"She always had that belief in me, she'd say: 'I just think you'd really enjoy it, and I want people to see you'. This year she said to me: 'Can I please put your name forward?' and I said: 'Yeah' because it felt like the right time. So she did, and now I'm so happy I said yes because it's one of the best things I've ever done."
Shayne, who wowed audiences with his tango to The Door by Teddy Swims this week, exploded onto Strictly last week with a Samba routine. And while the majority of the comments he received afterwards were supportive - he admitted being upset by trolls calling him "cocky" and "arrogant".
Get the latest news sent straight to your messages by joining our WhatsApp community today.
You'll receive daily updates on breaking news as well as the top headlines across Scotland.
No one will be able to see who is signed up and no one can send messages except the Daily Record team.
All you have to do is click here if you're on mobile, select 'Join Community' and you're in!
If you're on a desktop, simply scan the QR code above with your phone and click 'Join Community'.
We also treat our community members to special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners. If you don’t like our community, you can check out any time you like.
To leave our community click on the name at the top of your screen and choose 'exit group'.
If you’re curious, you can read our Privacy Notice.
The criticism didn't stop there; some even took aim at his decision to grow out his previously shaved head, now sporting curls. However, Shayne remained undeterred, stating: "For me, I try to only focus on the positive, because if you focus on the negative you wouldn't last long.
"I wouldn't be here if I focused on the minority of people who say something horrible. I just leave them to it, because I know that I'm not those things, and I'm lucky that I've got incredible people around me. If the comments do upset me, they upset me because I have two children, and it's not just about me. But at the end of the day, all I'm doing is dancing, and trying my best. And I'm very happy I have a good head of hair."
Explaining his hairstyle choice, he said: "My son's hair is exactly the same - that's why I have it like this. When his hair suddenly became all curly and long, I thought: 'They're my curls' and I embraced it and grew mine longer.
"So when people comment, that's fine. This experience is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity and it goes so quickly that you have to enjoy it. I don't want to get sidetracked by negativity - I just want to have the best time and give this show, and Nancy, my all."
Nancy Xu, Shayne's partner on the show, said: "From day one, I knew Shayne was going to be very special. He has a notebook, and is constantly writing notes about things he needs to work on.
"I'm mind blown by the details he is asking me about, so he can give the show his best. I worry because I want him to enjoy it, but then he tells me that he is enjoying it and wants to work hard. I just think this is really kind and nice, and also shows a real respect for me as a person."
Shayne added: "I am always practising, always dancing at home. Sophie will see me go off for a minute and know I'm going through the moves in my head. And she will say to me: 'Ok chill for a minute.' And then I can hear Nancy in my head saying: 'Chill, you've got this, relax."
Despite his intense focus, Shayne says he doesn't struggle to switch off when he's with his kids. He revealed that Strictly isn't the only dance competition in his family this year - his daughter Willow is also competing.
He said: "What's so beautiful is that Willow's dance school asked her to be part of a competition and perform with them, so not only is she going to be supporting me with a banner at home, I'm going to be making a banner for her.
"I'm going to be in the front row at her competition, shouting: 'Go team Willow'. She has been so sweet since I started the show, she's just so proud of daddy, she says: 'Daddy looks so handsome, daddy can really dance'.
"Last night on It Takes Two, Janette gave me a Strictly paddle with a 10, so she'll be watching daddy with that. I am excited about people seeing me as I am now on the show.
"It will be 20 years next year since I did X Factor, and since then I've been blessed with so many personal and professional opportunities. I have two incredible children, and now everything I do is for them.
"For me, it's nice that people who have followed my career get to see the family man I am now, but also that I haven't changed. I'm pretty much the same man I was back in 2004, just now with more toys to fall over."
Strictly Come Dancing returns tonight at 6.15pm on BBC1 and BBC iPlayer.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.