ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA - OCTOBER 11: Taylor Swift attends "Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour" Concert ... More Movie World Premiere at AMC The Grove 14 on October 11, 2023 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Matt Winkelmeyer/Getty Images)
Last week, Taylor Swift completed an unusual trifecta by landing at No. 1 on all three of Billboard’s pop radio charts. The singer sat atop all of them, but with different cuts, which is what made her domination so surprising. Now, just one frame later, she hasn’t relinquished her control over one of them, or even two, but rather all three of the pop radio tallies.
Just days ago, Swift appeared at No. 1 on the Pop Airplay, Adult Contemporary, and Adult Pop Airplay tallies. Her latest single “Is It Over Now? (Taylor's Version) [From The Vault]” jumped to the top spot on two of those rankings, the Pop Airplay and Adult Pop Airplay charts. It reached the summit on both of the first time.
At the same time, her previous smash “Cruel Summer” was still in charge of the Adult Contemporary chart. That electro-pop cut, which was actually released in 2019, was holding court atop the radio list for its seventh turn.
Now, all three charts are topped by different tracks. Most of them have ruled before and they return for another spin in the spotlight, while one musician earns their first No. 1 on a Billboard radio list with a breakout smash.
This week’s Pop Airplay chart is controlled by Jack Harlow’s “Lovin on Me,” which is not new to the highest rung on what is often considered the most competitive pop radio ranking in America. The hip-hop musician’s tune jumps from the runner-up spot to No. 1 for its fifth frame in first place.
At the same time, Miley Cyrus returns to the throne on the Adult Contemporary chart. Her single “Flowers” is already the longest-running leader in the history of that tally, and it’s only adding to its impressive total. “Flowers” has now led the Adult Contemporary list for 39 nonconsecutive frames, and it could add to that total again, as DJs aren’t done playing it.
Over on the Adult Pop Airplay, a new champion has been crowned. Teddy Swims scores his first No. 1 with “Lose Control,” which has helped him break out and become a rising star. That tune improves from No. 2 to the peak in its thirty-second frame on the list, and it trades places with Swift.