By 

	Tomás Mier


Jessie Murph and Teddy Swims sing to a shitty ex in an angry duet. On Friday, the Alabama-born singer released her collaboration with Swims, titled “Dirty,” dedicated to a former lover who took her for granted.

	“When someone fucks you over do you wallow and feel sorry for yourself? Or do you make them sorry for what they did?” Murph tells Rolling Stone about the song. The video splices a clip of Murph singing the track in a studio with a clip of her ex-partner captured making love to another woman in a car as the vehicle gets towed.

	Over the last few days, Murph and Swims have been sharing videos of themselves meeting in the studio to record the song. “What a f*#$ing TALENT @jessiemurphhh,” Swims wrote on Instagram.

	“I was so excited when he wanted to jump on the song and he did not disappoint,” Murph says of working with Swims. “His voice is absolutely incredible and he’s also just the best guy. We had a lot of fun working on this together.”

	“Dirty” is set to be featured on her upcoming sophomore LP, a follow-up to last year’s Drowning, which included fan-favorites “Always Been You” and “Pray.” She launched her new album era with her massive track featuring Jelly Roll, “Wild Ones,” in October. She’s since dropped tracks “Cold” and “Son of a Bitch” earlier this year.

	











	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Elon Musk: It Is ‘Outrageous’ to ‘Claim That I’m a Nazi’		
	









	
	
		
					'SNL' Weekend Update Roasts Trump's Pope Dream, Stock Market Pleas		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	








	“I don’t want to give too much away just yet,” she says of her upcoming LP. “But I’ll just say the album is very cohesive and focuses on a lot of the same themes.  They’re some of my favorite songs I’ve ever made and I can’t wait for everyone to finally hear it.”

	Earlier this year, she stopped by Rolling Stone‘s On Your Radar and spoke about the angry feelings behind much of her music. “Anger — there’s a lot of anger behind it. It encompasses female rage really well,” Murph said at the time. “There’s also tones of sadness. ‘Female rage’ is what I’ll give you. I don’t know if I’m selfish or what, but it’s really hard for me to write about something if I’m not personally feeling it… Shit has been pissing me off, but you’ll see.”
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.