Capital's Jingle Bell Ball with Barclaycard has become a staple of the festive season. Each year, the radio station hosts two days of star-studded entertainment at London's O2 Arena.
This year is no exception, with Coldplay and Katy Perry headlining the event, joined by artists such as Kygo, Teddy Swims, Perry and more. Tickets were released by Capital Radio last month and, as per tradition, sold out within minutes.
However, fans eager to attend can still purchase second-hand tickets from resale websites. The Jingle Bell Ball kicks off this Saturday, December 7, 2024, and concludes on Sunday, December 8, 2024.
Currently, the only way to secure tickets is through resale websites like viagogo, StubHub and Vivid Seats, which specialise in fan-to-fan ticket sales. Fans can choose their preferred tickets (seated, standing, VIP, etc) at prices set by other fans.
VIAGOGO - Buy Jingle Bell Ball resale tickets here
VIVID SEATS - Buy Jingle Bell Ball resale tickets here
STUBHUB - Buy Jingle Bell Ball resale tickets here
The Jingle Bell Ball will be headlined by Coldplay on Saturday, while Katy Perry, who is gearing up for her UK tour in 2025, will take centre stage on Sunday, reports the Express.
In addition, Little Mix's Perrie Edwards will be performing her solo music at the Jingle Bell Ball. Here's the complete lineup of artists for the event.
Saturday, December 7, 2024
Sunday, December 8, 2024
Viagogo and resale tickets
Sites such as Viagogo and Vivid Seats allow fans to buy resale tickets from other fans. However, it is important to note that many event promoters say tickets should not be resold after initial purchase and will not be valid for admittance to gigs.
Fans attending live events with tickets acquired through resale websites are advised to double check the ticket terms and conditions at the point of sale - such as Ticketmaster or Live Nation - to ensure a smooth live event experience. Tickets could be voided if they were found to be bought second-hand. As a result, fans are buying at their own risk.
With that said, Viagogo also commented: "Viagogo is a regulated marketplace where fans have the guarantee."
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.