Jack White and Greta Van Fleet have stepped in to fill the slot left vacated by Dave Grohl & Co.
 By Scott Bernstein Sep 26, 2024 • 11:20 am PDT
 Photo by Danny Clinch
Foo Fighters pulled out of this weekend’s Soundside Music Festival. Jack White and Greta Van Fleet have been tapped as replacements and will perform on Sunday, September 29 on the second day of the event held at Seaside Park in Bridgeport, Connecticut. 
“Foo Fighters will no longer be appearing at this weekend’s Soundside Music Festival. Please check the festival website for more information,” the band wrote on Instagram this afternoon. No further explanation was given. 
Jack White and Greta Van Fleet are joined on the Sunday Soundside lineup by Bleachers, Norah Jones, Teddy Swims, Gregory Alan Isakov and others. Bleachers stepped in last month after Queens Of The Stone Age canceled remaining 2024 dates to allow frontman Josh Homme time to recover from an undisclosed medical issue.
Noah Kahan headlines the festival on Saturday, September 28. Goo Goo Dolls, Fleet Foxes, Boyz II Men and Grace Potter are among other acts set to perform at Soundside on Saturday.
Foo Fighters’ appearance was set to be their first after Dave Grohl’s shocking revelation that he fathered a child born outside of his marriage to wife Jordyn Blum. “I’ve recently become the father of a new baby daughter, born outside of my marriage,” Grohl wrote earlier this month on Instagram. “I plan to be a loving and supportive parent to her. I love my wife and my children, and I am doing everything I can to regain their trust and earn their forgiveness.” Foo Fighters no longer have any dates on the books.
 Everything you need to
 Go See Live Music
  Personalized music news & recommendations 
 Create a free account or log in.
 Join or log in via email.
 Not you?
 Forgot password?
 Let’s create your account to get started.
  8 or more characters
  At least 1 letter
  At least 1 number
 We’ll only send you notifications you opt into.
  Valid phone number
 By signing up, you agree to our terms of use and privacy policy.