By 

	Jon Blistein


Coldplay have joined the growing lineup of performers set to take the stage at the 2024 Billboard Music Awards.

	Coldplay, who will be making their BBMA performance debut this year, are set to perform songs from their 10th album, Moon Music, which was released in October. The band is also up for two awards: Top Duo/Group and Top Rock Touring Artist. They’ve previously won 10 BBMAs, most recently taking home the Top Rock Touring Artist prize last year.

	Coldplay spent a good chunk of 2024 on the road in the lead-up to the release of Moon Music. They most recently wrapped a run of shows in Australia and New Zealand, and they’ll hit the road again early next year with dates in the Middle East and Asia (including what may be their biggest show ever in Ahmedabad, India). A North American leg kicks off May 31 in Stanford, California and wraps July 27 in Miami. 

	Along with Coldplay, the 2024 BBMAs are so far slated to feature performances from Seventeen, Teddy Swims, and Tyla. The show will air live next Thursday, Dec. 12, at 8 p.m. ET/PT on Fox, with comedian/actress Michelle Buteau serving as host.

	










	K-Pop stars Seventeen (who are up for Top K-Pop Touring Artist) are set to perform their recent collaboration with DJ Khaled, “Love, Money, Fame.” Teddy Swims — who scored eight nominations this year, including Top New Artist — will play his breakthrough Number One “Lose Control,” as well as his new single, “Bad Dreams.”





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	








	And Tyla is plotting a special performance that’ll find her taking over a pub in London for an Amapiano bash. Joining Tyla will be singer-songwriter Optimist Music ZA, while the performance will feature creative direction from choreographer Tanisha Scott. (Tyla herself is up for six awards, including Top R&B Artist, Top R&B Female Artist, and Top Afrobeats Artist.)

	Leading the nominees for the 2024 BBMAs are Zach Bryan, Taylor Swift, Morgan Wallen, and Sabrina Carpenter. Along with Teddy Swims and Tyla, Chappell Roan, Benson Boone, Shaboozey, and Tommy Richman will all be competing for their first BBMA prizes. 
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.