By
Chris Piner
With another spectacular year in music coming to an end, the Billboard Music Awards looked to celebrate singers like Zach Bryan, Morgan Wallen, and Taylor Swift. Taking place at the Marriott Bonvoy, the BBMAs are set to kick off on December 12th with Bryan hoping to snag awards for Top Male Artist and Top Artist. But even before announcing the winners, the BBMAs promoted a long list of performances from stars including Jelly Roll, Teddy Swims, and even Coldplay. Hosted by comedian Michelle Buteau, here are all the details about when and where to watch and who will perform. 
Scheduled to air on December 12th at 8:00 p.m. ET/PT, fans looking to watch the 2024 Billboard Music Awards can tune in on Fox. Broadcasting the show from 1990 until 2006, the BBMAs looked to return to the network. But for those without access to the channel, don’t worry, the BBMAs will stream using Fire TV Channels or Paramount+. 
Excited about making the 2024 Billboard Music Awards available across several platforms like streaming and cable,  the CEO of PMC and CEO of Dick Clark Productions, Jay Penske, said in a statement, “We are thrilled to bring the 2024 Billboard Music Awards to multiple platforms, ensuring fans have more options to watch the very artists they helped propel to the top of the charts. By partnering with Fox, Paramount+ and Fire TV Channels, we are able to reach music enthusiasts where they are, whether they’re tuning in on TV, streaming on-demand, or watching from their mobile devices.”  
[RELATED: 4 Songs That Trace Jelly Roll’s Path to Country Stardom for His 40th Birthday]
Although the categories are full of amazing singers, Bryan gained the most nominations this year with 18. Given the success of her Eras Tour, Swift wasn’t far beyond with 16 nominations. Morgan Wallen will enter the BBMAs with 15 nominations. With country music appearing to dominate the awards, it seemed only fitting that the BBMAs would pick some top names in country to perform. 
Looking at the list of singers performing at the 2024 Billboard Music Awards, Teddy Swims will take the stage to sing his hit song “Lose Control.” The South Korean boy band Seventeen also prepared to perform at the awards, showcasing their collaboration with DJ Khaled on “Love, Money, Fame.”
Other singers gracing the stage throughout the evening will include Tyla, Jelly Roll, Megan Moroney, Stray Kids, Linkin Park, Fuerza Regida, and Shaboozey. With Shaboozey dominating the charts with “A Bar Song (Tipsy)”, the singer is sure to leave a lasting impression. 
Don’t miss the 2024 Billboard Music Awards, airing at 8:00 p.m. ET/PT on Fox and streaming on Fire TV Channels. 
(Photo by Terry Wyatt/Getty Images)
Only members can comment. Become a member. Already a member? Log in.
Before the Fame, Eddie Van Halen Experienced and Overcame a “Horrifying Racist Environment”
3 One-Hit Wonder Novelty Songs From the 50s and 60s That You Know by Heart
3 Bizarre Album Covers From the 90s That Had To Be Changed To Sell in Stores

			© 2025 American Songwriter			American Songwriter: a Savage Ventures Brand