The rockers postponed their remaining Peace Out tour dates in September 2023 after Steven Tyler fractured his larynx in addition to vocal cord injury
Aaron Perry
 Aerosmith is back at it.

 On Wednesday, April 10, the rockers announced rescheduled dates for their Peace Out farewell tour, which was postponed in September 2023.

 Produced by Live Nation, the 40-date North American tour will feature three news shows in addition to the rescheduled dates. It is set to kick off in Pittsburgh at PPG Paints Arena on Sept. 20 and will make stops across the U.S. and Canada, including Los Angeles’ Kia Forum, New York’s Madison Square Garden, Austin’s Moody Center, Seattle’s Climate Pledge Arena, Chicago’s United Center, Toronto’s Scotiabank Arena, and more before concluding in Montreal's Bell Centre on Jan. 26, 2025. There will also be a special hometown show in Boston on New Year's Eve 2024.

Zack Whitford
 The Peace Out tour, which will celebrate 50 years of the band's hits, will also feature special guests The Black Crowes and a one-night-only performance from Teddy Swims at the tour kick-off show in Pittsburgh.Tickets that were previously purcased will be honored a the rescheduled shows.

 The rescheduled and newly added dates will go on sale Friday, April 12 at 10 a.m. local time on ticketmaster.com.

Tommaso Boddi/Getty
 Aerosmith announced that they would be postponing their tour on Friday, Sept. 29 with a statement on Instagram, citing frontman Steven Tyler's recovery from a newly discovered fractured larynx. The news came just two weeks after the "Dream On" group announced that the frontman “sustained vocal cord damage” and that they would need to reschedule six of their September concerts.

 Aerosmith's current lineup of original members Brad Whitford, Joe Perry, Tom Hamilton and Tyler, as well as new drummer John Douglas, opened up about the singer’s condition in a post dedicated to their fans.

 “Unfortunately, Steven’s vocal injury is more serious than initially thought,” the band wrote. “His doctor has confirmed that in addition to the damage to his vocal cords, he fractured his larynx which requires ongoing care.” 

 The Rock and Roll Hall of Famers added, “He is receiving the best medical treatment available to ensure his recovery is swift, but given the nature of a fracture, he is being told patience is essential.”

 Tyler, 76, also said he was“heartbroken” by the change of plans for the group and their openers, The Black Crowes.

 He added, “I am heartbroken to not be out there with Aerosmith, my brothers and the incredible Black Crowes, rocking with the best fans in the world. I promise we will be back as soon as we can!”

 See the full list of tour dates below.

 Fri Sep 20 – Pittsburgh, PA – PPG Paints Arena (NEW SHOW)*

 Mon Sep 23 – Philadelphia, PA – Wells Fargo Center (NEW SHOW)

 Thu Sep 26 – Louisville, KY – KFC Yum! Center    

 Sun Sep 29 – Cleveland, OH – Rocket Mortgage FieldHouse 

 Wed Oct 02 – Charlotte, NC – Spectrum Center

 Sat Oct 05 – Knoxville, TN – Thompson-Boling Arena 

 Tue Oct 08 – Washington, DC – Capital One Arena

 Fri Oct 11 – Atlanta, GA – State Farm Arena

 Mon Oct 14 – St Louis, MO – Enterprise Center

 Thu Oct 17 – Cincinnati, OH – Heritage Bank Arena

 Sun Oct 20 – Nashville, TN – Bridgestone Arena

 Thu Oct 31 – Phoenix, AZ – Footprint Center

 Sun Nov 03 – San Antonio, TX - Frost Bank Center 

 Wed Nov 06 – Austin, TX – Moody Center

 Sat Nov 09 – Dallas, TX – American Airlines Center

 Tue Nov 12 – Tulsa, OK – BOK Center

 Fri Nov 15 – Omaha, NE – CHI Health Center

 Mon Nov 18 – Denver, CO – Ball Arena    

 Thu Nov 21 – Portland, OR – Moda Center 

 Sun Nov 24 – Seattle, WA – Climate Pledge Arena

 Wed Nov 27 – Salt Lake City, UT – Delta Center

 Sat Nov 30 – San Francisco, CA – Chase Center

 Wed Dec 04 – San Jose, CA – SAP Center               

 Sat Dec 07 – Los Angeles, CA – The Kia Forum

 Sat Dec 28 – Newark, NJ - Prudential Center 

 Tue Dec 31 – Boston, MA – TD Garden

 Sat Jan 04 – Detroit, MI - Little Caesars Arena       

 Tue Jan 07 – Toronto, ON – Scotiabank Arena 

 Fri Jan 10 – Montreal, QC – Bell Centre

 Mon Jan 13 – Columbus, OH – Schottenstein Center  

 Thu Jan 16 – Indianapolis, IN – Gainbridge Fieldhouse 

 Sun Jan 19 – Chicago, IL – United Center

 Wed Jan 22 – St Paul, MN – Xcel Energy Center

 Sat Jan 25 – Kansas City, MO – T-Mobile Center

 Tues Feb 11 – Orlando, FL – Kia Center (NEW SHOW)

 Fri Feb 14 – Tampa, FL – Amalie Arena

 Mon Feb 17 – Sunrise, FL – Amerant Bank Arena

 Thu Feb 20 – Raleigh, NC – PNC Arena 

 Sun Feb 23 – New York, NY – Madison Square Garden

 Wed Feb 26 – Buffalo, NY – KeyBank Center  

  *Teddy Swims Joining as Special Guest, The Black Crowes not appearing

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)