Please refresh the page or navigate to another page on the site to be automatically logged inPlease refresh your browser to be logged in
The rising pop star responded sharply to a photographer on the event’s black carpet 
I would like to be emailed about offers, events and updates from The Independent. Read our Privacy notice
Chappell Roan snapped at a photographer who was heard saying “shut the f*** up” shortly after arriving at tonight’s MTV Video Music Awards. 
The rising pop star, 26, pointed at the offender and sharply responded: “YOU shut the f*** up.”
Roan was appearing on the New York event’s black carpet this evening (September 11) along with a prop medieval sword.
“Don’t! Not me, b***h,” the singer added, before she resumed posing for photographers. 
The “Pink Pony Club” singer sparked complaints recently after canceling two upcoming shows at short notice, blaming “scheduling conflicts”, in order to rehearse for her upcoming performance at the VMAs.
On Instagram, one fan wrote: “I just find it so cringe that you think you’re just allowed to disrespect your fans who spent money on housing and transportation to go see your show just because little miss ma’am preferred to go sing at the VMAs? Do better!”
Roan also made headlines recently when she felt the need to explain why she needs to “draw lines and set boundaries” when it comes to interactions with her fans.
The VMAs are back and celebrating their 40th anniversary this year.
Rapper Megan Thee Stallion is set to host the awards from the UBS Arena on Long Island.
It marks the “WAP” star’s first time hosting an award show, though she has guest-hosted Saturday Night Live and served as a co-host on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon in the past.
Taylor Swift tops the VMA nominations with 10 – eight for her “Fortnight” music video and nods in the Artist of the Year and Best Pop categories. She’s followed by her “Fortnight” collaborator Post Malone, who has nine. He is nominated along with Swift eight times and earned his ninth nom for his country hit “I Had Some Help,” featuring Morgan Wallen.
Rounding out the Artist of the Year category nominees are Ariana Grande, Bad Bunny, Eminem, Sabrina Carpenter and SZA.
Grande, Carpenter and Eminem are tied with six nods; Megan Thee Stallion and SZA have five each. Blackpink’s LISA, Olivia Rodrigo and Teddy Swims follow with four nominations each.
This year features 29 first-time nominees, which include Wallen, Carpenter and Swims as well as Benson Boone and Tyla – the latter two boast three nominations each.
Performers set to appear tonight include Roan along with Katy Perry, Benson Boone, Sabrina Carpenter, GloRilla, Halsey, Lenny Kravitz, LISA, Rauw Alejandro, Anitta, Karol G, LL COOL J, Shawn Mendes and Camila Cabello.
Join thought-provoking conversations, follow other Independent readers and see their replies
Please refresh the page or navigate to another page on the site to be automatically logged inPlease refresh your browser to be logged in