A silver lining in Storm Lilian’s wake for Day 2 today
Jorja Smith and Ashnikko have been added back to the Leeds Festival 2024 line-up today (August 24), after their sets scheduled for the BBC Radio 1 stage this weekend were in doubt due to its closure.
The festival has updated its schedule following disruptions caused by Storm Lilian on its first day on Friday, leading to the shutdown of the BBC Radio 1 and Aux stages.
Now, Ashnikko is set to perform on the Festival Republic stage at 5.35pm, while Smith has been moved to the main stage for a 3.35pm set.
Aside from Smith and Ashnikko, among the acts scheduled for the BBC Radio 1 stage on Saturday and Sunday in Leeds were Confidence Man, Teddy Swims, Flo, The Wombats, and Overmono.
Confidence Man confirmed in an Instagram Story today that they will not be playing Leeds this weekend, but will return for a headlining show in the city later this year. Overmono are still scheduled for a DJ set in Leeds on Sunday at the LS23 stage.
Last night, Swims posted an Instagram Story telling fans that he will see them in Leeds today, but as of writing, his name is not on the schedule on the official site.
The Wombats and Overmono are due to perform at Reading Festival today.
Reading & Leeds Festivals 2024 kicked off yesterday (August 23) at their usual sites of Richfield Avenue (Reading) and Bramham Park (Leeds) – see here for how you can follow along at home on BBC iPlayer and elsewhere if you were not able to secure a ticket.
The festival boasts Fred Again.., Lana Del Rey, Liam Gallagher, Catfish And The Bottlemen, Blink-182 and Gerry Cinnamon as its six headliners this year.
Raye, Spiritbox, Fontaines D.C., Reneé Rapp, Pendulum, Denzel Curry, Kenny Beats, Nia Archives, Two Door Cinema Club, Neck Deep, Rachel Chinouriri, Hak Baker, The Last Dinner Party and more are also expected to play.
Check back at NME here for the latest news, reviews, interviews, photos and more from Reading and Leeds 2024.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.