By JESSICA JANES FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  10:10, 12 September 2024   |  Updated:  13:49, 12 September 2024   
 12
View  comments
Laura Whitmore put on a leggy display in a cobalt blue dress as she and her husband Iain Stirling attended the 2024 MTV Video Music Awards in New York on Wednesday. 
The Irish TV personality, 39, looked nothing short of sensational in the stylish ensemble which boasted a plunging neckline, ruffled shoulders, a pleated wrap design, and a long train. 
She added inches to her frame with a pair of strappy black stiletto heels and wore a flawless palette of makeup consisting of a striking blue smoky eyeshadow. 
To complete her look, Laura styled her blonde tresses in an elegant half-up-half-down hairstyle.
Meanwhile, her husband Iain, 36, cut a smart casual figure for the carpet event and sported a classic white T-shirt. 
Laura Whitmore put on a leggy display in a cobalt blue dress as she and her husband Iain Stirling attended the 2024 MTV Video Music Awards in New York on Wednesday
The Irish TV personality, 39, looked nothing short of sensational in the stylish ensemble which boasted a plunging neckline, ruffled shoulders, a pleated wrap design, and a long train
He teamed the shirt with a pair of black tailored trousers and a textured black overshirt. 
During the event, the happy couple who have been married since 2020, got several snaps together and Iain also proudly took snaps of his wife as she posed up a storm on the carpet. 
Taylor Swift had Swifties tearing up as she thanked 'magical' boyfriend Travis Kelce while making history by earning her 30th award in her career at the MTV VMAs.
The  34-year-old megastar - who led the star-studded red carpet - made a rare comment about her Kansas City Chiefs star beau, also 34, as she took home the biggest award of the night Video of the Year at the gala event held at UBS Arena in Long Island, New York.
She - who earned seven total awards this evening alone - was recognized for her collab with Post Malone titled Fortnight who also joined her on stage along with her team.
Taylor recognized her boyfriend of nearly a year Travis and his contribution to the music video during her speech as she said: 'And you know, the things that this video seems very sad when you watch it, but it was like the most fun video to make and something I will always remember is that when I would finish I take and I would say cut and we'd be done with the take, I would always just here someone cheering and like woo from across the studio where we were shooting it and that one person was my boyfriend Travis. 
'Everything this man touches turns into happiness and find a magic so I want to thank him for adding that to our shoot because I will always remember that.'
It was a history-making night for Taylor as she became the most decorated solo artist ever by earning 30 VMAs. She is technically tied with Beyonce at that number but the Cowboy Carter artist had previously won 2 with her former girl group Destiny's Child.
She added inches to her frame with a pair of strappy black stiletto heels and wore a flawless palette of makeup consisting of a striking blue smoky eyeshadow
To complete her look, Laura styled her blonde tresses in an elegant half-up-half-down hairstyle
Meanwhile, her husband Iain, 36, cut a smart casual figure for the carpet event and sported a classic white T-shirt
Earlier in the night, Taylor was the first artist to take home the coveted Moon Person as the megastar earned the win in the Best Collab category alongside Post Malone.
Taylor and the 29-year-old rapper earned the major win for their music video for the hit single Fortnight.
As the award show landed on the 23rd anniversary of the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks, Taylor did not forget to recognize that dark day when she began her acceptance speech.
She said: 'You guys, I wanted to say waking up this morning in New York on September 11th, I've been thinking about what happened 23 years ago. 
'Everyone who lost a loved one, everyone that we lost, and that's the most important thing about today. And everything that happens tonight.'
He teamed the shirt with a pair of black tailored trousers and a textured black overshirt
During the event, the couple who have been married since 2020, beamed as they got several snaps together
Iain also proudly took snaps of his wife as she posed up a storm on the carpet
Meanwhile, Sabrina Carpenter had the biggest upset of the night as she defeated her mentor Taylor.
The 25-year-old hitmaker earned the coveted Song Of The Year Moon Person over the pop megastar for her smash hit Espresso.
Taylor was nominated for her song Fortnight which was a collaboration with Post Malone. Beyonce 'Texas Hold 'Em', Jack Harlow 'Lovin On Me', Kendrick Lamar 'Not Like Us', and Teddy Swims 'Lose Control' were also nominated. Another one of the biggest awards of the night came with this year's recipient of the legendary Video Vanguard Award in Katy Perry. 
The 39-year-old singer - born Katheryn Elizabeth Hudson - was presented the honor by fiance Orlando Bloom as she planted a massive kiss on him. 
Taylor Swift had Swifties tearing up as she thanked 'magical' boyfriend Travis Kelce while making history by earning her 30th award in her career at the MTV VMAs 2024 on Wednesday night
The 34-year-old megastar made a rare comment about about her Kansas City Chiefs star beau, also 34, as she took home the biggest award of the night Video of the Year. 
It was a massive night for Taylor as she earned seven awards total 
Sabrina Carpenter had the biggest upset of the night as she defeated her mentor Taylor Swift
 The 25-year-old hitmaker earned the coveted Song Of The Year Moon Person over the pop megastar for her smash hit Espresso
Another one of the biggest awards of the night came with this year's recipient of the legendary Video Vanguard Award in Katy Perry
The 39-year-old singer - born Katheryn Elizabeth Hudson - was presented the honor by fiance Orlando Bloom as she planted a massive kiss on him
The coveted Best New Artist prize went to one of the hottest artists of the summer, Chappell Roan, as she beat out an impressive field including Benson Boone, Gracie Abrams, Shaboozey, Teddy Swims, and Tyla
Earlier in the evening Tyla was the big winner as she earned Best Afrobeats for her track Water
Another artist who was recognized was Blackpink's Lisa who earned the Best K-Pop honor for her Rockstar music video
Anitta was also a massive winner as she earned the Best Latin Moon Person for her Mil Veces music video
The Michael Jackson Video Vanguard Award is a merit given to recording artists and music video directors to recognize their 'outstanding contributions' and 'profound impact' on music videos and popular culture. 
Past winners of the Video Vanguard Award include David Bowie, Madonna, Janet Jackson, Beyoncé, Justin Timberlake, Jennifer Lopez, Shakira, and Pink. 
The coveted Best New Artist prize went to one of the hottest artists of the summer, Chappell Roan, as she beat out an impressive field including Benson Boone, Gracie Abrams, Shaboozey, Teddy Swims, and Tyla. 
Earlier in the evening Tyla was the big winner as she earned Best Afrobeats for her track Water. 
Another artist who was recognized was Blackpink's Lisa who earned the Best K-Pop honor for her Rockstar music video.
Anitta was also a massive winner as she earned the Best Latin Moon Person for her Mil Veces music video. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group