British singer-songwriter Rita Ora returns to the stage where she will host the MTV EMAs for the third time tonight (November 10).
This year’s ceremony will take place at Manchester’s Co-op Live on 10 November and will be broadcast live across the globe. The EMAs celebrate the world’s most iconic artists as fans get to vote for their favourites across categories including best song, best artist and best collaboration.
This will be Rita Ora’s third time hosting the EMAs, previously hosting in London in 2017 and Düsseldorf in 2022. The singer said: “I’m over the moon that I get to be back with my MTV family hosting the EMAs for the third time!
READ MORE: MTV EMAs 2024: Exclusive first look of the stage ahead of huge show held in Manchester
“The EMAs stage has become like another home for me, and this year’s show in Manchester is going to be absolutely incredible! We’ve got an amazing lineup of music performances and plenty of surprises in store. We’re all ‘mad fer it!’
During her music career Rita Ora has achieved more than ten billion global streams and 13 Top Ten UK singles. She has also ventured into acting, appearing in the Fifty Shades of Grey film franchise and Kung Fu Panda among others.
The internationally critically acclaimed singer has also served as a judge on X-Factor, The Masked Singer UK and US, and The Voice UK and Australia. Ora has cemented her status as a pop culture icon with a string of critically acclaimed hits. Her distinctive sound and powerful collaborations across TV, film, culture and fashion continue to captivate her global fanbase.
Rita Ora’s chart-topping breakthrough came in 2012 with her feature on DJ Fresh’s “Hot Right Now”. The same year she released her debut album which included iconic Ora songs such as “How We Do (Party)” and “R.I.P.”.
Bruce Gilmer, president of music at Paramount+, said: “The MTV EMAs are taking over Manchester and we can’t think of a better way to supersize this global music event than by bringing back fan-favourite, Rita Ora.”
“Rita’s infectious energy and talent are undeniable, and we’re absolutely certain she will elevate the show to new highs for fans around the world.”
MTV has also announced an eclectic mix of performers for the awards ceremony including award-winning singer-songwriter RAYE, Beautiful Things singer Benson Boone and Lose Control singer Teddy Swims.
This year’s MTV EMAs will also see an array of talented presenters handing out awards. The presenters include film star and rumoured-to-be James Bond Aaron Taylor-Johnson, Emily in Paris’ Lucien Laviscount as well as actor Jodie Turner-Smith who is known for their roles in The Last Ship and Anne Boleyn.
MTV EMA stands for the MTV Europe Music Awards.
The 2024 EMAs will be broadcast live on Sunday 10 November at 9 pm on MTV UK, Channel 5, Pluto TV and will be available to watch on demand on Paramount+ from 12 November.
Taylor Swift has been nominated for a whopping seven awards including Best Artist, Best Live, Best Collaboration with Fortnight ft Post Malone, Best Pop and Biggest Fans.
British Singer-songwriter RAYE has been nominated for three awards: Best UK & Ireland Act, Best Artist, and Best Live.
Other nominees include Sabrina Carpenter, Chappell Roan, Ariana Grande, Charli XCX and many more.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.