The Kidd Kraddick Morning Show

Box office weekend news… Ice Age 6 is now in production… Bhadbabie addresses comments… ‘The Brady Bunch’ kids reunite… and The 67th GRAMMYs nominations
Venom: The Last Dance is still No. 1 after 3 weeks. The movie earned another $16.2M, bringing its domestic box office total to $115M, and $394.2M globally. Debuting at No. 2 with $11.1M was the family-friendly The Best Christmas Pageant Ever, directed by Dallas Jenkins, who brought us The Chosen, and starring 13 Going on 30’s Judy Greer and The Gilmore Girls’ Lauren Graham. In third place with $11M is Heretic, starring Hugh Grant as the villain in this thriller involving two young Mormon missionaries who make the mistake of knocking on his door. The Wild Robot dropped to fourth place with $6.6M. After 7 weeks, this movie has earned $292M worldwide. And in fifth place was Smile 2 with another $5M, and $123.6M globally.
"Heretic" opened this weekend in third place with $11 million. https://t.co/4PSGqms5cu pic.twitter.com/7z6CUFoaWG
At D23 Brazil, Ray Romano, Queen Latifah and John Leguizamo announced they’re all returning for Ice Age 6, made the announcement with a cutesy video, with Ray as woolly mammoth Manny, Latifah as woolly mammoth Ellie, and John as ground sloth Sid. Denis Leary and Simon Pegg are also returning for the sequel, which is currently in production. It’s expected to hit theaters in 2026.
Just announced at #D23Brasil: Ice Age 6 is now in production! ❄️ Ray Romano, John Leguizamo, Queen Latifah, Denis Leary, and Simon Pegg are returning for an all-new big screen adventure. pic.twitter.com/b0lCN3tew5
Bhad Bhabie, aka Danielle Bregoli, has lost a good bit of weight, causing people to speculate that she’s been taking weight loss drugs. She posted on her Instagram, “I’m sorry my cancer medicine made me lose weight. I’m slowly gaining it back. So stop running w the worst narratives.”  A family source confirmed to TMZ that Bhad Bhabie does have cancer and is currently under the care of a doctor, but that’s all the information they have at this time.
Bhad Bhabie reveals she has been diagnosed with cancer in response to people commenting on her weight loss. pic.twitter.com/CQSgJlCjGP
For all the Brady Bunch lovers, this is for you! Five winners and their guests will win brunch inside the Brady Bunch house WITH original cast members! The house used as the facade for the 70s TV series was renovated to look just like TV show’s interior for the HGTV series, A Very Brady Renovation. And now for $25, you can be entered to win roundtrip airfare, transportation, hotel accommodations and meals — plus brunch with the cast, which OF COURSE includes pork chops and applesauce. A portion of the proceeds benefits No Kid Hungry. Enter now through January 31, 2025, at TheBradyExperience.com.
The cast of “The Brady Bunch,” Barry Williams, Christopher Knight and Eve Plumb, join TODAY to celebrate the 55th anniversary of the television show and discuss The Brady Experience. https://t.co/qMJ3z9nWTJ
The Grammys air live on February 2nd on CBS, and the nominations were announced this past Friday. Beyoncé leads with 11, making her the most-nominated artist of all time with 99. And Beyoncé also holds the record for the most Grammy wins with 32. Bilie Eilish, Charli XCX, Post Malone and Kendrick Lamar are tied with 7 nominations. Taylor Swift, Sabrina Carpenter and Chappell Roan got 6, followed by Shaboozey with 5.
Album of the Year:

New Blue Sun, André 3000

Cowboy Carter,  Beyoncé

Short n’ Sweet,  Sabrina Carpenter

Brat,  Charli XCX

Djesse Volume 4,  Jacob Collier

Hit Me Hard and Soft,  Billie Eilish

The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess,  Chappell Roan

The Tortured Poets Department,  Taylor Swift
Song of the Year:

A Bar Song (Tipsy),  Shaboozey

Birds of a Feather,  Billie Eilish

Die with a Smile,  Lady Gaga and Bruno Mars

Fortnight,  Taylor Swift featuring Post Malone

Good Luck, Babe!,  Chappell Roan

Not Like Us,  Kendrick Lamar

Please Please Please,  Sabrina Carpenter

Texas Hold ‘Em,  Beyoncé
Best New Artist:

Benson Boone 

Sabrina Carpenter 

Doechii 

Khruangbin 

RAYE 

Chappell Roan 

Shaboozey 

Teddy Swims

The 67th #GRAMMYs nominations are finally here!  Who do you want to take home GRAMMY Gold on Music’s Biggest Night?View the complete list of nominations and start making your predications: https://t.co/nBca4eqXjM pic.twitter.com/euouwK6DKZ

The Kidd Kraddick Morning Show