The band had originally been slated to perform a string of shows in late 2023. 

													By
												

	Hannah Dailey


Aerosmith is back in business. After taking an unexpected break from the Peace Out farewell tour due to Steven Tyler‘s vocal cord injury in 2023, the band has unveiled a slew of new rescheduled dates slated for this fall and winter.

	The rock icons shared the news on Instagram Wednesday (April 10), confirming that The Black Crowes and Teddy Swims will each join them as support on select dates of the updated trek. Tyler’s first show back with Joe Perry, Brad Whitford, Tom Hamilton and drummer Joey Kramer will take place Sept. 20 in Pittsburgh, Penn., after which they’ll travel through cities across the United States and Canada before wrapping with a Feb. 26 show in Buffalo, N.Y. 

	










	“All previously purchased tickets will be honored for the rescheduled shows – you’ll receive more info via email,” reads Aerosmith’s announcement. “Tickets for the rescheduled dates & newly added shows go on sale Fri 4/12 @ 10AM local at aerosmith.com.”




			Trending on Billboard		






	The news comes more than six months after Aerosmith announced that the remainder of the previously scheduled Peace Out shows were to be postponed indefinitely due to Tyler’s injury, which the band had discovered was “more serious than initially thought.” 

	“I am heartbroken to not be out there with Aerosmith, my brothers and the incredible Black Crowes, rocking with the best fans in the world,” the frontman wrote in a statement at the time. “I promise we will be back as soon as we can.”

	“His doctor has confirmed that in addition to the damage to his vocal cords, he fractured his larynx which requires ongoing care,” the band revealed in a separate statement. “He is receiving the best medical treatment available to ensure his recovery is swift, but given the nature of a fracture, he is being told patience is essential.”

	See Aerosmith’s announcement and new tour dates below.
A post shared by Aerosmith (@aerosmith)
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.