The US chart-topper’s exclusive new track ‘Funeral’ drops tomorrow
NME and Bose have today announced full details for the return of the iconic C-Series mixtape. Check out the artist line-up, tracklist and release date for ‘Bose x NME: C24’ below.
The C-Series was relaunched with ‘Bose x NME: C23’, the definitive showcase of emerging and rising musicians worldwide, in March 2023. Featured artists included King Princess, Genesis Owusu, 070 Shake and more. To celebrate the release, we threw a huge party at SXSW in Austin, Texas complete with high-octane performances from Jockstrap, Flo Milli, Danielle Ponder and other C23 artists.
Earlier this year, Bose and NME confirmed the C-Series would return this summer with a new, star-studded roster of exciting artists. This time, It’s due for release on July 19 – and will feature exclusive tracks from Laufey, Artemas, Royel Otis, Lola Young, Samara Cyn and Teddy Swims.
Alongside them is Tehya, who was hand-picked by the judges of C24’s new artist competition, in association with social music creation platform BandLab, to find an unsigned emerging artist looking for their big break by featuring on the mixtape.
The first track to be shared from the ‘Bose x NME: C24’ mixtape is Teddy Swims’ ‘Funeral’ – an exclusive new single that’s available to stream and download across all major platforms tomorrow (July 12) including Spotify, Apple Music, Amazon and SoundCloud. It follows on from Swims’ hugely successful debut album ‘I’ve Tried Everything But Therapy (Part 1)’ and breakout hit ‘Lose Control’.
‘Funeral’ was written earlier this year, as Swims navigated the chaos of Grammys week by taking to the studio.
“‘Funeral’ is fun, upbeat and it’ll make people want to dance, but there’s a layer of sadness underneath that,” he explained. “I love being able to make music that has joy but is heartbreaking at the same time. We’re finally at the point where we’re honing a certain sound. It’s all about this old soul, Motown feel but modernising that in a way that feels authentic. Songs like ‘Funeral’ just feel right.”
‘Funeral’ is also the subject of a bespoke new Bose x NME limited video series called On Tape, which features Swims getting inked in a London tattoo parlour, and talking about his hard-won rise to stardom, before laying down a scintillating live performance of the song.
The complete tracklist for the ‘Bose x NME: C24’ mixtape is as follows:
1. Teddy Swims – ‘Funeral’
2. Artemas – ‘So Stunning’
3. Laufey – ‘Where Or When’
4. Royel Otis – ‘Nack Nostalgia’
5. Lola Young – ‘I Don’t Mind’
6. Tehya – ‘Peach Pit’
7. Samara Cyn – ‘Loop’
The ‘Bose x NME: C24’ mixtape will be available on streaming platforms on July 19, and can be pre-saved here. A limited run of 150 hand-numbered C24 vinyl and an ultra-limited run of C24 cassette tapes will also be made available.
In addition, a special C24 print edition of NME will be published to coincide with the mixtape’s release, exploring the stories of the featured artists, the creative power of music fandom, and the evolving legacy of the C-Series. For more information, head to nme.com/c24 – and to find out where to get your copy of the print magazine, click here.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.