Mitchell Tenpenny stopped by The Bobby Bones Show to talk about his new album, the meaning behind the title, his favorite memorabilia and more!
The 3rd, Tenpenny’s third album is out now, and the title honors his father and grandfather. His full name is James Mitchell Tenpenny the III, so he felt it was fitting to name his third record The 3rd. The name is also a thank you to his family for always believing in him and supporting his music dreams. His grandfather and father are no longer with us, so this record honors their memory. Tenpenny said he put his heart and soul in the 20 songs on the record, like his current single “Not Today.” He feels that song has an important message that is disguised around a breakup song. He writes a lot of breakup songs even though he is happily married, but “Not Today” came from the feelings of going through a breakup and acknowledging that you’ll get through it, but just not today. “Guess We’ll Never Know” featuring Colbie Caillat was a highlight moment for Tenpenny while creating this record. He shared how he’s been singing along to Caillat’s songs since he was in college and had known her for a few years and had always wanted to work together. He wrote the song with Teddy Swims and when he went into the studio to record it, he kept hearing her voice, so he nervously reached out because he hates asking people for favors and she agreed! There is also a cover of the Goo Goo Dolls “Iris” on the album because he’s been performing it live at his shows for the last few years and it’s become a staple in his setlist. He always ends his shows with his 2019 hit “Drunk Me,” and one day after he finished the song, he continued to play the chords and went into ‘Iris” and the whole crowd started singing along. He tried it again the next night and was met with success, so he continued doing it for the next two years. The song is nostalgic for him and brings out so many feelings that he felt like it fit perfectly on his new album.  
He just had a full circle moment when Brooks & Dunn’s asked him to be a part of their new project, REBOOT PART 2. They are the reason he got into country music, so to be able to work with them was a bucket list moment. He also loved that they trusted him enough to make their song “That Ain’t No Way To Go,” his own. He wanted to have it sound like the original, but they told him they weren’t going to include it unless he made it his own.  
He just received his first CMA Award nomination for New Artist of The Year, which he thought was funny because he’s had three number one songs since his debut one in 2019. He thinks he was able to be considered in that category because he’s never received a nomination before and according to CMA rules, that makes you eligible. He had no idea he was nominated until he woke up to a bunch of congratulation texts. Tenpenny’s currently on his Woke Up In A Dream Tour and headlining is the most fulfilling thing for him. Earlier this year, he did shows with Jordan Davis and joined Luke Combs on his stadium tour. Playing at the stadiums, he would get a new jersey to add to his collection. He has a whole closet full of jerseys that he collects and it’s a big deal for him. His favorite piece of memorabilia from his career so far is the Grand Ole Opry parking sign with his name on it that he got when he made his Opry debut. He has it hanging up next to his wives at his house. He also has an Atlanta Braves Chipper Jones jersey signed by him because he was at the show he played there. He didn’t know he would be there until right before he went on stage, and afterwards he met him, got it signed, and they exchanged numbers and text sometimes.