It's that time of year yet again. Music fans across the world have been waiting for Spotify Wrapped to be confirmed and that release is now official. That means you can head to this popular music app and check out your listening habits over the past year - then share the results with your friends or post them on social media.
It's a hugely popular event but you will need to make sure your iPhone or Android device has the very latest app update installed to get Wrapped.
To check this, just head to the Apple App Store on iOS or the Google Play Store on Android and search for Spotify you can then see if there's an update that needs to be installed.
For those not aware, Spotify Wrapped takes you through an interactive look at the last 11 months. You'll get a full breakdown of your most listened-to artists and songs, which are then ready to share straight to X, Instagram or TikTok.
There's even a new personalised podcast experience for this as well this year.
“From showing users how their taste in music evolved throughout the year to delivering their Wrapped results via a new personalised podcast experience, 2024 Spotify Wrapped is giving fans even more ways to indulge in what they love,” Spotify said in a press release.
“Your tastes and moods change throughout the year—and so does the music you listen to. This new data story reveals the musical phases that uniquely defined your year. Users will receive up to three musical phases, which will be displayed with descriptors, genres and artists.
Like in 2023, select artists have also recorded special thank you videos for fans. Spotify will show you if you are among those musician’s top listeners globally. Participants include Billie Eilish, Usher and Sabrina Carpenter.
Although Wrapped is an incredibly personal viewing for each Spotify customer, Spotify has also revealed the most listened to artists, songs and albums this year in the UK.
Here are the full results.
2024 SPOTIFY WRAPPED UK TOP LISTS
UK Most-Streamed Artists:
Taylor Swift
Drake
Kanye West
Billie Eilish
The Weeknd
Eminem
Sabrina Carpenter
Rihanna
Travis Scott
Noah Kahan
UK Most-Streamed Songs:
“Stick Season” by Noah Kahan
“Espresso” by Sabrina Carpenter
“Beautiful Things” by Benson Boone
“Too Sweet” by Hozier
“Lose Control” by Teddy Swims
“BIRDS OF A FEATHER” by Billie Eilish
“Good Luck, Babe!” by Chappell Roan
“A Bar Song (Tipsy)” by Shaboozey
“Please Please Please” by Sabrina Carpenter
“Austin (Boots Stop Workin’)” by Dasha
UK Most-Streamed Albums:
THE TORTURED POETS DEPARTMENT: THE ANTHOLOGY by Taylor Swift
Short n’ Sweet by Sabrina Carpenter
Stick Season by Noah Kahan
HIT ME HARD AND SOFT by Billie Eilish
1989 (Taylor’s Version) by Taylor Swift
Fireworks & Rollerblades by Benson Boone
The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess by Chappell Roan
GUTS by Olivia Rodrigo
Lover by Taylor Swift
Eternal Sunshine by Ariana Grande
UK Top Podcasts:
The Joe Rogan Experience
The Diary Of A CEO with Steven Bartlett
The Rest Is Football
The Rest Is Politics
The Rest Is History
The Louis Theroux Podcast
Off Menu with Ed Gamble and James Acaster
The Rest Is Entertainment
Parenting Hell with Rob Beckett and Josh Widdicombe
Call Her Daddy
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.