By Denise Petski 
Senior Managing Editor

UPDATE Nov. 14, with additional performers: Kelsea Ballerini, Brooks & Dunn, Eric Church, and Luke Combs are among the latest round of performers announced for The 58th Annual CMA Awards, along with Riley Green, Jelly Roll, Cody Johnson, Ella Langley, Noah Kahan, Megan Moroney, Kacey Musgraves, and Bailey Zimmerman.

	The latest round of performers was announced today.

UPDATE Nov. 7, with presenters: Dierks Bentley, Luke Bryan and Chris Stapleton are among the performers announced today for the The 58th Annual CMA Awards.





	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	













	News
	



	
		
					Peabody Award Winners Include 'Baby Reindeer', 'Ripley', 'Fantasmas' & 'Will & Harper'		
			















	News
	



	
		
					Tony Awards Nominations Snubs And Surprises: 'Othello', Denzel Washington, Jake Gyllenhaal And  Kieran Culkin Don't Make The Cut		
			







	The Country Music Association and ABC announced the initial lineup of performers this morning. In addition to Bentley, Bryan and Stapleton, the roster includes Sierra Hull, Bronwyn Keith-Hynes, Ashley McBryde, Post Malone, Shaboozey, Teddy Swims, Thomas Rhett, Molly Tuttle, and Lainey Wilson. 

	










			Watch on Deadline		






	Additional performers and presenters will be announced in the weeks ahead.

PREVIOUS, Sept. 30: Lainey Wilson will be joining returning Luke Bryan and Peyton Manning as co-hosts of the 58th Annual CMA Awards. The Country Music Association’s trophy show is set to air live from Nashville’s Bridgestone Arena on Wednesday, Nov. 20  from 8-11 PM PST on ABC and next day on Hulu.

	Wilson, winner of the 2023 CMA Awards Entertainer of the Year Award, the CMA’s highest honor, is up for four awards this year, including Entertainer of the Year, female vocalist of the year, single of the year for “Watermelon Moonshine” and music video of the year for “Wildflowers and Wild Horses”.

	Bryan is returning as co-host for his fourth time and Manning for his third. 

	Morgan Wallen leads all nominees this year with seven, four for his collaboration “I Had Some Help” with Post Malone. Cody Johnson and Chris Stapleton follow with five nominations, and Louis Bell, Luke Combs, Charlie Handsome, Hoskins, Jelly Roll, Megan Moroney and Kacey Musgraves followed with three nominations.

	In addition to Wilson, nominees for CMA Entertainer of the Year, are Combs, Jelly Roll, Stapleton and Wallen. See the full list of nominations here. 

	Performers and presenters for the 2024 awards show  will be announced in the coming weeks. 

The 58th Annual CMA Awards is a production of the Country Music Association. Robert Deaton is the executive producer; Alan Carter is the director, and Jon Macks is the head writer.
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.