Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
 Shayne Ward has delayed his wedding because of Strictly Come Dancing. The former Coronation Street star and The X Factor winner and his partner Sophie Austin - who are parents to Willow, eight, and two-year-old Reign - had been planning to tie the knot later this year, but have now postponed their nuptials after he was approached to take part in the "incredible" dance contest. 
 He told the Sunday Mirror: "It'll be happening. Sophie and I were actually looking at the end of this year, but we couldn't because this incredible show happened." And the 39-year-old star insisted former Hollyoaks actress Sophie doesn't mind because she was the one who had encouraged him to take part. 
 He said: "It was actually Sophie who put me forward for the show. For many years she's talked about Strictly, she loves, loves the show, so every year the music would come on and she'd whisper: 'You'd be good at this'. 
 "She always had that belief in me, she'd say: 'I just think you'd really enjoy it, and I want people to see you'. This year she said to me: 'Can I please put your name forward?' and I said: 'Yeah' because it felt like the right time. 
 "So she did, and now I'm so happy I said yes because it's one of the best things I've ever done." 
 Shayne is particularly happy that his daughter is rehearsing for a dance competition of her own so they have been very supportive of one another. 
The singer and actor has faced some backlash following his debut on the show. He revealed he had a knock after receiving criticism online as some viewers thought he was “over confident”, when in fact he felt “terrified” before the performance.
On Saturday night, he returned with a striking tango with his partner Nancy Xu to The Door by Teddy Swims, which landed him a score of 31 and also brought his overall total to 52.
Judge Shirley Ballas praised the routine and told him to keep his confidence up and to hold his “head high”.