British wrestler Joe Hendry has told Taylor Swift to "have a week off" as his viral song could top the UK charts.
The former Impact Wrestling Digital Media Champion has his eye on the No 1 spot and rallied fans in a wild push for chart dominance. Hendry has already claimed the top spot on iTunes in the UK but one final push could see him become the first chart-topping professional wrestler.
The British Senior Championship wrestling gold medalist beat Sabrina Carpenter, Teddy Swims and Hozier to make his I Believe in Joe Hendry tune the best-selling song in the UK, and now the Edinburgh-born wrestler is telling Taylor Swift to step aside.
READ MORE: 15-time WWE champion hits out at 'obsessed' UK talent ahead of TNA title fight
Click here for the latest news and updates on wrestling.
Speaking to the Daily Star, Hendry said: "I think Taylor Swift and Hozier deserve a week off and I'm more than than happy and willing to send them off on holiday.
"They can have it back in a week's time. But you know what, I think they should let Joe Hendry have that top spot for a week. Let's make some history."
If the TNA alumni makes it to No 1 it will be the first time in chart history a professional wrestler has claimed the top spot. The highest charting song from any wrestler so far is the 1992 nostalgia bait of Slam Jam which featured the likes of British Bulldog and Bret "The Hitman" Hart.
Slam Jam peaked at number four in the charts but Hendry is pushing for No 1 after seeing the massive fan reaction to the tune. "I had a bunch of tweets telling me that I'd got into the iTunes charts and I thought, 'no way'," he said.
"I had a look and I got to number 20 on the UK charts and I was just over the moon with that. I tweeted it out and then fans all over the world started to get behind it and push it even further. It's number two in Ireland, number one in Malta, two in Bahrain. It peaked at number six on the US iTunes charts, which is insane for a professional wrestler and Scottish artist."
It is not just about a chart-topping victory for potential history-maker Hendry but "karma" for Bono and U2's infamous iPhone antics of 2014. He wrote on Twitter: "Me outselling U2 is karma for them pre-installing their music on my iPhone."
The Irish rock outfit caused a stir when their 2014 album, Songs of Innocence, was downloaded to Apple devices whether its user wanted it or not. Hendry has Bono in his sights and says the pair are "not square yet."
"I don't know if justice will ever be served for Bono putting his music on my phone without me wanting it there. I might need to do a couple more releases until we're even, but Bono, we're not square yet."
With the final chart ranking set for release tomorrow (Friday, May 3), Hendry has thanked the fans for "a lot of fun" in seeing the viral song rise up the charts. He is not the only wrestler to have dabbled in music as the likes of John Cena, Hulk Hogan and Chris Jericho all trying their hand at expressing themselves through song, though none were as successful as gold medallist Hendry.
For the latest breaking news stories and incredible tales from the Daily Star, sign up for our newsletter by clicking here.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.