There's just 19 days to go...
Reading & Leeds is around the corner, and the festival have shared their guide to everything you need to know – take a look at all the essential info below.
There’s just 19 days to go until the twin festivals return, where Liam Gallagher, Lana Del Rey, Blink-182, Fred Again.., Gerry Cinnamon and Catfish & The Bottlemen will headline the 2024 edition.
Other acts set to join include 21 Savage, Jorja Smith, Denzel Curry, Kenny Beats, Beabadoobee, Kenya Grace, Nia Archives, Two Door Cinema Club, Fontaines D.C., Reneé Rapp, Pendulum, Teddy Swims, Kid Kapichi, FLO and more.
Excitingly, this year will also feature two new stages: Chevron and The Aux. The latter will showcase “pioneering digital creators” and will allow festival-goers to attend live podcasts, interactive talks, and livestreams and tune into the current media landscape.
Meanwhile, Chevron will replace the festivals’ dual main stage format and will boast the world’s first outdoor floating LED video sky canopy. Reading & Leeds boss Melvin Benn has described the stage as “groundbreaking”, where the 40,000-capacity open-air venue will also host the world’s biggest silent disco with The Prodigy, Sonny Fodera and Skrillex as headliners.
Tickets are on sale now for both locations and are available for purchase here (for Reading) and here (for Leeds) – here’s everything to know about your visit:
All weekend tickets for Reading & Leeds include camping, however there are several different accommodation options when attending the festival depending on your preference, these include:
For more information, head to the festival’s ‘Where to Stay’ page.
Sam Fender performs on day 1 of Reading Festival 2023. CREDIT: Joseph Okpako/WireImage
Josh Franceschi of You Me at Six performs on day 1 of Reading Festival 2023 at Richfield Avenue on August 25, 2023 in Reading, England. (Photo by Joseph Okpako/WireImage)
Be sure to visit the info page here. To make the most of your festival experience, here are some essential tips:
Banned items
You can view the full list of banned items here. Please do familiarise yourself with them, some examples are:
Sustainable swaps
By incorporating the following into your festival packing, you’ll not only have a comfortable time but also contribute to a more sustainable festival:
Sign up to stay in the ECO camp, which was left absolutely spotless last year. After completely selling out early in 2023, R&L has maintained its eco-conscious offerings, providing a unique experience for like-minded eco-friendly campers who believe in leaving no trace. Act quickly and visit here to secure your spot!
Rina Sawayama performs on day 3 of Reading Festival 2023 at Richfield Avenue on August 27, 2023 in Reading, England (CREDIT: Joseph Okpako/WireImage)
The festival has put in place all necessary measures to maximise public safety, working closely with local authorities at the highest level. For full safeguarding info see here.
The place to get up-to-date set times and info is via the Reading & Leeds Festival App. These are updated throughout the weekend with new info, exciting offers, safety messaging and more – so make sure you’ve downloaded this before arrival.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.