By NIOMI HARRIS FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  10:12, 7 November 2024   |  Updated:  10:47, 7 November 2024   
View  comments
The Day Two line-up for Capital’s Jingle Bell Ball with Barclaycard has been revealed on Thursday.
The radio's annual Christmas bonanza is set to take place on December 7 and 8 at The O2 Arena and already a stellar line-up for day one has been announced, with the likes of Coldplay and Little Mix's Perrie Edwards gearing up to perform.
And now, Capital Breakfast's Jordan North, Chris Stark and Sian Welby confirmed the second day performers for the bumper music event, revealing that iconic pop superstar Katy Perry will headline the stage on December 8.
Joining Katy for the festive event are Brit award-winning singer Becky Hill and musician and YouTube star KSI.
As one of the best-selling music artists of all time, Katy, 40, will no doubt leave music lovers thrilled as she belts out her huge back catalogue with tracks including Roar, Dark Horse, Firework and Teenage Dream.
The Day Two line-up for Capital’s Jingle Bell Ball with Barclaycard has been revealed on Thursday, with the likes of Katy Perry, Becky Hill and KSI leading the way
Capital Breakfast's Jordan North , Chris Stark and Sian Welby confirmed the second day performers for the bumper music event, revealing that iconic pop superstar Katy Perry will headline the stage on December 8
Meanwhile, Becky will take the 02 by storm with her plethora of chart-topping dance tracks, including Lose Control and My Heart Goes. 
While Hip-Hop sensation returns to the Jingle Bell Ball following his recently released his brand new single Thick Of It.
Tom Grennan, who is part of the night one line-up, will be back for another night of entertainment, with the singer-songwriter set to belt out huge tracks including Little Bit of Love and Lionheart.
Dance fans will also be in for a treat on the night as a host of top DJ's have been added to the line-up, led by world-renowned DJ Joel Corry, who first rose to prominence thanks to his enormous hit Sorry back in 2019.
Producer, hitmaker and DJ Kygo will make his debut at the event giving Capital listeners are chance to hear live performances of his chart-topping hits including Higher Love with Whitney Houston and It Ain’t Me (feat. Selena Gomez).
While also performing at the festive bash for the very first time is internationally renowned house producer, Sonny Fodera, who'll no doubt raise the roof with plays of his huge tracks such as Turn Back Time, Closer, and You & I.
Tickets for Capital's Jingle Bell Ball with Barclaycard - billed as the UK’s biggest Christmas party - will be available to purchase on Global Player.
General tickets will go on sale to the public at 9am on November, Friday, 8.
Becky will take the 02 by storm with her plethora of chart-topping dance tracks, including Lose Control and My Heart Goes
Hip-Hop sensation returns to the Jingle Bell Ball following his recently released his brand new single Thick Of It
Tom Grennan, who is part of the night one line-up, will be back for another night of entertainment, with the singer-songwriter set to belt out huge tracks including Little Bit of Love and Lionheart
Dance fans will also be in for a treat on the night as a host of top DJ's have been added to the line-up, led by world-renowned DJ Joel Corry
Producer, hitmaker and DJ Kygo will make his debut at the event, giving Capital listeners are chance to hear live performances of his chart-topping hits
While also performing at the festive bash for the very first time is internationally renowned house producer, Sonny Fodera
Those who are logged into Global Player are able to get exclusive pre-sale access to tickets on Thursday November,7, at 9am.
You can get a 10 percent discount when you pay with your Barclaycard or Barclays Premier Card Card (via Barclaycard Entertainment or the Global Player link).
Jingle Bell Ball 2024 will be returning on December 7 and 8 and will be streamed live on Global Player.
Capital Breakfast's Jordan North, Sian Welby & Chris Stark shared their joy at the line-up on Wednesday, remarking: 'What an amazing morning on Capital Breakfast! 
'We've just dropped the line-up for night one of Capital's Jingle Bell Ball with Barclaycard, and the excitement is through the roof! 
'It's Jordan's first ever Jingle Bell Ball, and we can't wait to get everyone in the festive spirit.' 
The radio's annual Christmas bonanza's stellar line-up for day one has been already announced, with the likes of Coldplay and Little Mix's Perrie Edwards gearing up to perform
Ashley Tabor-King OBE, Founder & Executive President of Global, said: 'It’s the most wonderful time of the year, when we fill London’s O2 Arena with the biggest hit music artists in the world and thousands of Capital fans for the UK’s biggest Christmas party! 
'It’s such a special event and I’m particularly looking forward to Jordan hosting his first Jingle Bell Ball, with Barclaycard!'
While James Rea, Chief Broadcasting & Content Officer at Global, added: 'Capital’s Jingle Bell Ball with Barclaycard is where unforgettable moments happen. 
'With Coldplay, Katy Perry, Teddy Swims, Becky Hill, and more, this year’s shows are the perfect way for our listeners to kick off the festive season, celebrating alongside the world’s biggest stars. We can’t wait for the party to begin!'

	    Share what you think
          
No comments have so far been submitted. Why not be the first to send us your thoughts,
      or debate this issue live on our message boards.
      

By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group