By
Clayton Edwards
Jelly Roll has been everywhere this year. He recently wrapped his nationwide tour, did some international dates, and appeared on nearly every country music awards show in 2024. However, the “Save Me” singer isn’t done yet. Later this month, he’ll perform during the Billboard Music Awards.
Earlier today (December 5), Billboard announced that Jelly Roll will perform at the 2024 Billboard Music Awards. The rapper-turned-country singer will join previously-announced performers SEVENTEEN, Coldplay, Teddy Swims, and Tyla.
[RELATED: Jelly Roll, Kane Brown Will Headline Nashville’s Big Bash This New Year’s Eve]
Jelly Roll is also going into the awards show with three nominations. He’s up for Top Song Sales Artist, Top Rock Artist, and “All My Life,” his collaboration with Falling in Reverse is up for Top Hard Rock Song.
The BBMAs air next Thursday (December 12) at 8 ET/PT on Fox. Additionally, the show will be available to stream on Fire TV Channels on Amazon streaming devices. It will also be available to watch on-demand on Paramount+. Performances from the evening will also appear across Billboard and BBMA social media accounts.
The Billboard Music Awards won’t be Jelly Roll’s final high-profile performance this year. He’ll be one of four headliners at this year’s New Year’s Eve Live: Nashville’s Big Bash. He will share headlining duties with Kane Brown and Keith Urban who will also co-host the event.
Nashville’s Big Bash will take place on December 31 at Nashville’s Bicentennial Capitol Mall State Park. It will air on CBS from 8 to 10 ET/PT. Then, CBS stations will take a half-hour break for the evening news. The coverage of the event will continue at 10:30 and run until 1:30 am New Year’s Day.
Those who don’t have cable be able to watch Nashville’s Big Bash live on Paramount + with the Showtime add-on. Subscribers without the add-on will be able to stream the show on-demand the next day.
At this time, the rest of the lineup for the big event hasn’t been announced. However, if it is anything like the last few years, fans can expect performances from some of the biggest names in country music. Last year’s show featured performances from Lainey Wilson, Blake Shelton, and many more.
Featured Image by Theo Wargo/Getty Images
Only members can comment. Become a member. Already a member? Log in.
Before the Fame, Eddie Van Halen Experienced and Overcame a “Horrifying Racist Environment”
3 One-Hit Wonder Novelty Songs From the 50s and 60s That You Know by Heart
3 Bizarre Album Covers From the 90s That Had To Be Changed To Sell in Stores

			© 2025 American Songwriter			American Songwriter: a Savage Ventures Brand