Justin Timberlake's return as a solo recording artist could net him a 27th U.K. top 40 appearance.

													By
												

	Lars Brandle


Noah Kahan season isn’t winding down anytime soon in the United Kingdom.

	Based on sales and streaming data published by the Official Charts Company, Kahan’s “Stick Season” (via Republic Records) is on track for a fifth straight week at No. 1. 

	Should the Vermont singer and songwriter’s standout single hang on for another week at the top, “Stick Season” would be the first track to reign over the U.K. chart for five consecutive weeks since Doja Cat’s “Paint The Town Red,” according to the OCC.






	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Ariana Grande		
					






















	
		
					Jack Harlow		
					






















	
		
					Justin Timberlake		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

Sophie Ellis-Bextor’s “Murder on the Dancefloor” (Polydor) keeps shuffling, thanks to its exposure to new audiences in the dark drama Saltburn. It’s expected to hold at No. 2, its peak position logged following its release back in 2001.

	












	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	







Teddy Swims continues to make a splash with “Lose Control” (Atlantic), which is set for a career-best chart position. “Lose Control” lifts 6-3 on the chart update, ahead of Jack Harlow’s “Lovin On Me” (up 5-4 via Atlantic) and Ariana Grande’s “Yes, And” (down 4-5 via Republic Records).




			Trending on Billboard		






	British rapper Skepta should score the top debut on the chart, with “Newgas Me Up (Diligent)” (via Big Smoke/Epic). It’s new at No. 29 on the chart blast, and is right on track to land the Mercury Prize winning grime star his 22nd U.K. top 40. 

	Finally, Justin Timberlake’s return as a solo recording artist could net him a 27th top 40 appearance on the U.K. singles tally. Timberlake’s “Selfish” (RCA) appears at No. 35 on the midweek chart, and is the first track lifted from his sixth solo album, titled Everything I Thought It Was. EITIW is slated for release on March 15.

	The Official U.K. Singles Chart is published Friday, Feb. 2.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.