"Teddy Swims defies genres, making him truly unique in today's music landscape," says Warner Records evp of promotion and commerce Mike Chester.

													By
												

	Gary Trust


Teddy Swims’ “Lose Control” adds another No. 1 to its uncommonly impressive résumé of radio chart coronations, as it rises to the top of Billboard’s Adult Contemporary survey (dated Aug. 3).

	The song, on SWIMS Int./Warner Records, rules a fifth airplay ranking, as it led the all-format Radio Songs chart, Pop Airplay, Adult Pop Airplay and Adult R&B Airplay prior to its Adult Contemporary takeover.

	(Also notably, the track halts Miley Cyrus’ record 57-week Adult Contemporary reign with “Flowers.”)

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	“Lose Control” becomes just the fifth song to have reached No. 1 on the five charts, and the first in nearly a decade, after the first four led in 2014-16. Here’s a recap of the elite such crossover hits (dating to the early/mid-1990s, when the bulk of Billboard’s airplay charts began).

“Lose Control,” Teddy Swims:

“Hello,” Adele:

“Stay With Me,” Sam Smith:

“Happy,” Pharrell Williams:

“All of Me,” John Legend:

	Prior to topping the five airplay charts noted above, “Lose Control” also ascended to a No. 2 peak on Adult Alternative Airplay in January. It joins only Adele’s “Hello” and Sam Smith’s “Stay With Me” in having led Radio Songs, Pop Airplay, Adult Pop Airplay, Adult R&B Airplay and Adult Contemporary and having reached the top two on Adult Alternative Airplay, reflecting rare support at formats ranging from pop and adult to R&B and rock. (“Hello” and “Stay With Me” each hit No. 1 on Adult Alternative Airplay.)

	Meanwhile, as “Lose Control” led the all-genre, multimetric Billboard Hot 100 for a week in March, it and “Hello” are the only songs to have topped the Hot 100 and the five airplay charts listed above.

	“Teddy Swims is a once-in-a-generation talent who defies genres, making him truly unique in today’s music landscape,” says Warner evp of promotion and commerce Mike Chester. “When we began promoting ‘Lose Control,’ our journey was carefully planned. From the start, we noticed that the song was resonating in various pockets of culture, creating a strong and diverse fanbase. Our digital department played a crucial role, setting the groundwork for the song’s growth; shoutout to [the division’s] Randall Telfer.

	“We understood that ‘Lose Control’ needed time to evolve before we could successfully introduce it to other formats, like adult R&B,” Chester adds. “Special thanks to Ron Stewart, our head of urban radio, for crafting an ideal strategy, alongside Josh Reich [pop], Rob Goldklang [rock/alternative] and Michelle Babbitt [adult]. Teddy Swims has a timeless voice that breaks boundaries, and we wanted to ensure his music reached as wide an audience as possible without being confined to a specific genre.”
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.