By
Em Casalena
Reading & Leeds is going to be huge this year, and even more artists have been added to the already massive lineup! The UK dual-festival will now feature Teddy Swims, FLO, Jessie Murph, Kid Kapichi, and dozens more have been added to the lineup. Artists headlining the huge pair of music festivals include Blink-182, Lana Del Rey, Liam Gallagher, Fred Again.., Catfish And The Bottlemen, Gerry Cinnamon, and 21 Savage. Big names like Two Door Cinema Club, The Prodigy, Renee Rapp, Spiritbox, Skrillex, and many more will be performing as well.
Reading & Leeds 2024 will kick off on Friday, August 23 in Leeds, UK at Bramham Park and Reading, UK  at Richfield Avenue. The four-day set of festivals will close on Sunday, August 25.
A post shared by Reading & Leeds Festival (@officialrandl)
Tickets to Reading & Leeds 2024 can be found through the festivals’ website. While this will be the main hub for buying tickets, festivalgoers can also find tickets on Viagogo, Stubhub, and Ticketmaster.
We recommend Viagogo for scoring last-minute tickets, especially for major music festivals in non-US countries like Reading & Leeds. Viagogo often has tickets to sold-out festival dates for decent prices. Definitely check it out!
You can also try Stubhub if all else fails. Your purchase will be backed by the FanProtect Program, so there’s no need to worry about fake tickets or potential scams.
Get your tickets to these killer music festivals now, before they’re totally gone!
Friday, August 23 – Leeds, UK – Bramham Park
Friday, August 23 – Reading, UK – Richfield Avenue
Saturday, August 24 – Leeds, UK – Bramham Park
Saturday, August 24 – Reading, UK – Richfield Avenue
Sunday, August 25 – Leeds, UK – Bramham Park
Sunday, August 25 – Reading, UK – Richfield Avenue
Photo courtesy of Teddy Swims
When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission.
Only members can comment. Become a member. Already a member? Log in.
Before the Fame, Eddie Van Halen Experienced and Overcame a “Horrifying Racist Environment”
3 One-Hit Wonder Novelty Songs From the 50s and 60s That You Know by Heart
3 Bizarre Album Covers From the 90s That Had To Be Changed To Sell in Stores

			© 2025 American Songwriter			American Songwriter: a Savage Ventures Brand