By CHLOE LOUISE FOR MAILONLINE  
 Published:  19:32, 6 November 2024   |  Updated:  19:38, 6 November 2024   
 2
View  comments
Capital's iconic Jingle Bell Ball 2024 is back and bigger than ever. 
This November will see Grammy Award-winners Coldplay, Little Mix's Perrie and  DJ Sigala leading the stars at the UK's most-celebrated Christmas party.
Packed each year with the best and upcoming stars and catchiest tunes in the industry, the event is set to take place on December 7 and 8 at The O2 Arena.
Teddy Swims, Clean Bandit, Ella Henderson and Tom Grennan will take to the stage on night one of the festive do.
Taking to the stage on the following day are to be confirmed live on Capital Breakfast with Jordan North, Chris Stark and Sian Welby on Thursday November 7, at 7am.
Capital's iconic Jingle Bell Ball 2024 is back and bigger than ever. This November will see Grammy Award-winners Coldplay , Little Mix's Perrie and DJ Sigala leading the stars at the UK's most-celebrated Christmas party
Packed each year with the best and upcoming stars and catchiest tunes in the industry, the event is set to take place on December 7 and 8 at The O2 Arena
So, with this year's extravaganza happening in just a matter of day, here's everything known about the upcoming Capital's Jingle Bell Ball. 
The Grammy award-winning group Coldplay is coming to London to give fans taste of their upcoming UK tour.
Tom Grennan is hitting the stage once again after he performed in 2023 with his  number one hit Not Over Yet, collaborated with KSI, which debuted on the Sky VIP Big Top 40.
Returning after six years, Little Mix's Perrie Edwards will take to the stage one again to give a live performance of her upcoming hit, Me, Myself and You - which will be released on Friday. 
Ella Henderson will also be treating her fans to a little festive performance after she released her latest single Filthy Rich. 
Musical group Clean Bandit will make their debut and perform their latest hits to join in on the big party.
American singer-songwriter, Teddy Swims, is making an appearance with his hottest tracks.
Sigala will be igniting the party with his sensational music and deliver a spectacle with his massive hits on the decks.
Teddy Swims, Clean Bandit, Ella Henderson and Tom Grennan will take to the stage on night one of the festive do
So, with this year's extravaganza happening in just a matter of day, here's everything known about the upcoming Capital's Jingle Bell Ball
Returning after six years, Little Mix's Perrie Edwards will take to the stage one again to give a live performance of her upcoming hit, Me, Myself and You - which will be released on Friday
American singer-songwriter, Teddy Swims, is making an appearance with his hottest tracks
Tom Grennan is hitting the stage once again after he performed in 2023 with his number one hit Not Over Yet, collaborated with KSI, which debuted on the Sky VIP Big Top 40
Tickets for Capital's Jingle Bell Ball with Barclaycard will be available to purchase on Global Player.
General tickets will go on sale to the public at 9am on November, Friday, 8.
Those who are logged into Global Player are able to get exclusive pre-sale access to tickets on Thursday November,7, at 9am.
You can get a 10 percent discount when you pay with your Barclaycard or Barclays Premier Card Card (via Barclaycard Entertainment or the Global Player link).
Jingle Bell Ball 2024 will be returning on December 7 and 8 and will be streamed live on Global Player.
Capital Breakfast's Jordan North, Sian Welby & Chris Stark said: 'What an amazing morning on Capital Breakfast! 
'We've just dropped the line-up for night one of Capital's Jingle Bell Ball with Barclaycard, and the excitement is through the roof! 
Sigala will be igniting the party with his sensational music and deliver a spectacle with his massive hits on the decks
'It's Jordan's first ever Jingle Bell Ball, and we can't wait to get everyone in the festive spirit. 
'There are even more huge names to come for night two, so make sure you're listening tomorrow – it's going to be epic!'
Ashley Tabor-King OBE, Founder & Executive President of Global, said: 'It’s the most wonderful time of the year, when we fill London’s O2 Arena with the biggest hit music artists in the world and thousands of Capital fans for the UK’s biggest Christmas party! 
'It’s such a special event and I’m particularly looking forward to Jordan hosting his first Jingle Bell Ball, with Barclaycard!'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group