By 

	Larisha Paul


	One dozen additional performers have been added to the lineup for the 2024 CMA Awards, scheduled for Wednesday, Nov. 20. Kacey Musgraves, Luke Combs, and Noah Kahan will take the stage at Nashville’s Bridgestone Arena, plus Kelsea Ballerini, Brooks & Dunn, Eric Church, Riley Green, Jelly Roll, Cody Johnson, Ella Langley, Megan Moroney, and Bailey Zimmerman.

	Musgraves will perform “The Architect” from her latest album Deeper Well, which is nominated for Album of the Year. Combs, who earned nods for Entertainer of the Year and Album of the Year for Fathers & Sons, will perform “Ain’t No Love in Oklahoma” from the Twisters soundtrack. Fittingly, for his first-ever CMA Awards, Zimmerman is slated to perform “New to Country.” He’s nominated for New Artist of the Year.

	Moroney, another New Artist of the Year nominee, will perform “Am I Okay,” while Ballerini and Kahan plan to take the stage with their duet “Cowboys Cry Too.” Jelly Roll will perform “Believe” with Brooks & Dunn, while Langley and Green are set to hit the stage with “You Look Like You Love Me.” 

	











	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Elon Musk: It Is ‘Outrageous’ to ‘Claim That I’m a Nazi’		
	









	
	
		
					'SNL' Weekend Update Roasts Trump's Pope Dream, Stock Market Pleas		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	








	The new batch of country stars join previously announced performers Post Malone, Shaboozey, Chris Stapleton, Teddy Swims, Dierks Bentley, Sierra Hull, Bronwyn Keith-Hynes, Ashley McBryde, Thomas Rhett, and Molly Tuttle. Luke Bryan and Lainey Wilson, who are co-hosting the show with Peyton Manning, will also perform. 

	The 2024 CMA Awards slate is a mostly accurate reflection of the year in country, but fans in the show’s comments section across social media have taken to pointing out what feels to them as a glaring omission from the performance lineup: the night’s most nominated artist, Morgan Wallen. Two of his biggest collaborators this year, Eric Church and Post Malone, will take the stage. Wallen has not yet joined the slate and it remains unclear whether he will in the week leading up to the show. 
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.