There are nine celebs remaining on "Dancing with the Stars" for season 33, and tonight they'll pay tribute to someone or something that is important in their lives. The songs and dance styles for "Dedication Night" are below. Watch our video above where we discuss our expectations for the night's routines and recap what we thought about last week's show.
Super Bowl Champion Danny Amendola and pro Witney Carson will perform a Contemporary to “Unsteady (Erich Lee Gravity Remix)” by X Ambassadors and dedicating the routine to former NCAA head football coach Mike Leach.
“The Bachelor” Joey Graziadei and pro Jenna Johnson will perform a Viennese Waltz to “Lose Control” by Teddy Swims and dedicating the routine to Joey’s fiancée, Kelsey Anderson.
NBA Champion Dwight Howard and pro Daniella Karagach will perform a Rumba to “Shoot For The Stars” by Dwight Howard and dedicating the routine to Dwight’s children.
TV star Chandler Kinney and pro Brandon Armstrong will perform a Contemporary to “I Hope You Dance” by Lee Ann Womack and dedicating the routine to Chandler’s mother.
Olympian rugby player Ilona Maher and pro Alan Bersten will perform a Rumba to “My Way” by Yseult and dedicating the routine to Ilona’s U.S. women’s national rugby sevens team.
Model and cover girl Brooks Nader and pro Gleb Savchenko will perform a Salsa to “Mi Gente” by J Balvin and Willy William and dedicating the routine to Brooks’ sisters.
Olympian gymnast Stephen Nedoroscik and pro Rylee Arnold will perform an Argentine Tango to “Seven Nation Army” by The White Stripes and dedicating the routine to men’s gymnastics.
Reality royalty Phaedra Parks and pro Val Chmerkovskiy will perform a Rumba to “Because You Loved Me” by Céline Dion and dedicating the routine to Phaedra’s mother.
“The Bachelorette” Jenn Tran and pro Sasha Farber will perform a Foxtrot to “The Archer” by Taylor Swift and dedicating the routine to Taylor Swift.
In addition to the above routines, Derek Hough and his wife Hayley Hough will perform to Benson Boone's "Beautiful Things" to celebrate her return to the ballroom after she suffered a cranial hematoma in late 2023. Meanwhile, three-time Mirror Ball champion Mark Ballas will join Derek Hough, Carrie Ann Inaba, and Bruno Tonioli at the judges' table. And the judges will visit with the celebs during rehearsals to share their insights. Who do you think will get the highest score, who will get the lowest score, and who (if anyone) will ultimately be eliminated after judges' scores and viewer votes are added together? Make or update your predictions here before tonight's show.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…
Take a trip back to the Academy Awards ceremonies of the recent past with Gold Derby’s Oscars Playback series. Hosts Joyce Eng and Christopher Rosen recap every Oscar ceremony of the 1990s and 2000s. Joyce and Chris tackle the highs and lows of each show and see how the winners aged. It’s a wonderful night for Oscar, whenever you watch!

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media