Danny Amendola and Witney Carson compete during "Hair Metal Night" on "Dancing With the Stars" on Oct. 8, 2024, on ABC and Disney+.Disney
Couples on “Dancing With the Stars” will “honor influential figures/institutions in their lives through heartfelt performances” during “Dedication Night.”
Three-time Mirrorball champion, Mark Ballas, will return as a guest judge.
“Dancing With the Stars” airs at 8 p.m. Tuesday, Oct. 15, 2024, on ABC and Disney+.
“This week, judges will visit the couples during rehearsals to assess their progress as we near the halfway point in the competition and offer feedback on how they can improve to enhance their chances of winning the Len Goodman Mirrorball Trophy,” ABC said.
The nine couples and their dance styles and songs are:
Viewers can vote at dwtsvote.abc.com or by text.
“Dancing with the Stars” is co-hosted by Alfonso Ribeiro and Julianne Hough. Judges are Carrie Ann Inaba, Bruno Tonioli and Derek Hough.
Rylee Arnold and Stephen Nedoroscik compete during "Hair Metal Night" on "Dancing With the Stars" on Oct. 8, 2024, on ABC and Disney+.Disney
What is fubo?
FuboTV is a streaming service that offers more than 100 live and on-demand channels and includes cloud DVR. FuboTV has a seven-day free trial. Channels include AMC, E!, HGTV, ESPN, NBC Sports, NFL Network, FS1, MSNBC, Food Network, Great American Living, Magnolia Network, Animal Planet, Bravo, FX, CMT, Comedy Central and Hallmark. The Pro plan is $79.99 a month, Elite is $89.99 a month and Premier is $99.99 a month. Add-ons include EPIX, Showtime and Starz.
What is DirecTV Stream?
DirecTV Stream provides access to more than 100 channels, hundreds of on-demand titles, the ability to stream through three devices at once, and unlimited Cloud DVR storage. Channels include ABC, HGTV, Hallmark, Bravo, BET, Discovery, Food Network, AMC, Animal Planet, CMT, Comedy Central, FX, ID, Disney, Cartoon Network, Nickelodeon and PBS Kids. There are four packages ranging from Entertainment at $64.99 a month to Premier for $154.99 a month. The streaming service offers a five-day free trial.
What is Disney+?
Disney+ streaming service is home to Disney, Pixar, Marvel, Star Wars and National Geographic along with original, classic, live action and animated films and the newest releases from The Walt Disney Studios. Subscription plans range from $7.99 a month to $24.99 a month. Some plans include Hulu and ESPN+, with and without ads.
Daniella Karagach and Dwight Howard compete during "Hair Metal Night" on "Dancing With the Stars" on Oct. 8, 2024, on ABC and Disney+.Disney
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices