By 

	Tomás Mier


	The new year couldn’t come any sooner! On Tuesday, ABC announced part of the slate of performers scheduled to join Dick Clark’s New Year’s Rockin’ Eve With Ryan Seacrest later this month.

Tinashe, Teddy Swims, Thomas Rhett, Cody Johnson, and previously announced performer Lenny Kravitz will be among the stars to grace the stage of the biggest New Year’s Eve television broadcast, per Billboard.

	The 2025 performances will conclude a massive year for several of the performers. Swims became one of the most-streamed singers of the year, thanks to “Lose Control” from his album I’ve Tried Everything But Therapy. (He earned a Best New Artist nom at the 2025 Grammys.) Tinashe’s career had a revival thanks to the success of her track “Nasty.” And country stars Johnson and Rhett both dropped projects this year: Johnson revisited 2023’s Leather with a deluxe edition last month, while Rhett rolled out About a Woman in August.

	As previously announced, Seacrest will host the annual telecast alongside Rita Ora. The spectacle is also set to feature renowned magicians and circus artists on the show.

	










Rockin’ Eve draws in the largest viewership of any non-sports show. Last year, 36 million people tuned into the event, which saw Sabrina Carpenter, NewJeans, Cardi B, and Megan Thee Stallion perform.





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Elon Musk: It Is ‘Outrageous’ to ‘Claim That I’m a Nazi’		
	









	
	
		
					'SNL' Weekend Update Roasts Trump's Pope Dream, Stock Market Pleas		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	








	Earlier this year, Seacrest visited Andy Cohen’s Watch What Happens Live and the two joked about their “beef” surrounding their competing New Year’s Eve shows, since Cohen co-hosts CNN’s broadcast with Anderson Cooper.

	“I don’t even remember what the feud was about, but we did see each other and waved,” Cohen said. “We can’t get to each other or else we’d hug!” said Seacrest.“The beef is squashed!” responded Cohen.
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.