Megan Moroney, Sophie Ellis-Bextor also to perform on the live annual telecast produced by Dick Clark Productions

								By 

	Todd Spangler

NY Digital Editor

Carrie Underwood will take the stage in New York City’s Times Square to ring in 2025 on “Dick Clark’s New Year’s Rockin’ Eve With Ryan Seacrest” on ABC.

	ABC and Dick Clark Productions unveiled the Big Apple lineup for “New Year’s Rockin’ Eve,” with Seacrest marking his 20th year as host alongside co-host Rita Ora. 

	Underwood — who won “American Idol” in 2005 and currently serves as a judge on the show — will perform a medley of some of her biggest hits just before midnight. In addition, country singer Megan Moroney and British singer-songwriter Sophie Ellis-Bextor will be featured performers in NYC on “New Year’s Rockin’ Eve,” while multihyphenate Dayanara Torres will return as co-host in Puerto Rico. 

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					What an AI War on Copyright Law Could Mean for Content Creators		
			














	
		
					Box Office: Marvel's 'Thunderbolts*' Rolls in With $31.5 Million Opening Day, 'Sinners' Scoring Another Superb Hold		
			








	Underwood said in a statement, “I have such fun memories of performing on ‘New Year’s Rockin’ Eve’ in Times Square in both 2007 and 2015, and I’m so excited to perform just before the ball drops again this year. I’m thrilled to celebrate 20 years since winning ‘American Idol’ by joining Ryan as he hosts his 20th New Year’s Eve in Times Square.”




			Popular on Variety		






	“Dick Clark’s New Year’s Rockin’ Eve with Ryan Seacrest 2024” will air Tuesday, Dec. 31, live on ABC beginning at 8 p.m. ET and stream next day on Hulu. You can also stream the special live online through a variety of live TV streamers such as DirecTV and Hulu + Live TV.

	Moroney, winner of this year’s CMA Awards new artist of the year, will perform a two-song medley from her second album, “Am I Okay?”, which debuted at No. 3 on Billboard’s Top Country Albums chart and was her first Top 10 album on the Billboard 200 chart. Moroney spent much of 2024 on tour with Kenny Chesney across the U.S. 

	Ellis-Bextor will make her “New Year’s Rockin’ Eve” debut with a performance of her platinum-certified hit “Murder on the Dancefloor,” which went viral this year more than two decades after its original release after the track was featured in Emerald Fennell’s film “Saltburn.”

	As previously announced, additional performers include rocker Lenny Kravitz, singer-songwriter Teddy Swims; R&B artist and dancer Tinashe; and country singers Cody Johnson and Thomas Rhett.

	Last year ABC and Dick Clark Productions extended their deal for the annual New Year’s Eve show through Jan. 1, 2029. The Disney-owned network touts “New Year’s Rockin’ Eve” as consistently ranking as the top-rated New Year’s Eve programming special each year. Last year’s show attracted 22.2 million total viewers as the clock hit midnight.

	










	The show — marking its 54th year — features live performances and a look at New Year’s celebrations around the globe. “Dick Clark’s New Year’s Rockin’ Eve With Ryan Seacrest 2025” is produced by Dick Clark Productions with Seacrest, Michael Dempsey and Barry Adelman serving as executive producers.

Dick Clark Productions is owned by Penske Media Eldridge, a Penske Media Corp. (PMC) subsidiary and joint venture between PMC and Eldridge. PMC is the parent company of Variety.
The Business of Entertainment