It matches the rule of Post Malone and Morgan Wallen's "I Had Some Help."

													By
												

	Gary Trust


Shaboozey’s “A Bar Song (Tipsy)” tallies a sixth nonconsecutive week at No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100. The single, the singer-songwriter’s first leader on the list, ties for 2024’s longest domination, equaling the six nonconsecutive weeks on top for Post Malone’s “I Had Some Help,” featuring Morgan Wallen, in May-July.

	“A Bar Song (Tipsy)” likewise matches the longest command this year on the multimetric Hot Country Songs chart, logging a 10th week at No. 1 and tying Beyoncé’s “Texas Hold ‘Em,” which led in February-April.

	Plus, “A Bar Song (Tipsy)” rules in all-genre streams, radio airplay and sales simultaneously for a second week – it adds an 11th week at No. 1 on the Digital Song Sales chart, a fifth week atop Streaming Songs and a third frame atop Radio Songs. The song, on American Dogwood/EMPIRE (with country radio promotion by Magnolia Music), drew 88.5 million radio airplay audience impressions (down 2%), 33.3 million official streams (down 2%) and 12,000 sold (down 3%) in the United States Aug. 9-15.

	Also in the Hot 100’s top 10, Billie Eilish’s “Birds of a Feather” rises two spots to No. 5, becoming her fourth career top five hit.

	The Hot 100 blends all-genre U.S. streaming (official audio and official video), radio airplay and sales data, the lattermost metric reflecting purchases of physical singles and digital tracks from full-service digital music retailers; digital singles sales from direct-to-consumer (D2C) sites are excluded from chart calculations. All charts (dated Aug. 24, 2024) will update on Billboard.com tomorrow, Aug. 20. For all chart news, you can follow @billboard and @billboardcharts on both X, formerly known as Twitter, and Instagram.

Luminate, the independent data provider to the Billboard charts, completes a thorough review of all data submissions used in compiling the weekly chart rankings. Luminate reviews and authenticates data. In partnership with Billboard, data deemed suspicious or unverifiable is removed, using established criteria, before final chart calculations are made and published.

	As “A Bar Song (Tipsy)” ties for the longest stay at No. 1 on the Hot 100 this year, here’s a look at the songs that have led for multiple weeks since January:

	Hits that have topped the Hot Country Songs chart have claimed the Hot 100’s longest No. 1 runs the past two years, with both involving Morgan Wallen; in 2023, his “Last Night” totaled 16 weeks at the summit.

	A week earlier, “A Bar Song (Tipsy)” became one of only 12 hits to have led in the Hot 100’s three metrics simultaneously. As it triples up for a second week, it’s the first song to do so more than once since Luis Fonsi and Daddy Yankee’s “Despacito,” featuring Justin Bieber, in 2017.

	Here’s a recap of each song that has achieved the feat:

	Post Malone’s “I Had Some Help,” featuring Morgan Wallen, holds at No. 2 on the Hot 100, following six nonconsecutive weeks at No. 1 beginning in May. It rules the multimetric Songs of the Summer chart for a 12th week.

	Notably, thanks to Shaboozey’s “A Bar Song (Tipsy)” and “I Had Some Help,” titles that have led the Hot Country Songs chart have ranked at Nos. 1 and 2 simultaneously on the Hot 100 for the past five weeks. That’s the longest such streak since country hits took the top two spots for six consecutive weeks last August-September (via Jason Aldean’s “Try That in a Small Town”; Wallen’s “Last Night”; Luke Combs’ “Fast Car”; Oliver Anthony Music’s “Rich Men North of Richmond”; and Zach Bryan’s “I Remember Everything,” featuring Kacey Musgraves).

	Kendrick Lamar’s “Not Like Us” repeats at No. 3 on the Hot 100, following two weeks on top. It leads the multimetric Hot Rap Songs chart for a 14th week and Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs for a 12th week.

	Sabrina Carpenter’s “Espresso” keeps at No. 4 on the Hot 100, after reaching No. 3.

	Billie Eilish’s “Birds of a Feather” lifts 7-5 on the Hot 100, with 35.7 million in radio reach (up 12%), 23.9 million streams (up 7%) and 8,000 sold (up 129%). Helping spark gains, Eilish performed the song at the 2024 Summer Olympics closing ceremony Aug. 11 in Los Angeles, where the next Summer Olympic Games will be held in 2028. The song becomes Eilish’s fourth top five entry, joining “Bad Guy” (No. 1, one week, 2019), “Therefore I Am” (No. 2, 2020) and “Lunch” (No. 5, this June). Her latest LP, Hit Me Hard and Soft, houses both “Birds of a Feather” and “Lunch,” marking her first album to generate multiple top five Hot 100 hits. “Birds of a Feather” simultaneously spends a second week at No. 1 on the multimetric Hot Rock & Alternative Songs and Hot Alternative Songs charts.

	Tommy Richman’s “Million Dollar Baby” dips 5-6 on the Hot 100, after reaching No. 2, as it notches a 16th week atop the multimetric Hot R&B Songs chart; Chappell Roan’s “Good Luck, Babe!” descends to No. 7 from its No. 6 Hot 100 high; and Carpenter’s “Please Please Please” repeats at No. 8, after it became her first No. 1 in June.

	Teddy Swims’ “Lose Control,” which led the Hot 100 for a week in March, is steady at No. 9. It also ties for the eighth-most weeks tallied in the top 10 this decade:

	Rounding out the Hot 100’s top 10, Hozier’s “Too Sweet” holds at No. 10, following a week at No. 1 in April, as it leads the multimetric Hot Rock Songs chart for a 20th week.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.