She was named among the first round of performers alongside Teddy Swims, SEVENTEEN, and Coldplay.

							By 

	Mya Abraham

R&B Reporter

Tyla is set to take the stage at the 2024 Billboard Music Awards (BBMAs).

Teddy Swims, SEVENTEEN, and Coldplay were also among the first round of performers named for the upcoming BBMAs. Additional performers are soon to be announced.

	Additionally, the “Water” star is up for eight Billboard Music Awards, including Top R&B Artist, Top R&B Female Artist, Top Afrobeats Artist, Top R&B Album, Top R&B Song, and Top Afrobeats Song.

	Drake and Kendrick Lamar will face off, yet again, in the Rap categories— specifically Top Rap Artist and Top Male Rap Artist.

	Drizzy is also tied with Taylor Swift as the most awarded artist in BBMA history with 39 nods to his name. In addition to the aforementioned nominations, he’s up for Top Male Artist, Top Artist, Top Billboard 200 Artist, Top Billboard 200 Album, Top Rap Album and Top R&B Song for his 4batz collaboration, “act ii: date @ 8 (remix).”

	










	Kung Fu Kenny is up for Top Hot 100 Songwriter, Top Streaming Songs Artist, Top Streaming Song for diss track, “Not Like Us,” Top Rap Song, and Top Collaboration for “Like That” with Future and Metro Boomin.
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Tina Knowles Named 2025 Billboard Mother Of The Year		
			







	The Billboard Music Awards “honor the year’s biggest artists, albums, songs, producers and songwriters across multiple genres, as determined by year-end performance metrics on the Billboard charts,” per the outlet. The eligibility dates for this year’s awards— Oct. 28, 2023 through Oct. 19, 2024— are aligned with Billboard’s Year-End Charts tracking period.

	The 2024 BBMAs will be hosted by actress-comedian Michelle Buteau, and airs on Thursday, Dec. 12, at 8 p.m. ET/PT on FOX, Fire TV channels, and on-demand on Paramount+.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.