Fans of Netflix's new hit thriller Fool Me Once were quick to comment after Michelle Keegan's appearance on The Graham Norton Show. The series' star and former Coronation Street actress was a guest on Friday night's show.
She appeared alongside fellow guests, The Crown's Dominic West, comedian Alan Carr, Game of Thrones actor Jacob Anderson and American singer-songwriter Teddy Swims.
Based on the bestselling book by Harlan Coben, Netflix's Fool Me Once sees Michelle playing lead role Maya Stern as she tried to come to terms with the brutal murder of her husband Joe, played by Richard Armitage, and her sister. The eight-part series reached the top 10 most-watched list within a day of it being released on New Year's Day.
Read more: Indiana Jones actor's tragic three word message to fans before horror crash killed his two daughters
Try BirminghamLive Premium for just £12 for 12 months!
Speaking on The Graham Norton Show, Michelle said she couldn't believe the success of the show and described it as 'madness'. She said: "It’s madness that it’s number one all over the world. I was always a huge fan of Harlan Coben books so when I got the call it was 'yes, absolutely' and I grabbed it with both hands.”
The Stockport-born star also spoke about working with Dame Joanna Lumley on the programme, as the MEN reports. “It was so much fun and we laughed the whole way through," she said, adding: "There were a lot of F-bombs dropped in the show, but I just couldn’t bring myself to swear at her (Dame Joanna) in rehearsal. I was just so embarrassed to say the word.”
But rather than commenting on Michelle's role in the show, many fans were struck by the star's appearance as she appeared on the chat show's famous red sofa. Several viewers took to X, formerly Twitter, as they gushed over her 'stunning' look, which featured a black dress with a gold belt.
@matthewllthomas wrote: “Michelle Keegan is just so stunning omg #TheGNShow.” Echoing his comment, @Rosie12_1994 said: “#GrahamNorton Michelle Keegan is unreal how is she so beautiful?!”
Another viewer, @nicoleabraham, wrote: “Michelle Keegan…can i be you! You f****** beautiful human.” @Zoc47 said: “I don’t want to mention how fit Michelle Keegan is again cos’ it’s getting beyond a joke #grahamnortonshow.”
And @JoeAtkin_95 said: “Michelle Keegan is different gravy.” Meanwhile @weelittleant81 simply said: “Michelle keegan, that's it that's the tweet. #GrahamNorton.”
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.