Teddy Swims (pictured), along with Jack Harlow, Jason Derulo, Madison Beer and more will perform at Detroit's 2024 iHeartRadio concert.Photo by Scott Schild | Syracuse.com
DETROIT - A star-studded lineup has been announced for Michigan’s 2024 IHeartRadio concert.
The show will feature Jack Harlow, Teddy Swims, Jason Derulo and Madison Beer, along with Saweetie, NCT Dream, Isabel LaRosa, and Wonho.
The iHeartRadio Jingle Ball concert will be at Little Caesars Arena on Tuesday, December 10. Tickets go on sale Friday, October 4 at Noon.
“This is another epic night of music at Channel 95.5’s Jingle Ball,” said Tony Travatto, Program Director for iHeartMedia Detroit’s Channel 95.5. “Being able to assemble a lineup of artists like this on one rotating stage will be an incredible experience for our listeners and clients.”
Detroit’s concert is part of the national iHeartRadio “Jingle Ball” tour, which also has concerts in Dallas/Fort Worth, Los Angeles, Chicago, New York, Boston, Philadelphia, Washington, D.C., Atlanta and Miami.
iHeartRadio Jingle Ball Tour stops will be part of the exclusive network special on ABC, airing on Wednesday, December 18th.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices