From historic Scotland to a tranquil Greek island, you can visit many of the dreamy destinations in the new series.
Every item on this page was hand-picked by a House Beautiful editor. We may earn commission on some of the items you choose to buy.
One Day has earned a coveted spot as a top TV show on Netflix—and rightfully so. The new limited series adaptation of author David Nicholls’s novel of the same name stars Ambika Mod and The White Lotus's Leo Woodall as Emma Morley and Dexter Mayhew, a pair of friends and soulmates. The 14-episode show follows their relationship over 20 years, just as the 2011 feature film starring Anne Hathaway and Jim Sturgess did before it. And while viewers are obsessing over this fresh iteration, it’s impossible to ignore all of the dreamy filming locations where Em and Dex’s story unfolds. From historic Scotland to a Greek island, their journey takes them all over the world. 
If you’re eager to know more about the backdrops that are central to Emma and Dexter’s relationship, we’ve assembled everything you need to know below. Yes, that includes all of the places you can actually visit!
Emma and Dexter first meet at their college graduation party, which was filmed at the University of Edinburgh’s Old College building. That night, they go back to Emma’s dorm room that's portrayed by a building in Edinburgh’s Viewforth area. The next morning, they decide to go on a little nature adventure by climbing Arthur’s Seat. Filming actually took place on the ancient volcano, which is the highest point in Holyrood Park. Another pivotal moment plays out on the Vennel Steps, which anyone can visit for a breathtaking view of Edinburgh Castle.
During episode two, Emma is working as a touring actress for primary school plays while Dexter is teaching English in Rome. While living in the Italian city, Dexter meets up with his mother at a rooftop bar. In reality, the eatery is portrayed by the Mater Terrae Restaurant located in the Bio Hotel Raphaël. He then walks with his mom back to the hotel she’s staying at with his father. Known as the Boutique Hotel Campo de' Fiori, the hotel is located in the heart of Rome and boasts a greenery-covered facade with dramatic interiors—making it an excellent option for a European getaway.
Many of the show’s major filming locations exist in London. The on-screen counterpart for the awful Mexican restaurant where Emma works is a pub in the city’s Hammersmith neighborhood called Old Suffolk Punch, which is now permanently closed. On Primrose Hill—a must-visit park for Londoners and tourists alike—Emma and Dexter engage in a heated conversation. Other standout locations include Fire, a London nightclub that depicts the one Dexter parties at; The Adelphi Bar at Smith & Wollensky, where Emma and Ian go on a date; Quaglino’s, a restaurant where Emma and Dexter have dinner; The Savoy Hotel; where Sylvie stays, Maoz, which portrays the sandwich shop that Dexter works at; Charlton Lido, the pool where Emma swims; Bella Roma, the restaurant that Emma, Dexter, and Jasmine eat at; and Maison Bleue Canteen, which acts as Dexter’s Parisian café.
Emma and Dexter travel to Greece in episode four, and the scenes during their trip were filmed on Paros. The Greek island is known for its unwavering natural beauty thanks to long beaches and crystal-clear waters. Its famous white marble quarries have been famously tapped for use in Greek architecture and sculpture. You can specifically spot the old port at Nousa in the series. Additional backdrops are provided by the town of Parikia.
Sylvie’s family home appears in episode nine, giving us serious countryside residence and garden envy. Bennington Lordship, located an hour outside of London, depicts the sweet escape. While the building remains a private family home, the ethereal gardens are open to the public on select dates throughout the year.
For Tilly’s wedding venue, One Day made use of one of the most popular filming locations in TV and movie history: Hatfield House. Located in England’s Hertfordshire, the manor house has appeared in more than 70 productions including The Crown, Bridgerton, Enola Holmes, Rebecca, Queen Charlotte: A Bridgerton Story, and even the music video for the Jonas Brothers’ hit song “Sucker.” The 75,000-square-foot building is seasonally open to the public for tours—and it’s only a 45-minute drive from London.
By episode 12, Emma and Dexter are in Paris. The French city was no exception for the production when it came to filming at real destinations. As the pair wanders around the City of Love, viewers can spot the street Rue Pierre Semard and bridge Passerelle Emmanuelle Riva. Emma’s apartment exterior was filmed along the street Rue des Gobelins in the 13th arrondissement.
You love filming locations. So do we. Let’s obsess over them together.
Follow House Beautiful on Instagram and TikTok.
Joanna Gaines Revealed Her Son’s Surprising Hobby
Martha Stewart Says She Has NEVER Ordered Takeout
Christina Haack and Chris LaRocca Pack on the PDA 
Martha Stewart Flaunts $20,000 Mirror in New Photo
Fans Are DYING For the "Old HGTV" To Come Back
The Obamas' Martha's Vineyard Getaway Hits Market
All of George and Amal Clooney's Homes
Fans Don't Want This "Home Town" Star to Quit
Jonathan & Drew Scott Reveal Their Favorite Hobby
Tarek El Moussa Supports Heather in Shocking Way
Joanna Gaines’s Daughter Is an Intern at Magnolia
'Rock the Block' Fans Are Shook by Latest Winner
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.