Photo: Getty Images
Brooks & Dunn delivered the second REBOOT installment on Friday (November 15), reimagining the duo’s career-spanning hits with some of the music industry’s latest global stars and trailblazing artists. Kix Brooks and Ronnie Dunn kicked off anticipation for REBOOT 2 with the new version of “Play Something Country” with reigning CMA Entertainer of the Year Lainey Wilson.
Since then, Brooks & Dunn offered sneak peeks on their social media channels of unreleased tracks with other artists, including Megan Moroney, Morgan Wallen and HARDY, to name a few. Dunn previously said in a statement that “the premise of the project was ‘No rules.' For this one, we purposely loosened the screws and turned ‘em loose to do whatever they wanted. We actually went way off the rails, in a good way.” 
The full list of artists appearing on REBOOT 2 includes Lainey Wilson, Morgan Wallen, Marcus King Band, Megan Moroney, Warren Zeiders, Jelly Roll, Riley Green, The Cadillac Three, Halestorm, Mitchell Tenpenny, The Earls of Leicester, Jake Worthington, Hailey Whitters, Christone “Kingfish” Ingram, HARDY, ERNEST, A Thousand Horses and Corey Kent. See the track list here:
“This project is a lot more out of bounds,” Brooks said in a statement of the follow-up to the original REBOOT album in 2019. “Artists were going, ‘Would it be okay if we did this?’ It was like ‘Yeah! Let’s do it.’ We dealt with rock bands and blues bands and all kinds of genres, all over the place.”
Brooks & Dunn will join forces with Jelly Roll on stage at the 58th CMA Awards next week. The star-studded lineup also includes Kelsea Ballerini with Noah Kahan, Eric Church, Luke Combs, Ella Langley with Riley Green, Cody Johnson, Megan Moroney, Kacey Musgraves, Bailey Zimmerman, Dierks Bentley (featuring Molly Tuttle, Sierra Hull and Bronwyn Keith-Hynes), Luke Bryan, Ashley McBryde, Post Malone, Shaboozey, Chris Stapleton, Thomas Rhett and Teddy Swims, and Lainey Wilson. the Country Music Association previously announced that George Strait will be honored with the 2024 Willie Nelson Lifetime Achievement Award. Other artists are nominated in coveted categories. See the list of nominees here.
The 58th CMA Awards will take place at Bridgestone Arena in Downtown Nashville, Tennessee. The show is set for Wednesday, November 20. It will air live at 8 p.m. ET/7 p.m. CT on ABC, and will be available the following day on Hulu.
Brooks & Dunn promised a group of “18 bada** artists (coming together) to reinvent time-tested classics,” on the new album. “You are not going to believe where this genre-bending journey is about to take you.” Find the full REBOOT 2 album on iHeartRadio here.