There’s something immensely satisfying about looking at a year’s worth of listening condensed down to a neatly packaged presentation. We’re now able to get this from a few different streaming services — yesterday saw the release of both Apple Music Replay 2024 and the first time Amazon has gotten into the game with Amazon Music Delivered 2024. Spotify, though, has been doing it for almost a decade, and today we get this year’s iteration of Spotify Wrapped 2024. A similar program started in 2015 under the name “Year in Music,” was rebranded as Wrapped in 2016, and has been going strong and growing ever since. For 2024, Spotify is adding a new way to feed you all your streaming info — an AI podcast.
You can still get your streaming info as you have in the past, as a series of Instagram-style story cards scrolling to your favorite tunes of the year, you can also get that information presented to you by two AI-generated podcasters. The new feature, called Your Wrapped AI Podcast, is powered by Google’s NotebookLM.
This isn’t Spotify’s first foray into the world of AI, having piloted a podcast translation feature last year that cloned podcasters’ voices to offer podcasts in other languages, as well as AI DJ. For those of us who want to get our yearly recap on the go, getting to listen to it instead of needing to read through the stats is an interesting proposition.
In addition to the story cards and the AI podcast, this year Spotify is introducing Your Podcaster Clips, where podcast fans will be able to see end-of-year messages from the top podcasters on Spotify thanking their listeners. There’s also a “2024 in Podcasts” hub that will have a slew of other stats and roundups for Spotify podcasts.
The experience extends beyond regular Spotify listeners, with Creator Wrapped. Artists, creators, and authors get their own stories to help them celebrate their year through Wrapped for Artists, Wrapped for Creators, and the new Wrapped for Authors. They’ll be able to see information about all aspects of fan engagement. Wrapped for Creators is adding eight different personality classifications, similar to what we saw debut with Listening Personalities in Spotify Wrapped 2022, as well as insight into listener tastes, age, and what other things they’re listening to.
“While Wrapped for Artists has always been a fun way for artists to look back on their year and celebrate with fans, we’re always looking to enhance the experience.” said Madeleine Bennet, head of Global Music Go-to-Market for Spotify. “The Spotify for Artists team has been super-focused on helping artists build stronger connections with their listeners around new music releases, especially through tools like playlist pitching, Countdown Pages, and Clips. Because releasing new music is such a crucial moment, this year’s Wrapped will put a special emphasis on these milestones.”
Getting to your Spotify Wrapped 2024 stats is a pretty straightforward process, as you’d expect considering it’s a major yearly Spotify feature. Open up the app on your device — be it Android or Apple — and you’ll be greeted with a Spotify Wrapped 2024 screen on Home that you can click to open your personalized experience. From there you can check out your story cards or listen to your AI podcast about you Spotify year.
It’s only possible to view the Wrapped experience in the mobile app (either on iOS or Android).
Most streamed artists globally
Most streamed artists in the U.S. 
Most streamed albums globally
Most streamed albums in the U.S.
Most streamed songs globally
Most streamed songs in the U.S.
Most popular podcasts globally
Most popular podcasts in the U.S.
Top Audiobooks in Premium Globally
Top Audiobooks in Premium in the U.S.

Please enable Javascript to view this content

If you in the midst of choosing which music streaming service is best for you, when comparing Spotify and Tidal, price is an important, but not the only, factor to consider. Spotify stands out with its flexible subscription options, offering individual, family, and student plans, each with its own unique benefits. In contrast, Tidal offers various subscription plans, too, but Tidal's calling card is that it includes premium and hi-fi options, with the hi-fi plan providing access to lossless, hi-res audio. Spotify does not offer this ... yet.
Spotify uses the Ogg Vorbis and AAC audio formats for streaming, delivering audio at varying bitrates. At the same time, Tidal's hi-fi subscription offers lossless, CD-quality audio and hi-res audio files in FLAC and HiRes FLAC formats.
In the wake of yet another tease from Spotify on the potential coming of its long, long-awaited hi-fi tier, the flames of streaming music wars have once again been stoked in my household: I’m ready to dump Spotify for better audio quality, while my family is prepared to die on its lo-fi hill.
My wife, 13-year-old daughter, and I have been a Spotify Family family for years. But while we all agree that the Swedish streaming service’s UI, music discovery, and plentiful extra features are miles above the competition, I, on the other hand, have become accustomed to the sweet sounds of lossless and hi-res audio, and have had to sit at the sidelines gnashing my teeth watching every other music service add them to their platforms. And I’ve had it.
That Spotify has a high-resolution audio tier in the works is not a surprise. Quite the opposite in fact, because Spotify itself has been teasing Spotify HiFi since early 2021. And, yet, the world's leading music streaming service still doesn't have a feature enjoyed by Apple Music, Amazon Music, and Tidal subscribers.
But Spotify CEO Daniel Ek did address the audiophile elephant in the room during the company's second-quarter 2024 earnings call on July 23, 2024.
Upgrade your lifestyleDigital Trends helps readers keep tabs on the fast-paced world of tech with all the latest news, fun product reviews, insightful editorials, and one-of-a-kind sneak peeks.