Lainey Wilson will be one of the hosts at “The 58th Annual CMA Awards" on Wednesday, Nov. 20 from 8 to 11 p.m. ET on ABC and  available the next day on Hulu. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP)Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP
Don’t miss “The 58th Annual CMA Awards,” when performers with names like Kelsea Ballerini, Brooks & Dunn, Eric Church, Luke Combs, Riley Green, Jelly Roll, Cody Johnson, Ella Langley, Noah Kahan, Megan Moroney, Kacey Musgraves and Bailey Zimmerman will all take the stage at this year’s star-studded CMA Awards. 
The Country Music Association has revealed that the really big show will be hosted by Luke Bryan, Peyton Manning and Lainey Wilson, and that Country Music’s Biggest Night will broadcast live from the Bridgestone Arena in Nashville, Tenn. on Wednesday, Nov. 20 from 8 to 11 p.m. ET on ABC.
A LITTLE SNEAK PEEK
HOW TO STREAM THE ‘THE 59TH ANNUAL CMA AWARDS’ ONLINE FOR FREE
If you’re a cord-cutter or don’t have cable, you can watch “The 59th Annual CMA Awards” online on any one of the following streaming platforms, and get it for free via a trial offer:
If you can wait a day, the star-studded extravaganza will be available to stream on Hulu the following day. The service offers a 30-day free trial.
WHAT CHANNEL IS ABC ON?
If you are watching on cable, catch the “The 58th Annual CMA Awards” on ABC.
You can find which channel ABC is on by using the channel finders here: Verizon Fios, AT&T U-verse, Comcast Xfinity, Spectrum/Charter, Optimum/Altice, DIRECTV and Dish
MORE ON THE SHOW
CMAAwards.com further reveals that two-time CMA Entertainer of the Year and three-time nominee this year, Luke Combs will perform his chart-topping hit, “Ain’t No Love in Oklahoma.” 
What’s more, dynamite performances will come from five-time nominee this year, Cody Johnson, three-time nominee this year and Megan Moroney with her fan-favorite, “Am I Okay.” 
Kacey Musgraves, with three nominations this year, will take the stage to perform her song “The Architect.” And first-time nominee and performer, Bailey Zimmerman delivers “New to Country” to CMA Awards audiences.
Collaborations include two-time nominee this year, Kelsea Ballerini, and first-time nominee and performer, Noah Kahan performing their nominated duet “Cowboys Cry Too.” 
Country Music legends nominated for CMA Vocal Duo this year, Brooks & Dunn welcome three-time nominee this year, Jelly Roll to the stage to perform “Believe.” 
First-time performers and nominees, Ella Langley and Riley Green bring their viral nominated hit “you look like you love me” to CMA Awards fans. 
And a star-studded tribute in honor of the legendary King of Country, George Strait, this year’s CMA Willie Nelson Lifetime Achievement Award recipient, will also be presented.
Additional performers include Dierks Bentley, Luke Bryan, Sierra Hull, Bronwyn Keith-Hynes, Ashley McBryde, Post Malone, Shaboozey, Chris Stapleton, Teddy Swims, Thomas Rhett, Molly Tuttle, and Lainey Wilson.
“The 58th Annual CMA Awards” is a production of the Country Music Association. Robert Deaton is the executive producer, Alan Carter is the director and Jon Macks is the head writer.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices