For many, it's an annual Christmas tradition, but will Top of The Pops be around on Christmas Day this year?
Christmas is full of traditions, and for many that includes tuning in to Top of the Pops to catch the top 10 and to see who's made it to that all-important Christmas No. 1.
However, there has been a break from tradition over the past few years, with the annual review being moved and replaced with a recap special.
So, is 2024 about to head the same way?
Here's everything you need to know about what to expect from Top of the Pops this year.
No. Top Of The Pops will not air on Christmas Day – but there will be an episode in 2024.
Following a new tradition that started in 2022, it will also not be your typical episode of Top of the Pops, instead being a Review of the Year.
Clara Amfo will be on hand to look back over the musical stories and highlights of 2024, including a mix of global stars, breakthrough artists and the year's biggest music moments.
Top Of The Pops: Review of the Year 2024 will air on 27th December at 6pm on BBC Two. 
The special is an hour long. It will also be available to stream on BBC iPlayer after it airs.
Among the confirmed moments Top of the Pops will be looking back on this year will be Dua Lipa and Coldplay's headlining slots at Glastonbury, and Sabrina Carpenter at Radio 1’s Big Weekend.
It was also a year of massive anniversaries, including 10 years of Sam Smith's first album In the Lonely Hour, the 30th anniversary of Oasis’s Definitely Maybe and the 50th year of Abba’s Waterloo.
Jade on Later… with Jools Holland will also be remembered.
US star Teddy Swims and British breakthrough singer-songwriter Myles Smith will both make appearances to reflect on their incredible year.
Of course, Top of the Pops wouldn't be the same without a countdown – with Clara revealing the UK's top 10 biggest-selling songs of the year as well.
Top of the Pops: Review of the Year 2024 will air 27th December at 6pm on BBC Two and BBC iPlayer. 
Check out more of our Entertainment coverage or visit our TV Guide and Streaming Guide to find out what's on. For more from the biggest stars in TV, listen to The Radio Times Podcast.
Tilly Pearce is a freelance TV journalist whose coverage ranges from reality shows like Love Is Blind to sci-fi shows like Fallout. She is an NCTJ Gold Standard accredited journalist, who has previously worked as Deputy TV Editor (maternity cover) at Digital Spy, and Deputy TV & Showbiz Editor at Daily Express US.
Sign up to receive our newsletter!
By entering your details, you are agreeing to site title privacy policy. You can unsubscribe at any time.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Subscribe to Radio Times magazine and get £10 issues for £10!
Releasing equity from your home could help give you the retirement you've been dreaming of?
Need inspiration of where to go next? Escorted tour, river cruise, yacht cruise, short break. Request a free brochure and start your journey. Now taking bookings for 2025, 2026 and 2027!