The aptly-named "A Matter of Time" becomes the British indie band's first chart leader.

													By
												

	Lars Brandle


Shed Seven etches its name in the history books as A Matter of Time (via Cooking Vinyl) bows at No. 1 on the U.K. Albums Chart. 

	With its fast start, the aptly-named A Matter of Time becomes the Britpop era band’s first chart leader. According to the Official Charts Company, the York, England-formed outfit now claims honors as the rock band with the longest-ever gap between a debut album and first leader – now set at 29 years and 3 months.

	The indie act this year celebrates the 30th anniversary since the release of that debut LP, Change Giver, which peaked at No. 16 back in 1994. 





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Busted		
					






















	
		
					Lewis Capaldi		
					






















	
		
					Shed Seven		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	Since then, Shed Seven (Rick Witter, Paul Banks, Tom Gladwin, Tim Wills and Rob Maxfield) has landed five titles in the top 10, including A Matter of Time, their sixth studio LP.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	British 2 tone legends The Specials own the all-time record for the longest gap between their debut (The Specials from 1979) and first U.K. 1 (2019’s Encore), clocking in at 39 years, 3 months.

	The leader at the halfway stage, A Matter of Time knocks over Lewis Capaldi’s Broken By Desire To Be Heavenly Sent (EMI), which returned to No. 1 the previous week on the release of an expanded edition. Capaldi’s sophomore set dips 1-2, while The Weeknd’s The Collection (Republic Records/XO) holds at No. 3. 

	Meanwhile, British pop-punk band Busted returns to the top 20 with former leader Greatest Hits 2.0 Busted Live). The hits collection bounces to No. 19 on the release of an extended Another Present for Everyone edition, which includes new single “One of These Days .

	Finally, Dublin, Ireland garage-punk outfit SPRINTS lands at No. 20 with their debut release Letter to Self (City Slang), while U.S. singer-songwriter Teddy Swims paddles to a first ever U.K. top 40 album with I’ve Tried Everything But Therapy (Part 1) (via Warner Records). Featuring the top 10 hit “Lose Control” (up 14-6 on the Official Chart), Therapy lands at No. 24.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.