The global deal follows the release of new EP Intermission.

													By
												

	Dave Brooks


Grammy award-winning, multi-platinum artist Maren Morris has signed with WME for representation globally. Morris was previously represented by CAA. Morris is currently managed by Red Light Management.

	In addition to her Grammy win, Morris has garnered five ACM Awards (including winning female artist of the year twice), five CMA Awards and three Billboard Music Awards. She has earned dozens of multi-platinum and gold certifications worldwide and tallied billions of streams.





	
	
		
					Related		
	



















	
	
		
					El Rey Theater in Los Angeles to Be Featured in Tony Hawk Video Game		
	



	04/30/2025	







	Morris’ new EP Intermission was released last month to critical acclaim; she also recently worked on the soundtrack for The Wild Robot. She collaborated with Zedd on the 6x-platinum “The Middle,” and has worked with everyone from Taylor Swift, Stevie Nicks and Sheryl Crow to Teddy Swims, Hozier and Jessie Murph. Morrisalso collaborated with Mt. Joy on their new song “Highway Queen,” which was released earlier this month.




			Trending on Billboard		






	Morris has sold out tours on multiple continents, gracing hallowed stages in the process. She will next be seen performing at All Things Go in Maryland and Ohana Festival in California.

	In 2019, Morris co-founded music group The Highwomen with Brandi Carlile, Natalie Hemby and Amanda Shires.

	Morris is the founder of the Lunatics Fund, which raises money for music education in public schools. She is also an LGBTQ+ rights advocate and has used her platform to support trans rights and empower trans youth. Most recently, over the course of her 2024 RSVP REDUX Tour, Morris has raised thousands of dollars for The Ally Coalition, a non-profit that uses the power of music to support LGBTQ Youth. She has been awarded the GLAAD Media Award for her allyship and advocacy in 2023.

	In August, Morris gave a powerful performance at the Democratic National Convention in Chicago, performing her 2020 song, “Better Than We Found It.”
Daily newsletters straight to your inbox
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.