Paralympic gold medallist Jason Smyth has been crowned the winner of Dancing with the Stars.
A shocked and speechless Smyth, from Eglinton in Co Derry, and dance partner Karen Byrne were selected as the winners of the 2024 series after a nail-biting and emotional final on Sunday night.. 
 The Parlympian said: “Incredible. I think for me it is about showing what is possible.” 
READ MORE: Blu Hydrangea relying on 'old ladies' for Dancing With The Stars support 
 READ MORE: NI sprinter Jason Smyth hails response ahead of Dancing With the Stars semis
 He thanked his wife “who has made a huge amount of sacrifices. It wouldn’t have happened without her.” 
 He also thanked Karen for helping him win the final. It’s the second time Karen has lifted the glitterball trophy.
 The final began with Laura Fox and Denys Samson who danced their Jive from the first week to River Deep, Mountain High by the Glee Cast. 
Judge Loraine Barry said Laura “smashed” the jive again.”
 He said: “You made it so effortless. You’ve become this incredible dancer in three months.” 
 The couple scored 30 points for the dance. 
 Later in the evening Laura and Denys danced again and performed their show dance to Make it Look Easy by Dita. 
 Brian said: ”In the hands of that man [Denys], he moulded it and allowed you to be the best version of you.” 
 Laura and Denys scored 30 from the judges for their show dance. 
 Paralympian Jason Smyth and his partner Karen Byrne returned to their samba from week seven dancing to Rhythm Divine by Enrique Iglesias. 
 Scoring 28 points, Arthur said it was “incredible”. 
 He said: “The way you shook your body - every coconut fell out of the tree!.” 
 Brian said the dance had more “quality”, “technique” and “fun” this time and saluted Jason for coming so far as a dancer. 
 Loraine said there had been “100% improvement” in Jason’s technique. 
 The pair returned with their show dance later in the night and performed to Go the Distance by Michael Bolton. 
 Karen stepped into Jason’s shoes and performed blindfolded as he led her around the dance floor. 
 Finally scoring 30 points, an emotional Brian said Jason had taught everyone so much. 
 He said Karen had been “a magician” for nurturing Jason as a dancer. 
 Loraine said everyone had “gained an experience” with Jason. 
 “This was an exhibition and a lesson for all of us on what you can do in life.” 
 And Arthur added they had “conquered the mountain”. 
 “Jason, thank you on behalf of everybody for inspiring us,” he said. 
 After ending up in the dance off appearance last week, Wild Youth singer, David Whelan and partner Salome Chachua danced their jive from Movie Week to You Can Never Tell + Misirlou from Pulp Fiction. 
 Scoring 30 points, Brian raved that “every step was about as tight as John Travolta’s trousers!” 
 Arthur said the routine was “perfection” and will go down in DWTS history. 
 For their show dance, David and Salome danced to All That Really Matters by Illenium and Teddy Swims. 
Loraine said: “It was truly, an incredible showdance”, adding: “There’s simply only one word: it’s breathtaking.”
 David and Salome scored 30 from the judges for their final dance. 
Belfast drag queen Blu Hydrangea and partner Simone Arena got the perfect 30 score once again with their contemporary ballroom fusion to Tattoo by Loreen from week five.
 Loraine said the pair’s dance was “phenomenal.” 
 For their show dance, Blu and Simone closed their time in the competition with I Am What I Am by John Barrowman. 
 There were tears all round as the pair were given another 30 points for their final dance. 
 Among the guests in the audience at the final last night included RTE’s Director General Kevin Bakhurst and Karen’s partner Jake Carter. 
Wrapping up the final, the returning couples of series seven stormed the dancefloor with the final group dance. 
 Click this link or scan the QR code to receive breaking news and top stories from Belfast Live. We also treat our community members to special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners. If you don’t like our community, you can check out any time you like. If you’re curious, you can read our Privacy Notice.
For all the latest news, visit the Belfast Live homepage here and sign up to our daily newsletter here.