Rock band Elbow have scored their fourth number one album, as Audio Vertigo soars up the charts.


  The 10th studio album by the group from Bury also topped the vinyl albums chart, and was the most-purchased album of the week in the UK’s independent record shops.


  It joins their 2014 album The Take Off And Landing Of Everything, 2017’s Little Fictions and 2019’s Giants Of All Sizes, which reached the top spot in the UK album charts.


A post shared by elbow instagram (@elbowofficial)


  The group, comprising Guy Garvey, Pete Turner, Alex Reeves and brothers Craig and Mark Potter, also won the Mercury Prize in 2008 for their hit album The Seldom Seen Kid and in 2009 they won the Brit Award for best British group.


  US rapper Future and record producer Metro Boomin claimed the second spot with their first collaborative project, We Don’t Trust You.


  As it did not have a physical release, the record secured its rank on streams and downloads alone, according to the Official Charts Company.


  Atlanta-born Future reached number two with his 2022 record I Never Liked You while Missouri-raised Metro Boomin reached number three with his 2022 record Heroes & Villains.


A post shared by Benson Boone (@bensonboone)


  After the release of the deluxe edition of Oliva Rodrigo’s second album Guts, the former chart-topping record has soared back up the charts to take the third spot.


  The reissue includes a new track, So American, and four songs previously available across various vinyl formats of Guts.


  Meanwhile, US pop star Ariana Grande’s Eternal Sunshine has dropped down from the top spot to number four and The Weeknd’s greatest hits record The Highlights has fallen three places to number five.


  Elsewhere in the singles chart, US singer Benson Boone has held on to the top spot with his track Beautiful Things, which went viral on TikTok.


  US singer Teddy Swims has jumped up two spots to number two with Lose Control and Beyonce’s hit country track Texas Hold Em’ has stayed at number three.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                

                            Last Updated: 

Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.