It's a little too early for the Missouri State Fair to start announcing concerts for next year's fair; however, concert tours are getting booked earlier and earlier, and Missouri's outdoor summer concert season is beginning to take shape. Here's what's been booked and announced for the area's outdoor concert venues for 2025 so far.
Azura Amphitheater in Bonner Springs, KS
While the Azura Amphitheater has yet to list any concerts on its venue site, one of the biggest summer events for Country fans will play Azura next summer. That is Country Stampede, from June 26 to June 28 at the Bonner Springs, Kansas Venue.
The 2025 Country Stampede lineup for 2025 includes Luke Bryan, Miranda Lambert, and Cole Swindell. This is going to be one fun festival!
Starlight Amphitheatre in Kansas City 
Starlight had one show booked for next year before this year's season ended. Since then, they've added a few more shows. The two biggies are Weird Al Yankovic, who will play the venue on Thursday, June 26, 2025, and Teddy Swims, who brings his "I've Tried Everything But Therapy" tour to Starlight on Saturday, August 23.
Starlight has two other concerts booked: The Driver Era on Sunday, June 29, and the Goo Goo Dolls with Dashboard Confessional on Friday, August 22. The Driver Era, led by Ross and Rocky Lynch, is a unique fusion of alternative rock, pop, and indie vibes. While the Goo Goo Dolls playing Starlight in August is almost a yearly tradition, only interrupted by last year's concert at the Missouri State Fair.
Ozarks Amphitheater has put together a few great seasons of concerts in the Ozarks, blending acts that also play Kansas City and some shows that don't play anywhere else in the area. For 2025, they've also booked the Goo Goo Dolls and Dashboard Confessional for a show on Friday, September 12, and Dwight Yoakam with the Mavericks on Saturday, May 31.
Hollywood Casino Amphitheatre has announced a St. Louis radio station show, Sessanta V 2.0, on Thursday, May 29, featuring Primus, Puscifer, and A Perfect Circle. Then, on Saturday, June 7, Thomas Rhett will bring his Better In Boots Tour to St. Louis.
It's still early for summer concerts to be announced, but once we hit the new year, expect lots of summer tours to be announced and the summer concert schedule to fill out rather quickly.
Gallery Credit: Lisa Borten
Gallery Credit: Jacob Osborn