Katy Perry's next TV appearance is already being slammed by some fans after her recent performance for Capital Radio's Jingle Bell Ball.
The Christmas concert, which also boasts the likes of Coldplay, Teddy Swims, Perrie, KSI, Tom Grennan, Ella Henderson, Becky Hill and Joel Corry on its line-up took place earlier this month. It is set to be broadcast on ITV later today (December 15).
However it won't be long before viewers get to see Perry on their screens again. The singer is already confirmed to be featuring as a guest judge on the next series of Ru Paul's Drag Race with new episodes set to premiere in January 2025.
A trailer for the 17th season of the reality competition show has already been released with a clip of Perry gaining some attention. Many fans have taken to social media to share they are unhappy with something the popstar, known for songs such as Teenage Dream and Firework, says in the footage.
In the clip posted on X, Perry says, allegedly about an upcoming contestant: "She ate, she chewed, she swallowed." This was immediately compared to performances of previous guest judges, primarily Lady Gaga.
One person said: "Gaga would never say something like this, that’s why she gets taken seriously." Another added: "Katy Perry has the ability to make anything sound tacky."
A third suggested: "I don't know she always comes off pretentious with this era, like everyone said, it looks like she's trying so hard to appeal to the point it looks like it's just an act for marketing." However, plenty of others defended Perry with one replying: "If anyone else said this you would all be captioning your next selfie with it."
A fan who attended the Jingle Bell Ball posted online saying how much they enjoyed Perry's performance: "Best time of my life at the Capital Jingle Bell Ball, Coldplay amazing as ever, Katy Perry omg awesome, what a weekend, loving life."
Sharing a similar sentiment another added: "Capital Jingle Bell Ball night two was amazing.
"Becky Hill was absolutely phenomenal loved her & her performance I’ve said it before but wish you well will always be my favourite song to hear live & what a way to end the night with Katy Perry she was fantastic I had a great night."
Capital's Jingle Bell Ball 2024 airs tonight on ITV1 and ITVX at 5.35pm.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.