D-Block Europe is now the British rap act with the most U.K. top 10s.

													By
												

	Lars Brandle


D-Block Europe are kings of the U.K. albums tally with Rolling Stone (via D-Block Europe). 

	The British hip-hop duo’s third album debuts at No. 1 on the Official U.K. Albums Chart, published Friday, Jan. 19, for their first stint at the summit. 

	Comprised of Young Adz and Dirtbike LB, D-Block Europe extends its tally of U.K. top 10 albums to eight– the most of any British rap act in Official Charts history. Mike Skinner’s The Streets is close behind with seven. 






	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					21 Savage		
					






















	
		
					Bill Ryder-Jones		
					






















	
		
					D-Block Europe		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	It’s a British hip-hop 1-2 on the latest U.K. albums tally as 21 Savage bows at No. 2 with American Dream (Epic/Slaughter Gang), for his best solo chart position yet. 





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	







	Born Shéyaa Bin Abraham-Joseph in London, now based in Atlanta, Savage previously led the chart with the 2022 collaborative LP with Drake, Her Loss, and enjoyed a top 10 appearance for 2020’s Savage Mode II with Metro Boomin, peaking at No. 10. Among his solo works, Savage enjoyed a U.K. top 40 with 2021’s i am > i was, peaking at No. 33. Three tracks from American Dream crash the current U.K. singles chart, led by “redrum” at No. 11.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	Completing an all-new top 3 on the albums tally is The Vaccines’ Pick-Up Full of Pink Carnations (Super Easy). The London indie-rock outfit now extends is streak of top 10 albums to six, a run that includes the 2012 chart leader Come Of Age. Pick-Up is the band’s highest chart appearance since 2015’s English Graffiti, which peaked at No. 2.

	As Teddy Swims hit single “Lose Control” lifts into the U.K. top 5 for the first time, its parent album climbs to a new peak. I’ve Tried Everything but Therapy (Part 1) (Atlantic) rises 24-21 in its second week on the tally, the OCC reports.Finally, British singer and songwriter Bill Ryder-Jones earns his first solo top 40 album with Iechyd Da (meaning “good luck” in Welsh), his fifth LP. Released through indie label Domino Recordings, the album is new at No. 30. As a member of The Coral, Ryder-Jones landed a U.K. No. 1 in 2003 with Magic and Medicine.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.