Thomas Rhett's first Las Vegas residency at Fontainebleau went on without a hitch and thrilled crowds earlier this month (12/6-7).
Thomas pulled out all the stops and included an expansive setlist that spanned over a dozen of his 23 chart-topping hits and performed select tracks from his new album About A Woman live for the very first time. The intimate setting of the state-of-the-art 3,800-capacity BleauLive Theater allowed fans to get up close to the music.
As pyrotechnics lit up the stage, Rhett brought his biggest songs to life—including “Craving You,” “Make Me Wanna,” and “What’s Your Country Song”—with the help of his all-star backing band and the special addition of two background vocalists, adding an extra dynamic and a fresh take to fan favorites.
The setlist, which was crafted for the Vegas run, featured a mashup of classic hits from each decade starting in the '50s, including songs from artists like Elvis Presley, NSYNC, Smashmouth, Bruno Mars, and more, showcasing his broad musical influences and keeping the crowd on its toes.
Thomas performed all his newest hits, including the '90s inspired “Feelin' Country” as well as “Beautiful As You,” “After All The Bars Are Closed,” and multiple others from About A Woman. On one of his nights in Vegas, a couple joined him on stage for a proposal during the song “Die A Happy Man,” creating an unforgettable moment, bringing the music to life.
RELATED: Thomas Rhett Says Christmas Is ‘Insane’ At His House
Rhett’s live show hits arenas and amphitheaters all around the world. In June, his 2025 "Better In Boots Tour" will kick off.
He has also launched a tequila brand, Dos Primos, which has Blanco, Reposado, and Añejo variants.
Thomas and Teddy Swims recently teamed up for a new version of "Somethin' ‘Bout a Woman." The song was first released in August on Thomas' About A Woman album as a solo song.
Thomas adds Teddy Swims’ signature vocals to the song, making it a duet. Rhett said of the new collaboration, "This collaboration has been something I’ve been wanting to do for a while now. Teddy and I first met through our producer Julian Bunetta back in 2020, and it was pretty much instant musical chemistry."
He added, "I sang on his song ‘Broke’ and then we ended up writing ‘Angels (Don’t Always Have Wings)’ in under an hour. I’ve been wanting to release something with him again ever since, and his voice on this song is insane."
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!