Nelly performs before the 2024 NASCAR Championship Race at Phoenix Raceway on November 10, 2024 in Avondale, Arizona. The rap artist is set to perform in Birmingham in 2025 on his "Where the Party At Tour."(Photo by John Medina/Getty Images)
Get ready to cheer, if you’re a rap fan in Alabama.
Nelly has announced more than 50 concert dates for 2025, including a show in Birmingham. The iconic artist is set to appear on Sept. 18 at at the new Coca-Cola Amphitheater, headlining a star-studded lineup that includes Ja Rule, Eve, Chingy and Jermaine Dupri. They’ll be traveling on Nelly’s “Where the Party At Tour,” celebrating the 25th anniversary of his debut album, “Country Grammar.”
Tickets for the 7:30 p.m. concert go on sale Friday, Dec. 13, at 10 a.m. CT via Ticketmaster/Live Nation, after a round of pre-sales. Prices are $49.50, $64.50, $79.50 and $99.50, plus service charges, according to promoter Live Nation.
Pre-sales start on Tuesday, Dec. 10, at 10 a.m. CT and end on Thursday, Dec. 12, at 10 p.m. CT, the ticket listing says.
The Coca-Cola Amphitheater, a $46 million concert venue, is under construction and set to be completed in June 2025, according to organizers. The 9,380-seat amphitheater already has announced several concert dates for its debut season, with shows by Styx, Rod Stewart, Matt Rife, Riley Green, Thomas Rhett and Teddy Swims.
READ: Coca-Cola gets naming rights for new Birmingham amphitheater in 10-year deal
Nelly, 50, will be traveling next year on his most extensive tour to date, a publicist says, with stops planned in New Zealand, Australia, Canada, Europe and the United States. The trek starts on March 21 and ends on Sept. 19, reaching the Southern cities near the end of its run. (See the full tour schedule here.)
Birmingham is the only Alabama date on Nelly’s agenda, but the tour also stops in Atlanta (Sept. 12, Lakewood Amphitheatre); Raleigh, North Carolina (Sept. 13, Coastal Credit Union Music Park); Charlotte, North Carolina (Sept. 14, PNC Music Pavilion); Nashville (Sept. 16, Ascend Amphitheater); and Little Rock, Arkansas (Sept. 19, Simmons Bank Arena.)
Setlists will “take fans on a journey through Nelly’s career, including chart-topping hits like ‘Hot in Herre,’ ‘Dilemma’ and ‘Ride wit Me,’” a press release says. “Known for his larger-than-life personality and ability to bridge genres from hip-hop to country, Nelly promises a show packed with surprises.”
Nelly, born Cornell Haynes Jr., initially made his fame with two rap albums, “Country Grammar” (2000) and “Nellyville” (2002). He earned Grammy nominations from the get-go, winning two trophies linked to “Nellyville”: Best Male Rap Solo Performance for “Hot In Herre” and Best Rap/Sung Collaboration for “Dilemma” featuring Kelly Rowland.
Nelly expanded his fan base with the records “Sweat” and “Suit,” both released in 2004, and hit singles such as “Flap Your Wings,” “My Place,” “Tilt Ya Head Back” and “Over and Over.” He’s continued to record and perform over the past two decades, receiving extra acclaim for collaborations with artists such as Nicki Minaj, Chris Brown, Keri Hilson, Rick Ross, T.I., Janet Jackson and more.
Nelly has found crossover success, as well, by collaborating with country stars such as Florida Georgia Line, Tim McGraw and Kane Brown. In 2021, Nelly appeared at the Rock the South festival in Cullman, on a lineup with Luke Combs, Miranda Lambert, Ashley McBryde and Morgan Wade.
In April 2025, he’s booked at the prestigious Stagecoach Festival in Indio, California, alongside country stars such as Jelly Roll, Zach Bryan, Scotty McCreery, Brothers Osborne, Tracy Lawrence and Carly Pearce.
Nelly is no stranger to Birmingham, performing here as far back as 2001. That year, he headlined at the City Stages festival, but his performance on the Miller Lite Stage didn’t go as planned.
“Thunderstorms drenched the downtown site that evening, curtailing most of the headliners,” AL.com said in its recap. “Hardcore rap aficionados stuck around until 12:45 a.m., hunkering in doorways or squatting under festival gear. To his credit, Nelly left his hotel room when the skies finally cleared and performed for about 40 minutes.”
Nelly also performed at the 2011 Schaeffer Eye Center Crawfish Boil in downtown Birmingham, and played in 2017 at Oak Mountain Amphitheatre in Pelham.
More recently, Nelly was the headliner at the 2023 Reese’s Senior Bowl in Mobile. He also was on the lineup for the 2024 Hangout Music Fest in Gulf Shores.
READ: Senior Bowl’s Nelly concert caps big kick-off to Mardi Gras in Mobile
A post shared by CORNELL HAYNES JR (@nelly)
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices