Plus, the five new masks of Group B made their debut.
 Warning: This article contains spoilers for The Masked Singer season 12, episode 4, "Sports Night."

 Sports Night on Wednesday's episode of The Masked Singer quickly became Comedy Roast Night.

 Thanks to guest commentators Joel McHale and Nikki Glaser, both the show itself and panelists Robin Thicke, Rita Ora, Ken Jeong, and Jenny McCarthy-Wahlberg were roasted throughout. Heck, even McHale (frequent TMS guest star) and Glaser (season 8's Snowstorm) roasted themselves, with Glaser referring to McHale as "a guy who’s only here because he must film one TV show per day" at the top of the episode.

 At one point, Glaser joked, “Welcome back to the most entertaining and unnecessary show on TV," and also added that despite being on the show herself the rules of it all were still murky to her.

Michael Becker/fox
 At one point, Glaser and McHale showed old sports photos of each of the panelists as kids, poking fun at each one individually, joking that "Robin looks like he's in the middle of bullying Ken." Speaking of Jeong, naturally McHale had to keep his faux feud with his Community costar going, at one point doing a spot-on impersonation of the wild way in which Jeong makes his guesses.

 All that aside, it was still Sports Night, so each of the contestants — the brand new Group B masks — had to sing songs associated with sports. Thicke and Ora kicked things off by stepping into the ring, literally, with a duet of the Scorpions' "Rock You Like a Hurricane."

 Five all-new masks means five new Masked Ambassadors. For this group, that included Ne-Yo (for Wasp), Glaser (for Chess Piece), Kelly Osbourne (for Bluebell), Dick Van Dyke (for Dust Bunny), and Keenan Allen (for Goo).

 True to the theme, this group came out swinging from jump — Wasp brought the house down with “Rock Your Body” by Justin Timberlake, Chess Piece brought emotion with “Believe” by Cher, Bluebell rocked the stage with “We Belong” by Pat Benatar, Dust Bunny had everyone singing along to “Sweet Caroline” by Neil Diamond, and Goo ended things with a bang to “Lose Control” by Teddy Swims.

 Sign up for Entertainment Weekly's free daily newsletter to get breaking TV news, exclusive first looks, recaps, reviews, interviews with your favorite stars, and more.

Eric Charbonneau/Getty
 Unfortunately someone had to go home, and this time it was Dust Bunny who, well, bit the dust. All of the panelist's final guesses were in the right ballpark, but weren't quite home runs, and for the first time this season there wasn't at least one correct guess in an episode. Jeong guessed Will Ferrell, McCarthy-Wahlberg picked John C. Reilly, Ora chose Jay Leno, and Thicke went with Chevy Chase.

 In the end, Dust Bunny was swept off the stage to reveal comedian, actor, writer, and longtime Conan O'Brien sidekick Andy Richter, while Wasp, Bluebell, Chess Piece, and Goo were sent to next week's Barbie Night to continue their march to the finals.

 The Masked Singer airs Wednesdays at 8 p.m. ET/PT on Fox.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)