Festivalgoers were dealt a major blow after Storm Lilian battered the country and forced Reading and Leeds festival organisers to cancel this weekend's events.
Eager fans had earlier tried to set up their camps in Bramham Park for Leeds Festival ahead of the 2024 three-day music festival weekend, but the storm had caused three stages to be "lost", leaving Brits who had arrived as early as 7am to pitch their tents heartbroken. Organisers said they were "devastated" for attendees as they announced the BBC Radio 1 tent and stage would be closed for the remainder of the weekend.
It means music lovers who forked out hundreds on the event will now miss out on performances from the likes of Chinchilla, Jorja Smith, Swim School, and The Wombats who were all set to play the Radio 1 stage over the weekend. The Aux stage was set to be the home for podcasts over the weekend with the likes of Antics with Ash, Spill The Sound, Gym Girls Locker Room and Things I Wish My Mum Had Told Me all set to record episodes from the festival.
The news has understandably devastated fans and left them questioning whether they'll be able to get their money back, with several taking to social media to voice their fury. In a statement posted to X this evening, Reading and Leeds Festival told those with tickets to its Leeds event: "Unfortunately the health and safety team have now confirmed we will not be able use the BBC Radio 1 tent & stage tomorrow or Sunday.
"We are devastated for you and of course the artists that were eager to play. That is the same for the Aux stage too. Mother nature has played her part. On the positive side, we are able to be reasonably sure the Chevron will be fit to play tomorrow and will be opened by The Useless Hotline at midday."
Taking to X, one mum wrote: "Absolutely shocking, my 17-year-old daughter's tent is still standing but you can't run your stages!!! All that money and half the acts aren't playing, she was desperate to see Teddy swims, partial refunds are well in order! Same amount paid as reading tickets for way less acts!"
Another angry customer demanded they get their money back, responding: "You couldn’t host the artists on the stage you’re not using?? Paid almost £400 to miss the best artists And savage was on for 12 minutes? Shambles. At least give us a day worth of tickets back. “Act by god” I don’t believe in him mate, do believe I just wasted £100 on this tho."
One simply said: "Refunds? I didn’t come to Leeds to listen to dance music we came to listen to bands", while another dedicated festivalgoer, who has attended the Leeds events five years in a row, said she wasn't sure if she'd be back after Friday's carnage.
She said: "Paid the same amount as reading tickets, but we get way less acts. Why can’t you try fit the artists onto other stages? I love Leeds, it's my 5th year. But questioning coming back next year after this."
Others slammed organisers for not being prepared enough, given that unsettled weather had been forecasted all week. One person said: "The weather has been forecasted all week, this wasn't a colossal surprise! This festival has been going for over 20 years so you should have backup plans based on extreme weather. Refunds should be given you are charging a fortune with half the acts missing."
Another added: "We’re at the back end of August, how can you guys not have been prepared for bad weather. You’ve been running for 25 years and it’s a well known fact what the British weather is like, to not have sufficient structure builds which withhold the weather is disgraceful."
Reading and Leeds Festival are yet to announce plans regarding refunds or compensation for visitors who have been affected by the storm.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.