By
Clayton Edwards
Tonight, music lovers from across the country tuned in to watch the 2024 MTV VMAs. Many of those fans were tuning in to see Teddy Swims perform. While he did perform, he didn’t get much screen time. Taking over the Doritos Extended Stage, Swims didn’t get the chance to perform a full song on the broadcast.
Swims appeared first performing his smash hit “Lose Control.” However, after only about thirty seconds, the broadcast went to a commercial break. Later, he appeared a second time to deliver “The Door.” Again, he was onscreen for less than a minute before the program moved on to something else. It was just enough to give everyone a sample of his vocal prowess.
[RELATED: Teddy Swims Brings His Genre-Bending Sound to the 2024 MTV VMAs with a Short But Soulful “Lose Control” Performance]
Fans who were hoping to see Swims wow the crowd with his powerful voice and soulful delivery were disappointed, to say the least. As a result, they took to social media to share their grievances.
I can’t believe Teddy Swims’ performance is on a side small Doritos whatever stage and DJ Khaled is jumping on the main stage where he doesn’t even have to be,” one fan tweeted.
“They need to stop cutting real singers off…” another opined.
There were plenty more tweets of people sharing their frustration with the shortened performances, However, it wasn’t all negative. His fans shared plenty of love for the “Funeral” singer.
Another called him a “palette cleanser” between the other acts. Many others chimed in saying that he deserved to be on the main stage.
Maybe more importantly, those short performances were enough to earn Swims some new fans.
“They are doing everyone a favor by making Teddy Swims sing a quarter of each song because he is easily outshining them. I’m honestly amazed. I wasn’t familiar with his game,” one viewer said.
Another viewer who was previously unfamiliar with Swims said, “…after he performed, he should be the best new artist instead of the ppl there. Should be him, Tyla, and Shaboozey.”
just added teddy swims to my library #VMAs #VMA pic.twitter.com/OBYK27LxJM
Swims’ fans aren’t gatekeeping. Instead, they’re happy to see more people recognizing his talent. “Y’all finally getting on the Teddy Swims train,” one fat noted.
Featured Image by Anthony Harvey/Shutterstock
Only members can comment. Become a member. Already a member? Log in.
3 Live Classic Rock Songs Where the Audience Takes Over the Singing
Before the Fame, Eddie Van Halen Experienced and Overcame a “Horrifying Racist Environment”
3 One-Hit Wonder Novelty Songs From the 50s and 60s That You Know by Heart

			© 2025 American Songwriter			American Songwriter: a Savage Ventures Brand