United Cajun Navy to focus search of missing Riley Strain on Cumberland River in Nashville – LINK
Cumberland County Chipotle manager charged for alleged lewd acts inside restaurant – LINK
What bro country sounds like to people who don’t like bro country
Florida man hunting turkeys mistakenly shot decoy and another man, police say – LINK
MUSIC
Eagles are expected to land in Las Vegas for a Sphere residency later this year, the New York Post reports – LINK
Blink-182, The Killers and deftones will be among the headliners at this year’s Lollapalooza. The festival is set August 1st through the 4th at Grant Park in Chicago. Passes go on sale Thursday. Other acts performing include Pierce the Veil, Teddy Swims, The Last Dinner Party, Briston Maroney, Boywithuke, Wilderado and Brigette Calls Me Baby – LINK
Here’s a sentence that might make you feel a bit old — Scott Stapp of Creed is a grandfather. The 50-year-old posed for a photo with his grandson Cash, born last September, and his 25-year-old son Jagger for a People magazine article. Stapp, who has three other children from the ages of 6 to 17, says “I don’t feel like a grandpa! I look at myself and I’m like, when I was a kid, grandpas had gray hair and a cane. So maybe it’s the food and the vitamins and everything else we’ve learned on how to better take care of ourselves. But a grandpa I am and a proud one at that” – LINK
Sum 41 frontman Derek Whibley is the latest rock star to pen a memoir. Walking Disaster: My Life Through Heaven and Hell will be published on October 8th. The title comes from a single on Sum 41’s 2007 album Underclass Hero – LINK
N’Sync’s Joey Fatone wants us all to know that the guys are not waiting for JT to call them, okay.  He says, quote, “A lot of conversations do come up where there’s a few things that have been spoken and we go, ‘No, we’re not gonna do it’ . . .There’s been times I’ve said no.  You have to . . . schedules and everybody’s doing things, so either it works out or it doesn’t” – LINK
Beyoncé revealed the cover art for her new album “Act 2: Cowboy Carter”, which is incredible, but it’s her caption that’s making waves.  She said that the album was, quote, “born out of an experience years ago where I did not feel welcomed . . . This ain’t a country album.  This is a Beyoncé album” – LINK
Ariana Grande settled her divorce.  She’s giving her ex a one-time payment of $1.25 million. “A Los Angeles Superior Court judgment dissolving their marriage of nearly three years became official Tuesday according to the Associated Press. The 30-year-old singer and 28-year-old real estate broker separated more than a year ago and had no children or pre-nuptial agreement in place” – LINK
Josh Homme and Friends benefit in L.A. Artists include: Beck, Dave Grohl, Chad Smith (Red Hot Chili Peppers), Matt Helders (Arctic Monkeys), St. Vincent
TV
Travis Kelce is in talks to host a celebrity-focused reboot of  “Are You Smarter Than a Fifth Grader?” that would stream via Amazon Prime Video, reports Variety – LINK 
Jeff Goldblum plays the Greek god Zeus in the new Netflix show “Kaos”.
MOVIES
Happy Gilmore meets The Bad News Bears is what some are saying about Johnny Knoxville’s new movie. The “Jackass” stars in a new film from Paramount called Sweet Dreams which some are saying is “the next great sports movie.”  
Check out Chris Hemsworth and Anya Taylor-Joy in the latest trailer for “Furiosa: A Mad Max Saga”.  It hits theaters May 24th and it looks really good – LINK 
A live action “Popeye” movie is in development.  It’s been 44 years since Robin Williams BRILLIANTLY played him in the 1980 film – LINK 
Check out the trailer for the new “Star Wars” series, “The Acolyte” – LINK 
MISC
Jenny McCarthy was on ‘Watch What Happens Live’ and talked about her time at the Playboy Mansion saying quote, “There was so much, still, sex going on with gross celebrities in the grotto areas and stuff like that . . . There were only hot women and the ugliest dudes.” She added, quote, “Unfortunately, for every 20 guys, it was 1 girl.  So the guys were just in heaven.  But also the guys were over 70 years old.  Oh God, they were like, really, really old.  It was like Viagra central.” One thing Jenny didn’t have to do was have sex with Hugh Hefner, because he was married to Kimberly Conrad at the time.  She says, quote, “I was there when his kids were throwing bacon at me in high chairs.  It was the perfect time.” She says Pamela Anderson was lucky enough to be around at the same time – LINK
AUDIO: Jenny McCarthy was on the “Watch What Happens Live” after show on Monday and was asked about her times at the wild Playboy parties.  Here’s what she told Andy Cohen.
AUDIO 2: Becoming Playmate of the Year doesn’t always guarantee success in finding more work.  In 1995, Jenny McCarthy wanted to be the co-host on MTV’s “Singled Out” but they didn’t want her.  She told Andy Cohen how she snuck into the job.
TV TONIGHT
Wednesday, March 20th
TOP TALK SHOW GUESTS:
DON’T MISS TV:
WHAT TO STREAM:
All listings are subject to change
Laila Anderson — the optimistic, disease-fighting kid who inspired the 2019 Blues during their run to the team’s first championship just won her own cup! Laila who is now 15 had battled hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis — a rare and potentially fatal autoimmune disease — that was isolated in her brain. She underwent 10 weeks of chemotherapy. And she received a bone marrow transplant in January 2019, the same month that the Blues, at the bottom of the standings, began their miraculous run to the playoffs. Laila now plays hockey! The Blue Note Cup tournament, hosted by the Blues and the Missouri Hockey Youth Division, is an annual showcase of the region’s top youth hockey squads. And Laila’s team, the Chesterfield Lady Falcons, won the Cup in the Bantam (B3) Division. The team they beat in the finals was actually a co-ed team as well. Congrats Laila. Hochman: Remember Laila? Now 15, Blues fan who overcame rare disease plays hockey (and even won a Cup!) – LINK
3 third period goals helped get the Blues some points against one of the worst teams in the league. Blues got a 4-2 victory last night over the Ducks Sunday. But then St. Louis miscues and penalties granted the high-flying Avalanche extra help last night as the Blues’ four-game win streak ended. Blues’ win streak ends at four with 4-3 loss to Mikko Rantanen, Avalanche – LINK  Power-play changes provide spark for Blues in win over Anaheim: Blues Extra LINK
Mahomes and fellow Kansas City Chiefs star Travis Kelce are opening 1587 Prime, a steakhouse in Kansas City, MO, according to Today. Named after their jersey numbers, the Super Bowl champions’ upcoming restaurant is in partnership with Noble 33, a global hospitality group.
“Travis and I have become frequent visitors of Noble 33 restaurants in other cities so it only made sense to bring something special to our own community in Kansas City,” Mahomes shared, according to Today.
Kelce chimed in, “We’re excited to be a part of this journey with Noble 33 to create a one-of-a-kind dining experience, and what better place to start than our very own Kansas City.”
The outlet details that 1587 Prime is set to feature numerous private dining rooms, a meat display and a chef’s kitchen that spotlights Mahomes’ and Kelce’s NFL victories in a subtle way. What’s more, according to Noble 33, the restaurant will have one of the largest wine collections in Missouri. Patrick Mahomes To Open A ‘One-Of-A-Kind’ Steakhouse In Kansas City, MO – LINK
Need help accessing the FCC Public File due to a disability? Please contact Melissa Johnson at publicfilestlouis@hubbardradio.com
This web site is not intended for users located within the European Economic Area.

YouTube Terms of Service |
        Google Privacy Policy |
        Google Terms of Service 

© 2025 Hubbard Radio St. Louis, LLC