The Met Office has given people some good news - the exact date it’s finally going to get warmer! A heat health alert was this afternoon issued for later in the week - with temperatures set to soar to around 28C.
Although the health alert is for the Midlands and South East it’ll get hot in the rest of the country too. The Met Office and UK Heath Security Agency alerts say the problems might include: “Minor impacts are probable across the health and social care sector, including: increased use of healthcare services by the vulnerable population; increase in risk of mortality amongst vulnerable individuals and increased potential for indoor environments to become very warm.”
The yellow heat health alert has been issued for the East Midlands, East of England, London, and South East. It is in effect between Wednesday August 28 at 1am until Thursday at 9am.
The Met Office said the grim weather this Bank Holiday weekend had been “a taste of autumn” as temperatures fell widely into single figures overnight ahead of a fresh Sunday morning.
Met Office meteorologist Craig Snell said Sunday “started on a sunny and bright note for a lot of the UK” as clouds moved in over Northern Ireland and western Scotland. Potentially come the end of the afternoon we could just see some gales along the Irish Sea coast. And with the cloud, wind and rain combined, for most of us it can be feeling fairly chilly for the time of year.
“But down towards the south east where we hang on to the sunshine for the longest we will just climb up to about 20C or 21C.” Following the bank holiday weekend for England, Wales and Northern Ireland, warmer conditions are expected to develop during next week in central and eastern areas, with the possibility of some hot weather for a time.
The mix of sunshine and showers comes as Storm Lilian, which brought strong winds exceeding 70mph to northern parts of England and Wales and travel disruption, left behind some scattered downpours in northern and western areas.
On Friday evening, Leeds Festival organisers confirmed the BBC Radio 1 stage and the brand-new Aux stage would not reopen for scheduled performances on Saturday or Sunday, which were expected to feature stars including Jorja Smith, Teddy Swims, and The Wombats. The decision came as “mother nature has played her part”, they said.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.