The biggest influence on baby names in 2025 is predicted to come from the break-out artists of 2024, as expectant parents draw inspiration from viral music moments. For girls, experts anticipate a significant increase in the name Sabrina, inspired by singer Sabrina Carpenter.
The name has been gradually gaining popularity since 2018 but, following Sabrina Carpenter's rise to fame this year, it's expected to surge in 2025, with Google searches for the first name increasing by 65%. Charli XCX is also set to inspire the next generation of baby girls.
Google searches around the name Charli peaked during the summer of 2024 and have remained high since. For boys, Teddy, inspired by rising star Teddy Swims, is predicted to enter the top 10 most popular names for the first time in 2025, having already risen 11 places since the release of his chart-topping single, Lose Control.
Country music also gained a new following in 2024. From Beyonce's album, Cowboy Carter, to Taylor Swift's iconic Eras tour, 2024 saw country music enter the mainstream.
One of the biggest breakout stars, country-pop star, Gracie Abrams, is set to influence baby name trends next year. Despite the name only ranking 72 in the current charts, the name is already catching on with Google searches for the name rising 80% in the last year, reports Wales Online.
According to research by British name label manufacturer mynametags.com, after musicians, sports stars will have the biggest influence on baby names in 2025. Following a successful summer at the Euros, it's anticipated that midfielder Jude Bellingham will inspire a new generation of Judes.
The historical name, dating back thousands of years, has seen a resurgence recently, with Google searches for the name peaking this July. Another sports star expected to impact baby name trends in 2025 is Olympian Adam Peaty.
Despite the name's declining popularity, with 400 fewer Adams born according to the latest figures compared to five years ago, experts predict that news of the British swimmer's retirement will inspire a new generation following a 73% increase in Google searches for the name. Parents' viewing habits are also set to influence the next generation of baby names.
Name experts predict the hugely successful third season of Bridgerton will inspire a generation of baby Penelopes, named after the main character. There has been a 4% spike in the number of babies named Penelope since series one launched in 2019, and this is expected to accelerate as parents look to the regency romance for inspiration.
The name Eddie is expected to be a popular choice for parents-to-be, inspired by the character played by Theo James in Netflix's fourth most-watched series of 2024, The Gentlemen. Similarly, Leo Woodall, star of One Day and the highly anticipated next instalment of Bridget Jones, is predicted to cause an increase in baby boys named Leo.
On the silver screen, British actress Florence Pugh continues to inspire future parents. The name Florence has climbed 18 places since her Hollywood debut a decade ago and is forecasted to break into the top five next year following the release of her latest film, We Live in Time, in January.
Lars B Andersen, Managing Director at mynametags.com, commented: "We have been tracking name trends for over two decades and know how parents are often influenced by TV, film, and pop culture. However, 2024 has been the year of the viral musician, and we expect this to strongly impact 2025 baby names as Brits look to take inspiration from new icons."
"Other big cultural moments of the past year will also be at the front of expectant parents' minds, with the stars of the Paris Olympics and Euros influencing the next generation of sporting heroes."
Top baby boy name predictions for 2025: Top baby girl name predictions for 2025:.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.