Joe Trezza
Nationals Park will have a shiny new look in 2024 -- and it will be tough to miss.
The ballpark received its most significant structural upgrades since it opened in 2008 this winter, the result of a comprehensive technological facelift meant to modernize the 16-year-old stadium.
The centerpiece is a brand new 4,780-square foot main LED scoreboard, which replaces the former structure beyond the right-field seats. Also new is the 12-by-102-foot out-of-town scoreboard on the right-center-field wall. Both scoreboards will present images with 8MM clarity -- two times the resolution of the original display -- making Nationals Park one of just a handful of MLB stadiums with that capability, according to the team.
Along with higher image quality, the scoreboards’ back-end control systems offer enhanced stats and graphics capabilities to improve fan experience for curious viewers. Want to know how CJ Abrams’ latest home run metrics compare to previous blasts? The new tech will allow the Nats’ game presentation team to quickly inform audiences with faster, more in-depth charts and information on the new scoreboards.
But that’s not the park’s only new feature.
The stadium was also equipped with new LED boards behind home plate and energy-efficient LED field lighting, as well as the audio-visual equipment and state-of-the-art technology required to take full advantage of these new elements.
All told, 9,000 square feet of signage was replaced this offseason and more than 400 new light fixtures were installed on existing steel structures. The ribbon boards throughout the park, which run from foul pole to foul pole and divide the loge and mezzanine levels, have been upgraded to 10MM resolution.
The stadium will also receive improvements to its speaker and audio systems as part of a phased approach that will extend through the 2024 season.
Nationals Park ushered in a new chapter of baseball in the nation’s capital when it opened in 2008. The next chapter will be all about high-resolution, state-of-the-art tech and clarity.
The Nationals also revealed several new food items that will be available this season at the stadium, and two uniform upgrades: A new white and blue pullover jersey featuring the vintage capitol "W" logo and updated road grays that feature "Washington" in blue block lettering, reminiscent of the lettering used by the Washington Senators in the early 1900s.
BALLPARK FOOD ALERTcoming this season at @nationalspark 🤩 pic.twitter.com/g3fmibZWdn
The Nats’ home opener on April 1 vs. the Pirates will have a distinctively local feel, with former mayor Anthony Williams throwing out the ceremonial first pitch. D.C. Washington will perform the national anthem, while current mayor Muriel Bowser will give the call to “Play Ball!” prior to first pitch at 4:05 p.m ET.
Also new at Nats Park this year:
Nats Summer Concert Series
Learn more at Nats.com/SummerConcerts
Tuesdays at Nats Park
Some restrictions apply. Visit Nats.com/Tuesday for more.
Special Ticket Events
Promotional Giveaways