ANDY Carroll has grown close to celebrity hairdresser Lou Teasdale following his split from Billi Mucklow, sources claim.
The former West Ham ace confirmed to The Sun On Sunday he was divorcing Billi after two years of marriage.
Lou, 40, who is best known for being One Direction’s hair stylist, split from her boyfriend, SAS Who Dares Wins star Jay Morton in January last year.
Sources claim Andy, 35, and Lou, 40, started hanging out together after he had ended his union with 36-year-old former Towie star Billi.
An insider said: “Andy and Lou have apparently been on a few dates and people have said she’s even been to France, where he plays for Bordeaux, to see him.
“Billi will be shocked when she hears that Andy appears to have moved on so quickly.
“Her only concern has been for the three children they share together.”
Andy and Billi have three children aged nine, six, and four. Andy also has two children, aged 15, and 14, from a previous relationship.
They had been together for 11 years and wed at the Four Seasons hotel in Hampshire in 2022.
In a statement to The Sun On Sunday, Andy said: “Billi and I have privately separated earlier this year and we are under way with our divorce proceedings.
“It has been a hard few months for our family and we continue to move forward amicably for our children.”
Friends close to Andy and Billi said they were trying to focus on creating a stable environment for their children.
Their wedding in the summer of 2022 almost didn’t happen after a photograph from Andy’s stag do in Dubai showed him in bed with two women.
Billi initially moved out of their home but later forgave Andy when one of the women, Taylor Jane Wilkey, insisted nothing had happened between them.
Andy currently splits his time between the UK and France, after signing to fourth tier side Bordeaux.
He previously played for Newcastle, Liverpool and West Ham and scored 54 goals in 248 appearances for his clubs.
©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO)
Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click this link: thesun.co.uk/editorial-complaints/