The Foo Fighters dropped a bombshell on fans by cancelling their upcoming festival gig.
The legendary group took to social media to break the news, with a statement saying: "Foo Fighters will no longer be appearing at this weekend's Soundside Music Festival. Please check the festival website for more information."
Following the Foos' unexpected exit, Jack White and Greta Van Fleet have stepped up to rock the stage this Sunday for the show in Bridgeport, Connecticut. The festival's Twitter feed confirmed the shake-up, posting: "Unfortunately, Foo Fighters have announced they're no longer performing this weekend."
Boyz II Men, Noah Kahan, Goo Goo Dolls, Bleachers, Norah Jones, and Teddy Swims fill out the stellar line-up for the weekend extravaganza.
READ MORE: Phillip Schofield facing spiders, killer fungus and 'no food or water' in TV comeback
Click for more brilliant Daily Star TV stories
This plot twist for the Foos comes hot on the heels of a personal revelation from frontman David Grohl, who just two weeks ago owned up to fathering a child outside his marriage. Taking to Instagram, he shared his hopes to rebuild trust Jordyn Blum, mum to their three kids.
He wrote: "I've recently become the father of a new baby daughter, born outside of my marriage. I plan to be a loving and supportive parent to her. I love my wife and my children, and I am doing everything I can to regain their trust and earn their forgiveness."
Dave also implored fans by asking: "We're grateful for your consideration toward all the children involved, as we move forward together."
Dave's marriage history with former model and telly producer Jordyn spans over two decades, having first locked eyes in 2001 and tying the knot two years later. Together they've grown a family which includes Violet, 18, Harper, 15, and Ophelia, 10.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.