Organisers of the MTV Video Music Awards (VMAs) have changed the date of the ceremony to avoid a clash with a televised US presidential debate.
The showdown between vice president Kamala Harris, the Democratic nominee, and Republican former president Donald Trump was announced last week by ABC News for September 10.
Bosses at the VMAs moved their event to September 11.
On Monday, Paramount+ said: “In observance of the 23rd anniversary of 9/11, MTV will again support the non-profit 9/11 Day, which organises the September 11 National Day of Service and Remembrance, and Tuesday’s Children, which serves the families of 9/11.”
US singer Sabrina Carpenter, Cuba-born star and former Fifth Harmony member Camila Cabello, and US singer Chappell Roan will be among the performers.
Carpenter has six nominations at this year’s awards, and Roan has been recognised for the first time.
Leading the 2024 nominations is US superstar Taylor Swift with 10 nods.
The 34-year-old has been nominated eight times for Post Malone collaboration Fortnight.
Malone has nine nominations, with eight for Fortnight and another for best collaboration for I Had Some Help, recorded with Morgan Wallen.
Swift will compete against Ariana Grande, Bad Bunny, Eminem, Carpenter and SZA for artist of the year.
She will also face Carpenter in the song of the year category, along with Teddy Swims, Jack Harlow, Beyonce and Kendrick Lamar.
Last year’s ceremony saw Swift take home nine awards, taking her total number of VMA awards to 23. Beyonce still has more gongs, with 28.
The awards ceremony will take place from 1am UK time on Thursday September 11 at the UBS Arena in New York’s Long Island.
Last year, Paramount+ cancelled the MTV Europe Music Awards (EMAs) in Paris over the “volatility of world events” amid the conflict in Israel and the Gaza Strip.
Manchester will host the EMAs for the first time with an event at the new Co-op Live arena on November 10.

                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                

                            Last Updated: 

Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.