She joins other headliners including The Maccabees and Barry Can’t Swim
RAYE has been confirmed as the latest headliner lined up for All Points East 2025. Find ticket details below.
The multi-award-winning singer-songwriter will be headining to the Victoria Park site on August 23, where she’ll top the bill for next year’s edition of All Points East.
It comes following the release of last year’s debut album ‘My 21st Century Blues’, which has seen her nominated for the 2023 Mercury Prize, take home a record number of awards at the 2024 BRIT Awards, nominated for two trophies at the 2025 Grammys, and win Best UK & Ireland Act at this year’s MTV EMAs.
She is the third headliner announced for next year’s All Points East line-up, following on from confirmation that Barry Can’t Swim and The Maccabees will be performing on August 22 and 24, respectively.
Multi-Brit award winner and Grammy nominee, @raye, is your next All Points East headliner ✨
Next summer, the South London singer-songwriter will be bringing her unique blend of R&B, soul, dance and jazz to London’s Victoria Park, with a full lineup to be announced! 
This is… pic.twitter.com/AzgvSfvYF6
— All Points East (@allpointseastuk) November 12, 2024
“London…we are headlining All Points East festival – Saturday 23 August 2025,” RAYE wrote on Instagram Stories, confirming the news this morning. “We are going to be bringing you a beautiful show full of passion and incredible musicians to Victoria Park. I’m going to work hard to make it the most beautiful show we are capable of.”
Tickets for her set go on sale this Friday (November 15) at 10am GMT, and pre-sale options will be available from Thursday (November 14) at the same time. Tickets for previously announced headliners are on sale now, and you can buy tickets here.
AUGUST 
22 – Barry Can’t Swim, Victoria Park, London
23 – RAYE, Victoria Park, London [NEW]
24 – The Maccabees, Victoria Park, London
The announcement comes just days after the ‘Escapism’ singer earned nods at the 2025 Grammy Awards for Best New Artist, alongside Chappell Roan, Sabrina Carpenter, Shaboozey, Boone, Teddy Swims, Doechii and Khruangbin.
She is also up for Non-Classical and Best Engineered Album, Non-Classical for her work on Lucky Daye‘s album ‘Algorithm’. See the full list of nominations here.
“I woke up feeling worried and overthinking my future then got nominated for two Grammys,” the singer wrote on social media, reacting to the news, while Olivia Rodrigo congratulated her in the comments.
Last year, RAYE spoke to NME about her output so far at the 2023 Mercury Prize, and said that the recognition for her work was something she wanted “for a really long time”.
“It really feels like people have taken the time to dig into this album and I know that this shortlist will bring even more ears to people who have never heard it or heard of me,” she said. “It’s growth, it’s stepping stones, but it’s also just ridiculously unexpected. You know, all of the positive words in the dictionary listed here.”
More recently, she told fans her long-awaited second album isn’t coming “any time soon” however, after her writing books were stolen along with her car.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.