Kylie has added yet more UK dates to her 2025 tour.
Kylie Minogue has added another set of dates to her 2025 tour due to the "huge demand" from last Friday's sale – perhaps an understatement, considering one show sold out in just eight minutes!
The legendary pop princess has added three "final UK dates" to her Tension 25 tour in London, Birmingham and Glasgow, all taking place next June.
These dates go alongside the 11 already sold-out shows in May, at cities such as Newcastle, Manchester, Liverpool and more.
The Tension 25 tour is set to be Kylie's biggest tour in a decade, with the pop star covering Australia and Asia before heading to the UK.
If you missed out the first time, here's how you can get tickets to these new dates today.
Jump to:
Minogue has added three new UK tour dates following the incredible demand of the previous sale. Here's when and where they are:
The rest of the shows have very low availability or are now sold out, but there may be some re-sale opportunities available on Ticketmaster. Just in case, here's the rest of the tour dates:
Pre-sale for the new UK tour dates began at 10am on Thursday 3rd October. This was an AEG Presents pre-sale and a Spotify pre-sale.
Otherwise, tickets are on general sale right now, having gone live at 10am this morning (Friday 4th October).
Buy Kylie Minogue tickets at Ticketmaster
If you've had no luck with Ticketmaster, there are a number of hospitality packages available on Seat Unique, both for the new dates and the previously-announced ones.
Prices for these start at £250 and include a range of perks, including a guaranteed seat and access to VIP lounges and bars.
Buy Kylie Minogue hospitality tickets at Seat Unique
Sign up for our Going Out newsletter to receive the latest updates on new ticket releases, plus inspiration for how to spend your weekend.
By entering your details you are agreeing to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. You can unsubscribe at any time.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Make sure you also check out how to see Bridgerton in concert and our Hadestown review. Plus the best Bridgerton experiences.
Sign up to receive our newsletter!
By entering your details, you are agreeing to site title privacy policy. You can unsubscribe at any time.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Subscribe to Radio Times magazine and get £10 issues for £10!
Releasing equity from your home could help give you the retirement you've been dreaming of?
Need inspiration of where to go next? Escorted tour, river cruise, yacht cruise, short break. Request a free brochure and start your journey. Now taking bookings for 2025, 2026 and 2027!