The twin festival will return for the August Bank Holiday weekend
Teddy Swims, Kid Kapichi, FLO and more have been announced as new names for this year’s edition of Reading & Leeds Festival.
Other new acts announced who will join the bill for the annual twin-site festival include Bradley Simpson (frontman of The Vamps), Frozemode, Jessie Murph, Swim School, Dead Poet Society, The Luka State, The Oozes, Bears in Trees, ThxSoMch, Talk Show, Zino Vinci, Seb Lowe, Good Neighbours, Felix Ames and more.
New acts who have been announced to perform on the brand-new Chevron stage include Jaguar, Mette, LeoStayTrill, and Efan. The new stage will also play host to late night acts at both sites, including Nathan Dawe and power ballad club night Ultimate Power, bringing tunes and singalongs to revellers.
Sota, Overmono, Dr. Dubplate, DJ Semtex, it’s murph, Oppidan, Notion, Yemz, Arthi, Chloe Caillet, Saint Ludo, Simula and Gia are also set to play at this year’s festival on the fan favourite and Leeds exclusive LS23 stage.
A post shared by Reading & Leeds Festival (@officialrandl)
The addition of new acts to the Reading & Leeds bill comes after a second wave of performers – including the likes of Fontaines D.C., Reneé Rapp, Pendulum, Denzel Curry, Kenny Beats, Beabadoobee, Kenya Grace, Nia Archives, Two Door Cinema Club, Neck Deep, The Wombats, Ashnikko, David Kushner, Rachel Cinouriri, Hak Baker, The Last Dinner Party, Sonny Fodera and more – was revealed.
Liam Gallagher, Lana Del Rey, Blink-182, Fred Again.., Gerry Cinnamon and Catfish & The Bottlemen were previously revealed as this year’s festival headliners.
21 Savage, Jorja Smith (in a UK festival exclusive) and The Prodigy, were also previously announced as additions to the bill back in November.
Reading and Leeds which will return for the August Bank Holiday weekend. Tickets are on sale now for both locations and are available for purchase here (for Reading) and here (for Leeds).
Both Del Rey’s and Fred Again..’s headlining sets will be UK exclusives, while Blink-182 return for their first Reading and Leeds since 2014.
Catfish last headlined in 2021 amidst rumours of a split, before guitarist Johnny “Bondy” Bond confirmed that he had left the band.
Gallagher, meanwhile, will be following his UK and Ireland tour celebrating 30 years of Oasis’ seminal ‘Definitely Maybe‘ by playing the album in full.
In other news, FLO recently shared their sensual new single ‘Walk Like This’, marking their first release of the year.
Elsewhere, Teddy Swims appeared on BBC Radio 1‘s Live Lounge with a soulful cover of Taylor Swift’s ‘Cruel Summer’.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.