Teddy Swims performs earlier this month at the Tortuga Music Festival in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. The singer/songwriter is coming to Syracuse in September.Getty Images
Teddy Swims, whose single “Lose Control” recently hit No. 1 on the Billboard chart, is coming to Syracuse.
The 31-year-old singer/songwriter will play the Landmark Theatre at 8 p.m. on Tuesday, Sept. 24. Tickets go on sale at 10 a.m. Friday on Ticketmaster.
His tour, “I’ve Tried Everything But Therapy,” will be in Europe, Asia and Australia for much of the spring and summer before returning to the U.S. in August. Swims is making a second stop in Upstate New York at the Palace Theatre in Albany on Thursday, Sept. 26.
Swims gained notoriety by posting cover songs to YouTube in 2019, including Michael Jackson’s “Rock With You” and Shania Twain’s “You’re Still The One.”
He reached the Billboard 200 first the first time in 2022 with “Tough Love.”
Most know Swims from the single “Lose Control,” which topped the Billboard Hot 100 on March 30, 2024.
“Lose Control” made chart history, spending 32 weeks in the Hot 100 before reaching No. 1, “marking the longest run to No. 1, by weeks on the chart, for a title by a solo male in the list’s 65-year history,” according to Billboard.com.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices