By 

	Emily Zemler


Meghan Trainor stopped by The Tonight Show to perform her new song “Whoops” and to chat with host Jimmy Fallon about her LP, Timeless. The singer was joined by a group of dancers for an upbeat performance of the song, which got a music video earlier this week. 

	“Whoops” is the fourth single off Trainor’s recent album Timeless, following songs such as “To the Moon,” “Been Like This” with T-Pain, and “I Wanna Thank Me” with Niecy Nash. Trainor debuted the track live on Today. 

	“I want them to listen to the self-love anthems and hopefully that helps them,” Trainor said about the LP on Today. “It’s all the stuff I’m going through as a mom: trying to learn to love myself after two C-sections and being kinder to myself. I hope it makes [people] smile.”

	Trainor sat down with Fallon to chat about the meaning behind Timeless, which she said is about the “crazy fear” that she won’t live forever that she developed after having a kid. “I wish I was timeless,” she explained. “I hope to write that music that’s timeless in hundreds of years.” 

	










	Fallon later challenged her the “Singing Whisper Challenge,” which included “MMMBop” by Hanson and “Espresso” by Sabrina Carpenter. 





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Elon Musk: It Is ‘Outrageous’ to ‘Claim That I’m a Nazi’		
	









	
	
		
					'SNL' Weekend Update Roasts Trump's Pope Dream, Stock Market Pleas		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	








Timeless follows the release of Takin’ It Back in 2022, which featured songs such as “Made You Look” and “Bad For Me” with Teddy Swims. Trainor will follow the LP with her first tour in seven years this summer and fall. She’ll stop at amphitheaters across America, along with the Kia Forum in L.A. and New York’s Madison Square Garden.
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.