The Bank Holiday weekend is nearly upon us, which means eager campers will be descending upon Reading Festival and Leeds Festival.
Massive crowds are expected to occupy Bramham Park in Leeds and Richfield Avenue in Reading for a triumphant weekend filled with music, food, and relentless partying.
This year's lineup boasts a spectacular array of artists, featuring the likes of Raye, 21 Savage, Lana Del Rey, Teddy Swims, Blink-182, and Liam Gallagher.
Campers are likely to begin their festival preparations from today (Thursday, August 22), aiming to get their tents arranged well before the festivities kick-off.
However, early bird ticket holders were setting up on Wednesday (August 21). And the weather left many "freezing" overnight, with fierce winds wreaking havoc on tents.
  READ MORE:    RADAR Festival 2024: One of the UK’s most vital and exciting festivals  
UK temperatures are expected to soar to 23C over the weekend, but on Wednesday the Met Office warned: "Often windy for the next few days, with strong and gusty south-westerly winds developing." A yellow wind warning has been issued for tomorrow, specifically concerning northern England - Leeds included.
Amidst the weather chaos, early arrivers to both sites have taken to TikTok, posting videos showcasing their camps succumbing to the gales. Early this morning, one festival-goer remarked: "It's too windy to sit in our tent so we choose to sit outside at 6am."
TikTok user @thisisleeroy uploaded footage depicting the interior of a tent being violently buffeted by the wind. They said: "The wind is really making an appearance at Leeds Fest. Praying for everyone's tents tonight."
A number of other festival-goers have shared their experiences in the comments, with one attendee saying: "I want to go home (I'm not even there yet)." Another complained: "Thought my tent was going to fly off last night." While a third voiced: "It was so cold."
We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy
Another camper revealed it was "freezing" in their tent. "Half my tent collapsed, nearly blew away," said another.
A Met Office spokesperson told the Mirror: "From Thursday, it is likely to be a breezy day for both Reading and Leeds. Winds will start to ease for Leeds by the afternoon with brighter sunnier spells and will be the same for Reading but a bit later into the evening.
"Overnight during the early hours of Friday, a deep low-pressure system will sweep across the UK, bringing more heavy rain and increasing strong winds. This will likely cause some local impacts across both festivals.
"Winds will ease in Reading as sunnier spells return by midday, but will be later across Leeds and it will remain breezy with showers into the evening."
SEARCH
CONNECT WITH US
TODAY'S PAPER
 See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive.
EXPRESS.CO.UK
Daily Express uses notifications to keep you updated