Home    Forums    Music    Best New Artist: 2025 GRAMMYs
They are still hits (both on the rise on radio btw) which make them more than just their one song. IDK why y’all are acting like Shaboozey is beloved by the industry. As far as I know he doesn’t even have a second single lined up.
Hits are relative. I don’t know anyone that would qualify those songs as “hits,” but yeah, okay.
As for the second part… who is acting like this?!
I mean, what has either Teddy Swims or Benson Boone done outside of their one hit a piece? “A Bar Song” is at least impacting now. The only thing that makes them more palatable than Shaboozey is… their skin color and vanilla pop/AC songs.
Both have follow-up hits that are doing decently, certainly better than any non-“Bar” songs by Shaboozey. Benson also has a third song that is closing in on 800m Spotify streams.
That’s not even getting into the fact that country struggles in the general field, and Shaboozey’s country/hip-hop fusion veers dangerously close to the type of bro-country that country voters don’t care for.
Very weird that you’d make it about race, especially given Swims has a bigger hit with black audiences.
Get real!  Chappell Roan is NOT locked to win Best New Artist like Olivia Rodrigo was.  Pure delusion.  There is no frontrunner.
 Shaboozey’s country/hip-hop fusion veers dangerously close to the type of bro-country that country voters don’t care for.
Very weird that you’d make it about race.
A similar argument you made about “Old Town Road,” and we saw what happened there.
And it’s not.
A similar argument you made about “Old Town Road,” and we saw what happened there.
And it’s not.
Like you haven’t made plenty of incorrect predictions yourself.
Let’s stick to actual arguments instead of thinly veiled suggestions of anti-black bias (especially towards people who are black) because of doubting someone’s chances of getting in BNA.
Like you haven’t made plenty of incorrect predictions yourself.
Let’s stick to actual arguments instead of thinly veiled suggestions of anti-black bias (especially towards people who are black) because of doubting someone’s chances of getting in BNA.
The “thinly veiled suggestions of anti-black bias” wasn’t directed at you, so not sure why your shitty panties are in a bunch. You aren’t a voter. I’m speaking specifically about them being more palatable to voters than Shaboozey, and yes, two one-hit wonders being white and making AC pop songs makes them more palatable than a black one-hit wonder making country music. That is a fact.
Get real!  Benson Boone and Teddy Swims do NOT have follow-up hits.  Some of y’all must be doing hard-core drugs.
The only new artists with legitimate follow up hits are Sabrina Carpenter and Chappell Roan, and that’s why one of them will ultimately prevail. Shaboozey is the closest thing to a third contender. Boone and Swims might get nominations, but they are not ahead of those three.
Megan moroney deserves nomination more Than dasha ans shaboozey 
Kinda agree. Megan Moroney is so good. I really enjoy her music. She does some kind of sweet country music that remember me my childhood.
Honey, while I enjoy Durand Bernarr’s voice and personality, they are NOT happening in Best New Artist.
The only new artists with legitimate follow up hits are Sabrina Carpenter and Chappell Roan
And it’s entirely possible that Sabrina, despite technicalities, doesn’t make it in
For your 2026 Grammy consideration
Best Dance/Electronic Album:
Anti Up - What Is Life
Zed’s Dead - Return to the Spectrum of Intergalactic Happiness 
Best Dance/Electronic Recording:
Anyma & Ellie Goulding - “Hypnotized”
Sub Focus featuring Katy B - “Push The Tempo”
Zeds Dead - “One of These Mornings”
Why is nobody predicting a nom for The Marías? Their Submarine LP was pretty big and they got widespread acclaim.
Why is nobody predicting a nom for The Marías? Their Submarine LP was pretty big and they got widespread acclaim.
Probably because it seems like The Last Dinner Party are getting more of the rock/alternative support 
The level of recognition Chappell’s getting is massive, and she’s my pick right now. But Sabrina’s dropping an album this week, and the hype around her is about to blow up. Let’s see how that shakes things up in the race.
You must be logged in to reply to this topic.
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…

				1 hour ago			

				1 hour ago			

				1 hour ago			

				2 hours ago			

				2 hours ago			

				2 hours ago			

				3 hours ago			

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media