Today's Digital Daily	
			



	
			Today's Digital Daily	
			

"This is a new creative spin for the brand in recent years," Timberland chief marketing officer Maisie Willoughby told WWD sister publication FN.

	At Timberland, there’s nothing more iconic than the 50-year-old 6-Inch Boot.

	The brand tapped four vastly different creatives who the brand believes embody this notion for its new “Iconic” campaign — led by supermodel Naomi Campbell. 

	“So many brands reinvent. We’re not looking to reinvent. We’re looking to reclaim,” Timberland chief marketing officer Maisie Willoughby told WWD sister publication FN. “The yellow boot is timeless. It’s been in fashion continually for the last 50 years. As marketeers, it’s about making sure you ride the wave at the right time, with the right communication, and make sure the singular message is super authentic.”





	
			Related Articles	
	













	Fashion Scoops
	



	
			Kylie Jenner and Timothée Chalamet Update Their Courtside Couple Style With Shredded Pants and Tweed Chanel Jacket for Lakers Game	
			













	Fashion Scoops
	



	
			Celebrities Front Row at Chanel Fall 2025: Dakota Fanning, Whitney Peak, Naomi Campbell Take a Bow	
			








	She continued, “This is a new creative spin for the brand in recent years. It talks to the tone of voice that we had throughout the ’90s. This is reclaiming some of that hype, some of that tone of voice.”

	










			You May Also Like		






	Alongside Campbell in the campaign is American singer-songwriter Teddy Swims, British Nigerian designer and artist Slawn and Kai-Isaiah Jamal, a London-based multihyphenate known for spoken-word poetry, modeling and trans-visibility activism.

	“The ‘Iconic’ campaign embodies this idea of being authentic. It celebrates fearlessness, empowerment and bold self-expression,” Willoughby explained. “We wanted to be disruptive in this market where there are so many different conversations going on. Really, the crux of it comes down to fearlessness and an empowerment, that all you need is this yellow boot. You can style it a million different ways and it’s still super iconic. Who better to wear that than our cast?”

The 6-Inch Boot — referred to as constructs, yellow boot, Timbs or something else, depending on who you ask — is a ubiquitous look that offers something unique to each wearer. Recruiting a cast that differs in terms of gender, location, age and more, is a symbol of that.

	However, during the shoots, Willoughby said all four had something in common: big boot energy.

	“Big boot energy is that feeling when you dress boots first,” Willoughby explained. “You put them on, you’re a little bit taller and you enter a room feeling strong.”

	She continued, “Whilst the boot is for everybody, and everybody is welcome, embodying that big boot energy is something to behold. There was real empowerment. Between the four of them, they all showed up in different ways, but that big boot energy was the red line — or the yellow line, as we like to say.”

	Timberland tapped photographer Jamie Morgan to capture the “Iconic” campaign. Morgan has ties to Campbell, having photographed the supermodel in 1984.

	And rather than work with an outside agency, the internal Timberland Creative Team was behind every aspect of “Iconic,” from conception to production.

	“Coming off our 50th anniversary, our team was super energized about where we have been and what would come next. To build upon that energy, we wanted to project a purist, authentic story and felt who better to tell that story, than the brand itself?” Willoughby explained.

	What’s more, “Iconic” is the first campaign Willoughby has led at Timberland from its inception since joining the brand in October 2023.

	










	“I came to this incredible brand to drive impactful, memorable campaigns,” Willoughby said. “As a lifelong Timberland consumer, I felt it important to honor the yellow boot and the powerful feeling you get when you put on this iconic product.”

	Leading up to Thursday’s launch, Timberland has teased “Iconic” on social media. Willoughby said the campaign’s rollout will include 3D animations of every city with giant boots falling from the sky, as well as more images and films for the selected talent.

	Looking ahead, Willoughby said Timberland has several activations planned, an exhibition with Slawn and Morgan during London Fashion Week, an event with Jamal happening for Paris Fashion Week and members of the famed Ruff Ryders sports bike organization (long associated with the late rap superstar DMX) taking over the streets of New York on Thursday.

	“This is the first step in the reclaiming, doing it in a way that acknowledges culture and cultural conversations,” Willoughby said. “‘Iconic’ will evolve in a very fresh take.”
Sign up for WWD news straight to your inbox every day
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
WWD and Women's Wear Daily are part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All Rights Reserved.