The actress reflected on her brief marriage to the R&B singer.

							By 

	DeMicia Inman

Staff Writer, News

Halle Berry looks back at her past marriage to Eric Benét during a podcast interview. 

	Speaking candidly, the actress revealed that she and the singer are likely not on good terms due to her revelation regarding his purported mental health struggles, which ultimately factored into their divorce.

	“I had one husband who said he was a sex addict,” relayed the 58-year-old, per Page Six, on Monday’s (Oct. 7) episode of Dax Shepard’s Armchair Expert podcast. “But I don’t fu**ing believe that sh*t.”

	While she does not call out Benét by name, the drama surrounding their split and the aftermath was well documented at the time, including his trip to an Arizona rehab for sex addiction in 2002. The couple was initially married in 2001 and were divorced by 2003 due to Benét’s infidelity.

	“I am not a sex addict,” Benet told Primetime’s Cynthia McFadden in an interview in 2004, per CBS. “I am a person who … through a series of emotional events, troubles, challenges, made some really, really stupid, painful mistakes.”

	






















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Bow Wow Talks Relationship With Jade Pinkett And Possibility Of Marriage		
			







	He went on to confess to “verbally inappropriate” behavior and “physical contact that was extremely inappropriate and wrong in a marriage.”

	While his transgressions are documented in interviews, tabloids, and news reports from the era, the “Femininity” performer became stamped as the man who cheated on Halle Berry when Jay-Z rapped, “You almost went Eric Benét / Let the baddest girl in the world get away / I don’t even know what else to say / Ni**a, never go Eric Benét,” in “Kill Jay Z,” in his 2017 4:44 album.

	The full Armchair Expert episode featuring the Never Let Go star discusses her experience with stepdads, her love of directing, conversation about menopause, how beauty is often subjective and more.

Armchair Expert is updated weekly, with past guests including Maren Morris, Lupita Nyong’o, Sam Richardson, Vince Vaughn, Colman Domingo, Teddy Swims, and more. 

	Listen to the podcast here.
A post shared by Armchair Expert Podcast (@armchairexppod)
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.