Iron Maiden are still one of the most iconic metal bands of all time.
And, to celebrate their five decades in the metal scene, the British rockers have just confirmed a plethora of new UK stadium gigs taking place next year.
That's not all, though. This Run For Your Lives tour will also include a set list "drawn from their career defining early decades". The announcement went on to promise the band's "greatest show ever".
This tour will include massive dates at London's West Ham Stadium, as well as Malahide Castle in Dublin, Glasgow's OVO Hydro, and plenty more.
Tickets for these shows come out very soon, but you can grab presale tickets before anyone else if you know how.
  Don't miss...    One Direction star Zayn confirms solo tour with tickets out this week  
Iron Maiden presale tickets will be released on Wednesday, September 25, 2024, at 12pm midday.
These tickets will only be available to fans who have O2 Priority, accessible through having an O2 mobile phone network contract.
If you do not have an O2 contract, you can get one from their website here.
Otherwise, the ticket link is below:
Buy Iron Maiden presale tickets from O2 Priority here.
  Don't miss...    Teddy Swims presale UK arena tour tickets are out this week  
Subscribers to the O2 mobile phone network will automatically gain access to the O2 Priority portal. This allows music and live event fans to grab early access to tickets before anyone else. 
All you have to do is begin a contract with O2 and you'll gain access to these tickets, as well as deals on food and drink, cinema tickets, days out and much more. 
Sign up for O2 Priority here.
We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy
Live Nation is also holding its own presale for Iron Maiden, beginning on Thursday, September 26, 2024, at 12pm midday.
These tickets will only be available to fans who are signed up for the My Live Nation newsletter.
After that, grab your tickets using the link below:
Buy Iron Maiden presale tickets from Live Nation here.
Iron Maiden tickets will be released on general onsale from Friday, September 27, 2024, at 12pm midday.
These tickets will be available to everyone who wants to see the band, so demand is expected to be extremely high.
As a result, fans are advised to act quickly once tickets are released.
Here's the ticket links you need:
TICKETMASTER - Buy Iron Maiden tickets here.
LIVE NATION - Buy Iron Maiden tickets here.
Speaking out about the newly-announced tour, frontman Bruce Dickinson said: "Next year is a very special one for IRON MAIDEN and we’re going to be giving our fans a once-in-a-lifetime live experience. This is a tour that’s gonna put a smile on your face and a cheer in your throat.
"If you’ve seen us before, then get ready to take that experience to a whole new level. If you’ve never seen us before, then what the hell have you been waiting for? Now’s your chance to find out what you’ve been missing! IRON MAIDEN’s definitely gonna get ya!"
JUNE
SEARCH
CONNECT WITH US
TODAY'S PAPER
 See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive.
EXPRESS.CO.UK
Daily Express uses notifications to keep you updated