Photo: Getty Images
George Strait will be honored with the 2024 Willie Nelson Lifetime Achievement Award during the 58th CMA Awards this month in Nashville, Tennessee, the Country Music Association announced on Tuesday (November 12).
Strait will accept the honor when the show returns to Bridgestone Arena on November 20. The Country Music Association stated in a press release on Tuesday that the Willie Nelson Lifetime Achievement Award honors “an iconic artist who has attained the highest degree of recognition in Country Music,” including through their music, philanthropy and more. Strait, whose career spans more than four decades, joins previous award recipients Alan Jackson, Loretta Lynn, Charley Pride, Kris Kristofferson, Dolly Parton, Johnny Cash, Kenny Rogers and Willie Nelson.
“There have been few other artists as authentically Texas and authentically Country as George Strait, and Country Music fans all over the world have been better for it,” Sarah Trahern, CMA Chief Executive Officer, said in a statement. “As a three-time CMA Entertainer of the Year and the most nominated artist of all time, he serves as an inspiration and icon to many of the great, new artists we know today. I am thrilled we are awarding him with this deserving honor next month.”
Luke Bryan is teaming up with Peyton Manning again to host the 58th CMA Awards, and this time, they’re adding first-time host Lainey Wilson. The show will include performances by Dierks Bentley (featuring Molly Tuttle, Sierra Hull and Bronwyn Keith-Hynes), Bryan, Ashley McBryde, Post Malone, Shaboozey, Chris Stapleton, Thomas Rhett and Teddy Swims, and Wilson. Additional performers and presenters have yet to be announced as of publication time on Tuesday.
The 58th CMA Awards will take place at Bridgestone Arena in Downtown Nashville, Tennessee. The show is set for Wednesday, November 20. It will air live at 8 p.m. ET/7 p.m. CT on ABC, and will be available the following day on Hulu. See the full list of nominees here.