Sir Rod Stewart and Jools Holland’s collaborative album Swing Fever has debuted at number one in the UK charts.


  The record is comprised of covers from the big band era, featuring tracks including Lullaby Of Broadway, Good Rockin’ Tonight and Pennies From Heaven.


  Speaking to the Official Charts Company after the record was confirmed at number one in the album chart, Sir Rod, 79, said: “Are we happy about this, Jools? Totally unexpected.”


  Holland, 66, added: “I’m so happy, (this has) never happened to me before. So I’m delighted, thank-you so much.”


  Holland is best known for fronting BBC Two show Later… With Jools Holland on which he brings together artists for live performances and this is Holland’s first UK number one album.


  Sir Rod, the former frontman of rock band Faces, last had a number one album more than four years ago with You’re In My Heart which featured some of his classic vocal tracks accompanied by new arrangements from the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra.


  With the new number one album included, he now has 11 chart-topping albums to his name, meaning he draws level with David Bowie, Taylor Swift and U2, according to the Official Charts Company.


  Sir Rod and Holland have been promoting their album on TV shows including Dancing On Ice, The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon and The Kelly Clarkson Show.


Recommended reading:


  Swing Fever is described by Sir Rod as “a celebration of the joy and spirit of swing music”.


  Elsewhere in the album chart, Millennials by Scottish indie outfit The Snuts debuted at number two while Stick Season by American singer-songwriter Noah Kahan remained at number three.


  In fourth spot is The Weeknd’s 2021 album The Highlights while Thanks For Hating by rapper Potter Payper has debuted at number five.


  For the second week in a row, Beyonce’s Texas Hold ‘Em tops the UK singles chart.


  In second spot is Lose Control by Teddy Swims with Beautiful Things by Benson Boone at number three.


  Stick Season by Kahan is at number four while End Of Beginning by indie outfit Djo has moved up six places to number five.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                

                            Last Updated: 

Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.