Monica is a Newsweek reporter based in Boston. Her focus is reporting on breaking news. Monica joined Newsweek in 2024. She is a graduate of Clark University, with a master's from both Clark University and Northwestern University. She was part of the team named a finalist for the Goldsmith Prize for Investigation as well as a winner of the George Polk award for their work uncovering Phillips Respironics wrongdoings with their breathing machines. You can get in touch with Monica by emailing m.sager@newsweek.com. Languages: English.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
One of the hallmarks of the end of a year is Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve.
The show has been a staple since 1972, when its first edition was broadcast by NBC. Dick Clark was anchoring from Times Square in New York City while Three Dog Night hosted. In 1974, the program moved to ABC and Clark became the host of the infamous ball drop. 
The show has gone on to include performances by Aerosmith, Elton John, Mariah Carey, the Jonas Brothers, Miley Cyrus, Lady Gaga, and Daddy Yankee, among other big names.
This year, with Ryan Seacrest as host, here's what to expect on New Year's Eve.
Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve with Ryan Seacrest can be watched on ABC. It will be on Hulu the next day.
The show will also be broadcast live across 150 iHeartRadio stations and streamed on the iHeartRadio app.
In November, it was announced that the show will broadcast live midnight celebrations from the west coast for the first time.
Ryan Seacrest is hosting the show. He joined the Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve team in December 2005, after Dick Clark suffered a stroke and had lingering speech impediments. Seacrest co-hosted with Clark until the latter's death on April 18. 2012.
Seacrest hosted his own solo show for new year's during the 2012-13 edition. He was joined for the 2023-24 event by Rita Ora.
He had previously hosted Fox's competing show, New Year's Eve Live.
The show starts at 8 p.m., four hours before the calendar year switch.
Carrie Underwood is set to headline the Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve with Ryan Seacrest this year. She will close out the night, right before the countdown to midnight.
Underwood, who won American Idol in 2005 and currently is a judge on the show, is expected to sing a medley of some of her biggest hits.
"I have such fun memories of performing on New Year's Rockin' Eve in Times Square in both 2007 and 2015, and I'm so excited to perform just before the ball drops again this year," Underwood said in a press release. "I'm thrilled to celebrate 20 years since winning American Idol by joining Ryan as he hosts his 20th New Year's Eve in Times Square."
Country singer Megan Moroney will perform live from Times Square. Moroney is the CMA New Artist of the Year. She will perform a two-song medley from her album "Am I Okay?"
Rock artist Lenny Kravitz will perform in New York. The 60-year-old is known for songs like "It Ain't Over 'Til It's Over," "Fly Away" and "Are You Gonna Go My Way?" In May, he released his 12th album, which is called "Blue Electric Light."
There will be a performance by country singer Thomas Rhett, who is the oldest son of singer Rhett Akins.
Rhett released an album this year called "About a Woman," which included the song "Beautiful as You."
He also co-hosted the 2024 Canadian Country Music Awards this September with MacKenzie Porter.
Luis Fonsi will perform from his native Puerto Rico. The singer is known for his dance-oriented songs, including 2017's "Despacito."
Dayanara Torres will be the co-host from the island.
Blake Shelton will perform as part of the Las Vegas iteration of the celebrations. He's expected to perform some of his biggest hits, as well as newer songs like "Texas."
R&B act TLC is set to take the stage in Times Square. The show announced that TLC will perform some of their greatest hits and celebrate 30 years of their "Crazysexycool" album.
Rapp will be a part of the West Coast party, which will also include Kesha, Laufey, Natasha Bedingfield, T-Pain, DJ Cassidy, Doug E. Fresh and Slick Rick.
In 2024, Rapp won the Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards for favorite breakout artist. She also won the GLAAD Media Awards for outstanding music artist.
British singer-songwriter Sophie Ellis-Bextor will perform her hit "Murder on the Dancefloor," which went viral in 2024 more than two decades after it was originally released.
Country singer Cody Johnson will take stage in New York. His album "Leather" won the CMA album of the year award in November.
There will be a performance by singer-songwriter Teddy Swims as well. Swims, who was born Jaten Dimsdale, mixes R&B, soul, country and pop into his hits like "Lose Control." Swims is expected to release his second studio album at the end of January.
Like Rapp, Alanis Morissette will be joining the West Coast party. She'll perform multiple times throughout the night, including once with Rapp for "You Oughta Know."
Morrisette will be kicking off her celebrations for the 30th anniversary of her album "Jagged Little Pill."
Kesha will celebrate the 15th anniversary of her hit "Tik Tok" and also show off her new song "Joyride."
Monica is a Newsweek reporter based in Boston. Her focus is reporting on breaking news. Monica joined Newsweek in 2024. She is a graduate of Clark University, with a master's from both Clark University and Northwestern University. She was part of the team named a finalist for the Goldsmith Prize for Investigation as well as a winner of the George Polk award for their work uncovering Phillips Respironics wrongdoings with their breathing machines. You can get in touch with Monica by emailing m.sager@newsweek.com. Languages: English.
Monica is a Newsweek reporter based in Boston. Her focus is reporting on breaking news. Monica joined Newsweek in 2024. She is a graduate of Clark University, with a master's from both Clark University and Northwestern University. She was part of the team named a finalist for the Goldsmith Prize for Investigation as well as a winner of the George Polk award for their work uncovering Phillips Respironics wrongdoings with their breathing machines. You can get in touch with Monica by emailing m.sager@newsweek.com. Languages: English.
Monica is a Newsweek reporter based in Boston. Her focus is reporting on breaking news. Monica joined Newsweek in 2024.                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC