The highly-anticipated 2024 MTV Video Music Awards show airs tonight at 8 p.m. on Wednesday, September 11 with a live TV broadcast on MTV. Get ready to see the best-dressed and hottest names in music all gathered in one place when you watch the show for FREE with Philo (free trial), or stream on demand shortly after it airs.
You may have more than a few questions about the annual celebration of the top stars in music? Who is performing at the 2024 Video Music Awards? Who is nominated in the top awards categories? When is the red carpet pre show? We’re here to answer those questions and more.
What: The 2024 MTV VMAs
When: Wednesday, September 11 at 8 p.m. PT/ET.
Where: This year’s VMAs location is UBS Arena in New York City.
TV Channel: The annual awards show is on MTV and streaming live on demand. You can find out more about which channel MTV is on in your area by using the channel finders here: Comcast Xfinity, DIRECTV, Dish, Verizon Fios, Spectrum/Charter, Optimum/Altice.
How to watch streaming live: You can stream the 2024 MTV Video Music Awards for free on Philo (free trial). You can also watch for free on DirecTV Stream (free trial) or with Fubo (free trial). If you’re out of free trials, you can sign up for Philo for only $28/month and stream this awards show and more live TV this fall.
The 2024 MTV VMAs red carpet show starts at 6:30 p.m. PT/ET and will feature celebrity arrivals in their best and wildest outfits as well as red carpet interviews and photo sessions. Who will be best dressed? You can find out for yourself when you watch the red carpet pre show streaming free on Philo (free trial).
Singer and icon Megan Thee Stallion will host the VMAs.
Not only is new pop star sensation Chappell Roan nominated for a 2024 MTV Video Music Award (Best New Artist), she will be in attendance and will perform on stage at tonight’s awards show.
Since Taylor Swift is also nominated, and happens to be leading the nominations this year, it’s safe to say that she will be at tonight’s awards show. However, her NFL boyfriend Travis Kelce will not be able to attend the VMAs as he prepares for Kansas City’s Sunday game against the Cincinnati Bengals. Kelce told his brother Jason on the New Heights podcast that he hopes “she can walk away with some moon men ... one of the cooler trophies.”
You can vote on any of the top categories, and for your favorite artists, on MTV’s VMA voting page. Many of the top categories and nominees for those categories are outlined below.
Below you will find the nominees in the top categories for this year’s MTV VMAs awards show, but if you want to know See the full list here.
VIDEO VANGUARD AWARD
Katy Perry will receive the Video Vanguard Award and perform her biggest hits at this year’s show.
VIDEO OF THE YEAR
Ariana Grande - we can’t be friends (wait for your love)
Billie Eilish - Lunch
Doja Cat - Paint The Town Red
Eminem - Houdini
SZA - Snooze
Taylor Swift feat. Post Malone - Fortnight
ARTIST OF THE YEAR
Ariana Grande
Bad Bunny
Eminem
Sabrina Carpenter
SZA
Taylor Swift
SONG OF THE YEAR
Beyoncé - TEXAS HOLD ‘EM
Jack Harlow - Lovin On Me
Kendrick Lamar - Not Like Us
Sabrina Carpenter - Espresso
Taylor Swift feat. Post Malone - Fortnight
Teddy Swims - Lose Control
BEST NEW ARTIST
Chappell Roan
Gracie Abrams
Tyla
Runners-Up include: Benson Boone, Shaboozey, Teddy Swims
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices