This year's Jingle Bell Ball with Barclaycard, hosted by Capital Radio, has finally released its full line-up - and it's a big one.
The annual event, which is held at London's O2 Arena, has just confirmed Coldplay as the headliner for their first night, Saturday, December 7, 2024. Coldplay's headline performance news is incredibly exciting, considering they just confirmed their own monumental stadium tour will kick off next year across the UK, as well.
On top of Coldplay, this two-day gig, which is being hosted by Barclaycard, will also see some other huge names in music hit the 20,000-person venue.
Katy Perry is headlining the second night, Sunday, December 8, 2024, and she'll be joining American country music and rapper Teddy Swims, as well. 
They'll all be joined by Perrie, Clean Bandit, Becky Hill, Kygo, and more. The full list of performers is below, but before then we've got how to buy tickets below - here's the information you need:
  Don't miss...    Coldplay VIP and hospitality tickets are available now for UK tour  
Capital Jingle Bell Ball with Barclaycard tickets are available from the Global Player now, after being released on Friday, November 8, at 9am.
A presale began the day before, as well. The official Capital Jingle Bell Ball with Barclaycard web page states: "Capital listeners who are logged into Global Player with a global iD will get exclusive access to Capital presale tickets from Thursday November 7th at 9am."
All tickets will only be available from the radio station's website. You can grab yours here.
If you'd rather not see the likes of Tom Grennan and Sigala aiming for Coldplay, tickets for the band's tour are still available right now through various resale websites.
We've got all the information you need below:
  Don't miss...    Coldplay's Chris Martin falls through trapdoor in stage in middle of concert  
We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy
Sites such as viagogo and Vivid Seats allow fans to buy resale tickets from other fans. However, it is important to note that many event promoters say tickets should not be resold after initial purchase and will not be valid for admittance to gigs.
Fans attending live events with tickets acquired through resale websites are advised to double-check the ticket terms and conditions at the point of sale - such as Ticketmaster or Live Nation - to ensure a smooth live event experience. Tickets could be voided if they were found to be bought second-hand. As a result, fans are buying at their own risk.
With that said, viagogo also commented: "viagogo is a regulated marketplace where fans have the freedom to buy and sell tickets to their favourite live events, safely and securely, backed by a guarantee."
Tickets for Coldplay's headline stadium tour went on sale last month and mostly sold out across the board.
However, there are still plenty of tickets available right now across various resale websites.
These retailers, including viagogo, StubHub and more, allow fans to buy and sell their tickets at their leisure, at a price point they have determined.
You can find out more information about these resale tickets on our explainer article here.
Otherwise, here's the links you need:
VIAGOGO - Buy Coldplay resale tickets here.
VIVID SEATS - Buy Coldplay resale tickets here.
STUBHUB - Buy Coldplay resale tickets here.
Saturday, December 7, 2024
Sunday, December 8, 2024
SEARCH
CONNECT WITH US
TODAY'S PAPER
 See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive.
EXPRESS.CO.UK
Daily Express uses notifications to keep you updated