Katy Perry is already facing criticism for her next TV guest appearance that follows her performance at Capital Radio's Jingle Bell Ball shown on ITV.
The concert, which featured a star-studded line-up including Coldplay, Teddy Swims, Perrie, KSI, Tom Grennan, Ella Henderson, Becky Hill and Joel Corry, took place earlier this month. It's scheduled to air on ITV1 later today (December 15). But it won't be long before Perry graces our screens once more. The songstress is set to appear as a guest judge on the upcoming series of RuPaul's Drag Race, with new episodes premiering in January 2025.
A teaser for the show's 17th season has been released, showcasing a snippet of Perry that has drawn attention. Fans have expressed their displeasure on social media regarding a comment made by the pop icon, famed for hits like Teenage Dream and Firework, in the preview, reports the Mirror.
In the footage shared on X, Perry remarks about a contestant: "She ate, she chewed, she swallowed." This comment has been unfavourably compared to the contributions of past guest judges, particularly Lady Gaga.
One individual commented: "Gaga would never say something like this, that's why she gets taken seriously." Another stated: "Katy Perry has the ability to make anything sound tacky."
One fan shared their criticism online: "I don't know she always comes off pretentious with this era, like everyone said, it looks like she's trying so hard to appeal to the point it looks like it's just an act for marketing." However, other fans leaped to her defence with one stating: "If anyone else said this you would all be captioning your next selfie with it."
An audience member from the Jingle Bell Ball praised Perry's performance, describing it as the "Best time of my life at the Capital Jingle Bell Ball, Coldplay amazing as ever, Katy Perry omg awesome, what a weekend, loving life."
Other fans shared similar feedback. One fan wrote: "Capital Jingle Bell Ball night two was amazing." Another fan praised Becky Hill's performance, stating: "Becky Hill was absolutely phenomenal loved her and her performance I've said it before but wish you well will always be my favourite song to hear live and what a way to end the night with Katy Perry she was fantastic I had a great night."
Capital's Jingle Bell Ball 2024 airs tonight on ITV1 and ITVX at 5.35pm.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.