Today the Recording Academy® extended membership invitations to more than 3,900 established music professionals spanning diverse backgrounds, genres and disciplines, underscoring the Academy's commitment to inclusivity and representation within the music industry. This year's 2024 class of invitees is 45% women, 57% people of color and 47% under the age of 40. With this year's new member invitees, the Recording Academy is on track to achieve its goal of adding 2,500 women Voting Members by 2025 this year, one year ahead of schedule.
Invitations must be formally accepted by July 31 for recipients to become Recording Academy members and participate in the Online Entry Process (OEP) for the upcoming GRAMMY Awards®. Through OEP, members can submit recordings, music videos and other eligible content for GRAMMY® Award consideration. Individuals invited as Voting Members who accept their invitations are eligible to vote for the GRAMMY Awards, with the first voting ballot opening on Oct. 4 and closing on Oct. 15. The 67th GRAMMY Awards® will take place on Feb. 2, 2025, at Crypto.com Arena in Los Angeles.
"There's no better way to kick off GRAMMY season than by inviting thousands of diverse and talented music creators and professionals to join our Recording Academy family," said Harvey Mason jr., CEO of the Recording Academy. "Our members are the heart of the Academy, driving our mission to make lasting, positive impacts on the music community and shape music history. We are hopeful that all 3,900+ invitees join us in serving, celebrating and championing the voices of music creators year-round."
The invitations extended today offer each potential new member an opportunity to power the Recording Academy's mission of cultivating the well-being of the music community, celebrating artistic excellence in the recording arts, advocating for human creators' rights, investing in music's future through the GRAMMY Museum®, and supporting music people in times of need through MusiCares®. Recording Academy Voting Members — made up of artists, songwriters, producers, and engineers active in the music industry — are eligible to vote for the GRAMMY Awards, ultimately determining the outcomes on Music's Biggest Night® and shaping music history.
Among the invitees celebrating this career milestone today are Tanner Adell, Ashnikko, Grupo Frontera, and Teddy Swims, who expressed their excitement:
 See here for additional invitee quotes.
The Recording Academy's membership invitation process is community-driven and peer-reviewed annually, focusing on two types of membership: Voting Membership for music creators and Professional Membership for music business professionals^. Each year, interested musicians and professionals must apply for membership by March 1. Their submissions are reviewed in the spring by a peer review panel composed of existing Recording Academy members active in the music industry. If approved, candidates are invited to join the Recording Academy. For more information on the Academy's membership requirements, visit here.
A comprehensive report on the Academy's 2024 New Member Class, along with a detailed breakdown of the overall membership demographics and crafts, will be released later this year following the deadline for 2024 invitees to join the Academy. To see the 2023 New Member Class and overall membership update, visit here.
^GRAMMY U® is the third type of Academy membership and follows a distinct application process. Visit here for more info.
Published since 1977, Music Connection magazine is a monthly music trade publication catering to musicians, industry pro’s, and support services. Music Connection exists to serve artists and music people, to offer connections to the unconnected and to provide exclusive information that can help our readers take their music to the next level.

Founded in 1977 on the principle of bridging the gap between “the street and the elite,” Music Connection has grown from a popular print publication into a spectrum of products and services that address the wants and needs of musicians, the music tech community and industry support services.