The summer festival season is kicking into gear with the return of Lollapalooza, which still has some tickets available for each day and package. Featuring an incredible lineup of artists from various musical genres, many are wondering how to get Lollapalooza tickets this year.
While the four-day music festival originally began as a touring concert series in 1991, the primary event has been held permanently at Grant Park in Chicago since 2005. In addition to the Chicago festival, which is now enjoying its 33rd year, the Lollapalooza shows will now take place in India, Argentina, Chile, and Brazil.
Lollapalooza 2024 takes place from August 1 to 4, featuring eight stages and over 170 musicians performing across the four-day festival. As usual, it will also showcase diverse local food and music from Chicago at Grant Park. The excitement kicks off on a Thursday with headliners Tyler, The Creator and Hozier before coming to a close on Sunday with headliners Blink-182 and Melanie Martinez.
We've got you covered if you're looking for how to get tickets to Lollapalooza in Chicago. Here's our breakdown of this year's music festival's ticket options, purchasing details, and price comparisons between resale and original tickets. You can also browse ticket and festival details on Vivid Seats and StubHub.
Four main ticket options are available for Lollapalooza Chicago. Attendees can choose between one-day tickets for Thursday, Friday, Saturday, or Sunday; two-day tickets for Thursday and Friday, Friday and Saturday, or Saturday and Sunday; and four-day tickets for access to the entire music festival. Performances kick off at 12 p.m. and close at 10 p.m. each day.
All times are listed in the Central Time Zone.
You can buy original tickets for Lollapalooza 2024 directly through the festival website. However, several ticket options have already sold out, and the remaining choices are selling fast. Currently, general admission and GA+ one-day tickets for Thursday, Friday, and Saturday, all two-day ticket options, and four-day general admission and GA+ passes are sold out on the festival site.
Tickets for Lollapalooza Chicago 2024 are also available through verified resale ticket vendors like Vivid Seats and StubHub. However, Vivid Seats doesn't have any 2-day passes being sold, and some of these passes are already sold out on StubHub. Still, these platforms may be your best option for finding tickets for the Lollapalooza dates already sold out on the festival website.
It's also important to note that while many ticket options are sold out on Lollapalooza's website, there is a waitlist that you can join in case more tickets become available.
Lollapalooza tickets vary depending on the festival date, ticket option, and the demand for each pass. Currently, the only original general admission ticket options still available are for Sunday, August 4. For Sunday, ticket prices start at $149 for general admission and $255 for GA+ experience.
Original tickets are also still available for VIP packages on Thursday, Saturday, or Sunday (starting at $585), 4-day VIP passes (starting at $1,670), one-day platinum tickets for each date (starting at $2,080), 4-day platinum tickets (starting at $4,500), 4-day Cabana Experiences, and 4-day Lolla Insider packages. The latter two experience packages require directly contacting Lollapalooza to book them. The Lollapalooza Chicago website has more information on what each premium ticket pass entails.
Meanwhile, resale ticket prices are either comparable to or slightly more expensive than the original prices for tickets before being sold out. Single-day resale tickets for August 1 start at $219 on Vivid Seats or $250 on StubHub. Friday, August 2, begins at $229 on Vivid Seats or $231 on StubHub; Saturday, August 3, at $206 or $243 on each site; and Sunday, August 4, at $140 or $156.
StubHub also offers two-day passes for August 1 and 2 or August 2 and 3, with prices starting at $666 for each option. Vivid Seats offers four-day general admission passes beginning at $438, with StubHub offering comparable prices at $477 for the same ticket option.
Lollapalooza 2024 features several popular musicians lined up for the Chicago festival. Here's a breakdown of which artists will be performing on each day:
Thursday, August 1:
Friday, August 2:
Saturday, August 3:
Sunday, August 4:
Jump to