ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
Singer Beyonce poses with her Grammy trophies in the press room during the 59th Annual Grammy music ... More Awards on February 12, 2017, in Los Angeles, California.  Beyoncé leads the 2025 Grammy Award nominations, with 11 nods. Billie Eilish, Charli XCX, Kendrick Lamar, and Post Malone are tied with seven apiece. (Photo credit should read ROBYN BECK/AFP via Getty Images)
Beyoncé is the most-nominated musician at the 2025 Grammy Awards, as the superstar collected another 11 chances to win more gold. She came out on top–just as she has several times before–as the full list of nominees for all 94 categories was revealed on Friday (November 8). The singer is the only artist to snag double-digit nods, which remains a relatively uncommon sight.
The multi-genre star is up for three of the four biggest awards, including Album of the Year – for Cowboy Carter – and both Record and Song of the Year, for “Texas Hold ‘Em.” She’s still hoping to finally win both Album and Record of the Year, two honors she’s been nominated for several times in the past, but somehow never collected.
Beyoncé is the most-nominated and most-awarded musician of all time at the Grammys, and she’ll likely add to her list of wins in a few months. She appears in several categories for the first time, which is no easy feat for a woman who has been nominated for a total of 99 prizes. This year, she’s up for almost every honor in the country fields, and she’s also in the running for one of the recently-altered pop verticals as well.
Four artists are tied for the second-most nominations this year. Billie Eilish, Charli XCX, Kendrick Lamar and Post Malone all earned seven nods.
All four of those musicians are up for Record of the Year, and all but Charli are also included in the Song of the Year roundup. Eilish and Charli are in the running for Album of the Year as well. Three of them are nominated in the pop fields, and two are up for dance Grammys. Lamar is competing for more rap trophies, while Malone is looking to finally collect his first golden gramophone with some country nods.
Three more artists–Chappell Roan, Sabrina Carpenter, and Taylor Swift–are all tied with half a dozen Grammy nominations each. All three are competing for Album, Record, and Song of the Year. Interestingly, both Swift and Roan stuck with their biggest recent hits, while Carpenter spread out her nods, as she has different smashes up for Record and Song of the Year.
Final voting for the 2025 Grammys will take place between mid-December and early January of next year. The sixty-seventh annual Grammy Awards will air live on February 2, 2025, on CBS.
Here are the nominees for the big four categories:
Andre 3000 - New Blue Sun
Beyoncé - Cowboy Carter
Billie Eilish - Hit Me Hard and Soft
Chappell Roan - The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess
Charli XCX - Brat
Jacob Collier - Djesse Vol. 4
Sabrina Carpenter - Short N’ Sweet
Taylor Swift - The Tortured Poets Department
The Beatles - “Now and Then”
Beyoncé - “Texas Hold ‘Em”
Billie Eilish - “Birds of a Feather”
Chappell Roan - “Good Luck, Babe!”
Charli XCX - “360”
Kendrick Lamar - “Not Like Us”
Sabrina Carpenter - “Espresso”
Taylor Swift - “Fortnight (ft. Post Malone)”
Beyoncé - “Texas Hold ‘Em”
Billie Eilish - “Birds of a Feather”
Bruno Mars & Lady Gaga - “Die with a Smile”
Chappell Roan - “Good Luck, Babe!”
Kendrick Lamar - “Not Like Us”
Sabrina Carpenter - “Please Please Please”
Shaboozey - “A Bar Song (Tipsy)”
Taylor Swift - “Fortnight (ft. Post Malone)”
Benson Boone
Chappell Roan
Doechii
Khruangbin
Raye
Sabrina Carpenter
Shaboozey
Teddy Swims