Jack White & Greta Van Fleet will play the Bridgeport festival instead.

													By
												

	Lyndsey Havens


	On Thursday (Sept. 26), just two days before the third annual Soundside Music Festival, headliner Foo Fighters dropped off the lineup.

	“Foo Fighters will no longer be appearing at this weekend’s Soundside Music Festival,” read a statement on the band’s official Instagram account. 

	The cancellation comes just two weeks after frontman Dave Grohl revealed on his personal Instagram account that he had fathered a child outside of his marriage. “I’ve recently become the father of a new baby daughter, born outside of my marriage,” Grohl wrote. “I plan to be a loving and supportive parent to her. I love my wife and my children, and I am doing everything I can to regain their trust and earn their forgiveness.”

	Soundside Music Festival will take place Saturday and Sunday (Sept. 28-29) in Bridgeport, Connecticut. Noah Kahan is set to headline the first night. The Foos have now been replaced by Jack White and Greta Van Fleet sharing top billing on the updated festival flier.

	










	Foo Fighters released their 11th studio album last year, But Here We Are. It was the band’s first release since the loss of longtime drummer Taylor Hawkins.




			Trending on Billboard		






	In August, White released his sixth album, No Name, and made headlines for the surprising release strategy. The project was initially secretly released in July as a free, unlabeled vinyl to Third Man Records customers across its Detroit, Nashville and London locations. It was then widely released in early August as a blue-colored vinyl LP (exclusive to independent record stores) before becoming available as a digital download album one day later.

	Last year, Greta Van Fleet released their third album, Starcatcher.

	Other artists on the Soundside lineup include Goo Goo Dolls, Grace Potter, Bleachers, Teddy Swims and more. 

	Limited tickets are available here.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.