17-time Grammy Award winning icon Sting is set to make his much-anticipated debut at the Bourbon & Beyond festival fronting his new power rock trio, STING 3.0, taking the stage as the new Thursday night headliner. Danny Wimmer Presents is thrilled to announce this exciting addition to the World’s Largest Bourbon & Music Festival, held from September 19-22 at the Highland Festival Grounds at Kentucky Exposition Center in Louisville.
Performing with virtuoso guitarist and longtime collaborator, Dominic Miller, and dynamic drummer Chris Maas (Mumford & Sons, Maggie Rogers), Sting, managed by Martin Kierszenbaum/Cherrytree Music Company, will perform the most electrifying hits from his vast catalog through the urgent lens of a tight three-piece combo.
The sixth installment of Bourbon & Beyond features an eclectic mix of music legends and rising stars. Joining Sting and Beck on Thursday are Dave Matthews Band and Tedeschi Trucks Band on Friday, Zach Bryan and Cody Jinks on Saturday, and Tyler Childers and My Morning Jacket on Sunday. The lineup also includes Matchbox Twenty, The National, Whiskey Myers, Black Pumas, The War On Drugs, The Beach Boys, Mt. Joy, Fleet Foxes, Young the Giant, Maren Morris, The Head and The Heart, Melissa Etheridge, Teddy Swims, and many more.
"While we will miss Neil Young at Bourbon this year, we’re excited to welcome a music legend, Sting, to the Bourbon & Beyond lineup. We've been trying to bring Sting to Bourbon for you since 2018 and it’s an incredible honor to have him join us for what will undoubtedly be our biggest and most unforgettable year ever," said Danny Wimmer, Founder of Danny Wimmer Presents.
This year, Bourbon & Beyond has expanded to feature five music stages and 100 artists, plus the festival’s renowned culinary and bourbon workshop stages. Attendees can immerse themselves in a unique festival experience, enjoying top-tier music talent spanning country, Americana, classic rock, alternative, roots, blues, bluegrass, and adult contemporary genres. The festival also showcases culinary programming from some of the nation’s top chefs and a wide array of bourbon tastings and workshops, celebrating Louisville’s rich bourbon and culinary culture. Additional details on culinary and bourbon programming will be announced soon.
Bourbon & Beyond Weekend General Admission, VIP, and Beyond VIP passes, as well as Single Day GA and VIP passes for Thursday, Friday, and Sunday, are still available at www.bourbonandbeyond.com. Saturday single-day passes are sold out. Don’t miss this extraordinary opportunity to see Sting’s debut and be part of an unforgettable festival experience.
For more information on Bourbon & Beyond please visit:
Website: BourbonAndBeyond.com
Facebook: @bourbonandbeyond
Instagram: @bourbonandbeyond
Twitter: @bourbonNbeyond
Hashtag: #BourbonAndBeyond
Progressive jam giants Umphrey's McGee‘s return to Las Vegas for the seventh installment of the massively popular UMBowl production was marked once again by a stand-out tour closing dual evening extravaganza where all stops were pulled out and the power given directly to the fans, for better or for worse.
On June 24, Round Records & ATO Records will release GarciaLive Volume Six: July 5, 1973 – Jerry Garcia & Merl Saunders, the latest installment of the celebrated GarciaLive archival series. The three-CD set was recorded at the 200 capacity Lion’s Share club formerly located in the small town of San Anselmo, CA, just 20 miles north of San Francisco. The performance features Jerry Garcia performing with friend, mentor and legendary keyboardist/vocalist Merl Saunders. The duo is joined by drummer Bill Vitt and bassist John Kahn, who soon became a lifelong Garcia collaborator.
Progressive jam giants Umphrey's McGee‘s return to Las Vegas for the seventh installment of the massively popular UMBowl production was marked once again by a stand-out tour closing dual evening extravaganza where all stops were pulled out and the power given directly to the fans, for better or for worse.
COPYRIGHT © 1995 - 2025 GRATEFUL WEB, INC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
Privacy Policy