Photo: Getty Images
Roddy Ricch is back with some brand-new music ahead of his upcoming album. On Friday, December 6, the California native released his new single "Lonely Road" featuring Terrace Martin. The song begins with a soothing saxophone riff by Martin before Roddy bares his heart and soul on the hard-hitting track. "So much passion and I can't hide it/Hundred some' thousand hours, I'm grindin'," Roddy spits. "Lookin' for peace and I know I'ma find it/And remind 'em what I'm made of/When opportunity meets preparation, it's successful/That's the law, dog/Even when you climb to the tippy-tippy-tippy top, it's not done, you can still fall, dog."
"Lonely Road" is the latest single from Roddy Ricch's forthcoming third studio LP The Navy Album. He previously dropped two other songs, "911" and "Survivor's Remorse," at the top of the summer. After he teased the track on Thursday, Ricch confirmed the album title and shared the official cover art on social media. In the caption of his post, the "Racks In The Middle" rapper said the album is set to arrive in 2025, but he didn't reveal the exact date. Roddy Ricch's new single sits at the top of iHeartRadio's Rap Rising playlist. It arrived on the same day as other fresh songs by Lil Baby, Skepta, Smino and more. Stream the playlist above and watch the official music video for "Lonely Road" below. You can also check out more new music from YoungBoy Never Broke Again, Lil Tjay, and others below. WARNING: EXPLICIT LANGUAGE
Roddy Ricch featuring Terrace Martin, "Lonely Road" 
YoungBoy Never Broke Again, I Just Got A Lot On My Shoulders (Album)
Photo: Never Broke Again, LLC
Smino, Maybe In Nirvana (Album)
Photo: Zero Fatigue Records
Lil Tjay, Farewell (Album)
Photo: Columbia Records
Rich Amiri, War Ready (Album)
Photo: Internet Money Records/10K Projects
Kenny Muney, The Blue Seasons Super Deluxe (Album)
Photo: Paper Route Empire
Termanology & TEK, Teknology (Album)
Photo: St. Records
Bun B & Statik Selektah, TrillStatik 4 (Album)
Photo: Showoff Records/II Trill Enterprises
Siete7x, Stucc In The Hole (Album)
Photo: EMPIRE 
Maino, Mainovation (EP)
Photo: Maino
Lil Baby, "Touchdown"
Skepta & Lex Luger, "Alpha Omega"
Quavo featuring Teddy Swims & Luke Bryan, "Georgia Ways"
NLE Choppa, "What A Christmas"
Big Hit & Hit-Boy, "Bigger Than Life"
Money Man featuring Danny Towers, "Tuck Your Chain" 
Klass Money featuring Mike Smiff, "Up Down"
Conniie Diamond featuring Vontae The Singer & Cash Cobain, "Jodeci (Remix)"