STELLAR acts — including Sting, Justin Timberlake and Stereophonics — have been revealed as headliners for the hotly-anticipated 2025 Isle of Wight Festival.


  The announcement was made this morning (Monday, September 23) for next year's festival, which will run between June 19-22 at Seaclose Park in Newport.


  Among the hot acts at next year's event will be Sting, The Stereophonics and Justin Timberlake, who have sold multi-millions of records worldwide.


  Sting, lead singer of The Police, performed at the festival with the band in 2008.


  Welsh superstars Stereophonics are seasoned Isle of Wight festival headliners, having performed at Seaclose Park in 2004 and 2016.


#IOW2025 First Announcement! Headliners @OfficialSting, @stereophonics and @jtimberlake will be joined by @faithless (closing Friday), @thescript, @teddyswims and many more! The @ThreeUK customer 48hrs presale is now on! Get the Three+ app for tickets https://t.co/lkyoetMPOE pic.twitter.com/zId1uyYNkD


  Justin Timberlake will be making his debut at the event. 


  Also joining the bill will be Faithless, The Script, Teddy Swims, Clean Bandit, Example, James, Paul Heaton, Texas, Olly Murs, Alison Moyet, Dean Lewis, The Lathums and Lottery Winners.


  Plus there will be more acts announced in the coming weeks.


Check out our Glastonbury Festival coverage HERE.


  The 2025 festival is so hotly-anticipated, the early bird tickets for it sold out in record time.


  Tickets will be on general sale on Wednesday (September 25) from 8am.


  Meanwhile, an exhibition has been curated about the history of the festival, celebrating its 25 editions.


  The exhibition was open to the public in Newport, and is currently on display at the O2's Innovation Centre in London.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.