Construction site for the Coca-Cola Amphitheater in Birmingham, Alabama, as it looked on Nov. 12, 2024. The $46 million concert venue is expected to be completed by June 2025.(Mary Colurso | mcolurso@AL.com)
Birmingham residents have a lot of different thoughts on what Birmingham’s new $46 million downtown concert venue should be called.
The Birmingham News asked readers “Birmingham’s new downtown concert venue will be called the Coca-Cola Amphitheater. What do you think it should be called instead?” on Facebook.
The post has received nearly 150 responses as of 10:00 a.m. on Thursday. And everyone seems to have their own ideas, while some say it’s pointless to speculate on an amphitheater that’s already been named.
“Does anyone have a choice what it is named...?” one commenter wrote.
Some commenters thought that the amphitheater should be named for a more local brand.
“It should be called Buffalo Rock Amphitheater, or Grapico Amphitheater, or even Royal Crown Amphitheater. Coca-Cola is an Atlanta thing,” said one comment that received a dozen likes
While there were few repeated ideas in the comment section, “Magic City Amphitheater” was the most common answer. It was suggested five times in the thread.
The other most common type of comments were tongue in cheek references to crime in Birmingham.
“The Drive By Amphitheater would be more appropriate,” reads one comment that received 25 likes.
“Bullet Vest Amphitheater,’ said another that received 10 likes.
Earlier this week, Birmingham surpassed its homicide tally for 2023 with more than month left in the year.
The Coca-Cola Amphitheater, owned by the BJCC and managed by Live Nation, has been under construction since June on the 50-acre campus of the former Carraway Hospital.
One commenter said it should bear the name “Blue Star” to honor its medical roots. Others said it should be named in honor of civil rights giant Fred Shuttlesworth.
“The Birmingham Bulls Overflow Parking Space” was one suggestion. Others referenced attorney Alexander Shunnarah and his “Call Me, Alabama!” billboards.
The amphitheater remains on track to be completed in summer 2025, and the target date for the first concert is mid-to late June, as AL.com previously reported.
A Teddy Swims show was recently confirmed for Aug. 15, 2025.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices