By 

	Tomás Mier


Carrie Underwood will take a break from judging American Idol to headline New Year’s Rockin Eve with Ryan Seacrest. On Thursday, ABC announced that she, Megan Moroney, and Sophie Ellis-Bextor will take the stage at the yearly celebration.

	“I have such fun memories of performing on New Year’s Rockin’ Eve in Times Square in both 2007 and 2015, and I’m so excited to perform just before the ball drops again this year,” Underwood said in a statement. “I’m thrilled to celebrate 20 years since winning American Idol by joining Ryan as he hosts his 20th New Year’s Eve in Times Square.”

	While Underwood will celebrate the 20-year milestone and her first time on the judges panel, Ellis-Bextor and Moroney will conclude a banner 2024. Ellis-Bextor’s classic “Murder on the Dancefloor” resurged thanks to Saltburn, and Moroney released her album Am I Okay?, touring it with Kenny Chesney for much of the year.

	ABC also revealed that Dayanara Torres will also join the Seacrest and Rita Ora broadcast as a co-host from Puerto Rico on the Dick Clark-produced show.

	











	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Elon Musk: It Is ‘Outrageous’ to ‘Claim That I’m a Nazi’		
	









	
	
		
					'SNL' Weekend Update Roasts Trump's Pope Dream, Stock Market Pleas		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	








Tinashe, Teddy Swims, Thomas Rhett, Cody Johnson, and Lenny Kravitz were announced as performers on Wednesday, and will be among the stars to grace the stage of the New Year’s Eve television broadcast. The spectacle is also set to feature renowned magicians and circus artists on the show. Rockin’ Eve typically draws in the largest viewership of any non-sports show. Last year, 36 million people tuned into the event, which saw Sabrina Carpenter and Megan Thee Stallion perform.

Dick Clark’s New Year’s Rockin’ Eve With Ryan Seacrest 2025 will air live on ABC and then stream the next day on Hulu. (Penske Media Corporation owns Dick Clark Productions, which is also the parent company of Rolling Stone.)
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.