Day 3 of Bourbon and Beyond started on Saturday, September 21, and it was an absolutely perfect day. Everything that could have gone right in a day did: the weather was perfect, vibes were at an all-time high, and energy was as good as it could get for a Saturday. Quite a few notable artists were playing this Saturday: Zach Bryan, Cody Jinks, Whiskey Myers, Young the Giant, Teddy Swims, Sierra Ferrell, and more. 
However, if you couldn't tell, there was one artist for whom everyone had traveled all over the country, but we'll get into that in a bit. The weather that day was relatively calm even though it was technically supposed to be super hot all weekend, and by the night, it had cooled down so much. Sierra Ferrell and Teddy Swims surprised me; they were artists I had heard of before but never lived with, so seeing the energy they brought in their performances was incredible. I felt so immersed in their sets that it was like they had turned the whole festival into their show. Sierra Ferrell's outfit, made for some fantastic photos, was the coolest thing ever, and it was so unique in design, but it fit her vibe. Teddy Swims gave an absolute masterclass of a performance on stage; the vocals, the passion, the energy, everything was truly top-notch. 
However, everyone had come for Zach Bryan, one of the most popular country artists in recent years, and he seemed to explode overnight. In fact, he was so popular that due to the headlining slot ultimately selling out, the festival garnered over 60,000+ fans to attend the Saturday show, which was the highest attendance ever, making Bourbon and Beyond the largest music festival in Kentucky history. That is an insane feature, but you would have completely understood if you had seen his performance. This, in practically every single way, was pure perfection.
I have also never had the chance to hear Zach Bryan live, especially with almost all of his shows always being sold out, so hearing him up close and personal was the chance of a lifetime. I could not have imagined a more perfect scenario; the night had a cool breeze rolling in, too, which was a nice touch. It was just so much fun; his set had great energy, his vocals, the way he shouted out his band, and he kept telling us how much he loved us. He was the kindest person ever overall. It was just so hard not to love everything about him. It was just incredible, and Saturday, by far, was the best day of the festival. Be sure to check out some of the photos from the day! 
Cloudy with rain ending for the afternoon. High around 50F. Winds N at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of rain 90%..
                                
Rain showers this evening with overcast skies overnight. Low 49F. Winds NNE at 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain 40%.
 Updated: May 4, 2025 @ 7:48 am

Success! An email has been sent to  with a link to confirm list signup.
            

Error! There was an error processing your request.
            
Arts & Entertainment
Sign up to receive daily updates! 
Sign up for weekly updates
Top 10 reader's preferences from the past week

Please donate today


                            The NUVO Cultural Foundation, a 501(c)3 nonprofit
                        
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers:
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Arts & Entertainment
Sign up to receive daily updates! 
Sign up for weekly updates
Top 10 reader's preferences from the past week
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.

Thank you. Your purchase was successful.
A receipt was sent to your email.