In October, the band landed its fifth No. 1 album on the Billboard 200 – its first in more than 10 years.

													By
												

	Paul Grein


Coldplay is set to perform on the 2024 Billboard Music Awards. The band will make their BBMAs performance debut from their sold-out “Music of the Spheres Tour” in Australia, performing music from their latest album Moon Music.

	Hosted by actress and comedian Michelle Buteau, the 2024 BBMAs presented by Marriott Bonvoy is set to air on Thursday, Dec. 12, at 8 pm ET/PT on FOX and Fire TV Channels, and on-demand on Paramount+, with performances also rolling out across Billboard.com and via @BBMAs and @Billboard social channels. Coldplay joins SEVENTEEN, Teddy Swims and Tyla, who were previously announced as performers on the show.

	










	Several of the other performances will also be filmed remotely. SEVENTEEN will perform “LOVE, MONEY, FAME (feat. DJ Khaled)” from the streets of downtown Los Angeles to the Santa Monica Pier. Performing from a pub in London, Tyla will be joined by Optimist Music ZA for a pop-up Amapiano party to sing two hits, with creative direction by choreographer Tanisha Scott.




			Trending on Billboard		






	Teddy Swims will give an intimate performance of his first No. 1 hit on the Billboard Hot 100 “Lose Control” and his new single “Bad Dreams” from his upcoming new album I’ve Tried Everything but Therapy (Part 2).

	Coldplay is a finalist for two Billboard Music Awards this year: top duo/group and top rock touring artist.

	In October, the band landed its fifth No. 1 album on the Billboard 200 – its first in more than 10 years – with Moon Music. The album has spawned two hits on the Billboard Hot 100 – “Feels Like I’m Falling in Love” and “We Pray” (featuring Little Simz, Burna Boy, Elyanna & Tini). Coldplay has so far had two No. 1 Hot 100 hits – “Viva La Vida” in June 2008 and “My Universe,” a collab with BTS, in 2021.

	As previously announced, Zach Bryan, Taylor Swift, Morgan Wallen and Sabrina Carpenter are the leading finalists for the 2024 Billboard Music Awards.

	This marks the show’s return to FOX, which carried the show from its 1990 inaugural broadcast through 2006. In addition, Paramount+ will provide on-demand streaming of the show, while the free Fire TV Channels app will provide one-click access to fans using Amazon devices (Fire TV smart TVs and streaming media players and Fire Tablets).

	










	The BBMAs will celebrate music’s greatest achievements with exclusive original performances, artist interviews, and award celebrations taking place from global locations and in the midst of sold-out tours. Shaboozey will deliver a special performance from W Hollywood, part of the Marriott Bonvoy portfolio. Additional performers and special guests will be announced soon.

	The BBMAs honors the year’s biggest artists, albums, songs, producers and songwriters across multiple genres, as determined by year-end performance metrics on the Billboard charts. The eligibility dates for this year’s awards are aligned with Billboard’s Year-End Charts tracking period, which measures music consumption from the charts dated Oct. 28, 2023, through Oct. 19, 2024.

	The Billboard Music Awards are produced by Dick Clark Productions, which is owned by Penske Media Corporation. PMC is also the parent company of Billboard.

	The show is presented by Marriott Bonvoy, Marriott International’s travel program and portfolio of more than 30 hotel brands. For more information, visit MarriottBonvoy.com
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.