His new single will be promoted across Contemporary Hit Radio, Hot Adult Contemporary and Alternative Rock stations.

													By
												

	Paul Grein


Damiano David is iHeartMedia’s latest “On the Verge” artist with his new solo single, “Born With a Broken Heart.” In a first for iHeart, he will be featured across three formats, with all iHeartRadio CHR, Hot AC and Alt stations participating in the promotion.

	Damiano, 25, is best-known as frontman for the Italian rock band Måneskin, whose striking cover version of the Four Seasons’ 1967 hit “Beggin’” reached No. 13 on the Billboard Hot 100 in 2021. In September, he previewed his upcoming first solo album with “Silverlines,” which Labrinth produced. David wrote “Born With a Broken Heart” with Sarah Hudson and the track’s producers Jason Evigan and Mark Schick.

	










	“It’s an honor to have ‘Born With a Broken Heart’ featured on so many radio stations across the country, and I’m so grateful to iHeart for all the continued support in promoting my new music and helping it reach new fans,” David said in a statement.




			Trending on Billboard		





A post shared by billboard (@billboard)

	“Part of Damiano’s brilliance is that he creates music that defies genres,” said Tom Poleman, chief programming officer for iHeartMedia. “When our iHeart programmers first heard ‘Born With a Broken Heart’ we knew it didn’t fit into just one format, so we decided to do something we’ve never done before; our first multiple format ‘On The Verge’ across three genres.”

	“We are appreciative and inspired by iHeart’s commitment to rising star Damiano David through their ‘On the Verge’ program,” said David Massey, president and CEO, Arista Records. “Being chosen as the first across three formats speaks to his potential and our collective belief in him.”

	 iHeartMedia’s “On the Verge” program helps build awareness for up-and-coming artists. Past “On the Verge” artists include Chappell Roan (“Good Luck, Babe!”) Teddy Swims (“Lose Control”), Benson Boone (“Beautiful Things”), Olivia Rodrigo (“Driver’s License”) and Doja Cat (“Say So”).
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.