Teddy Swims
Photo: Chapman Baehler
Due to demand, the Atlanta singer-songwriter has extended his I've Tried Everything But Therapy Tour into 2025, scheduling a run of arena shows throughout Europe and the UK for February and March.
The new dates kick off on February 11 in Düsseldorf, Germany, before shows in Antwerp, Hamburg, Oslo, Stockholm, Copenhagen, Amsterdam, Berlin, Zurich and Paris.
The UK and Ireland leg will follow in early March, with stops confirmed in Birmingham, London, Glasgow, Manchester and Dublin. Tickets for all shows go on general sale at 9am local time on Friday (September 20) - Compare and buy tickets here.
The tour shares its name with his 2023 debut album, 'I’ve Tried Everything But Therapy (Part 1)', which he followed up with 'I’ve Tried Everything But Therapy (Part 1.5)' in April of this year.
He's currently touring the record across North America. In November, he'll play previously confirmed shows in France, Switzerland and the UK, where he'll take over London's Eventim Apollo. Tickets for those dates are already on sale.
Last week, he dropped the single Bad Dreams, which follows on from last year's hit Lose Control.
Dua Lipa
Photo: Tyrone Lebon
The British pop star has added more dates to her 2025 Radical Optimism Tour, including a European leg that features her previously confirmed Wembley Stadium, London shows on June 20 and 21, plus new stadium concerts in Liverpool and Dublin on June 24 and 27.
She has also revealed plans to head to arenas in Australia and New Zealand in March and April 2025. 
The North American leg of the trek will follow, launching with two dates at Toronto's Scotiabank Arena on September 1 and 2, and concluding at Seattle's Climate Pledge Arena on October 15 and 16.
Tickets for the UK, Ireland and North America go on general sale at 10am local time on Friday (September 20). Tickets for Australia and New Zealand go on sale the same day at 1pm local time.
For the European leg, tickets for the shows in the Czech Republic, Germany, Italy and France go on general sale at 10am local time on September 20, with the tickets for Spain, the Netherlands and Belgium following at 12pm local time the same day - Compare and buy tickets here.
The tour takes its name from the singer's latest album, which came out in May. It will also see her play a previously announced concert at London's Royal Albert Hall on October 17, and shows in Singapore, Indonesia, Phillipines, Japan, Taiwan, Malaysia, Thailand and South Korea this November and December. Tickets for those dates are on sale.
Pixies
Photo: Travis Shinn
The Boston alt-rockers have scheduled UK and European shows for next spring. The 20-date tour will kick off in Utrecht, Netherlands on April 25 before heading to Antwerp, Groningen, Tilburg, Berlin, Cologne, Munich, Bordeaux, Nantes, Granada, and Lisbon.
The UK leg will take place between May 13 and 24 and features two dates at London's O2 Academy Brixton, alongside gigs in Aberdeen, Edinburgh, Leeds, Birmingham, Cardiff, Newcastle and Manchester. Tickets for all dates go on general sale at 9am local time on Friday (September 20) - Compare and buy tickets here.
The trek will support the band's new album, 'The Night The Zombies Came', which is due out on October 25 via BMG.
The Prodigy
Photo: Rahul Singh
The British dance titans will take their Disrupta Tour across the UK this winter, kicking off at Bridlington Spa on December 13, ahead of their first Warehouse Project shows in 11 years at Manchester's Mayfield Depot.
They'll then call in Wolverhampton and London, where they'll play three consecutive nights at the O2 Academy Brixton, with the run currently set to wrap up on December 21 with a late show with a 1am curfew.
Support will come from Jaguar Skills on all dates, with Jack Saunders joining on December 14 and 21. Tickets go on general sale at 10am tomorrow (September 20) - Compare and buy tickets here.
The Prodigy's latest album is 2018's 'No Tourists', their final record with the late Keith Flint. Their line-up currently consists of Reality fronting the group, with DJ and producer Howlett on electronics, Rob Holliday handling guitar and bass, and long-time drummer Leo Crabtree.
The Disrupta Tour will also head to Australia in February. Tickets are on sale now.​
David Gray
Photo: Robin Grierson
The British singer-songwriter will support his new album, 'Dear Life', with a spring UK and Ireland shows, dubbed the Past & Present Tour.
The trek will head across North America in January and February, with UK and European dates scheduled for March and April.
The latter leg will begin on March 13 in Portsmouth, and includes a performance at London's Royal Albert Hall as the penultimate date, with the trek set to wrap up at Dublin's 3Arena on April 5. Tickets go on general sale at 10am on Friday (September 20) - Compare and buy tickets here.
'Dear Life' is due for release on January 17.
Also Announced This Week:
​Head here for a full list and to find your tickets.
Stereoboard Tour Dates
0 upcoming shows