This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      
Fox News Flash top entertainment and celebrity headlines are here.

Fashion took center stage Wednesday at the UBS Arena in Elmont, New York for the annual MTV VMAs.
Taylor Swift sported a plaid Christian Dior gown with black shorts and matching black boots for the musical affair where she leads nods with 10 nominations, followed closely by her recent collaborator, Post Malone, who's up for nine awards. The two took home the first award of the night for best collaborator for their song, "Fortnight." 
"Waking up this morning in New York on Sept. 11, I’ve just been thinking about what happened 23 years ago, everyone who lost a loved one and everyone that we lost," Swift said while accepting the award. "And that is the most important thing about today and everything that happens tonight falls behind that."
Swift made history at the VMAs by winning video of the year and is now the most-awarded musician in VMAs history.
TAYLOR SWIFT ENDORSES KAMALA HARRIS FOR PRESIDENT AFTER DEBATE: ‘I’VE MADE MY CHOICE'
Taylor Swift, Katy Perry and Paris Hilton step out in style for the VMAs. (Getty Images)
Katy Perry flashed her abs wearing a creamy Who Decides War tattered top and skirt. She was joined on the black carpet by her fiancé, Orlando Bloom.
The "Pirates of the Caribbean" star introduced his future bride onto the stage to perform before accepting her video vanguard award.
"She loves with her whole heart, and it's kind of irresistible," he said. "Congratulations on this honor baby, I'm so proud of you."
KATY PERRY REVEALS ORLANDO BLOOM'S X-RATED REWARD FOR COMPLETING CHORES
Paris Hilton sparkled in a custom Celia Kritharioti dress with an ornate diamond choker necklace to match her towering pumps.
Katy Perry and Orlando Bloom walked the 2024 MTV VMA red carpet together. Perry wore a two-piece white set and Bloom wore a black suit. (Photo by Jamie McCarthy/WireImage)
Paris Hilton sparkled down the red carpet at the VMAs. (Photo by Jamie McCarthy/WireImage)
Sabrina Carpenter opted for Old Hollywood glam at the VMA awards. (Photo by Jamie McCarthy/WireImage)
Sabrina Carpenter, who's new album "Short n' Sweet" just reached No. 1 on the charts, stepped out wearing a vintage white Bob Mackie gown adorned with crystals along her sweetheart neckline. 
LIKE WHAT YOU’RE READING? CLICK HERE FOR MORE ENTERTAINMENT NEWS
Iconic singer Cyndi Lauper sported a color-blocked black and white power suit with Alexis Bittar gold dipped hoop earrings.
Cyndi Lauper introduced Carpenter during the show, and walked the red carpet in a stunning black and white suit. (Photo by Noam Galai/Getty Images for MTV)
Camila Cabello showed some skin wearing black lace at the VMAs. (Photo by Dimitrios Kambouris/Getty Images)
Camila Cabello added a knee-length black veil to her Tony Ward gown which featured long sleeves and a bias-cut neckline.
CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR THE ENTERTAINMENT NEWSLETTER
Halsey rocked a sheer red leopard archival Versace gown embellished with sparkling black and scarlet rhinestones to match her fiery red hair.
Shawn Mendes looked dapper wearing a black Dolce & Gabbana suit with a matching shirt and shoes.
Chappell Roan earned her first VMAs moonman for best new artist after walking the red carpet wearing a sheer maroon dress.
Chappell Roan walked the red carpet wearing a sheer number. (Photo by Jamie McCarthy/WireImage)
Shawn Mendes wore all black on the 2024 MTV VMA red carpet. (Photo by Jamie McCarthy/WireImage)
Halsey walked the red carpet at the 2024 MTV VMAs in a vintage red Versace dress.  (Photo by Dimitrios Kambouris/Getty Images)
Megan Stallion not only hosted the VMAs, she also performed during the show. (Photo by Kevin Mazur/Getty Images for MTV)
Ariana Grande, Eminem and Sabrina Carpenter are each nominated for six VMAs.
CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP
Host Megan Thee Stallion and SZA are each competing for five awards, while Olivia Rodrigo, Teddy Swims and Lisa tied for four nominations apiece.
Tracy Wright is an entertainment reporter for Fox News Digital. Send story tips to Tracy.Wright@fox.com.
Get a daily look at the top news in music, movies, television and more in the entertainment industry.
By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use, and
        agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can
        opt-out at any time.
Subscribed

      You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!
    

        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by
        Factset. Powered and implemented by
        FactSet Digital Solutions.
        Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by
        Refinitiv Lipper.