Tate McRae is putting the pedal to the metal.
Fresh off a nationwide tour and recently-announced Jingle Ball headlining spots, the 21-year-old pop star announced she’s releasing her third studio album “So Close To What” on Feb. 21 and is taking off on her arena ‘Miss Possessive Tour’ next August with special guests Zara Larsson and Benee on select dates.
Late into the nationwide trek, the “greedy” singer is scheduled to swoop into New York City’s Madison Square Garden on Wednesday, Sept. 3.
“Another dream come true !!!!!” McRae shared on Instagram. “See u all soonnnn.”
In the interim, McRae will wrap her ongoing ‘Think Later World Tour’ and lend her talents to a number of Jingle Ball concerts including one at MSG on Friday, Dec. 13 along with Katy Perry, Gracie Abrams, Madison Beer, Meghan Trainor and Teddy Swims among others.
Fans can purchase tickets for all upcoming North American Tate McRae shows on sites like Vivid Seats; the official on-sale for the ‘Miss Possessive Tour’ is Friday, Nov. 22.
Vivid Seats is a secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand.
They have a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and will be delivered before the event.
A complete calendar including all North American tour (and Jingle Ball as well as a few international) dates, venues and links to buy tickets can be found below.
The Jingle Ball Tour will snake its way all over the country with different headliners at each of their 10 scheduled arena shows from Dec. 3-21.
For a closer look at where Tate is performing, here’s where she’ll take the stage and who her fellow headliners will be at the show of your choosing.
As noted above, McRae hasn’t stopped touring since she kicked off her 2024 international run in April. For a closer look at what she brings to the table, here’s what she performed at a recent gig in Australia on Nov. 15, courtesy of Set List FM.
01.) “think later”02.) “hurt my feelings”03.) “uh oh”04.) “feel like s—“05.) “stay done”06.) “cut my hair”07.) “rubberband”08.) “exes”09.) “guilty conscience”10.) “we’re not alike”11.) “she’s all i wanna be”12.) “It’s ok I’m ok”13.) “you broke me first”14.) “run for the hills”
15.) “grave”16.) “10:35” (Tiësto cover)Encore
17.) “2 hands”18.) “greedy”
Ahead of the release of her third studio album “So Close To What,” McRae released two singles.
Up first is the club-ready banger “It’s ok I’m ok” that’s sure to get fans on the dance floor with its thumping beat and slinky, breathy vocals. Then, in tandem with the tour and album announcement, McRae dropped the upbeat, horn-heavy bop “2 hands” that is just as danceable as “It’s ok I’m ok.” Clearly, Tate wants to make you move and these two tracks achieve that goal with ease.
To hear for yourself, you can find “It’s ok I’m ok” and “2 hands” here.
According to a press release, “So Close To What” represents “the journey of growing up when the road ahead feels infinite and the destination increasingly elusive” and be “an introspective exploration of self-discovery, love, and searching for balance in moments of uncertainty.”
At all shows, McRae will either be joined by Zara Larsson or Benee. To make sure you’re familiar with their work, our team tracked down their most streamed songs on Spotify below. Enjoy.
Zara Larsson: “Symphony”
Benee: “Supalonely”
Need even more shows in your life?
You’re in luck.
Here are just five of our favorite artists on the road these next few months that you won’t want to miss live.
• Sabrina Carpenter
• Kacey Musgraves
• Billie Eilish
• Dua Lipa
• Mariah Carey
Who else is out and about? Check out our list of all the 2025 Grammy nominees on tour these next few months to find the show for you.
This article was written by Matt Levy, New York Post live events reporter. Levy stays up-to-date on all the latest tour announcements from your favorite musical artists and comedians, as well as Broadway openings, sporting events and more live shows – and finds great ticket prices online. Since he started his tenure at the Post in 2022, Levy has reviewed a Bruce Springsteen concert and interviewed Melissa Villaseñor of SNL fame, to name a few. Please note that deals can expire, and all prices are subject to change