A new round of performing acts was announced for the 2024 CMA Awards on Thursday morning (Nov. 14), just days before the show is scheduled to take place.
As always, the show will feature a long list of one-of-a-kind special collaborations. Jelly Roll and Brooks & Dunn are taking the stage together for a performance of the country duo's hit "Believe," a song they're re-recording with Jelly for their upcoming Reboot II album.
Kelsea Ballerini is at the center of another hotly-anticipated duet. She and Noah Kahan -- who's performing for the first time at this year's CMAs -- will perform "Cowboys Cry Too," one of the songs off Ballerini's new Patterns album. Meanwhile, Ella Langley and Riley Green are set to sing their fan-favorite hit, "You Look Like You Love Me."
Additionally, an all-star tribute is being planned in honor of George Strait, who will receive the CMA Willie Nelson Lifetime Achievement Award during this year's ceremony.
Other newly-announced performers include Luke Combs, who will sing his contribution to the Twisters soundtrack, "Ain't No Love in Oklahoma." Megan Moroney will perform "Am I Okay?" from the CMAs stage, Bailey Zimmerman will sing "New to Country" and Kacey Musgraves will deliver a rendition of "The Architect."
Other performers, including Eric Church and Cody Johnson, are performing -- but they're keeping the specifics a surprise for now.
The new additions to the CMAs bill join a robust lineup of previously-announced performers.
Two-thirds of the hosting team is on the bill to perform during country music's biggest night, with Luke Bryan and Lainey Wilson both in the lineup. (The third host is Peyton Manning. He's a football star, not a singer, so it seems unlikely he'll be added to the bill — but you never know at the CMAs.)
Bryan and Wilson will both perform singles: Bryan is expected to sing his No. 1 hit "Love You, Miss You, Mean It," while Wilson will perform her recently released "4x4xU."
Also in the lineup is Post Malone, and he's likely to deliver one of the most-anticipated performances of the night with a rendition of "Yours," a song about his daughter. Posty released his first country album, F-1 Trillion, in 2024, and the project includes a slew of hit collabs, but "Yours" is one of its few solo tracks.
He's also scheduled to team up with Chris Stapleton for their duet "California Sober," and Stapleton will stay on the stage for his own solo performance of "What Am I Gonna Do."
Another big duet of the night will come from Thomas Rhett, who's bringing Teddy Swims to the stage for a mashup of their respective songs, "Something 'Bout a Woman" and "Lose Control." Dierks Bentley will also lead a performance of Tom Petty's "American Girl," flanked by some of the bluegrass genre's brightest young stars: Sierra Hull, Molly Tuttle and Bronwyn Keith-Hynes.
Other highlights will include an extended performance from Shaboozey, who's singing his monster hit "A Bar Song (Tipsy)" as a medley with his newly released "Highway."
Ashley McBryde is taking the stage, too, but whatever she's planning to perform is an as-yet-unrevealed surprise.
Read More: Here Are the Nominees for the 2024 CMA Awards
The 2024 CMA Awards are scheduled to take place at Nashville's Bridgestone Arena on Nov. 20. The awards show will be available to watch live on ABC. Additional performers and presenters are expected to be announced leading up to the show.
Gallery Credit: Billy Dukes