Jason Isbell performs on stage at Sentrum Scene on Nov. 5, 2024 in Oslo, Norway. The Alabama-born musician is set to perform in Birmingham in 2025 at the new Coca-Cola Amphitheater.(Photo by Per Ole Hagen/Getty Images)
Jason Isbell’s tour agenda for next year is already packed with shows in Europe, Australia, Mexico and throughout the United States. But the Alabama-born star — a marquee Americana artist with six Grammy Awards to his credit — has added another concert to his agenda, right here in his home state.
Isbell and his band, the 400 Unit, are set to perform on June 28, 2025, at the new Coca-Cola Amphitheater in Birmingham, with opening act Band of Horses.
Tickets for the 7 p.m. concert go on sale Friday, Dec. 13, at 10 a.m. CT via Ticketmaster/Live Nation, after a round of pre-sales. Prices are $39.50, $59.50, $79.50, $99.50 and $129.50, plus service charges, according to promoter Live Nation.
Pre-sales start on Wednesday, Dec. 11, at 10 a.m. CT and end on Thursday, Dec. 12, at 10 p.m. CT, the ticket listing says.
The Coca-Cola Amphitheater, a $46 million concert venue, is under construction and set to be completed in June 2025, according to organizers. The 9,380-seat amphitheater already has announced several concert dates for its debut season, with shows by Nelly, Styx, Rod Stewart, Matt Rife, Riley Green, Thomas Rhett and Teddy Swims.
READ: Coca-Cola gets naming rights for new Birmingham amphitheater in 10-year deal
Isbell, 45, has nearly 80 dates on his tour schedule, including solo shows, band performances, festival appearances and four concerts in March at The Pinnacle in Nashville. Birmingham is the only Alabama stop on his agenda right now, but Isbell, from Greenhill, has a long history of performances in his home state.
These include two-sold out concerts in June 2023 at Avondale Brewing Co. in Birmingham, appearances in May 2022 and October 2023 at the Orion Amphitheater in Huntsville, a 2015 concert at the Tuscaloosa Amphitheater (now known as Mercedes-Amphitheater) and a 2014 show at Hangout Music Fest in Gulf Shores.
READ: Jason Isbell sets gold standard at Avondale Brewing in Alabama: ‘I love playing here’
Isbell also performed in Birmingham in 2020 at the Lyric Theatre, at a campaign event for Doug Jones, who was then a U.S. Senator. (“I was kind of hoping me and Doug could do a duet, but ... it wasn’t in the cards,” Isbell told the sold-out crowd at the Lyric. “Maybe next time, Doug.”)
Most recently, Isbell popped up in Florence to perform a couple of songs at John Paul White’s “Home for the Holidays” concert at the University of North Alabama’s Norton Auditorium. The Dec. 4 show featured several acts and raised money for scholarships at the school.
A post shared by John Paul White (@johnboymusic)
Isbell also performed in Alabama during his years as a member of the Drive-By Truckers, 2001-2007. Isbell was a key member of the band as a singer, guitarist and songwriter, contributing tunes such as “Outfit,” “Decoration Day,” “Danko/Manuel,” “Goddamn Lonely Love” and “Never Gonna Change.”
Isbell’s fame has steadily increased as a solo artist, especially with the release of albums such as “Southeastern” (2013), “Something More Than Free” (2015), “The Nashville Sound” (2017) “Reunions” (2020) and “Weathervanes” (2023).
His signature songs include “Alabama Pines,” “Cover Me Up,” “Elephant,” “Codeine” “24 Frames,” “Super 8,” “If We Were Vampires,” “Something More Than Free,” “Speed Trap Town,” “Dress Blues,” “Cast Iron Skillet” and more. Matt Wake of AL.com has compared Isbell’s tunes to artworks, calling them “lyrically profound, Southern gothic folk-rock.”
Along with his Grammy wins, Isbell has earned several trophies from the Americana Music Awards. In 2023, he had his first major acting role, appearing in Martin Scorsese’s “Killers of the Flower Moon” alongside Leonardo DiCaprio and Robert De Niro.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices