By MIKAELA WILKES FOR DAILY MAIL AUSTRALIA 
 Published:  01:06, 3 December 2024   |  Updated:  04:04, 3 December 2024   
 85
View  comments
Country star Keith Urban might be famous, successful, and married to Nicole Kidman, but he's not above the occasional mortal moment. 
The 57-year-old suffered a fashion faux pas as he touched down at a New York City airport on a private jet on Sunday.  
The Australian musician— more typically seen in a black leather jacket or black tuxedo— sported a rather feminine camel winter coat, a polka-dot shirt, black scarf, and rectangular sunglasses. 
He completed the uncharacteristic look with a pair of black platform shoes. 
The Blue Ain't Your Colour singer braced against the chilly winter air as he disembarked from the private jet flight from Nashville Tennessee, where he performed at the CMA Awards last week. 
He clutched his tattooed hands together over his coat, in an effort to warm up his fingers, as he strolled past a team of security to waiting black vehicles. 
Keith Urban sported a feminine camel winter coat for his outing to New York via private jet 
The Australian musician— more typically seen in a black leather jacket or black tuxedo— paired the tailored coat with a pair of black pants and black work boots for the chilly New York day
Keith appeared to be chaperoning his eldest daughter, Sunday Rose, and her female friend for an outing. 
Earlier this month, Keith escorted the 16-year-old to a  Billie Eilish concert at the Bridgestone Arena. 
The father to Sunday Rose and Faith, 13, unfortuntately damaged his very expensive car in the process.
Urban had parked in a VIP garage, eyewitnesses said, and badly scraped his $600,000 Rolls Royce while leaving. 
The bottom of the car scraped the pavement as he made a darting right turn while dozens of concertgoers leaving the event yielded to oncoming traffic.
Wife Nicole did not appear to be present on the busy night in Music City, as she has been working on her upcoming project Scarpetta, an Amazon Prime Video murder mystery featuring fellow Oscar winner Jamie Lee Curtis. 
Country stars galore flooded onto the red carpet in Nashville last Wednesday for the 58th Annual Country Music Association Awards, with Keith's newfound love of comfortable jackets unfortunately landing him on some of the 'Worst Dressed' lists. 
Celebrities flocked to the Bridgestone Arena in the country music capital that evening, dressed to the nines in a dazzling display of heartland chic.
Nicole and Keith's daughter Sunday Rose, 16, pictured exiting the private jet wearing a faux fur cheetah print coat and carrying a pink backpack
Sunday Rose and Keith Urban appeared to be travelling with the same female friend that attended the Billie Eilish concert with her (pictured)
Nicole Kidman and Keith Urban are said to be considering a move back to their native Australia following a very difficult year
While Teddy Swims was praised for his extravagant black poncho with glittering gold trim, Keith 'dressed down to the point that he appeared unsure if he was off to attend an awards show or shovel the driveway.' 
Nicole and Keith are said to be considering a move back to their native Australia following a very difficult year.
The 57-year-old actress' mother Janelle died in September, with the couple returning to Sydney for the funeral.
Immediately following Janelle's funeral, Nicole returned to jetting around America promoting her latest movies and filming yet another project.
Her loved ones are said to be worried about Nicole suffering from 'burnout' as she works through her grief. 
'Nicole and Keith have had their worst year ever, they've barely spent any time together and she's been on her own throughout some of her most distressing times,' a source told Woman's Day.
'The big worry on everyone's minds is, how much more of this can she take?'
Nicole is currently in the US filming the six-part crime series Scarpetta, and has been spotted at an array of red carpets promoting her latest release, Babygirl. 
Nicole Kidman and her husband Keith Urban (pictured in October) are said to be considering a move back to their native Australia after a very difficult year
Keith is said to be considering stepping back from touring to support Nicole after his 10-date Las Vegas residency comes to an end in February
Keith is reportedly considering stepping back from touring to support Nicole after his 10-date Las Vegas residency comes to an end in February. 
He released his twelfth studio album, called High, in September.
'Playing guitar, writing songs and the place where I always feel high – playing live. Every night I get a chance to bring an energy and a release to people,' he said on Audacy country radio stations on Monday.  
Daily Mail Australia has contacted Nicole's representatives for comment.
Janelle died at the age of 84 - just hours before Nicole was awarded the Best Actress gong for Babygirl at the Venice Film Festival.
'I’m in shock, and I have to go to my family. But this award is for her. She shaped me, she guided me, and she made me,” Kidman said in a statement read out by Babygirl’s Dutch director Halina Reijn.
'The collision of life and art is heartbreaking,' Kidman wrote. 'And my heart is broken.'
Nicole was supported at the funeral by Keith and their two daughters Sunday Rose, 16, and Faith Margaret, 14, before they all flew back to Los Angeles together.
Nicole and Keith own a sprawling 20-room Nashville mansion, which cost them $4.89million, as well as a $6.77million home in Beverly Hills and $13.53million designer duplex in Chelsea, New York.
They also still own properties Down Under, including a $6.5million farmhouse in the Southern Highlands and two penthouses in Milson's Point in Sydney, which they lease out.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group