The South African singer is a finalist for eight BBMAs. She has three of five contenders for top Afrobeats song.

													By
												

	Paul Grein


Tyla is set to perform on the 2024 Billboard Music Awards. Performing from a pub in London, Tyla will be joined by Optimist Music ZA for a pop-up Amapiano party to sing two hits, with creative direction by choreographer Tanisha Scott.

	Hosted by actress and comedian Michelle Buteau, the 2024 BBMAs presented by Marriott Bonvoy is set to air Thursday, Dec. 12, at 8 p.m. ET/PT on FOX and Fire TV Channels, and on-demand on Paramount+, with performances also rolling out across Billboard.com and via @BBMAs and @Billboard social channels.

	










	Tyla joins SEVENTEEN and Teddy Swims, who Monday became the first performers to be announced for the show.

	Tyla’s global hit “Water” hit No. 7 on the Billboard Hot 100 in January. The following month, it was the inaugural Grammy winner for best African music performance. Her debut album Tyla reached No. 24 on the Billboard 200 in April.

	Tyla is a finalist for eight Billboard Music Awards: top R&B artist, top R&B female artist, top Afrobeats artist, top R&B album (Tyla), top R&B song and top Afrobeats song, where three of her songs are finalists – “Truth or Dare,” “Water” and “Jump,” the last-named title a collab with Gunna and Skillibeng.

	As previously announced, Zach Bryan, Taylor Swift, Morgan Wallen and Sabrina Carpenter are the leading finalists for the 2024 Billboard Music Awards.

	This marks the show’s return to FOX, which carried the show from its 1990 inaugural broadcast through 2006. In addition, Paramount+ will provide on-demand streaming of the show, while the free Fire TV Channels app will provide one-click access to fans using Amazon devices (Fire TV smart TVs and streaming media players and Fire Tablets).

	The BBMAs will celebrate music’s greatest achievements with exclusive original performances, artist interviews, and award celebrations taking place from global locations and in the midst of sold-out tours. Shaboozey will deliver a special performance from W Hollywood, part of the Marriott Bonvoy portfolio. Additional performers and special guests will be announced soon.

	The BBMAs honors the year’s biggest artists, albums, songs, producers and songwriters across multiple genres, as determined by year-end performance metrics on the Billboard charts. The eligibility dates for this year’s awards are aligned with Billboard’s Year-End Charts tracking period, which measures music consumption from the charts dated Oct. 28, 2023 through Oct. 19, 2024.

	










	The Billboard Music Awards are produced by Dick Clark Productions, which is owned by Penske Media Corporation. PMC is also the parent company of Billboard.

	The show is presented by Marriott Bonvoy, Marriott International’s travel program and portfolio of more than 30 hotel brands. For more information, visit MarriottBonvoy.com
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.