Spring is here, and the Washington Nationals and Major League Baseball are back in the Capital.
If you're planning to head out for any Major League Baseball game at Nationals Park, here's what to know.
Stream NBC4 newscasts for free right here, right now.
You can see the Nats' 2024 regular-season schedule online here, and tickets are available online here. 
We have the news you need to know to start your day. Sign up for the First & 4Most morning newsletter — delivered to your inbox daily.
We have a list of the fan-favorite special event days and promotions below.
The Nationals won one game and lost two in their opening series against the Reds.
In the home opener, the Pittsburgh Pirates, featuring several former Nationals players, bested Washington 8-4.
The Nats played in front of an announced sellout crowd of 40,405 for the club's home opener on a gray, dreary afternoon with the temperature in the low 50s.
Washington went 71-91 overall and 34-47 at home last season.
Why, yes, we do. (More accurately, the Nats' website does.)
It is here.
Nationals Park is deploying facial recognition technology in four entry lanes. The ballpark says the technology provides a hands-free entry experience and can speed up the entry process.
 Fans can register using the MLB Ballpark app, according to the Nationals.
"Fans can enroll in Go-Ahead Entry by logging into the MLB Ballpark app and following the prompts to capture an image of the user’s face. The image is converted into a unique alphanumeric code and then deleted, while the code, also known as a token, is associated with the individual fan’s account. When an enrolled fan walks through a Go-Ahead Entry lane, a facial authentication camera scans their face to match it with the enrolled token in the system and then allows access. Enrolled fans can use MLB Go-Ahead Entry at any park where the service is in place," the team said.
Here's more information.
Nationals Park recently installed a brighter scoreboard, too. In previous years, the scoreboard has overheated, Nationals Park senior vice president and general manager Frank Gambino said. Now, there will be no need to dim the scoreboard which will allow for improved legibility. 
There is also a new preset of light scenes that fans will see and experience after home runs. 
Fans can expect some new food vendors, including some that are grab-and-go. New local favorites will also be making an appearance as well, including Ssong's Hotdog from Columbia, Maryland, which specializes in Korean hot dogs; barbecue spot Emerald Amor Cafe, selling giant turkey legs; Los Cinco Tacos from Shaw; and Eli's Crepes.
If you haven't been to a game in a few years, you should also know that concessions and ticket sales are cashless (you can exchange cash for Nats Bucks in the park if needed). A strict clear bag policy is in effect and most fans will need to download the MLB Ballpark app to show their mobile tickets before entering the park.
Outside the park, there are also many options to grab a bite nearby.
Nicoletta Pizza, a fast-casual dining spot on the waterfront, reopened April 1 with the return of their gameday special, the "Curly W pizza," which features the Nats' logo made out of pomodoro sauce. Another spot for pizza on the waterfront is All-Purpose Pizza, where you can find deck-oven pizza and seasonal antipasti.
The Bullpen, a large, outdoor venue, offers beer, frozen cocktails and food. During the third through seventh innings of ever Nationals home game, you can pick up happy hour drinks for $6 at the main bar. Patrons must be at least 21 or accompanied by a parent or guardian. Unless there's a special event, entry is free and dogs are welcome.
Beresovsky’s Deli opened in Navy Yard on the day of the home opener. Fans can enjoy sandwiches, boozy and non-boozy milkshakes and classic deli sides.
Budweiser says it's also selling limited-edition Nationals-themed cans all around D.C. and is available wherever Budweiser is sold.
Yes! Most fans will need to show their tickets on the MLB Ballpark app.
It's where you can manage and display your digital ticket; you can also forward tickets to others. Print-at-home tickets won't be accepted. There's no will call for the 2024 season, so the suggested way to send tickets to friends and family is through the app. "You will need to find alternative options to distribute physical hard tickets to any groups or individual persons," the Nats said.
The app also has schedules and maps. You can use it to order concessions or merchandise. You may need to verify your email to use the app.
If your device runs out of battery, visit the Ticket Services Lobby next to the Center Field Gate for help.
You have plenty of options, including:
Metrorail: If you're taking Metro, the closest station is Navy Yard-Ballpark on the Green Line, which is just a block from Nats Park. Another option is the Capitol South station on the Orange, Blue and Silver lines, which is a 1-mile walk from the ballpark. Need to drive to the Metro station? Forty-one Metro stations have parking options; see details and availability here.
Metrobus & Circulator: Several Metrobus routes serve the area. See timetables here and a map of all Metrobus routes here. You can also get to the ballpark via D.C.'s Circulator. The Union Station-Navy Yard route drops off riders at the M Street and New Jersey Avenue SE entrance to the Navy Yard Metro station. Find more info here.
Parking Garages: You can buy parking passes ahead of time online here. Drive-up parking is available on a game-by-game basis and is not available for all games. Note that Nats parking facilities are now cashless and will only accept credit cards. All lots will open 2 hours and 15 minutes prior to the start of each game and will close an hour after the end of each game. Tailgating is not permitted at Nats parking facilities.
Bicycle: Have your own bike? Nats Park has a free bike valet to the left of Garage C at the corner of N and First streets SE. You'll find the access point on First Street, to the left of the garage's vehicle entrance. Want a short-term bike rental? Capital Bikeshare has four docking stations within a 10-minute walk from Nats Park: 1st & N streets SE; 1st & K streets SE; 3rd & Tingey streets SE, and M Street & New Jersey Avenue SE.
Rideshare and Taxis: You can rideshare or take a taxi to Nats Park. Getting dropped off a block or two away could save you time and money sitting in traffic. After the game, you can catch a cab at the taxi stand on the north side of M Street SE between South Capitol and Half streets SE. If you want to Uber or Lyft home, Nationals Park recommends you don't order a rideshare vehicle to South Capitol Street because it's very busy. Try walking a few blocks north.
Water Taxi: The Potomac Riverboat Company offers water taxi service from Georgetown; Old Town Alexandria, Virginia, and National Harbor, Maryland, to the Diamond Teague Park pier, located across the street from Nationals Park. You can see the route and buy tickets here.
Nationals Park hosts Kids’ Opening Day on Sunday, April 21, plus special Girl Scout and Boy Scout days throughout the season. Big-time fans can also check out the Jr. Nationals Kids Club for kids aged 4 to 12. 
The family-favorite Kids Run the Bases tradition will return for the Kids' Opening Day game on April 21 and will repeat after every home game on a Sunday.
"The line for Kids Run the Bases forms outside the ballpark on the First Street sidewalk – participants should exit the ballpark through the right field gate and proceed to the line," Nats Park said.
Other experiences kids will love include getting an autograph on Signature Sunday; photos with the Racing Presidents; first game, foul ball and home run certificates and a playground near Right Field Gate.
Strollers are permitted on all concourses. If your stroller folds up small enough, you can put it underneath your seat. Otherwise, you must check the stroller at a Guest Services location.
Diaper and medical bags are exempt from the clear bag policy. Families with these bags must use ADA/Family lanes at the Center Field and Home Plate gates.
Kids under the age of 2 don’t need a ticket (but they must sit on their parent or guardian's lap).
Every Tuesday, you can cash in on the deals and steals promotion. Tickets are available for as low as $9; you must book them through the links on this page. Discount food items include $3 pretzels, $4 hot dogs, $5 pizza and $5 fountain sodas. Parking in the W lot will cost $10 (it's regularly $20).
The Nationals also offer D.C. residents $5 tickets for every home game. The catch: The cheap tickets must be purchased in person at the National Park Center Field Gate box office with proof of D.C. residency. They can be bought before and on game days as available. The program is called District Tickets. "All buyers must have the MLB Ballpark app, an MLB account, and a valid Washington, DC driver’s license in order to purchase," the Nats Park guide says.
Discount tickets are also available for military members, first responders, government employees, students, young professionals (age 21 to 39) and health care professionals. Here's more info. The Nationals are set to release more information soon on its Harris Teeter Family Fun Pack which includes a free meal with each ticket.
Finally, you may have access to ticket discounts through a Costco membership or employee benefit programs including PlumBenefits.
You'll find plenty of promos and special events all season long, starting with Opening Day (naturally!), when the first 20,000 fans to arrive will get a free reversible bucket hat.
Back by popular demand, take your dog to a game with Pups in the Park. Human tickets are $35, and dog tickets are $10, with all proceeds from dog tickets going to the Humane Rescue Alliance. With the exception of service animals, dogs will only be allowed in sections 136-143, and you must bring a signed waiver to the game. You can download the waiver and by tickets here. Dates for Pups in the Park are April 5, April 23, June 3, Aug. 2, Sept. 10 and Sept 27.
Baseball fans can also enjoy special events including concerts or fireworks after select Friday games.
Here are some of the major promotions and specials:
Yes, the clear bag policy is still in place, with limited exceptions. The Nationals Park clear bag policy allows you to bring a small clutch bag, diaper bag or medical bag. Bags larger than 5 inches by 7 inches by 3/4 inches must be clear (and this policy is strictly enforced -- trust us!). Backpacks, including clear ones, are not allowed. 
Limited storage is available if your bag doesn't fit the requirements.
According to the Nats' website:
"Binbox is available for fans whose bags do not comply with ballpark regulations. Binbox will be positioned outside Right Field Gate and Home Plate Gate; they will be in position two hours prior to first pitch and will remain in position until one hour after last pitch. Guests may choose between a medium or a large locker to check their belongings for a small fee. Security personnel will be in position at both Binbox locations, and Binbox staff will be on site at each location to troubleshoot any website/app issues for purchases."
You may bring:
You may not bring:
Nationals Park is also non-smoking and a tobacco-free facility under D.C. law.
"There is no exception for electronic cigarettes or any other type of smoking device, or for smokeless tobacco or any other type of marijuana or tobacco product," the park's code of conduct says.
Correction: Screech will be riding behind the Budweiser Clydesdales on the hitch.