Hits Radio has announced an all-star line-up for its big Manchester live night out. This year, the music extravaganza is taking place at the Co-op Live Arena in Manchester for the first time.
Tom Grennan, Rita Ora and Teddy Swims are among the artists announced so far for the gig which will take place on Saturday, November 23. They will be joined by Cian Ducrot and Clean Bandit. Jax Jones, KSI and Perrie who complete the epic line-up.
Hits Radio DJs announced the full line up during shows broadcast from Manchester on Wednesday. And Tom Grennan himself confirmed his attendance, telling Fleur East on her breakfast show how excited he was to be coming back to the city.
READ MORE: Coldplay fans fume over massive Ticketmaster queues and huge resale prices
He said: "I just love Northerners, you go up to Manchester and everybody's like 'you alright mate'?! and are on the level and friendly."
He added: "Hits Radio always brings the vibes, and always brings the party and it's in the new arena that I've never been in and I'm looking forward to it – apparently, it's mega so I'll see you lot there for a party!"
On hosting duties this year will be Hits Radio presenters Fleur East and Gemma Atkinson.
Gemma said: "It’s got to be something pretty epic to drag me away from Strictly Come Dancing on a Saturday night but this year’s Hits Radio Live Manchester is it! Incredible venue, insane line-up and we’re all set to have an absolutely brilliant night. Come and turn it up Manchester!"
The Saturday night show will be followed on the Sunday by its sister station Greatest Hits Radio with its own live takeover. Artists confirmed for the November 24 show include Soul II Soul, Kim Wilde, Bananarama, ABC and Martin Kemp DJing.
Perrie
Jax Jones
Cian Ducrot
Rita Ora
Clean Bandit
KSI
Teddy Swims
Tom Grennan
Tickets are on sale now for Hits Radio Live on Saturday, November 23. These are via Ticketmaster here.
Tickets for Greatest Hits Radio Live on Sunday, November 24 are also available here.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.