Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
Strictly Come Dancing's Shayne Ward came under scrutiny following his first performance but received important advice from the show's judge Anton Du Beke on Saturday night.
Anton dished out some serious guidance after Shayne and Nancy Xu delivered a passionate tango to The Door by Teddy Swims: "I want you to listen to this, I want you to concentrate. I want you to evolve yourself into the dance, it's about the dance."
The judge continued, emphasising the need for commitment to the dance: "I, at the moment, don't want to know about you, at the moment. I will do later, right now I want you to be in the dance and when you do that, you get this because it's intense, it's together, you're in beautiful harmony."
He went further, highlighting the potential within Shayne: "The music is part of the whole production as well and it's a complete bit. I want you to focus on that because moving forward, you can be a real powerhouse in this competition."
 Craig Revel Horwood concurred with Anton: "I completely agree with Anton, you are the one to watch", reports the Express. 
Shayne appeared to take the advice to heart as he scored a respectable 31 points, showing considerable improvement since the beginning.
Critics had previously taken to social media, labelling him "overconfident" and "cocky" after his first dance, sparking widespread debate.
Post-performance, Twitter saw comments such as a viewer's observation: "The overconfidence is actually something I'm not enjoying about Shayne right now."
Yet another Twitter user sounded off their surprise at Shayne's approach: "Shayne's not learned that no-one takes to the hyper-confident competitive ones, has he?"
A viewer took to social media with a cheeky comment stating: "Find someone that loves you as much as Shayne Ward loves himself."
Taking to Instagram, Shayne addressed the remark about his confidence on Strictly Come Dancing, saying: "Strictly is amazing and I love being part of it. But through my smile on TV I'm as nervous as the next person."
He added clarity about his demeanor: "Not cocky or overconfident... I'm nervous! I just gotta work hard and listen to my wonderful teacher [Nancy]. All I can do is my best!"
Strictly Come Dancing's Week 2 results airs tonight at 7:15pm on BBC One.