The trio pays homage to their home state in the song coming December

													By
												

	Michael Saponara


Quavo has some more heat on the way, and he announced a star-studded collaboration paying homage to his home state of Georgia alongside fellow Peach State natives Teddy Swims and Luke Bryan.






	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Luke Bryan		
					






















	
		
					Quavo		
					






















	
		
					Teddy Swims		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	Huncho teased “Georgia Ways” on Tuesday (Nov. 26), and the country-leaning snippet went viral on social media ahead of its Dec. 6 release. “Georgia Ways, an anthem for my Georgia Dawgs, with my guys @lukebryan & @teddyswims out everywhere 12/6,” he wrote to IG. “Link in bio to pre-save now.”

	












	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	







	An accompanying music video clip boasts close-up shots alternating among the artists. The only thing missing was Bryan’s grill, as Quavo and Swims showed off their golden teeth.




			Trending on Billboard		






	Fans were also loving what they heard from the crossover track. “YES! Does this mean America is healing? Because we need the glory days back when hip-hop and country crossovers SLAPPED! @thetimmcgraw and @nelly have 24 hours to respond,” one person commented on the post.

	Diplo, Rich the Kid, Michael Rubin and more flooded Quavo’s comments section, showing him love regarding the upcoming collaboration.

	Quavo’s enjoyed a versatile 2024, and he’s made it a point to show off his full repertoire throughout the year. He’s notched previous collabs in the calendar year with Lana Del Rey, Lenny Kavitz, Yeat, Giggs, The Kid Laroi and more.

	Bryan and Swims will add their names to that list come Dec. 6. It’s the first time either has teamed up with the Migos rapper.

	With a jam-packed 2024, it appears Quavo may be setting the table for another solo album next year. His Rocket Power solo LP arrived in August 2023 and debuted at No. 18 on the Billboard 200. 

	Watch the teaser clip below.
A post shared by QuavoHuncho (@quavohuncho)
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.