The 2024 MTV Video Music Awards are just around the corner! This year, the exciting awards show will air on Wednesday, September 11 at 5 p.m. PT/8 p.m. ET with a live TV broadcast on MTV. Get ready today to stream for FREE with a trial of Philo or watch on demand after it airs.
• WATCH - You can stream the 2024 MTV Video Music Awards for FREE on Philo (free trial), on DirecTV Stream (free trial), or with Fubo (free trial).
For an iconic look back at last year’s event, check out NSYNC presenting Taylor Swift with an award:
As of now, voting for your favorite stars is still open for the 2024 MTV VMAs. You can easily vote in categories like Video of the Year, Best New Artist, Song of the Year, and more by visiting the official VMAs voting page. You can vote up to 10 times each day. Then, sign up for a free trial of Philo to watch the winners take all on Wednesday, September 11.
Katy Perry will host the VMAs for the second time since 2017.
Not only is new pop hit sensation Chappell Roan nominated for a 2024 MTV VMA, but she will also perform at the event, meaning she is planning to be in attendance. Since Taylor Swift is also nominated, and leading the nominations this year, it may be safe to say that she will also likely be there.
Pop icon and “I Kissed A Girl” singer Katy Perry will receive the Video Vanguard Award and perform a medley of her hits at this year’s awards show. Additional nominees include:
VIDEO OF THE YEAR
Ariana Grande - we can’t be friends (wait for your love)
Billie Eilish - Lunch
Doja Cat - Paint The Town Red
Eminem - Houdini
SZA - Snooze
Taylor Swift feat. Post Malone - Fortnight
ARTIST OF THE YEAR
Ariana Grande
Bad Bunny
Eminem
Sabrina Carpenter
SZA
Taylor Swift
SONG OF THE YEAR
Beyoncé - TEXAS HOLD ‘EM
Jack Harlow - Lovin On Me
Kendrick Lamar - Not Like Us
Sabrina Carpenter - Espresso
Taylor Swift feat. Post Malone - Fortnight
Teddy Swims - Lose Control
WHAT: 2024 MTV VMAs
WHEN: Wednesday, September 11 at 5 p.m. PT / 8 p.m. ET
CHANNEL: MTV
STREAM: You can stream the 2024 MTV Video Music Awards for FREE on Philo (free trial), on DirecTV Stream (free trial), or with Fubo (free trial). If you’re out of free trials, you can sign up for Philo for only $28/month.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices