A music superstar is taking over Manchester's tram network by voicing passenger announcements.
Critically-acclaimed singer-songwriter Rita Ora will be making her debut on the trams this week as the voice of the Metrolink. It comes as the musician prepares to host to MTV EMAs in the city this weekend.
On Sunday (November 10), Co-op Live will host the 2024 edition of the music show with thousands in the arena watching. Rita Ora, who has already hosted the show three times before, will take to the stage alongside a quartet of British stars, presenting awards to some of the biggest names in music.
READ MORE: MTV reveals more superstar performers set for 2024 EMAs in Manchester
From today (Monday, 4 November) the musician will take over the tram announcements at selected stops to provide important tips on how to get around and plan journeys, while also providing a bit of light relief from the daily commute.
As music’s biggest global celebration, the MTV EMAs is one of most high-profile events in the pop culture calendar. The show will broadcast live in front of a packed-out audience, and on MTV, in more than 150 countries around the world.
People travelling on Metrolink in the week leading up to the ceremony will want to keep their eye's peeled for the the St Peter’s Square tram stop sporting a new, colourful, MTV EMA-inspired look, with passengers able to pose in front of awards posters for ‘Best Tram Outfit’, ‘Longest Commute’, ‘Best Tram Passenger and ‘Seat Offering Hero’.
Those travelling into Manchester by tram or train may notice Transport for Greater Manchester’s own offices opposite Piccadilly station have also been given an MTV makeover to help build excitement for the EMAs.
MTV Music Week will also take place across Manchester in the lead-up to the awards ceremony, helping to shine a spotlight on some of the city’s much-loved venues while also giving homegrown, up-and-coming artists a platform to share their music.
Andy Burnham, Mayor of Greater Manchester, said: “For a long time we’ve been saying that Manchester is the UK’s capital of music, with a rich musical heritage stretching back decades that has helped build a vibrant, diverse music scene that continues to flourish today.
“Having the MTV EMAs, Music Week and some of the biggest names in pop music like Rita Ora in Manchester not only helps to strengthen our claim, but it also provides a huge boost to our music industry and the wider economy.
“We’re absolutely delighted to have Rita Ora as the voice of Metrolink this week, and I hope everyone attending the MTV EMAs and Music Week events enjoy everything that Manchester has to offer.”
Last week, MTV revealed more performers and presenters set to take over the Co-op Live arena on Sunday night. The awards will see Pet Shop Boys perform with the Manchester Camerata, an orchestra that has been working in the city and beyond since 1972.
They're the latest to be confirmed for the awards, with Grammy-nominated singer-songwriter Shawn Mendes, singer-songwriter Raye, Teddy Swims, Benson Boone, and The Warning, all set to perform too.
Meanwhile, on hosting duties there will be Grammy award-winning Hip-Hop icon LL COOL J plus mother-and-daughter musicians Neneh Cherry and Mabel. Bosses have also confirmed that rock star Gavin Rossdale will be presenting, as will Emily in Paris star Lucien Laviscount, film star Aaron Taylor-Johnson and Jodie Turner-Smith.
Richard Godfrey, Executive Producer, MTV EMAs, said: “The MTV EMAs is about to land in Manchester, and the city has given us such a warm welcome.
“We hope that fans travelling this week, and to the show on Sunday, enjoy Rita Ora’s announcements during their journeys. Not only will Rita be bringing the MTV EMA spirit to the stage at Co-op Live, she will also be bringing it to the people of Manchester on the tram!”
The 2024 MTV EMAs will broadcast at 9pm on Sunday, 10 November on MTV UK, Channel 5 and Pluto TV, and will be available on demand on Paramount+ from 12 November.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.