"The Year: 2024" premieres Thursday, Dec. 26, on ABC.Courtesy of ABC
With 2024 coming to a close, take a look back at some of the year’s biggest moments with Robin Roberts and other ABC news members. “The Year: 2024” airs Thursday, Dec. 26, at 9 p.m. ET on ABC.
Stream the news special for free with a trial from DIRECTV Stream or Fubo, or watch it starting on Dec. 27 with a free Hulu trial or Hulu with the Disney Bundle.
“Good Morning America” anchor Robin Roberts hosts a look back at the top stories, trends and entertainment obsessions that defined 2024. The special, now in its 14th year, will include interviews with newsmakers, celebrities and cultural and political contributors.
This two-hour special will cover everything from landmark legal decisions and the presidential election to breakout stars and champions that had us tuned to the TV. Interviews will include Elton John, Teddy Swims, Shaboozey, Lisa Ann Walter, Ilona Maher, Stephen Nedoroscik and many more names from an eventful year.
Roberts will be joined by “World News Tonight” anchor David Muir, “Good Morning America’s” Michael Strahan and Lara Spencer, “World News Tonight” Sunday anchor Linsey Davis, “Nightline” co-anchor Juju Chang, “20/20” co-anchor Deborah Roberts and ABC News correspondent Will Reeve.
Tune in to see what 2024 will be remembered for. “The Year: 2024” airs tonight, Dec. 26, at 9/8c on ABC.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices