Coldplay fans were left elated after the band announced a slue of stadium tour dates earlier this month, including shows across the UK in 2025. The British rock band will be playing two massive gigs at Hull's Craven Park Stadium before playing to 90,000 fans each night in a 10-show residency at London's Wembley Stadium.
Wile many were fortunate to get their hands on tickets before they completely sold out, some were inevitably less lucky. As a results, Coldplay fans are now rushing to various resale websites such as Viagogo and StubHub to claim their own.
We've got all the details you might need on how to get your Coldplay tickets right now. Read on for the details.
READ MORE: KSI, Teddy Swims and Rita Ora among all-star line-up announced for Hits Radio Live in Manchester
READ MORE: Tickets for MTV EMAs in Manchester to go on sale to the public - how to register
Coldplay tickets are available right now through various resale websites, as the Express reports. Here's the breakdown of where you might want to look:
Tickets from these resale websites are being offered by fans who can no longer attend. As a result, ticket prices may be skewed a little. However, there are plenty of other options available for fans, as well.
Coldplay tickets were officially released on Friday, September 27, 2024. Many retailers, such as Ticketmaster and See Tickets, would have sold out very quickly, however, there are still chances to buy VIP tickets right now.
Seat Unique offers bespoke and exciting experiences for fans who want to enjoy the finer things in life. Where these tickets are concerned, fans may be able to enjoy included catering, drinks, special access and even after parties. Here's the link you need:
Otherwise, here's some of standard official retailers:
SEPTEMBER 2025
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.