Zach Bryan. Photo: Trevor Pavlik
The artist lineup has been unveiled for Bourbon & Beyond, the Kentucky bourbon and music festival, set for Sept. 19-22 on Louisville’s Highland Festival Grounds.
The bill features both established and breakout stars including headliners Neil Young and Beck on Thursday, Sept. 19, Dave Matthews Band and Tedeschi Trucks Band on Friday, Sept. 20, Zach Bryan and Cody Jinks on Saturday, Sept. 21 and Tyler Childers and My Morning Jacket on Sunday, Sept. 22.
Other artists slated to perform include Matchbox Twenty, The National, Whiskey Myers, Black Pumas, The War And Treaty, The Beach Boys, Mt. Joy, Fleet Foxes, Young the Giant, Maren Morris, Wyatt Flores, The Head And The Heart, Melissa Etheridge, Teddy Swims and more.
Now in its sixth year, the four-day festival is adding two music stages and 40 additional artists for 2024, expanding to a total of five music stages and 100 performers, plus the culinary and bourbon workshop stages.
“To have one of the most influential artists of all time, Neil Young, headline Bourbon & Beyond this year is so incredibly special. Not only do I love his music, but I think there is a real authenticity in his craft that has inspired generations of artists to find their true voice,” says Danny Wimmer of Danny Wimmer Presents. “To have such a timeless artist share the stage with some of today’s best storytellers and craftsmen is something truly exceptional. Plus, being able to celebrate hometown heroes, My Morning Jacket and Kentucky’s own, Tyler Childers, this year’s Bourbon & Beyond lineup is truly a career highlight for me. We can’t wait to see everyone this September to celebrate the pure magic of this festival and the great city of Louisville.”
The Bourbon & Beyond experience will include daily workshops and demonstrations hosted by Chris Blandford, Amanda Freitag, Ed Lee and Chris Santos—pairing master distillers and celebrity chefs with guest artists and a who’s who of Kentucky personalities—as well as a variety of additional onsite experiences.
The Kroger Big Bourbon Bar will also be available to attendees. Featuring bluegrass bands, line dancing and curated picks, the bourbon trail is coming right to Bourbon & Beyond. Bourbon lovers can also stop by Chris Picks MiniBar for select single barrels curated especially for the festival as well as The Hunter’s Club and the Tiki Barrel Bar. In addition to select bourbon experiences, guests can partake in other cocktail offerings at Blackened Presents, The Whiskey Bar, and music lovers and musicians can spend time at The Music Experience powered by American Musical Supply consisting of music gear to play, giveaways, special deals, guitar and drum contests and more.
“The Commonwealth of Kentucky is honored to be hosting Bourbon & Beyond in Louisville this September,” says Governor Andy Beshear. “The festival brings in fans from all over the world and showcases the best of Kentucky; highlighting our rich culture of bourbon, the best in local culinary and a top tier musical lineup. We can’t wait to welcome fans once again for this great tradition that we all in Kentucky are proud to call our own.”
For more information, click here.