With Teddy Swims' "Lose Control" in the runner-up spot, Warner Records boasts the list's top two tracks for the first time.

													By
												

	Gary Trust


Benson Boone’s “Beautiful Things” rises to No. 1 on Billboard’s Pop Airplay chart (dated April 27).

	Boone lands his initial leader on the survey. He previously charted two songs on Pop Airplay: “Ghost Town” (No. 24 peak in March 2022) and “In the Stars” (No. 36, September 2023).

	Plus, with the track on Night Street/Warner Records, Warner has promoted two consecutive Pop Airplay No. 1s for the first time, as “Beautiful Things” replaces Teddy Swims’ “Lose Control,” on SWIMS Int./Warner, after two weeks on top.

	Additionally, with “Beautiful Things” at No. 1 and “Lose Control” at No. 2, Warner claims the top two titles on Pop Airplay simultaneously for the time.

	










	(The Pop Airplay chart, which began in October 1992, ranks songs by weekly plays on over 150 mainstream top 40 radio stations monitored by Mediabase, with data provided to Billboard by Luminate.)




			Trending on Billboard		






	“Beautiful Things” has ruled the Billboard Global Excl. U.S. chart for eight weeks and the Billboard Global 200 for seven frames (through charts dated April 20). It leads Adult Pop Airplay for a second week. On the Billboard Hot 100, it has reached a No. 2 high.

	“Beautiful Things,” which Boone co-wrote, is on his debut LP, Fireworks & Rollerblades, released April 5. The set launched at No. 6 on the April 20-dated Billboard 200 chart.

	“I wrote it on my piano,” the Washington native recently told Billboard of the song’s origin. “I’d just moved to L.A., and I’d moved my grandma’s old piano to my living room. I couldn’t sleep one night, and I didn’t know what to do, so I came downstairs and started playing the piano. That’s when I wrote the melodies.

	“It was inspired by a relationship that I had just gotten into,” Boone further mused. “For the first time in my life, I felt like I was extremely out of control of the way this relationship would turn out. Meaning like, in the past, I feel like I’ve always known that I could be the one to end a relationship. This one felt very different. It was the first time that I’d really been actually, genuinely terrified to lose something.”

	All Billboard charts dated April 27 will update Tuesday, April 23, on Billboard.com.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.