Presenters at the 2024 VMAs will include TikTok star Addison Rae, Flavor Flav, Big Sean, Busta Rhymes, Halle Bailey, Jordan Chiles, Paris Hilton and many more
Charlotte Phillipp is a Weekend Writer-Reporter at PEOPLE. She has been working at PEOPLE since 2024, and was previously an entertainment reporter at The Messenger.
Amy Sussman/WireImage, John Nacion/Getty, Kevin Mazur/Getty
 The 2024 MTV Video Music Awards is announcing its star-studded list of presenters!

 On Friday, Sept. 6, MTV announced that a number of celebs — including influencers, musicians, actors, Olympians and more — would be stepping out on stage to help the network hand out its awards on Sept. 11 at New York's UBS Arena.

 Included in the lineup of award presenters this year are Big Sean, Busta Rhymes, Carson Daly, Cyndi Lauper, TikTok star Addison Rae, Chicken Shop Date host Amelia Dimoldenberg and model Alessandra Ambrosio.

 Others include musicians Damiano David of Måneskin, DANNA, DJ Khaled, Lil Nas X, Miranda Lambert, Fat Joe, Flavor Flav and French Montana, plus Little Mermaid star Halle Bailey, Olympic gymnast Jordan Chiles, Naomi Scott, Paris Hilton, Suki Waterhouse, Thalía and Tinashe.

Alex Gottschalk/DeFodi Images via Getty 
 The ceremony also announced that outside of its stacked lineup of mainstage performances, up-and-comers Jessie Murph and Teddy Swims would be performing on its Extended Play Stage, and that Nessa, Dometi Pongo and Kevan Kenney would be hosting the pre-show — which will also feature a special performance by LE SSERAFIM.

 The PEOPLE Puzzler crossword is here! How quickly can you solve it? Play now!

 In August, the network also announced that Chappell Roan, Sabrina Carpenter, Camila Cabello, GloRilla and Rauw Alejandro would be performing live at the ceremony, marking a debut for all of the performers aside from Cabello. Just last week, Anitta, Karol G, LL Cool J, Halsey, Lenny Kravitz, Lisa, Benson Boone and Shawn Mendes were also added to the performance lineup.

 Roan, Carpenter, Cabello and more of the performers are also nominated for a host of awards at this year's VMAs. Of each of the performers, Carpenter leads the pack at six nominations, which include her going up against the likes of Bad Bunny and Taylor Swift for artist of the year and song of the year for her Top 40 hit "Espresso."

John Shearer/Getty Images
 Never miss a story — sign up for PEOPLE's free daily newsletter to stay up-to-date on the best of what PEOPLE has to offer​​, from celebrity news to compelling human interest stories. 

 However, she didn't take home the most nominations overall — that goes to Swift, who has 10 total nods including video of the year and best pop artist, Her "Fortnight" collaborator Post Malone, follows close behind her with nine nominations, including best collaboration for his work with Morgan Wallen on their country track “I Had Some Help."

 Roan is up for best new artist as well as an MTV Push performance of the year nod along with GloRilla. This year's ceremony also features 29 first-time nominees, including Carpenter, Roan, Alejandro, Tyla, Jelly Roll, Sexxy Red, Victoria Monét and more.

 Fans can vote for their favorite artists at vote.mtv.com through Friday, Aug. 30. The 2024 MTV Video Music Awards will air live on Wednesday, Sept. 11, at 8 p.m. ET/PT.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)