As 2024 comes to a close, everyday music lovers and celebrities alike get excited to discover who their top artist of the year was on Spotify Wrapped — and the stars are spilling all their music listening secrets with Us.
“Taylor Swift was my top artist. I’m a Swiftie. I’m a fan of hers since day one. I love her,” Jimmy Fallon told Us Weekly exclusively at iHeartRadio’s Z100 Jingle Ball in New York City on December 13. “It was Taylor Swift, it was Chappell Roan and then it got to like, [The] Carpenters?”
After clarifying that he was talking about the sibling duo Karen and Richard Carpenter and not Sabrina Carpenter, one of 2024’s top pop stars, Fallon explained the divergence in his music taste.
“I took a real curve on my playlist,” he said. “I let my daughters use my Spotify as well, so you can see where dad hopped in. And then The Beatles, and then Paul McCartney and John Lennon, yeah. But it’s a good mix and it’s an honest mix. I didn’t make it up.”
Check out the exclusive video above and keep scrolling for more stars’ top artists of the year — including Teddy Swims, Jessica Capshaw and more:

“Taylor Swift was my top artist. I am a Swiftie. I’m a fan of hers since day one,” Fallon told Us. “I love her. It was Taylor Swift, it was Chappell Roan, and then it got to like, [The] Carpenters?”
And no, the Tonight Show host wasn’t talking about 2024 pop queen Sabrina Carpenter.
“No. THE Carpenters,” he clarified. “Yeah. I mean, I took a real curve on my playlist. You showed my age. Yeah. I let my daughters use my Spotify as well so you can see where dad hopped in. And then The Beatles, and then Paul McCartney and John Lennon, yeah. But it’s a good mix and it’s an honest mix. I didn’t make it up.”
While the RHONY alum told Us she loves music, the truth is, she said, “I love me more.”
Bensimon took the opportunity to plug her new podcast rather than share her top artist.
“I’m on Spotify with ‘I Do, Part 2,’ my new podcast with iHeartRadio,” she told Us. “I’ve had so many amazing listeners who are also looking for love and really celebrating that second chapter in their life.”
The Bachelor alum admittedly doesn’t use Spotify — “I just like to stick to what I’ve known since I was a sophomore in high school,” she told Us — but she took a guess as to what her top artists would be.
“It’s gotta be Taylor [Swift],” Iaconetti told Us. “Of course it’s gonna be Taylor. I think it’s probably been like that for the past 10 years.”
Yet, as a mother of two kids under 3 (son Dawson, 2, and son Hayden, 17 months, whom she shares with Jared Haibon), Iaconetti admits some of her childrens’ favorite songs make their way into her playlists as well.
“You’ll probably find some kids — not kids’ songs because Dawson really doesn’t listen to kids’ songs — but we get him into certain things, like, he’s been really into NSYNC, he’s been into Backstreet Boys, very into Jonas Brothers, loves Jonas Brothers, so those would be up there as well,” she shared.
“I’ll give you one guess,” the Grey’s Anatomy actress prompted Us when asked who her top artist was. Sure enough, just like Us, it was Swift.
“It was Taylor, then Gracie [Abrams] and then Sabrina [Carpenter],” Capshaw revealed. “Truly, on the day that that came out, my kids were like, ‘What’s your Wrapped?!’”
For the “Lose Control” singer, his top artist was a no-brainer — and, funny enough, it was one of his fellow Best New Artist Grammy nominees.
“Benson Boone,” Swims — who was nominated for his first Grammy award this year alongside Boone — “Easy. Yeah, easy, dude. The amount of time I have him, I haven’t even shown him my Spotify Wrapped, so it’s going to be rough. But yeah, Benson Boone all the way.”
The British singer-songwriter is keeping things in the U.K. when it comes to his top artists of the year.
“I think [my top artist] could have been Central C,” he told Us. “I love what [he’s] doing, I think he’s another great U.K. act that’s breaking boundaries in America.”
Smith added three more British musicians to his list as well.
“Adele every year is in my top five. She’s never not going to be in my top five,” he added. “Big Ed [Sheeran] fan. He was in my top five. I think Artemas was in my top five as well. So yeah. A diverse array.”
While the sibling duo — who comprise the pop group Lawrence — initially joked that their top artists were “ourselves and ourselves,” they went on to share their personal musical acts of the year.
“I recently got in a big John Mayer phase music listening wise,” Clyde shared. “He was one of my top artists of the year this year as he has been in some other years past.”
Gracie shares her brother’s love of Mayer, but her tastes this year leaned more female-focused.
“I think Sabrina Carpenter was in there. I think Ella Fitzgerald was in there,” she told Us. “I have an eclectic [mix]. It’s mostly women, and it’s many different eras, like, different genres. I don’t know. Maybe some Paramore is in there. I can’t be hemmed in.”
The RHOC alum’s top artist of the year is a House duo.
“I think maybe Sofi Tukker,” she told Us. “I saw them, like, three times last year, so that would make sense.”
The 20-year-old singer-songwriter admitted to Us that her top artist was Artemas — but by accident.
“My top artist was Artemas because I listen to his song ‘Good Girl,’ and I would fall asleep on planes to it,” she revealed. “I was like, ‘Wait, I didn’t remember listening to this song,’ and then I was like, ‘Oh, because I would put it on and then I would fall asleep on a plane.’”
While she didn’t intend to crown the British singer-songwriter her top artist on Spotify Wrapped, she still appreciates him as an artist.
“He’s great,” LaRosa said. “I feel like we’re in a similar lane and he’s a very cool artist.”
The singer and Ghostbusters actress shares a similar conundrum with LaRosa.
“You know what? My top artists were Cigarettes After Sex and Deftones because I sleep to both of those artists,” Grace told Us. “That’s my music that I turn on at night and I’ll fall asleep to.”
Like many celebs, Olsen’s Spotify Wrapped was dominated by Swiftie-mania.
“My top artist was Taylor Swift again,” the media personality told Us. The second was Billie Eilish, though. I think it was almost, it was probably close with the two.”
As Olsen shared his answer, his friend and tourmate shook his head in embarrassment at his own top artist lineup.
“I’m laughing at mine,” Trainor told Us. “Like, Drake and Yeat. I gotta go.”
While he admitted that he hasn’t done his Spotify Wrapped quite yet, he predicted that his top artists would be Coldplay or Royel Otis.
“I want to see them so bad,” he told Us of the latter. “Their song ‘Oysters in My Pocket,’ I’m, like, obsessed with it. So good.”
Lucky for Warren, he got to see many of his top artists of the year at iHeartRadio’s Z100 Jingle Ball — but the singer at the very top of his list was Noah Kahan.
“I know, I’m sorry. Basic bitch,” he joked to Us. “Quite literally, every car ride, I don’t listen to a lot of music, but I’ll listen to Noah, Benson [Boone], Teddy [Swims], those guys. Mark, too, I listen to Mark’s music a lot. Mark Ambor.”
When it comes to music, the RHONY star likes to stick to the classics.
You have successfully subscribed.
By signing up, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy and to receive emails from Us Weekly
Check our latest news in Google News
Check our latest news in Apple News
“I don’t check [my Spotify Wrapped] because I’m the worst. I don’t have time,” she revealed to Us before guessing who she thought her top artist would be. “Well, my kids use my Spotify, so probably their music, but I’m really into classic rock. Again, I go through phases, so I’m on a Tracy Chapman kick.”
The country pop singer is just like other girls — and she’s not ashamed of it.
“I actually didn’t do mine. I think I ran out of time,” she told Us. “I would guess it’s Sabrina [Carpenter], Chappell [Roan] and Gracie [Abrams], like every girl ever in the U.S. right now, so I’m one of them.”
You have successfully subscribed.
By signing up, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy and to receive emails from Us Weekly
You have successfully subscribed.
By signing up, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy and to receive emails from Us Weekly
Us Weekly has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
You have successfully subscribed.
By signing up, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy and to receive emails from Us Weekly
Us Weekly is part of Part of the a360media Entertainment Group. © a360media 2025Powered by WordPress VIP
By clicking Sign In, you agree to our Terms and Conditions and that you have read our Privacy Policy.
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include:
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include: