Nathaniel Rateliff and The Night Sweats perform at Beak and Skiff in Lafayette, N.Y. (Katrina Tulloch | ktulloch@syracuse.com)
Get your freak on as the official first week of fall begins. 
Central New York has a brimming schedule filled with family-friendly and Halloween-esque activities. 
The Doobie Brothers take the stage at Oncenter War Memorial on Thursday following a succession of concerts including Teddy Swims, My Morning Jacket and Nathaniel Rateliff & The Night Sweats.
Spend time with your family at fall must-dos like the Central Square Apple Festival and Moore Family Farm Fall Festival.
Get your cosplay gear ready for Emo Nite, LunaCon III and The World’s Largest 80s Party on Saturday. And finish off your weekend at the Salt City Reptile Expo in Syracuse cuddling a bearded dragon. 
My Morning Jacket and Nathaniel Rateliff & The Night Sweats will perform at the Empower Federal Credit Union Amphitheater at Lakeview in Syracuse on Sept. 24 on their co-headlining “Eye to Eye” tour dates. Both artists will play equal-length sets. My Morning Jacket, who previously played the amphitheater in 2017, is a Southern rock band that blends indie rock with alt-country, Americana and psychedelic rock. Nathaniel Rateliff and his backing band also last played the Syracuse amphitheater in 2017, but most recently came through Central New York in 2022 for a sold-out show at Beak & Skiff in LaFayette.
Where: 490 Restoration Way, Syracuse.
When: Tuesday at 7:30 p.m.
How Much: Tickets start at $42.30 and are available here.
FORT LAUDERDALE, FLORIDA - APRIL 05: American singer-songwriter Teddy Swims performs onstage during day one of Tortuga Music Festival at Fort Lauderdale Beach Park on April 05, 2024 in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.  (Photo by Jason Koerner/Getty Images)Getty Images
Singer and songwriter Teddy Swims will perform at the Landmark Theatre on Tuesday as part of his “I’ve Tried Everything but Therapy” tour. Swims first gained notoriety for his YouTube cover of Shania Twain’s “You’re Still the One.” After signing to Warner Records, he dabbled in multiple genres including R&B and soul. In 2023, he released his debut album “I’ve Tried Everything but Therapy (Part 1)” which includes the VMA-nominated single “Lose Control.” 
Where: 362 S. Salina St., Syracuse.
When: Tuesday at 8 p.m. 
How Much: Tickets start at $120 and are available here. 
Discover world famous guitarist Arlen Roth at the 443 Social Club where he’ll perform on Thursday. He will play alongside his band including his singer-songwriter daughter Lexie. Roth is also known for his guitar education and is the author of several music method books. Most recently, he released a series of tribute albums to musicians like Simon & Garfunkel, Bob Dylan and The Rolling Stones. You must be 18+ to attend. 
Where: 443 Burnet Ave., Syracuse 
When: Thursday from 7 p.m. to 9 p.m. 
How Much: Tickets start at $28 and are available here. 
Join The Doobie Brothers to celebrate more than 50 years of music on Friday at the Oncenter War Memorial. Grammy winners Steve Winwood and The Robert Cray Band are the opening acts. This is the band’s second tour in 25 years following their reunion in 2023. They last played here at Syracuse’s amphitheater in 2022. A new album set to be released in spring 2025 and a documentary are also in the works.
Where: 515 Montgomery St., Syracuse.
When: Friday at 8 p.m. 
How Much: Tickets start at $50 and are available here. 
The Doobie Brothers perform at St. Joseph's Health Amphitheater in Syracuse, Sunday, June 19, 2022.Warren Linhart
Discover Syracuse’s waterfront at the 2nd annual Inner Harbor Fest on Friday and Saturday. The event is family-friendly with craft vendors, yard games and carnival rides. A dragon boat ceremony will be held on Friday along with fireworks. Teams of 10 to 20 will also compete in dragon boat racing over a 200 yard distance. Food trucks, craft beer and live music is included. The festival will benefit Clear Path for Veterans, a non-profit for veterans and their families. 
Where: 328 West Kirkpatrick St.
When: Friday from 4 to 10 p.m. and Saturday from 8 a.m. to 10 p.m. 
How Much: Free. 
Country folk singer Iris Dement will perform at the Hangar Theatre on Friday alongside opening act Ana Egge. Dement will preview her recent record “Workin’ On A World” about the pandemic, climate change and social injustice. The Grammy-nominated musician references past and present activists including Martin Luther King Jr. and pro-Palestinian Rachel Corrie. Ana Egge, dubbed “the folk Nina Simone” will perform her latest album “Sharing in the Spirit”. 
Where: 801 Taughannock Blvd., Ithaca.
When: Friday at 8 p.m. 
How Much: $45 in advance and $50 at the door. 
Participate in Oswego Music Hall’s Open Mic Friday Series with opener Jane Zell. The event is open to all ages and levels and features professional sound and stage. Cabaret seating and light refreshments will be provided. 
Where: 41 Lake St., Oswego.
When: Friday at 7 p.m. 
How Much: Admission by donation. 
The Little Utica United Methodist Church, Corporal Kyle R. Schneider Foundation and other local churches will host a raffle, bake sale and bottle drive on Friday at the Cicero American Legion’s famous fish dinner. Raffle and bake sale items are donated by local merchants, restaurants and bakeries. All proceeds will go to the Kyle R. Schneider Foundation, a non-profit formed in honor of the late Cpl. Kyle Schneider. For more information, contact the church at 315-678-2270 or info@littleuticaumc.org. 
Where: 5575 Legionnaire Dr., Cicero 
When: Noon to 8 p.m. on Friday.
How Much: Free. 
Gear up for fall at the 39th annual Central Square Apple Festival hosted by the Hastings Lions Clubs. There will be games and crafts, live entertainment, demonstrations and amusement rides for all ages. Each year, the festival attracts more than 20,000 people and a variety of vendors and performers. Area non-profits including churches and service organizations will also operate booths. Free transportation will also be provided via shuttle trams and handicapped golf carts. 
Where: 154 US Route 11, Central Square.
When: 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. on Saturday and 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. on Sunday
How Much: $5/car. 
Bags of apples for sale at the Central Square Apple Festival at the at the Brewerton Speedway.  Gary Walts | gwalts@syracuse.com SYRSYR
Join in on the fall fun at the Moore Family Farm featuring over 35 festival attractions. Explore the 5-acre corn maze, pick out the perfect pumpkin, and shoot apple cannons on Saturday and Sunday. Festival-goers can take a wagon ride, play with barnyard animals and sit at the campfire pit. This year, the festival also includes paintball (for an extra charge), a corn hole and an expanded corn crib. 
Where: 570 Auburn Rd., Groton.
When: 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. on Saturday and Sunday
How Much: $16.95 to $28.95, kids under 2 are free. Tickets are available here. 
ALS or Lou Gehrig’s Disease affects the motor neurons and slowly limits people’s ability to walk, talk, swallow and breathe. Join patients, family members and caregivers at the 2024 Walk to Defeat ALS this Saturday at Long Branch Park. Hosted by The Lowell Smith Circle of Courage, all proceeds go to patient care, advocacy and treatment research to find a cure for ALS.
Where: 3813 Long Branch Rd., Liverpool.
When: 11 a.m. on Saturday.
How Much: Register as a walker or donate here.
On Saturday, the Syracuse Orange will take on the Holy Cross Crusaders at the JMA Wireless Dome. This will be the third matchup in history between the two schools and Syracuse’s last home game before hitting the road for all of October. 
Where: 900 Irving Ave., Syracuse.
When: Saturday at noon. 
How Much: Tickets start at $38 and are available here. 
Join in on the 2000s nostalgia at Emo Nite LA at the Westcott Theater on Saturday. Vibe to your favorite emo and pop-punk artists from blink-182 to My Chemical Romance. Since the first Emo Nite in 2014, it has grown into a genre-reviving phenomenon with famous artists like Machine Gun Kelly, Post Malone and Avril Lavigne making guest appearances. 
Where: 524 Westcott St., Syracuse.
When: Saturday at 9 p.m. 
How Much: $21-$26. Tickets are available here. 
Luna Cat Cafe will host its annual Luna Con event on Saturday filled with vendors, cosplayers and panels. Local vendors include Rosaluna Designs, Crochet Buffet, and 8 Talking Kitties. Attendees can also participate in feline-themed games, quests and craft vendors. Specialty food, drinks and cafe-favorites will also be available. There will also be a mega cosplay contest with the prize to be announced. A full list of vendors can be found here. 
Where: 1001 E. Fayette St., Syracuse.
When: 1-9 p.m. on Saturday.
How Much: Free.
Reporter Samantha House meets the cats at Luna Cat Cafe on July 18, 2024.This is CNY
The World’s Largest 80s Party will be held at Middle Ages Beer Company on Saturday. Cover band M80′s will headline and perform hits by Twisted Sister, Duran Duran, Def Leopard and more. An audio and video tribute, the show will also feature MTV video hits from the 1980s. You must be 18+ to attend. 
Where: 120 Wilkinson St., Syracuse.
When: 8 to 11 p.m. on Saturday. 
How Much: $15-$20. Tickets are available here. 
Americana rock and folk duo Alice Howe & Freebo will perform at McCrobie Civic Center on Saturday presented by Oswego Music Hall. Oswego native and Berklee graduate Cam Caruso will open. Since 2017, the duo have worked as creative collaborators while also performing solo. Los Angeles-based Howe is acclaimed for her reflective songwriting and vocal prowess. Freebo is considered one of the best bassists of all time and has played alongside Ringo Starr and Neil Young. 
Where: 41 Lake St., Oswego.
When: 7:30 p.m. on Saturday. 
How Much: $17-22. Tickets are available here. 
Featuring more than 50 vendors, the Salt City Reptile Expo is the foremost reptile exhibition in Central New York. Vendors include breeders, feeders, educators and more, for reptile enthusiasts and skeptics alike. From snakes and lizards to frogs and spiders, there’s an animal for everyone. There will also be artisan booths to grab something for your scaly friend at home or reptile-themed art and accessories for yourself. No outside food or drinks are allowed. Tickets are available here. 
Where: 800 S. State St., Syracuse.
When: 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. on Sunday, VIP entry at 9 a.m. 
How Much: $10 for adults, $5 for ages 2 to 12, $7 for onsite parking
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices