Soundside Music Festival has released an update on its inaugural presentation, adding a performance from Bleachers and unveiling the complete set times for the two-day affair. Set to stage at Bridgeport, Conn.’s Seaside Park on Sept. 28 and 29, Soundside will arrive later this month as the third-annual iteration and formal revamp of C3 Presents’ beloved coastal music festival (formerly known as Sound On Sound). To make a splash for its rebranded return, the long-awaited celebration will host 20 high-profile performers from the worlds of alternative, Americana, pop, R&B, hard rock, retro soul and more, led by headliners Noah Kahan and Foo Fighters.
Today’s lineup update follows one week after the high-billed Sunday act Queens of the Stone Age withdrew from the festival and cleared the entirety of its remaining 2024 tour schedule, citing frontman Josh Homme’s need to “prioritize his health” over the band’s eight autumn engagements. Indie pop innovators Bleachers, led by the ever-advancing Jack Antonoff, join as a perfect fit for the program’s open set; after releasing its self-titled fourth studio album in March–which features guest spots from Antonoff’s collaborators and contemporaries like Lana Del Rey, Clairo, St. Vincent and Bartees Strange–the band has been riding a high of critical and commercial success through the summer.
The full festival schedules that accompany the late-stage artist announcement plot Soundside’s 20 acts in sequence, with each day’s performances kicking off at noon and running through the headline sets at 8:50 and 8:25 on Saturday and Sunday. Early sets include Rijah, Hurray for the Riff Raff, The War and Treaty, Christone “Kingfish” Ingram, Thee Sacred Souls and Gregory Alan Isakov; shows in the later afternoon and evening will come from Boyz II Men, Norah Jones, Grace Potter, Fleet Foxes, Teddy Swims, Goo Goo Dolls, Bleachers and the headliners.
Tickets for Soundside Music Festival are available now. Read on for the complete daily schedules.
A post shared by Soundside Music Festival (@soundsidefest)
Watch: Phish Become ‘Seinfeld’ Cast in New ‘Everybody’s Live with John Mulaney’ Sketch
Billy Strings Performs for Kids at Michigan’s Helen DeVos Children’s Hospital
H.O.R.D.E. Core: Phish, Blues Traveler, Widespread Panic & Aquarium Rescue Unit Revisit the Touring Festival
Listen: Bruce Springsteen Previews Unreleased Film Soundtrack ‘Faithless,’ from ‘Tracks II: The Lost Albums’
Daze Between New Orleans Day Two: Odes to The Allman Brothers Band, Meters and More
Listen: Van Morrison Shares “Cutting Corners,” Second Preview Single from ‘Remembering Now’
Listen: Warren Haynes Unveils Four ‘Million Voices Whisper’ Bonus Tracks, Including Classic Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young Cover
Copyright © Relix Media Group LLC.
All Rights Reserved.

Oniracom

1 Year. 8 Issues. Only $24.95