In just one week Reading Festival will welcome thousands of fans in a celebration of live music with an era-defining line-up. 


  The six stellar headliners topping the bill are Fred again… Lana Del Rey and Brit-pop icon Liam Gallagher will mark the 30th anniversary of Oasis’ all-conquering debut Definitely Maybe by performing the album in full at Reading & Leeds.


  Catfish and the Bottlemen will be making their highly anticipated return and the original members of Blink-182, one the world’s biggest rock bands, will join forces, plus the UK’s biggest independent artist Gerry Cinnamon who has enjoyed one of contemporary music’s most extraordinary ascents to stardom.


  2024 will also welcome two brand-new stages, The Chevron, featuring the world’s first floating video canopy, and The Aux stage.


  Also performing are BRIT awards record breaker RAYE, London-born hip-hop star 21 Savage, UK R&B icon Jorja Smith and Pendulum, one of the biggest electronic rock crossover bands of all time.


  Rock and indie acts announced include Ireland’s most intoxicating post-punk group Fontaines D.C., indie trailblazers Two Door Cinema Club, fan favourites The Wombats and Wrexham’s finest pop-punk heroes, Neck Deep. Coming from across the pond are Bleachers led by Lana Del Rey collaborator Jack Antonoff, plus alternative indie pop talents Rachel Chinouriri, and the genre blending Hak Baker.


  A cohort of some of Gen Z’s leading talents will be at Reading & Leeds, such as pop icon in-the-making and star of the new ‘Mean Girls: The Musical’ Reneé Rapp, guitar-pop hero Beabadoobee, alt hit maker Ashnikko and winners of the BBC Sound of Poll 2024, The Last Dinner Party, who have been taking the world by storm with their distinct indie sound.


  Also, ready to take to the Reading & Leeds stages is BRIT Award-winning R&B group FLO, soulful singer taking the world by storm Teddy Swims, political punk upstarts Kid Kapichi, indie pop darling The Japanese House, joyous dance pop act Confidence Man and bassline innovator Bru-C.


  Continuing its constant evolution, 2024 will see the spectacular debut of a ground-breaking new stage: The Chevron, which will feature iconic artists, The Prodigy, Sonny Fodera, Skrillex, Nia Archives, Barry Can’t Swim, Denzel Curry, Bou, Kenya Grace and many more.


  Positioned in the main arena of both festival sites, The Chevron is an immense 40,000-capacity open-air venue featuring mammoth staging and the world’s first floating video canopy made up of hundreds of thousands of programmable LED lights.


  The new stage will also host the world’s biggest silent rave where fans can secure their tickets and headsets for £15 plus a refundable £20 deposit. 


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                

                            Last Updated: 

Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.