SEVENTEEN, Linkin Park, Jelly Roll and Stray Kids are just a few of the names taking the stage this year.

													By
												

	Hannah Dailey


	The 2024 Billboard Music Awards are right on the horizon, with several of music’s biggest names set to perform some of the year’s most essential hits at the ceremony taking place Thursday (Dec. 12).

	The latest act to be added to the lineup is Linkin Park, with the band’s recently announced performance at the BBMAs serving as a fitting cap to an explosive year for the group. As documented in a September Billboard cover story by executive director of music Jason Lipshutz, the surviving members finally made their musical return in 2024 with the addition of vocalist Emily Armstrong and drummer Colin Brittain, dropping a new album, From Zero, in November.

	










	Also on the docket are Fuerzo Regida; Tyla; Teddy Swims; K-pop phenoms Stray Kids and SEVENTEEN; and country stars Shaboozey, Jelly Roll and Megan Moroney. All of those names have made strides on the Billboard charts in 2024, from ‘Boozey’s record-tying 19-week reign at No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 with “A Bar Song (Tipsy)” to the “Chk Chk Boom” unit becoming the first group to debut at No. 1 on the Billboard 200 with its first five charting albums in August.




			Trending on Billboard		






	Hosted by Michelle Buteau, the 2024 BBMAs will air 8 p.m. ET/PT on Fox and Fire TV channels, and on-demand on Paramount+. Performances are available to watch back as they’re uploaded on Billboard.com and via @BBMAs and @Billboard social channels. Zach Bryan, Taylor Swift, Morgan Wallen and Sabrina Carpenter are the leading finalists for awards.

	The Billboard Music Awards are produced by Dick Clark Productions, which is owned by Penske Media Corporation. PMC is also the parent company of Billboard.

	Which artist are you most excited to see perform at the BBMAs this year? Cast your vote below.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.