By
Em Casalena
Updated: 
Austin City Limits Music Festival is back in action and slated to begin this October. And the headliners are really something else. Chris Stapleton, Sturgill Simpson, Leon Bridges, Dua Lipa, Tyler, The Creator, Blink-182, Pretty Lights, and Khruangbin are set to headline the massive music festival. 
There is going to be an insane number of additional musical acts as well, including the likes of Renee Rapp, Foster The People, Kehlani, Teddy Swims, Jungle, Chappell Roan, The Red Clay Strays, Orville Peck, Vince Staples, Something Corporate, and dozens more. There’s clearly a reason why Austin City Limits spans six different festival dates across two weekends! There really is going to be something for everyone at the Texas music festival this year.
Austin City Limits Music Festival 2024 will begin on Friday, October 4 in Austin, Texas at Zilker Park. The fest will end after six dates on Sunday, October 13.
A post shared by ACL Festival (@aclfestival)
If you want to get tickets to Austin City Limits Music Festival, you have two main options.
Currently, only three-day passes are available via Austin City Limits’ website. There, you can get three-day tickets for general admission, GA+, VIP, Platinum, Bungalows, Cabanas, Y’All Access, and more. Hotel packages are also available, as well as layaway plans.
If tickets sell out on the main site before you can get yours, take a look at what’s available over at Stubhub. You might just get lucky and snag a last-minute pass, and your purchase will be protected from fraud via the FanProtect Program. It’s worth a shot if you can’t find passes elsewhere!
Get your tickets now! This is going to be a very, very packed music festival!
Friday, October 4 – Austin, TX – Zilker Park
Saturday, October 5 – Austin, TX – Zilker Park
Sunday, October 6 – Austin, TX – Zilker Park
Friday, October 11 – Austin, TX – Zilker Park
Saturday, October 12 – Austin, TX – Zilker Park
Sunday, October 13 – Austin, TX – Zilker Park
Photo by Terry Wyatt
When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission.
Only members can comment. Become a member. Already a member? Log in.
3 Live Classic Rock Songs Where the Audience Takes Over the Singing
Before the Fame, Eddie Van Halen Experienced and Overcame a “Horrifying Racist Environment”
3 One-Hit Wonder Novelty Songs From the 50s and 60s That You Know by Heart

			© 2025 American Songwriter			American Songwriter: a Savage Ventures Brand