“Mother nature has played her part”
After today’s rocky start due to Storm Lilian, Leeds Festival 2024 organisers have confirmed that the BBC Radio 1 and Aux stages will not be used for the entire festival weekend.
On social media today (August 23), the festival broke the unfortunate news to fans. “The health and safety team have now confirmed we will not be able [to] use the BBC Radio 1 tent & stage tomorrow or Sunday,” they write.
“We are devastated for you and of course the artists that were eager to play. That is the same for the Aux stage too. Mother nature has played her part.”
They assure attendees that they are “reasonably sure” the Chevron stage, which was shut today out of safety concerns, will be back in action tomorrow with an opening set by podcasters The Useless Hotline, who were originally scheduled for the Aux stage.
Among the acts scheduled for the BBC Radio 1 stage on Saturday and Sunday in Leeds include Jorja Smith, Confidence Man, Teddy Swims, Flo, The Wombats, and Overmono. It is not yet confirmed if these acts have cancelled their sets, or will be rescheduled to perform on other stages.
IMPORTANT UPDATE – LEEDS ⚠️
Unfortunately the health and safety team have now confirmed we will not be able use the BBC Radio 1 tent & stage tomorrow or Sunday. We are devastated for you and of course the artists that were eager to play.
That is the same for the Aux stage too.…
— Reading & Leeds Fest (@OfficialRandL) August 23, 2024
On the other hand, artists due to perform on Leeds Festival‘s BBC Radio 1 and Aux Stages today responded to their set cancellations due to the effects of Storm Lilian.
Beabadoobee, who was set to headline the BBC Radio 1 Stage tonight told fans on Twitter/X that the cancellations were “so sad”.
“I had a whole outfit planned,” the singer, who recently released her third LP ‘This Is How Tomorrow Moves’, wrote, “Well I’ll see u guys at reading!!! I’ll b back in leeds soon I hope sorry about this guys I love you !!!!.”
Alfie Templeman also said he was “really gutted” to have his performance cancelled. “I’m so so sorry to anyone that wanted to catch our set today,” he said. “Leeds we’ll make it up to you as soon as possible, so so much love to you all.”
Earlier today, the festival announced the closures, saying there was an end in sight to the high winds, but that they wouldn’t be opening the area until 11am.
They continued the statement on Twitter/X saying: “However, we have definitely lost the BBC Radio 1 stage today, and there will be no performances on it,” they continued. “We have also lost the Aux stage today, and there will be no performances on it.”
“We remain hopeful that everything else will continue as planned and that we will still have an amazing weekend. Please await further information.”
Reading & Leeds Festivals 2024 kick off today (August 23) at their usual sites of Richfield Avenue (Reading) and Bramham Park (Leeds) – see here for how you can follow along at home on BBC iPlayer and elsewhere if you were not able to secure a ticket.
The festival boasts Fred Again.., Lana Del Rey, Liam Gallagher, Catfish And The Bottlemen, Blink-182 and Gerry Cinnamon as its six headliners this year.
Raye, Spiritbox, Fontaines D.C., Reneé Rapp, Pendulum, Denzel Curry, Kenny Beats, Nia Archives, Two Door Cinema Club, Neck Deep, The Wombats, Rachel Chinouriri, Hak Baker, The Last Dinner Party and more are also expected to play.
Check back at NME here for the latest news, reviews, interviews, photos and more from Reading and Leeds 2024.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.