You don't have to miss a thing -- there are still tour dates remaining and you can find out where to buy tickets here.

													By
												

	Rylee Johnston


	All products and services featured are independently chosen by editors. However, Billboard may receive a commission on orders placed through its retail links, and the retailer may receive certain auditable data for accounting purposes.

	Aerosmith is ready to come together with fans for the rescheduled dates of their Peace Out farewell tour.  The band originally had to cancel tour dates when Steven Tyler announced a vocal chord injury, but starting Sept. 2024 until Feb. 2025, the rockstars will head back on the road and travel to cities across North America. Select dates will also include special guests like The Black Crowes and Teddy Swims.





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					This $18 Fridge Magnet Can Be Personalized With Your Favorite Song (And Actually Play It)		
	



	05/02/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	





		Explore	

















	
		
					Aerosmith		
					


See latest videos, charts and news



See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

Tickets initially went on sale through Ticketmaster and you may still be able to buy tickets from the official distributer. In case you can’t find the seats or the view you want though, there are cheap ticket sites available including resale options like StubHub, Vivid Seats, Seat Geek and Ticketsmarter.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	If you want to hear hits like “Walk This Way,” “I Don’t Want to Miss a Thing,” “Dream On” and “Sweet Emotion,” keep reading to learn more about where to buy Aerosmith tickets. 

	The Peace Out Farewell tour is slated to be the last tour by Aerosmith as of now. Originally, the tour was slated to begin Sept. 3, 2023, and go on for more than 40 concerts, but after Tyler sustained an injury to his vocal chords during the third show in, the band had to postpone their tour dates.

Ticketmaster still has tickets available for their 2024 tour, which you can buy starting at $57. If your desired section or number of tickets wanted aren’t available, you can check out resale ticket sellers for more options below

StubHub is offering Aerosmith tickets for as low as $58 (at the time of this writing). You can choose tickets based on the number you need, price and section of the venue. Each ticket purchase also comes with a FanProtect Guarantee that ensures you receive valid tickets in time for the event. If an issue occurs with your order, you’ll get comparable, better tickets, or your money back.

	Another affordable option is Vivid Seats, which offers Aerosmith concert tickets from $53. To help you find the best options, the site allows you to sort tickets by price or seating area in the arena. And if you’re looking for additional savings, you can get $20 off orders of $200+ when you use the code BB2024 at checkout. Students can score 10% off orders of $25+ when you verify your student status here. Purchases are also protected through Vivid Seats’ 100% Buyer Guarantee, which you can learn more about here.

	










Seat Geek is providing tickets starting at $63 with deals rated on a scale of 1-10 to make sure you score the best discount. Tickets that are labeled a 10 are considered the best deal, and one-rated tickets are the worst. You can customize your options by including fees with ticket prices and even sign up to get notified if ticket prices drop. A bonus offer: use code BILLBOARD10 to save $10 off your ticket purchases of $250+ (offer valid on first purchases only) at SeatGeek.com.

	You can score Aerosmith tour tickets for as low as $50.92 through TicketSmarter. You can choose tickets based on venue level as well as cost. Plus, your purchase is covered by the site’s 100% Guarantee, which means you’ll receive a refund if your event is canceled and not rescheduled, tickets weren’t valid or delivered in time for the event.

	Below are the remaining Aerosmith tour dates to help you plan out where you see the band live.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.