Sponsored By
ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT
WEST FARGO — While the future of Epic Companies is in question, the concerts booked by Epic Events at The Lights will continue.
“Everything will go on as planned,” Mike Amundson, executive director of West Fargo Events, said Friday, May 31.
ADVERTISEMENT
West Fargo Events is a nonprofit which works on behalf of the city to manage and program usage for its spaces.
Amundson said that Essentia Health Plaza at The Lights, where five concerts are booked through Sept. 13, is owned by the city and managed by West Fargo Events.
While the events were booked by Epic Events, a promotion wing of Epic Companies, the artists have been paid, the contracts have been signed, and the shows will go on.
The promoter will rent Essentia Health Plaza from the city for the concert dates.
“I’ve been telling ticket buyers the shows are prepaid,” Amundson said, adding an outside party may act as promoter. “With or without Epic Events, the concerts will go on as planned.”
A phone message left for Epic Events’ Vice President Lance Johnson was not returned as of this writing.
The shows are country singer 
    
      Jon Pardi on June 14
    
      , Minnesota-rooted rock acts 
    
      Soul Asylum and Gear Daddies on June 15
    
      , country duo 
    
      Brothers Osborne
    
       on July 25, rapper Ice Cube on Aug. 30 and singer 
    
      Teddy Swims
    
       on Sept. 13. All of these concerts are ticketed through Ticketmaster.
ADVERTISEMENT
The Jon Pardi and Teddy Swims shows are sold out, though resale tickets are available through Ticketmaster.
The only other event listed on the Epic Events site is Norsk Høstfest slated for Wednesday, Sept. 25, through Saturday, Sept. 28, in Minot, North Dakota. Epic Events had run the annual celebration of Scandinavian culture the last two years, but on Tuesday, May 29, the Norsk Høstfest board of directors announced it was assuming control of the event which draws in about 25,000 people.
The most recent Epic Events show booked, Teddy Swims, was announced on April 23.
Less than a month later word started spreading that Epic Companies started laying off employees and some contractors on the company’s projects hadn't been paid.
At the time, Brandon Bochenski, mayor of Grand Forks, told WDAY that he’d heard of trouble in the company, which was working on that city’s project, The Beacon, a multi-purpose complex similar to West Fargo’s The Lights.
“We understand they’re having some financial issues, but you know, we’re waiting to hear where that lands,” Bochenski said.
On Tuesday, May 28, Collective, a Fargo-based property management company, announced that it was taking over management of The Firm, Sheyenne Plaza and Pioneer Place buildings in West Fargo from Epic.
ADVERTISEMENT
Other West Fargo Events will also go on as planned, including Chutes & Boots Pro Bull Riding on Friday, May 31, and Saturday, June 1, at Essentia Health Plaza at The Lights. Upcoming events there also include Movie Mondays, Yoga on the Lawn, Summer Splash and a three-week run of the musical “Cats” starting on June 30.
“We do 220 events a year and the plan is that all of them will go on going forward,” Amundson said. “We are not affected.”
Editor's note: This story has been updated to reflect that Essentia Health Plaza at the Lights is owned by West Fargo and managed by West Fargo Events.
ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT