American artist Teddy Swims has surprised commuters at Reading train station with an acoustic performance ahead of his Reading Festival appearance. 


  Best known for the breakout success of his 2023 hit single ‘Lose Control,’ Teddy Swims took to a piano at the station to perform his hit song as well as 'The Door' and 'Funeral'.


  The performance was put on by Rockstar Energy Drink, which is sponsoring this year's festival. 


  Expressing his enthusiasm, Teddy Swims said: “I loved getting to partner up with Rockstar Energy Drink to give everyone going to the festival a little surprise at the train station – it’s always such an honour and so humbling to see the different walks of life that come together to listen to music.


  "I love y’all and thank you for letting me do the best job in the entire world.


  "See you all there this weekend!"


  Originally from Atlanta, Georgia USA, Teddy Swims - born Jaten Dimsdale -  released his debut studio album, I’ve Tried Everything But Therapy (Part 1), in 2019. 


  The 31-year-old Georgia-born artist has spent much of the last four years writing his new album. 


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.