“American Idol,” the iconic series that revolutionized the television landscape by pioneering the music competition genre, will return to airwaves for another season on ABC. Helping determine who America will ultimately vote for to become the next singing sensation are music industry forces and superstar judges Luke Bryan, Katy Perry and Lionel Richie. Emmy Award-winning host and producer Ryan Seacrest is also set to return to the beloved competition series for the show’s seventh season on ABC and 22nd overall.
Tonight we embark on a nationwide search across Los Angeles, Nashville, and the judges’ very own hometowns to find the next singing sensation. The aspiring stars will sing their hearts out in hopes of earning a golden ticket to Hollywood. Will the next American Idol be among tonight's auditions? Read our full recap of the Season 22 premiere, airing February 18 (8:00 - 10:00 p.m. ET/PT on ABC), below.
SEE 'American Idol' shakeup: Katy Perry leaving after 7 seasons
8:00 p.m. -- Previously on "American Idol"! Hawaiian crooner Iam Tongi became the 21st winner in franchise history when he defeated Megan Danielle and Colin Stough in last year's finale. His debut single "I'll Be Seeing You" peaked at #3 on Billboard's digital songs sales chart. But enough about last year, let's find America's next singing superstar!
8:10 p.m. -- As the show begins we see the judges discuss their excitement over holding auditions in their hometowns: Santa Barbara, California (Katy), Leesburg, Georgia (Luke) and and Tuskegee, Alabama (Lionel). Our very first audition is Mackenzie Sol, a Las Vegas resident who ventured over from Newcastle, a small town in England. The 23-year social media personality old grew up in a musical family and both his parents are singers as well. He's singing "Bring it On Home to Me" by Sam Cooke. The British blonde has a surprisingly soulful voice that brings a smile to the judges' faces. By the end of his performance, they're on their feet. Lionel enjoys Mackenzie's "whole demeanor." Luke thinks he has the "stardust personality" and "vocal skills." Katy calls him a "character" with soul. She even goes as far as to say Mackenzie could be in this year's Top 10! Next, the aspiring singer is surprised with an appearance from his mother, Nicki, as the judges hand him the first golden ticket to Hollywood.
8:20 p.m. -- Next up is Triston Harper from McIntosh, Alabama. The 15-year old country singer says he's been through a lot in life, and his intro package describes his proud heritage as a Choctaw Indian. Things haven't been easy for the youngster, and at one point he and his mother were homeless after escaping the control of his abusive stepfather. Triston is singing "Cover Me Up" by Jason Isbell. His low, husky voice has a surprising range and the judges look impressed. Lionel says, "You got it!" and his purity is "killer." Katy calls him "so authentic and so connected to yourself." Luke would love an afternoon to coach Triston on a few hiccups, but sees a ton of potential. That said, Triston gets a "yes" from all three judges, and he's headed to Hollywood!
8:30 p.m. -- After the commercials we see a slew of edited-down golden ticket performances, including Alto Moon, a 27-year old Atlanta native. Then we slow things down with another audition from Kennedy Reid, a 23-year old mortician from New Albany, Indiana. She was originally planning on being a cosmetologist before she found her love for mortuary science. Still, her dream is to become a full-time singer. For Kennedy's audition she sings "River Deep Mountain High" by Tina Turner. She doesn't quite have the grit to pull this song off, and I can't help but wonder if she'd be more suited for a country song. Katy screams, "Wake us up!" and "Walk around, you're still living!" as Kennedy sings. By the end, Katy's on her feet applauding. Next, Luke ends up in an impromptu country duet with the singer. Luke called Kennedy's audition "a little to pageanty." Lionel agrees with me, saying she just sang the wrong song, but answered all his questions when she sang with Luke. Katy says Kennedy has a great voice and wants to "throw her in." Despite a "no" from Luke, Lionel and Katy send Kennedy to Hollywood.
8:45 p.m. -- Down in Luke's hometown of Leesburg, the first audition is Meggie Iyer, an 18-year old college student from Carmel, Indiana, singing "I Can't Make You Love Me" by Bonnie Raitt. She has a pretty voice, but this is probably the most forgettable audition so far. Still, she's overflowing with potential and part of my disconnect may just be the lack of an emotional backstory the others had. Katy thinks she's Top 10 and Lionel says her vocal choices "are amazing." Meggie is going to Hollywood!
9:00 p.m. -- After some scary wind storms, Sariah, a 23-year old from Verona, Missouri comes in singing "Over the Rainbow" by Judy Garland. It's gonna be a "NO" for her, but let's see what's next. Enter Ajii, a 27-year old nursing home security guard from Brooklyn, New York. The son of Pakistani immigrants, he hopes to make them proud with his audition of "Lose Control" by Teddy Swims. As soon as he begins to belt out the song with that husky, powerful voice, Lionel claps and says, "I love it." Katy says he's a "diamond in the rough" and the reason they do this show. Luke says Ajii sings "like it's all on the line." He's heading to Hollywood!
9:10 p.m. -- Back down in Tuskegee, Lionel takes Luke and Katy to his childhood home, which he still owns! It's a cool piece of history and we even see a rare clip of Lionel singing "Three Times a Lady" to his grandmother in 1986. Moving on to Nashville, it's time for another audition. Blake Proehl is a 24-year old from Charlotte, North Carolina. A former Minnesota Vikings player in the NFL, Blake is now pursuing his dream of music after injuries ended his football career. Blake sits down at the piano and sings "In Case You Didn't Know" by Brett Young and instantly gives Katy goosebumps. What a tone! Katy says Blake will be in the Top 10. Luke calls his performance "innocent" and "vulnerable." Lionel calls him a natural. Blake gets a big YES to Hollywood. Once Blake leaves the room, Katy goes a step further stating, "He could win it!"
9:20 p.m. -- Micaela McCall is a 28-year old voice and piano teacher from Santa Barbara who is putting her unique spin on "Signed, Sealed, Delivered" by Stevie Wonder. She's turned it into a ballad with her pure, piercing tone. The rendition has brought Katy to tears! Katy applauds her for delivering the song in a way she's never heard before. Luke doesn't know why she isn't already a massive success. Well, she's about to get her big shot now because Micaela is heading to Hollywood!
9:35 p.m. -- Next up is Odell Bunton Jr., a 28-year old Austin, Texas native who currently resides in Dallas. The security guard started his singing career in church and knew by age 13 this was all he wanted to do. At age 17 he became a young father and has since had four more children. Odell, his wife and their five children currently live in a hotel and he's determined to make their future better. He's singing "Bring it On Home to Me" by Sam Cooke. As expected, he takes this song to church and the judges are impressed. Katy thinks he's the best soul singer they have this season. Luke wrote down "incredible" on his notepad and says he had chills all over his body. Next, Luke reminds him that Jelly Roll just won Best New Artist at the CMAs at age 39, so it's never too late to pursue your dreams. Odell's dream will continue in Hollywood! But there's a twist! After Odell had gone home, he appeared on a local news station in Dallas, where the judges surprised him with Season 22's first Platinum ticket, which will allow him to skip the first round of Hollywood Week.
9:45 p.m. -- Jack Blocker is a 25-year old graphic designer from Dallas who currently lives in Nashville. Today he'll audition with an original composition called "I Was Wrong." Luke appears to love this guy, but Katy and Lionel look skeptical. I think he sounds great, so I'm not sure what their critiques are. I guess we'll find out! Katy says his voice is nice, but he has bad delivery. She tells him he needs to "relax" more -- he does have some odd facial expressions while he sings. Lionel doesn't think he stands up to the competition. Luke argues, what would Paul Simon's audition look like? "A lot like this" he says. Despite Luke's endorsement, Lionel and Katy say "No," sending Jack on his way. Luke is floored. He begs everyone to bring Jack back, asking who in the crew was impressed by the singer. After a straw poll, Lionel agrees to bring Jack back and they give him a ticket to Hollywood!
10:00 p.m. -- Last up tonight is McKenna Breinholt, a 25-year medical assistant from Gilbert, Arizona. McKenna explains to the judges she was adopted. "Her name was Amy Ross Lopez," she says of her birth mother. "She was a musician and she had passed away. I just wanted to know where I came from." The aspiring pop star then explained she came into contact with her entire birth family this past summer. To her surprise, they all sing! With that backstory explained, McKenna auditions with "There Was Jesus" by Zach Bryan and Dolly Parton. Following the audition, McKenna's birth family surprises her in a tearful moment. It then comes as no surprise when all three judges give McKenna a golden ticket to Hollywood, finishing up the first week of auditions.
SIGN UP for Gold Derby’s free newsletter with latest predictions
Make your predictions at Gold Derby now. Download our free and easy app for Apple/iPhone devices or Android (Google Play) to compete against legions of other fans plus our experts and editors for best prediction accuracy scores. See our latest prediction champs. Can you top our esteemed leaderboards next? Always remember to keep your predictions updated because they impact our latest racetrack odds, which terrify Hollywood chiefs and stars. Don't miss the fun. Speak up and share your huffy opinions in our famous forums where 5,000 showbiz leaders lurk every day to track latest awards buzz. Everybody wants to know: What do you think? Who do you predict and why?
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…
Take a trip back to the Academy Awards ceremonies of the recent past with Gold Derby’s Oscars Playback series. Hosts Joyce Eng and Christopher Rosen recap every Oscar ceremony of the 1990s and 2000s. Joyce and Chris tackle the highs and lows of each show and see how the winners aged. It’s a wonderful night for Oscar, whenever you watch!

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media