Gemma Atkinson was quickly told to 'stop it' as she was flooded with compliments over her latest appearance. The Hits Radio host was on stage on Saturday night (November 23) as the host of the radio station's Hits Radio Live sold-out gig at Co-op Live Arena.
The big night of music saw Perrie, Jax Jones, Cian Ducrot, Rita Ora, Clean Bandit, KSI, Teddy Swims and Tom Grennan all take to the stage after a previous show the night before (Friday, November 22) at Birmingham's bp pulse LIVE arena saw more musical guests performing for fans.
Taking to Instagram, Gemma shared a string of snaps of her look for the evening ahead of taking to the stage with her Hits Radio co-star Fleur East.
READ MORE: BBC Strictly Come Dancing viewers issue same JB Gill and Lauren Oakley complaint as Amy Dowden supports them
The Bury-born star looked sensational as she slipped into a pair of beige leather-look trousers which she paired with a velour high-neck bodysuit. Her blonde locks had been curled and pulled up into a half-up half-down style before she accessorised with peices of gold jewellery.
Captioning the post, Gemma, 40, wrote: "Night 2 hosting Hits Radio Live in Manchester. Styling @ryankaystyles. Glam @thembithems." And the compliments quickly came flooding in.
Her Strictly Come Dancing star fiance Gorka Marquez said: "Okey mamasita." Strictly It Takes Two host Janette Manrara wrote: "I mean….." before adding a flame emoji. Emmerdale star Michelle Hardwick also replied: "Stunning," while Amy Walsh shared: "Ok this is ridiculous." Former Hollyoaks actress Claire Cooper added: "Oh hi," with a love heart eyes emojis.
Gemma's friends and followers were also rushing to respond to the post. @clarabelle001 said: "Ok this outfit is a slay! Stun!" @mentalmia72 commented: "Simply stunning! 40 looks fab on you." @nickykillick shared: "Wow. You look amazing." @debsydo added: "You are absolute perfection in every way."
After her sensational appearance on stage at Co-op Live, Gemma headed back to her Greater Manchester home where she was able to check in with Strictly. Commenting on a video of Tasha Ghouri and Aljaz Skorjanec's performance, the mum-of-two said: "Wow!!!!"
Tasha also shared a picture of herself and Aljaz as she reflected on receiving the first perfect score of the series with their American Smooth, saying: "40!!! I have no words right now.. I just feel so so grateful and honoured. Thank you all for your lovely messages and love! that was for Lyra @aljazskorjanec."
Gemma was quick to respond, having been partnered with Aljaz during her time on the show in 2017, and gushed: "Just caught up on this dance as Gorka said, 'You have to see it'. Wow! It was incredible and you looked so beautiful. Amazing!" Tasha then replied: "thank You beautiful."
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.