The Offspring, who have sold more than 40 million records worldwide, will perform at Avondale Brewing Company in Birmingham in 2024.
“BIRMINGHAM! We’re coming to Avondale Brewing Company on May 7!” the band posted on its official Facebook page on Tuesday.
The band will perform on Tuesday, May 7, at 7:30 p.m.
Tickets go on sale to the public Friday, Feb. 23, at 10 a.m. Live Nation and Ticketmaster presales begin at 10 a.m. on Wednesday, Feb. 21 (ending at 10 p.m. on Thursday, Feb. 22). Venue presale begins at 10 a.m. on Thursday, Feb. 22, and ends at 10 p.m. that night.
You can purchase tickets via Ticketmaster.
The Offspring will perform several international dates in March before starting a U.S. leg on April 26 in Phoenix. They’ll hit Atlanta for the Shaky Knees Festival in Central Park on May 4 and then play Hard Rock Event Center in Tampa on May 5 before they roll up to Birmingham two days later.
The Offspring adds to an already impressive and growing 2024 calendar for Avondale Brewing that also includes Nerves Baddington (Feb. 23), Teddy Swims (April 1), Brothers Osborne (April 12), Ween (April 21), Jon Batiste (April 29), Blackberry Smoke (May 3), North Mississippi Allstars (May 9), T-Pain (June 30), Primus (Aug. 18) and others.
Fronted by lead vocalist and rhythm guitarist Bryan “Dexter” Holland, the group is also comprised of lead guitarist Kevin “Noodles” Wasserman, bassist Todd Morse, instrumentalist Jonah Nimoy and drummer Brandon Pertzborn.
They founded the punk rock band in Garden Grove, Ca., in 1984 and earned widespread acclaim and popularity with the 1994 release of the album “Smash,” featuring hit singles like “Come Out and Play” and “Self Esteem.” It peaked at fourth on the US Billboard 200, selling more than 11 million copies, their best-selling record to date.
Their fifth album, “Americana,” released in 1998, featured hits like “Pretty Fly (For a White Guy),” “The Kids Aren’t All Right,” “She’s Got Issues” and “Why Don’t You Get a Job?” It sold more than 10 million copies worldwide and debuted at No. 6 on the US Billboard 200.
They have 10 total full-length albums, their most recent being the 2021 release “Let the Bad Times Roll.”
Their music has also appeared in several movies including “Batman Forever,” “I Know What You Did Last Summer,” “Varsity Blues,” “American Pie 2″ and “Bowling for Columbine” and television shows like “King of the Hill” and “The Cleveland Show.” Weird Al Yankovic even honored the band with a parody of “Pretty Fly (For a White Guy)” with his song “Pretty Fly for a Rabbi.”
They have sold more than 40 million records worldwide, making them one of the most popular rock bands of all time.
Days ago, the band also announced they will take over the Punk Rock Museum in Las Vegas April 12-14 to celebrate the 30th anniversary of “Smash,” even including an acoustic performance, a Q&A session and more.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices