Summer Walker walked the VMAs black carpet in a form-fitted, cheetah-print mini dress as she posed for photos with a bright red, lips-shaped handbag in one hand and a toy cigarette in the other. Tonight, the R&B goddess is nominated for Best R&B for her collaboration with Usher and 21 Savage, “Good Good.”
It looks like shades are in. Lenny Kravitz dressed in his signature, ultra-tight pants, and a matching leather jacket over his shirtless torso. He only adorned his chest with a floating tie. Tonight, he’s set to perform, and he’s also nominated for Best Rock for his song “Human.”
Bow down for the queen of K-pop: Lisa. Lisa arrived in a gorgeous, nude-toned bodice gown with a matching hood and sleeves and golden Bulgari Serpenti necklace. The Blackpink star is set to perform tonight, and her single “Rockstar” is up for four awards, including Best K-Pop and Best Editing.
All hail the Rolling Stone cover star: Chappell Roan. The “Red Wine Supernova” musician channeled her inner Legend of Zelda by posing on the red carpet in a medieval-style, see-through dress and metallic, armor-like boots. She also channeled her inner warrior telling a photographer to back off. “You shut the fuck up!” she yelled. “Not me, bitch!” Along with performing tonight, Roan is nominated for Best New Artist and Push Performance of the Year.
Rauw Alejandro looks handsome in anything he wears. On Wednesday, the Puerto Rican superstar, who’s set to perform, walked the red carpet dressed in an all-black suit and tie, paired with shades and his hair slicked back. The reggaetonero’s song “Touching the Sky” is nominated for Best Latin, Best Choreography, and Best Cinematography.
The slick black suits (and matching shades) seem to be a trend tonight at the 2024 VMAs. Rapper Quavo walked the red carpet rocking a shimmery black suit, and shiny silver chain and rings that matched his sparkling grills.
The princess of Mexican pop has arrived. Danna stunned on the red carpet in a slick, black bodice top over a tight, sheer dress with a mustard-yellow coat draped over it. The singer-actress has lots to celebrate: Earlier today, she announced a one-night-only show in Los Angeles this December.
Karol G is fresh off the Mañana Será Bonito tour and bringing the heat in a dress inspired by how the “Latina community is about fire.” Karol will perform her merengue track “Si Antes Te Hubiera Conocido” on the main stage during the show. “I miss my fans so tonight, I’m really nervous,” Karol said on the carpet. “It’s a Latino party tonight.” Karol is up for Best Latin for “Mi Ex Tenía Razón.”
Country music is in the building! Shaboozey was all smiles as he pulled up to the red carpet with some high-waisted denim pants and an elevated, Western-inspired white dress shirt with sequin stripes. He’s one of the nominees for Best New Artist, and his track “A Bar Song (Tipsy)” is up for Song of the Summer.
With that veil and that gorgeous white dress, Anitta is giving big wedding energy. “It’s a little spoiler of something, but I can’t say much,” Anitta said of her outfit. “I’m kinda manifesting to the world to see if something happens.” The funk queen is nominated for a pair of songs in the Best Latin category, and her song “Mil Veces” is up for Best Editing. 
It’s date night in New York for Miranda Lambert and Brendan McLoughlin. The country queen and her husband, a former NYPD officer, walked the red carpet hand-in-hand. Lambert wore a bejeweled black top, showing off a little cleavage, while McLoughlin kept it chill with a black Tom Ford suit.
Your favorite drag queen’s favorite drag queen has arrived! Sasha Colby, the Miss Continental and RuPaul’s Drag Race winner, served on the carpet in a see-through black dress with her red hair swept up in a campy, gift-ribbon-like style. She’ll be presenting a performer tonight — and we hope it’s Chappell Roan, who’s described Colby as a massive inspiration.
It’s been a Short n’ Sweet summer for Sabrina Carpenter! The pop star, who’s had a massive year, strutted the carpet in a silver Bob Mackie dress originally worn by Madonna at the 1991 Academy Awards. She even rocked a similar Old Hollywood hairstyle to the pop icon. Carpenter is performing and nominated for Artist of the Year, Best Pop, and Song of the Year for “Espresso.”
Halsey sure got “Lucky” with her VMA outfit tonight. The pop star said it was a ”miracle to find” the black-and-red dress designed by Gianni Versace in 1996. It’s the first time the dress has been worn since then. “I’m living it up. I’m loving it,” Halsey said. Halsey will perform their song “Ego” for the first time. “It’s been a really long time,” they said of returning to the stage. “It feels more chaotic than ever.”
Addison Rae channeled Madonna as she walked the red carpet in a Miss Claire Sullivan two-piece lingerie look paired with a tutu. “It’s a little custom moment,” Rae said. The influencer-turned-singer, who’s set to present tonight at the VMAs, teased that she’s been working on new music and writing in the studio.
Katy Perry took the carpet all oiled up and draped in a deconstructed, postapocalyptic look, with a futuristic accessory on her arm reminiscent of her “Woman’s World” aesthetic.  “I look better now than I have any other time,” she said. “I’m feeling very connected to the ‘feminine divine.’” Tonight, she’s accepting the VMA Vanguard Award and performing a medley of hits. “It’s incredible because I’ve had fans for a lifetime,” she said. “Life is really happening! Be present because it does happen.” In 2013, Perry also won a Moon Person for Most Iconic Performance for her hit “Roar.”
Megan Thee Stallion walked the carpet with her hair styled in a slick bob with bangs as she accepted the award for Best Trending Video for her song “Mamushi.” About her gorgeous outfit, Megan — who’s hosting the VMAs tonight as well as performing — said, “I wanted to give ‘Hot Girl Summer,’ but glam: a little dark and some beauty.” The singer is also nominated for Best Visual Effects, Best Direction, Best Collab, and Best Hip-Hop.
Camila Cabello ditched the bleach-blonde hair she introduced with her C, XOXO single “I Luv It” and returned to her natural dark roots. The singer teased the color change at the end of her video for “Godspeed,” which she’s set to perform tonight. Cabello rocked a veil and a cross around her neck. Is she mourning the end of her C, XOXO era? The former Fifth Harmony star is nominated for Best Pop.
Clad in a delicate sheer lace top, Benson Boone was surprised on the VMA carpet with a Moon Person in the Best Alternative category for his chart-topping single “Beautiful Things,” which is also up for Song of the Summer. “This has been the craziest year of my life by far,” he said. “It’s truly an honor to see this crowd of people … I’m peeing my pants right now.”
Suki Waterhouse tapped into her Daisy Jones & the Six character Karen in a rock & roll-inspired cropped, feathered cape over a silky black dress on the red carpet. It’s a huge week for the actor-singer, who’s set to release her sophomore album, Memoir of a Sparklemuffin, on Friday.
If Paulina Rubio is the eternal “chica dorada,” Thalía is the chrome queen at the VMAs. Thalía rocked a corseted, shiny dress adorned with flower shapes and a short train. The Mexican pop legend will be presenting an award later tonight.
Tinashe went from being a host of the VMAs carpet to one of the most exciting stars to stop by the awards show this year following the success of her song “Nasty,” which was nominated for Best Trending Video. “It’s coming full circle,” she said on the carpet. “I’ve been putting in the work so it all coming to fruition is such a great feeling.”
Teddy Swims, who wore a white outfit with black accents and matching top, grinned ear-to-ear as he posed for photos. The “Devil in a Dress” star is up for Best New Artist and Song of the Year for “Lose Control.” He’s also set to sing from the Extended Play stage tonight.
The most-nominated star of the night is here! Taylor Swift graced the red carpet in an edgy Dior yellow-and-black gingham corset with a black skirt and thigh-high boots. If Swift wins three or more awards tonight, she’ll become the artist with the most VMAs in history, besting Beyoncé’s 23 nods. She’s up for Video of the Year, Best Pop, and 10 other trophies.
Tyla brought a burst of color to the black carpet in a fluorescent yellow dress, gorgeous jade necklace, and coral sandals. It’s a big night for Tyla, who is among the nominees for Best Afrobeats and Best R&B for her hit “Water.” She’s also one of the final three artists up for Best New Artist. “I called the family group chat,” Tyla said on the carpet of learning about her nominations. “I’ve been watching this my whole life so the fact I’m here is crazy.”