The singer joins Megan Moroney and Sophie Ellis-Bextor on the performer list for the Dec. 31 extravaganza.

													By
												

	Gil Kaufman


Carrie Underwood will help ring in 2025 on Dick Clark’s New Year’s Rockin’ Eve With Ryan Seacrest. The country superstar is the latest artist added to the list of performers on the annual countdown that will air on ABC on Dec. 31 beginning at 8 p.m. ET.

	The most-watched NYE countdown show will once again be hosted by Seacrest — in his 20th go-round — who will be joined by co-host Rita Ora in New York’s Times Square. In addition to Underwood, the show has added “Am I Okay?” singer Megan Moroney and Sophie Ellis-Bextor, the English singer whose 2001 jam “Murder on the Dancefloor” got a major boost earlier this year when it was used in the buzzy film Saltburn.

	










	“I have such fun memories of performing on New Year’s Rockin’ Eve in Times Square in both 2007 and 2015, and I’m so excited to perform just before the ball drops again this year,” said Underwood in a statement. “I’m thrilled to celebrate 20 years since winning American Idol by joining Ryan as he hosts his 20th New Year’s Eve in Times Square.”




			Trending on Billboard		






	Co-host Dayanara Torres will once again hold things down in Puerto Rico on the 54th annual broadcast, where Underwood will take the stage for a medley of her greatest hits live in Times Square just before midnight. The latest additions join previously announced performers Lenny Kravitz, Teddy Swims, Tinashe, Cody Johnson and Thomas Rhett.

Dick Clark’s New Year’s Rockin’ Eve With Ryan Seacrest 2025 will stream the next day on Hulu. Dick Clark Productions is owned by Penske Media Corporation; PMC is also the parent company of Billboard.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.