LISTEN: Nomad Anima’s “ALL TIME LOW” Is A Raw Hip-hop Anthem With Smooth Vocals			



				LISTEN: BOYS BOYS Blend Vulnerable Storytelling With Infectious Pop-Punk On “All I Know”			



				Golden Age Thursday: Subhumans Install Electrifyingly Attitude On ““Escalator to Hell” Live 1979			



				Soft Retro-Pop Soundscapes Infiltrate Lights’ ‘A6’ (ALBUM REVIEW)			



				James Krivchenia’s Tirelessly Free Approach To Dance Music Is Purely Distinct On ‘Performing Belief’ (INTERVIEW)			



				Eighties New Wavers Trevor Tanner and Paul Clark Reunite with an Indie Rock Sound as The Bolshoi Brothers (FEATURE)			



				DOSSEY Goes Full Glitter Grunge and Draws Inpiration from the 70s NYC Punk Scene on New EP ‘Crying in Public’ (FEATURE)			



				O.A.R.’s MikelParis Showcases His Unique Writing and Performance Style On New Solo Effort ‘GuitarDrumming 01’ (ALBUM PREMIERE/INTERVIEW)			



				Grateful Dead: Dave’s Picks Volume 54 – Baltimore Civic Center, Baltimore MD 3/26/73 (ALBUM REVIEW)			



				Sharon Van Etten and The Attachment Theory Mix Industrial Grit & Ethereal Beauty At Boston’s Roadrunner (SHOW REVIEW/PHOTOS)			



				Canadian Electroclash Icon Peaches Profiled in Raw, Unfiltered, and Celebratory Documentary ‘Teaches of Peaches’ (FILM REVIEW)			



				1982’s ‘Around The World’ Covers The Police On Their First World Tour (DVD REVIEW)			



				Heartbreakers Guitarist Mike Campbell Humbly Chronicles an Epic Career in ‘Heartbreaker: A Memoir’ (BOOK REVIEW)			



				‘Licorice Pizza’ Can’t Carry Weight Of Its Parts (FILM REVIEW)			



				‘Loki’ Gives Us Loki vs. Loki in Episode 3 (TV REVIEW)			



				All the Movie Trailers from Super Bowl LIV			



				2021 Holiday Movie Preview: ‘Ghostbusters: Afterlife,’ ‘The Power of The Dog,’ ‘House of Gucci’ & More			



				20 Years Ago Today- Cream Reunites At London’s Royal Albert Hall			



				VIDEO PREMIERE: Danielle Nicole Avoids Fake Artistry with Blues-soul Bravado on “Fools Gold”			



				Everything’s Right at Moda Center as Phish Returns To Portland, OR With Expansive Rock Sets (SHOW REVIEW/PHOTOS)			



				Jorma Kaukonen Shares Woodstock Stories, Jefferson Airplane Memories & The Search For Guitar Mastery (INTERVIEW)			



				CAUSTIC COMMENTARY: Car Seat Headrest, M Ross Perkins, PUP, James Krivchenia, Jenny Hval & More			



				Tulsa’s Studio Records Helps Fill Many A Vinyl Fanatic’s Collection (VINYL LIVES)			



				Flicker Theater In Athens Georgia Celebrates 25 Years Of Keeping It Weird (THESE WALLS)			



				Saxophonist John Helliwell (Formerly Of Supertramp) On A Life Of Jazz After Prog-Pop (HEY YOU/INTERVIEW)			



				On The Map: The Punk Rock Museum In Las Vegas Is 12,000 Square Feet Of All Things Punk			



				The Replacements’ ‘Tim’ Let It Bleed Edition Proves Worth As Discerning & Durable Retrospective			



				Time Out Take Five – Winter 2025: Warren Wolf, Spinifex, Towner Galaher Organ Group, Anat Cohen Quartetinho			



				VIDEO PREMIERE: Danielle Nicole Avoids Fake Artistry with Blues-soul Bravado on “Fools Gold”			



				VIDEO PREMIERE: Doom Folk Duo Moonrisers Tap Into Slinky Blues Instrumental on “Muddy Shores” Off Dan Auerbach-produced Debut ‘Harsh & Exciting’			



				VIDEO PREMIERE: Isaac Martinez Reflects on the Pain of Missing Family in Buoyant Folk-rock Tune “Cedar Road”			



				SONG PREMIERE: Ethan Daniel Davidson Leans Into Sad Nostalgia with Easygoing Folk-rock Tune “Your Old Key”			

Dave Grohl of Foo Fighters dropped a bombshell on September 10th. So it was no surprise when this past Thursday afternoon, less than 48 hours before the doors of the inaugural Soundside Music Festival opened, organizers let their torpedo launch – No Foos but offered Jack White and Greta Van Fleet instead as Sunday’s closers. (For those of you who live under a rock instead of listening to rock, Grohl revealed that he had fathered a child outside his marriage.) A
Although technically a first-year festival, Soundside grew out of a two-year Sound on Sound festival that delivered great acts but struggled with basic logistics, losing fans and supporters. But numerous changes, tenacious planning, and a solid foundation of a good location, City support, and festival operating experience have brought new life to this late-season festival, held September 28th and 29th along the Long Island Sound in Seaside Park, Bridgeport, CT. 
The early crowd lined up at least an hour before gates opened, ready to secure their spot for Saturday headliner Noah Kahan. And despite an uncertain weather report that ranged from overcast to steady drizzle to afternoon showers, depending on who you spoke to, the vibe at entry was upbeat and friendly, with Kahan fans trading bracelets and swapping stories. The Festival opening was slightly delayed with what seemed to be security issues at the bag check/metal detectors, and opener Rijah started late, but somehow, the schedule righted itself by the third act, Lisa Loeb and Nine Stories.
 In between, singer-songwriter Madi Diaz put on a solid half-hour set. Diaz’s unmistakable voice, stripped-down guitar, strong laments on love, and her drummer’s heavy cotton mallet rhythm were compelling. She introduced each song, giving new fans another entry point to her songs, and was delightful as she bantered with the crowd. “Who else is weirdly excited to see Boyz II Men? I’m wearing the right outfit.” (She was decked out in all white.) She is having a moment, so catch her touring throughout November in support of Rainbow Kitten Surprise. 
The rest of the day was a diverse mix of music. Grace Potter only had 45 minutes so she didn’t have a chance to explore the Mother Road theme of her current album that has informed her over-a-year-long tour, in fact she only played one song from it, but she is the real deal and puts on an incredible performance. Whether she is belting out her impeccably written songs, dancing her ass off, highlighting her fantastic band or just crushing the guitar, organ or mic herself, she does not let up from the moment she hits the stage (this time with burning sage in hand to cleanse the stage). Fans had a treat as she opened with “Medicine”, performed the stripped down “Nothing But The Water” with drummer Jordan West and closed with “Paris (Ooh La La)”. 
Another highlight was Christone “Kingfish” Ingram who dripped heavy blues from the piped-in opening chant “Kingfish Time, Kingfish Time” into “Midnight Heat” and “Hard Times” and throughout his fantastic set. He is an incredible young guitarist who plays and sings beyond his years. If you can’t catch him live in the next month, grab his latest release Live In London. Boyz II Men, put on a well-received show of well-rehearsed choreography, solid renditions of their songs (and a bunch of covers) against well-thought-out backdrops; they seemed to still have all the moves and were having fun. Judging from the adoring crowd of 40-year-old fans lining the rail reliving their boy band years, it was clear that their long-time fans thought they still brought it. 
The closing acts had the two age groups here dueling. The VIP crowd was whipped to a frenzy for The Goo Goo Dolls, indie darlings of the 90s, who put on a great show. Lead singer John Rzeznik looks like he hasn’t aged, the band was tight and they played their hits including “Name”, “Slide”, “Sympathy” and closing with “Iris”. He also led most songs with a gem of a story, including applauding the crowd’s commitment given the rain, joking, “I’d be home right now, even if it was a Beatles reunion! Now, let’s get started on your big party.”
 This band was clearly the soundtrack of the older festers’ young adulthood, as middle-aged couples cuddled as they sang along with every word. When Noah Kahan hit the stage just before 9 pm, it was the younger set’s time to sing along and hang on to each of Kahan’s quips and frenzied moves across the stage.  (Though in honesty, the parents in the crowd, whether with or without their kids, were fully engaged and knew every word as well.) His self-deprecating comments seem less sincere than his catchy songs. He does put on a great show, using his distinctive voice and making good use of his band though playing a few acoustic during his 16-song set. He had the crowd, from the first notes of the band as Kahan walked out and launched into “Dial Drunk” through the 2-song encore – “The View Between Villages” and “Stick Season”.  Numerous fans tried to explain his relevance to me. “It’s the stories!”  “It’s the music.” “It’s his focus on mental health.” It’s clear he speaks to this generation.
The lineup Sunday was a little all over the place, but with only one stage, it gave everyone a chance to sit in the back and chat with friends, grab a drink or meal, or check out what else the festival offers. Only a true (or completely undiscriminating) fan could like all the bands, though each is a high-quality act. They ranged from the country-adjacent sounds of Hurray for the Riff Raff to the jazzy piano of Norah Jones to the pop that is Bleachers to the heavy rock of Jack White. The War and Treaty was an early standout. Once Michael and Tonya Trotter enter, you can’t take your eyes off them and certainly can’t walk away from their incredible and complementary voices. 
As they trade verses, eye contact, and caresses on stage, their talent, love, energy, and double-entendres flow over the crowd. They have logged many shows since their move to Nashville and clearly know how to command a crowd, even one not familiar with their songs. Two standouts were 3rd song “Hey Driver” they wrote with Zach Bryan. Later in the set, when Tanya pointed out the man in the crowd who discovered her at 16 and supported her for years and dedicated a gorgeous Dolly Parton-penned, but Whitney Houston-style cover, “I Will Always Love You” to him that had everyone in the crowd, including Tanya tearing up.  
Teddy Swims was clearly a crowd favorite, but it was hard to reconcile the crooning of his sensitive lyrics with the frat boy antics and f-bombs on stage. But he closed with his two hits “Lose Control” and “The Door”, and listening to them through the solid sound system, one could understand his appeal. The buzz for the day was for indie popsters Jack Antonoff of Bleachers who had the crowd and the photographers antsy with anticipation all day. They held the crowd for well more than their allotted hour with a high-energy performance by Antonoff, often foiling with one of his sax players. The ending was extremely effective as the two sax players dueled (interspersing “Treme Song”) as the rest of the band packed up and then joined them up front for their group bow. Once they left the stage it took at least 24 stages hands to break down the stage to turn it over to Greta Van Fleet.
Greta Van Fleet and Jack White were the last-minute replacements for Foo Fighters, and both put on tremendous shows. GVF is a visual and auditory delight. The four piece are made up and costumed in glam rock “suits”, with an extra measure of exposed skin. They hit the stage with their seemingly derivative hard rock, including the full rock guitarist moves of Jake Kiszka or the affecting Geddy Lee-like voice of Josh Kiszka fronting a Zeppelin sound. Still, they have the songs, energy, and talent to pull it all off. GVF had concluded their current tour, so fans were treated to one last show, and GVF seemed not to want to get off stage. Every song seemed to resolve but then built again to a final extended crescendo. 
Expecting a significant wait til closer to Jack White, festers were surprised when, less than 12 minutes later, a wall of noise emanated from the stage. Jack White (with 3 band members on bass, drums, and keys) was in town and ready to rock. Commanding a surprisingly brightly lit stage for this photo-adverse performer, he ripped through a hard and heavy 18-song set, drawing heavily from his White Stripes material to the crowd’s delight. He closed with “Seven Nation Army” and while the crowd stuck around awaiting an encore, honestly, what could he play after that?
Soundside delivered this year. They downsized, resolved some major logistical logjams (ie parking, layout), managed to book a solid line up late in the game, and once again responded nimbly as problems arose; they pulled off a solid festival experience for fans. They can’t control the rain, the cold or the behavior of their artists, but it is clear they listen to their festival goers. So here’s to Soundside 2025. We’ll be there because the music will be great, and we know they will keep working to make it the best way to close the summer season.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ


				Amos Lee Wraps Up Tour With Defiantly Spirited Show At Orlando’s Plaza Theatre (SHOW REVIEW/PHOTOS)			



				Grateful Dead: Dave’s Picks Volume 54 – Baltimore Civic Center, Baltimore MD 3/26/73 (ALBUM REVIEW)			



				CAUSTIC COMMENTARY: Car Seat Headrest, M Ross Perkins, PUP, James Krivchenia, Jenny Hval & More			



				VIDEO PREMIERE: Danielle Nicole Avoids Fake Artistry with Blues-soul Bravado on “Fools Gold”			



				Cat Stevens Captured In Top Form in Vinyl Reissue of Rare 1974 Concert Recording ‘Saturnight: Live in Tokyo’ (ALBUM REVIEW)			



				James Krivchenia’s Tirelessly Free Approach To Dance Music Is Purely Distinct On ‘Performing Belief’ (INTERVIEW)			


Email Address*



Name