Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Hosted by Ryan Seacrest live from Times Square, the nation's most-watched New Year's Eve celebration will include performances from Carrie Underwood, Jonas Brothers, Alanis Morissette, Reneé Rapp, Blake Shelton and more.

							By 

	Erin Lassner

E-Commerce Writer

	If you purchase an independently reviewed product or service through a link on our website, The Hollywood Reporter may receive an affiliate commission.

Ryan Seacrest is ringing in 2025 and his 20th year as the host of Dick Clark’s New Year’s Rockin’ Eve. Rita Ora will co-host with Seacrest from New York’s Times Square, while Rob Gronkowski will co-host from Las Vegas and Jeannie Mai from Los Angeles.

	The nation’s most-watched New Year’s Eve celebration will feature sets from from Carrie Underwood, Jonas Brothers, Alanis Morissette, Lenny Kravitz, Reneé Rapp, Blake Shelton, T-Pain, Thomas Rhett, Tinashe, Natasha Bedingfield and more.



	Here’s everything to know about Dick Clark’s New Year’s Rockin’ Eve, including the confirmed lineup and how to stream the event online for free. Plus, check out The Hollywood Reporter‘s full guide to 2025’s New Year’s Eve specials. 

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	Movies
			



	
		
					'Another Simple Favor' Reunites Blake Lively and Anna Kendrick: Where to Stream the 'A Simple Favor' Sequel Online		
			














	
	TV
			



	
		
					Kentucky Derby 2025: How to Watch the 151st Horse Racing Event Online Without Cable		
			








At a Glance: How to Watch Dick Clark’s New Year’s Rockin’ Eve

	The star-studded special airs live on Dec. 31 at 8 p.m. ET on ABC. 

	Cord-cutters can watch Dick Clark’s New Year’s Rockin’ Eve with Ryan Seacrest on any live TV streaming service that carries ABC, including DirecTV Stream, Hulu + Live TV, Fubo and Sling.

	Select streamers are offering free trials and limited-time discounts, allowing viewers to watch the annual music event for free; keep reading to learn more about each option.
		Watch the celebration for free on ABC with a five-day free trial to DirecTV Stream, which starts at $86.98 per month for the first two months for the Entertainment + Sports Pack and then renews at $101.98 per month. The cable streamer offers more than 90 channels, including Fox, CNN, CBS, Disney Channel, E!, MSNBC, Nickelodeon and HGTV.Other plans offer over 125-160 channels and are currently running discounts for the first three months. Learn more about package options and ways to save here. 	
		Ring in the new year for free on ABC with a three-day trial to Hulu + Live TV, which comes bundled with Disney+ and ESPN+, starting at $82.99 per month. Available with or without ads, the live TV streamer also carries NBC, CBS, Fox and 90 other major cable news, entertainment and sports channels. 	
 Fubo carries ABC and offers a seven-day free trial, allowing new subscribers to watch Dick Clark’s New Year’s Rockin’ Eve for free.The cable streamer carries over 200 other news, entertainment and sports channels, and subscriptions start at $79.99 per month for the Pro package, which is currently on sale for $59.99 for the first month. You can record over 1,000 hours of TV shows, movies, games and more (including Monday, Thursday and Sunday Night Football) and watch later on your smartphone, tablet or TV.Other plans include the Elite package (301 channels for $99.99 monthly and currently on sale for $79.99 for the first month) and the Premier tier that comes with 322 channels, NFL RedZone, Showtime and 4K quality for $109.99 monthly, currently on sale for $89.99 for the first month.	
		Offering 46 total channels including ABC, the Sling Blue plan is $25.50 per month for the first month ($50.99 per month afterward) — prices and channel availability depend on your local TV market.Related: The Best Streaming Deals on Sling TV 

	For the 20th consecutive year, Ryan Seacrest will be hosting live from Times Square. There will be three additional co-hosts: Rita Ora, Rob Gronkowski and Jeannie Mai.

	The special includes performances from Alanis Morissette, Blake Shelton, Carrie Underwood, Cody Johnson, Dasha, Dayanara Torres, Ernest, Hardy, Jonas Brothers, Kesha, Laufey, Lenny Kravitz, Luis Fonsi, Megan Moroney, Natasha Bedingfield, Pass the Mic Live!, Reneé Rapp, Sophie Ellis Bextor, T-Pain, Teddy Swims, Thomas Rhett, Tinashe and TLC.

	Watch Dick Clark’s New Year’s Rockin’ Eve on ABC through DirecTV Stream, Hulu + Live TV, Fubo or Sling.

Related: How to Stream New Year’s Eve Live: Nashville’s Big Bash 2025 for Free
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.