ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
MEXICO CITY, MEXICO - AUGUST 24: EDITORIAL USE ONLY. Taylor Swift performs onstage during the ... More "Taylor Swift | The Eras Tour" at Foro Sol on August 24, 2023 in Mexico City, Mexico. Taylor Swift fills five spaces on Billboard's Adult Contemporary chart this week—as many as her next two closest competitors combined. (Photo by Hector Vivas/TAS23/Getty Images for TAS Rights Management)
Taylor Swift has a years-long track record of dominating the radio charts in America. She’s one of the most successful hitmakers of all time, and these days, DJs and programmers are eager to put several of her tracks into heavy rotation at once. When they play her songs, listeners tend to stay tuned in.
The superstar brings one of her recent wins back to the Adult Contemporary airplay ranking this week. As one of Swift’s songs returns, she ups her total number of current smashes on the Billboard-published radio chart and easily outpaces the competition.
Swift occupies five spots on the Adult Contemporary tally this week. She claimed four last week, but "Style (Taylor’s Version)" reappears on the list of the most successful songs at AC stations throughout the country, landing at No. 30 (the last spot on the ranking).
"Style (Taylor’s Version)" joins Swift’s other current hits on the Adult Contemporary ranking, including "Cruel Summer" (No. 3), "Fortnight" with Post Malone (No. 13), "I Can Do It With a Broken Heart" (No. 20), and "Bad Blood (Taylor’s Version)" (No. 29). Of that group, only her duet with Post Malone moves this week, stepping up one spot.
The artist with the second-most appearances on the Adult Contemporary radio chart this week is Sabrina Carpenter. As her new single "Please Please Please" finally debuts at No. 24, it joins "Espresso" (No. 10) and her older track "Feather" (No. 25).
Teddy Swims and Post Malone are tied for the third-most placements on the airplay chart this week, with two entries each. Swims’ "Lose Control" earns its tenth stay at No. 1, while "The Door" remains steady at No. 18. Malone’s "I Had Some Help" with Morgan Wallen is also stagnant at No. 11—just three spots ahead of his Swift collaboration.
This week, Swift scores as many hit songs on the Adult Contemporary chart as the next two most successful acts combined. Carpenter and either Swims or Malone have a total of five songs on the list, collectively matching Swift’s impressive performance.