ROCKFORD, Ill. (WIFR) - With thousands of people in and around the Rockford region all in on the city’s permanent Hard Rock Casino, area establishments also see a boost in business from some of the casino goers.
Rockford’s permanent Hard Rock Casino has been open for less than a month and it’s seen no shortage of people hitting the slots. No matter if they win big or not, some of that money makes its way to nearby businesses.
Catherine Insley is one of the managers at Thunder Bay Grille which is less than a mile away from the Hard Rock Casino. She commutes from Belvidere, a 15-minute drive that can now take 25 minutes, but she says the extra time is worth it.
“Now that there are a lot of people traveling just to go to the casino, they hit us on the way up or the way out,” says Insley. “It’s a lot more to look at around us now so it has been helpful.”
Insley makes sure the restaurant has sufficient staff from Thursday through Sunday to handle the influx of customers. They also get a lot of walk-in business from the casino or nearby hotels.
“We’ve had a lot come over here as well if their restaurants aren’t open, or something like that so it’s been nice.”
Machine Shed also feels the effect of the casino. Guy Deserio, Machine Shed’s COO, says acts like Teddy Swims and Brad Paisley draw in the numbers. He adds it’s nice to see the former Clock Tower Hotel space thrive once more. 
“Those bring people for the hotels and they tremendously help business. breakfast and lunch are real good for us,” says Deserio. “As people are driving by on the highway, they’ll see that huge guitar. It’s such a big draw and should be more over the years to come.”
Rockfords newest hot spot also drives up business for Rockford Rides. Owner Josh Beitel says it’s challenging to exit the lot and anticipates business picking up in the winter.
“It also prevents people from drinking and driving or being intoxicated while they are driving. Just provides a great and safe way for people to get back and forth here in the Rockford community,” says Beitel.
Rockford Rides shuttled casino employees to a remote parking lot by Elliott Golf Course because the main and overflow lots were full during the casino’s opening weekend.
One person we talked with says with so much car and foot traffic in the area, the city should add more crosswalks so people can stop jaywalking.
Copyright 2024 WIFR. All rights reserved.