Ahead of the European Music Awards (EMAs) taking place this weekend, MTV has announced it has made a major investment into a new Manchester facility.
On Sunday (November 10), Rita Ora will host the MTV awards ceremony direct from Co-op Live, which is set to include performances from the likes of Raye, Teddy Swims and Pet Shop Boys.
Whilst MTV has already taken over the city in a variety of forms, including Metrolink tram stops - featuring announcements from Rita herself - and takeovers at beloved music venues as part of Music Week, the broadcaster has committed to a longer-lasting legacy that will continue in Manchester beyond this weekend’s event.
READ MORE: How to get Scissor Sisters general sale tickets for 2025 UK reunion tour
The Manchester Evening News can exclusively reveal that MTV has pledged funds for a new cinema space which will benefit patients and their families who are cared for within the Manchester University NHS Foundation Trust – hailed as the largest NHS Trust in the country.
MTV’s parent company Paramount Global will be providing a donation towards the creation of the MediCinema facility, which will be located within Manchester University NHS Trust’s Oxford Road hospital campus.
Bringing the therapeutic power of cinema to patients and their families, the facility will consist of an auditorium equipped with space for beds, wheelchairs and medical equipment and will allow those being under medical care to still be able to enjoy the experience of going to the cinema.
Once operational, the new MediCinema will support patients of all ages cared for throughout the Trust’s Oxford Road Campus hospitals, including Royal Manchester Children’s Hospital, Saint Mary’s Hospital and Manchester Royal Eye Hospital, as well as Manchester Royal Infirmary.
Created by the MediCinema charity, the facility is provided at no cost to patients or the NHS. When not used as a cinema, the space will double-up as an enhanced facility for staff training and education services, as well as a lecture theatre.
The build is expected to commence in the second quarter of 2026, with the MediCinema operational by the end of the same year.
“Each year, we aim to leave a legacy in each host city of the MTV EMAs which endures beyond Music Week and has a positive impact on the wider community,” Lee Sears, President, International Markets Advertising Sales, at Paramount Global, said.
“In the 30th year of MTV EMAs, Paramount is delighted to work with MediCinema and the NHS Trust and charity partners, to channel Paramount’s storied cinematic history into a space that can support the wellbeing of patients and their families.”
Colin Lawrence, CEO at MediCinema, added: “We are enormously grateful for the support and generosity of Paramount Global which has enabled this project to start to take shape with the MFT. It’s with immense pride that we are creating a partnership with MFT and their charity, enabling a MediCinema to be built within one of the UK’s most innovative and significant centres of care.
“We know from our many years of operation within the NHS that MediCinema’s services boost wellbeing and are able to transform the hospital experience for patients, their families and careers. We are proud that NHS staff communities can also enjoy and benefit our screenings.”
Kathy Cowell OBE DL, Chairman of MFT, also commented: “Being in hospital can be a difficult and distressing time for patients and their loved ones. The introduction of a purpose-built cinema within our Oxford Road Campus will provide our patients – young and old – with much-needed opportunities to get away from the ward, enjoying the full cinema experience whilst still in a safe environment
“It will make a huge difference for our patients and staff, and we are incredibly grateful to both Paramount and MediCinema for their support.”
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.