Haters gonna hate, hate, hate, hate…
Maureen Lee Lenker is a senior writer at Entertainment Weekly with over seven years of experience in the entertainment industry. An award-winning journalist, she's written for Turner Classic Movies, Ms. Magazine, The Hollywood Reporter, and more. She's worked at EW for six years covering film, TV, theater, music, and books. The author of EW's quarterly romance review column, "Hot Stuff," Maureen holds Master's degrees from both the University of Southern California and the University of Oxford. Her debut novel, It Happened One Fight, is now available. Follow her for all things related to classic Hollywood, musicals, the romance genre, and Bruce Springsteen.
 Recent Bachelorette star Jenn Tran has been the archer, and she's been the prey.

 Which is why she'll be dancing a foxtrot to Taylor Swift's "The Archer" with partner Sasha Farber on next week's Dedication Night on Dancing With the Stars.

 Entertainment Weekly can exclusively reveal the songs, dances, and dedications for next Tuesday's episode of the ABC dance competition. But among the list of sweet shout-outs to family members, partners, teammates, and other loved ones, Tran stands apart with her dedication — her dance is dedicated to the one and only Taylor Swift.

Carlos Alvarez/Getty; Disney/Christopher Willard
 Given the year that Tran has had, including having to watch her Bachelorette proposal on live television post-breakup, it honestly makes sense. Swift is the queen of writing about heartbreak and moving on, and "The Archer" is a stirring summation of the self-doubts we deal with when love doesn't work out. "Who could ever leave me, darling? But who could stay?" the lyrics from the Lover track ask.

 In addition to honoring the people and institutions that mean the most to season 33's contestants, the episode will also welcome back former pro and three-time Mirrorball champion Mark Ballas to the ballroom. Ballas will join as a guest judge, offering his expertise as the couples reach the halfway point in the competition. He last competed in season 31, winning with partner Charli D'Amelio. He visited the ballroom last season as one of numerous pros who returned for a tribute dance to late judge Len Goodman.

 Additionally, judge Derek Hough and his wife, Hayley, will celebrate her return to the ballroom, her first time back since her 2023 brain surgery. The duo will deliver a routine to "Beautiful Things (Acoustic)," by Benson Boone.

 Read on for the remaining dances, songs, and dedications that will be featured on this special night in the ballroom.

 Sign up for Entertainment Weekly's free daily newsletter to get breaking TV news, exclusive first looks, recaps, reviews, interviews with your favorite stars, and more.

 Dancing With the Stars airs Tuesdays at 8 p.m. ET/PT on ABC and Disney+.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)