ByNadja Sayej
ByNadja Sayej,
 Contributor. 
Harriette Cole, Jean Shafiroff, Ese Azenabor and models attend Ese Azenabor Spring 2025 at 610 Loft & Garden.
New York Fashion Week is always a showstopping affair. This year, over 300 designers from 50 countries showcased their Spring/Summer 2025 collections (though the official program as part of the Council of Fashion Designers of America’s program is limited to 60 runway shows). Here are some of the designer and brand highlights who showcased innovation in fashion and style this year.
L'agence at the Plaza Hotel
At the Plaza Hotel, American brand L’agence’s new collection is called “Return to The Plaza.” Inspired by the iconic New York hotel, the collection features an eclectic combination of dresses, sets, tweeds and glammed up jean items. Models stood above the crowd alongside a cherry blossom installation designed by Pop-Up Florist. Notable attendees included Brooks Nader, Jamie Chung, Julianne Hough, Olivia Palermo and more.
NEW YORK, NEW YORK - SEPTEMBER 06: Model attends Ese Azenabor Spring 2025 at 610 Loft & Garden on September 06, 2024 in New York City.  (Photo by Michael Ostuni/Patrick McMullan via Getty Images)
The Nigerian-born, Canadian designer showcased her colorful new collection, which incorporates florals, sequins and a dazzling array of blazer looks for women. The designer hand-beads crystals, stones and pearls onto fabrics like tulle and lace. Azenabor started her line in 2012, after living in Windsor, Ontario and then moving to Dallas. While she is known as a bridal designer, she has grown her brand to much more, dressing celebrities like Tyra Banks, Michelle Willams and Kelsea Balleriini, among others.
Nikki Ogunnaike and Janelle Lloyd at Marie Claire 30th Anniversary at Bloomingdale's
If there is one mainstay fashion publication, it has to be Marie Claire. The magazine hosted a fun cocktail party at Bloomingdale’s 59th Street flagship to celebrate their 30th anniversary, alongside the launch of Bloomingdale’s Fall Campaign, “From Italy With Love.” The stylish event was co-hosted by the magazine’s editor in chief Nikki Ogunnaike, and RTW Fashion Director at Bloomingdale’s, Janelle Lloyd. The event drew VIPs like Paris Jackson, Jordan Chiles, Liza Soberano, Larsen Thompson, Crystal Reed, Liza Koshy, Jennifer Fisher, and more.
Bad Binch TongTong
The New York-based designer Terrence Zhou, who is behind Bad Binch TongTong, is a self-described “avant-garde surrealist” designer. He draws upon science fiction for inspiration.
This new collection i focuses on the color black and sheer fabrics. It is out of this world, inspired by otherworldly creatures. For Zhou, the collection is "a sacred communion" he says, "where we can feel the presence of higher beings, and where love is the only truth that matters"
NEW YORK, NEW YORK - SEPTEMBER 07: Supermodel Elton ILIRJANI walks the runway for Malan Breton at NYFW SS 25 on September 07, 2024 in New York City. (Photo by Arun Nevader/Getty Images for Elton Ilirjani)
Taiwan-born designer Malan Breton tapped into themes of betrayal and hope for his latest collection, which draws upon fairytales from the 19th and 20th century for inspiration. Using silk, pink leather and wool for his collections, the showcase had dramatic lines and whimsical shapes. With hairstyling led by Marco Maranghello, and beauty team led by the Emmy Nominated Vincenza Carovillano, the show felt like a collection from the future. Breton has dressed celebrities like Priyanka Chopra, Janelle Monae, Vivica A Fox and more. Elton Ilirjani closed the show wearing a showstopping yellow couture garment.
NEW YORK, NEW YORK - SEPTEMBER 10: Hudson Mckinley (R) attends Jean Shafiroff Hosts Time Square Fashion Week at Duffy Square on September 10, 2024 in New York City. (Photo by Michael Ostuni/Patrick McMullan via Getty Images)
Philanthropist Jean Shafiroff co-hosted this annual fashion show with a nod from Assemblywoman Rebecca Seawright and a speech from the office of Manhattan Borough President, Mark Levine. This year’s event featured runway shows from New York designers Shani Collection and S.A.D.A Chicc, up and coming designer Sierra Hotel Collection as well as Australian Designers Sarah Hutson and Tantiana Mcgrath, plus the latest collection from Mrs. Momma Bear Workwear. The runway shows were accompanied by awards given out by Shafiroff, as well as a powerful speech from Jude Kingston, founder of Mind Your Fashion, a mental health organization that serves the fashion industry.
Look by Zero Wate Daniel: The Canary and The Ugly Duckling - Joshua Holden and Mr. Nicholas.
Brooklyn favorite Zero Waste Daniel hosted an unconventional fashion show. Instead of a runway, he took his latest collection to the stage for a show he called Sustainable Fashion is a Cabaret at Midnight Theatre. His upcycled fashion line was brought to life by stage stars like Alexandra Socha, who is currently starring as Glinda in Wicked on Broadway, Daphne Rubin-Vega, who wore a look recycled from her Broadway-worn costumes, including those from her award-winning performance as Mimi in the original production of Rent.
Nagnata
These days, there are a lot of Australian designers shaking up fashion. For this season, they hosted a fun cocktail party to celebrate fashion week. Nagnata was founded by the sister duo, Laura May and Hannah Gibbs. The sisters wanted to create timeless items that speak beyond the fast-paced fashion cycles, while paying tribute to 1990s design. The cocktail event drew the likes of the fashion crowd, as well as VIPs like model Grace Johnson, activist Marina Testino, comedian Sahsheer Zamata and more. Nagnata’s athletic knitwear has become a trademark of the brand and has grown to become a wide-ranging luxury brand. Check it out for yourself, as Nagnata have a pop up in New York City that is open through September 15 at Sommwhere located at 48 Ludlow Street.
Naomi Campbell for Timberland
Yesterday, Timberland launched their global “Iconic” campaign as their trademark yellow boot celebrates its 50th anniversary. Featuring a shoot with world renowned stars like Naomi Campbell, Teddy Swims, Slawn and Kai-Isaiah Jamal, the campaign shows how timeless these boots truly are. It makes sense why this brand has collaborated with the likes of Louis Vuitton, Wales Bonner, and White Mountaineering.
NEW YORK, NEW YORK - MAY 03: Bella Hadid and Adan Banuelos are seen on May 03, 2024 in New York City. (Photo by Gotham/GC Images)
Teton Ridge celebrated the award-winning horseman Adan Banuelos’ (and boyfriend of Bella Hadid), brought the traditions and values of the American West to the historic Meatpacking district at Kemo Sabe’s pop-up during New York Fashion Week. The event was to celebrate Banuelos’ short film “Horse Sense,” which is part of Teton Ridges’ upcoming six-part, short film series, “Window to the West".
NEW YORK, NEW YORK - JULY 10: Nabys Vielman attends Jean Shafiroff's Bastille Day Luncheon at Maison Barnes on July 10, 2024 in New York City. (Photo by Sean Zanni/Patrick McMullan via Getty Images)
Venezuelan designer Nabys Vielman known for his elegant design work. Over the past 30 years, he has dressed celebrities, heads of state and socialites across the globe. He showcased his latest collection with a majestic touch to his trademark geometric shapes and minimalist touch.