Also this week: Larry Jackson's gamma. makes two key hires, an iHeartMedia lifer retires and Rhino UK installs a new general manager.

													By
												

	Marc Schneider

Industry News Editor

Welcome to an overflowing edition of Executive Turntable, Billboard’s comprehensive(ish) compendium of promotions, hirings, exits and firings — and all things in between — across music. 

Read on for mostly good news and don’t forget to nominate an impactful executive for our Power 100 Players’ Choice Award, plus peep our weekly interview series spotlighting a single c-suiter and our helpful calendar of notable industry events and confabs.

Universal Music Japan named Shintaro Aki as managing director of EMI Records Japan. Reporting to UMJ president and CEO Naoshi Fujikura, the Tokyo-based executive brings over two decades of industry experience, including a successful tenure at Warner Music Japan, where he rose to senior executive producer. While at Warner, he notably spent seven years as head of Creative Room 1 (now known as Prescribe), the label home to Aimyon, Chanmina, Campanella and others. Over the course of his career Aki has played a pivotal role in developing artists like Superfly, whom he has A&R’d since 2007, Ulfuls, Ges no Kiwami Otome, WANIMA and THE YELLOW MONKEY, among others. Fujikura praised Aki’s proven track record for producing hits and strong relationships with artists, adding, “We look forward to EMI Records, which already has a long history and a broad roster of artists, continuing to shine under Mr. Aki’s new leadership.”




			Trending on Billboard		






Warner Music appointed Darina Connolly as general manager of Rhino UK, where she’ll report to Dirk Ewald, WMG’s svp of global catalogue, and Isabel Garvey, Warner Music UK’s COO. Connolly will lead marketing efforts for iconic Rhino artists like David Bowie, Fleetwood Mac, Madonna and Prince, among others. Formerly head of music partnerships at TikTok, Connolly has also held key roles at Apple Music, Sony Music, and MTV, where she managed projects with artists such as AC/DC and John Legend. A strong advocate for diversity — spot her in Billboard’s 2024 Music Industry Pride list — Connolly developed inclusion initiatives including Apple Music’s Elevate program and TikTok’s #queersounds campaign. Connolly is enthusiastic about enhancing Rhino UK’s legacy, while Ewald and Garvey anticipate her positive impact. This appointment follows the departure of Tom Gallacher, who relocated to Scotland after ten years with Rhino UK.

John Storey joined CAA as chief financial officer, bringing nearly 20 years of experience in corporate development, strategy and finance to the talent agency. Storey previously served as president of finance and operations at Asurion, a leader in smartphone insurance. CAA president Jim Burtson highlighted Storey’s expertise in strategic planning and operational efficiencies, which align with CAA’s objectives to expand internationally. “His accomplishments in building for growth match well with our ambitious goals,” Burtson said. Storey, whose background includes five years as Asurion’s CFO and previous roles as a research analyst and investment banker, said CAA is “clear in its vision to create limitless opportunities for its clients and employees” and that he looks forward to achieving those goals.

South by Southwest appointed Meghan Cassin as senior vp of content, aiming to strengthen its focus on content to support creatives and broaden community engagement. Cassin, with 17 years of experience in global media, previously served as vp of content at Warner Bros. Discovery, where she led content initiatives for platforms such as Nat Geo Wild, Disney Plus and Max. Jann Baskett, SXSW co-president and chief brand officer, expressed enthusiasm about Cassin’s appointment, noting her passion for storytelling. “With new ideas around content and an audience-first approach, we know she’s the right executive to spearhead our efforts,” she said.

Downtown Music Publishing promoted Jedd Katrancha to chief creative officer, where he will direct the company’s A&R, business development, sync and other creative-y strategies. A Downtown veteran since its start in 2007, Katrancha aims to expand exposure and revenue for Downtown’s catalog by aligning creative efforts to capture new opportunities across various markets. Katrancha will also lead efforts to forge strategic partnerships, helping to unlock the potential of Downtown’s catalog, which spans legacy artists like John Lennon and Miles Davis to recent signings such as Colbie Caillat and Peso Pluma. Downtown president Emily Stephenson praised Katrancha’s “dedication to fostering and executing impactful creative strategies for our artists and business clients.”

Gamma., the Larry Jackson-founded media and entertainment company, announced two key hires this week: Mike Hamilton as senior vp of commercial partnerships, and Casey Compernolle as vice president of A&R and digital strategy. Hamilton, formerly svp of commerce at Def Jam Recordings, will manage relationships with digital service providers for roster artists, while Compernolle, previously a top playlist programmer and emerging artist advocate at Apple Music, will focus on artist development and digital strategy. “What gamma. has accomplished in under two years is nothing short of remarkable,” said Hamilton. “As independent companies continue to dominate our industry, I am honored and excited to join such a talented & impactful team.” Compernolle added that she’s stoked to “help develop the industry’s next wave of independent talent alongside a phenomenal roster of artists and an incredibly talented group of creatives.”

Opry Entertainment Group named Gary Scott as chief operating officer. Scott joins OEG from Ridgeline Hospitality Group, where he served as principal/owner and provides counsel to clients in sectors including hotel, gaming, food/beverage and hospitality. His career also includes time at Virgin Hotels Las Vegas, Hard Rock Hotel & Casino, and MGM Resorts/The Mirage Hotel & Casino. Opry Entertainment Group’s portfolio of venues includes the Grand Ole Opry, Ryman Auditorium, the Blake Shelton-inspired Ole Red, ACL Live at Moody Theater and Luke Combs’s Category 10. –Jessica Nicholson

NASHVILLE NOTES: 2911 Media promoted Scott Sexton from director of publicity to vice president of publicity. My top priority has always been to help our clients reach their full potential, and that will never change,” he said … The Familie added artist manager Emma Kyes to its Nashville music division. Kyes brings Sadie Bass to the Famile fam after securing deals for the singer-songwriter, including with WME and Sony Music. Royce Risser, The Familie’s evp of music, praised Kyes’ “drive and commitment” as “extraordinary.”

Matt Morgan, a former senior marketing executive at Atlantic Records UK, is the new creative marketing director at Trade Secrets Management, which represents Teddy Swims. Morgan, who joined Atlantic last November, played a pivotal role in the global success of Swims’ “Lose Control” campaign, which garnered hundreds of millions of views and established Swims in the UK market. Morgan, who also manages Amelia Dimoldenberg, Reggie Yates and Dynamo, signaled enthusiasm for continuing his work with Swims and the Atlantic team in his new role. His appointment is expected to enhance Swims’ presence and expand the reach of Trade Secrets Management’s creative marketing strategies. “Matt is one of the most creative and talented marketing minds I’ve had the pleasure of working with”, said Luke Conway, director at Trade Secrets Management. “His unique and impactful campaigns have been instrumental in breaking Teddy in the UK. We’re thrilled to welcome him to the Trade Secrets team.”

Leftbrain named Larry Tyler as a business manager, where he’ll lead a team serving a diverse range of industry clients, from indie artists to major label stars. Tyler brings over 13 years of experience from NKSFB Business Management, where he rose to partner, and has previously held roles at Gursey|Schneider LLP and GSO Business Management, specializing in tour finances and client relations. Founder and CEO Nicholas Judd said that Leftbrain, now in its sixth year, is busy expanding its mission after initially focusing on business management for musicians through tech. “Now, we’re expanding our mission by partnering with like-minded business managers,” he said. “Larry’s legendary experience and vision make him a perfect fit for our team, and we’re excited to show what’s possible together.”

ALL IN THE FAMILY: Nicole Morano is the new associate vice president of communications at Penske Media, where she’ll oversee PR and communications for New York-based brands like this one, Rolling Stone and Sportico, as well as SXSW events in Austin, Sydney and London. Based in NYC and reporting to Brooke Jaffe, svp of public affairs and strategy, Morano will also support Penske Media’s New York executive teams, including licensing. Morano was previously director of corporate communications at Condé Nast and earlier in her career handled publicity at Penguin Random House.

Michelle McCarthy officially cut the ribbon on MCC Marketing Group, a New York-based agency specializing in live entertainment and sports marketing. The agency aims to create strong connections between artists, brands, and audiences through strategic campaigns for concerts, festivals and other events. With over 15 years of experience, McCarthy previously led marketing at Madison Square Garden and Radio City Music Hall, handling major events like Billy Joel’s residency and Harry Styles’ sold-out shows. In 2024, MCC Marketing Group successfully promoted the “Rock the Country” festival series featuring Kid Rock and Jason Aldean, and David Gilmour’s “Luck and Strange” U.S. Tour, achieving sold-out shows.

RADIO, RADIO: Jeff Littlejohn, iHeartMedia’s longtime executive vp of engineering, is retiring after 32 years. Steve George will now oversee technical operations for iHeart’s 860 local stations. Additionally, Oklahoma svp of programming JJ Ryan will expand his role to include Arkansas, Kansas and Missouri, as part of iHeart’s regional leadership restructuring. This change follows the layoff of Greg Chance, who had overseen programming for more than 20 stations … Audacy promoted Kieran Geffert as its new market manager in San Francisco, overseeing a portfolio that includes 95.7 The Game, Alice @ 97.3 and 102 Jams, among others.
Daily newsletters straight to your inbox
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.