Netflix has given us our first look at Selena Gomez‘s latest film, Emilia Pérez. The teaser trailer for the movie, for which Selena won best actress alongside costars Zoe Saldaña, Karla Sofía Gascón and Adriana Paz at the 2024 Cannes Film Festival, dropped Monday on YouTube. The film will be available to watch in select theaters on Nov. 1 before it streams on Netflix on Nov. 13.
Kelly Clarkson‘s daytime talk show returns for season 6 on Sep. 23 with a celebratory rooftop party for the premiere episode. Among the stars scheduled to appear during the premiere week event are Kristen Bell, Halle Berry, Michael Bublé, Jim Carrey, Teddy Swims and Keith Urban.
Justin Bieber has a lot to celebrate. The new dad welcomed his first child Jack Blues Bieber on Aug. 23, and simultaneously the pop star’s 2010 hit song “Baby” reached 1 billion streams on Spotify. Could it be from all of his fans celebrating the newest addition? You better belieb it.
Christina Perri‘s daughter Carmella would listen to Chappell Roan‘s music for a thousand years if she’d let her. “My 6-year-old is now obsessed with pop music and pop culture. She loves Chappell Roan,” Christina told People. “So it’s a little bit different, her track list.”
Now that she’s headlined and sold out Madison Square Garden, Tate McRae says she can happily retire. “Headlining & selling out madison square garden has always been one of my biggest dreams, so that was one of the most surreal nights of my life,” Tate wrote on Instagram. “could not be more grateful. Gonna go cry now. I’m retiring. Ok bye.”
Copyright © 2024, ABC Audio. All rights reserved.
Sign up to receive KS95 news, updates, and contests in your inbox.
Need help accessing the FCC Public File due to a disability? Please contact Ross Brendell at publicfilemsp@hubbardradio.com or (651) 632-6675.
This web site is not intended for users located within the European Economic Area.

YouTube Terms of Service |
        Google Privacy Policy |
        Google Terms of Service 

© 2025 KSTP-FM, LLC