ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
GLENDALE, ARIZONA - MARCH 17: Editorial use only and no commercial use at any time.  No use on ... More publication covers is permitted after August 9, 2023. Taylor Swift performs onstage for the opening night of "Taylor Swift | The Eras Tour" at State Farm Stadium on March 17, 2023 in Swift City, ERAzona (Glendale, Arizona). The city of Glendale, Arizona was ceremonially renamed to Swift City for March 17-18 in honor of The Eras Tour. (Photo by Kevin Winter/Getty Images for TAS Rights Management)
Taylor Swift and Post Malone are in charge of the Hot 100 again this week. The two musicians debuted their single “Fortnight” at No. 1 on the ranking last frame, and this period, it earns a second stint atop the tally. The song is able to keep its control over the competitive tally, despite the fact that consumption of the tune is dropping precipitously.
“Fortnight” leads the Hot 100 again this week, refusing to move an inch. This is not unexpected, as the tune was a massive win upon its arrival on the chart last period. The song suffers a huge decline in both streams and sales, but that hasn’t hurt the title at all.
According to Billboard, “Fortnight” sold 6,000 copies in its second week of availability. That’s a healthy sum, but it’s a far cry from what it managed when it first dropped. Sales of the cut dropped by 68% from one frame to the next.
The same title didn’t fare too much better when looking at its performance on streaming platforms. In its second week, “Fortnight” racked up 38.2 million plays on platforms like Spotify and Apple
Apple
 Music. That’s a very impressive figure, but it’s actually down by 50% from its intro period.
“Fortnight” overperformed in its first week of availability, as did everything connected to Swift and her new album The Tortured Poets Department. Most songs wouldn’t be able to hold atop the Hot 100 after losing more than 50% of their sales and streams from one week to the next. The fact that the single earned such an enormous opening means that it can withstand such a decline…at least for the time being.
It’s not all bad news for “Fortnight” though. The single is up 7% when it comes to radio airplay, which also factors into a song’s position on the Hot 100. Swift and Malone’s collaboration earned a total of 33.3 million audience impressions across radio stations that put it into rotation.
“Fortnight” could remain at No. 1 on the Hot 100 next week, though there’s a much better chance that it will begin to fall in a few days. Competition for the throne may prove to be too powerful, even for Swift. Hits from the likes of Benson Boone, Teddy Swims, Shaboozey, Sabrina Carpenter, and Tommy Richman are all making a play for the top spot, and any of them could hit No. 1 soon.