By CLAUDIA SMITH FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  06:58, 28 August 2024   |  Updated:  06:58, 28 August 2024   
 3
View  comments
Heidi Klum pressed down her Golden Buzzer for San Quentin prison nurse turned singer Dee Dee Simon on Tuesday's two-hour episode of America's Got Talent.
Dee Dee, from Oakland, California, who worked as a nurse for 19 years in San Quentin, wowed the judges and the audience with her powerhouse voice. Before she took the stage, Dee Dee shared how things had changed at the prison since she has been on the show.
'When you drive through the gates, there's a no hostage policy,' Dee Dee said. 'You know when you go in you may not get out. When the inmates saw I was on AGT, it was like the Super Bowl is happening!'
Dee Dee said her mother always told her to go after her dream. She took the stage and sang 'Lose Control' by Teddy Swims and was so into it that she even kicked her shoes off during her performance. 
Heidi, 51, was moving to the beat and appeared enraptured by Dee Dee from the start. The judges gave her a standing ovation, and Howie Mandel, 68, had his shoes in his hands by the end of the performance.
Heidi Klum pressed down her Golden Buzzer for San Quentin prison nurse turned singer Dee Dee Simon on Tuesday's two-hour episode of America's Got Talent on NBC
'She knocked Howie's shoes off,' host Terry Crews, 56, said.
Simon Cowell, 64, said he loved moments where someone who isn't a full-time singer goes for it on the show.
'You just went for it,' Simon said. 'I love the moment when you kicked your shoes off and it went up a gear.'
'That was amazing,' Sofia Vergara, 52, said. 'You are a star tonight.'
'The range, the tone in your voice,' Heidi said. 'You look so stunning tonight, but I feel like something is missing. Like a belt, a ring, something gold.'
Heidi then reached up and hit the Golden Buzzer as it was her turn this week to send an act straight to the finals.
Dee Dee jumped around in celebration as the golden confetti fell around her. Heidi ran to the stage and hugged her.
'You are going to the finals,' Terry said.
Dee Dee, from Oakland, California , who worked as a nurse for 19 years in San Quentin, wowed the judges and the audience with her powerhouse voice
Howie Mandel , 68, had his shoes in his hands by the end of the performance
'That was amazing,' Sofia Vergara, 52, said. 'You are a star tonight'
Heidi reached up and hit the Golden Buzzer as it was her turn this week to send an act straight to the finals
'Thank you so much!' Dee Dee said.
'You were the best in my eyes tonight,' Heidi said.
The season 19 episode, part three of the quarterfinals, opened with Menudo, a resuscitated Latin American boy band. They said they took Simon's advice and wanted to show their individual sides to the judges. They took the stage wearing colorful outfits and energetically sang about wanting to dance the night away in both English and Spanish.
'I felt like I was on a Saturday morning kids show on Telemundo,' Howie said critically.
'I thought you brought the party to AGT!' Heidi said. 'You are the perfect little boy band.'
'You guys are a lot of fun,' Sofia said. 'I can tell that you guys really love what you're doing. Your voices are still not the best voices in the world.'
Sam Huang, a magician from Taipei, Taiwan, went next. He asked Simon to join him on stage. He made a ring appear and then disappear off Simon's finger. He then seemed to make his own fingers move to different parts of his hand.
'I've got to hand it to you, you might be the first person who ever put a ring on Simon Cowell's finger,' Heidi said as Simon laughed.
Heidi ran to the stage and hugged her
'You were the best in my eyes tonight,' Heidi said
Sam Huang, a magician from Taipei, Taiwan, went next
'I think you have given yourself a really good shot of making it through to the final after that,' Simon said.
Howie said he was his favorite close-up magician.
The Reklaws, a brother-sister country duo from Canada, sang an original song called 'Long Live The Night.' They said before taking the stage they hoped their song would have people on their feet dancing by the end. The crowd was on their feet when they finished.
'There is something about you guys that I really like,' Sofia said.
Howie said he liked their last song better. Simon agreed and said this song didn't do what their first song did during auditions.
Sabrina, an 18-member young dancers group from Japan that performed with incredible precision, took the stage intent on wowing the judges with their fierce dancing skills. They moved in unison to the dramatic music.
The season 19 episode, part three of the quarterfinals, opened with Menudo, a resuscitated Latin American boy band
'They are awesome!' Sofia said. 'The music, the way you guys look, synchronicity.'
Simon said he thought they were great but thought they still had work to do. Howie told them that they deserve to be here.
'I feel your passion when you are on stage,' Heidi said.
Aerialist Kelsey Jane from Vegas, who was a dentist by day, said she came to AGT because she wanted more than just a normal life. She took the stage spinning high above, doing handstands and flips. She spun up in the air holding on with only one hand and then only with one leg. The audience gave her a standing ovation when she finished.
'I thought this was flawless what you did up there,' Heidi said.
Aerialist Kelsey Jane from Vegas, who was a dentist by day, said she came to AGT because she wanted more than just a normal life
Howie said he thought it could be a little more thematic. Sofia told her that she loved her and loved that she did very dangerous things. Simon said he knew dentists were 'loaded' so asked her why she wanted to do this.
'Because it's fun,' Heidi said.
'This is her dream,' Sofia said.
Nine-year-old singer Journeyy from Jersey City, New Jersey, went next. Before he took the stage, he knocked on Simon's trailer and got some advice from him. Simon told him to try something out of his comfort zone and then decided to add some high notes. Journeyy then sang Bob Marley's hit 'Three Little Birds' but made it his own version.
'There is something about you,' Simon said. 'You are such a sweet kid with such potential.'
Nine-year-old singer Journeyy from Jersey City, New Jersey, went next
Heidi said he was gutsy for doing that well-known song.
'I have to say, Journeyy, you are the best thing tonight,' Sofia said.
Howie called the youngster a superstar.
Learnmore Jonasi, originally from Zimbabwe, performed a stand-up comedy routine. He showed how he shipped pieces of his golden confetti to those who helped him along the way. He joked that after he got his Green Card, he felt so American because he also learned he had a gluten allergy. Simon and Sofia laughed.
'You are a funny person,' Sofia said.
'You are so likable,' Howie said. 'You're so physical. To be able to come from another country, a whole other culture and touch the funny bone of everybody in a totally different country of every age is magic.'
Heidi told him that he really lit up the stage.
Learnmore Jonasi, originally from Zimbabwe, performed a stand-up comedy routine
Maya Neelakantan, 11, from India, took the stage jamming her electric guitar playing heavy metal. She played a Metallica song and said she was the first on AGT that the band had given permission to play their song 'Master of Puppets.'
'Well done!' Heidi said.
'That was the most fun I've had tonight,' Sofia said.
Reid Wilson, 15, from Montgomery, Alabama, sang 'Almost Is Never Enough' by Ariana Grande. The judges gave him a standing ovation.
'You reminded me of your look like David Bowie,' Sofia said.
Simon said he agreed that singing would be his career.
'You've got real soul,' Simon said.
Jelly Boy the Clown, a danger act from Suffern, New York, closed out the show. During his act, he put a sword down his throat and then used it to lower himself onto the stage. 
Maya Neelakantan, 11, from India, took the stage jamming her electric guitar playing heavy metal
Reid Wilson, 15, from Montgomery, Alabama, sang 'Almost Is Never Enough' by Ariana Grande
Jelly Boy the Clown, a danger act from Suffern, New York, closed out the show
He then put another sword down his throat after eating a peanut butter and jelly sandwich and then showed everyone that there was peanut butter on the edge of the sword.
Simon said he liked the act because he would remember it tomorrow.
'I've never seen anything more horrific,' Sofia said while admitting that she liked it.
America's Got Talent will return on Wednesday on NBC with the results of viewer voting and three acts will advance to the season 19 semifinals.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group