December 9, 2024
8:00 AM
BET
In a year of social and political strife, music heads were given a place of refuge in trailblazing albums spanning hip-hop to country music. Beyoncé, Kendrick Lamar and Kaytranada re-emerged as the industry titans they’ve been for years. At the same time, Tyla, Doechiii, and Shaboozey staked their claim as artists who’ll see a dedicated following for years to come. Between their chart-topping hits and viral presence, also making waves on their long-awaited LPs were Lucky Daye and NxWorries, both of whom are up for R&B category nominations at the 2025 Grammys.
The last 12 months delivered innovative releases that we’ll revisit for years. As a 2024 recap, check out ten albums that invited listeners to escape, ponder and heal, also allowing artists to build momentum and expand their reach. 
For more of the year in Black, watch BET Year In Black on December 29th at 7/6c on BET.
SchoolBoy Q - Blue Lips
Continuing to put on for the West Coast, SchoolBoy Q rawly faces himself on his sixth studio album, Blue Lips. Five years since his last album, Crash Talk, Q goes from boisterous street anthems to unadulterated introspection across 19 tracks, redefining himself. Bringing their energy on the journey are guests Rico Nasty (“Pop”), Az Chike (“Movie”), Freddie Gibbs (“oHio”) and more, but it’s Q that remains the life of the party.
Tyla - Tyla
South African pop singer Tyla gives her homeland appeal a seductive twist on her self-titled first album. Although she won her first Grammy Award months before dropping an introductory album on Tyla, the vocalist proves she can make a bigger splash than “Water.” She taps Afro-R&B balladeer Tems for a women’s empowerment anthem on “No. 1.” She Likens herself to a “masterpiece” on the alluring “ART.” Tyla makes herself an international act to watch on a fresh and unforgettable LP.
Beyoncé - Cowboy Carter
Beyoncé returns and boldly brings her influence to country music on Cowboy Carter. Tipping her hat to southern artists of yesteryear and current-day, Beyoncé hits the saloon for “Texas Hold ‘Em,” gives a daring reinterpretation of Dolly Parton's classic “Jolene” and breaks new ground with country trap on “Spaghetti.” But make no mistake–Cowboy Carter doesn’t just reclaim country music for unsung Black pioneers; it paves the road for the genre’s inclusive future.
Lucky Daye - Algorithm
On his third album, Lucky Daye breaks out of the analog and into the Algorithm. Perhaps the R&B singer-songwriter’s most audacious LP yet, Lucky pushes the boundaries between soul and rock with enough confidence to do the unpredictable. He adrenalizes on “Soft,” recklessly going on the chase after a love interest, and admits that he’s falling hard. Teddy Swims matches Lucky’s soulful energy on “Blame,” both having the willpower to check their egos. Lucky pours his heart into Algorithm, exuding a maturity that puts the album in the Grammy running for Best R&B Album.
NxWorries - Why Lawd?
It’s the divorce album that Anderson .Paak didn’t want to make, but one that we all needed to hear. On the first NxWorries LP in eight years, the R&B crooner and sample-mastering beatmaker Knxwledge blend humor and heartbreak on standouts like the balmy “MoveOn” and the wounding “KeepHer” featuring Thundercat. Anderson takes his relationship woes from therapy to the recording booth, offering a timeless record that exhibits pure candor.
Doechiii - Alligator Bites Never Heal
Doechii goes straight from the swamp to the mainstream on her third proper mixtape. Delivering fiery bars against boom-bap hip-hop production, pop, and alt-R&B soundscapes, the Top Dawg Entertainment femcee presents self-assuredness on the highest level. On “Bullfrog,” she paces herself staunchly against a vibrating beat while daring other rappers to face off. She rides off on the trilling “Nissan Altima,” boasting her flyness and dismissing haters with ease. Put Doechii up against your best rhymer, and she’ll hold her own.
Shaboozey - Where I've Been, Isn't Where I'm Going
Shaboozey shoots from the honky-tonk into the stratosphere on his groundbreaking third album, Where I've Been, Isn't Where I'm Going. After collaborating with Beyoncé twice on her eighth studio album, Cowboy Carter, the Virginia native had more gas in the tank, breaking Billboard Hot 100 history with lead single “A Bar Song (Tipsy).” Even deep cuts like the progressive pop-folk of “Highway” and the soul-searching “Vegas” make Shaboozey country music’s new hero.
Kaytranada - Timeless 
Kaytranada can’t help but keep the party going. The Grammy Award-winning producer nabs the finest in hip-hop and R&B, along with his brother, Lou Phelps, for the natural DJ set structure of his third album, Timeless. Fellow Canadian artist Rochelle Jordan vocally flutters on the warmth of “Spit It Out.” Don Toliver slows it down on the intoxication of “Feel a Way.” Channel Tres burns out the dancefloor with the throwback energy of “Drip Sweat.” While Timeless collaborators bring their uniqueness to Kaytranada’s world, the producer ups the ante on his sound.
Kendrick Lamar - GNX
Kendrick Lamar returns to his California origins and brings rising talent to the top on GNX. On the 12-track LP, no two songs are the same, but the cohesion is unmistakable. Emotionally, Kendrick’s at his fiercest, confessing his frustrations involving the hip-hop scene and his imperfections. Bringing their narratives into the mix are West Coast rappers like Dody6 (“hey now”), Lefty Gunplay (“tv off”), while SZA joins Kendrick for two ballads, “luther” and “gloria.” On GNX, Kendrick’s already taken the crown; now he’s just going on a victory lap.
Tyler, the Creator - Chromakopia
Entering a new character era, Tyler, the Creator goes full force on his eighth studio album, Chromokopia. After stepping out of the confines of his heightened fame since winning two Grammy Awards for past albums, Igor and Call Me If You Get Lost, Tyler changes course and dives into his existential fears. While revisiting an unplanned pregnancy on “Hey Jane,” he struggles with his feelings but flawlessly switches to liveliness alongside Lil Wayne, Sexyy Red and GloRilla on “Sticky.” Tyler turns the dial-up and broadens the possibilities of hip-hop.
Trending Now
By clicking Subscribe, you confirm that you have read and agree to our Terms of Use and acknowledge our Privacy Policy. You also agree to receive marketing communications, updates, special offers (including partner offers) and other information from BET and the Paramount family of companies. You understand that you can unsubscribe at any time.
© 2025 Black Entertainment Television LLC. All rights reserved.