ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT
MITCHELL — As students in Anne Moege’s classroom gathered around a table earlier this week, their faces were a mix of nervousness, smiles and anticipation. They were there to talk about their experience as students in the English learner program at the Mitchell School District, and they are about to practice their English with a visitor.
They are quiet at first, but soon they are talking about the benefits and challenges of the program. Moege sits to the side listening while occasionally providing a little guidance to a student when a question proves to be a little challenging.
ADVERTISEMENT
But she is clearly proud of them.
“The growth has been amazing,” Moege said. “They are amazing kids, and they are appreciative and grateful for the opportunities. Even though they are ready for the school year to be over.”
Her comments bring a round of laughter from the students, some of whom have only been studying English for a year or less, showing they have learned much when it comes to understanding the language. And that’s the whole idea behind the program.
They hail from around the world. Christine Sumalpong is from the Philippines. Jilma Corado hails from Guatemala. Alexier Padilla is originally from Puerto Rico. Angela Yang is a native of China. They all arrived at the Mitchell School District with little to no experience with the English language and have since been enrolled in the district English learner program, helping them to acclimate both to a new hometown and a new language.
There are 166 such kindergarten through 12th grade students in the district, which includes English learners at the two Hutterite colony schools. And teachers like Moege and her classroom assistant, Hermalinda Sanchez, work to help these students get a grip on a language some are learning from the ground level up.
Like most students in the district, they spend most of their time in traditional classrooms, learning subjects like math and history. But they all orbit a classroom like Moege’s, where they can receive some extra attention in learning a language that can be 
    
      notoriously difficult to master
    
       while simultaneously being regarded as the worldwide language of science and academia.
Courtney Ehkle has her classroom at L.B. Williams Elementary School. There she hosts students similar to the ones in Moege’s classroom, only younger. She is an English language instructor for students in kindergarten through fifth grade at both L.B. Williams and Longfellow Elementary School.
ADVERTISEMENT
With five years in her role, she is the longest tenured full-time instructor of her kind in the district. She has seen the program grow since its inception, and she welcomes new students to the program on a regular basis. When a new student arrives, their integration process begins as it does for all students, with student registration, be it online or in person.
“Every single student who enrolls in Mitchell, or across the whole nation, you have to fill out a home language survey so we get a better picture of who these students are and if we think they are an English learner," Ehlke said.
Students are evaluated in their ability to speak, write, read and understand English. If deemed necessary, they are connected to the English language learning program. After acclimating the student and family to the school, the student begins their studies.
English is the primary language spoken in her classroom, and she does not speak another language fluently.
“I only speak English. I do not speak Spanish, and that’s often a misconception as an EL teacher. The students are in mainstream classrooms pretty much the whole day, but they may come here to get some specific learning language instruction from me for 30 to 60 minutes at the elementary level,” Ehlke said.
Immersion is one of the main tools of the program. While they may not be proficient in the English language, young students in elementary school are often learning the same basics as their peers. Letters, numbers and other tenants of language are also taught to native English speakers in the same classrooms.
Every student learns in different ways and at a different pace, but progress usually begins quickly and improves with every passing year.
ADVERTISEMENT
“Our goal for any EL student is to become a proficient English speaker in five to seven years. Typically, after around five or six years they are considered proficient, but it can depend on the family background and how involved the family is and what their education level was outside the United States. A lot of factors play into it. Usually by year three and you’re conversing with them, you’d have no idea,” Ehlke said.
There are challenges, but teachers like Ehlke and her colleagues in mainstream classrooms work together to make sure the students can thrive. Digital translation apps like Talking Points and See Saw have come a long way from the sometimes hit or miss early days of Google Translate, and Ehlke uses both when needed.
The district has a staffer who can provide translation services for making calls to parents who may not speak English at home, and translators are available for events like parent teacher conferences.
Sarah Timmer, the curriculum director for the Mitchell School District, said there is also a budding partnership between the district and Dakota Wesleyan University and its foreign students studying in Mitchell.
“We’re beginning a partnership with the DWU soccer team, because they have a lot of international players. We ask the coaches what different languages they speak, and if we need to reach out to them would they be available to help?” Timmer said.
Students who have advanced in the program are sometimes also asked to help with new students who may just be getting acclimated to their new environment. Having a fellow student who speaks the same native language can provide a level of comfort as well as open up opportunities to meet their fellow classmates.
If the school has a past connection with a parent who speaks a particular language, they will sometimes reach out to them to ask for help with a new arrival in the district. In many cases, those parents may even already know the new family and jump on board to help with translation when they are able.
ADVERTISEMENT
As with many learning challenges, there can be frustrations, and sometimes even tears when a student is struggling. In those situations, instructors turn to actions that easily cross language boundaries.
“We’ll do something universal, like give them a teddy bear, just to let them know we care about them even though they’re in a new world,” Timmer said.
Then there is the challenge of learning in classrooms outside their home EL classroom. For students just learning English, it can be difficult for teachers to know if they are struggling with a math lesson because of the language barrier or because the concept being taught is challenging.
“That’s where I step in and try to help with strategies for teachers and how best to serve those needs. (The students) come to my classroom and work on those academic language skills. They’re seeing and hearing in the classroom, but they need a bit more instruction,” Ehlke said.
It takes work from both the instructors and the students, but the fruits of their labor becomes evident the more they put work in.
A series of paper cutouts resembling fish with student names on them adorns the wall in Ehlke’s classroom, and as her students progress in their English proficiency, she moves each fish a little farther to the right along a scale of one to five to indicate their progress. It’s a cute, colorful display, but it means a lot to her and her students.
“Every student has a fish and they are swimming toward proficiency,” Ehlke said. “They know that everybody learns English at different times, so we talk about how everyone is going to swim and get to that five at a different level. They love it, come May, when I can move their fish from the beginning of the year and how far it swims toward the five.”
ADVERTISEMENT
Moege’s students share how the program has helped them in their new home.
Most of these students were not part of the program during their elementary years, with several having arrived in Mitchell in middle school or high school. But they study and work just like their younger counterparts and several volunteer their opinions about the program.
“Sometimes it’s hard, but most of the time I really enjoy the class,” Corado, a senior at Mitchell High School, told the Mitchell Republic. “It helps me understand.”
Corado, who has been in Mitchell for about three years and enjoys art classes, speaks softly but communicates well, and has shown her growth in her regular classes. She recently completed a project for her sociology class where she had to speak in front of her fellow students.
That can be a stressful moment for any student, Moege said, but Corado earned high praise from her teacher on the project.
“Her teacher called her a rock star and said she did excellent,” Moege said.
Coardo and her fellow English learner Carlos Morales both chip in and help with translation in Moege’s classroom when needed, something for which the former French minor in college is grateful. Like Ehlke, for the most part, English is the dominant language in Moege’s classroom.
ADVERTISEMENT
Padilla, a sophomore with an easy smile, arrived in Mitchell about four years ago and has been working on his English ever since.
“When I got here, it was horrible. It was bad until eighth grade. I started learning more English and making friends,” Padilla said. “It was hard at the beginning, but then I just told myself if I don’t learn how to talk I’m not going to make friends for the rest of the year.”
The students all agreed that pronunciation and spelling in English is tough, but Moege, who Padilla described as “nice” and “funny” and Sanchez both make sure they are there to help as needed.
Moege is busy with her duties at both the high school and middle school, so she said she was grateful for Sanchez, who is in her third year assisting with the English language program in Mitchell. A native of Mexico, Sanchez lived in Idaho for many years before moving to Mitchell, where her own children attended school.
“I’m so proud of these kids,” Sanchez said. “Some don’t have anything to start with besides the school. When I come to work with these students I feel so bad because I was in those shoes 30 years ago. Now I see the difference, and it’s not only in school. It’s outside. It’s everywhere. At home, where they work. It’s everywhere.”
The lessons go beyond language. Some students come to Mitchell under difficult circumstances. Some may not have academic transcripts or are living with extended family when they arrive. Moege and Sanchez take all that into account in making their students feel comfortable.
English language proficiency is the goal, but Moege said teaching students to embrace the opportunities and possibilities at Mitchell High is important as well. That includes taking part in extracurricular activities and graduation. She hopes in the future the program can develop more consistent staffing, again pointing to people like Sanchez as invaluable to the program.
The students have made an impact on her, as well.
“Everyday I really enjoy working with them. Seriously, the amount of growth from the beginning of the year until now (is excellent). When I hear from teachers who say they stood up in front of the class and presented?” Moege said, turning to talk to her students. “Guys, this is something you need. You will have to talk to other people and I know you’re afraid to do this but you can do it.”
Joe Childs, superintendent of the Mitchell School District, said the district tries to give English language students the same close attention given to every other student in the system. And like Moege, he agrees that they continue to impress with their progress and their own contributions to the program by supporting fellow students and staff.
He’s seen it firsthand himself.
“I absolutely see it. Just the growth that they’ve made academically in acquiring the English language in general. And what may be the most rewarding is how helpful they’ve been in moving the program along, or helping incoming students navigate the things they had had trouble with,” Childs said.
He also cites student-centered organizations like the 
    
      Connections Club
    
       in helping boost the program.
The program now has 2.5 full-time equivalents in instructor roles, which is a good start, Childs said, but the district will continue to make adjustments as needed to best serve those students. Maybe that will come in the form of more teachers, or perhaps more translation services. As the demographics of the district continue to evolve, the district will do so as well, he said.
“We will continue to look for ways to be effective at what we do and place a premium on making sure students graduate with skills to be a contributing member of society,” Childs said.
Deb Olson, president of the Mitchell Board of Education, has a background in education that extends back decades. She recalled an aunt she had who had come to the United States from Germany during World War II. She said her aunt, who was in eighth grade at the time, had no EL teacher to lean on. Her aunt repeated eighth grade that year, likely due to the language barrier.
She sees that same need for English language instruction not only in Mitchell, but around the state.
“I think the English language learner program is extremely important in giving those students the boost they need to be successful in academics. When I left the district however many years ago, there was no EL support person, so this has grown,” Olson said.
The need for the program will continue, she said, and the district will continue to work to make sure students who need that extra help with language skills receive it.
“We have many workers coming to fill positions in our community, whether they be ag related or manufacturing positions, with all of those situations we have workers coming in to fill those, and I anticipate they are bringing their families and that we’ll see an increase, if the past is any indicator,” Olson said. “I anticipate we’ll have the same need only magnified in terms of support for teachers and students. It’s the way of the future, not just in Mitchell or Huron. It’s happening all over.”
ADVERTISEMENT