Fans of Sam Fender will be delighted at the news that he's heading out on a tour of the UK and Ireland later this year for the first time since 2022.
The singer-songwriter, known for his indie hits Hypersonic Missiles and Seventeen Going Under, will embark on the People Watching tour this December.
He'll play one night at the Co-Op Live in Manchester on December 6, as well as dates in Dublin, Leeds, Birmingham, London, Glasgow and of course his native Newcastle, the Daily Record reports.
READ MORE: Shawn Mendes, Raye and Teddy Swims set to perform at 2024 MTV EMAs in Manchester
General sale will kick off at 10am on Friday October 25, and you'll want to be fully prepared if you want the best chance of getting tickets.
Ticketmaster and AXS are two of the websites that will be selling tickets to see the Geordie rockstar when they go on sale this week, and the internet experts NetSpeed Canada say that there's one very important check you should do before 10am hits.
They said: "To avoid disappointment and missing out, we recommend that people sign up and make Ticketmaster and AXS accounts before the tickets go on sale.
"These tickets are going on sale at 10am on Friday morning, so we would advise people to be logged into their Ticketmaster and AXS accounts at least one hour before they go on sale."
Doing this before you join that ticket queue will ensure you don't waste any time trying to remember your login information when the tickets are in your basket.
If you enter your details wrong or run out of time, you risk being booted out and ending up right back where you started - so it's well worth taking a few moments to make sure your account is ready to go.
It can also be really beneficial to have your payment card at the ready, or make sure that you've got it linked up to your account.
The experts said: "If you’ve beaten the queue and you can purchase your tickets, you’ll usually be given a small window of around five minutes to enter your details.
"Please remember to have your payment information ready to enter. Ideally, have these saved on a document so you can easily copy and paste them."
And if you're buying for multiple people, it's best if two or three are in the queue - as this will boost your chances of getting your hands on those coveted tickets.
If you want ideas and inspiration to plan your next UK adventure plus selected offers and competitions, sign up for our 2Chill weekly newsletter here
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.