Host Ryan Seacrest will announce the "American Idol" Top 20 in a live three-hour episode on Sunday, April 14. The Top 24 Season 22 contestants sang for America's vote from Aulani, a Disney Resort and Spa in Hawaii over the past two nights. Grammy winner Tori Kelly and Grammy nominee Jelly Roll mentored the finalists and joined judges Luke Bryan, Katy Perry and Lionel Richie on the judges' panel.
ABC has confirmed more special guests will take the stage next weekend while four contestants are eliminated. Music stars Teddy Swims, Lauren Spencer-Smith and Paul Russell are all slated to perform.
SEE 'American Idol' Top 24: Who gave the best performance from Night 2 in Hawaii? [POLL]
Swims is a vocal powerhouse from Atlanta whose breakout Platinum single "Lose Control" sees his success climbing to new heights, garnering nearly 800 million global streams and reaching #2 on the Billboard Hot 100. Spencer-Smith is 2020 "Idol" alum who placed in the Top 20 on Season 18. Since then her debut album "Mirror" was released in 2023 and she has sold out her first headline tour. Russell is a singer, rhymer and multi-instrumentalist who signed to ARISTA Records in 2023. His independent anthem "Hallelujah" generated over 7.3 million Spotify streams and was followed up by the blockbuster single "Lil Boo Thang."
As the Top 20 contestants for Season 22 are announced they'll each perform for America's vote once more. Then, on Monday, April 15, the Top 10 will be revealed before the judges save four more contestants -- rounding out the Top 14.
Be sure to make your predictions to influence our reality TV racetrack odds. You can keep changing your predictions until just before the next episode airs on ABC. You’ll compete to win eternal bragging rights and a spot on our “American Idol” leaderboard. See our contest rules and sound off with other fans in our reality TV forum. Read more Gold Derby entertainment news.
SIGN UP for Gold Derby’s free newsletter with latest predictions
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…
Take a trip back to the Academy Awards ceremonies of the recent past with Gold Derby’s Oscars Playback series. Hosts Joyce Eng and Christopher Rosen recap every Oscar ceremony of the 1990s and 2000s. Joyce and Chris tackle the highs and lows of each show and see how the winners aged. It’s a wonderful night for Oscar, whenever you watch!

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media