He's currently strutting his stuff on live TV following the return of Strictly Come Dancing but Shayne Ward is set to appear on another show - alongside his real-life partner.
The actor and singer was seen making his dancing debut in the BBC One dance contest on Saturday night (September 21) alongside his professional dance partner Nancy Xu.
On the night, Shayne and Nancy were seen performing a Samba to Do I Do by Stevie Wonder wearing matching black sparkly outfits, hinting and the disco flavour they were bringing to the dance floor.
READ MORE: Ricky Hatton wants to 'throw phone in river' after being inundated with requests over famous pals
But as he prepares for his next live performance in week two of Strictly 2024 on Saturday (September 28), where they'll dance the Tango to The Door by Teddy Swims, it's been revealed that Shayne's acting return is imminent.
The former Coronation Street star, who played Aidan Connor in the ITV soap from 2015 to 2018, will appear in an episode of the BBC's daytime soap Doctors, in an episode called Shock Therapy, playing Kenny Webb.
Not only that, but Shayne's fiancée Sophie Austin, who previously played Lindsey Butterfield on Hollyoaks, will also play a character called Sandra Horner, according to The Sun.
The episode description, due for broadcast on October 3, says: "Luca introduces a friend to the joys and pitfalls of working for the NHS, while Holly continues trying to persuade Scarlett to join her livestream. Zara reveals the shocking truth about a patient’s recent behavioural changes."
It comes after it was announced last year that Doctors had been cancelled after more than 20 years on air, with filming concluding in March while episodes will continue airing until Christmas 2024.
A BBC spokesperson saying at the time: "We have taken the very difficult decision to bring daytime drama Doctors to an end after 23 years. With super inflation in drama production, the cost of the programme has increased significantly, and further investment is also now required to refurbish the site where the show is made, or to relocate it to another home. With a flat licence fee, the BBC’s funding challenges mean we have to make tough choices in order to deliver greater value to audiences."
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.