Thousands of people from all across the country flocked to a small town in Iowa for Hinterland 2024.
This music festival held in Saint Charles brought in some big names in the indie/country/pop space for some unforgettable performances.
One of those performers made a triumphant return to the festival stage on Friday, August 2nd.
Country star Orville Peck has been a fixture at the Iowa music festival for a few years now. The singer performed at Hinterland in 2021 and was set to return in 2023.
However, two months before his highly anticipated return to the three-day event, he announced he would be cancelling all of the rest of the shows for that summer.
"This was one of the hardest decisions I've ever had to make, but I've come to realize that my current mental and physical health won't allow me to bring you my best," the singer shared in his statement.
"...I have to take this time to replenish my mind and body so that I can come back stronger and healthier than before, in order to do what I love for many years to come."
Fans were excited to hear that he would be returning to Hinterland in 2024, and this masked cowboy did not disappoint!
On Friday, August 2nd the musician coincidentally dropped his latest record 'Stampede.' This album has been highly anticipated project for the South African singer.
Peck teamed up with some exciting artists for this duets record including Willie Nelson, Mickey Guyton, Teddy Swims, Noah Cyrus, and Debbii Dawson.
The later also performed on the Hinterland stage at around 2:15 PM that day. Dawson is a first-generation American raised in the rural Midwest. She dropped her sophomore project 'How To Be Human' last month.
During Peck's set, he shared thoughts on his new record and the people he got to work with.
"One of my favorite songs on the album that just came out today is a song with somebody that I'm sort of in awe of," the country singer said.
"She's really, really talented. [Debbii] has one of the best voices in the business."
Then he welcomed her back to the stage so they could sing their song 'Back At Your Door' for the first time ever live.
You can watch a clip from the world premiere performance down below!
Stay up to date with everything going on in Eastern Iowa and beyond by downloading the free station app from your app store.
Also, do not forget to follow the station across all social media platforms for the latest news and entertainment updates.
Gallery Credit: Stacker