It’s time for the biggest night in Country. The 58th Annual CMA Awards will air tonight, Wednesday, Nov. 20, and you will not want to miss a beat.
The good news is that it’s easy to watch the awards live. You can tune into ABC from 8/7c tonight, catching all the performances, wins, and more from the comfort of your home. It’s only airing live on ABC.
If you don’t get access to ABC, you’ll need to turn your attention to Hulu the following day. This is where you’ll be able to catch up on anything that you missed. Of course, the winners will be out there on social media, so watch out for spoilers if you don’t want to know.
Here's a look at all the nominees for tonight.
Luke Bryan and Peyton Manning are back to host the event. It’s Luke’s fourth time hosting and Peyton’s third time hosting. They’re joined by Lainey Wilson, who is making her hosting debut at the biggest event in Country.
They’ll take the stage in Nashville. Where else can you do something like this? It’s held at the Nashville Bridgestone Arena.
There are some great performers lined up for the night, including some reigning favorites and newer nominees to show off their skills. Yes, Luke Bryan and Lainey Wilson will take to the stage to perform as well as host. They’re joined by:
Dierks Bently Bronwyn Keith-Hynes Post Malone Sierra Hull Ashley McBryde Shaboozey Teddy Manning Chris Stapleton Kelsea Ballerini Brooks & Dunn Eric Church Riley Green Jelly Roll Molly Tuttle Luke Combs Cody Johnson Thomas Rhett Bailey Zimmerman Teddy Swims
Every year, someone is honored with the CMA Willie Nelson Lifetime Achievement Award. The 2024 recipient is going to be George Strait, who will be there to receive the honor in person. There will be a performance by several artists who deeply admire him before getting the award.
Of course, there are always celebrities from various genres of music, movies, and sporting events to present some of the awards. Tonight will see the following take to the stage:
Simone Biles Clint Black Jeff Bridges Jordan Davis Freddie Freeman Don Johnson Jackson Laux Little Big Town Dustin Lynch Katharine McPhee The Oak Ridge Boys Taylor Frankie Paul Carley Pearce Caleb Pressley Nate Smith Daniel Sunjata Mitchell Tenpenny Billy Bob Thornton
It's going to be an amazing night. Don’t miss the 58th Annual CMA Awards tonight, Wednesday, Nov. 20 on ABC starting at 8/7c.
Stay up to date with the latest TV news with Hidden Remote.
© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.