When the clock struck 7 p.m. and the lights began to dim, those in the Grand Ballroom knew this would be a night to remember.  
On Saturday EIU pride hosted its annual drag show featuring professional and student performers.  
The night began with an introduction from the host Annastasia Sparkz. After that, the real show began.  
The first half of the show was led by four professional drag performers: Ceduxion Carrington, Cain Able, Lulu Stiletto and Daéshaun Carrington. 
Carrington has been assisting and performing in the EIU pride drag shows since before 2020.  
“These rows [of seats] used to be filled, there used to be a spotlight in the back and everything but then COVID-19 hit,” said Carrington.  
When COVID-19 hit, the campus hindered all in person events and gatherings on campus, putting the drag show on a hiatus.  
 Ceduxion Carrington has been hard at work with EIU pride to revive the drag show and bring it back to its former glory.  
Showing off their skills of over 20 years, Ceduxion Carrington opened the show with a grand performance to “Never Enough”  by Loren Allred. 
Running off the theme of grand performer Ceduxion Carrington. Sand and danced to several songs from the musical “The Greatest Showman” like “This Is Me” by Keala Settle and “From Now On” by Hugh Jackman as well as “Circus” by Britney Spears while wearing a ringmaster outfit. 
Hitting the stage to “Lose Control” by Teddy Swims, Cain Able put on a show.  
Using the passion from the song’s lyrics, Able channeled those emotions and brought them to the crowd. Going through the rows of seats, dancing with the audience while taking tips, Able brought the heat to the grand ballroom.  
Royalty graced the stage for the third performance as Ms. Trans Tennessee made her way out.  
Lulu Stiletto’s strong performance drew a big audience reaction.  
It could have been the theatrics and dramatized stage presence that put her in the role of the artist or the running split she did in the middle of the aisle, but Stiletto’s performance kept the audience focused on her.  
Following Lulu Stiletto was Daéshaun Carrington.  
Stepping out in a sparkly blue and black tuxedo with a matching hat, Daéshaun Carrington embodied the slick and smooth energy of the songs they danced to.  
Singing to the audience and kissing their hands, Daéshaun Carrington put on a charming performance.
Freshman communication major Autumn D., who did not give their last name, decided to come out to the event to see what it had to offer and see some familiar faces.  
“I saw that it was happening. I’m like, I might as well join. I also have a couple friends who are gonna be in the performance, so I wanted to support them as well,” said Autumn. “I love this community, and I wanted to support it.” 
Senior mid-level education major Allie Worman, who was working the event, was able to enjoy the show from behind and in-front of the stage.  
“Honestly, I’ve never been to a drag show. I’ve never experienced one, even if I’m running it backstage,” she said. “The performers have been lovely, both behind the stage and on stage, and I just like to be involved more in the LGBTQ community.” 
For Autumn, this event was about unity and acceptance.  
“We’re currently in a political climate where the queer community is incredibly misrepresented and antagonized,” Autumn said. “So being able to put on these events and show that queer people are human just like the rest of us, it’s a very crucial part that we need to accept and see in modern day.”
After a brief intermission, the second half of the show alternated from professional to student performers.  
This event was the first time that all three students performed in a drag show.  
The first of the student performers was Dorian Devour whose performance mixed dark with dainty. 
Draped in a black gown, they cascaded around the grand ballroom and through the aisle to sweet talk guests with the lyrics they sang.  
Grabbing the last of their tips and making their way back on stage, Devour gave a final goodbye and received a huge applause from the crowd.  
Next up was Nina Caceres. 
Waking out with a smile and a strut, Caceres stole the audience’s attention with their performance of “Dangerous Woman” by Ariana Grande. 
Making their way around the ballroom, Caceres serenaded the audience. Singing to members of the crown, dancing with them and working the dance floor, Caceres commanded the stage 
The last student performer who made a lasting impression on all in attendance was Perry the Platypus from the Disney cartoon show “Phineas and Ferb. ”
With a guest appearance from Heinz Doofenshmirtz, Perry’s nemesis, guests were in for a treat. 
The enemies to lovers back to enemies trope that was portrayed on stage was paired with the ballad “Take Me to Church” by Hozier.  
Dropping to the floor and pleading with Doofenshmirtz, Perry the Platypus poured out their heart and left it on the stage. 
The poetic story Perry the Platypus told on stage through song and dance stuck with the audience members even after the performance.  
Graduate student Theo Edwards is the graduate advisor for EIU pride and played a big part in orchestrating the event.  
After planning and preparing for months, Edwards was glad it was over but even happier to see all the smiling faces dancing around in the grand ballroom after the show.  
“I think it went well. It definitely makes me very glad when people are like, ‘Oh my god I had so much fun,'” they said. “And I’ve been hearing that already of, like, that people had fun.”
For those interested in participating in next year’s event, reach out to EIU pride or go to its meetings on Mondays at 7 p.m. in the Martin Luther King Jr. University Union.  
Alexis Moore-Jones can be reached at 581-2812 or at admoorejones@eiu.edu.
The student news site of Eastern Illinois University in Charleston, Illinois.