There's a brand new festival in town this week! Soundhouse Winter Festival is an incredible celebration of Scottish talent from up and down the country, bringing some of the best names in Scottish music together for a five-day festival across various Edinburgh venues.
Running over the (very) long weekend from 28 November-2 December, there's headliner performances from award-winning rock musician Megan Black and punk rock icon Callum Easter performing with his band the Roulettes and indie folk soloist Iona Zajac.
There's also a merging of spoken word and music from previous Edinburgh Makar Hannah Lavery and musician Kate Young, a showcase of emerging jazz musicians including the Rosalind Orr Trio, TAO and C.A.L.I.E, and a performance by Edinburgh-based poetic psychedelic supergroup Acolyte. It's the most perfect, and perhaps only, cure for the seasonal blues we can think of.
SaluteKing Tut's, Glasgow. 30 Nov, 7:30pmVienna-born and UK-based producer Salute is one of the most exciting names coming out of British dance music. Influenced by the likes of Hudson Mohawke, their debut album True Magic is a deeply vibey concept album based on Japanese racing cars. Image: Lewis Vorn.
The Grave in Full VigourGenerator Projects, Dundee. Until 15 DecA solo show and collective reading event by Shetland-based artist Belladonna Paloma, The Grave in Full Vigour transforms the gallery space of Generator Projects into part-necropolis, part-reading room dedicated to exploring the divine and abject nature of the trans body. Image: Belladonna Paloma.
Microsteria X The Mirror DanceLeith Cricket Club, Edinburgh. 29 Nov, 8pmTwo of the coolest names in Edinburgh's nightlife finally meet: club night The Mirror Dance and experimental performance extravaganza Microsteria are co-throwing a party, with music and DJ sets by the likes of Sweætshops, Accident Machine, Al Gu (pictured), and Ann Tweak. Image: stuarttweediemedia.
Remi WolfBarrowlands, Glasgow. 29 Nov, 7pmCalifornian musician Remi Wolf is establishing herself as a big name in the alt pop scene. With notes of 1970s disco and 1960s funk and soul underlying her catchy choruses, her music somehow manages to be both comfortingly old school and deliciously fresh.
↪ Charli XCXThe OVO Hydro, Glasgow. 2 Dec, 6:30pmBrat summer will never die, no matter how cold it gets. Catch Charli XCX if you can scrounge a ticket for her extremely sold out show, or console yourself with one of several afterparties: cult classic at The Berkeley Suite or Shitepop x Rahul.mp3 at Stereo. Image: Club classics & B2B.
→ Fair SaturdayVarious venues, Scotland, 30 NovA much needed antidote to Black Friday, Fair Saturday is a global movement centring culture instead of consumerism. The Scottish programme includes open studios, a flea market at Out of the Blue and folk tales at the Scottish Storytelling Centre.
→ Treasure IslandRoyal Lyceum Theatre, Edinburgh. 28 Nov-4 JanRobert Louis Stevenson's classic tale becomes even more Scottish in this new festive production. On Christmas Eve, Jim Hawkins becomes embroiled in a pirate adventure that takes him to the Orkney Islands.