The Yorkshire DJ, producer and rave star told NME about what went into her Mercury-nominated album 'Silence Is Loud', and what she'll be bringing to R&L's new Chevron stage
Nia Archives has spoken to NME about her experience supporting Beyoncé, as well as her plans for Reading & Leeds 2024 and top tips for surviving a post-rave hangover.
The Yorkshire jungle and drum & bass star appeared on the red carpet at the launch of the Mercury Prize last week (Thursday July 25), where it was announced that she’d been shortlisted for acclaimed 2024 album ‘Silence Is Loud’ – facing off competition from records by the likes of Charli XCX, CMAT, Corinne Bailey Rae, The Last Dinner Party, Ghetts, English Teacher, Beth Gibbons, Barry Can’t Swim and more.
“I’m an overwhelmed, emotional junglist right now,” she told NME shortly after the announcement. “All the albums that have been nominated are amazing. It’s really cool to see a lot of Northern representation as well. I got to meet English Teacher and they seem like a really cool bunch. I’m in great company.”
While admitting that she’d “never say never” to an English Teacher collab, she also admitted that Charli XCX “definitely deserves” to win the Prize this year. “It’s ‘Brat summer‘!”
Nia Archives at the launch of the Mercury Prize 2024 (Photo by Ian West/PA Images via Getty Images)
Speaking of what went into her own record ‘Silence Is Loud’, the producer and DJ described it as “verbal diarrhoea of my life”.
“All my experiences from the last 24 years are there all in one,” she said. “I was trying to explore different themes like dysfunctional familial relationships, unrequited love, unconditional love and loneliness. That’s something I’ve dealt with a lot in my life, but I feel like a lot of people – especially post-lockdown – have experienced that as well.
“It was really important for me to explore my attitude as a songwriter, and also merge different genres together: like jungle and Britpop, jungle and punk, jungle and Motown. I got to go to Detroit last year and went to the Motown museum; that was so inspiring.”
Another highlight came when Nia Archives was invited to be the first opening act on Beyoncé’s ‘Renaissance’ world tour, supporting the icon with a DJ set in London last June.
“Beyoncé and junglism isn’t something you’d expect, but it did happen!” she recalled. “I was very, very grateful. It was definitely a once-in-a-lifetime experience.”
Did the pair get to hang out?
“I didn’t. I was so nervous that I don’t know if I’d have been able to deal with that rollercoaster,” she replied. “I found out the day before. But, if she ever wants to make jungle, I’m here and I’m waiting.”
A post shared by NME (@nmemagazine)
With a stacked summer ahead, Nia Archives is set to enjoy a high billing at Reading & Leeds festivals this month – performing on the ambitious new Chevron Stage.
With performances from the the likes of The Prodigy, Sonny Fodera, Skrillex, Denzel Curry, Barry Can’t Swim and Kenny Beats, the 40,000-capacity open-air venue will boast the world’s first outdoor floating LED video sky canopy, and has been created especially to host dance music, pop and hip-hop acts
“I’m really excited to bring my visual show to Reading & Leeds,” said Nia Archives. “I’ve got a lot of cool visuals: like this massive 3D head of myself with CP goggles, and lots of rave archive footage that I’ve collected over the years.
“I’m really excited to bring the junglist energy to Reading & Leeds.”
A post shared by Reading & Leeds Festival (@officialrandl)
And being no stranger to a rave, what are Nia Archives’ top tips for surviving the morning after?
“To be honest, the morning after actually starts with the night before – so I’d say prevention is definitely the way forward,” she revealed.
“If you’re having a drink, have tequila and soda water instead of lemonade. It’s all the sugar that gives you a hangover.”
She added: “I always eat a meal before I go to bed when I’ve been drinking, because that also gets rid of the hangover. The next day, open the curtains – because the darkness isn’t good for your mental health. Those are my tips!”
The winner of the Mercury Prize 2024 will be announced in September.
Reading & Leeds will return for the August Bank Holiday weekend. Tickets are on sale now here for Reading and here for Leeds.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.