Charli XCX fans were in for a surprise when they saw Jarvis Cocker spinning tracks from recent album Brat at a Glastonbury DJ set.
The electropop masterclass made waves on its release last month (June 7) and seems to have tickled the fancy of legendary Pulp frontman Cocker. He, alongside Alexis Taylor of Hot Chip, was seen playing songs from the new album at his Stonebridge Bar DJ set.
It has sparked hopes of a potentially wild collaboration between the Common People songwriter and dance music sensation Charli XCX. Even the Brat star seemed interested in Cocker's performance after commenting on an TikTok post of his DJ set, where he played Girl, So Confusing.
Glastonbury attendees and fans elsewhere were elated to see Cocker pull songs from the sixth studio album by the Grammy nominee. One TikTok showed the Disco 2000 and This is Hardcore hitmaker performing with Taylor, with Cocker branded a "brat" in reference to Charli XCX's latest record.
One user wrote: "The way I would have gone insane if I'd been there." Another added: "This has made my day." Some fans took to Twitter /X with a screenshot of Cocker's performance and suggested a collaboration between the Pulp frontman and Charli XCX. One tweet which has since had over 1,500 likes, read: "charli and jarvis collab WHEN PLZ."
Even Charli XCX left a comment on the viral TikTok, writing: "Omg I'm dead." Cocker is no stranger to collaborative efforts either, appearing on stage with The Jesus and Mary Chain at a gig in Taranto, Italy, before Pulp took to the stage. Previous collaborations have included Marianne Faithfull on her 2002 album Kissin' Time, Richard Hawley at The Leadmill last year and The Strokes on Reading's main stage in 2011.
Charli XCX has also provided some sensational collaborative works, including a recent pairing with Lorde to rework Brat track Girl, So Confusing. Cocker was heard playing Lorde tracks at his Glastonbury DJ set also.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.