The Hatchet is celebrating its 120th birthday
	

Are you human?

 Yes!



Email address: 
		


Most college students will cast their ballots in a presidential election for the first time this November. Seemingly now more than ever, politicians are capitalizing on Generation Z trends to market to young voters, from Vice President Kamala Harris’s campaign using Charli XCX’s “brat” album cover to former President Donald Trump appearing in podcasts with popular male streamers and figures. 
But the recent political campaign strategies that aim to drive younger voter interest in our presidential candidates also seem to take advantage of the growing voting gender gap among young people. Widening the political division between young men and women is a price too high just to win an election, and the threat of a deeper fracture between the voting blocs should awaken first-time voters to refocus their sights on policy and away from campaign strategy.
It’s no surprise that the Harris campaign used the “brat” typography on its X, formerly known as Twitter, account, adopted Beyonce’s “Freedom” as an anthem for her campaign and appeared via Zoom to talk with her old sorority. Yes, Charli XCX and the queen of the Beyhive are adored among many young adults, but the stars tend to target young women. Harris’ campaign embrace of feminine stars and trends ushers young women into politics as the candidate herself only sparsely mentions her own identity as a female presidential candidate compared to Hillary Clinton in 2016. 
Trump, on the other hand, recently appeared in a podcast alongside YouTuber Logan Paul and sat down for an interview with conservative streamer Adin Ross — influencers that are known for their hyper-masculine personas. Such appearances are sure to catch the attention of the social media stars’ mostly male audience, like when Trump talks wrestling or whether Paul can go up against Mike Tyson. This “boys being boys” content — as Paul described in his video when talking about a street fight — is guaranteed to captivate a young male audience.
These strategies attempt to make presidential candidates seem more approachable to young voters, which helps in the polls and on Election Day. In 2020, voter turnout spiked among young adult voters, which played a part in the highest turnout for any national election since 1900. Especially after concerns over President Joe Biden’s age toppled over his reelection bid, the focus on younger audiences comes as no surprise. And when we see Harris dancing to the tune of Charli XCX or Trump sitting down to talk UFC, it’s easy to get caught up in the relatability of it all. 
But these campaigns are leaning into the existing voting gender gap, which has only become more defined and divided in recent years. In a study conducted by the Harvard Institute of Politics, it polled people between the ages of 18 to 29, where 44 percent of young women identified as a Democrat and 18 percent identified as Republican, compared to 32 percent of men identifying as a Democrat and 29 percent identifying as Republican. And an August study by the New York Times/Siena College reported that among adult voters in some battleground states, the voting gender gap is widening, with up to 55 percent of women leaning or identifying as part of the Democratic party, compared to 38 percent of men. 
After social media’s recent infatuation with categorizing gender — take “girl dinner” or “girl math” versus “boy dinner” for example — these campaign strategies aren’t a surprise. But the strategies alienate other voting blocs in the process and prompt politicians and voters to look for more reasons to find divides. Yes, Trump may talk a whole lot about being a man and Harris may lean into the concept of sisterhood, but neither candidate are exclusive to one gender or experience. This is a presidential election, not a TikTok trend. No one is “for the boys” or “for the girls.”
Youth-directed campaigns and strategies, like using social media to reach out to larger groups of people, are needed and welcomed. And it makes sense that voters are likely to connect with politicians that try to relate to them. But social media trends and marketing strategies that focus solely on a candidate’s gender or interests are detrimental distractions. The policies of one of the presidential candidates will become a reality for all citizens after November. As such, we must put politics over personality and hope that the winning candidate will not just represent our own communities but all young Americans.
The editorial board consists of Hatchet staff members and operates separately from the newsroom. This week’s staff editorial was written by Opinions Editor Andrea Mendoza-Melchor based on discussions with Sports Columnist Sydney Heise and research assistant Carly Cavanaugh.