After Minnesota Gov. Tim Walz was announced as Kamala Harris’ running mate Tuesday the campaign began selling camouflage hats that read “Harris Walz” in the style of a similar hat sold by pop phenomenon Chappell Roan—marking the latest way the Democrats are embracing internet trends in their campaign.
Democratic presidential candidate, Vice President Kamala Harris, and Democratic vice presidential ... More candidate Minnesota Gov. Tim Walz appear on stage together during a campaign event on Aug. 6.
The Harris team is marketing the hat, which retails on the Harris-Walz site for $40, as “the most iconic political hat in America,” and a campaign official told The Washington Post it sold out in a half-hour—though it was available for preorder as of Wednesday afternoon.
The merchandise is almost identical to a trucker hat sold by Roan—a 26-year-old pop star from Missouri who has enjoyed a meteoric rise to fame in recent months—that reads “midwest princess,” referencing her album “The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess.”
Hester Leyser, director of strategic planning for mobilization for the Democratic National Committee, all but confirmed the merchandise was based on Roan’s hat and branding, saying on X, formerly known as Twitter “for all the midwest princesses out there – you asked, we answered.”
Walz even tweeted a picture of himself wearing the hat after his first rally with Harris on Tuesday with a link to the campaign store and the caption: “Capping off the night.”
Roan responded to the hat, which was all over social media Tuesday and Wednesday, saying “is this real.”
Get Forbes Breaking News Text Alerts: We’re launching text message alerts so you'll always know the biggest stories shaping the day’s headlines. Text “Alerts” to (201) 335-0739 or sign up here.
This isn’t the first time the Harris campaign has used something of Roan’s. In late July, Harris’ team used Roan’s song “Femininonenon” in a TikTok comparing Harris and Trump. Billboard reported the campaign’s use of the song boosted its streams by 19% from the week prior.
Shortly after President Joe Biden left the race and endorsed Harris’ presidential run, her campaign embraced a surge of social media memes about her. The official @BidenHQ campaign X account quickly rebranded to @KamalaHQ and changed its cover photo to look like Charli XCX’s “brat” album artwork, with “kamala hq” in all lowercase in front of a chartreuse background. Charli XCX has been marketing the album by saying it’s a “brat summer”—which she said is about “being confident, putting yourself out there, being out, being about, being the center of attention”—and a number of other politicians and businesses like the United Kingdom’s Green Party and New York’s Metropolitan Transportation Authority have adopted “brat”-style marketing. The singer herself has since endorsed Harris’ use of the branding, tweeting shortly after she took over for Biden: “kamala IS brat.” The campaign has also embraced sillier memes of Harris, including fan edits of her viral quote, “You think you just fell out of a coconut tree? You exist in the context of all in which you live and what came before you.” Other Democrats began using coconut emojis and palm tree imagery to indicate support for Harris, and the @KamalaHQ account changed its X bio to: “Providing context,” seemingly nodding to the quote.
Whether Roan, who is an icon for the LGBTQ+ community, joins the growing list of celebrities who have endorsed Harris and Walz. In June, Roan turned down Biden’s invitation to perform at the White House for a pride celebration, saying at the New York Governors Ball festival (where she performed instead), “we want liberty, justice, and freedom for all. When you do that, that’s when I’ll come.” She continued: “That means freedom and trans rights, that means freedom and women’s rights, and it especially means freedom … for all oppressed people in occupied territories,” apparently referring to people in Gaza.
One Community. Many Voices. Create a free account to share your thoughts. 
Our community is about connecting people through open and thoughtful conversations. We want our readers to share their views and exchange ideas and facts in a safe space.
In order to do so, please follow the posting rules in our site's Terms of Service.  We've summarized some of those key rules below. Simply put, keep it civil.
Your post will be rejected if we notice that it seems to contain:
User accounts will be blocked if we notice or believe that users are engaged in:
So, how can you be a power user?
Thanks for reading our community guidelines.  Please read the full list of posting rules found in our site's Terms of Service.