The first major headliner for Parklife Festival 2025 has been announced. This morning, Charli XCX has been confirmed as one one of the headliners along with a host of others names ahead of the full lineup reveal in January.
Returning to Manchester's Heaton Park on the weekend of June 14-15, 2025, the announcement of Avant-pop and electronic superstar Charli XCX is a major coup for the festival, with the singer and performer having become one of the most-talked-about stars of the last 12 months - solidified by her latest album, 'Brat'.
Ahead of the full lineup reveal in January, when the next headliners will be announced, Parklife have announced some of the other acts taking to the stage across the weekend. Confidence Man, DJ Heartstring, Salute presents True Vision, Interplanetary Criminal, and Antony Szmierek have also been confirmed.
READ MORE: When do Parklife 2025 tickets go on sale as first headliners to be confirmed this week
They'll be joined by Prospa, Ki/Ki, Girls Don’t Sync, Bakey, sim0ne, and Chaos In The CBD. Jodie Harsh and Gina Breeze will also perform at Heaton Park next June.
The news of Charli XCX's Parklife 2025 headline slot comes as the singer announced she will headline Victoria Park day festival LIDO in London next June. Helping to curate the lineup, it will be titled 'party girl' and will feature plenty of Brat collaborators.
She'll headline the festival on Saturday, June 14 alongside Bladee, The Japanese House, The Dare, 070 Shake, Kelly Lee Owens and A.G. Cook. This means she is most likely to play the Sunday headline slot at Parklife on Sunday, 15 June.
On Friday (November 22), bright green posters with 'PL25' plastered across them started popping up in Manchester city centre. This prompted some music fans to speculate the first headliner may be global star Charli XCX, whose most recent album Brat features the same shade of green.
Always seeing huge demand, tickets for Parklife 2025 will go on general sale Friday, 29 November at 10am. There will also be a couple of presales earlier this week.
Three customers can download the Three+ app and buy tickets from 10am Tuesday, 26 November. Meanwhile, there will be a limited exclusive presale available for those signed-up via the Parklife website on Thursday, 28 November at 10am.
Weekend tickets will be £135 and prices but organisers have said that prices will rise in January. Day tickets will be available once the full lineup is revealed in January too for £89.50.
For 2024, weekend tickets were priced at £129.50 plus booking fee while weekend VIP was £169.50 plus booking fee. Day tickets were priced at £79.50 plus booking fee, while VIP general admission for each day was priced at £115 plus booking fee.
This year, and marking the start of the UK festival season, those attending Parklife 2024 were treated to headline set from American rapper and singer, Doja Car, as well as electronic duo Disclosure and pop royalty Sugababes. Global producer Kaytranada and chart topper Becky Hill also hit the stage.
To register for the presale, festival information and ticket options, head to the Parklife website here.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.