ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
HOLLYWOOD, CALIFORNIA - MARCH 10: Billie Eilish attends the 96th Annual Academy Awards on March 10, ... More 2024 in Hollywood, California. Billie Eilish joined Charli XCX on the remix of her tune "Guess," and it instantly brings the two singers to the top spot on three of Billboard's dance and electronic charts. (Photo by Sarah Morris/WireImage)
Billie Eilish is already one of the most famous musicians on the planet. She’s easily one of the top performers in the United States, and she regularly ascends on the charts when she delivers new music. At this point, she has collected plenty of top 10 smashes and even a number of No. 1 rulers, but there’s still room to grow, even for someone as massively successful as she is.
This week, Eilish hits No. 1 on three Billboard charts. The Grammy champion teamed up with Charli XCX for the remix of her song “Guess,” which became a global sensation once Eilish became involved.
“Guess” reaches the top spot on a trio of tallies in the U.S. this frame. It debuts atop one of them, and rises to the summit on the other two.
It’s worth noting that on two charts, “Guess” was already present before the Eilish remix was released. It shoots to the top spot thanks to her involvement, and because her version is the most popular, she earns credit on the cut.
“Guess” debuts atop the Dance/Electronic Streaming Songs chart this week. The tune has never ranked among the most-streamed dance and electronic tunes in the country, despite its early success on other tallies.
The same single rises to No. 1 on two other, related rankings. “Guess” is the new ruler on both the Hot Dance/Electronic Songs and Dance/Electronic Digital Song Sales charts. On the former, it jumps from No. 16, while on the latter, it only had to step up from No. 4.
“Guess” marks Eilish’s first hit—not just No. 1 or top 10—on all three charts. She has created music that could be described as electronic in the past, but Billboard has classified her tunes as either rock or pop, for the most part.