Katherine Huggins
Vice President Kamala Harris leaned into Charli XCX’s “Brat” green as she kicked off her presidential campaign on Sunday—and her fans can’t get enough of it.
The new X account representing her campaign displays a lime green banner with “kamala hq” written in lowercase. The shade and the font mirror the latest studio album by English singer Charli XCX.
The singer seems to have no problem with Harris taking inspiration from her, writing on Sunday: “kamala IS brat.”
kamala IS brat
The launch of the KamalaHQ X account came the same day that President Joe Biden announced he was dropping out of the 2024 race and would back Harris to succeed him as the Democratic nominee.
And Harris already appears to be leaning into memes and themes that may appeal to younger voters.
In addition to using the Brat green, Harris’ campaign bio simply states “providing context,” a reference to the coconut tree meme that has followed her since 2023, when she quoted her mother asking “‘You think you just fell out of a coconut tree?’”
“You exist in the context of all in which you live and what came before you,” Harris said at the time.
Harris’ early campaign branding choices are thrilling young fans.
“brat vote secured,” quipped 27-year-old Rep. Maxwell Frost (D-Fla.) in response to Charli XCX’s post.
“if kamala sells merch that says ‘coconut tree’ in the brat font she’ll raise 1 mil in under 24 hours easy,” joked one person.
“Absolutely LIVING for the fact that some gen z digital staffers clearly had to explain the importance of this specific shade of lime green to a bunch of ops today,” another person wrote alongside screenshots of the “Brat” green shade.
“brat kamala is the real dark brandon,” quipped someone else.
CNN political commentator Alyssa Farah Griffin weighed in with a joke of her own as well, writing: “electoral politics [+] brat summer. My skill sets finally collide.”
The Harris-Brat crossover has also drawn a range of Brat-style video edits and memes from supporters, which first began after Biden’s poor debate performance last month. 
If Kamala Harris doesn’t come out at the convention to the Brat Coconut Tree remix is it really worth it? pic.twitter.com/k1cEzZTSk7
The 2024 Presidential Debate pic.twitter.com/L6DoEghFTq
And some Democrats are convinced that Charli XCX’s endorsement of Harris will spur young voters’ support.
“The amount this single tweet may have just done for the youth vote is not insignificant,” wrote David Hogg.
“this tweet will reach more young people than a million dollar cable ad,” echoed one progressive staffer.
“this tweet is worth more than biden’s endorsement,” joked someone else.
Internet culture is chaotic—but we’ll break it down for you in one daily email. Sign up for the Daily Dot’s web_crawlr newsletter here. You’ll get the best (and worst) of the internet straight into your inbox.
Trump admits he based deporation of Kilmar Abrego Garcia on picture that isn’t real
EXCLUSIVE: Conservative PAC raked in donations from Hindus—then trashed them after the checks cleared
‘We need a new flood’: Lindsey Graham tells Catholics to get behind Trump for Pope push
Pete Hegseth accidentally blasts Rubio, Noem as woke feminist lefties while repealing their Pentagon initiative
Share this article
TAGS 
Katherine Huggins is a New York-based journalist and freelance contributor to the Daily Dot’s tech and politics section.