By CHLOE LOUISE FOR MAILONLINE  
 Published:  21:55, 29 February 2024   |  Updated:  08:38, 1 March 2024   
 41
View  comments
Vick Hope ensured all eyes were on her as she arrived at the British GQ and Christian Louboutin dinner on Thursday in a red leather minidress. 
The TV presenter, 34, sent pulses racing as she put on a leggy display in the ruby dress which she teamed with a matching oversized red leather jacket. 
Vick joined the likes of Charli XCX, Jessie Ware and Dizzee Rascal for the swanky soiree at celebrity hotspot Chiltern Firehouse in London. 
Finishing off her gorgeous ensemble, Vick stepped out in a pair of black strappy heels from the designer and a black bag.
To accessorise, she kept it simple with silver hoop earrings and a black and silver bracelet.
Vick Hope ensured all eyes were on her as she arrived at the British GQ and Christian Louboutin dinner on Thursday in a red leather minidress  
The TV presenter, 34, sent pulses racing as she put on a leggy display in the ruby dress which she teamed with a matching oversized red leather jacket 
Vick joined the likes of Charli XCX, Jessie Ware and Dizzee Rascal for the swanky soiree at celebrity hotspot Chiltern Firehouse in London 
Charli XCX, meanwhile, showed off her edgy sense of style in a black biker jacket. 
The Boom Clap singer, 31, opted for the Noughties-inspired jacket as she joined the brands to celebrate music and style.
She paired her fabulous garment with a pair of flared black trousers and black leather pointed stilettos.
To accessorise, Charli donned a chic black leather day and silver diamond earrings.
Charlie - whose real name is Charlotte Emma Aitchison - pulled her look together with a bold wet-look hairdo and a cat-eye makeup look.
Also looking fabulous in red for the event was Jessie Ware, who commanded attention in a floor-length max dress.
The 39-year-old singer was the epitome of chic as she donned an elegant red dress which featured feathered layers and a sheer neckline.
She kept her look trendy with a pair of colourful statement earrings, a black clutch and a pair of strappy black heels.
Vick arrived in style in a BMW and showed off her long legs as she headed out of the car and into celebrity hotspot, Chiltern Firehouse 
The TV star appeared in high spirits as she tottered into the event in her £690 Louboutin heels 
Charli XCX (left) showed off her edgy sense of style in a black biker jacket as she joined Vick for the dinner 
The Boom Clap singer, 31, opted for the Noughties-inspired jacket as she joined the brands to celebrate music and style
Charli paired her fabulous garment with a pair of flared black trousers and black leather pointed stilettos
She wore Louboutin heels with the signature red soles visible as she headed into the event 
Charlie - whose real name is Charlotte Emma Aitchison - pulled her look together with a bold wet-look hairdo and a cat-eye makeup look
Vick accessorised the look with a black clutch bag 
To accessorise, she kept it simple with silver hoop earrings and a black and silver bracelet
British GQ’s Head of Editorial Content, Adam Baidawi and fashion designer Christian Louboutin hosted the intimate dinner.
Celebrating excellence in music and style, guests in attendance included Adam Baidawi, Christian Louboutin, AJ Tracey, Asake, Adekunle Gold, Will Kennard and Sault Milton (Chase & Status).
Also at the glitzy event, Kenya Graze, Maisie Peters, Headie One, Caroline Polachek, Tiffany Calver, Yungblud, Grace Carter, Eve, Dizzee Rascal, K Trap, Sheila Atim, Honey Dijon, Ghetts, Strandz.
Vick's evening out comes after she returned to Countdown this week to present Dictionary Corner.
The TV presenter,took to Instagram and shared a series of stunning snaps of herself on the famous set.
Alongside the post, she wrote: 'Vicktionary Corner is back!!! Tune into Countdown on @channel4 every day this week at 2:10pm as I join Susie, Colin & Rachel in Dictionary Corner. Oooooh I ABSOLUTELY BLOODY LOVE WORDS!!!!'
Vick has presented the Dictionary Corner in the past when Susie Dent has been absent. 
The TV star is married to DJ Calvin Harris, with the pair tying the knot in Northumberland in September 2023. 
Also looking fabulous in red for the event was Jessie Ware, who commanded attention in a floor-length max dress
The 39-year-old singer was the epitome of chic as she donned an elegant red dress which featured feathered layers and a sheer neckline
She kept her look trendy with a pair of colourful statement earrings, a black clutch and a pair of strappy black heels
Jessie looked effortlessly stylish as she headed to the party in her chiffon number  
Dizzee Rascal gave  the thumbs up as he headed into the event 
Dizzee , 39, rocked a baseball cap and bomber jacket to the fancy event 
Grace Carter kept it simple in an all black dress and matching court shoes 
 Eve and Maximillion Cooper posed for the cameras as they headed inside 
 Christian Louboutin and Adam Baidawi , Deputy Global Editorial Director of GQ Magazine, attended the dinner 
Yungblud aka Dominic Harrison arrived in his punk rock outfit 
Emily Roberts, Abigail Morris, Aurora Nishevci and Georgia Davies cut serious figures as they posed 
Vick's evening out comes after she returned to Countdown this week to present Dictionary Corner 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group