Are you in your Brat Era? If you're not, you best buckle up because fans think Charli XCX and Taylor Swift are working together on a new project.
The artists' relationship dates back to Taylor's 'Reputation' tour in 2018 which saw Charli XCX join the singer on the road as one of her openers. Now, the 'Eras Tour' singer could be collaborating with Charli on a track from her wildly-successful album 'Brat', say fans.
Singer-songwriter Charli teased a remix of her song ''Sympathy is a knife" in her recent interview with Vulture, and fans think she could be bringing Taylor onto the track.
Taylor has long been associated with the song by fans, thanks to lyrics like 'This one girl taps my insecurities" and "Don’t wanna see her backstage at my boyfriend’s show". For context, Charli is engaged to The 1975 drummer George Daniel and Swift was previously linked to the band's frontman Matty Healy.
Now, Charli — who says her songs speak to "how it’s so complicated being an artist, especially a female artist, where you are pitted against your peers" — has shared telling new lyrics acknowledging the difficulty of being the woman "on top".
As per Vulture, her song's new verse states: "It’s a knife when you’re finally on top … / They want to see you fall." The interview also features new comments from Taylor in which she heaps praise on Charli. "Her writing is surreal and inventive, always," Swift tells the publication. "She just takes a song to places you wouldn’t expect it to go, and she’s been doing it consistently for over a decade. I love to see hard work like that pay off."
Unsurprisingly, the interview has left fans wondering if Taylor and Charli might work together on the remix. Sam Murphy, a music critic and content creator, is one such fan who thinks a collaboration is likely. In a popular post on TikTok shared as @popsamcam, Sam explained: "I have denied and denied the possibility of this happening, but I think it is becoming increasingly likely that we're going to get a Charli XCX and Taylor Swift collab."
"In this new profile for New York magazine, a lot of the feature spends time talking about the track 'Sympathy is a knife' which is kind of weird because the song has not been one of the ones that has really taken off off Brat," Sam claimed.
"She does play the interviewer a new version of the song. This kind of confirms that she is working on something for it, but it doesn't really confirm Taylor's involvement," the critic notes. "But people have noticed that photos from the feature have Charli XCX friendship bracelets which has obviously become the statement piece of the Eras Tour for Taylor."Sam added: "I kind of think this fits Taylor's timeline that she's in right now because Charli supported her on the Reputation tour, the next re-release is rumoured to be Reputation (Taylor's Version). It could line up perfectly that either Taylor is featured on 'Sympathy is a knife' (...) or Charli is featured on one of the Vault tracks on 'Reputation'".
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.