Last Kamala cookies of the night! Rosalia D’Acquisto / Daily Nexus
If you just took a two-month social media cleanse, you are probably quite confused at the “Kamala Brat Summer” videos flooding your TikTok “For You” page. On June 7, 2024, British pop singer Charli XCX released her newest album “BRAT” which sparked the “brat summer” revolution across social media. 
After the release of her revival album, Charli XCX took to X to endorse Kamala Harris, knighting Madame Vice President by stating, “Kamala IS brat.” The Harris campaign ran with this opportunity to connect with Gen Z voters and it has been nothing short of a success. Gen Z creators across TikTok and Instagram never cease to impress me with their creativity. I mean, who comes up with a “Mario Kart” Coconut Mall Kamala Harris remix? 
During one evening last week, as I unwound in bed scrolling through Instagram, I stumbled upon @ivdripcookie’s latest video promoting their new green “Brat Summer” sugar cookies featuring Vice President Kamala Harris. It was 9:20 p.m., and when my friend and I looked up I.V. Drip’s hours, we realized they were rapidly approaching closing at 9:30 p.m. We decided we had to have some. Almost levitating to the car, we made it to I.V. Drip at about 9:25 p.m. and secured some of the last Brat cookies of the night.
We were so amused by these cookies and could not wait to take a bite! To be completely transparent, the “Brat” green is not the most appetizing color in the world, so I was skeptical about the taste of the cookies. To our surprise, not only were the cookies aesthetically eye-catching, they were also delectable. I found the Brat cookie to be such a creative take on the classic sugar cookie with the perfect balance between crisp edges and a soft center. 
This week, I returned to I.V. Drip with my newly moved-in housemates to show them the infamous “Kamala Brat Cookies.” In my second taste test of Isla Vista’s newest sweet treat, it seems as though I.V. Drip has perfected their edible printed cookie craft. The printed image was not only sharper, but the cookies themselves were even more delicious.
Political activism looks different for every voter; some may partake in walkouts for a particular cause while others like the I.V. Drip team create edible ink Kamala Harris cookies. Across history, food has played a critical role in political protests spanning from the 1970s when while on the campaign trail, Richard Nixon faced a barrage of eggs launched by antiwar protestors to more recent occurrences such as the Just Stop Oil activists who launched tomato soup at Vincent Van Gogh’s “Sunflowers” in London’s National Gallery in 2022. 
Activists from Generation Vote in Washington D.C. urging the youth of America to hit the polls this November. Image Courtesy of Generation Vote on Facebook
Whether it’s throwing tomatoes, eggs, or pies, food can undoubtedly be used to express contempt. Food as a vessel of protest is a double edged sword as food can symbolize inclusion in some cases and exclusion in others. In the case of political protests, the food that each demonstrator holds in their hands can unite thousands. Additionally, as seen in the Just Stop Oil protest, food creates a strong visual impact, leaving a lasting emotional and physical imprint on the world. Thus, food is not merely fuel for our physical bodies, but has the ability to fuel the tides of change on a variety of political issues. 
Young activists like Phoebe Plummer, Anna Holland, and Greta Thunberg serve as courageous leaders in the effort to mobilize the youth to vote. The upcoming November election is a monumental opportunity for Gen Z voters to make their voices heard. 
Will you lean in and take to the polls this November? I surely will. Be sure to head to I.V. Drip to try out one of their “Brat Summer” Kamala Harris cookies as well as their Brown Butter Chocolate Chip, Chewy Sugar and other delicious classics. 
Comments are closed.

            Everything shower every day          

            Has an extensive tote bag collection but never brings one to Trader Joe’s          

            Reusing condoms          

            Collecting tears to water their plants          

            Asking to shower together to “save water”          

            Air conditioning and electric blanket running simultaneously          

            Has gone from Temu to SHEIN for bikini purchases          

            Fracking          

            On their 10th flight out of Santa Barbara Airport this month          

            Owns seven Stanley cups          

            Wrote their environmental ethics essay with ChatGPT          

            Vegan contributing to Big Almond