Four-piece indie band English Teacher have won the 2024 Mercury Prize for their debut album This Could Be Texas.
The announcement was made by DJ Jamz Supernova during the award ceremony, which recognises the best British or Irish album of the year, at the Abbey Road Studios on Thursday evening.
They beat competition from the likes of pop singer Charli XCX, Irish singer CMAT, rising star Cat Burns, and indie outfit The Last Dinner Party.
Taking to the stage, the band members – who include guitarist Lewis Whiting, drummer Douglas Frost, bassist Nicholas Eden and vocalist Lily Fontaine – said thank you, with Fontaine giving a shout out to her mother, who she said did the artwork for the cover.
“My mum did the artwork so I want to say a special thanks to her, she’s amazing,” she said.
“That’s (the album cover) Cow and Calf Rocks in Ilkley. It’s beautiful and she painted that in the 1980s”.
DJ Annie Macmanus and Welsh radio presenter Huw Stephens presented the evening and introduced the pre-recorded performances from the 12 nominees.
The judging team said: “This has been a really tough year for the Mercury Prize judges, with the final 12 albums being so reflective of our diverse and rich musical landscape. There was so much passion and enthusiasm for each one.
“In the end, though, we did agree that This Could Be Texas by English Teacher stands out for its originality and character.
“A winning lyrical mix of surrealism and social observation, alongside a subtle way of wearing its musical innovations lightly, displays a fresh approach to the traditional guitar band format.
“This Could Be Texas reveals new depths on every listen; the mark of a future classic.
“The Mercury Prize was set up to celebrate the album as an artistic format in its own right and all the judges agreed that this charismatic body of work deserves to be the 2024 Mercury Prize Album of the Year.”
Among the acts nominated were Corinne Bailey Rae with Black Rainbows, CMAT with her second studio LP Crazymad, For Me and Charli XCX with her sixth studio album Brat.
Ahead of the ceremony Bailey Rae reflected on the opportunities for women in the music industry and said she was “interested in the voices of young girls”.
The 45-year-old told the PA news agency: “I think there’s definitely been a lot more change for women in the music industry.
“I think the questions that you get asked are different. I think the feeling of autonomy and the sense of power is different.
“I think there’s less exploitation, I think there’s more awareness from women and girls themselves of what’s possible, of what you’re allowed to say yes and no to.
“But that just has to increase, I think there’s still a really low amount of women actuall physically writing songs.
“You might see a female artist, but when you look through the credits there’s many people in the team, there’s not as many women in the songwriting teams then men.”
A slew of debut records also made the shortlist this year, including Early Twenties by singer Burns, Silence Is Loud by jungle artist Nia Archives, When Will We Land? by the Scottish DJ Barry Can’t Swim and Who Am I by rapper BERWYN.
Mobo award winner Ghetts, who stars in Netflix series Supacell, was also shortlisted for the record On Purpose, With Purpose.
Corto.alto’s Bad With Names was also nominated alongside The Last Dinner Party’s Prelude To Ecstasy and Lives Outgrown by Portishead singer Beth Gibbons.
Last year, Ezra Collective became the first jazz group to win the Mercury Prize, taking the prestigious music award with their second studio album Where I’m Meant To Be.

                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.