JOIN CLUB 
Over the last three months, the term ‘Brat summer’ has been one of the most debated and discussed cultural phenomena. As summer dwindled away, so did conversations about Brat summer but on Thursday night, courtesy of H&M, Charli xcx welcomed the next iteration, Brat Autumn: London Fashion Week edition.
Kickstarting both London Fashion Week and H&M’s three-month-long world event series celebrating the brand’s re-energised new look, the party was held at the Copperbox Arena in east London. “Last night was iconic and it was cute to party with H&M and all my fans in London,” Charli says, speaking on the event via H&M’s press release.
With over 3,000 attendees, taking a walk around the venue you never knew who you could run into – an influencer you follow, an old colleague, a musician on your playlist, an ex or even a crush, the options were endless. All mingling in one huge stadium, there was something for everyone – including food courtesy of Bao, Supernova Burgers and Crisp Pizza which was conveniently located next to the smoking area.
From Charli’s headline performance to DJ sets from Jamie xx and SHERELLE, there were many moments for the books. For those who missed it, below we broke down everything that went down.
While there are certain designers who like to keep people on their toes when it comes to party locations, most fashion week parties still follow the same hotel or fancy bar afterparty tradition. So when it was announced H&M’s secret location was the old Olympic stadium in Queen Elizabeth Olympic Park it was destined to be something major. 
After walking through an immersive experience outside by Weirdcore, a beaming red laser entrance by both Weirdcore and artist Maximo Recio welcomed guests into the venue.
The night after dropping her “Talk Talk” remix with Troye Sivan, and announcing the Brat remix album, pop star of the year Charli xcx took a 24-hour detour from rehearsals for her upcoming Sweat tour to come to London and take over fashion week.
Light beams bounced through the space as excerpts from “Everything is Romantic” echoed through the space. Then, in her signature long black curls, black shades and a custom H&M look she emerged in front of a huge Brat-green wall – which she ripped down during a performance of her remix to Caroline Polachek’s “Welcome to My Island”. Performing a few of her biggest hits the pop star, who is also the face of H&M’s AW24 campaign, gave the people what they wanted in 35 minutes and then off she went.
Just after Charli’s set ended and swarms of people running to bars holding hands with their friends screaming ‘that was so fucking good’, the lighting changed and then Jamie xx emerged out of nowhere on a stage in the middle of the arena playing “B2B”. He played an almost two-hour set and then was preceded by east London-born DJ SHERELLE. Keeping the party going and turning the stadium into a literal rave, she closed out the night.
If you, or your friend, work in fashion or any creative industry in London chances are waking up on Friday morning your Instagram stories were an endless scroll through red laser beams, Charli’s performance and sweaty selfies with sunglasses and margaritas. Spotted among the crowd were the likes of H&M city host Lila Moss, Naomi Campbell, Amelia Gray, Ncuti Gatwa, Iris Law, Rafferty Law, and Shay Mitchell.
Other notable guests included Bimini, Bee Beardsworth, Antonia Marsh, Cash Frances, Caleb Frempong, Darkwah, Cora Delaney, Deba Hekmat, Corbin Shaw, Char Ellesse, Daisy Maybe, Dani Spooner, Daniel Lismore, Cris Fragkou, Finn Buchanan, Gia Jenkins, Helene Kleith Smith, Harry Freegard, Isaac Benigson, Felicia Pennant, Hannah HRH, Jess Kohl, Hasani, Kemarr, Kevin Cordo, Kaiden Ford, Lea Ogunlami, Michaela Stark, Manu Loca, Mahalia, Miss Jason, Ratty Nye Davies, Su Krikken, Talia Goddess, William Farr, Zoe Matilda Othenio, Victor Kunda and Zinzi Caine.
If you are among the crowd who missed out on this event, the good news is that there are 11 more events between now and November and everyone is invited. Keep your eyes peeled here for more information on upcoming events and head here to see the full lineup and find out more.
Head to the gallery above to check out images from the night.