Manage your account
Kamala Harris appears to be embracing Charli XCX's "brat" summer.
The British pop star has backed the Vice President, declaring: "Kamala IS brat."
Harris is not the first politician to use the album for political purposes.
Even Kamala Harris wants to be a "brat" this summer.
The Vice President and probable Democratic presidential nominee has decided to embrace a flood of Charli XCX-related memes, even adopting the pop star's "brat" album branding for an official campaign social media page.
The British performer has shared the enthusiasm, endorsing Harris in an X post with the declaration: "Kamala IS brat."
Harris is not the first politician to embrace the viral "brat summer" for political gain.
Across the pond, the former leader of the UK's left-leaning Labour Party, Jeremy Corbyn, used the album's typeface and signature color for several social media ads in his recent successful campaign to be re-elected as an independent candidate.
The UK's Greens, an environmentally focused political party, also co-opted Charli's "brat" branding to encourage voters to go to the polls.
But what does a pop album that celebrates partying have to do with politics? Apparently, quite a lot.
Charli XCX has defined "brat" as a form of rejection of the "clean girl" aesthetic.
According to the artist herself, the concept is about authenticity, having fun, and being a bit trashy.
"It can go that way, like, quite luxury, but it can also be so, like, trashy," the pop star said in a recent interview. "Just, like, a pack of cigs, and, like, a Bic lighter, and, like, a strappy white top. With no bra. That's, like, kind of all you need."
The album itself is a celebration of club culture tinged with a touch of existential dread. Its cover art — an iconic burst of lime green with a blurry typeface — is another example of the imperfect nature of being "brat."
Social media has run with the idea of the "brat" summer, and the album's aesthetics have taken on a life of their own. With a little help from a viral TikTok dance, the album debuted at number three on the Billboard 200 — the best US chart placing of Charli's career. (Pitchfork called "Brat" "imperious and cool, nuanced and vulnerable, and one of the best pop albums of the year.")
"Brat" has captured the summer zeitgeist, and the ripple effects are hitting everything from the fashion industry to political campaigns. Having a "brat" summer has become less about the album — and more about a state of mind.
In terms of Harris' shot at the Oval Office, the "brat" approach could be exactly what the Democrats need.
The social media strategy is fun, memey, and resonating with Gen Z. It's tapped into a youthful energy that Joe Biden and Donald Trump have both struggled to access.
It's also spreading like wildfire.
Old videos of Harris dancing, laughing, and celebrating LGBT rights backed by Charli XCX club anthems were going viral even before Biden dropped his reelection bid. One viral clip shows a group of men on Fire Island sporting "brat" Harris crop tops.
The viral nature of the social media support marks Harris out as a different kind of candidate than Trump and Biden. It's a burst of energy for the Democrats and may also force Trump's campaign team into an online world they weren't expecting to have to navigate.
However, Harris's social media team may want to tread lightly when it comes to embracing the Vice President's memification. As BI's Katie Notopoulos points out, it can kill the vibe whenever a politician or brand leans too hard into organic memes.
But for now, Harris is still riding the "brat" wave — and it appears to be working.
Read the original article on Business Insider