Parcels, Magdalena Bay, HorsegiirL and Spill Tab have also been announced as performers for the French music bash
Charli XCX has been announced as the headliner of We Love Green 2025 with the likes of Air, Kavinsky and more set to perform.
The French music bash is set to return to the heart of Bois de Vincennes, Paris on June 6 through June 8 2025 following this year’s record-breaking edition which saw over 110,000 people in attendance.
Other acts set to perform include the likes of Parcels, Magdalena Bay, HorsegiirL, Spill Tab, Amelie Lens, YSEULT, SDM and Jolagreen23. More acts are set to be announced at a later date.
Early bird tickets for the 2025 edition of the French festival are available to purchase here. Prices start at €159 (£132) for a weekend pass and €64 (£53) for single weekday tickets.
We Love Green 2025 – Lineup Poster. Credit: PRESS
This year’s edition saw the likes of Justice, L’Imperatrice, Burna Boy, Paris Texas, OutKast, BADBADNOTGOOD, Four Tet,  Kim Gordon, King Gizzard & The Lizard Wizard, Kenya Grace and SZA perform.
In a four-star review of the We Love Green 2024, NME shared: ” We Love Green is so named for its ecological credentials, and after all, this world we love will only remain green if sometimes it rains. It seems weirdly fitting, then, that this at times sodden 2024 edition should have been so overflowing with an abundance of life. Paris, ça a été un honneur.”
In other news, Charli XCX performed a “surprise” mini-show in the middle of New York’s Times Square last night (November 18).
For the short set, the singer performed five songs, – all taken from her seminal ‘Brat’ album – namely ‘365’, ‘360’, ‘Von Dutch’, ‘Apple’ and ‘Guess’. Notably, she performed the remixes of ‘365’ and ‘Guess’ from ‘Brat And It’s Completely Different But Also Still Brat’.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.