By AMY LAMARE FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  15:56, 25 October 2024   |  Updated:  15:59, 25 October 2024   
 21
View  comments
Olivia Wilde got in the daily workout that helps her keep her abs so enviable. 
The House actress, 40, put her incredibly toned figure on display as she left the gym following a workout.
Olivia's taut tummy was featured in a black sports bra and leggings as she carried a navy blue and black water bottle.
The Don't Worry Darling director wore a grey cropped hoodie with Fear of God State written across it as she entered the gym and carried it over one arm as she left the gym. 
The mom of Otis, 10, and Daisy seven, with ex Jason Sudeikis, 49,  wore her brown hair in a bun on the top of her head while donning sunglasses to protect her eyes from the sun. 
Olivia Wilde got in the daily workout that helps her keep her abs so enviable
Jason and Olivia were together for eight years before they ended their longtime romance in November 2020.
Almost exactly one year ago, the pair ended their 18-month child support battle.
Last September, Jason agreed to pay Olivia $27,500 in monthly child support as well as footing 25 percent of their childcare expenses.
According to court filings obtained exclusively by DailyMail.com, the actor pays his his ex $10,300 per month for their son Otis and $17,200 per month for their seven-year-old daughter Daisy.
They reportedly co-parent their kids 'week-on, week-off.'
Previously, Jason notoriously served her with legal papers as she spoke onstage at CinemaCon in Las Vegas back in 2022.
At the time, she had begun dating Harry Styles, 30, and the Ted Lasso star reportedly freaked out over not only just that but also a certain salad dressing recipe of Olivia's.
Olivia and Harry split in 2022 after a two-year romance.
The House actress, 40, put her incredibly toned figure on display as she left the gym following a workout
This comes after she looked stunning in a green dress at the Academy Museum in LA on October 19
Earlier this month Olivia was seen at the Charli XCX in concert in Los Angeles.
Charli XCX — whose latest album Brat dominated the summer airwaves — brought her and Troye Sivan's co-headlining SWEAT tour to the Kia Forum on Tuesday.
With a drink can in hand, Wilde was captured rocking out to Charli's hit single 360 during the sold-out show.
The House star appeared to be wearing a black hooded sweatshirt and pants as she grooved the song's beat. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group