ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK - MAY 06: Ariana Grande attends The 2024 Met Gala Celebrating "Sleeping Beauties: ... More Reawakening Fashion" at The Metropolitan Museum of Art on May 06, 2024 in New York City. Ariana Grande scores a new top 10 hit on the U.K. songs chart alongside Charli XCX with “Sympathy is a Knife,” which is a huge smash now that it's a duet. (Photo by Dimitrios Kambouris/Getty Images for The Met Museum/Vogue)
Ariana Grande has largely stopped promoting her latest album Eternal Sunshine, which she released at the beginning of 2024. The singer is currently busy, as she’s in full promotional mode for the first of the two Wicked movies. The musical is slated to arrive in theaters next month, and everyone’s counting on the film being a massive commercial success.
While she’s not pushing another single from her own project, that doesn’t mean Grande isn’t still recording—and winning. The singer even manages to score a new hit single this week all around the world, thanks to an inventive and catchy collaboration.
Grande returns to the top 10 on the main singles chart in the United Kingdom this week. She and Charli XCX send their joint cut “Sympathy is a Knife” straight to No. 7 on the list of the most-consumed tracks in the country, helping both artists score another huge win.
For Grande, “Sympathy is a Knife” is at least her twenty-third top 10 smash. Charli, meanwhile, has collected a minimum of nine wins inside that region.
“Sympathy is a Knife” was recently updated with Grande’s inclusion, as Charli once again re-released her album Brat. This time around, the set is retitled Brat and It's Completely Different but Also Still Brat, and it comes with 17 duets, remixes, and the like. While the tune was a minor win from the original project, Grande’s vocals and fame have helped make it a smash.
As the track reaches the top 10 on the main songs ranking, “Sympathy is a Knife” is new to a trio of other rankings in the U.K. this frame. The tune performed well when it comes to both streams and sales, and all that attention allows the song shoot to its new peak of No. 7 on the most competitive singles tally.
“Sympathy is a Knife” is new at No. 19 on the U.K.’s ranking of the most-streamed songs. It also debuts at No. 49 on the Official Singles Downloads chart and No. 53 on the Official Singles Sales list, which are slightly different tallies of the bestselling compositions in the European nation.