By GERAINT LLEWELLYN FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  01:53, 6 August 2024   |  Updated:  02:11, 6 August 2024   
 27
View  comments
Charli XCX put on a very raunchy display as she celebrated her 32nd birthday with pals at a wild party as her BRAT summer continued this week.
The singer looked sensational in a very skimpy ensemble as she danced the night away, just days after partying with Anya Taylor Joy in LA.
Charli, whose real name is Charlotte Aitchison, flaunted her jaw-dropping figure in tiny black hot pants which she teamed with white cut-out crop top that flashed her toned abs and black bra.
She completed the look with knee-high black boots as she sipped drinks before posing with a huge colourful cake and cigarette themed bouquet. 
Teasing more birthday shenanigans to come she captioned the post: 'Part 1 bi***'.
Charli XCX put on a very raunchy display as she celebrated her 32nd birthday with pals at a wild party as her BRAT summer continued this week.
The singer looked sensational in a very skimpy ensemble as she danced the night away, just days after partying with Anya Taylor Joy in LA 
Charli, whose real name is Charlotte Aitchison, flaunted her jaw-dropping figure in tiny black hot pants 
She's been credited with the 'Brat summer' movement - named after her album brat - that sparked a trend defined by party animal antics and being unapologetically oneself. 
It comes after Billie Eilish's brother Finneas defended her against a TikToker who labeled her verse on Charli's remix for Guess as 'predatory.'
A social media user with the handle @windows199x played a snippet of 22-year-old Billie's verse and added a lengthy caption.
'Billie's verse on Guess is highkey predatory, but y'all blinded by her usual queerbaiting for commercial gain,' the person wrote.
It was added: 'Ever since the Lost Cause controversy, she's been reducing girls to mere objects, all in an effort to convince the masses that she's actually into them lol. Charli is 32 and engaged FYI.'
Finneas, 27, hit back, writing in the comments, 'What a take, you little clown. I got to watch the entire internet slam my sister for queer-baiting for an entire year when in reality, you were all forcing her to label and out herself.'
The comment was deleted by the user, prompting someone to write: 'you deleted finneas’ comment bc you KNOW he’s right. like seriously get a grip and grow up.'
Another person echoed the sentiment, adding, 'Ok bro deleted Finneas’ comment because he knows Finneas is right. All you post is hate on here dude. Grow up and find something else to do.'
She teamed it with she teamed with white cut-out crop top that flashed her toned abs and black bra
The edge singer also wore knee-high leather boots and shades 
She sipped drinks before posing with a huge colourful cake and cigarette themed bouquet
She's been credited with the 'Brat summer' movement - named after her album brat - that sparked a trend defined by party animal antics and being unapologetically oneself
Teasing more birthday shenanigans to come she captioned the post: 'Part 1 bi***'
Billie and Charli delighted fans with the release of their provocative collaboration on Thursday.
The video features a lingerie-filled house party, with Eilish making a dramatic entrance as she crashes in on a tractor.
The Ocean Eyes hitmaker rap-sings on the Guess remix: 'I wanna try it, bite it, lick it, spit it/ Pull it to the side and get all up in it / Kiss it, bite it, can I fit it?/ Charli likes boys but she knows I'd hit it.'
Another fan came to Eilish's defense, stating, 'If Charli wasn’t okay with Billie’s verse, she would’ve never released it.'
And after the song's release, fans online claimed the 'iconic' tune was 'life changing' and 'history being made' while taking to YouTube and X to express their enthusiasm. 
'Charli & billie just served dinner & we all ATE,' one supporter exclaim
The Bad Guy singer-songwriter was faced with similar allegations of queerbaiting — using same-sex elements to pander to the LGBTQ+ community — in 2021 for putting on a sensual display with women in her Lost Cause music video. 
At the time, she hadn't publicly identified as part of the LGBTQ community.
However, in November 2023, however, she revealed to Variety that she is attracted to women.
It comes after Billie Eilish's brother Finneas defended her against a TikToker who called her verse on the Charli's song Guess 'predatory'; pictured in February
The video features a lingerie-filled house party, with Eilish making a dramatic entrance as she crashes in on a tractor
She later accused the outlet of 'outing' her.
In response to the buzz around her sexuality, she wrote on Instagram, 'I like boys and girls. Leave me alone about it, please,' adding, 'Who cares.'
In an interview with Rolling Stone in April, Billie doubled-down.
'I’ve been in love with girls for my whole life, but I just didn’t understand — until, last year, I realized I wanted my face in a vagina,' she was quoted in the story.
Elsewhere in the profile, she noted, 'Who f***ing cares? The whole world suddenly decided who I was, and I didn’t get to say anything or control any of it.'
'Nobody should be pressured into being one thing or the other, and I think that there’s a lot of wanting labels all over the place. 
'Dude, I’ve known people that don’t know their sexuality, or feel comfortable with it, until they’re in their forties, fifties, sixties. It takes a while to find yourself, and I think it’s really unfair, the way that the internet bullies you into talking about who you are and what you are,' she shared.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group