Back in early September, Charli XCX — pop's most rebellious superstar — declared that after months of viral memes and a slime green renaissance, "brat summer" had officially come to an end (cue the collective sighs of party girls everywhere). While the trend might've reached its hay day during the summer season, fans of the singer are still finding new ways to adopt it for spring — specifically at her Sweat Tour, which kicked off Sept. 14 in Detroit alongside her collaborator and friend, Troye Sivan. 
ICYMI: Ever since Charli XCX released her sixth studio album, "Brat," back in June, the record set into motion a wave of new trends inspired by her songs — and memes inspired by the album's signature Arial font. With lyrics like, "Falling over and failing, at least we're closer to being on the same page" and "I'm everywhere, I'm so Julia" — a nod to Julia Fox, no less — the record rejects TikTok's clean girl trend for a more feral aesthetic. (Think less bubbly pop ballads and sparkles, more New York City party girl with electric house beats and chaos galore.)  
So, what exactly does being brat mean? In an interview on BBC's "Sidetracked" podcast, Charli herself described it as "messy," saying: "You're just like that girl who is a little messy and likes to party and maybe says some dumb things some times. Who feels like herself but maybe also has a breakdown. But kind of like parties through it, is very honest, very blunt. A little bit volatile, does dumb things. But it's brat. You're brat. That's brat." Keyword being: honest. 
Being brat is all about sporting a strappy white tank sans bra. It's stuffing your Mugler bag with a pack of Marlboros, painting your nails slime green, and staying out clubbing all night long, with no signs of stopping. It's about embracing your hottest, most chaotic self, going against the status quo in favor of having fun (like endless fun), and making zero apologies for it. 
Whether you're hanging a disco ball in your apartment, stepping out in a pair of block heel boots, or looking for brat concert outfit ideas for the Sweat Tour, we've rounded up a few products that'll help you tap into the brat trend — even if you're shopping on a budget. From slime green dad sunglasses and ripped leggings to a belted black mini dress and personalized "Brat" candle, you can channel your inner-brat in every area of your life. Keep reading for a little inspo on how to dress brat for the Sweat Tour — and channel the aesthetic in every other area of your life. 
Ade Wu Wrap Around Fashion Sunglasses ($12, originally $13)

"Brat" is definitely this summer's most unique (and high-energy) pop album, with electric beats that feel like they offer a glimpse into the future of music. You can embody the album's futuristic essence with these rounded sunglasses, which emit peak dad vibes with a Charli XCX-inspired flair.
Free People Intimately FP Crop Camisole ($20)

The best part about the brat trend is that it's all about not caring or overthinking anything — including your outfit. Tapping into the TikTok aesthetic can be as simple as rocking a strappy white tank (sans bra) with jeans, black combat boots, and a playful little bag. We love this option from Free People which boasts a universally flattering design and a cool, nostalgic shape.
Sweat Tour Reversible Tee ($50)

Heading to Charli XCX's new Sweat Tour? Channel your inner brat with this flirty T-shirt, which features a nod to Troye Sivan on the opposite side. The style would look great with a micro skirt, black tights, and chunky loafers to match.
Steve Madden Troopa3.0 Black Leather Boots ($100)

Nothing screams brat quite like wearing a pair of chunky black boots in the thick of summer. The lace-up design gives these boots an extra edge, and we love the idea of pairing them with a black maxi dress and slime green shoulder bag to match.
Show Me Your Mumu Outlaw Mini Dress ($178)

This belted mini has a cool '90s edge and is easy to dress up or down; you can wear it with boots for a low-key daytime look and swap them out for a pair of black pumps come nighttime. The styling options are truly endless.
Kiki Baguette ($240)

Even if slime green isn't your preferred color, you can still find ways to subtly incorporate the shade into your everyday look without having to overhaul your entire wardrobe. This lime green baguette will add the perfect color pop to any outfit, while its chainlink strap completes the accessory with a cool edge.
Nails Inc. Neon Lite Nail Polish ($8)

Charli might reference a classic French manicure in her song "365," but we're convinced this summer's go-to manicure will be a touch less traditional. With this neon nail polish, you can pay homage to the "Brat" album's signature green coloring and create a mani that'll draw attention regardless of where you are — from the mall to the dance floor and beyond.
Remington Shea Soft 1/2" Curling Wand ($20, originally $27)

Create a curly hairstyle that can't be tamed — just like you. With this Remington curling wand, you can replicate Charli XCX's signature curls. The styling tool is designed for all hair types and has a small barrel that allows users to create tight or loose waves, depending on their preferences.
B.Clawed TrippyZ Nails($24)

The brat aesthetic is all about bright neon juxtaposed with cool neutrals and this fun black-and-white nail design fits in seamlessly. Available in various lengths from short to long, these press-ons are a perfect match for any Brat-inspired look, from a neon top and black cargo jeans to a black tube dress with lime accessories.
Tarte Sex Kitten Liquid Liner ($24)

Draw the cat eye sharp enough to kill a man — or sharp enough to at least create a smoldering eye look. This cult-favorite tool is fitted with a precision tip that makes it easy to draw a lengthy, pointed cat eye, just like Charli's.
Personalized "Brat" Candle ($17, originally $25)

Add a touch of brat to your home decor with this one-of-a-kind candle. With a label printed in that classic neon green color and signature font you can customize, it's the perfect conversation-starting piece to add to your desk, nightstand, or coffee table. 
Suwimut 2-Pack Disco Mirror Ball ($26, originally $30)

You can bring the party girl vibes straight into your home with the help of these mirror balls. The disco balls are easy to hang (and rotate), and with the right motor and lamp, they'll be able to create sparkly reflections all throughout your living space.
PalitraArt Neon Shower Curtain ($47, originally $59)

If brat is all about making a statement and being brutally honest (transparent, even), then these slime green shower curtains embody the TikTok trend perfectly. With a sheer design, the curtains are slightly see-through and sure to brighten up even the most understated bathroom space. What's not to love?
Fila Accessories Hand Weight Neoprene Covered Dumbbells ($18)

While the brat trend might be all about skipping the gym in favor of the club, that doesn't mean you can't embrace the aesthetic during your workout. With these small dumbbells, you can inject your weight-lifting session with a boost of dopamine. 
Gymshark Gains Seamless Ripped Leggings ($35, originally $58)

Keeping with the theme of "going against the status quo," these ripped leggings are unlike anything we've ever seen. The workout pants are made from a seamless fabric that's designed to accentuate curves, while still providing plenty of coverage for low- and medium-impact workouts. Plus, the ripped side cutouts just scream "cool girl."
— Additional reporting by Naomi Berry
Kyley Warren is an award-winning writer, editor, and affiliate strategist with more than four years of experience in the publishing space. She currently works as an assistant editor on PS Shopping and is an expert on all things related to shopping and fashion. She previously worked with Entertainment Tonight as a style commerce writer, and her byline has appeared in publications globally.
Naomi Berry is a PS contributor.