The mission of the Media Research Center is to document and combat the falsehoods and censorship of the news media, entertainment media and Big Tech in order to defend and preserve America's founding principles and Judeo-Christian values. The MRC is a research and education organization operating under Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code, and contributions to the MRC are tax-deductible.
© 2005-2025, Media Research Center. All Rights Reserved.
With a greater division in the understandings of each generation, politics has been caught in the very real question of how to appeal to all audiences, how to do this without isolating one, and especially without ostracizing another. This issue was demonstrated perfectly in the Monday afternoon segment of CNN’s The Lead, as host Jake Tapper and his fellow co-hosts attempted to dissect the new Harris rebrand with a Gen Z focus.
In another objectively cringe-worthy demonstration, special correspondent Jamie Gangel and the CNN clan attempted to understand and hype up the Harris campaign headquarters’ rebrand, drawing from the hit summer album, “brat” by singer Charli xcx (click expand): 
TAPPER: In reference to her album called "Brat." Kamala has branded her Kamala HQ Twitter page with the same aesthetic of the album. That's another Gen Z word, aesthetic. It's even becoming a trend on TikTok.
Special Gen Z correspondent, Jamie Gangel, what more can you tell us about it?
GANGEL: So, first of all, just from my producer, Elizabeth Stewart, who will spit out her coffee as I say this, I'm supposed to say “that's BRAT.” And for those who don't -- are not in the know, the way I am, that is a cool thing. It has a color. Chartreuse is the color, and Kamala Harris has adopted that for whatever social media page that is.
But I brought some notes because I knew you would the wanted definition. Okay, here we go. Charli xcx, who I do know, “Brat. You're just that girl who is a little messy and likes to party. And maybe says some dumb things, sometimes.”
As the ridiculous banter continued, a visibly confused tapper concluded that, “the point is… whether it's her or some very clever people who work for her, going right for them (Gen-Z) in the language of their own, that apparently nobody at this table speaks.” 
What Tapper failed to comment on was the fact that Harris was shooting herself in the foot with this rebrand. The failure to understand the mode of sensibility which was “brat” stemmed from two roots.
Primarily, and what should be an obvious critique, was that this rebrand was not understood by the majority of Americans. By embracing “brat,” Harris could turn off potential voters with this new understanding of her brand, isolating her campaign to that of the younger generation.
Secondly Kamala Harris is simply not “brat.”
In writer Susan Sontag’s Notes on “Camp” published in 1964, discussing the twin sensibility to ”brat,” she states that “to talk about ‘Camp' is to betray it.” This rings true for both modes of aestheticism, for just as you cannot hold an idea in your hand, you cannot fully explain these sensibilities.
That being said, the confidence and air which is held by those of the “brat” conscience, as stated by Charlie xcx is “messy.” As the album is centered around the clubbing lifestyle, “brat” is less uniform and more waking up after a night out still in your makeup, less about serious nature and more confidently living in the chaos of life, less presidential and more confidently sloppy. Acceptable for most, but not for the leader of our country.
If this proclamation of “brat” was being flaunted by the Vice President, the media should be a little more concerned.
The transcript is below, click “expand” to read:
CNN The Lead with Jake Tapper
7/23/2024
04:21:28 PM EST
(...)
JAKE TAPPER: And, Jamie, I also want to talk about this appeal to Gen Z.
JAMIE GANGEL: Right, which is a natural question to ask.
TAPPER: Natural question for you.
(LAUGHTER)
(CROSSTALK)
GANGEL: I am here today just for this question.
KAITLAN COLLINS: Our biggest brat.
TAPPER: So, I -- for the record, I was tipped off about this. What I'm about to share with our voters -- our viewers rather by my 16-year-old --
GANGEL: Who truly is an actual member --
TAPPER: Who is an actual member of Gen Z. Kamala Harris appears to be leaning into this. The singer Charli XCX tweeted last night, “Kamala is Brat.”
This is in reference to her album called "Brat." Kamala has branded her Kamala HQ Twitter page with the same aesthetic of the album. That's another Gen Z word, aesthetic. It's even becoming a trend on TikTok.
Special Gen Z correspondent, Jamie Gangel, what more can you tell us about it?
GANGEL: So, first of all, just from my producer, Elizabeth Stewart, who will spit out her coffee as I say this, I'm supposed to say “that's BRAT.” And for those who don't -- are not in the know, the way I am, that is a cool thing. It has a color. Chartreuse is the color, and Kamala Harris has adopted that for whatever social media page that is.
But I brought some notes because I knew you would the wanted definition. Okay, here we go. Charli XCX, who I do know, “Brat. You're just that girl who is a little messy and likes to party. And maybe says some dumb things, sometimes.”
TAPPER: So, it’s the idea that we're all kind of brat and Vice President Harris is brat. I don’t  –
(CROSSTALK)
COLLINS: I don't if you're a brat. I think you inspire to be brat, Jake. You don't just become brat.
TAPPER: Okay.
COLLINS: You have to try.
GANGEL: You can work at it.
TAPPER: I will -- I will aspire to brat. I will aspire.
But, I mean, the point is that she is -- whether it's her or some very clever people who work for her, going right for them in the language of their own, that apparently nobody at this table speaks.
GANGEL: To quote another generation.
[Collins gestures to draw attention to herself]
TAPPER: Except for you [gestures to Collins], you still think you’re 23.
GANGEL: Maybe this is your generation. She's going to --
COLLINS: I’m the closest.
TAPPER: You’re a millennial, take it easy.
GANGEL: So, you tell me is this, right, she's going to own it.
TAPPER: She's going to own it.
GANGEL: Own it.
TAPPER: Well, I mean, the truth of the matter is, at 59, she is the youngest candidate in the race and also Donald Trump is now the oldest living presidential nominee ever in the United States.
CHALIAN: That is true. We did some of this with her first run, the “K hive,” if you will. Like, she did have a huge social media presence five years ago when she was running unsuccessfully.
TAPPER: Yeah, it didn’t do much good, though.
CHALIAN: It did not do much good for her electoral outcome, but she did have that kind of entree into this world. And I think it's going to be turbo-charged now for this.
TAPPER: All right, thanks, everyone. Stick around, brats. 
(...)


Donor Privacy Policy



								The mission of the Media Research Center is to document and combat the falsehoods and censorship of the news media, entertainment media and Big Tech in order to defend and preserve America's founding principles and Judeo-Christian values. The MRC is a research and education organization operating
								under Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code, and contributions to the MRC are
								tax-deductible.
							
Company
MRC Programs
Legal
Features
CONNECT
Sign up for our NB Daily newsletter to receive the latest news Monday through Friday.

					© 2005-2025, Media Research Center. All Rights Reserved.