Getty Images (2)
Following his 10-year on-and-off relationship with Taylor Swift, The 1975 singer Matty Healy is “very happy in his new relationship” with model and singer Gabbriette Bechtel, who he first was spotted with in September 2023.
Keep reading for everything we know about Gabbriette.
Matty and Taylor briefly dated in May 2023, however, it’s rumored that the pair were in an on-and-off relationship for 10 years beforehand. This rumor only strengthened after Taylor released her album The Tortured Poet’s Department in April 2024, which seemingly references The 1975 singer throughout it.
Amid their dating rumors in 2023, Matty found himself under mass scrutiny by the public. It was revealed that the singer was featured in an episode of “The Adam Friedland Show” podcast in February 2023, where he mocked rapper Ice Spice — who is not only a good friend of Taylor, but also worked on her remix of “Karma.”
On top of that, comments of his resurfaced where he states dating Taylor would be “emasculating.”
“It’s just interesting to me how interested the world is about Taylor Swift,” he told Q Magazine in 2016. “The reason I mention that is because if I had [properly] gone out with Taylor Swift, I would’ve been, ‘F–king hell, I am not being Taylor Swift’s boyfriend.’ You know, ‘F–k. That.’”
Matty and Gabbriette were first spotted together in September 2023, after engaging in some PDA in New York City.
“He’s very happy in his new relationship so I’m sure he will be focusing on that,” Matty’s aunt Debbie Dedes told the Daily Mail following the release of Taylor’s new album.
A post shared by Gabbriette B (@gabbriette)
Gabbriette is a model and the lead vocalist and songwriter for a punk rock band named Nasty Cherry, which she was handpicked for by Charli XCX. There was even a Netflix docuseries about the group — I’m with the Band: Nasty Cherry — which also featured members Chloe Chaidez, Georgia Somary and Debbie Knox-Hewson.
Want to know more about Gabbriette?  Scroll through our gallery for everything we know about the model.
Love J-14? Be sure to subscribe to our YouTube channel for fun, exclusive videos with your favorite stars.
1 of 5
John Nacion/Getty Images
Born in Orange Country, California, on July 28, 1997, Gabbriette is a Leo!
During her 2023 interview with Vogue, she explained she never felt like she quite fit in at home.
“The majority of students at my high school were beautiful, strictly white blonde girls, and my sister and I were Hispanic. I was called some pretty awful things. But then I just learned to laugh at it.”
2 of 5
Stephane Cardinale - Corbis/Corbis via Getty Images
The singer-songwriter is super well known for her goth aesthetic and makeup, which she spoke about doing herself during an interview with Vogue from 2023.
“Now I know exactly what I want; I can do my make-up in five minutes,” she says. “It’s eyeliner, eyeshadow, and then I put my eyebrows on. I have this little eyebrow pencil that I bought at CVS.” As for fashion, her references range from dominatrixes to ’50s pin-up stars. “I have a ton of leather jackets and leather pants—I’ve been trying to find the perfect pair. I’ve finally just learned to dress for myself. I used to really dress up for other people, but now I just wear what I feel comfortable in.”
3 of 5
Gary Gershoff/Getty Images
In 2019, Gabbriette was chosen by Charli XCX to join a punk rock band called Nasty Cherry. They released three EPs and several singles, however, they haven’t dropped new music since 2021.
4 of 5
Kevin Mazur/Getty Images for Rihanna's Savage X Fenty Show Vol. 3 Presented by Amazon Prime Video
Prior to Matty Healy, she dated model Levi Dylan, who is the grandson of Bob Dylan. The pair were first romantically linked in 2020, until breakup rumors surfaced in 2023.
5 of 5
Jon Kopaloff/Getty Images
Gabbriette loves to cook, and often posts recipes and videos of herself cooking on TikTok!
“Growing up, my family was always cooking. My mum is Mexican and my dad is German, so there were all these different cultures colliding in our house,” she told Vogue in 2023. “They were really experimental and would always have copies of Bon Appétit laid out. My mum would always be putting a twist on a recipe, and my dad would be grilling something or making sauerkraut. Family meals were a big part of our life, we’d sit down together after school without our phones and talk about our day, and the cooking process was always a big part of that.”
J-14 has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
J-14 is part of the a360media Entertainment Group.Copyright © a360media 2025. All Rights Reserved