A popular bar and music venue in the city centre has announced it will be handing out thousands of free drinks this weekend.
YES, which is located on Charles Street just off Oxford Road, is currently celebrating its sixth birthday with a four-day line-up of events and parties in honour of the mighty occasion - including a Charli XCX-themed party and a takeover by Be With Records.
As part of its main celebrations on Saturday (September 21), the venue will host six artists across one billing and will also give out 6,000 free drinks during the special birthday event.
READ MORE: Popular Greater Manchester pub shuts down a year after major takeover
The ticketed party, which costs just £6, will feature a takeover from Hot Take with appearances from Formal Speedwear, Funeralcare, Lavender Rodriguez, Silverwingkiller, Westside Cowboy, and Yasmin Cow. Taking place in the venue's Basement space, the event will begin from 4.30pm - tickets here.
The ‘four-storey sanctuary’, which also features pop-up kitchens from the Rack sandwich shop and pizza faves Pepperoni Playboy, first opened back in 2018 and has hosted a range of gigs and events from a wide-ranging line-up of acts, including the likes of Ibibio Sound Machine, Fontaines D.C, The Goa Express, Mykki Blanco, Jon Hopkins, Confidence Man and Courteeners star Liam Fray over the years.
Elsewhere at YES this weekend, PARTY GIRLS in The Pink Room this evening (September 20) will feature a celebration of Charli XCX and Hyperpop with DJ Lune Lazer, whilst a free Me Gusta Collective party will take place in the Basement space from 11pm - featuring Obeka, Atiké and Yohan.
On Saturday, the Roof Terrace will host an all-day $eamu$ and Friends party featuring the lieks of Industry Plant, Awedinary, Ghosst Assembly and Red Laser. The birthday celebrations will continue in The Pink Room on Saturday night with shows from BDRMM and Deptford Northern Soul Club.
Also on Saturday night, The Basement will host All My Thoughts with Seb Wildblood and 1-800 Girls from 11pm. On Sunday, The Pink Room will celebrate 10 Years of Be with funk and soul legend Ned Doheny. The event, in The Pink Room from 7pm, will honour the impact of Be With Records since 2014.
To get tickets to any of the events taking place at YES this weekend, click here.
YES is at 38 Charles Street, Manchester, M1 7DB.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.