The pop star has called him “Mr. Brat” after sharing photos of the two in Ibiza
Fans have noticed Kyle MacLachlan’s recent online admiration of Charli XCX and ‘Brat’ – and now he has discussed how his Twin Peaks character is “Brat-coded”, while Charli has shared fan snaps of the two together in Ibiza.
The actor – who played Dale Cooper in the original two seasons of Twin Peaks, its prequel film Twin Peaks: Fire Walk With Me, and its 2017 revival – played doppelgangers of his main character, one of whom was named Dougie Jones. In the show, Dougie Jones wore a prominent lime-green jacket, which fans have recently compared with the album artwork of Charli XCX’s latest album.
In an interview with GQ, published last Tuesday (July 9), writer Paula Mejia brings up a social media post of someone calling his Dougie Jones jacket “Brat-coded”.
“Love that,” MacLachlan responded. “Funny enough, I hadn’t even thought about that until I saw it. I was like, ‘Oh my god, we set the trend.’”
They discussed about how MacLachlan’s recent social media presence has been infatuated with ‘Brat’ – from changing his Instagram profile photo to say ‘Kyle’ in the same font as ‘Brat’, to starring in a TikTok set to ‘the girl, so confusing remix with Lorde’, a song he found “fresh” and “cool”.
The writer shares that fans have called him an “honorary it girl” for his ‘Brat’ fandom, to which he expressed his flattery and laughs. “Once I understood “babygirl” then everything fell into place,” he said. He also called the ‘Brat’ artwork “bright”, “compelling, and eye-catching” enough for him to theme his Instagram profile photo to look like it.
At the end of the interview, Mejia shared with MacLachlan that Charli XCX would be performing in Ibiza “later this month”, which she did last Friday (July 12). “What better place to see her than Ibiza?” he laughed. “That would be perfect.”
He fulfilled that wish when Charli herself shared pictures, taken by a fan, of the two together in Ibiza. “I met Mr. Brat,” she wrote on X/Twitter, while MacLachlan responded with a quote-tweet that reads “Meeting queen brat >>>>>”.
i met mr. brat! https://t.co/9tA85ZceKG
— Charli (@charli_xcx) July 13, 2024
Meeting queen brat >>>>> https://t.co/dD6wl9K1AF
— Kyle MacLachlan (@Kyle_MacLachlan) July 13, 2024
Elsewhere in the GQ interview, he talked about the music he liked when he was younger – by artists like Michael Jackson, David Bowie, The Human League – and how he would spend weekends during the shoot of the 1984 film adaptation of Dune going to “dance clubs” in Mexico City.
Meanwhile, Clairo has expressed her love for ‘the girl so confusing remix with Lorde’, saying that the two artists are “both geniuses to me”.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.