By SHARON MAI FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  02:53, 3 November 2024   |  Updated:  15:02, 3 November 2024   
 300
View  comments
Kim Kardashian had all eyes on her as she joined Blake Lively and Kaia Gerber at the star-studded 2024 LACMA Art And Film Gala in Los Angeles on Saturday.
The reality star, 44, wowed in a plunging skintight white gown that highlighted her ample cleavage and draped a floor-sweeping, cream-colored coat over her arms.
She accessorized with Princess Diana's amethyst cross necklace, which she famously wore at a charity gala in 1987. 
The entrepreneur added a pearl choker resembling another piece of the late royal's and wore her raven tresses in a short style to show off the necklaces.
Meanwhile Lively, 37, put on a leggy display in a metallic mini dress, with a dramatic orange cape trailing behind her. And Gerber, 23, looked chic in an elegant, fringe mint green gown that clung to her enviable model figure. 
Kim Kardashian, 44, had all eyes on her as she joined Blake Lively, 37, and Kaia Gerber, 23, at the star studded 2024 LACMA Art And Film Gala in Los Angeles on Saturday
The reality star, 44, wowed in a plunging skintight white gown that highlighted her ample cleavage, accessorizing with a large cross necklace
Lively wore a chainmail-inspired minidress adorned with shimmering diamond-shaped and gemstone details. 
The It Ends With Us star donned baby pink sandal heels with rhinestone-covered, criss-cross straps to add inches to her height and highlight her toned legs. 
She left her long, blonde hair down with her perfectly tousled beach waves swept to the side. 
For makeup, she opted for a sun-kissed, glowy look featuring bronze eyeshadow and a bright pink glossy lip. 
As for Gerber, the supermodel put on an elegant display in a flapper-inspired, long gown featuring a satin balconette bust, iridescent fringe throughout and fluffy feathers at the bottom of the skirt. 
She styled her chocolate brown hair in silky and smooth bombshell waves seemingly inspired by chic, old Hollywood-esque 'dos.
She looked radiant with a cool-toned smoky eye paired with a nude pink lip to complete her glamorous look. 
At the soirée, Emily Ratajkowski, 33, also put on a show-stopping display in a fabulous dress. 
She further completed the look by adding a pearl choker
The mom-of-four wore her raven tresses in a short style
The star looked absolutely breathtaking 
She rocked a dark and smoky eyeshadow look paired with a nude pink gloss to complete her look
She highlighted her ample curves with her necklaces. She accessorized with Princess Diana's amethyst cross necklace, which she famously wore at a charity gala in 1987. The entrepreneur added a pearl choker resembling another piece of the late royal's
As she walked, her long, cream-colored coat trailed behind her like a train
Kim's perilously plunging dress flaunted her more than ample assets 
Lively wore a chainmail-inspired minidress adorned with shimmering diamond-shaped and gemstone details
The blonde beauty wore her tresses cascading down
The It Ends With Us star donned baby pink sandal heels with rhinestone-covered, criss-cross straps to add inches to her height and highlight her toned legs
She opted for delicate makeup 
Blake showed off her dramatic cape
Gerber put on an elegant display in a flapper-inspired, long gown featuring a satin balconette bust, iridescent fringe throughout and fluffy feathers at the bottom of the skirt
Kaia showed off her supermodel looks
She styled her chocolate brown hair in silky and smooth bombshell waves seemingly inspired by chic, old Hollywood-esque 'dos
At the soirée, Emily Ratajkowski, 33, also put on a show-stopping display in a fabulous dress. The brunette bombshell donned a reddish-brown, silk gown with off-the-shoulder, long sleeves and a velvet, drop skirt
Sofia Richie Grainge, 26, was also present at the star-studded gala alongside her husband Elliot Grainge, 30. The founder and CEO of record label 10K Projects donned a sharp suit with a black blazer and matching tie as he joined his wife at the event
For the special occasion, the model put on a stylish display  in an espresso brown, flowing gown with just one, long sleeve
Brooklyn Beckham and Nicola Peltz skip David's birthday dinner
Bianca Censori appears to walk around naked on Kanye West's livestream
Lorraine Kelly reveals secret health battle from hospital bed
Holly Madison reveals 'disgusting' sex acts with Hugh Hefner
Young guitarist get through to final as BGT is hit by fix row
Ryan Reynolds dodges questions about Travis Kelce 'unfollowing'
Sam Fender reveals Adolescence star Owen Cooper starring in new video
Kanye comes out as gay in wild rant about Kim and their kids
Bridget Jones author reveals she was 'groped' while at the BBC
Hailey Bieber shows off dazzling fit for Miami F1 weekend
'Floribama Shore' star passes away after battling pancreatitis
Britney Spears' bold move after ex Sam Asghari flaunts new girlfriend
The brunette bombshell donned a reddish-brown, silk gown with off-the-shoulder, long sleeves and a velvet, drop skirt.
For the special occasion, Ratajkowski also styled her hair in side-swept, old Hollywood waves.
To match her dark hair and deep brown dress, she rocked a sultry smoky eye paired with a glossy nude pout. 
Sofia Richie Grainge, 26, was also present at the star-studded gala alongside her husband Elliot Grainge, 30. 
The founder and CEO of record label 10K Projects donned a sharp suit with a black blazer and matching tie as he joined his wife at the event.
For the special occasion, the model put on a stylish display in an espresso brown, flowing gown with just one, long sleeve.
She left her long, pin-straight hair down and accessorized with chunky gold jewelry, several of which were encrusted with diamonds, in the form of hoop earrings, bangle bracelets and statement rings.
Cara Delevingne, 32, looked striking at the gala, modeling a glamorous black gown with a sexy midriff cutout, which showcased her ribcage tattoo. 
Cara Delevingne, 32, looked striking at the gala, modeling a glamorous black gown with a sexy midriff cutout, which showcased her ribcage tattoo. She pinned back her hair in a slicked back updo with micro bangs framing her face
The dress showed off her intricate cherry blossom tattoo
Cara's backless dress also revealed a selection of her other inkings
The actress looked incredible for the star-studded occasion 
Then, the vivacious Viola Davis was seen arriving at the gala in an elegant, Gucci gown, which was adorned with sparkly sequin details
She was joined by her longtime partner Julius Tennon, who looked handsome in a sharp tuxedo that complemented her look
She pinned back her blonde hair in a slicked back updo with micro bangs framing her face.
The model accessorized with various statement rings to complete her glamorous and bold look. 
Then, the vivacious Viola Davis was seen arriving at the gala in an elegant Gucci gown, which was adorned with sparkly sequin details.
The EGOT-winning actress, 59, took the plunge in a figure-hugging gown with dramatically long sleeves that transformed into a cape cascading down behind her. 
Teamed with the sparkly gown, she accessorized with a striking, gold pendant necklace and stunning gemstone earrings.
She was joined by her longtime partner Julius Tennon, who looked handsome in a sharp tuxedo that complemented her look. 
Anna Kendrick, 39, looked elegant in a bright yellow, strapless gown with a brown, velvet ribbon tied in a bow around her waist. The Pitch Perfect actress pinned back her brunette hair into a chic updo and rocked a deep, red lip.
Kathy Hilton was also seen at the gala with her husband Richard Hilton. The reality TV personality looked pretty in pink in a floral-patterned gown with a matching cape. 
Anna Kendrick, 39, looked elegant in a bright yellow, strapless gown with a brown, velvet ribbon tied in a bow around her waist. The Pitch Perfect actress pinned back her brunette hair into a chic updo and rocked a deep, red lip
Kathy Hilton was also seen at the gala with her husband Richard Hilton. The reality TV personality looked pretty in pink in a floral-patterned gown with a matching cape. Her longtime husband wore a black blazer teamed with a matching scarf and a satin tie
The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills alum paired the romantic and feminine dress with a dazzling diamond necklace and dangling earrings to match
Vittoria Ceretti was also present at the gala. The girlfriend of Leonardo DiCaprio put on a chic display in a lavender-colored gown with a halter-style neckline and a sexy cutout at her side. The dress also featured a long, flowing cape lined with purple feathers
Brooklyn Beckham and Nicola Peltz skip David's birthday dinner
Bianca Censori appears to walk around naked on Kanye West's livestream
Lorraine Kelly reveals secret health battle from hospital bed
Holly Madison reveals 'disgusting' sex acts with Hugh Hefner
Young guitarist get through to final as BGT is hit by fix row
Ryan Reynolds dodges questions about Travis Kelce 'unfollowing'
Sam Fender reveals Adolescence star Owen Cooper starring in new video
Kanye comes out as gay in wild rant about Kim and their kids
Bridget Jones author reveals she was 'groped' while at the BBC
Hailey Bieber shows off dazzling fit for Miami F1 weekend
'Floribama Shore' star passes away after battling pancreatitis
Britney Spears' bold move after ex Sam Asghari flaunts new girlfriend
The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills alum paired the romantic and feminine dress with a dazzling diamond necklace and dangling earrings to match. 
At her side, her longtime husband wore a black blazer teamed with a matching scarf and a satin tie.
Vittoria Ceretti was also present at the gala. The girlfriend of Leonardo DiCaprio put on a chic display in a lavender-colored gown with a halter-style neckline and a sexy cutout at her side. 
The dress also featured a long, flowing cape lined with purple feathers.
To complete her monochromatic outfit, she carried a small purse with a gold chain and she also rocked a purple eye makeup look. 
Charli XCX looked phenomenal in a chic two-piece set adorned with small, circular mirrors. 
She was eye-catching in a tiny bra top, which she teamed with a matching maxi skirt and a string tied around her waist.
Andrew Garfield, who put on a dapper display in an aubergine-colored suit with his shirt halfway unbuttoned, was seen at the gala with Laura Dern. 
Charli XCX looked phenomenal in a chic two-piece set adorned with small, circular mirrors
he was eye-catching in a tiny bra top, which she teamed with a matching maxi skirt and a string tied around her waist
Andrew Garfield, who put on a dapper display in an aubergine-colored suit with his shirt halfway unbuttoned, was seen at the gala with Laura Dern
Dern sizzled in a delicate black lace gown
Her blonde tresses were styled in light waves 
Sarah Paulson wore a striking white blouse with dramatic, scalloped layers and a long, black skirt. Ellie Goulding slipped into a slinky, black slip dress with a pale blue cowl neck detail for her look
Ellie wore her blonde locks straight with a glamorous coat of make-up 
She styled her gown with a pair of sheer mesh heels
The actress put on a sultry display in a sheer, lace gown with a plunging neckline and a long, tiered skirt.
Tina Knowles put on a chic display as she went topless underneath a black blazer with feathers at the bottom of her sleeves. 
She sported matching trousers and completed her look with patent leather pumps, which were lined with sparkly rhinestones for an additional touch of glamour.
Anna Wintour turned up the glamour in a cream-colored gown adorned with teardrop crystals and sparkling gems. 
Over her shoulders, the Vogue editor-in-chief wore a metallic silver trench coat and matching heels. 
The fashion icon also showed off a massive gem she wore around her neck as a pendant necklace.
Sarah Paulson wore a striking white blouse with dramatic, scalloped layers and a long, black skirt. The American Horror Story actress completed her look with polished updo and a bold, red lip. 
Ellie Goulding slipped into a slinky, black slip dress with a pale blue cowl neck detail for her look. She paired the effortlessly stylish dress with pointed-toe pumps and gold, teardrop statement earrings. 
Rachel Zoe put on a glamorous display in a dress made out of metallic gold, string that draped perfectly around her body
Anna Wintour turned up the glamour in a cream-colored gown adorned with teardrop crystals and sparkling gems. Over her shoulders, the Vogue editor-in-chief wore a metallic silver trench coat and matching heels
Tina Knowles put on a chic display as she went topless underneath a black blazer with feathers at the bottom of her sleeves. She sported matching trousers and completed her look with patent leather pumps, which were lined with sparkly rhinestones for an additional touch of glamour
Rachel Zoe put on a glamorous display in a dress made out of metallic gold, string that draped perfectly around her body. 
Ricky Martin looked dapper in a mustard yellow suit, which he paired with a black turtleneck and shiny dress shoes. 
Michelle Rodriguez looked striking in a strapless jumpsuit with a silver, sculptural detail in the middle of the bust and a wrap skirt design. 
Mikey Madison put on an elegant display in a white, sleeveless dress with a long, floor-sweeping cape trailing behind her.
Lisa Ann Walter looked fabulous in a figure-hugging, black gown with a figure-hugging silhouette and a dramatic, voluminous shawl draped around her upper arms. 
Malcolm Washington looked effortlessly stylish in a brown, silk robe coat, which he threw on over his white button-down and black, string tie.
Stella Maxwell slipped into a skintight, black dress with a corset-style bodice and a mermaid-tail skirt.
She donned black, leather gloves to match her dress and rocked a sultry, smoky makeup look to complete her edgy-chic look.
Stella Maxwell slipped into a skintight, black dress with a corset-style bodice and a mermaid-tail skirt
Michelle Rodriguez looked striking in a strapless jumpsuit with a silver, sculptural detail in the middle of the bust and a wrap skirt design. Mikey Madison put on an elegant display in a white, sleeveless dress with a long, floor-sweeping cape trailing behind her
Lisa Ann Walter looked fabulous in a figure-hugging, black gown with a figure-hugging silhouette and a dramatic, voluminous shawl draped around her upper arms
Ricky Martin looked dapper in a mustard yellow suit, which he paired with a black turtleneck and shiny dress shoes
Malcolm Washington looked effortlessly stylish in a brown, silk robe coat, which he threw on over his white button-down and black, string tie
Notables from the art, film, fashion, and entertainment industries gathered for the LACMA for 13th annual Art+Film Gala, which was sponsored by Gucci.
It supports the museum's curatorial programming, exhibitions, acquisitions and more programs that explore the intersection of art and film.
This year's event honored Elvis writer and director Baz Luhrmann and sculptor Simone Leigh, while LACMA trustee Eva Chow and actor Leonardo DiCaprio served as co-chair of the event for the 13th consecutive year.
Proceeds from the annual Art+Film Gala go toward underwriting LACMA’s initiative to make film more central to the museum’s curatorial programming, while also funding LACMA’s broader mission. This includes exhibitions, acquisitions, and educational programming, in addition to screenings that explore the intersection of art and film.
Poor Kim, she is really showing her true age.  And...

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group