Some Democratic National Convention speakers and attendees are sporting neon green or coconut-themed attire and invoking Charli XCX’s “Brat summer” aesthetic as the Democratic Party embraces viral memes that have boosted Vice President Kamala Harris’ presidential campaign online.
Vice President Kamala Harris' suit at the DNC Monday night was "coconut brown"—a possible reference ... More to her viral "coconut tree" quote. (Photo by Kevin Dietsch/Getty Images)
Sen. Cory Booker attended the DNC while sporting a bright-green pin that says “NJ is ‘Brat,’” a reference to Charli XCX’s album that has emerged as a term of endearment for Harris and her supporters, encouraged by both the Harris campaign and the singer herself.
Actress Mindy Kaling also invoked Charli XCX while introducing former House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., on stage Wednesday night, stating: “This woman was doing ‘Brat’ before ‘Brat’ was ‘Brat.’”
Some DNC attendees sported neon green, while some merchandise sold at the event referenced the viral memes—including hats sold by the Democratic Lieutenant Governors adorned with pictures of coconuts and bits from Harris’ viral quotes, like “unburdened” and “existing in the context.”
Harris may have offered a subtle nod toward her own viral “coconut tree” quote during her surprise appearance at the DNC Monday night—she sported a tan brown suit designed by Chemena Kamali from the French brand Chloé, which was actually “coconut brown,” though a Chloé representative told The Washington Post the color was a “complete coincidence.”
The DNC offered media credentials to hundreds of social media influencers, some of whom have posted TikTok videos invoking memes, including deaf influencer Chrissy Marshall, who posted a video signing Harris’ “coconut tree” quote, and entrepreneur and TikTok influencer Nadya Okamoto, who explained to NBC News why Harris is “Brat.”
Charli XCX released her album “Brat” in June, kicking off what she and her fans have dubbed “Brat summer.” The singer has described “Brat summer” as “being confident, putting yourself out there, being out, being about, being the center of attention,” and exemplifying a “Brat” persona means being “that girl who is a little messy and maybe says dumb things sometimes, who feels herself but then also maybe has a breakdown but parties through it.” The album’s simple cover—just a bright-green background with “Brat” in all lowercase—has been easily replicated by businesses and organizations trying to capitalize on the “Brat summer” trend. As speculation mounted this summer over whether President Joe Biden would drop out of the race following a poor debate performance, supporters of Harris taking over the Democratic ticket advocated for her on social media with coconut emojis and green-tinted videos of Harris laughing or dancing, set to songs from “Brat.” The Harris campaign quickly picked up on the social media chatter, and soon after Harris announced her candidacy, her official “Kamala HQ” X account updated its cover photo to a neon-green banner modeled after the “Brat” cover. Charli XCX egged on the “Brat”-Harris comparisons, posting: “kamala IS brat.” The first post on the “Kamala HQ” TikTok account after Harris announced her presidential run is set to Charli XCX’s “360” and contains a screenshot of the singer’s post.
“I think she’s… what they call ‘brat’ or whatever, I call it ‘gangster,’” Patti LaBelle said about Harris in an interview after she performed her 1978 song, “You Are My Friend,” during the DNC’s in memoriam section.
The Harris campaign has focused on social media as an avenue to court young voters. On Thursday, Harris joined the streaming platform Twitch, where she is expected to stream her address to the DNC. The “Kamala HQ” TikTok account has racked up nearly 4 million followers by chasing TikTok trends, using popular audios and embracing memes about Harris.
Harris will speak at the DNC Thursday night, where she will formally accept the party’s nomination for president. Harris is expected to focus on her middle-class upbringing and contrast her “New Way Forward” agenda with Project 2025—a right-wing blueprint for a Republican president, not officially endorsed by former President Donald Trump, but authored by some ex-Trump officials.
The DNC kicked off in Chicago Monday night with a speech from Biden, which was considered a passing of the torch to his vice president. Harris’ running mate, Minnesota Gov. Tim Walz, spoke at the DNC Wednesday night, where he slammed Project 2025 as “weird,” “wrong” and “dangerous.”
Here’s How Kamala Harris Is Embracing Memes Like Charli XCX’s ‘Brat Summer’ And ‘Project Coconut Tree’ (Forbes)
Here's Where And When To Watch Kamala Harris At The DNC Tonight—And What To Expect (Forbes)
Kamala Harris Chases TikTok Trends—And Rakes In Big Views—In Bid For Gen Z Votes (Forbes)
One Community. Many Voices. Create a free account to share your thoughts. 
Our community is about connecting people through open and thoughtful conversations. We want our readers to share their views and exchange ideas and facts in a safe space.
In order to do so, please follow the posting rules in our site's Terms of Service.  We've summarized some of those key rules below. Simply put, keep it civil.
Your post will be rejected if we notice that it seems to contain:
User accounts will be blocked if we notice or believe that users are engaged in:
So, how can you be a power user?
Thanks for reading our community guidelines.  Please read the full list of posting rules found in our site's Terms of Service.