By ASHLEIGH GRAY FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  05:17, 13 December 2024   |  Updated:  06:36, 13 December 2024   
 14
View  comments
Charli XCX put on a sexy display in a slinky black Rodarte dress at the Nosferatu premiere in Los Angeles on Thursday night.
The 32-year-old Brat music artist flashed her stringy black thong in the brand's $1,610 floral burnout velvet and satin asymmetrical cowl neck bias frock.
The ensemble was styled by Chris Horan and the singer rounded it out with a pair of slingback pointy-toe heels.
Charli, born Charlotte Emma Aitchison, added a touch of color with her short and glossy deep red manicure.
Her shiny jet black hair was parted down the middle with subtly curled ends that fell over her chest. 
Charli XCX put on a sexy display in a slinky black Rodarte dress at the Noseferatu premiere in Los Angeles on Thursday night
The 32-year-old Brat music artist flashed her stringy black thong in the brand's $1,610 floral burnout velvet and satin asymmetrical cowl neck bias frock
Lily-Rose Depp, who stars in Nosferatu, recently spilled secrets behind the making of the highly-anticipated vampire flick.
The fresh take of the old tale sees Bill Skarsgård in the role of bloodthirsty Count Orlok, with the starlet playing Ellen Hutter, the object of his obsession.
The French-American actress has received rave reviews for her performance in the haunting remake.
One scene sees her drenched in blood with it streaming from her eyes, which she said was difficult to film.
Speaking to Natalie Portman in a conversation for Interview magazine, she said, 'There was blood that I would have to put in my eyes, and I’m tearing up just talking about it. My eyes are very sensitive.'
The Black Swan star, 43, asked Lily-Rose — whom she's known since she was 16-years-old — about how they pulled off the bloody moments, and if directors were particular about how the blood would drip.
Lily-Rose confirmed: 'Yeah, they want it to drip in a certain way, for sure.'
She and co-star Emma become possessed in the feature film, which comes out on Christmas, and with that came challenging physicality
Charli rocked black liner that accentuated her big, brown eyes
The ensemble was styled by Chris Horan and the singer rounded it out with a pair of slingback pointy-toe heels. Charli, born Charlotte Emma Aitchison, added a touch of color with her short and glossy deep red manicure
vHer shiny jet black hair was parted down the middle with subtly curled ends that fell over her chest
Lily-Rose Depp stars in Robert Eggers' horror-drama, in theaters on Christmas Day
Lily-Rose admitted she had assumed that for those haunted scenes she and Emma would 'just freak out' and improvise.
But upon arriving on set she discovered it was choreographed, something she had assistance with from movement co-ordinator Marie-Gabrielle Rotie.
They also rehearsed with corsets on, Lily-Rose revealed, which she said helped with the characterization as it gave them insight into the experiences of women in the 1800s.
'It’s helpful, because you’re thinking, "This is what these women at the time would’ve been wearing,"' she explained. 'They would’ve been freaking out in a corset.
'It’s a way of making physical all of the oppression against women at the time.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group