Charli XCX performs earlier this month in New Windsor, N.Y. She and co-headliner Troye Savan wrapped up their tour with a show Wednesday at Climate Pledge Arena in Seattle. (Sinna Nasseri/The New York Times)
Expectations, whether imposed from outside or within, are tricky. Tell it to Charli XCX.
For years, the narrative around the British electro-pop star has been when and if she can ascend to pop music’s top tier, with her left-of-center proclivities and her mainstream moments landing over a decade ago. It’s something Charli XCX has openly grappled with, and over the course of her career, pop music has inched closer to Charli XCX as much as she herself has seemed to reach for the brass ring at times.
Charli XCX seemed to finally transcend pop’s middle class with her summer smash “Brat” LP. There were TikTok dance trends and memes galore as “Brat summer” swept the internet. Network television morning shows ran explainers on the viral mantra and even a Democratic presidential candidate turned their social media bio “brat green,” matching Charli XCX’s album cover. (No, not Joe Biden, but that would have been funnier.)
For the uninitiated, “brat” is equal parts glamorous and trashy. It’s YOLO ferality, middle-fingers-up, bad-girl messiness in the club and possibly crying in the cab ride home. Brat is spitting on the stage floor and licking it up to the rapturous applause of a sold-out arena during your first tour headlining American venues that size.
Yes, that recurring spit bit really happened as Charli XCX brought her co-headlining Sweat Tour with Troye Sivan to Climate Pledge Arena on Wednesday.
Charli XCX has all the reason to declare a hard-earned, uncompromising victory this year. While she took a moment earlier in the day to dunk on one social media doubter with a poster of sold-out tour dates, the Sweat Tour’s final stop in Seattle didn’t feel like a victory lap per se. She and Sivan and their thousands of overlapping fans were too busy living in the sweat-drenched moment during an emotional closing night of the tour.
All the sideshow chatter and weight of industry expectations vanished as soon as the slime-colored curtains dropped, revealing a fist-pumping Charli XCX at the end of the runway stage. The pummeling bass and rush of the sold-out Climate Pledge Arena crowd was as furious as the U.K. pop star’s dance moves during the wormholing electronica bridge on “365,” the remixed version featuring a cameo from tour opener and kindred experimental pop talent Shygirl.
Charli XCX would give the song a more proper performance later in her joint set with Sivan, which clocked in at just under two hours. But in her opening salvo, the “365 party girl” felt more like a warehouse rave commander than traditional pop star cranking up a trio of “Brat” standouts.
It seemed Charli XCX — or more accurately, the cult-following fan base she’s amassed since breaking out in the early 2010s on collaborative hits “I Love It” with Icona Pop and Iggy Azalea’s “Fancy” — had been waiting years to hear an arena crowd belt her lyrics back to her. That years-in-the-making moment came quickly, and with satisfying thunder, on Wednesday when the pixelated prancer “360” erupted in an ebullient singalong.
Performing a joint set, Charli XCX and Sivan alternated stage time, each appearing for a few songs at a time and occasionally crossing paths, as with encore closer “Talk Talk” — the remixed edition of Charli’s “Brat” tune featuring the Australian pop singer. It was a fun and equitable format for the co-headlining tour, hatched long before the leveled-up success of “Brat,” that worked once Sivan hit his dance-pop. But their mismatched energies early on temporarily halted Charli’s club-takeover momentum.
After Charli’s attitude-fueled rager “Von Dutch” capped her first mini set that hit like a shot of green Chartreuse with a Red Bull chaser, Sivan (who opened their set) returned to the stage with a swooning “In My Room,” wearing silk pajama bottoms and seductively sprawling across a silk-sheeted bed.
But Troye, we can’t go home with you yet, we just got to the club.
Savory enough on its own merits, it was an incongruous downshift from Charli’s club teaser. A few minutes later, Charli XCX picked up right where she left off, returning with 4/4 slammer “Club Classics” and parading the minimal industrial stage configuration amid the song’s midrange bass croaks.
Eschewing arena tour conventions, Charli XCX performed without a band, backup dancers or even much stage production, instead successfully relying on her physicality to carry the show. (She’s spent much of her career alternately flirting with and rejecting pop star expectations, so why stop now?)
Just before that germaphobe-triggering floor lick — which came during a throbbing “Guess,” a song co-produced by Woodinville-raised artist The Dare that bites your earlobe in the middle of a crowded dance floor — Charli was Auto-Tune wailing with authority and power, writhing on the stage floor to “Symphony is a Knife.”
It was Sivan, who at one point recalled playing his first-ever show in Seattle nine years ago, who deployed more conventional pop-show theatrics. Frequently joined by a sextet of muscular male dancers (emphasis on the sex), Sivan took boy-band choreography to R-rated territory. Sivan and crew were at their steamiest during a chair-dancing turn through the discreetly lusty “One of Your Girls,” a sultry standout from last year’s “Something to Give Each Other.”
The two stars easing into U.S. arenas together frequently showed their appreciation for each other on closing night of their Sweat Tour. Charli seemed genuinely touched when Sivan joined his dancers in the crowd to perform the viral dance moves for “Apple,” a glossy, midtempo tune that offered a brief respite from her club-rocking euphoria.
“Oh my God, that made me emotional,” she exclaimed through her Auto-Tuned mic upon seeing Sivan among the crowd.
Before Sivan and Charli XCX part ways to headline respective solo tours on different continents, the two pop stars in transition — and thousands of Seattle fans who packed the place — spent two lose-yourself hours inside Climate Pledge Arena reveling in a shared moment in their trajectories. Like watching shooting stars cross in the sky, it was an experience worth savoring.

            Journalists at the Yakima Herald-Republic bring you timely, in-depth and credible local news.
            Your generous donation supports their work.
        
Please select all the ways you would like to hear from us:
You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the link in the footer of our emails. For information about our privacy practices, please visit our website.
We use Mailchimp as our marketing platform. By clicking below to subscribe, you acknowledge that your information will be transferred to Mailchimp for processing. Learn more about Mailchimp's privacy practices here.
Please select all the ways you would like to hear from us:
You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the link in the footer of our emails. For information about our privacy practices, please visit our website.
We use Mailchimp as our marketing platform. By clicking below to subscribe, you acknowledge that your information will be transferred to Mailchimp for processing. Learn more about Mailchimp's privacy practices here.
The Yakima Herald-Republic is hiring.
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers:

                    Sign up to receive news and updates from this site directly to your desktop.
                

                    Click on the bell icon to manage your notifications at any time.
                
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.