Nylon Nights
To discuss: Corrin’s outfit change.
Not sure how we’re still upright after a very social-season-y seven days, but it’s Friday, baby, and we’re alive after hosting a couple of our own functions. Also hitting the party circuit heavily were the celebrities, with Kim Kardashian scooting into Skims’ flagship opening, Charli XCX and Emma Corrin sandwiching Aaron Taylor-Johnson at the Nosferatu afterparty in LA, and Thomas Doherty in a kilt — full stop. Below, see the best photos from the best events of the week.
Charli XCX crossed oceans of time to be at the LA premiere of the vampire flick — or rather, just the Atlantic, probably. Following the screening at TCL Chinese Theater, the pop princess and the movie’s stars — notably, Corrin, who changed into a Rafflesia pricei-resembling Macy Grimshaw dress — moved to the Sunset Tower Hotel, which had been transformed with on-theme “sinful cocktails” and a “foggy, candlelit pool.”
“Kim Kardashian rolled in on a knee scooter” sounds like the beginning of a questionable joke, but that’s just what happened at the party unveiling Skims’ first flagship store on 5th Avenue. Kardashian hobnobbed with A-list guests like Cardi B, Ice Spice, Ciara, Paris Hilton, and FKA twigs on said mobility aid before viewing a performance during which Skims-wearing models posed in the shop windows. An exclusive dinner at ZZ’s Club followed.
While SNL celebrated all things Ireland with Paul Mescal earlier this month, The Glenlivet looked to Scotland with a new tartan pattern in partnership with sexy Scot Thomas Doherty. The brand threw a cocktail at The Corner Store in Soho with friends like Beverly Nguyen and Amrit Tietz joining Doherty, who wore a The Glenlivet tartan kilt that oh-so-perfectly matched his eyes.
The swanky Upper East Side restaurant played host to Kirke and friends — including Tommy Dorfman and Myha’la Herrold — who celebrated Etro’s paisley holiday collection among printed trains and plush teddy bears. 
New York’s most waitlisted restaurant of all time now has a coffee table book dedicated to its decade of slinging spicy rigatoni to Justin Bieber. Mario Carbone joined fellow Major Food Group co-founder Jeff Zalaznick at ZZ’s Club in honor of the Assouline-published tome. After a reading, attendees like publicist Cait Bailey enjoyed passed bites that paid tribute to the celebrity haunt.
The Sydney-founded clothing brand arrived stateside on Dec. 12 with a lush, jazzy dinner at Hotel Chelsea.