By CARLY JOHNSON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  07:09, 9 May 2024   |  Updated:  08:21, 9 May 2024   
 24
View  comments
Charli XCX put on a busty display as she arrived at the 2024 ASCAP Pop Music Awards in Los Angeles on Wednesday.
The British pop diva, 31, turned heads while making her way into the event wearing a low-cut black top.
She styled it with a satin wrap skirt featuring gorgeous Renaissance artwork on it.
A daring slit up the front showed off Charli's killer legs as she posed for photos.
The Good Ones hitmaker — who stunned at Monday's Met Gala in NYC — walked in sexy black boots and her long, raven tresses were tucked behind her ears.
Charli XCX put on a busty display as she arrived at the 2024 ASCAP Pop Music Awards in Los Angeles on Wednesday
As for makeup, she let her natural beauty shine by pairing a sparkly lip gloss with a soft wash of brown shadow on her eyelids.
Charli mingled with legendary musician Paul Williams during her red carpet time.
Steph Jones, who has written songs for Sabrina Carpenter and Selena Gomez, showed off her medal for the cameras after the ceremony. 
The 41st ASCAP Pop Music Awards honored the latest and greatest in songwriting and publishing. 
The invite-only event was held at the historic Houdini Estate in Los Angeles.
Charli received the coveted ASCAP Global Impact Award for her musical contributions and her 'enduring popularity,' as reported by Morning Star.
Pop songstress Olivia Rodrigo and her producer Dan Nigro, whom she collaborated with on her debut album Sour (2020) and the highly-anticipated follow-up Guts (2023), were crowned Songwriters of the Year.
Mariah Carey, Dua Lipa, Meghan Trainor and St. Vincent were also among the songwriters recognized for their work in 2023.
The British pop diva, 31, turned heads while walking into the event wearing a low-cut black top
Charli received the coveted ASCAP Global Impact Award for her musical contributions and her 'enduring popularity,' as reported by Morning Star; seen with Paul Williams
Rema's hit Calm Down featuring Selena Gomez won ASCAP Pop Song of the Year.
Universal Music Publishing Group, who published Calm Down as well as Dua Lipa's Barbie movie track Dance The Night Away, was named Publisher of the Year. 
Charli has been a force in the pop music space since her breakout feature on Icona Pop's 2012 hit I Love It.
Along with releasing her own studio albums, the brunette diva has written songs for major artists like of Selena Gomez, Shawn Mendes and Camila Cabello.
She recently confirmed rumors that she worked on music for a potential new Britney Spears album.
During an appearance on Watch What Happens Live, which aired on Monday, Charli said she did work on new songs even though Spears, 42, denied it in the past.
However, because Spears made a social media post denying the rumors, Charli, born Charlotte Emma Aitchison, said she believed that Spears was not involved in the process of creating her new album.
Williams, clad in a classy suit and tie, presented Charli the honor
Steph Jones, who has written songs for Sabrina Carpenter and Selena Gomez, showed off her medal for the cameras after the ceremony
Chappell Roan handed out the Songwriters of the Year award to her producer Dan Nigro and pop superstar Olivia Rodrigo
Nigro seen with his songwriting honor
The 41st ASCAP Pop Music Awards honored the latest and greatest in songwriting and publishing; award recipient Amanda'Kiddo A.I.' Ibanez pictured
The invite-only event was held at the historic Houdini Estate in Los Angeles; award recipient Michael 'LONDON' Hunter pictured 
Madison Love, who has written for Lady Gaga and Katy Perry, posed up in an edgy chic outfit
The Boom Clap hitmaker reluctantly confirmed the rumor and explained what happened while answering fan questions on Andy Cohen's talk show.
'Um, so. Well, yes, but it leaked to the press,' she said when asked about the star, who recently worried fans with a bizarre display at Chateau Marmont.
She then recalled how Spears had shared a post in January, strongly denying that she worked with her and Julia Michaels on a new album.
At the time, the Toxic singer also declared she would 'NEVER return to the music industry.'
On Watch What Happens Live, Charli recalled the situation and explained: 'Britney then did this post where she was like, "I don't have random people write for me." I was like, okay, go off! So I don't know that she was part of the process.'
'Maybe her team was looking for—' Cohen began before Charli interjected and clarified her thoughts on the series of events.
On Monday, Charli was in NYC attending the stat-studded Met Gala
Charli also recently confirmed rumors that she worked on music for a potential new Britney Spears album. During an appearance on Watch What Happens Live, which aired on Monday, Charli said she did work on new songs even though Spears, 42, denied it in the past
'Her team was running before they could walk,' she said. 'Britney probably has a load of other projects that she's focusing on. So I did get asked but I don't know if it's, like, real.'
Cohen then added: 'Let me ask you this: did you write anything in the hopes of her recording it?
'Of course,' Charli responded. 'I went to Malibu and I wrote. You always write songs hoping Britney's going to record them. But, you know, she didn't record it.'
She said she hoped for the pop star to record the tracks. 'I love her,' she said. 'It would be a dream come true.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group