Nov 6, 2024
AP photo
Joey Valence (left) and Brae of Joey Valence & Brae perform at the Innings Festival on Saturday, March 18, 2023, at Raymond James Stadium in Tampa, Fla. 
2024 has been a great year for new music across multiple genres. Some of my top albums this year include: 
“Prelude to Ecstasy” by The Last Dinner Party
This album combines theatrical singing with indie rock lyrics and instrumentation. The tracks evoke images of womanhood and the struggles that come with it. Some of the most replayable songs on the album include the upbeat “Nothing Matters,” “The Feminine Urge,” and “Caesar on a TV Screen.” 
“Alligator Bites Never Heal” by Doechii
Doechii is a female rap artist that quickly rose to fame between 2019 to present day. Her lyrics are often fun or funny with catchy hooks. Her latest album offers thoughtful reflections on her life with many clever lines that are sure to make you giggle and dance along. My top tracks on this album are “Boiled Peanuts,” “Catfish,”and “Nissan Altima.”
AP photo
Aurora Nishevci (left) Emily Roberts, Casper Miles, Abigail Morris, Lizzie Mayland, and Georgia Davies of The Last Dinner Party perform at Outside Lands Music Festival on Friday, Aug. 9, 2024, in San Francisco, Calif.
“Brat” by Charli XCX
The pop singer-songwriter Charli XCX broke the internet with this smash hit album. If you like to dance and electronic pop music, you will love “Brat.” Charli heavily addressed girlhood and womanhood throughout the heartfelt and fun album. A few of my favorite tracks are “Girl, so confusing,” “Sympathy is a knife,” and “Von dutch.” 
“What A Devastating Turn of Events” by Rachel Chinouriri
This indie singer-songwriter may not be as well known, but she deserves the attention for her vocal talent and lyrical ability to tug on the heartstrings. Her newest album details a complicated love and an even more difficult breakup. The most beautiful songs on this album include “The Hills,” “All I Ever Asked,” and “Never Need Me.” 
“NO HANDS” by Joey Valence and Brae
This hip hop duo hails from State College, Pa., and deserves every bit of fame they received this year and more. If you like old school hip hop and the Beastie Boys, you might just love this extremely fun album. Their most fun songs include “Doughboy,” “The Baddest,” and “No Hands.” 
•••
Brooke Crouse is the City Editor at the Lewistown Sentinel. 
Editor’s note: To submit a nonprofit announcement to The Sentinel’s Religion section, contact Tom Laub at (717) ...
The Sentinel offers nonprofit and other community organizations an opportunity to promote upcoming events for free ...
BEAVER SPRINGS — Auction enthusiasts can unite today for a trifecta of sales on Saturday at the Middlecreek Area ...


LEWISTOWN — It’s that time of year again, an annual spring event that has been held every year for the last ...
PORT ROYAL — The Supporting our Heroes organization will be hosting an inaugural “Heroes and Harmony” event ...


NEWPORT — Perry County Council of the Arts (PCCA) hosted its annual Youth Art Day student showcase on Saturday, ...
Copyright © 2025 Ogden Newspapers of Pennsylvania, LLC | https://www.lewistownsentinel.com | 352 Sixth Street, Lewistown, PA 17044 | 717-248-6741