The music and fashion powerhouses unite for the ultimate surprise concert in the center of Manhattan 
The music and fashion powerhouses unite for the ultimate surprise concert in the center of Manhattan 
Music and fashion lovers alike gathered in Times Square on Monday to see Charli XCX perform under those iconic bright lights. A mere 30 minutes before the performance, a brief event announcement was uploaded on social media and in a few H&M stores. Thousands of people flocked to witness Charli perform on the TSX stage, “in celebration of the H&M’s Holiday collection and re-opening of H&M Times Square,” the brand noted in a statement. 
There was also a star-studded lineup of attendees including Julia Fox, Shay Mithcell, Lila Moss, Iris Law, Alex Cosanni, Irina Shank and more. 
The screens in Times Square were filled with visuals by media artist Maximo Recio, counting down to when Charli hit the stage. Charli’s performance was the finale in a series of pop-ups, performances, club nights, store openings, etc., that H&M arranged to celebrate its vision for the future of fashion.
Charli’s performance look included a semi-sheer draped dress, complete with a high slit and combined bodysuit, black leather belt with silver buckle, sunglasses and heeled knee-high black patent boots. The setlist included her hits “360,” “Von dutch”, “Apple” and “Guess Remix”.
Following the performance, Times Square was illuminated with images highlighting its new H&M Holiday Collection, New York City, and the other cities that were stops on its global marketing tour. There was also an afterparty held at Hotel Chelsea, where Charli changed into a sparkly mini skirt with fringe, black knit and a faux fur coat draped over her shoulders. Model Amelia Gray hosted the afterparty and curated an edit of her favorite styles, for H&M’s new fashion platform, The Studio.
“Charli xcx is a special friend of H&M. Her spirit of innovation and inclusivity is exactly in step with our values,” notes H&M Creative Advisor, Ann-Sofie Johansson. “We are so lucky that she has been a central part of this exciting tour, kicking off the events with a special performance in London, and now wrapping things up with this already-legendary Times Square set.”  
 The new H&M Times Square store is now open with the 2024 Holiday Collection available for purchase in select H&M stores and online.
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!