The elite of the music world made their way to Wimbledon earlier today to watch the women's semi-final.
Stormzy, Central Cee and singer Charli XCX were spotted at Centre Court on the eleventh day of the tennis tournament. Stormzy, 30, was pictured wearing a black bucket hat and dark T-shirt and was seated beside fellow London-born rapper Central Cee, who was wearing a long chain with the late Queen’s head and a woolly hat. The pair took prime position to watch Donna Vekic battle it out against Jasmine Paolini for a place in Saturday’s final.
Sat just behind the two stars was singer Charli XCX. But it seems Charli and Stormzy already know each other as he appeared in her music video for The Boys. Charli, 31, wore dark glasses as she clapped the players and posed for selfies. Also in the crowd was former Made In Chelsea star turned BBC Radio 1 DJ Jamie Laing and his wife Sophie Habboo, who have made a name for themselves following the success of their joint podcast..
The event also saw actor Harry Collett, who plays Jacaerys Velaryon in House Of The Dragon, and Big Brother host AJ Odudu in the crowd. Stormzy was seen speaking to grime star and visual artist Kojey Radical, who was sitting near Sabrina Elba, model and wife of Luther star Idris Elba. Queen Charlotte: A Bridgerton Story actress India Ria Amarteifio, Heartstopper actor Sebastian Croft, singer Sir Cliff Richard, Madness frontman Graham “Suggs” McPherson and model Mia Regan, were also in attendance to watch the match unfold.
The royal box hosted comedian and actor Rob Brydon, ITV journalist Robert Peston and tennis stars Billie Jean King, Annabel Croft and Ilana Kloss. Earlier this month David Beckham made his way to Wimbledon and while he was keen to watch the match, he attracted attention as he was seen sat one row in front of singer Katherine Jenkins. And while at first glance it looked as though it was a case of two celebrities enjoying a game of tennis, it could have been an awkward encounter as the pair became locked in a feud after an email was allegedly leaked, revealing David's true feelings of the star receiving an OBE.
Katherine was awarded an OBE in 2014 and it seemed that the sportsman was far from pleased about her accolade. In leaked emails, David allegedly asked a member of his team: "For what? Singing at the rugby and going to see the troops .F***ing joke." At the time, Katherine later said his words were hurtful and claimed she had not reached out to him or received an apology.
And this may explain why David kept his "intense gaze' forward in a bid to stop photographers capturing a reaction. Speaking about the awkward situation on July 1, body language expert Judi James told the Mirror : "This could potentially have been an awkward moment thanks to a previous exchange about Katherine’s OBE etc but it’s not Beckham’s first rodeo when it comes to avoiding giving the press any meaningful-looking shots. So he seems to keep his intense gaze pointing forward as the singer enjoys the tennis from the row behind. "
She continued: "Beckham had the likes of David Attenborough and even his own mum to occupy his time and attention from a forward-facing position here and even though he was seen swivelling round to greet Jamie Cullum in the row behind, there’s no apparent record of him doing the same to Katherine."
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.