By CAROLINA PIRAS FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  09:08, 6 July 2024   |  Updated:  09:59, 6 July 2024   
 132
View  comments
While Matt opted for denim and a navy jacket with shirt, the Nasty Cherry bombshell flaunted her model physique in a black maxi dress.
The elegant number perfectly hugged her figure and featured a turtleneck. Gabbriette finished off the look with black heels with straps. 
Newly-engaged Matty Healy enjoyed a cigarette break alongside his fiancée Gabbriette Bechtel at The O2 Silver Clef Awards on Friday 
The singer, 35, was snapped puffing away on a cigarette outside the ceremony, held at Grosvenor House Hotel in London 
The frontman looked smitten with Gabbriette, 26, as the pair linked arms on their arrival 
Matty's band The 1975 scooped the award for Best Group during the glitzy night.
The group - Matty, George Daniel, Ross MacDonald and Adam Hann - were joined by the likes of Clara Amfo and Jessie Ware. 
The newly-engaged singer, who recently proposed to his girlfriend Gabbriette, posed for photos after bagging the gong. 
Clara looked sensational in a fitted midi dress, while Jessie stood out in a structured floral skirt. 
Nordoff and Robbins is the UK's largest music therapy charity, with the O2 Silver Clefs Lunch working to raise money for those it supports. 
Chaka Khan declared music 'really does heal' as she picked up her Global Impact Award at this year's O2 Silver Clef Awards.
The 'Queen of Funk', 71, was among a raft of stars – including Mark Knopfler, AC/DC, Jessie Ware and Loyle Carner – honoured at the annual ceremony on Friday (05.07.24) at the Grosvenor House Hotel on Park Lane, London.
Chaka said after picking up her trophy – awarded 'in recognition of her 50 years of international influence': 'Music has always been my solace, my strength, my voice, a gift.
While Matt opted for denim and a navy jacket with shirt, the Nasty Cherry bombshell flaunted her model physique in a black maxi dress 
Matty and his band The 1975 scooped the award for Best Group at the Nordoff and Robbins O2 Silver Clefs (L-R George Daniel, Ross MacDonald, Matty and Adam Hann)
'I'm grateful for this beautiful honour to be part of the Nordoff and Robbins creative community, where the power of music is used to transform, inspire, and bring love to the world. Music really does heal.'
Also honoured at the ceremony were Blur, Texas, Ezra Collective, Jacob Collier, Cat Burns and Young Fathers.
Pop singer Jessie Ware, 39, scooped Best Female, while lauded UK hip hop artist Loyle Carner, 29, took home the Best Male Award.
Scottish act Texas received the Outstanding Achievement Award and ground-breaking composer Jacob Collier, 29, picked up the Innovation in Music Award. 
London singer Cat Burns, 24, received the Best New Music Award and the genre busting Ezra Collective won the Contemporary Music Award. 
Along with paying tribute to some of today's biggest artists, the awards has so far raised £760,000 and counting for Nordoff and Robbins, the UK's largest music therapy charity.
Bosses of the ceremony said: 'The star-studded event is the biggest of the year for the charity, raising essential funds for music therapy services in an increasingly challenging social climate where costs are rising, children face a mental health crisis and nearly one million people will be living with dementia by 2030.
Matty's outing comes after his mother Denise Welch confirmed his engagement to singer Gabbriette. 
The couple, who have been dating since September 2023, are yet to publicly confirm they are to marry, but Denise, 66, revealed she has known of engagement 'for a few weeks'.
The musician proposed to Gabbriette with a huge black diamond ring worth £10,000.
The day after Denise confirmed the happy news on Loose Women, Gabbriette heavily hinted she would be marrying the singer with an Instagram post.
She took to the platform to share a photo of carousel of photos, the first of which showed her putting a middle finger up, giving followers a clear shot of the gorgeous ring for the first time.
Attending the star-studded event at The Grosvenor House Hotel in London, the group were joined by the likes of Clara Amfo and Jessie Ware
The newly-engaged singer, who recently proposed to his girlfriend Gabbriette, posed for photos after bagging the gong
On Loose Women, Denise shared: 'We couldn't be happier. She is everything I would want in a daughter-in-law.'
Denise, who met Gabbriette five months into the model and Matty's relationship, explained that she had been keeping the couple's secret for a while.
'I have known for a few weeks that Matty got engaged,' she told her co-stars. 'They went over to see their friends Charli [xcx] and George in New York.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group