Billal Rahman is an immigration reporter based in London, U.K. He specializes in immigration policy and border security. He has uncovered allegations of misconduct among border agents under investigation and exposed claims of abuse at ICE-run detention centers in the U.S. He joined Newsweek in 2024 from The Independent. He has covered the British Post Office scandal and the conflict between Israel and Hamas. Originally from Glasgow, he studied Journalism in Edinburgh and then worked for STV News before moving to London in 2022. You can contact Billal at b.rahman@newsweek.com.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
Former President Barack Obama praised Charli XCX after including one of her songs on his highly anticipated summer 2024 playlist.
The former president included "365," the final track of Brat, on the playlist earlier this month, a notable departure from the more traditional selections that typically characterize Obama's playlists.
"It is a great album," Obama said on the I've Had ItPodcast. "People question sometimes whether I'm actually listening to all this music. As I've testified before, I am. I get input from my daughters, who undeniably are a little more up-to-speed on a day-to-day basis. I've got a bunch of young staff who will occasionally make recommendations. Charli XCX, she knows what she's doing."
Former President Barack Obama praised Charli XCX after including one of her songs on his highly anticipated summer 2024 playlist.
The playlist features an eclectic mix of artists and showcases a diverse range of musical genres, from timeless classics to contemporary hits. In addition to Charli XCX, the playlist includes tracks by 2Pac, Billie Eilish, and Etta James.
Obama's summer playlists have become an annual tradition. They offer a glimpse into the former president's personal taste in music, which spans across generations and genres. The 2024 playlist continues this tradition, reflecting Obama's broad musical interests and his ability to stay connected with current trends in popular music.
The year's playlist is no exception, continuing to draw interest from both fans of the former president and music enthusiasts alike.
Charli XCX's inclusion is particularly noteworthy, as she is known for her experimental approach to pop music.
Obama joins a long line of politicians supporting the artist after brat, Charli XCX's much-hyped album became one of the soundtracks of the summer.
The album became an unofficial anthem of Democratic politics this summer and has been a politically charged rallying call for Kamala Harris' campaign.
After President Joe Biden endorsed Harris for the presidency, her campaign's @KamalaHQ account on X, formerly Twitter, changed its banner to the same chartreuse green color of the Brat album cover.
On July 22, Charli XCX posted on X, "Kamala IS Brat," in a post that has been viewed more than 55 million times.
Charli XCX, now 31, emerged from an online grassroots fanbase. She began her music career at 14, initially gaining recognition on Myspace. Before producing several records, she spent time DJing at underground raves, gradually becoming a force to be reckoned with in the music industry.
In a boost for Harris, she received a strong surge of support from Generation Z voters.
A USA Today/Suffolk University poll shows Harris is doing 24 percentage points better than Biden among 18-34 year-olds, and voters in the age group moved from supporting Donald Trump by 11 points in a June 30 poll to supporting Harris by 13 points in the latest poll. The Vice President picked up 49 percent of the vote to Trump's 36 percent.
Charli XCX posted on September 2 "Goodbye forever brat summer", but lessons can be learned from one of the most iconic moments in 2024.
Nothing lasts forever, and Democrats and Charli XCX will be interlinked forever as Vice President Harris has become part of the pop album's legacy.
Do you have a story Newsweek should be covering? Do you have any questions about this story? Contact LiveNews@newsweek.com
Newsweek is committed to journalism that's factual and fair.
Hold us accountable and submit your rating of this article on the meter. 
Newsweek is committed to journalism that's factual and fair.
Hold us accountable and submit your rating of this article on the meter. 
Billal Rahman is an immigration reporter based in London, U.K. He specializes in immigration policy and border security. He has uncovered allegations of misconduct among border agents under investigation and exposed claims of abuse at ICE-run detention centers in the U.S. He joined Newsweek in 2024 from The Independent. He has covered the British Post Office scandal and the conflict between Israel and Hamas. Originally from Glasgow, he studied Journalism in Edinburgh and then worked for STV News before moving to London in 2022. You can contact Billal at b.rahman@newsweek.com.
Billal Rahman is an immigration reporter based in London, U.K. He specializes in immigration policy and border security. He has uncovered allegations of misconduct among border agents under investigation and exposed claims of abuse at ICE-run detention centers in the U.S. He joined Newsweek in 2024 from The Independent. He has covered the British Post Office scandal and the conflict between Israel and Hamas. Originally from Glasgow, he studied Journalism in Edinburgh and then worked for STV News before moving to London in 2022. You can contact Billal at b.rahman@newsweek.com.
Billal Rahman is an immigration reporter based in London, U.K. He specializes in immigration policy and border security. He has                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC