First, note CNN's Jake Tapper slipping up and calling CNN's viewers their "voters." 
OK, so, as you'll learn in the video, singer Charli XCX has a new album out called "brat." On Sunday, Charli tweeted simply, "kamala IS brat."
kamala IS brat
As CNN notes, Kamala HQ on X immediately changed its header image to match the color and typeface of Charli's album. 
You're probably asking by now, "Who cares?" To be honest, we certainly don't, but it's fun to watch Tapper and the rest of the CNN panel pretend that they do. How else do you get an account called Pop Base to post a clip from CNN?
CNN talks about Kamala Harris’ ‘brat’ themed campaign.pic.twitter.com/lBjbVEtZNf
We haven't come even close to approximating transparency and accountability for what just happened – assassination attempt, conspiracy to hide POTUS health, POTUS quitting and ghosting – and these prime-time cable news shows are just slinking back to covering fluff bullshit. https://t.co/wkXWpLV54O
Like how she can crack an egg with one hand and the hilarious Captain America fan art.
this is one of the funniest news clips I have ever seen
We’re living unserious times 😭
I can’t take this country seriously
This is so sad to watch
THIS CANT BE REAL
Is this the official rebranding of this woman? For real?
It is a woeful campaign
Not even Harry Sisson or Victor Shi would try to get behind this.
This is what CNN is talking about right??? pic.twitter.com/GFotK2rCMF
Special Gen Z correspondent ???!💀😭
Yeah, we noticed that too. That's probably the grandmother of a Gen Z girl.
This is the worst timeline, someone please end me
Stereogum said of "brat," Charli XCX has said she wanted her new album to be abrasive, down to the puke green color and blurry lettering on its cover. Add Harris' cackle to that combo and it fits like a glove.
The closest this editor is getting to "Brat Summer" is having bratwurst on the grill.
***

                            Copyright Twitchy.com/Salem Media. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you.