This is the first time the pair have co-released a track in over a decade
Charli XCX has enlisted the help of dubstep legends Skream & Benga to remix her recent single, ‘Von dutch’.
“We’ve gone back 2 the future on this one and are buzzing this is the first bit of music in the new Skream & Benga bag to be out there!” Skream detailed on Facebook. “Thanks to everyone for their support - the energy shown to us is phenomenal and to Charli - we love you long time.”
Read this next: Charli XCX and Gesaffelstein link up on new club track 'B2b'
The remix marks the first release from the duo since 2003's  ‘The Judgement’ in 2003 — however, Skream promised the dubstep pioneers have “loads more to come, it’s exciting!”
Skream & Benga's dubstep rework of the single follows another from Charli's regular collaborator and PC Music founder A. G. Cook. This remix also features vocals - including a THAT scream - from internet personality Addison Rae.
The original ‘Von dutch’ was the first single released from Charli’s upcoming album ‘Brat’, set for release on June 7 and featuring production work by Easyfun, A. G. Cook, Hudson Mohawke, Gesaffelstein, George Daniel and Omer Fedi.
Two more singles from the album have also been released, ‘Club classics’ and ‘B2b’.
The rave-inspired ‘Club Classics’ has Charli shout out many artists in the scene, including late artist and close friend SOPHIE.
Last week, Skream and Benga were set to play back-to-back at Coachella and again for its upcoming second weekend, however, due to issues with his touring visa, Benga was forced to cancel these shows.
According to reports, his team working “tirelessly” on his forthcoming US tour with Skream, which included dates at both the opening and closing weekends of Coachella.
Read this next: Charli XCX will explore the grief of losing SOPHIE on upcoming album
“The visa process hit a snag at the very end and they are requesting additional information,” he shared on Instagram. “I am absolutely gutted, my team and I have worked tirelessly on making this happen. But hey, I’m respecting the process and staying positive.”
Skream went on perform at weekend one of Coachella solo, teasing the pair's ‘Von dutch’ remix to audiences in California. Watch the moment he dropped the track below.
Listen to the full track 'The von dutch remix with skream and benga' below.
Becky Buckle is Mixmag's Multimedia Editor, follow her on Twitter

      A weekly rundown of everything you need to know in music and culture
    

  Mixmag will use the information you provide to send you the Mixmag newsletter using Mailchimp as our marketing platform. You can change your mind at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in the footer of any email you receive from us. By clicking sign me up you agree that we may process your information in accordance with our privacy policy. Learn more about Mailchimp's privacy practices here.
  

      A weekly rundown of everything you need to know in music and culture
    

  Mixmag will use the information you provide to send you the Mixmag newsletter using Mailchimp as our marketing platform. You can change your mind at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in the footer of any email you receive from us. By clicking sign me up you agree that we may process your information in accordance with our privacy policy. Learn more about Mailchimp's privacy practices here.