Agenda-setting intelligence, analysis and advice for the global fashion community.
The essential daily round-up of fashion news, analysis, and breaking news alerts.Plus, access one complimentary BoF Professional article of your choice, each month.
Our newsletters may include 3rd-party advertising, by subscribing you agree to the Terms and Conditions & Privacy Policy.
Formerly a front-row presence at Valentino’s haute couture show, Charli XCX is teaming up with the brand’s beauty line as its newest ambassador.
Valentino Beauty announced the singer as its US ambassador today, timing it to the launch of its Spike Valentino Buttery Matte Lip Color. With its spiky package design that the brand describes as “edgy elegance,” the lipstick will be part of her glam routine during her ongoing “Sweat” tour that has been all over social media.
According to an Allure interview, she uses the berry red shade It’s Valentino Baby while performing, as well as its Colorgraph Eyeliner in Rockstud Noir. The singer has been inking a growing number of beauty partnerships this year, previously promoting Laneige and K18. Among Valentino Beauty ambassadors, she joins actress Florence Pugh and actor and singer Tan Jianci, the label’s China brand ambassador.
ADVERTISEMENT
Learn more:
Can Fashion Sell ‘Brat Summer’?
Charli XCX’s latest album “Brat” helped solidify the theme of the summer. For brands and retailers, the race to merchandise and market around it is on.
Liz Flora is a Beauty Correspondent at Business of Fashion. She is based in Los Angeles and covers beauty and wellness.
© 2025 The Business of Fashion. All rights reserved. For more information read our Terms & Conditions
Art museums like the Met make $50 million per year in retail revenue. What happens when beauty brands try to exit through the gift shop? 
The company’s latest results show progress in cutting costs, but projects a steeper slide in sales this year than previously anticipated. 
Starting July 1, Wegovy, not Zepbound, will be preferred on CVS Caremark’s standard formulary.
Luxury fashion brands like Bottega Veneta, Balmain and Rabanne are looking to cash in on the niche fragrance boom with new lines of ultra-premium scents. They face tough competition from more agile indies — and are dealing with a different kind of customer.