By 

	Tomás Mier


Charli XCX is celebrating the end of Brat summer — and gearing up for Sweat tour fall! On Labor Day Monday, Charli XCX bid farewell to summer 2024, which was musically defined by her iconic, chartreuse-colored pop album.

	“Goodbye forever brat summer,” Charli wrote on X.

	Following Brat’s success, Rolling Stone declared that “the world had finally caught up” with the singer. Brat, which dropped on June 7, dominated the cultural conversation this summer, thanks to lyrics in songs “Von Dutch” and “360,” such as “I’m everywhere, I’m so Julia.”

	Charli continued growing the album’s impact with massive remixes of some of the LP’s songs, including the “Girl, So Confusing” remix with Lorde and the Billie Eilish version of “Guess,” and an expanded version of the album called Brat and It’s the Same but There’s Three More Songs So It’s Not. The album also spawned a TikTok dance challenge with her song “Apple.” 
goodbye forever brat summer.

	The LP even had a political crossover. Vice President Kamala Harris’ campaign played into Charli XCX’s Brat summer aesthetic by changing their X header to the chartreuse aesthetic of the British singer’s album after she was announced as a nominee. Charli also later tweeted, “Kamala IS brat.”











	“To be on the right side of democracy, the right side of women’s rights is hugely important to me,” Charli told New York Magazine about the politics-music crossover last month. “I’m happy to help to prevent democracy from failing forever.”





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	









	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	








Brat summer itself might be over, but its songs will live on forever — and during Charli’s upcoming joint tour with Troye Sivan this fall. Shortly after sending out the post, Charli blasted a Community text to her fans with a link to tickets for her upcoming Sweat Tour. “U ready?” she wrote.

	Charli and Troye are set to hit the road on Sept. 14, stopping in cities such as New York, Boston, Chicago, and Nashville.
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.