Dance the night away with looks inspired by party makeup of the past. Here, how to re-create the coolest eyes, lips, and face for any festive occasion.
Every product on this page was chosen by a Harper's BAZAAR editor. We may earn commission on some of the items you choose to buy.
This past year, Charli XCX’s Brat album became a cultural movement. Lyrics like “365 party girl” and “club classics”—on the heels of the nightlife hiatus since 2020—satiated a desire for midnight dancing, fun with friends, and abandoning responsibilities in a club for a few hours. The devil-may-care idea of Brat became such a success, and even influenced beauty trends, in part due to the nostalgia for an easygoing, somewhat grungy way of dressing up and living in a pre-iPhone era—the origin of modern party makeup. Without knowing it, Charli XCX and her flock of club rats gave us all permission to wear delightfully messy smoky eyes and pounds of glitter.
“After years of striving for perfection—from block eyebrows to cut creases in the 2010s—and then doing the minimalistic clean-girl aesthetic more recently, party makeup returning is the pendulum naturally swinging the other way,” says makeup artist Troy Surratt, founder of Surratt Beauty. “Makeup for a fun night out should look lived-in and reminiscent of how it would appear the morning after.”
Whether you’re speaking with makeup artists or just scrolling TikTok or Instagram, the same reference image comes up again and again: an off-duty Kate Moss from the ’90s with a cigarette pressed between her youthful, just-bitten lips and kohl-rimmed eyes with just a hint of sparkle. Fellow party girls emulated and remixed Moss’s look, including nightlife perennial Paris Hilton for her memorable 21st-birthday look in 2002, featuring sooty eyeshadow and a nude frosty lip. “I did my makeup myself that night, and my inspiration was Kate Moss’s smoky eye,” Hilton tells Bazaar. “She was my style icon, and I wanted a look that was both bold and iconic for my 21st.” 
And before Kate, there was Bianca Jagger, Diana Ross, and Grace Jones dancing at Studio 54 with glitter from their eyebrows to their cheeks and artfully smudged glossy red lips. “It was an era before social media and beauty tutorials, so applying products didn’t feel too precious and the looks often felt carefree,” says makeup artist Pat McGrath. 
The glory days of Studio 54 may have been decades ago, but the foundation of party makeup still lies in the undone smoky eye—created with layers of eyeliner and eyeshadow that only look better the longer you’re out dancing. “People would always ask me how to replicate Kate Moss’s smoky rock-chick eyes,” says Charlotte Tilbury, Moss’s longtime makeup artist who also created one of her best-selling palettes for her namesake brand as an ode to the model’s signature late-night look. 
For the perfect hazy smoky eye (seen in 2013 with Marc Jacobs’s Fall collection and more recently on the Helmut Lang Fall 2024 runway), Surratt’s party trick involves smudging black eyeliner into the root of the lashes and then tracing the liner with micellar water so that just the residual black hue is left behind. “It leaves this sootiness that gives a rich and dense smoky look,” he says. 
While black hues and neutral shimmer are classic party-makeup staples, today’s iterations offer more experimentation with color. Makeup artist Romy Soleimani says to look for glittery pastels like lilac or light pink to “add a little hit of color without looking like a peacock.” Better yet, apply the shadow in an elongated, diffused shape à la Hilton’s aforementioned birthday fete.
Frosty lips of the early aughts live on many a holiday beauty mood board, but McGrath’s modern take lends a subtle hint of shine, as seen on the Miu Miu Spring 2025 runway, where she used eyeshadow to create a metallic glitter lip liner. “It’s a small gesture that looks incredibly luxe, like jewels on your lips,” she says. 
Glitzy glosses are another easy way to add a hint of celebratory shimmer. “We are seeing a return of ’90s lip gloss,” Surratt adds. “They may be outperforming traditional lipstick. Plus, applying a tube of gloss requires little care or effort.” We love Pat McGrath Labs Lust: Gloss for an instant and multidimensional glittery lip—especially, as McGrath suggests, if it’s layered over a nude lip liner. 
In the same vein, long-lasting lip stains are a contemporary way of adding subtle color that will last through sips, bites, and more. But, when in doubt, a red lip always feels festive, Soleimani says. Try Nars Ultimate Luxury Explicit Lipstick in Unauthorized for a classic holiday-red hue.
One of the biggest departures from previous eras of party makeup is the current skin-first, dewy approach to complexion. “Fresh, clean skin means you can go crazy and play on the rest of the face,” Soleimani says, suggesting that you should ditch the heavy contouring and layers of powder. Milk Makeup’s cult-favorite Hydro Grip Primer now comes in an iridescent shade that adds both base longevity and a golden tint. Glowy skin is now a head-to-toe proposition, as body glitter has made its way to the forefront of festive glam. “The rise of body makeup came out of the ’90s,” Surratt explains. “Light reflection on the body was extremely prevalent then, especially if you were showing some skin.” Instead of going full disco ball, try a skincare hybrid like Anastasia Beverly Hills Shimmer Body Oil that adds both moisture and a healthy sheen to the skin.
The key to achieving the perfect party makeup look is not to overthink it. “In the ’90s, people would pick one feature to be the star of the look, but the beauty of today is that there are no rules and there’s a more casual approach to makeup,” Surratt explains. “You can put glitter all over your face and wear a red lip if you want. Anything goes.”
I Tried Meghan Sussex's Complete Skincare Routine 
How to Get the Dandy Look
Ariana Greenblatt Is the New Face of L’Oréal Paris
15 SPF Moisturizers to Streamline Your Routine
How No-Makeup Makeup Revolutionized Beauty
The 43 Best Beauty Products Under $30
The 10 Colognes for Spring 2025 Experts Love
The 10 Best Butter Yellow Nail Polishes for Spring
The Best Microneedling Serums, According to Derms
Don't Miss Amazon's Limited-Time K-Beauty Deals
The 10 Best Drugstore Foundations for Mature Skin
The 10 Best Drugstore Toners Under $25
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.