By MARIA CHIORANDO FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  10:41, 1 November 2024   |  Updated:  10:44, 1 November 2024   
 81
View  comments
The Collins Word of the Year for 2024 has been reveals - and much to the delight of Charli XCX fans, it is 'brat'.
Coined by the British singer, the word was very popular on social media this Summer - particularly among Gen Z-ers.  
From people claiming they're having a 'brat girl summer' with their 'rodent boyfriends' who are wearing outfits that are 'giving', many may feel baffled by what their younger peers are saying. 
But it would seem there is no escape from the TikTok generation's slang, as it has even seeped into the US Presidential election. 
Earlier this year, Charli XCX even branded Vice President Kamala Harris 'brat', in a post on X (formerly Twitter). 
Collins word of 2024 is 'brat' - as popularised by musician Charli XCX (pictured). Using the word as the name of her sixth studio album, it was redefined as being 'characterised by a confident, independent, and hedonistic attitude'
The word made its way into the US electoral race when the musician branded vice president Kamala Harris 'brat' in a post on X (formerly Twitter)
Charli (real name Charlotte Aitchison) sent TikTok into a spiral earlier this year when her sixth studio album titled Brat inspired a trend that became a lifestyle, rather than just an aesthetic
'Kamala IS brat,' the pop artist insisted on social media. Her X post has been viewed more than 50 million times. 
With Gen Z lingo not only snapping up the Word of the Year spot, but also being used on the firing line of one of the most historic elections in recent decades, it's time to brush up on your lingo.
Charli (real name Charlotte Aitchison) sent TikTok into a spiral earlier this year when her sixth studio album titled Brat inspired a trend that became a lifestyle, rather than just an aesthetic.
Brat was redefined as being 'characterised by a confident, independent, and hedonistic attitude' and rapidly became the aesthetic movement of the summer, the dictionary said.
The movement became about embodying self-love, positive body image and sultry style choices, marking a sharp departure from the preceding "clean girl" trend, which promoted things such as yoga, early nights and slicked back hair.
Lexicographers at Collins Dictionary put 'brat"'at the top of the list after looking at media sources, including social media, because the term has been "embraced so widely".
The dictionary said the phrase had become 'one of the most talked about words of 2024'.
Here, FEMAIL gathered a list of some other popular terms floating around the internet's realm - including 'rizz', 'ate' and 'stan'.
But how many do you know? Take the quiz to find out... 
Your browser does not support iframes.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group