Let us know your top music drop of the week by voting in our poll.

													By
												

	Rania Aniftos


	Summer is continuing to heat up when it comes to new music releases.

	Charli XCX continued Brat summer with a remix of “Guess” featuring Billie Eilish. Fans first began speculating that Eilish would be the surprise guest on the new track when Charli teased a new collaborative version of the song, with her special guest’s face cropped out of the photo. Spotting a set of rings Eilish has been wearing lately, fans immediately placed their bets that the “360” singer tapped Eilish for the guest spot.

	More collaborations of the week included A$AP Rocky teaming up with Jessica Pratt for “HIGHJACK” and Jessie Murph calling on Teddy Swims for “Dirty.”

	












	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Billie Eilish		
					






















	
		
					Charli xcx		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	Meanwhile, Jack White’s No Name album arrived on streaming services nearly a month after he secretly released it and had employees at Third Man Records’ retail shops secretly slipping it into customers’ bags.




			Trending on Billboard		






	Khalid dropped his long-awaited third studio album, Sincere. “When I debuted, I was 17 years old. I had no true sense of self,” he told Billboard. “I was writing not even from my experiences. I feel like this album is exactly that. I took it back to basics and I approached it as if I was debuting as an artist all over again. It’s like I’m coming right back to the start of my journey but this time with more insight and knowledge.”

	That’s just the tip of the iceberg, and we want to know your top release of the week. Check out our Friday Music Guide here, and let us know by voting below.

What’s Your Favorite New Music Release?
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.