Newcity
Chicago Arts & Culture
by Ray Pride | September 23, 2024
Get Chicago & Midwest culture news sent to your inbox every weekday morning. Subscribe to Newcity Today here.
ART
Art Institute Appoints Curator Of Modern And Contemporary Art
The Art Institute of Chicago has appointed Paulina Pobocha to chair and curator of modern and contemporary art, relays the Art Institute. She “will lead the modern and contemporary department to build on the existing success of the department’s program of acquisitions, exhibitions, and gallery rotations. She brings vast and diverse expertise as an art historian, writer and curator specializing in art created between 1900 and today.” At the Hammer Museum she was senior curator, “and has played a crucial role in [shaping] the museum’s contemporary collections and exhibitions program. While at the Hammer, she collaborated with the Art Institute team on ‘Christina Ramberg: A Retrospective.'”
Her work will continue to affect audiences nationwide “through her collaboration with Essence Harden organizing the next edition of the Hammer’s ‘Made in L.A.’ biennial, surveying art from the greater Los Angeles region opening in fall 2025.” Her major survey of the work of German artist Thomas Schütte opens at MoMA this month.
On “The Imperative For Museums To Evolve Into Something New”
At The Art Newspaper, Jorrit Britschgi, executive director of the Rubin Museum of Art, writes about “embracing non-attachment and impermanence”: “One of the central challenges facing the museum field is the question of how to best share collections, especially historical ones, in ways that are inspiring, relevant and reflective of changing audiences’ wants and needs. While museums have been around for centuries, the fact that most still operate like their precursors is surprising in today’s shifting landscape. We need disruptive takes on the museum model in order to have the greatest impact well into the future.”
LaToya Ruby Frazier On Workers At MoMA
“For LaToya Ruby Frazier, ownership for the working class is an ethical, intellectual and practical concern,” writes Taylor Michael at The Baffler in an extended description of exhibits at the just-closed “Monuments of Solidarity.” “Frazier centers the worker—even when museums don’t… MoMA cannot use artists who engage with working-class struggles to divert attention from how they treat their own workers.”
Director Named As Jewel-Box Frick Museum Prepares To Reopen
New York City’s Frick Collection “has tapped Axel Rüger as its next director, succeeding Ian Wardropper, who held the role for fourteen years,” reports Artnet. “Rüger, fifty-six, was also previously the curator of seventeenth- and eighteenth-century Dutch paintings at London’s National Gallery—a good fit for the Frick, known for its collection of European Old Masters.” Rüger “will start at the Frick next spring—likely around the time that the museum will unveil a long-awaited expansion and renovation.” More Frick here.
DESIGN
CTA Head Outlines Plan For Budgeting Millions More
“CTA president Dorval Carter outlined an ambitious vision for [increasing] train lines and bus routes in Chicago—if the state legislature comes through with needed cash for the agency,” reports the Tribune. “A revamped bus network with eight-minute frequencies on dozens of routes, five- to six-minute waits between trains at all times, more bus lanes and bus rapid transit systems, new train stations and extending rail lines could be Chicago’s, as long as the CTA has the support of the Illinois General Assembly… ‘These are all visionary ideas that bear continued discussion and progress, but they must be done by a transit agency that is not cut off at the knees, or suggested as pie in the sky, just because there is a belief that there’s not enough return on investment.'”
The Sun-Times: Carter “wants the city to have a ‘world-class’ transit system equal to those in Paris and London… He also made the case against a proposal in Springfield to consolidate the area’s four transit agencies—the CTA, Metra, Pace and Regional Transit Authority—arguing that separate agencies have never been the problem, unlike decades of disinvestment.”
Chicago-Area Frank Lloyd Wright Homes Selling Faster Than Usual
“Two Frank Lloyd Wright houses that hit the market this month each lined up potential buyers in less than a week, setting a swifter pace for a category of homes that used to linger on the market, sometimes for years,” reports Dennis Rodkin at Crain’s.
Revamped Plans For Wicker Park Orphanage Building
“Proposed changes to a 22,000-square-foot Wood Street building failed to satisfy at least one neighborhood preservation leader, who said residents are looking into taking the developer to court,” relays Crain’s. “The developer who wants to buy a partially rehabbed historical Marks Nathan orphanage building in Wicker Park—whose conversion into a giant single-family home stopped years ago—revised his plan in ways that might make it more palatable to the surrounding community.”
DINING & DRINKING
Tavern On Rush 2.0 Is Upon Us
“The familiar sign is visible across the street from Phil Stefani’s original restaurant,” reports Eater Chicago, featuring the “oval-shaped black and gold logo with the tagline ‘an exciting restaurant.'” The revival is scheduled to open Monday, September 30 “at the Thompson Hotel inside the former Nico Osteria, the lauded Italian seafood restaurant that opened in 2013 by the team behind the Publican and Big Star.”
Foxtrot’s New Owners Look To Rebuild Trust After Abrupt Bankruptcy
“The specialty grocer has reopened two Chicago locations and plans to open more but said it must navigate a few hurdles while reviving the brand,” reports the Sun-Times. When the previous incarnation “abruptly shuttered, it surprised many of their vendors… and Chicago-based companies such as Kyoto Black and Onigiri Kororin. Even employees and customers had been left in the dark.” Foxtrot is “making a comeback after New York investment firm Further Point Enterprises purchased the company’s assets in May at an online auction for an estimated $2.2 million… Rebuilding trust among vendors and customers is an obstacle as Foxtrot looks to revive the brand. The grocer must also renegotiate leases, obtain new licenses and [hire] its staff as it returns to market.”
Peoria Cafe Attracted Charli XCX As Regular
Ahead of the “Sweat” tour, Charli XCX was a regular at Intuition Coffee + Juice in downtown Peoria, reports Peoria Journal Star. “A staff member and longtime fan was working during one visit and was surprised when she ordered two of his favorite items—the nitro cold brew and avocado toast. He described the experience as ‘surreal.’ … Charli XCX ordered other items—such as the Swift Kick in the Grass cold-pressed juice—which match the color scheme of her hit 2024 album… ‘We just all agreed we wanted to show her, like, just the finest Midwestern hospitality we could and respect her privacy.'”
Coffee Prices Affected By Brazil Drought
“In Brazil, the world’s largest coffee producer,” reports AP, farmers are “grappling with the nation’s worst drought in more than seven decades and above-average temperatures… Vietnam, the world’s second-biggest coffee producer, is experiencing heat and drought, affecting its crops. Potential supply shortages in both countries have started driving up global coffee prices.”
FILM & TELEVISION
Oprah Buys Back Rights For Apple TV+ Doc She Doesn’t Like
“Oprah Winfrey paid a fortune to Apple TV+ chiefs to buy… the rights to a documentary about her life,” reports the New York Post. “Apple announced with great fanfare in 2021 that Oscar-winning filmmaker Kevin Macdonald would be directing the documentary about the talk show host-turned-media mogul… Macdonald, who teamed up with Winfrey’s longtime producer Lisa Erspamer on the project, had clashed with the seventy-year-old billionaire after he finished the film.” Says an Oprah spokesperson, “As the Apple TV+ deal was coming to an end, Ms. Winfrey bought back the rights to her docuseries and has since decided to put the doc on hold.”
“Hoop Dreams” Thirtieth-Anniversary Basketball Court Coming To Garfield Park
A “Hoop Dreams” thirtieth-anniversary basketball court is being dedicated at the Jackson Street court in Garfield Park, posts Arthur G. Agee Jr. on Facebook. The unveiling is set for September 28 at 10am. The Guardian’s March lookback at the film and its subjects is here.
Set Designer For Ebert And Siskel Show Was Ninety
Mickey Loewenstein, WTTW set designer for Roger Ebert and Gene Siskel, “was a master of forced perspective, a technique he used to make the Sun-Times and Tribune film critics look as if they were offering up movie reviews from the balcony of a large movie theater instead of inside a tiny TV studio,” reports the Sun-Times. “The show, which debuted in 1975 as ‘Opening Soon… at a Theater Near You,’ changed names and broadcast affiliates over its decades-long run. But the set that Mr. Loewenstein created, or variations of it, remained a staple. ‘I wanted them sitting in the movies like anyone else, not in some director’s chairs or anything, and, by God, Mickey figured it out,’ said Thea Flaum, who produced the show. ‘He was a genius.'”
LIT
How Bookstores Across America Are Approaching Book Bans
“Indie booksellers are rising up to defend the freedom to read alongside educators and librarians,” reports Publishers Weekly. “Perhaps no bookstore in America’s heartland better exemplifies a commitment to the freedom to read than Loudmouth Books, in Indianapolis. It was founded a year ago by YA author Leah Johnson specifically to sell banned and challenged books. ‘Such books are at the center of everything we do at Loudmouth,’ Johnson says, noting that every customer receives the ‘same cold open,’ with a bookseller explaining the store’s mission. Handselling at Loudmouth involves more than marketing a title. ‘We’re trying to sell the idea that these books should remain accessible; they should be read widely and freely… It doesn’t matter what it is—romance, works in translation—we make sure every display centers the voices of those most in danger of being flagged.'”
MEDIA
Three Mile Island Nuclear Plant Will Reopen To Power Microsoft AI
A twenty-year Microsoft “deal with Constellation Energy would kick-start the site of the nation’s worst nuclear accident,” reports the Wall Street Journal. “Constellation would revive the plant’s undamaged reactor, which was too costly to run and closed in 2019, and sell the power to Microsoft,” which will buy all that is produced. “The plan signals the gargantuan amount of power needed for data centers for AI.” The corporation “expects to spend around $1.6 billion to restart the reactor by early 2028.”
Adds the Washington Post: “Three Mile Island would provide Microsoft with the energy equivalent it takes to power 800,000 homes, or 835 megawatts. Never before has a U.S. nuclear plant come back into service after being decommissioned, and never before has all of a single commercial nuclear power plant’s output been allocated to a single customer.” (FWIW, from the Office of Nuclear Energy, here’s “Seven Things ‘The Simpsons’ Got Wrong About Nuclear.”)
MUSIC
Chicago Bluesman Nick Gravenites, Writer For Janis Joplin, Was Eighty-Five
Nick Gravenites, “a Chicago blues musician who relocated to San Francisco in the 1960s and played an important role in that city’s burgeoning rock scene… was eighty-five,” reports Deadline. “By the mid-1950s he’d immersed himself in Chicago’s blues scene, forming… a ‘coterie of misfit white kids’ with such future rock stars as Elvin Bishop, Paul Butterfield and Michael Bloomfield. The blues acolytes became a fixture in the South Side bars and clubs that hosted such greats as Muddy Waters, Buddy Guy, Howlin’ Wolf, Jimmy Reed and Otis Rush, absorbing the musical lessons that they’d transform into the blues rock and psychedelic guitar rock of the mid- to late-1960s and seventies… Settling into the burgeoning Haight-Ashbury music scene, Gravenites—who sang, played the guitar and harmonica and was a prolific songwriter—teamed with his old Chicago pal Bloomfield to form the Electric Flag in 1967. The group, with Gravenites on vocals, performed at the 1967 Monterey Pop Festival, and [its influence on] San Francisco’s blues-rock bands of the day, notably Quicksilver Messenger Service and Big Brother and the Holding Company, was considerable.”
“With Gravenites’ support and encouragement, Joplin left the band in 1968 and struck out on her own as a solo artist. Both Gravenites and Bloomfield helped shape Joplin’s first solo album, 1969’s ‘I Got Dem Ol’ Kozmic Blues Again Mama!,’ with Gravenites writing the track ‘Work Me Lord’ for the record.” (Gravenites is celebrated on his Facebook page here.)
George’s Music Room Could Return
Owner George Daniels announced the return of George’s Music Room on stage at the Englewood Music Festival on September 14, reports the TRiiBE, with an update from Daniels: “I want to clarify that we are currently in the conceptual phase of discussions. No formal agreements have been reached with the property owners at this time… For nearly thirty years, I have called the Lawndale community home and the anchor for building one of the most successful record stores in the country. It’s crucial to respect the process and engage with our elected officials and community stakeholders to determine the best use of the former George’s Music Room space.” 
D-Composed Makes Harris Debut With Davóne Tines And The Truth
Chicago Black chamber music collective D-Composed makes its Harris Theater debut in collaboration with acclaimed bass-baritone, Davóne Tines and his band The Truth (bassist Khari Lucas and pianist John Bitoy) for a one-night-only Chicago premiere of “Robeson: An Electro-Gospel Acid Trip.” Created by Tines and director Zack Winokur, “Robeson” is a concert that tells the story of influential singer-actor-activist Paul Robeson via his musical repertoire across gospel, classical, Broadway and folk. “Robeson” will feature D-Composed performing alongside Tines and The Truth in new arrangements by Chicago composer Ahmed Al Abaca. Tickets ($23) here.
STAGE
Director Yuval Sharon On “Reassembling Opera”
“I want a production to constantly unsettle the audience and ask for continuous renegotiations of their experience,” writes Detroit Opera artistic director Yuval Sharon in his new book, reviewed by the Wall Street Journal. Sharon argues “that the foundational characteristics of opera—collaborative, boundary-crossing, multistranded, experimental—should be embraced in all their messiness and ambiguity. ‘Rebirth is opera’s true power,’ Mr. Sharon writes, and suggests that the art form is infinitely richer and more welcoming than that tired old image suggests.”
“Parade” Comes To Chicago
Broadway In Chicago will bring the musical “Parade” to the CIBC Theatre for a limited two-week engagement, August 5-17, 2025. Max Chernin and Talia Suskauer will play Leo Frank and Lucille Frank on this national tour. More here.
ARTS & CULTURE & ETC.
3Arts Announces Winners Of $30,000 Awards To Be Celebrated At Harris Theater In October
3Arts, the Chicago-based nonprofit grantmaking organization, announces the recipients of this year’s 3Arts Awards, with over a half-million dollars distributed to local artists. The 2024 recipients of the unrestricted $30,000 grants are dance artists Imania Fatima Detry and Robby Lee Williams; musicians Emily Beisel and Wanees Zarour; teaching artists Rich Robbins and Stephanie Manriquez; theater artists Shariba Rivers and Levi Wilkins; and visual artists Cecilia Beaven Gallegos and Farah Salem. The organization will honor the recipients on Monday, October 21 at the Harris Theater for Music and Dance. Funds raised will be split between 3Arts and the Chicago nonprofit Center for Native Futures. Tickets ($150-$300) to the 2024 3Arts Awards Celebration include a welcome reception, awards program and an afterparty here.
Chicago Billiard Café Under New Ownership
The Chicago Billiard Café is under new management. CBC says that it “is proudly a majority woman-owned business that is expanding to reach a more diverse customer base. Founded in 1982, CBC, a 4,000-square-foot space, is one of Chicago’s premiere pool halls. We are honoring Chicago as the birthplace and world headquarters of pinball by adding pinball to our pool hall. Additionally, we have a mezzanine space that will feature art exhibitions by local artists.” More on Instagram here.
What Comes After ShotSpotter?
Fran Spielman reports at the Sun-Times: “Lost in the debate is what happens after the system goes dark. How will the technology centers in twelve of the twenty-two police districts where crime is highest—and where residents are most reluctant to call 911—continue to operate without ShotSpotter?” Says Anthony Driver, Jr., “president of the Community Commission on Public Safety and Accountability, Chicago’s civilian police oversight panel, on the day after the City Council showdown, ‘What do we do when this goes off? How do we tell residents to make sure that you call 911 for people who need EMS services? Upward of eighty percent in many communities, people don’t call 911 when there is a shooting… I am worried about if somebody gets shot and needs aid and they’re unable to get it because no one dials 911.'”
Executive Director For West Central Association
“The West Central Association, the official chamber of the West Loop, has named an executive director to lead its efforts, ending a yearslong vacancy,” reports Block Club. “Patti Doyle is joining the West Central Association… after more than two decades of experience in the private sector, including roles as CEO of Rumi Spice, interim CEO of Vennli and marketing and communication leadership positions… Doyle will be in charge of helping the WCA expand its support services, enhance business networking opportunities and advocate for key initiatives that will benefit the West Loop business corridor.”
Bye, Ballhawks
Block Club profiles the disappearance of street-level baseball-chasers outside Wrigley Field. “Only a handful of ‘truly crazy’ ballhawks still regularly take to Waveland Avenue since the Cubs moved back Wrigley’s fences and installed large video boards. But one rookie has brought the hawks a new tool: a drone.”
Send culture news and tips to [email protected]
Copyright Newcity Communications, Inc. © 2025