By ALICE WADE and ELMIRA TANATAROVA 
 Published:  00:01, 13 December 2024   |  Updated:  07:42, 13 December 2024   
 7
View  comments
They dominated the charts for months, and the evidence was plain to see last week when Spotify wrapped was released - but the 2024 pop princesses also appear to have taken a hold over our wardrobes too.
According to the John Lewis Shop Live Look Product Report, the beauty and fashion trends of 2024 were marked by the signature looks of some of the biggest charting female artists.
Fans of Taylor Swift, Sabrina Carpenter and Charli XCX paid homage to the musicians' work by replicating their trademark style staples.
Demand for sequin dresses exploded during the UK leg of Taylor Swift's Eras tour with searches shooting up by 357 per cent.
Meanwhile, bold blushes splashed back onto our faces this year thanks for the apple red cheeks of Sabrina Carpenter. 
And Charli XCX's hold over the glamorous shoulders of party-mad Brat fans proved as powerful as ever with a 173 per cent rise in searches to leopard print. 
She stole the hearts of Gen Z with her party packed album, full of hedonistic anthems and rave-worthy tracks. 
Wearing scarcely more than a 'white vest top with no bra', the pop princess encouraged her fans to go fourth and party, inspiring a new wave of glamorous fashion.
As colder temperatures descended, Charli declared it was 'Brat autumn', snuggling up into a plush leopard print coat.
The Guess singer was pictured modelling for H&M's A/W 2024 Campaign, sporting a deliciously soft coat in leopard print. 
And fans took note. Searches for leopard print blouses on JohnLewis.com rose a whopping 173 per cent as compared to previous 12 months.
Elsewhere, having fallen from grace during the 80s, blusher made a huge comeback this year thanks to the help of Sabrina Carpenter - who's signature look blends bold blowout hair with even bolder red cheeks.
The American singer drew in millions of fans when she released her album Short n' Sweet on 23 August, more than four months after releasing the charting success song, Espresso - which was named the UK song of the summer.
And thanks to the rise in 'girlcore', dozens of new blush trends dominated social media with 'blush-touring', 'sunset blush' and 'glazed blush' each having their moments on TikTok.
At John Lewis, sales of blusher shot up 23 per cent between May and June 2024, while her song was at number one in the charts. 
Fans of Taylor Swift , Sabrina Carpenter and Charli XCX paid homage to the musicians' work by replicating their trademark style staples
Searches for leopard print blouses on JohnLewis.com rose a whopping 173 per cent as compared to previous 12 months
Taylor Swift meanwhile, showed us she can indeed still make the 'whole place shimmer', after bringing her global Eras tour to the UK in June
Demand for sequin dresses exploded during the UK leg of Taylor Swift's Eras tour with searches shooting up by 357 per cent 
Elsewhere, having fallen from grace during the 80s, blusher made a huge comeback this year thanks to the help of Sabrina Carpenter - who's signature look blends bold blowout hair with even bolder red cheeks
At John Lewis, sales of blusher shot up 23 per cent between May and June 2024, while her song was at number one in the charts.
Taylor Swift meanwhile, showed us she can indeed still make the 'whole place shimmer', after bringing her global Eras tour to the UK in June. 
'At John Lewis there was a notable effect,' the report said. 'Between the 7th and 22nd June – the first UK leg of her tour – searches for girls sequin dresses shot up 357 per cent on the year before. And it wasn’t just the children looking for extra sparkle: sequin skirt searches jumped 98 per cent.'
Beyond the influence of pop culture, the retailer revealed the 'rapid ascent of lipglosses, balms and oils, which now make up half of all sales of lip products'.
Another hot item was the Oura Ring - an accessory which monitors health metrics - and is beloved by A-listers.
'The Oura, worn by Gwyneth Paltrow, Prince Harry, Mark Zuckerberg and the England football team, rapidly became the ultimate status symbol of 2024,' the department store revealed. 
'Since their launch in June, one in two rings sold at John Lewis is an Oura, making it not just one of the biggest tech products of the year, but a major "jewellery" brand.'
Other fashion highlights at the shop included the rise of borg, a material often associated with teddy coats, in sleep wear.
John Lewis reported that sales of borg nightwear nearly doubled over the last year, with sales up 99 per cent.
John Lewis credits the surge, which saw many women purchasing small-sized men’s shirts for the true Sloane Ranger style, with Ralph Lauren, Gant, Crew and Aubin being popular brand picks - to the movie Saltburn
Sporty prep appeared to still be leading the pact, as rugby shirt sales have grown 30 per cent over the past 12 months - a style that is popular in both womenswear and menswear. Pictured, Ralph Lauren via John Lewis, £119
'Specifically, borg pyjama sets have shot up in popularity, partly because they are substantial enough to be worn all day as loungewear,' the brand explained.
Elsewhere, sporty prep appeared to still be leading the pact, as rugby shirt sales have grown 30 per cent over the past 12 months - a style that is popular in both womenswear and menswear.
John Lewis credits the surge, which saw many women purchasing small-sized men’s shirts for the true Sloane Ranger style, with Ralph Lauren, Gant, Crew and Aubin being popular brand picks - to the movie Saltburn.
'It divided critics but many fell in love with the swagger of the movie, notably the noughties-era, Oxford student look: cricket jumpers, blazers with piping, breton stripes, gold buttons, loafers and mini-skirts,' the report detailed.
'Yes, preppy style is back, thanks in part to how darn good Jacob Elordi looked in a rugby shirt – collar up, of course.'
Keeping in theme with relaxed fits, another popular look this year were romantic, ruffled tops and dresses, accentuated with sheer, floaty features. Meanwhile more unconventional silhouettes have also come into the fray.
The report found that designers have been experimenting with 'bolder and wider shapes' for jeans, 'notably the barrel, which – as the name suggests – nips in at the waist, curves out around the knees, before tucking back in at the ankle'.
Searches for barrel leg jeans up jumped up 60 per cent on last year on JohnLewis.com.
According to the John Lewis Shop Live Look Product Report, the beauty and fashion trends of 2024 were marked by the signature looks of some of the biggest charting female artists. Stock image
When it comes to beauty, John Lewis pointed out that we've all been focused on taking care of our hair this year.
Hair-tech in particular is all the rage, with Shark's flexstyle range – which costs between £243 and £369 – seeing its sales jump 154 per cent. 
It features a plethora of products, brushes, diffusers and attachments that promise to achieve different results.
John Lewis says it's 'proof that people are prepared to invest serious money in innovative devices that promise not to damage their hair'.
'Glass hair' - and a focus on sleek, glossy tresses - has taken over our feeds and follicles too.
'Sales of hair masks, hair oils and hair gloss have all shot up, climbing 33 per cent on last year, with Ouai scalp serum a particular hit,' the report said.
'It is partly driven by celebrities, such as Bella Hadid and Zendaya, showcasing shiny hair, partly by a TikTok going crazy for Ouai – an American brand launched by Khloe Kardashian’s hair stylist – but also by something more fundamental: women understanding that super-glossy hair comes from a healthy and hydrated scalp.
'This isn’t solely about a look, but about looking after one’s hair with the same care that we’ve learned to look after our skin.'
The shiny, silky look isn't just limited to our locks - sales of lip glosses, balms and oils have shot up 34 per cent at John Lewis, compared to last year.
And when it comes to smelling good, it looks like shoppers have majorly stepped up their game. 
Compared with 2019, John Lewis is selling four times the amount of eau de parfum, while sales of eau de toilette have slipped a little. 
When it comes to the things we left behind, it appears we are done trying to squeeze all our belongings into micro purses.
In 2023, eight of John Lewis’s top ten best selling bags were small cross body, phone or clutch bags, and this year just four of the top ten were.
And it would appear that Britons are taking the sun more seriously - sales of SPF30 have fallen 'significantly' (down 20 per cent on last year) - in favour of the higher SPF50, sales for which have leaped 18 per cent.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group