By 

	Jon Blistein


Finneas went to bat for his sister Billie Eilish over her new “Guess” remix with Charli XCX in response to a rather scorching TikTok take that (it’s probably worth noting) was likely designed to be as inflammatory as possible.

	The hot take in question was delivered by a user who doesn’t post much but tends to dabble in pretty wild (and, dare we say, obvious) reaction bait. In this TikTok, they posited that Eilish’s verse on “Guess” was “highly predatory,” but listeners were “blindsided by her usual queerbaiting for commercial gain.” 

	It continued: “Ever since the Lost Cause controversy” — a nod to claims that Eilish was queerbaiting in the video for the Happier Than Ever single — “she’s been reducing girls to mere objects, all in an effort to convince the masses that she’s actually into them lol. Charli is 32 and engaged FYI.” 

	Finneas, in response, got in the comments and fired back: “What a take you little clown. I got to watch the entire internet slam my sister for queer-baiting for an entire year when in reality, you were all forcing her to label and out herself.” 

	









FINNEAS defends sister Billie Eilish against TikTok creator labelling her ‘Guess’ verse as predatory towards Charli xcx:“I got to watch the entire internet slam my sister for queer-baiting for an entire year when in reality, you were all forcing her to label and out herself.” pic.twitter.com/trjsksxMiA

	In her Rolling Stone cover story earlier this year, Eilish spoke frankly about her sexuality, as well as becoming more comfortable with discussing it publicly — something she never thought she’d do. In the interview, she noted that making her Hit Me Hard and Soft song “Lunch” — in which she compares sex with a girl to devouring a meal — helped her “become who I am.” 

	She continued: “I wrote some of it before even doing anything with a girl, and then wrote the rest after. I’ve been in love with girls for my whole life, but I just didn’t understand — until, last year, I realized I wanted my face in a vagina. I was never planning on talking about my sexuality ever, in a million years.”

	Eilish came out somewhat inadvertently in an interview with Variety in 2023 when she said she was attracted to women. A month later, on the red carpet for Variety’s Hitmakers event, she was asked if she intentionally came out and replied, “No, I didn’t. But I kind of thought, ‘Wasn’t it obvious?’” The interview, however, left her frustrated, and afterward, Eilish posted on Instagram, “Thanks Variety for my award and for also outing me on a red carpet at 11 a.m. instead of talking about anything else that matters. I like boys and girls leave me alone about it please literally who cares.”

	











	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	









	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
		Editor’s picks
	
	











	
	
		
					The 100 Best TV Episodes of All Time		
	














	
	
		
					The 250 Greatest Albums of the 21st Century So Far		
	














	
	
		
					The 500 Greatest Albums of All Time		
	














	
	
		
					The 200 Greatest Singers of All Time		
	








	Speaking with Rolling Stone, Eilish admitted she overreacted at the time but maintained a bit of defiance when discussing the frustration that comes when the public tries to define her. (Arguably, that would even include TikTok trolls.)

	“The whole world suddenly decided who I was, and I didn’t get to say anything or control any of it,” she said. “Nobody should be pressured into being one thing or the other, and I think that there’s a lot of wanting labels all over the place. Dude, I’ve known people that don’t know their sexuality, or feel comfortable with it, until they’re in their forties, fifties, sixties. It takes a while to find yourself, and I think it’s really unfair, the way that the internet bullies you into talking about who you are and what you are.”
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.