Damn it Billie 
Can only assume that when Charli XCX and Billie Eilish said 'You wanna guess the address of the party we're at, you really are not invited' they were discussing the 2024 VMAs. But despite being high up on the invite list due to multiple nominations, Billie actually skipped the red carpet this year, womp.
And as you can tell, Twitter is handling it well:
Soooo, why didn't Billie walk the carpet, or attend the event? We're not entirely sure - she didn't give any hints away on her Instagram and considering she did win the Video for Good award for 'What Was I Made For? (from the motion picture Barbie)', we are a little surprised.
As a reminder, Billie's noms this year included Video of the Year for 'LUNCH,' as well as Video for Good for 'What Was I Made For,' Song of the Summer for 'Birds of a Feather,' AND Song of the Summer for her 'Guess' remix with Charli XCX. 
That last category was truly stacked with nominees — like Ariana Grande for 'We Can’t Be Friends (Wait for Your Love),' Benson Boone for 'Beautiful Things,' Chappell Roan for 'Good Luck, Babe!' Eminem for 'Houdini,' Future, Metro Boomin & Kendrick Lamar for 'Like That,' GloRilla and Megan Thee Stallion for 'Wanna Be,' Hozier for 'Too Sweet,' Kendrick Lamar for 'Not Like Us,' Post Malone feat. Morgan Wallen for 'I Had Some Help,' Sabrina Carpenter for 'Please Please Please,' Shaboozey for 'A Bar Song (Tipsy),' SZA for 'Saturn,' Taylor Swift feat. Post Malone for 'Fortnight,' AND FINALLY Tommy Richman for 'Million Dollar Baby.'
So basically every possible song that came out this summer was nominated! No bigs! FYI, Taylor Swift and Post Malone's 'Fortnight' nabbed it. Woohoo.
Another Simple Favor’s ending is wild, guys
Doctor Who season 2 episode release schedule
Vick Hope and Calvin Harris relationship timeline
MAFSAU's Jamie's 7 best moments 
Why we need the Desperate Housewives revival
The 8 biggest MAFS Australia scandals
How to watch Another Simple Favor
Why MAFSAU's Awhina should have married Tim
Where you know the cast of The Four Seasons from
The best TV dramas to watch on Netflix, BBC & more
Who is MAFSAU’s Hannah Renée? 
The biggest MAFSAU dinner party fights of all time
Cosmopolitan, Part of the Hearst UK Fashion & Beauty Network
Cosmopolitan participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England 112955. All Rights Reserved.