Laura Wartel, Special Event Producer
Published: September 12, 2024 at 5:54 PM
Updated: September 13, 2024 at 2:55 PM
Laura Wartel, Special Event Producer
There’s a lot of big acts in town this weekend! From Bob Dylan, Willie Nelson, John Mellencamp, Lynyrd Skynyrd, USHER, Charli XCX to funny comedians like Nick Swardson and Jim Breuer! There’s something for everyone, including the coffee drinkers and cow cuddlers! Check out what’s happening!
Recommended Videos
Sunday, September 15th at 5pm
Pine Knob Music Theater, Clarkston
This Sunday, the Outlaw Music Festival will take place at Pine Knob Music Theatre for an extraordinary way to end the summer! This annual country music festival is always highly anticipated by Willie Nelson fans, but this year’s lineup can easily be considered a once in a lifetime opportunity to see the legendary Bob Dylan and John Mellencamp also perform all on the same line up.
Learn more about Outlaw Music Festival!
Friday, September 13th at 6:30pm
Pine Knob Music Theatre, Clarkston
Beer drinkers and hell raisers put on your cheap sunglasses there’s things goin’ on! Lynryd Skynyrd and ZZ Top are gracing us with their classic rock presence this Friday for the Sharp Dressed Simple Man tour at Pine Knob Music Theatre. The Outlaws will open the evening for these two rock-n-roll co-headliners.
 Learn more about the Sharp Dressed Simple Man Tour!
September 12th + September 13th at 8pm
Little Caesars Arena, Detroit
Multi-platinum, 8- time Grammy award-winning global entertainment icon Usher is coming to Detroit for two amazing shows! The Past, Present, Future tour is a celebration of his 30-year career. Both shows start at 8pm.
Learn more about Usher!
September 1st - September 31st
All Over Detroit
All month you can check out the 14th annual Detroit Month of Design to celebrate Detroit being the only UNESCO City of Design in the entire country. Over 100 events will activate spaces all over the city throughout the whole month of September. There will be immersive design experiences including exhibitions, installations, studio visits, product launches, artist talks, tours, workshops, Eastern Market After Dark, and parties nearly every day of the month. The calendar of events can be found on the Detroit Month of Design website below.
Learn more about Detroit Month of Design!
Saturdays + Sundays from 9am-3pm
Asam Acres, Tecumseh
Love coffee? Coincidentally LOVE COWS too? Well, getty on up to the Asam Acres farm in Tecumseh Michigan every Saturday and Sunday from 9am-3pm to enjoy a cup of joe and some cow cuddling. Over the weekends, this small family-owned dairy farm is open to the public with an adorable cafe offering fresh coffee and refreshments, baked goods and plenty of opportunities to snuggle up to some cows.
Learn more about Cows and Coffee!
Need a laugh? Look no further, there’s four great acts in town.
9/12 - Nick Swardson Learn more!
9/13 - Sheng Wang Learn more!
9/14 - Jim Breuer Learn more!
9/13 + 9/14 - Zoltan Kaszas Learn more!
Saturday, September 14th at 7:30pm
Little Caesars Arena
You may have thought that Brat summer was over, but baby, it is just beginning. Charli XCX, the brain behind her crtically acclaimed album “Brat” that took the summer by storm, is teaming up with Troye Sivan for the “Sweat Tour,” and it kicks off in Detroit this Saturday. Charli and Troye have collaborated before on music, so you can expect the night to be full of pop bangers and so much fun. Plus, how cool is it that the tour starts in Detroit? Long live Brat Summer!
Learn more about the Sweat Tour!
Saturday, September 14th from 11am-6pm
Historic Fort Wayne, Detroit
This Saturday at Detroit’s Historic Fort Wayne you can have a spooky good time at the annual FrankenFest. From everything magical and mystical to a bit mad and paranormal, this event features, art, vendors, literary guests, haunt aficionados, attractions, exhibits and even paranormal experts.
Learn more about FrankenFest!
Sunday, September 15th at 8pm
The Colosseum at Caesars, Windsor ON
If you’re a big fan of RuPaul’s Drag Race and have a passport head on over to the Colosseum at Caesars Windsor for a dazzling good time! This season of RuPaul’s Drag Race is taking place live on stage and you can be right up front to experience alll the high kicks and low splits you’re used to seeing on TV. The show features fan-favorites such as Angeria, Gottmik, Jorgeous, Plastique Tiara, Roxxxy Andrews, Shannel, and Vanessa Vanjie.
Learn more about RuPaul’s Drag Race All Stars LIVE!
August through September
Holly, Michigan
Dragons! Mermaids! and new rides! Oh my! There are new attractions at the Michigan Renaissance Festival to check out this year, amongst all the regular 16th century magic to behold! From drinks to old timey faire, live performances, a fairy forest and artisan square, there’s a lot of fun attraction at the Michigan Renaissance Festival this year.
Learn more about the Ren Fest!
Ever been to the Ford Piquette Avenue Plant?
Well, it’s about time you go check out this amazing Detroit gem. In fact, the very first model T was built here by Henry Ford and it’s also a National Historic Landmark.
Celebrating the day in 1908 when the first Model T was first produced at the Ford Piquette Avenue Plant, visitors can enjoy free Model T rides, vintage vehicles on display, live music, food and beverages for sale, unique vendors, and fun and games for the kids. There is no cost for outdoor activities or amenities in the Piquette Assembly Room. The line for T rides will form near the historic front entrance and are first-come, first-serve until 3pm. Free birthday cake is served at 12 p.m. while supplies last
Learn more about events at the Ford Piquette Avenue Plant!
Copyright 2024 by WDIV ClickOnDetroit - All rights reserved.
Laura is Local 4's Special Event Producer and author of the Go Guide. She has expertise in experiential, corporate and immersive event production, and loves supporting Detroit's vibrant art and culture scene.
email
Click here to take a moment and familiarize yourself with our Community Guidelines.
Recommended Videos
TV Listings
Email Newsletters
RSS Feeds
Contests and Rules
Contact Us
Careers at WDIV
Closed Captioning / Audio Description
Public File
Current EEO Report
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Do Not Sell My Info
FCC Applications
Cookie Preferences
If you need help with the Public File, call (313) 222-0566
At WDIV, we are committed to informing and delighting our audience. In our commitment to covering our communities with innovation and excellence, we incorporate Artificial Intelligence (AI) technologies to enhance our news gathering, reporting, and presentation processes. Read our article to see how we are using Artificial Intelligence.
Copyright © 2025 ClickOnDetroit.com is managed by Graham Digital and published by Graham Media Group, a division of Graham Holdings.