ARIZONA NEWS
Apr 17, 2024, 6:00 PM
Troye Sivan and Charli XCX announced a Phoenix stop on their joint "Sweat" tour. (Photos provided by Stuart Winecoff and Harley Weir)
(Photos provided by Stuart Winecoff and Harley Weir)
BY SUELEN RIVERA
KTAR.com
PHOENIX — International musicians Charli XCX and Troye Sivan announced a Phoenix stop in October during their co-headlining “Sweat” tour.
The artists will perform at the Footprint Center on Oct. 13, with special guest Shygirl, as part of their 21-city tour.
Presales begin on April 25, and tickets for the general public go on sale at 10 a.m. Friday, April 26.
It’ll be the first Valley performance in over five years for both of the musicians, according to setlist.fm.
The duo have long been known in pop culture as supporters of each other’s work. They’ve partnered to release “1999” in 2018 and “2099” the following year.
Charli XCX has seen major success through featuring in collaborations such as Iggy Azalea’s “Fancy,” which held the No. 1 spot for seven weeks on Billboard’s Hot 100, and Icona Pop’s “I Love it.” Charli XCX’s most successful single was “Boom Clap,” which released as the first single from The Fault in Our Stars soundtrack.
Troye Sivan’s top-selling hit was “Youth” released in 2016, reaching No. 23 on Billboard’s Hot 100.
England’s Charli XCX and Australia’s Troye Sivan are currently preparing to begin their owns tours prior to their joint September-October endeavor.
Charli XCX will begin her global tour in May, visiting the U.K., Spain, Mexico, Brazil and some U.S. states through the end of June.
Troye Sivan will also tour May-June for performances in European countries, including Portugal, Spain, France, Poland, Germany, the Netherlands, Ireland and Switzerland.
The co-headlining tour kicks off Sept. 14 in Detroit, Michigan, and wraps up Oct. 23 in Seattle, Washington.
Follow @suelenrivera
Have a story idea or tip? Pass it along to the KTAR News team here.
David Veenstra

                                            A man is in critical condition after he was shot multiple times in a parking lot outside Casey Moore's Oyster House in Tempe on Saturday.                                        
19 minutes ago
David Veenstra

                                            The Arizona Department of Public Safety issued a Silver Alert on Saturday for a Goodyear man with a medical condition who had gone missing.                                        
3 hours ago
David Veenstra

                                            A man was arrested after allegedly stabbing his roommate to death in north Phoenix on Friday, according to authorities.                                        
3 hours ago
Payne Moses

                                            Water goers throughout Arizona can exchange their old life jackets for new ones this May, thanks to the Arizona Game and Fish Department.                                        
5 hours ago
Payne Moses

                                            Self-screenings for HPV are now being offered at Sonora Quest Laboratories in Arizona, the medical company announced on Tuesday.                                        
7 hours ago
KTAR.com

                                            Authorities canceled a Silver Alert on Saturday for a Phoenix woman with a cognitive condition who went missing on Wednesday.                                         
9 hours ago

                                Asset Preservation Wealth & Tax                            

                                As you map out your retirement, it is important to take advantage of tax-free growth made possible by Roth conversions.                             

                                Sonic                            

                                As spring training kicks off in Arizona, baseball fans are flocking to the Valley of the Sun to catch their favorite teams in action.                            

                                Midwestern University                            

                                What if one of the best health care providers in your area wasn’t a big hospital or a corporate chain—but a place you’ve driven past without even realizing it? The best care is closer than you think.