Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
The now-viral character originated during the sketch comedy show's 50th season. 

							By 

	Christy Piña

Associate Editor

	Direct from Domingo!

	Funko Pop announced it would be releasing a figure of Marcello Hernández‘s popular Saturday Night Live character, Domingo, who made his debut during season 50’s Oct. 12 episode, hosted by Ariana Grande.



	“He came all this way, so give a warm welcome to POP! Domingo,” a description of the figure read. “This suave charmer is sure to form a strong connection with your collection! Celebrate the 50th Anniversary of Saturday Night Live by making this comical character the next addition to your SNL lineup!”





	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	News
			



	
		
					Mike Myers Explains Origins of Recent Canadian Political Activism		
			














	
	TV
			



	
		
					'Saturday Night Live': Quinta Brunson, Walton Goggins, Scarlett Johansson Close Out Season 50		
			








	Hernández’s original Domingo sketch, “Bridesmaid Speech,” saw a group of bridesmaids singing about the bride’s bachelorette trip at her wedding to the beat of Sabrina Carpenter’s “Espresso.” The song reveals that during the trip, Kelsey (Chloe Fineman) met a man named Domingo and cheated on Andrew Dismukes’ Matt with the mysterious man.

	










	When Domingo appears onstage in the middle of the wedding, the comedian sings, “Hey Matt, came all this way / Had to explain, direct from Domingo / Kelsey’s a friend / She’s like my sis / But we did hook up though.”

	The original video of the sketch has 13 million views on YouTube and 15 million on TikTok.

	Domingo made another appearance on SNL a few weeks later during its Nov. 16 episode, hosted by Charli XCX, who pulled double duty as the evening’s musical guest. This time, the song was set to the tune of Chappell Roan’s “Hot to Go!” The sketch, called “Babymoon,” sees Kelsey’s bridesmaids performing at her baby shower about the trip they took her to before she gave birth.

	During their performance, the ladies, which included host Charli XCX, revealed that the reason they went to Miami for their girls’ trip was so that Kelsey could see the infamous Domingo. And in a perfectly ridiculous reveal, she is pregnant with twins, one of which is her husband’s and the other is Domingo’s, of course. 

	At that moment, Hernández’s character pops out and begins singing to Dismukes’ character: “Hey Matt, my brother, aren’t you happy? / Direct from Domingo, we both are daddies / Domingo going to be in your life forever / We’ll raise our babies in Miami, together!” 

	Domingo’s most recent appearance came not from Studio 8H but from the Kia Forum in Inglewood at Carpenter’s Los Angeles show on Nov. 17. 

	










	The Grammy-nominated artist arrested Hernánadez for being far too hot, as part of a bit from each of her Short n’ Sweet tour stops that occurs just before she performs “Juno.” Millie Bobby Brown, Rachel Sennott and Margaret Qualley have all been arrested at Carpenter shows. 

	And, of course, it wouldn’t be a Domingo appearance if the suave man didn’t sing a tune or two. “Came all this way / Had to explain / Direct from Domingo / Sabrina’s a friend / She’s like my sis / But I would hook up though,” he sang, to which she replied, “Like, now?” before handing him a pair of fuzzy pink handcuffs.

	The Domingo Funko Pop is on sale now at Funko.com.
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.