This week, singer Charli XCX is heading to London's O2 Arena as part of her BRAT tour.


  The 'Apple' singer released her latest album BRAT in June and gained critical and chart success with the album name leading to a global social media trend.


  Charli XCX's BRAT saw the summer of 2024 be named 'Brat Girl Summer' as fans of the singer were inspired to enjoy a "messy, carefree vibe".


  Now, Charli XCX is heading to the O2 Arena for what's set to be an unmissable concert.


  Charli XCX will be performing at the O2 Arena for one night only on Thursday, November 28.


























                    View this post on Instagram
                
























A post shared by Charli (@charli_xcx)






A post shared by Charli (@charli_xcx)


  If you want to get down early to take in all the atmosphere ahead of Charli XCX taking to the stage, you can get there when doors open at 6.30pm.


  It is important to know that timings are subject to change.


  If you're curious as to what your view will be for Charli XCX at the O2, you can find out. 


  The website SeatingPlan.net gives you a picture or graphic view from your exact location.


  See your view via the website. 


See What's On.  (Image: Newsquest)


  Charli XCX is being supported by singer and DJ Shygirl, known for songs Cleo, encore, Mr useless, Nasty and BB.


RECOMMENDED READING


How to feel like a celebrity when going to see a show at The O2 Arena


O2 Arena slammed for 'extortionate' drink prices as water costs more than £4


How to get to the O2 Arena London from tube, car and bus


  Tickets went on sale at the start of the summer for Charli XCX and were in very high demand.


  At the time of writing, there are no tickets available at the O2 Arena for Charli XCX.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                

                            Last Updated: 

Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.