The Dress to Impress Brat Update is here, which is an official collaboration with singer Charli XCX. It adds a plethora of new content, including clothing, accessories, makeup, hair, and themes. If you're struggling to come up with designs for the new themes, this page lists outfit ideas for the DTI Brat Update to help you.

There are eight themes in the Dress to Impress Brat Update, which are:

The Brat theme celebrates Charli XCX's brat album, which should be your focus here. The album's art is simplistic, with just black "brat" text over a neon green background, so you should follow that color scheme.

Brat Outfit Idea #1
Brat Outfit Idea #2
PARTYGIRL is a reference to the song 365 on Charli XCX's brat album. For this theme, you want your outfit to show that your character likes to party. We recommend using dresses and heels.

PARTYGIRL Outfit Idea #1
PARTYGIRL Outfit Idea #2
For the Dress to Impress Rave theme, you want to show off an outfit that your character would wear at an underground secret party, much like Charli XCX's secret Boiler Room sessions. We recommend swimsuit tops and bodysuits with heels.

Rave Outfit Idea #1
Rave Outfit Idea #2
The DTI Rotten to the Core theme is a reference to Charli XCX's Apple song. For this theme, we'd recommend using the apple prop, or dressing up as Charli herself.

Rotten to the Core Outfit Idea #1
This outfit idea is inspired by Charli XCX's clothes in a TikTok video where she learned the viral Apple dance!

Rotten to the Core Outfit Idea #2
For the Dress to Impress Internet Famous theme, you either want to create an outfit that shows someone who's chronically online, or recreate a famous internet celebrity.

Internet Famous Outfit Idea #1
Internet Famous Outfit Idea #2
For our second outfit choice, we tried to recreate one of Charli XCX's looks in her 360 music video!

The DTI Club Classics theme is named after the Charli XCX song Club Classics. For this one, you want it to look like your character has just stepped out of the club. We recommend skirts, legwarmers, and fishnet stockings.

Club Classics Outfit Ideas #1
Club Classics Outfit Ideas #2
Though the Dress to Impress Mean Girls theme is named after a Charli XCX song, in our experience, most people take it literally and dress up like characters from the Mean Girls movie. So we've put together a brat-inspired movie outfit and a regular one for those who don't want a brat-ified version.

Mean Girls Outfit Idea #1
Mean Girls Outfit Idea #2
The DTI Y2K theme is all about outfits from the late 90s to the early 00s, with big chunky belts and beret hats. Don't forget the baggy trousers, short skirts, and flip phones!

Y2K Outfit Idea #1
Y2K Outfit Idea #2
For more Dress to Impress game help, check out: