“For those of you who recognize me, you might know me from my album 'Brat', but don’t worry if you don’t… there is nothing wrong with being straight"
Charli XCX performed and hosted Saturday Night Live and played a handful of ‘Brat’ hits – check out footage below.
Last month, XCX took to her official Instagram to announce she would be tackling the double duty slot as performer and host of last night’s (November 16) show.
Her third appearance on the show saw her perform ‘360’ and ‘Sympathy Is a Knife’ – both from cultural phenomenon and club album ‘Brat’, which has now earned her seven Grammy nominations.
Introduced by Julia Fox, who is referenced on ‘360’, she performed the track in front of a lime green backdrop, a nod to the iconic album’s colouring. Bowen Yang introduced her ahead of ‘Sympathy Is A Knife’, having gone viral for an impression of the ‘Guess’ singer that she went on to say she was “very impressed” by – watch footage below.
“For those of you who recognize me, you might know me from my album ‘Brat’, but don’t worry if you don’t… there is nothing wrong with being straight,” she quipped in her opening monologue.
Recalling the beginnings of her career, she joked about convincing her parents to drive her to a rave as a teenager so she could perform: “And if you’re wondering, how did I get my parents to drive me to a rave? Well, I just told them, ‘Guys, I’ve got swim practice. At 2:00 A.M. In a warehouse full of gays’.
‘No, seriously, I’ve come a long way. And today I consider myself to be a triple threat. Which in England means I sing, I drink, and I smoke.”
Elsewhere in the show, she featured in a Wicked audition skit, impersonating Adele and Troye Sivan.
Her ‘SNL’ slot follows the release of her remix album ‘Brat And It’s Completely Different But Also Still Brat’. In a five-star review of the LP, NME shared that the album “is a home run for its creator, letting her finish the game on her own terms. She has perfected the art of remixing, keeping the songs moving by giving them a brand new lease of life rather than letting them exist statically in their original form.”
Charli xcx’s SNL monologue. pic.twitter.com/FkK3TcDZU9
— Pop Crave (@PopCrave) November 17, 2024
In other news, XCX is set to embark on a short UK arena tour in support of ‘Brat’. Check out the full dates below and visit here for tickets.
NOVEMBER
27 – Manchester, Co-op Live Arena 
28 – London – The O2 Arena 
29 – Birmingham – bp pulse Live
DECEMBER 
2 – Glasgow, OVO Hydro
Outside of her touring schedule – which will see her headline Primavera Sound next year alongside Chappell Roan and Sabrina Carpenter – she now has six screen projects on the way, including Gregg Araki’s I Want Your Sex and graphic novel adaptation 100 Nights Of Hero, and was recently cast in a film loosely inspired by Joan of Arc.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.