Things you buy through our links may earn Vox Media a commission.

              Save this article to read it later.
              






              Find this story in your account’s ‘Saved for Later’ section.
              





Charli XCX has fully unleashed her Brat pack. She gave a taste of her internet hot girl crew with the music video for “360,” reminding us we could be “so Julia.” Now that the album’s out, it’s the perfect moment to be totally bratted up— Charli did notice some of her fans getting into the spirit early: “well i’ve seen a brat green penis on my tl.. love u guys !” While the album has some people showing skin, others are hitting the dance floor; it is basically a full-on party for 41 minutes, including an existential couple of minutes with “I think about it all the time” and “Girl, so confusing.” Every party has a mini panic attack right?
A post shared by Charli (@charli_xcx)
Before the album released, Charli debuted two new singles on April 3: “B2b” and “Club Classic.” The songs showcased a harder, dance-y side of Ms. XCX than her previous album, Crash, which was more straight pop. This all followed the first single, “Von Dutch,” which came out February 29, and the March 22 “Von Dutch” remix featuring Addison Rae doing a primal scream that obviously blew up on TikTok. The people yearn for the sweet release of screaming to club pop.
“Every record i make is my ‘favourite record’ once i finish it, but i think this one might be my all time favourite forever,” Charli XCX texted to fans on February 28. She’s been teasing a new album for a while now: Tweeting about it being club pop, posting about the promo her label wanted her to do, hosting the most exclusive DJ set in New York, etc. You know, typical “coolest straight Bri’ish girl who makes music for gay people” Charli things. The album has 15 songs — which is exactly as long as one person should be able to jump around in the club before pausing to get a water and another vodka soda. Thoughtful queen.
This post has been updated.
Things you buy through our links may earn Vox Media a commission.
Have an Account?