Getty Images; Instagram; YouTube
Halloween is right around the corner, meaning it’s time for the girlies to pick out some cute and creative costumes!
While you may already be scrolling through Pinterest to find some outfit inspo, we at J-14 made a list of costumes that we think would slay this year — from trending female celebrities to iconic movie and TV show characters that dominated 2024. Keep reading for a complete list of the best Halloween costume ideas:
If last year’s Halloween was all about Barbie, we think 2024 is the year for the pop star girlies.
So many amazing music came out in 2024 — and specifically by women! From Chappell Roan and Sabrina Carpenter‘s meteoric rise to fame to Taylor Swift‘s continuous record-breaking Eras Tour and Charli XCX‘s Brat Girl Summer, there’s so much to work with if you want to dress up as a female pop singer.
“I like the marketing of pop music more than I am interested in actual pop music,” Charli said during an interview with Billboard in June this year. “I think we’ve been living in this world now for a while where there’s this desire to appeal to the most people, to have the biggest smile and be the nicest person with the widest appeal. But desire is cultivated by being a little bit hard to reach, a little bit separate.”
She added, “With brat, it was really interesting to just do things for the fan base and make that feel exclusive — but then once you’re in the club, it’s actually very inclusive.”
Or if you’re like Chappell and pop stardom isn’t your thing, then maybe you can try out an iconic character from a movie or TV show that came out this year.
Lisa Frankenstein from Diablo Cody‘s 2024 horror romance movie (a zom-com, if you will) could also be really fun! Especially if you have a partner who wants to play Cole Sprouse‘s mute, zombie-fied Frankenstein.
Those aren’t all of our ideas, though! Scroll through our gallery below for a complete list of trendy 2024 Halloween costumes for the girlies only:
Love J-14? Be sure to subscribe to our YouTube channel for fun, exclusive videos with your favorite stars.
1 of 9
Instagram/Chappell Roan
2024 was the year of Chapell Roan, and there’s just simply too many iconic stage looks of hers to choose from — however, we’re privy to the one she wore for her Tiny Desk Concert.
2 of 9
Instagram/Charli XCX
Grab a pair of shades, a lime green shirt and dance along to “Apple,” and you’re officially a brat.
3 of 9
(Photo by Kevin Mazur/Getty Images for Acrisure Arena)
Olivia Rodrigo‘s GUTS tour outfits are so cute, especially this look featuring her sparkling bedazzled shorts paired with a white tee that she often personalizes.
4 of 9
Instagram/Sabrina Carpenter
Inspired by the 1992 movie Death Becomes Her, Sabrina Carpenter‘s music video for “Taste” stars Jenna Ortega and has quickly become one of the most popular videos of 2024.
5 of 9
Focus Features
Kathryn Newton played a quirky teen girl from the ’80s named Lisa in Lisa Frankenstein, a movie that premiered earlier this year. We think her gothic, ’80s aesthetic would be such a fun Halloween fit — and you can haul around your very own Frankenstein.
6 of 9
Jesse Grant/Getty Images for iHeartRadio
JoJo Siwa‘s now-infamous rebrand with her single “Karma” was definitely a moment from 2024 we will never forget. Now, it’s time to channel our inner “bad girl” this Halloween.
7 of 9
Instagram/Ariana Grande
Wicked hasn’t even premiered yet, but it’s already making waves thanks to its iconic casting or Ariana Grande and Cynthia Erivo as Glinda and Elphaba, respectively. This is a great Halloween idea for any girlies who double as former theatre kids.
8 of 9
YouTube/Warner Bros.
Following the premiere of Beetlejuice‘s sequel in September, we think we may be seeing a revival of the movie’s iconic characters on Halloween night. From Lydia and Beetlejuice, to lesser known characters like Miss Argentina in the original movie.
9 of 9
Netflix
With the release of Netflix’s America’s Sweethearts earlier this year, the iconic costumes of the Dallas Cowboys Cheerleaders could be a fun Halloween moment — you may have to learn the “Thunder” dance, though.
J-14 has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
J-14 is part of the a360media Entertainment Group.Copyright © a360media 2025. All Rights Reserved