By
			
			Ryan Louis Mantilla		

A-list celebrities have joined the cast of Sacrifice, including Grammy-nominated pop singer Charli XCX and award-winning actor John Malkovich. 
The modern Joan of Arc movie directed by Romain Gavras has started production in Greece and Bulgaria. Gavras directs the movie from a screenplay he wrote with Will Arbery. 
Gavras is a French director known for helming French-language features, including A Cross the Universe, Our Day Will Come, The World Is Yours, and Athena. Sacrifice will serve as the filmmaker’s English-language debut, with Captain America actor Chris Evans, Anya Taylor-Joy (Furiosa: A Mad Max Saga), Salma Hayek Pinault (Frida), and Sam Richardson (The Afterparty) as lead cast members. 
In addition to newly announced cast members Charli XCX and Malkovich, Deadline reported that Vincent Cassel (La Haine, The Shrouds), Swedish rapper Yung Lean, Ambika Mod (One Day, This Is Going To Hurt), Jade Croot (The Accident, The Serpent Queen), Jeremy O. Harris (Emily in Paris), and Tony winner Miriam Silverman (Your Friends and Neighbors) have also joined the star-studded cast of the Joan of Arc movie.  
Per the plot description (via Deadline), “Sacrifice — loosely inspired by the Joan Of Arc story — tells the story of Joan (Taylor-Joy), a zealous spirit driven by a volcanic prophecy only she can hear, who is on a mission to save the world from a fiery reckoning. Along with her militia of mystical disciples, she hijacks a glamorous charity gala and takes three hostages: Mike Tyler (Evans), a beleaguered movie star desperate for redemption, Bracken (Cassel), the world’s richest man, and Katie (Mod), who’s just unlucky. They are forced on a journey through forest and fire until Mike faces the ultimate question: what would he sacrifice for humanity?”
Charli XCX, who earlier this year released her sixth studio album, Brat, is also set to star in the Faces of Death reboot, I Want Your Sex, and 100 Nights of Hero. Meanwhile, Malkovich is known for his roles in Being John Malkovich, Death Of A Salesman, Of Mice And Men, Dangerous Liaisons, and more. The project also serves as Yung Lean’s film debut. 
No release date has been set yet for Sacrifice.
Ryan is a TV/Film News Writer for ComingSoon.
Share article