Featuring fresh picks from Sabrina Carpenter, Charli XCX and more.

													By
												

	Hannah Dailey


	As usual, the week has offered up a smattering of new music releases — but this time, it’s a particularly delicious one for pop music fans.

	Starting with Sabrina Carpenter, the rising star served up the shimmering second single off her upcoming album Short & Sweet, “Please Please Please.” Accompanied by a playful video starring her real-life boyfriend Barry Keoghan, the track finds the singer begging her lover to stay in check. Break her heart? Fine. Just don’t be all embarrassing about it.

	Listeners were also treated to new albums from Tems and Charli XCX, with the Nigerian superstar dropping her vibey 18-track debut Born in the Wild and the British pop innovator sharing her highly anticipated Brat on the same day Friday (June 7). The former reasserts that Tems is a triple-threat who can sing, write and compose beautifully, while the latter project is already earning Charli some of the best reviews of her career.

	










	Also on the pop front are new singles from Raye, Jung Kook and Gracie Abrams. The “Escapism” singer plays a genre-bending auteur on her seven-minute track “Genesis,” and the BTS star gets sentimental on his solo single “Never Let Go,” while Abrams leans more heavily into her pop side than ever before with the previously-scrapped “Close to You” ahead of her Taylor Swift-cosigned album The Secret of Us.

	Plus, Zach Bryan teamed up with artist Noeline Hofmann for a gorgeous ballad titled “Purple Skies.” 

	Though it may be hard to choose from all of the fresh tunes that dropped this week, please please please tell us your favorite by voting in Billboard‘s new music release poll below.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.