What is it like to dress the phenomenon of the summer?
Designer Timothy Gibbons, from Ballyhackamore in east Belfast, has crafted his way to some of the biggest cities in the world.
His designs have been worn by some of the biggest names in the entertainment business including Travis Scott and singing sensation Charli XCX.
While Brat summer may be officially over, Gibbons told BBC News NI how he has created outfits for the 360 singer.
Gibbons said his contact with Charli XCX came from her stylist who "reached out" to him.
"She (Charli XCX) actually had worn one of my New York ones (tops) before she wore one of the black ones last year."
Then he took on the job of creating some custom hoodies for the singer's summer shows.
"We decided the colour palette and all of the diamonds and stuff that was going to go on it. So it was pretty quick turn around but yeah, it was fab. 
"Then I got to go to the album launch in London, and she wore the green one."
Gibbons described how the life of a fashion designer works and the use of social media in promoting that work.
"People see your work. It's annoying that you have to put so much out there all the time and have a social media presence to continue getting work, but that's just what happens.
"Then someone sees a stylist or someone sees a piece of work and likes it and message you. But you know, there's no formula for it. 
"A lot of it is just taking opportunities when you think you see them, luck and delivering whenever somebody asks for something," he added.
For Gibbons, growing up in east Belfast helped make him.
"But I actually didn't know costume design was a real job until way later on. Always loved making stuff
"I was always doing art in school and after school classes. I then went to tech to learn how to sew whenever I was 15 and then got into university in London."
This led him to create a corset rugby shirt.
"I think as a piece, the rugby corset says a lot about my experiences growing up gay in Northern Ireland, finding ways to express challenges in my masculinity and feminine traits, or challenging those things, trying to bring them in harmony with each other." he said.
From there he went on to create his signature piece the corset hoodie.
"I've always loved corsetry, I was over in New York one time and I bought this hoodie on Canal Street and I cut it up and sort of combined it with the corset.
"All my mates immediately wanted one...I didn't realise it was going to be as big of a hit as it was.
"Last year, Travis Scott had one for his album campaign and then this year, Charli got the three custom ones for her Brat shows in the summer."
Gibbons told BBC News NI: "Getting to work with Charli and her stylist on those hoodies, it felt like a bit of a send off to the hoodies because it was sort of like this big crescendo getting to do them for her."
He said that while he doesn't know what's next he wants to "work on a big piece" to come out at some point late next year.
"I just love making clothes." he added.
"Hopefully the next year will be as big as the last one because I wasn't expecting half of it."
Gibbons has been living in London and New York City for more than a decade but he credits Belfast with getting him to where he is now.
"Belfast gave me a sense of work ethic, a respect for people and being grounded," he said.
"I haven't lost my accent.
"I'm grateful to have grown up in Belfast despite all the issues and despite all of the complexities that come with the place."
Police appeal for information after the incident in Londonderry on Saturday morning.
Police appeal for information following the collision on Friday in Dungiven, County Londonderry.
This year's Costume Institute spring exhibition and Met Gala are honouring black "dandy" style, and the tradition of bold tailoring worn by black men that has made a statement.
Glenarm Castle and Walled Gardens Tulip Festival returns and the gardeners have been busy getting ready for it.
Tara Mills and Declan Harvey are presenting a new podcast which aims to tackle news stories in a fresh way.
Copyright 2025 BBC. All rights reserved.  The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.