We may earn a commission if you buy something from any affiliate links on our site.
It seems universally unfair that Charli XCX, a woman who has single-handedly dictated the vibe of summer while releasing the best reviewed album of 2024, has been pipped to the number one chart spot by Taylor Swift, after she released another needless edition of The Tortured Poets Department the same week. Does Charli care? Probably not. To be a brat girl, as her sixth studio album states, is to be a cult classic, not a neatly-packaged, mass-media hit. It is to go viral in an underground Boiler Room kind of way, to rip up The Row, to shout out Julia Fox, to befriend Chloë Sevigny, to only need “a pack of cigs, a Bic lighter and a strappy white top with no bra” to serve a look and have a good time. It is not wearing the same glittery Roberto Cavalli skater skirt and mismatching Christian Louboutin boots night after night.
The beauty of the brat-girl summer is that Charli is too busy attending six parties in one night and plotting out September’s Sweat tour with Troye Sivan to engage in pop rivalry, but she is keenly aware of the cultural impact her lurid-green album and all its It-girl in-jokes has had. This was always the strategy. Even the musicians she has been pitted against, to quote Lorde, are honoured “to be moved, changed and gagged by her work… There is NO ONE like this bitch.”
Charli’s team initially stopped in their tracks when the Essex-raised raver text creative director Imogene Strauss and declared “the most unappealing shade of green” her latest LP concept. “No Charli to dress on the cover!” cried stylist Chris Horan, who came on board to mould Mainstream Popstar Charli XCX for her previous album Crash, and was already mapping out her move from major label girlie to gritty, catty clubber – the kind of firecracker party starter who likes her YSL leather jackets f*cked up and leaves her scratched Givenchy sunglasses strewn around town.
The archive Jean Paul Gaultier dress Charli wore to the Fashion Awards was the “first public taste of brat”: “We were excited to challenge ourselves and show her in different ways”.
The punk-inspired Marni gown she wore to the Met Gala was fashioned from old T-shirts.
“The brat campaign has transcended anything we thought it could be – everyone from Duolingo to corporate brands are jumping on board to get a piece of the viralness,” shares Horan, who says Charli’s Pantone prowess (65 colours were considered before they finally landed on that “offensive, off-trend shade”) unlocked the whole rebrand of Charlotte Emma Aitchison (the name she swapped for Charli XCX, because the latter sounded cooler and catchier).
Crash-era Mugler Charli.
Becoming a brat girl in Balenciaga.
Nowadays the brat crew, which includes visuals pro Terrence O’Connor, don’t even have to communicate what defines that “smart, bitchy, hot, scary” attitude and aesthetic, but in the beginning hundreds of tear sheets and references – including many featuring ’90s Chloë Sevigny – were scattered over Charli’s dining room table. “We always play with contrasts,” shares Horan, who initially caught the artist’s eye thanks to his work dressing Barbie Ferreira and Rowan Blanchard. “[Charli’s style is now] either very boyish and baggy or streamlined and simple; it’s a hoodie and hotpants; amazing jeans and a messed-up T-shirt; it’s effortless, but it’s always from YSL or The Row; that’s the essence.”
If brat demanded an image that was the antithesis of Crash’s cut-out Mugler bodysuits and sequin Valentino bralettes, hitting her thirties played a big part in the performer’s personal image overhaul. “Charli is the first to admit that it wasn’t until she was older that she started caring about the fashion game,” explains Horan, who staged a test shoot last summer to nail down her everyday wardrobe, as well as that of the fiery, dishevelled chick gyrating on aeroplane wings in the “Von Dutch” video. Rails and rails of Marni, Acne Studios, The Row and Saint Laurent signalled “a woman who knows what’s up”, and gave Charli the confidence to pull looks together herself. Nowadays, when you see her taking club-rat chic to the streets, it’s all her.
“This album is truly for the party girls: sheer clothing, nipples out, room to sweat,” Charli previously told Vogue.
Charli surrounded by the It-girls who appear in her “360” video.
“The biggest part of our job is being a salesperson for our client,” explains Horan. “It’s exciting to see brands that didn’t really get our vision a year ago want to do something with us. Now, it comes down to what a brand has to offer.” While previously the magpie stylist was scouring the runways for “shiny fabrics, crystals, popstar things”, he’s now focusing on movement. Crash was about super-sexualised, skin-splicing bodies, but brat is a wispy, undulating tendril sailing behind Charli as she moves on stage. “Floaty dresses might seem different to everything else brat, but it’s the layering and accessories tied to the aesthetic that make it so.” The exaggerated white Dilara Findikoglu button-up and capris she wore to recently headline Primavera, for example, became brat thanks to an Alexandra Sipa miniskirt.
This content can also be viewed on the site it originates from.
Emerging designers are often better suited to the sweaty parameters of stadium style because, asserts Horan, “they can push the envelope, not just sell clothes”. For the brat tour closing out 2024, they will be working with brands on a single show basis, because, aside from it being anti-brat to wear the same pristine uniform day after day, it amplifies opportunities for small labels and fans can get, well, bratty seeing the same look on Instagram for months on end.
This content can also be viewed on the site it originates from.
For all her unapologetic sass and orange wine, the brat girl is actually figuring out what summer 2024 really looks like after the total internet meltdown she sparked by being everyone’s “favourite reference baby”. “Brat is Charli’s public thing, what might surprise people is that she is the nicest, politest British person anyone ever encounters,” notes her friend. “She lets everyone do their job, which breeds the best type of creativity.” Crash, then, was a clever comment on “a dark popstar selling her soul to the music industry”, but brat and its toxic-green charm offensive sees Charli absolutely owning it.
Saint Laurent Leather Biker Jacket
Mr Porter
Giv Cut Unisex Injected Sunglasses
Givenchy
The Row Essentials Frankie Tank
Shop Now
Printed Trousers
Acne Studios
Everything You Need To Know About The Met Gala 2025
Join The Vogue Newsletter For The Latest Fashion, Beauty And Street Style Trends Straight To Your Inbox
Read Billie Eilish’s May 2025 Cover Interview In Full
The Key Spring/Summer 2025 Trends To Know Now
Join British Vogue’s Met Gala Community Ahead Of Fashion’s Biggest Night. This link redirects to a third-party website.
More from Vogue
Condé Nast Britain
© 2025 Condé Nast