Notifications can be managed in browser preferences.
Please refresh the page or navigate to another page on the site to be automatically logged inPlease refresh your browser to be logged in
Gen Z-led voter outreach organization shares a helpful election slang guide, from “brat” to “cap” 
I would like to be emailed about offers, events and updates from The Independent. Read our Privacy notice
Vice President Kamala Harris’s presidential campaign has wasted no time embracing the flood of Gen Z voters who have taken to social media to proclaim her the “brat” of this election cycle.
The brat concept first became tied to Harris after Charli XCX, the English pop singer, declared “Kamala IS Brat,” in an X post on Sunday shortly after President Joe Biden announced he’d be stepping down from the race. In return, Harris’s campaign has fully seized on the Gen Z attention, peppering her X account with references to Charli XCX’s “Brat” album.
As the singer’s post went viral, it left many wondering: What does brat even mean? The declaration appeared to add confusion to an already hard to keep up with Gen Z dictionary.
To help, Voters of Tomorrow, a Gen Z-led organization that has already endorsed Harris and engages young Americans in politics and culture, put out this helpful breakdown of some key terms you’ll need to know this election cycle:
Brat (noun): An icon; an embrace of authenticity and confidence in oneself.
Example sentence: Artist Charlie XCX posted that “kamala IS brat,” and Gen Z agrees.
Cap (noun): A lie
Example sentence: Everything Trump said during that debate was cap.
Caught in 4k (adjective): Found engaging in a criminal, immoral, or improper act with evidence to prove it.
Example sentence: Trump was caught in 4k by the jury that convicted him of 34 felony counts.
Cooked (adjective): In a state of danger; doomed
Example sentence: If Trump wins, Gen Z is cooked, because he will kick millions of us off our parents’ health care plans and restrict abortion rights.
Let them cook (verb): To continue with the hope of succeeding, usually after revealing one’s potential
Example sentence: Kamala Harris delivered for Gen Z as vice president; we should let her cook and elect her as president.
Lock in (verb): To be focused, determined
Example sentence: Voters of Tomorrow is locking in this election to contact young voters 20 million times.
Opp (noun): An opponent whom one strongly dislikes
Example sentence: Donald Trump is the reason abortion rights are no longer protected, so he’s an opp for real.
W rizz (noun): Exceptional skills at charming; charisma
Example sentence: We know Vice President Harris has W rizz because she has helped pass monumental climate legislation through Congress.
Yap (verb): To ramble on foolishly, carelessly, or irritatingly
Example sentence: Donald Trump was just yapping during his RNC speech and said nothing about how he wants to help Gen Z.
Join thought-provoking conversations, follow other Independent readers and see their replies
Please refresh the page or navigate to another page on the site to be automatically logged inPlease refresh your browser to be logged in