Follow us
Wherever you were in 2010, you were probably listening to Katy Perry. Teenage Dream, the album she released that August, had five singles – “California Gurls”, “Teenage Dream”, “Firework”, “E. T.” and “Last Friday Night (T.G.I.F)” – that went number one. That’s a feat matched only by Michael Jackson’s Bad. Those five songs became fixtures of chart radio in the early 2010s, and because of that, their hooks have been lodged firmly in my brain ever since.
They’re very much of their time – particularly “E. T.”, a product of that brief, heady period when producers crammed dubstep drops into chart hits. But Perry, a pop juggernaut in the 2010s, has had a much bumpier ride this decade. Her 2020 album Smile was the first since Teenage Dream not to go number one in the UK or US. The follow-up, 143, comes out next month, but it already seems to be cursed.
The first single, “Woman’s World”, was widely criticised for dated – indeed, quite 2010s-esque – messaging around feminism in the song and its video. “What regressive, warmed-over hell is this?” asked The Guardian, which gave it a less-than-glowing one-star review. Perry also came under fire in some quarters for working with Dr Luke, the pop producer that Kesha sued for sexual assault in 2014. (A judge dismissed those claims, and Luke countersued for defamation, which was eventually settled out of court.)
With “Lifetimes”, 143’s second single, Perry probably hoped to regain some momentum. What could go wrong with a poppy club track, and a video in which she parties in Ibiza and has a jolly time on the beach? Alas, she wasn’t expecting a response from the environmental department of the Balearic Islands. Yesterday, it announced that was investigating Perry for a potential breach of ecological regulations. The “Lifetimes” video features scenes shot in a protected area of dunes on the islet of S’Espalmador – you need a license to film there, and Perry’s production crew allegedly didn’t ask for one.
All this has snowballed into a narrative that Perry is a has-been, a busted flush – a relic of the 2010s who’s no match for modern pop stars like Charli XCX and Sabrina Carpenter. Whether it’s true or not isn’t the point. Once a narrative is established, every and any event is interpreted in a way that confirms it. Sometimes narratives act as unstoppable forces of positivity: because Charli XCX is currently basking in the glow of Brat summer, everything she does will be seen in the best possible light.
But Perry has managed to become the anti-Brat. The S’Espalmador incident has received far more coverage than it would have done had it been a blip in an otherwise faultless campaign. We’re even at the stage where Business Insider has interviewed a PR expert about whether Perry can salvage 143 in any way.
Narratives of this kind always existed in traditional media, but they’ve become more extreme in an era of online virality. The churning content machine demands trends, and trends are built on narratives, and narratives have, at their core, a simple question: is a thing good, or is it bad? Perry has stood inside the internet’s colosseum and been given the thumbs down.
See More Stories
Condé Nast Britain
© 2025 Condé Nast