‘Brat and it’s completely different but also still brat’ arrives this month
It appears Charli XCX is teasing new ‘Brat’ remixes with Bon Iver and Tinashe.
Last month the pop singer announced a reimagined version of her latest album and summer phenomenon ‘Brat’, titled ‘Brat and it’s completely different but also still brat’.
The record appears to be a remix album and will be released October 11. So far the new edition has been previewed with ‘Von Dutch’ featuring Addison Rae, ‘Girl, So Confusing’ with Lorde, ‘360’ with Robyn and Yung Lean, ‘Guess’ with Billie Eilish, and ‘Talk Talk’ with Troye Sivan, plus a spoken contribution from Dua Lipa.
Various other potential names have already been circulating online, including Madonna, Caroline Polachek, SOPHIE and Grimes.
Now it seems that Bon Iver and Tinashe have been thrown into the mix after after a green ‘Brat’-style board with ‘Bon Iver’ spelt backwards was spotted in Wisconsin, along with a similar one featuring Tinashe’s name in Pasadena. Fans have noted that the billboards have been placed in the artist’s respective hometowns.
ive cracked the code. bon iver operates out of wisconsin. and thats where his billboard is. tinashe famously moved to pasadena. thats where her billboard is.robyn, yung lean and bladee are all from stockholm. thats where their posters are. pic.twitter.com/9S1UmWPrEW
— Aphex Twin Updates (@shellyrealest) October 1, 2024
Tinashe and Charli XCX previously featured together on Ty Dolla $ign’s 2015 track ‘Drop That Kitty’, also featuring in the music video together.
Bon Iver, meanwhile, recently returned to announce new EP ‘SABLE’ (out October 18), and shared the single ‘S P E Y S I D E’.
Bon Iver’s fourth and latest studio record, ‘i, i’, was released in 2019. In a five-star review of the project, NME said that we find “contradictory instrumental lines gorgeously meshing together, turning the older sounds into something fresh and new”.
Meanwhile, Charli XCX and Sivan are currently on the US leg of their ‘Sweat’ tour, which NME said in a five-star review saw “former pop underdogs cement their status as arena-slaying icons”.
It went on: “Both Sivan and XCX have spent time as pop’s underdogs – niche at the start of their respective careers but, in hindsight, always ahead of the game. As they wrap up the night with performances of their collaborations ‘1999’ and the ‘Talk Talk’ remix, it’s clear that they’ve both not just mastered their craft but are now getting the recognition they deserve. ‘Brat’ summer might be over, but these two are just getting started.”
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.