Charli xcx attends the WSJ. Magazine Innovators Awards at the Museum of Modern Art on Tuesday, Oct. 29, 2024, in New York.Evan Agostini/Invision/AP
Charli XCX is kicking off 2025 with an extension of her “Brat” era, announcing a five-date U.S. arena tour.
The “Brat” 2025 tour kicks off April 22 in Austin, Texas, at the Moody Center, followed by stops in Minneapolis, Chicago and two nights at Brooklyn’s Barclays Center on April 30 and May 1.
These performances will be Charli’s first solo U.S. arena dates after her co-headlining “Sweat” tour with Troye Sivan in 2024.
Tickets go on sale to the general public on Tuesday, November 26 at 2 p.m. local time via Ticketmaster.
Tickets are also available on secondary market platforms such as Vivid Seats, SeatGeek and StubHub, which offer verified tickets with buyer guarantees. These platforms may offer below-face-value pricing and availability for sold-out shows.
4/22 - Austin, TX - Moody Center
4/26 - Minneapolis, MN - Target Center
4/28 - Rosemont, IL - Allstate Arena
4/30 - Brooklyn, NY - Barclays Center
5/01 - Brooklyn, NY - Barclays Center
Charli will also make appearances at Coachella and Primavera Sound.
These tour dates are in support of her “Brat” album, released in June 2024. It peaked at No. 3 on the Billboard 200 chart and earned Charli multiple Grammy nominations, including Album of the Year and Best Pop Solo Performance for “Apple.”
In addition to the original release, Charli released a deluxe version of “Brat,” titled “Brat (Deluxe)” and a remix album, “Brat and It’s Completely Different But Also Still Brat,” featuring reworked tracks with contributions from artists like Billie Eilish, Ariana Grande and Caroline Polachek.
You can stream the iconic album on Apple Music (free trial) or shop for CDs and exclusive vinyl record variants through Walmart, Amazon, Urban Outfitters and other select retailers.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices