With over half of Generation Z being at or above the legal voting age, their voices are finally entering the political conversation.
The current election season has undoubtedly been one for the history books — with back-to-back events leaving newsrooms across the nation in shambles and internet culture becoming more prevalent than ever in the way politicians choose to connect with young voters.
“TikTok in specific has a large sway on elections. Whichever candidate has the strongest campaign on social media will have a larger voter percentage within the younger demographic,” Lexie Ponce, a current college student at Lewis-Clark State College explains. “Social media is now the best marketing tactic because it is free and can reach a large number of audiences.”
With that being said — can virality and relatability define an election?
On July 21, 2024, President Joe Biden endorsed Vice President Kamala Harris to be the next Democratic candidate for the presidential election, following his resignation. This  dramatically shifted the trajectory of the presidential race.
That same day, English pop-star Charli XCX made a post on X, formally known as Twitter, stating “kamala IS brat”, referencing her 2024 album “Brat”.
This post alone amassed over 54 million views, and sparked a wildfire of conversation online.
In a TikTok video, Charli XCX explains what it means to be a brat.
“You’re just that girl who is a little messy and likes to party — maybe says some dumb things sometimes. Who feels herself but maybe also has a breakdown. But kind of like parties through it. Very honest, very blunt. A little bit volatile. Like, does dumb things. But it’s brat. You’re brat. That’s brat.”
Charli XCX began the rollout of her eccentric sixth studio album titled “Brat” early this summer. “Brat”, was critically and commercially acclaimed, debuting at No. 2 on the UK Albums Chart and No. 3 on the Billboard 200 Album Chart. 
“Brat” became not only a hyper-pop phenomenon, but a way of life. TikTok users coined the term “brat summer”, and began heavily leaning into the iconic aesthetics of the album online.
After the virality of Charli XCX’s endorsement, Kamala’s team decided to lean head first into the craze.
Utilizing the album’s Arial font and lime green coloring, Kamala HQ also began to branch out to users on Instagram and Tiktok — specifically targeting a younger demographic. 
For those aware of current internet culture – it is near impossible to not take notice. The Kamala HQ social media pages are up to date on current trends, songs and online memes.
“Right now, everyone is saying Kamala is brat, and it definitely appeals to young voters, especially those who identify as queer,” says Delaney Miller, a student at Boise State University.
Kamala Harris’ outreach to America’s youth doesn’t end at her acknowledgement of  “brat summer”. Her campaign seems to be focused on meeting Gen Z voters where they are.
“In our generation especially, social media platforms like TikTok have a huge impact in how we view our presidential candidates,” Amber Jansson, a student at Boise State University explains. “I also think that celebrities with mass followings showing support for a certain candidate can sway followers.”
Over the years, TikTok and other similar apps have become a point of discovery for members of Generation Z. 
For some, connecting pop culture to the political landscape seems like a breath of fresh air — but for others, it may come across disingenuous.
In a voluntary survey conducted by The Arbiter, students aged 18-27 answered where they primarily consume news related content. 
Of 21 students surveyed, over half noted their primary source of news consumption came from Instagram, despite Instagram’s recent decision to avoid recommending political content to users who do not manually consent to viewing it within their settings. 
Utilizing the popular culture to gain support has been a campaign tactic politicians have used for decades, but it is becoming increasingly easier on platforms that utilize personalized algorithms to keep supporters engaged. 
“We use social media in different ways than before,” Kennedy Ausbun, a student at Boise State University adds. “It has allowed us to voice our opinions and connect with each other in different ways.”
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
Δ
Editor-in-Chief
Kelly Ann Asker | editor@stumedia.boisestate.edu
Arbiter Staff: (208)-426-6308
Sales Team: (208)-426-6302
The Arbiter is the official independent student news source of Boise State, where student editors make all content decisions and bear responsibility for those decisions. The Arbiter’s budget consists of fees paid by the student body and advertising sales.