Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
"You always write songs hoping Britney's going to record them," the singer-songwriter told host Andy Cohen.

							By 

	Carly Thomas

Associate Editor

Charli XCX has confirmed past rumors that she was working on writing music for a potential new Britney Spears album at one point.

	However, the English singer-songwriter admitted in a recent appearance on Watch What Happens Live that she wasn’t too sure how involved Spears was in the process, as the “Toxic” singer had previously shut down rumors on social media.



	“Um, so. Well, yes, but, it leaked to the press,” Charli XCX said, responding to a caller’s question. “Britney then did this post where she was like, ‘I don’t have random people write for me.’ I was like, okay, go off! So I don’t know that she was part of the process.”

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	News
			



	
		
					Singer-Songwriter Jill Sobule "Filled The Room With This Whirlwind of Whimsy"		
			














	
	News
			



	
		
					Dual Lawsuits Accuse and Deny José Menendez's Alleged Sexual Assaults of Menudo Members		
			








	In January, Spears took to her Instagram to set the record straight, writing, “They keep saying I’m turning to random people to do a new album … I will never return to the music industry !!!”

	Later on the show, host Andy Cohen interjected, “Maybe her team was looking for…” 

	“Her team was running before they could walk,” Charli XCX continued. “Britney probably has a load of other projects that she’s focusing on. So I did get asked but I don’t know if it’s like, real.”

	Cohen also asked the “Boom Clap” singer if she wrote any songs with the hope of Spears potentially recording them.

	“Of course,” she said. “I went to Malibu and I wrote. You always write songs hoping Britney’s going to record them … but you know, she didn’t record it. … I love her. It would be a dream come true.”

The Hollywood Reporter has reached out to Spears’ rep for comment.

	In Spears’ social media post earlier this year, she also shared that she writes songs for other artists.

	“When I write, I write for fun or I write for other people !!!” the “Circus” wrote at the time. “For those of you who have read my book, there’s loads that you don’t know about me …I’ve written over 20 songs for other people the past two years !!! I’m a ghostwriter and I honestly enjoy it that way !!!”
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.