Parklife 2025 has dropped part of its line-up in a major tease. However, the full lineup will be revealed in January.
This tantalising glimpse reveals some of the big names set to descend on Manchester's Heaton Park from 14th-15th June 2025. As Europe's largest city festival, boasting up to 80,000 music lovers per day, and a must-have date in the diary, Parklife is the summer event everyone's been eagerly anticipating.
None other than avant-pop and electronic sensation Charli XCX will be headlining. The past year has seen her become one of the most celebrated and talked-about artists, with her latest album 'Brat' causing a global stir and reshaping pop culture.
Packed with club bangers and celebrating a confident, independent, and hedonistic attitude, 'Brat' earned multiple Grammy nominations, spawned internet-breaking remixes, and garnered countless accolades. It cemented Charli XCX as one of this generation's defining voices. There's no one quite like her, and Parklife will be one of the few select places you can catch her in the UK next summer.
Confidence Man, hailed as one of the best live bands globally, is set to deliver a thrilling performance at the weekend event. Interplanetary Criminal, known for his innovative UK Garage tracks and dynamic live sets, will bring his unique sound to the park.
The Manchester local will be joined by another 0161 titan, salute, who will return with their distinctive mix of house, UKG, and rave, filling the dance floor with euphoric productions. Berlin trance duo DJ Heartstring will also bring their lively club sound and remixes of Romy and Charli xcx to Manchester for an unforgettable set.
The initial lineup for Parklife 2025 includes party-starters like KI/KI, Girls Don’t Sync, Prospa, Chaos In The CBD, Antony Szmierek, Sim0ne, Bakey, Jodie Harsh and Gina Breeze. This is just a sneak peek of the massive lineup to be unveiled in January, with many highly acclaimed artists across various genres set to join the bill, setting Parklife apart from its competitors - mark your calendars for June 2025.
Parklife 2025 is set to be a sell-out, with General Sale tickets becoming available on Black Green Friday, 29th November at 10am. Those who've signed up via parklife.uk.com can get their hands on Limited Exclusive Pre-Sale tickets a day earlier, on Thursday 28th November at 10am.
Weekend tickets are priced at £135. Once the full lineup is announced in January, Day tickets will be up for grabs at £89.50. Three customers can download the Three+ app and buy tickets from 10am Tuesday 26th November. Meanwhile, a limited exclusive pre-sale for PL25 sign ups available from 10am on Thursday 28th November.
General sale will commence at 10am on November 29. All tickets are available on Parklife's official website.
Follow Mirror Celebs onTikTok,Snapchat,Instagram,Twitter,Facebook,YouTubeandThreads.
Celeb obsessed? Get a daily dose of showbiz gossip direct to your inbox