By
			
			Anthony Nash		

Charli XCX is continuing her acting career, as Black Bear announced that the singer-songwriter has joined the cast of the upcoming thriller I Want Your Sex. 
The star will join a cast that already features an all-star ensemble, with Olivia Wilde and Cooper Hoffman previously announced to star in the film. Charli XCX’s role in the film is unknown as of now, but the role sees her continue to branch out into the world of Hollywood. 
Aside from I Want Your Sex, Charli XCX will also have a role in the upcoming Faces of Death remake, which stars Barbie Ferreira and Dacre Montgomery.
In the world of music, Charli XCX just recently released her sixth studio album, “Brat,” this past summer. The album has gone on to garner critical acclaim, with the album’s cover going viral online and leading to the “brat summer” trend that took over social media over the past few months.
“How far is too far? When fresh-faced Elliot (Hoffman) lands an exciting job for renowned artist, icon and provocateur Erika Tracy (Wilde), his fantasies come true as Erika taps him to become her sexual muse,” the synopsis for the movie reads. “But Elliot soon finds himself out of his depth as Erika takes him on a journey more profound than he ever could have imagined, into a world of sex, obsession, power, betrayal and murder. Featuring outrageous characters and a playful sense of humor, I Want Your Sex will upend expectations in a way that will both shock and delight!”
The movie is directed by Gregg Araki, who previously made 1995’s The Doom Generation, 1997’s Nowhere, 1999’s Splendor, 2007’s Smiley Face, and more.
Araki co-wrote the script with Karley Sciortino. He also produces the movie alongside Sciortino, Seth Caplan, Teddy Schwarzman, and Michael Heimler. John Friedberg, Joanne Roberts Wiles, and Courtney L. Cunniff serve as executive producers.
Black Bear has not yet announced an official release date for I Want Your Sex.
Anthony Nash has been writing about games and the gaming industry for nearly a decade. When he’s not writing about games, he’s usually playing them. You can find him on Twitter talking about games or sports at @_anthonynash.
Share article