All I want to do is get excited about Halloween, but midterm season waits for no one. 
These days I feel like I’m in a constant sprint towards Thanksgiving, which is so late this year that when we come back from break, it’s already time for finals. 
If you feel you can relate to me right now, you could definitely use a confidence boost. Whether you need to get your mood back up after getting crushed by schoolwork or you have more on the horizon and need to get hyped up to get it all done, I have songs for you. 
When I’m studying, I need pretty intense motivation. “Come On, Let’s Go” by Tyler, The Creator and Nigo may be a song about a boyfriend desperately urging his girlfriend to hurry up so they won’t be late to an event, but it’s also a song I listen to on repeat when studying. Hearing “Come on, girl, let’s go” repeatedly while cramming is very effective. It’s the exact motivation I need to get all my work done. 
Some artists have something about their vocals that gets me in a good mood, and Charli XCX is one of them. 
With a happy heart, I can finally say I get “BRAT.” I know I’m late, and I’m not proud of it, but I understand now. “Sweat” is not just a tour. It’s a lifestyle.
When I’m approaching burnout in my room at 2 a.m., I know now that turning on “Spring breakers” and hearing Charli sing, “Hi, it’s me, you’re all in danger / Never get invited ’cause I’m such a hater,” at maximum volume isn’t just motivating — it’s therapeutic. 
To anyone who hasn’t given “BRAT” a real chance yet, I have some advice: Don’t overthink it. Midterms have us all thinking enough. Next time you need a palette cleanser or confidence boost when studying, give “BRAT” a listen.
While we’re exploring confidence, Kesha is the blueprint. Her lyrics, vocals and overall attitude exude empowerment. If you love both Kesha and Charli XCX, Kesha is featured on the “Spring breakers” remix on the deluxe album, “Brat and it’s completely different but also still brat.” However, when I want to listen to Kesha alone, I turn to “Your Love Is My Drug,” “We R Who We R” and “Thinking of You.” 
I typically listen to SZA when I want to feel seen and understood, but she also has a few songs that make me feel very powerful. “Broken Clocks” is one of my favorite Sza songs. Hearing SZA sing, “I’m never goin’ back, never goin’ back,” right after finishing an exam, paper or project is very freeing. With lyrics like, “Better day than yesterday / I just take it day by day / Never hearing what they say / I just do it my way,” “Broken Clocks” lends me affirmations for taking things one step at a time on overwhelming days. 
If you want to feel even more confident about your upcoming exams, Chappell Roan is your girl, and “Super Graphic Ultra Modern Girl” is your song. Her music has a sense of fearlessness and pure audacity that’s perfect for this time of year. 
If you’ve never listened to “Super Graphic Ultra Modern Girl” before, I promise that you will instantly feel ten times more confident once you hear the opening monologue. Nothing beats singing along to, “He doesn’t have what it takes to be / With a girl like me,” at the top of your lungs. “Naked in Manhattan” and “After Midnight” are two other Chappell Roan songs that improve my mood. 
Rihanna’s discography is full of bold anthems. The lyrics of “Disturbia” reflect my midterm-studying experience so far: “No more gas in the rig / Nothing heard, nothing said / All my life on my head / Feels like I’m going insane, yeah,” so I’ve had that song on repeat recently. Her songs “Shut Up and Drive” and “Don’t Stop the Music” make me feel like I’m on top of the world. 
The last song I’ll recommend is Maggie Rogers’ “Light On.” I highly recommend this song if you feel like you’re approaching your breaking point and need to take a deep breath. When I’m stressed beyond consolation, hearing Rogers sing, “I’m still dancing at the end of the day,” is exactly what I need to hear to convince myself I will survive another week of exams and papers. 
I’ll be back with more music next week. Until then, don’t forget, I’m always here to listen.
 Cancel reply
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email *