By 

	Ellise Shafer


George Daniel, the producer and multi-instrumentalist best known as the drummer for the 1975 and a collaborator of his fiancé Charli XCX, has dropped his first solo single. 

	“Screen Cleaner,” a heart-thumping dance track laced with hi-hats and chopped-up vocal samples, also marks Daniel’s debut release on dh2, the brand-new electronic imprint he founded via the 1975 label Dirty Hit. 





	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					Celtics Sale Shows Media’s New Pot of Gold: Sports Teams as Mega-Brands 		
			














	
		
					Country Superstar Eric Church on Wanting His Adventurous New Record, 'Evangeline vs. the Machine,' to 'Have Its Own Vibe, Like "Pet Sounds"... Where You Know Which Album the Songs Are From'		
			








	Dh2 held its launch party earlier this month at Phonox in London, where Daniel headlined alongside the imprint’s first signing, Kelly Lee Owens, with additional sets from DJs Oscar Farrell and TimFromTheHouse.

	










	Daniel has most recently gained notoriety for his production work on Charli XCX’s critically acclaimed album “Brat,” on which he has credits for the songs “Club Classics” (where Charli shouts him out with the lyric “I wanna dance with George”) and the TikTok-fueled sleeper hit “Apple.” He has appeared alongside Charli and previewed his solo material at several of her DJ sets throughout the summer, including at Glastonbury Festival, Boiler Room in New York and Ibiza’s Amnesia. He also guested with Jamie xx at his “The Floor” event in London at Venue MOT. 




			Popular on Variety		






	Daniel has been the drummer for the 1975 since its formation in 2002. Alongside singer Matty Healy, his songwriting and production work for the band has earned him four Brit Awards, two Ivor Novello Awards and a Grammy nomination for best rock song for “Give Yourself a Try.” 

	He has also co-produced the Japanese House albums “Good at Falling” and “In the End It Always Does,” as well as songs for Caroline Polachek, Beabadoobee and No Rome. 

	Listen to “Screen Cleaner” below.
The Business of Entertainment