Should Barack Obama, a man who once controlled the world’s second-biggest nuclear arsenal, know what “Brat summer” is? Well, he does: “365”, the frantic closing track on Charli xcx's Brat, has made it to the 2024 edition of the former President's annual summer playlist, which dropped on Monday. It’s one of many buzzy, contemporary songs (Shaboozey’s “A Bar Song (Tipsy)”, Beyoncé’s “Texas Hold ‘Em”, Billie Eilish’s “Chihiro”) that share space on this year's list with more timeless cuts from dad-adored musicians like Sting, Charles Mingus, Bob Dylan and Nick Drake.
This content can also be viewed on the site it originates from.
Obama started sharing his cultural highlights with the world when he was still president, in the form of four or five books most summers. In 2015, the first summer playlists were unveiled—in handy “Day” and “Night” versions, implying that Camp David got pretty lit on the occasional August evening. Since Obama left office, the lists have got longer, a film list has been added, and he now does them twice yearly. Freed from the burdens of the presidency, it seems like Obama is spending an awful lot of his time on music blogs and in newspaper arts sections.
Or someone is, anyway. Because whenever Obama releases a list of songs, a lot of people wonder if it’s really all him. Is a 63-year-old former statesman really bumping Charli XCX and Gunna? Did he really enjoy Dave and Central Cee’s “Sprinter” and Stormzy’s “Toxic Trait”, as per his December 2023 list? Earlier picks have also included Mitski, Boygenius, Sudan Archives and Travis Scott. There is much speculation that the lists are assembled by his younger staffers, or even his stylish daughters, Malia and Sasha.
The 44th president is outraged by this slander. “People seem to think, ‘Well, he must’ve had some 20-year-old intern who was figuring out this latest cut,’” he said in an interview last year. “No, man! It’s on my iPad right now!” Maybe we should give him the benefit of a doubt. But either way, the lists are still interesting, because they represent—authentically or artificially—the platonic ideal of cool dad taste.
What do we mean by this? Essentially, stuff that is cool but not too cool. It’s unbecoming and just plain weird for a middle-aged man to be into Bladee or vintage Arabic disco. It has to be stuff that most people can recognize as cool—but not alienatingly cool. And it has to be mixed with more mainstream stuff, because though a bit of cultural snobbery is glamorous if you’re young, if you’re old it just looks crotchety.
This content can also be viewed on the site it originates from.
The music lists, which combine cool-but-popular songs with selections from the boomer canon, are the most high-profile examples of this. But Obama’s picks in other mediums reflects cool dad taste too. The last few years of his favourite films include Oscar bait (Oppenheimer, The Irishman), critic-approved blockbusters (Top Gun: Maverick, West Side Story) and foreign-language films beloved by the Letterboxd crowd (The Worst Person in the World, Roma).
It’s the same with books. Obama’s summer 2024 list gets in the biggest hits of literary fiction— James by Percival Everett, Martyr! by Kaveh Akbar—plus prestigious, politics- and history-flavored non-fiction, and a few classic but not too obvious novels for good measure. Previous lists are similar: in 2019, he must have been on a real literary non-fiction kick, because he read both Say Nothing by Patrick Radden Keefe and Trick Mirror by Jia Tolentino. In 2018 and 2022 Obama also included books by his wife Michelle, which is either very sweet or very pragmatic, depending on how cynical you are.
Barack Obama is clearly an intelligent and curious person. His (and/or his team’s) cultural picks reflect this. But they also reflect the kind of sea he swims in: broadsheet newspapers and literary magazines; dinners with people with PhDs; having 20-something children who occasionally tell you what they’re listening to. This is the world of the cool dad—tasteful, but not too tasteful. Obama might no longer be America’s president, but he still has a tribe to represent.
This story originally appeared in British GQ.
More From GQ
Connect
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. GQ may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices