The 'Brat' remix album will release later this week
Charli XCX and Ariana Grande have begun teasing a remix of ‘Sympathy Is A Knife’, off XCX’s upcoming ‘Brat’ remix album.
This past weekend, Charli XCX confirmed the 18 guests who will feature on her ‘Brat’ remix album, including Ariana Grande. While XCX did not confirm the tracks that these artists will respectively feature on, she has now revealed that Ariana Grande is hopping on the ‘Sympathy Is A Knife’ rework.
Charli XCX recently shared a new a post on X (formerly Twitter) with new lyrics to ‘Sympathy Is A Knife’ that reads: “It’s a knife when they dissect your body on the front page / It’s a knife when they won’t believe you / Why should you explain?”
It's a knife when they dissect your body on the front pageIt's a knife when they won't believe youWhy should you explain?https://t.co/eUpkkfdG60
— Charli (@charli_xcx) October 6, 2024
Ariana Grande has since shared a screenshot of Charli XCX’s post on her own Instagram Stories, which is due to expire in the next 14 hours.
Last month, the pop singer announced a reimagined version of the cultural phenomenon of the summer, the ‘Brat’ album. It’s titled ‘Brat and it’s completely different but also still brat’ and can be pre-saved here.
The remix record is set for release on October 11, and has so far been previewed with ‘Von Dutch’ featuring Addison Rae, ‘Girl, So Confusing’ with Lorde, ‘360’ with Robyn and Yung Lean, ‘Guess’ with Billie Eilish, and ‘Talk Talk’ with Troye Sivan, plus a spoken contribution from Dua Lipa.
Charli XCX at the Après Met 2 Met Gala After Party, May 6, 2024 in New York. CREDIT: Aurora Rose/WWD via Getty Images
Last week, XCX’s team started erecting ‘Brat’ green billboards in the hometown of artists that are now confirmed to feature on the album – including the 1975, Bon Iver and Tinashe. Some fake billboards circulated before XCX officially announced the line-up on her social media accounts, leading fans to believe Fred Durst, among others, could appear.
The ‘Guess’ singer has now shared that Julian Casablancas, BB Trickz, Bladee, The Japanese House, Shygirl, Jon Hopkins and Caroline Polachek are among the 18 guests who will join the remix album.
The revamped album arrives in the thick of her co-headline run with Troye Sivan on the ‘Sweat Tour’, which NME said in a five-star review saw the “former pop underdogs cement their status as arena-slaying icons”.
Troye Sivan and Charli XCX. CREDIT: Katja Ogrin/Redferns
“Both Sivan and XCX have spent time as pop’s underdogs – niche at the start of their respective careers but, in hindsight, always ahead of the game,” it went on.
“As they wrap up the night with performances of their collaborations ‘1999’ and the ‘Talk Talk’ remix, it’s clear that they’ve both not just mastered their craft but are now getting the recognition they deserve. ‘Brat’ summer might be over, but these two are just getting started.”
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.