British singer Charli XCX is urging her fans to put a stop to their chants against US superstar Taylor Swift.
At her Sao Paulo, Brazil concert at the weekend, there were reported shouts of “A Taylor morreu”, which translates as “Taylor is dead”.
In an Instagram story, Charli XCX shared a screenshot of someone alerting her to this.
She said: “Can the people who do this please stop. Online or at my shows.
“It is the opposite of what I want and it disturbs me that anyone would think there is room for this in this community. I will not tolerate it.”
The 31-year-old, real name Charlotte Aitchison, previously performed during Swift’s Reputation Stadium Tour in 2018 and has cited her music as an influence.
However, in 2019 Charli XCX said performing on Swift’s tour felt like “I was getting up on stage and waving to five-year-olds” in an interview in Pitchfork.
She later clarified those comments saying there is “no shade and only love here” and she is “extremely grateful to Taylor for inviting me to open” her show.
Charli, who rose to fame following her 2013 collaboration with Icona Pop titled I Love It, explained that before joining Swift for the stadium tour she had been playing adult-only clubs.
She said: “So to be on stage in front of all ages was new to me and made me approach my performances with a whole new kind of energy.”
There has also been speculation that Charli’s relationship with The 1975 drummer, George Daniel, who is her fiance, has led to her mentioning Swift on her song Sympathy Is A Knife from her new album, Brat.
The song contains lines about a woman she does not want “backstage at my boyfriend’s show” and also contains the phrase “hope they break up quick”.
Swift reportedly dated Matty Healy, the frontman of The 1975, and fans believe he is referenced on her record The Tortured Poets Department.
She is currently in a relationship with American football player Travis Kelce, who she brought on stage at her Wembley Stadium show on Sunday.
At a separate concert on Saturday, Foo Fighters frontman Dave Grohl seemed to claim that her band does not play live.
In social media videos, Grohl told the crowd at London Stadium: “I tell you, man, you don’t want to suffer the wrath of Taylor Swift.
“So we like to call our tour the Errors Tour because I feel like we’ve had more than a few eras, and more than a few f***ing errors as well. Just a couple.
“That’s because we actually play live. What? Just saying. You guys like raw, live rock ‘n’ roll music, right? You came to the right f***ing place.”
On Sunday, Swift appeared to reference this, according to fan videos, saying: “What you just did is an unforgettable moment in not just my life, but every single one of our crew.
“The band that’s going to be playing live for you for three and a half hours tonight.
“They deserve this so much and so does every one of my fellow performers, and you just gave that to us so generously. We will never forget it.”

                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.