Charli XCX will be continuing her international Brat tour into 2025, in celebration of her hit album "Brat.” The viral musician artist is somewhat difficult to catch live, with a limited roster of cities on her schedule for the remaining shows. Tickets have sold fast, but there are still a few ways to buy Charli XCX tickets.
The series includes performances for Coachella and several festivals across Europe. The Brat tour officially began in June 2024 before Charli XCX took a break in December 2024. She also joined Troye Sivan for the SWEAT tour in 2024. The Brat tour is scheduled to resume on April 5 and will come to a close with a three-day festival in August.
We've got you covered if you're looking for how to get tickets to Charli XCX's 2025 tours. Here's our breakdown of Charli XCX's Brat tour schedule, purchasing details, and price comparisons between original and resale tickets. You can also explore ticket and concert specifics on StubHub and Vivid Seats at your convenience.
Charli XCX has added concerts to the Brat Tour for major cities in the US, and 12 shows across Europe. The "Apple" singer returns to the tour on April 5 in Mexico City. She will travel up to the US for 10 shows in the spring then head over to Europe for several festivals. The final shows will take place during the Flow Festival in Finland from June 8 to 10.
* Indicates a music festival Charli XCX will be performing at in addition to several other artists.
You can buy standard original tickets to Charli XCX's 2025 Brat tour on Ticketmaster. Tickets for the concert dates in Mexico City, Dublin, and Belfast are only available via Ticketmaster; dates for Paris can be found via the Charli XCX tour page.
Tickets to see Charli XCX live in 2025 are also available to purchase from verified resale ticket vendors such as StubHub and Vivid Seats. It should be noted that Vivid Seats doesn’t carry tickets for most of the international tour dates.
Tickets for Charli XCX's 2025 tours vary depending on the date, location, and demand for each show. Standard original tickets are still available, however, you may have more luck with seating variety and availability from verified resale sites like StubHub and Vivid Seats.
The cheapest standard original tickets on Ticketmaster for Charli XCX's 2025 Brat Tour concerts start at $79 for April 22 in Austin to $148 for the Rosemont show on April 28. Generally, resale ticket prices are comparable or cheaper than standard original tickets.
It should be noted that tickets on April 12 and April 19 are significantly higher than other tickets, as these are for the Coachella Music Festival in Indio. On StubHub, the cheapest tickets are $856 for April 12 and $1,043 for April 16. On Vivid Seats the tickets are $825 and $756 for the same dates.
Outside of the prices for Coachella, on StubHub, the least expensive resale tickets to Charli XCX's 2025 concerts range from $46 for her Austin concert on April 23 to $445 for Charli XCX's Barcelona show on June 5. Vivid Seats has similar resale ticket prices for the "Speed Drive" singer's tour, which are between $40 for her Austin concert on April 23 to $418 for her Manchester performance on June 15. Typically, the starting prices for her shows' resale tickets begin in the $60 to $120 range.
VIP packages are also being offered for the Charli XCX tour at premium prices. Check out Ticketmaster's website for additional details on the Brat Tour VIP packages and what each option offers.
As of writing, openers have not yet been confirmed for the 2025 leg of Charli XCX’s Brat Tour. If and when they are announced, we’ll update this story with details.
Charli XCX has added 12 international tour dates for the 2025 Brat Tour. These include Mexico, Spain, France, Portugal, the United Kingdom, Ireland, Hungary, Norway and Finland.
Jump to