Bowen, it's okay to admit you're jealous of her.
 "Talk Talk" singer Charli XCX is talk talking about Bowen Yang's "Talk Talk" sketch parodying her on Saturday Night Live.

 On a recent episode of The Howard Stern Show, the radio host asked the singer if she saw the sketch from Sept. 28's episode "as a compliment or were you just ticked off about it?" "Oh no, no, no, I think SNL is iconic, and Troye [Sivan] and I, we had an inkling it was coming," Charli responded, perhaps hinting at being briefed ahead of time by Yang, with whom she's friends. "We were very excited about it, and I love Bowen, and honestly I think he did a great job. I was very impressed with the hair texture actually, I thought it was a really good wig. Yeah, it was good. It was cool," she said.

Will Heath/NBC via Getty; Danielle Del Valle/Getty
 In the sketch, Yang appears in full Charli drag - loose, blown out curls, distressed pleather mini dress, massive black sunglasses - to host "The Talk Talk Show with Charli XCX," a play on the singer's recent song "Talk Talk."

 "This is my talk show where we talk talk about whatever I'm on about," Yang begins. "With me as always is Australian dingo twink Troye Sivan." The camera cuts to Sarah Sherman as the pop star in a white tank top and fake washboard abs spinning records on a DJ rig. Charli and Sivan are currently embarking on a 22-city joint concert tour known as "Sweat," and released a collaborative remix of "Talk Talk," from Charli's critically acclaimed 2024 album Brat.

 Yang's XCX runs through segments like "Brat or Nat," where various topics like "Hunter Biden's laptop" and "Amy Adams in Nightbitch" get the thumbs up or down, and interviews nightlife superstar Susanne Bartsch (Jean Smart, the episode's host), CNN anchor Kaitlan Collins (Chloe Fineman), and House Representative Jasmine Crockett (Ego Nwodim).

 Sign up for Entertainment Weekly's free daily newsletter to get breaking TV news, exclusive first looks, recaps, reviews, interviews with your favorite stars, and more.

Charli XCX/X
 As Charli, real name Charlotte Aitchison, predicted on the Brat single "360," she has been "so everywhere" since the album was released in June. Permutations of the wildly meme-able album cover (designed by Brent David Freany) spread like wildfire, "Brat Summer" was coined to describe the lifestyle the album's 15 bangers gestures toward, remixes with superstars like Billie Eilish and Lorde took over the charts, and the Kamala Harris presidential campaign even used the Brat cover aesthetic in promotional materials after Charli posted "Kamala IS brat" on X.

 This cycle of pop culture eventually finding its way to the Studio 8H stage was only a matter of course.

 Sivan was the subject of his own SNL sketch last Nov., in which a woman (Sherman) experiencing sleep paralysis begins hallucinating a dancing Sivan (host Timothée Chalamet and later, members of the band Boygenius, the episode's musical guests).

 "I will never forget that weekend for the rest of my life," he told The Project. "I watched it live with everyone. I thought maybe it would be a quick moment if I was lucky or something. But it's this full sketch, and it's awesome... I just need to impersonate him now."

 Fans have been crossing their fingers that Charli will be named a musical guest on an upcoming episode of Saturday Night Live's 50th season. Only the hosts and musical guests of the first five episodes have been announced so far, but there's still time for Charli to join the likes of Stevie Nicks and her "Guess" remix collaborator Eilish.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)