One could say she pulled a 360... 
Every product on this page was chosen by a Harper's BAZAAR editor. We may earn commission on some of the items you choose to buy.
Kaia Gerber just showed off her laid back weekend style—and relatably, how different her aesthetic can be on Friday as compared to Saturday. 
As the model walked around New York City, she celebrated the end of the work week in a romantic black sundress from DÔEN. The cotton dress featured a scoop neckline with a playful keyhole detail, as well as a ruched bodice, short puffed sleeves, and an A-line skirt. 
Gerber styled the adorable frock with a pair of black wraparound sunglasses, and added a Parisian twist on her look with black leather ballet flats. A large tan tote bag and a pair of wired headphones completed her breezy Friday ensemble.
Come Saturday, however, Gerber dressed down even more—and gave a hint at what she was bumpin’ to in her wired headphones. Stepping out again in her black ballet flats, the model threw on a plain black tank top and a pair of loose, low-rise navy pants. Despite the humidity of the season, she layered with a striped chambray jacket, rolling up the sleeves to her forearms. 
A luxe gray leather purse balanced on one of her arms, but it was no match for her standout accessory. Fully embracing the summer of Charli XCX, Gerber wore a black hat with green lettering that spelled out “Brat,” the name of the artist’s latest album. 
The cheeky cap made it apparent what (or rather, who) the model was listening to, and clearly, she’s taken notes on the album’s references to Von Dutch trucker hats and romantisizing everyday life. She even finished off her outfit with black wraparound sunglasses, a style that has become synonymous with Charli. There’s no question about it—Gerber is having a brat summer.
Bella Hadid Glows in a Bubblegum-Pink Set
J.Lo’s Dress Shimmers Like a Starry Night Sky
Hailey Bieber's Party Dress Is Made Of Watches
Princess Charlotte's Birthday Portrait, by Kate
Kendall Jenner’s Halter Plunges to New Depths
Florence Pugh Steps Out in Five Different Looks
Kate and William Show Rare PDA in New Photos
Dua Lipa Looks Cool In Leather Pants
Lucas Bravo & Shailene Woodley Are Official
Hailey Bieber’s Gucci Dress Is So Cinderella-Coded
Kylie and Timothée Show PDA at a Lakers Game
Charli XCX Posts a Photo Dump From Her Brat Tour
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.