By HEIDI PARKER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  22:49, 30 July 2024   |  Updated:  02:26, 31 July 2024   
 52
View  comments
Jessica Alba has been enjoying her summer in Greece with her family after doing the Charli XCX Brat Girl Summer dance from her song Apple.
The 43-year-old Fantastic Four actress was spotted modeling a skimpy string bikini while near the shores of the picturesque island of Mykonos.
The dark-haired Hollywood staple was working on her tan in the popular location as she was seen with a book by her side and a drink in her hand.
Also with the Honest Company founder was her husband of 16 years, Cash Warren. They were seen talking on the deck of a yacht. 
Later the Camp Nowhere child star added a long white dress as she snacked on grapes while checking out the scenic view the yacht afforded. 
Jessica Alba has been enjoying her summer in Europe with her family. She is now in Greece
The 43-year-old Fantastic Four actress was spotted modeling a skimpy string bikini while near the shores of the picturesque island of Mykonos
Jessica was in a paisley print two piece that had a pale pink string accent.
The diva did not drop her glam, however, as she wore large, round sunglasses that matched her oversized hoop Jenny From The Block earrings. Later, she slipped on Tory Burch sunglasses.
She also flashed her wedding ring from Cash as well as a beaded bracelet while laying on a chocolate brown towel.
The TV star had a crystal glass in her hand that contained a pink beverage as she flashed white nails.
Cash was dressed in a white polo shirt with black striped shorts.  Warren seemed to hover near his lady love, and, later he planted a kiss on her.
They are on vacation with their three children; together they have Honor, Haven and Hayes. 
Before the family was in Greece, they spent time in Provence, France, where the artist wrote about her time there.
'Kicking off our fam summer ☀️ vacay at the most magical place in Provence. Thank you @lecouventdesminimes for such an incredible stay - we couldn’t have dreamt up a better week.
'The @loccitane spa was absolutely stunning. If you’re looking for a 10/10 deep tissue massage, ask for Morgane. But make sure to explore the facility regardless - there are so many different sensory experiences.
'In terms of food, both of the restaurants on the property were insanity. We had one dinner at Le Feuillée which totally lived up to its hype - Chef Louis knows what’s up! And then we ate breakfasts and dinners at Bistrot Pamparigouste which became an instant classic and Hayesies favorite.
'A huge huge thank you to Mathilde and the entire team - everyone was beyond thoughtful and kind - a true family run- boutique hotel… my favorite ❤️ We truly cannot wait to come back #AD #Provence #LeCouventDesMinimes #Loccitane.'
The dark-haired Hollywood staple was working on her tan in the popular location as she was seen with a book by her side
Also with the Honest Company founder was her husband, Cash Warren, far left. Daughter Honor is behind Jessica
They were seen talking on the deck of a yacht as Jessica adjusted her swimsuit bottoms
Next to the movie icon was a blonde woman in a bikini that was blue and rust colored
The two have been wed since May 19, 2008. This year they celebrated their 16th wedding anniversary and 20 years together with Instagram posts.
'Happy Anniversary @cash_warren. I’m proud of us for making it this far,' she said.
'There is no real set of rules or guidance that can ever prepare you for what it means to commit to another person and choose to be family.
'Through thick and thin we have continually found our way back to each other and have chosen one another. Cheers to us, I love you,' finished the Machete actress.
She shared the secret to her 16-year marriage to Warren with People: 'It's something you really have to make a choice to do. You have to really find time to make time for each other.'
Alba met Warren, 45, when both were working on the set of 2005's The Fantastic Four and wed in a simple courthouse ceremony in May 2008, one month before they welcomed their oldest child, Honor, 16 into their family. 
They have since added Haven, almost 13, and Hayes, six, who help keep their parents busy. 
'Going through the motions of the day to day is what it is, but it's important to just know that we have to be a priority, and taking those moments to see each other and have a giggle and not be on the phone and just actually connect,' she explained.
Later the Camp Nowhere child star added a long white dress that opened in front
The Hollywood silver screen siren snacked on green grapes while checking out the scenic view the yacht afforded
'Anytime we ebb or flow, we just look around and it's like, "Actually, at my worst, I'm still better off with you,"' she contended.
'You have to look up and say, "Would my life be better if we weren't together?" And every time, it's, "No." We're friends, you know?'
As her children grow older, spending time as a family is also key.
'We went to Monster Jam, and the girls and I were out of our element, but Hayes was so excited to show us everything. He knew all the cars and drivers and stats,' the L.A's Finest star revealed.
'To have this 6-year-old dude, who we pretty much always bring into our environment, feel so confident was the cutest thing ever.'
This comes after the red carpet wonder was seen in a black bikini that showed off her slender shape and a black opened shirt.
At one point she received a kiss and a hug from her spouse whose father is Michael Warren, who played Officer Bobby Hill on the NBC television series Hill Street Blues
She raised her glass to toast some pals while looking down at a towel
The workout enthusiast then flashed her wrist tattoo as she waved at passing boaters
On the left, Alba was seen with her tortoise shell Tory Burch sunglasses on after wearing round ones, right
The mother of three was dancing like a teenaged clubgoer in a backyard with her hair down as her children were not seen.
The was doing the viral Charli XCX dance for the song Apple off the singer's Brat album.
Alba's moves were first seen on TikTok before she added to Instagram, then 15 minutes later took down. 
'Heard it was a Brat summer,' wrote the cover girl in her caption.
TikTok creator Kelley Heyer was the one who choreographed the fun dance routine.
'1 month ago I made a dance on a whim and now look at everyone dancing and along and having so much fun,' Heyer wrote on TikTok on July 14.
The video caught on like wildfire. 
Ashley Tisdale, Glen Powell and Brooke Shields are some of the stars who have already re-created it.
Powell said, 'Hard to remember my life before this dance.'
Alba posed with Haven and Hayes when on shore during her Greek vacation
Jessica also shared to Instagram images of herself with two of her kids in a large lavender field in France
Charli herself caught the post and commented 'ABSOLUTELY !!'
Shields' daughters Rowan and Grier Henchy made her do it.  
'My girls keep telling me it’s a brat summer @charli_xcx,' Shields shared. 'I thought that started when they were born!'
The start of the Apple lyrics read: 'I guess the apple don't fall far from the tree; 'Cause I've been looking at you so long; Now I only see me; I wanna throw the apple into the sky; Feels like you never understand me; So I just wanna drive to the airport; The airport, the airport, the airport.'
Last week she had some fun on social media. The actress was seen in a black bikini that showed off her slender shape and a black opened shirt as she did the Brat dance
This comes after Alba shared the secret to her 16-year marriage to Warren. She told People , 'It's something you really have to make a choice to do. You have to really find time to make time for each other.' (Pictured in Los Angeles June 11)
Brooklyn Beckham and Nicola Peltz skip David's birthday dinner
Kanye comes out as gay in wild rant about Kim and their kids
Bianca Censori appears to walk around naked on Kanye West's livestream
Lorraine Kelly reveals secret health battle from hospital bed
Holly Madison reveals 'disgusting' sex acts with Hugh Hefner
Young guitarist get through to final as BGT is hit by fix row
Ryan Reynolds dodges questions about Travis Kelce 'unfollowing'
Bridget Jones author reveals she was 'groped' while at the BBC
Sam Fender reveals Adolescence star Owen Cooper starring in new video
David Beckham shares his excitement ahead of 50th birthday
Britney Spears' bold move after ex Sam Asghari flaunts new girlfriend
Danny Jones returns to the stage with McFly after 'kiss scandal'
In a recent interview with Trever Noah on his What Now? podcast, the actress and entrepreneur said it took a few years for her to feel confident as a business owner.
In a preview of the conversation posted on The Honest Company founder's Instagram page she revealed, 'It took me, probably three years after I founded Honest until I really embraced the notion that I could be smart.'
'I allowed my co-founders, who I brought on and who I pitched them the idea, but I let them take credit for finding me,' she said.
'I didn't actively change that narrative for a long time.' 
When asked what advice she would give her younger self, the action star answered, without hesitation, 'Stop looking to men for validation.'
'Damn,' replied Noah. 
Alba took on a kick-butt role for her latest project, Trigger Warning, as a woman seeking to use her Special Forces training to find out what really lead up to her father's sudden death.
Looks awesome &mldr; and no tattoos, an added bonu...

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group