Fans think British pop singer Charli XCX has enlisted Billie Eilish to join her on a remix of her song “Guess,” which appears on her album “Brat” that has been the subject of the viral “Brat summer” trend.
Charli XCX's album "Brat" launched the "Brat summer" trend. (Photo by Emma McIntyre/Getty Images)
Charli XCX teased an upcoming remix of “Guess” on social media Wednesday afternoon, posting a picture captioned “Guess ?” with herself and another artist whose heads are not visible in the image, concealing the featured artist’s identity.
Text on the image reads: “Guess featuring” a series of blanks.
Fans believe the rings on the unknown artist’s hand match those worn by Billie Eilish when she appeared as a guest on Amelia Dimoldenberg’s “Chicken Shop Date” earlier this month.
Charli XCX has not confirmed whether the featured artist is Eilish, nor has she revealed the remix’s release date, though she teased in an Instagram post last week that something may be released this week.
Charli XCX’s latest album, “Brat,” has become a viral sensation, inspiring what the singer and fans have dubbed “Brat summer.” The album, which released in June, is recognizable for its neon-green, all-lowercase album cover that has been emulated by various brands and public figures—including Vice President Kamala Harris, who has adopted the “Brat” aesthetic for her presidential campaign. Kamala HQ, the official X account for Harris’ campaign, updated its cover photo to match the “Brat” album cover, with “kamala hq” in all lowercase in front of a green background. The singer seemingly endorsed Harris by posting on X, formerly known as Twitter: “kamala IS brat.” Fans have made viral video edits to Harris dancing and laughing while songs from “Brat” play. Charli XCX has previously described “Brat summer” as “being confident, putting yourself out there, being out, being about, being the center of attention.” “Brat summer” can be either “luxurious” or “trashy,” the singer said, and some of the “Brat summer” essentials include “a pack of cigs, a Bic lighter and a strappy white top with no bra.”
“Brat” has risen on the streaming charts as the “Brat summer” trend has grown in popularity. Charli XCX’s song “360,” which has been used in many “Brat” video edits on TikTok, ranks No. 27 on the U.S. Spotify chart for the week ending July 25, up 24 spots from the week prior, when it ranked No. 51. Her song “Apple,” boosted by a viral TikTok dance that has been mimicked by Glen Powell, Brooke Shields, Stephen Colbert and more, jumped 88 spots from No. 141 to No. 53 over the same timeframe. “Brat” ranked No. 8 on the U.S. Spotify albums chart for the week ending July 25.
Whether Eilish really is the artist on the remix—and when the song will release.
Here’s How Kamala Harris Is Embracing Memes Like Charli XCX’s ‘Brat Summer’ And ‘Project Coconut Tree’ (Forbes)
What Is Brat Summer? The Charli XCX Trend, Explained (Glamour)
One Community. Many Voices. Create a free account to share your thoughts. 
Our community is about connecting people through open and thoughtful conversations. We want our readers to share their views and exchange ideas and facts in a safe space.
In order to do so, please follow the posting rules in our site's Terms of Service.  We've summarized some of those key rules below. Simply put, keep it civil.
Your post will be rejected if we notice that it seems to contain:
User accounts will be blocked if we notice or believe that users are engaged in:
So, how can you be a power user?
Thanks for reading our community guidelines.  Please read the full list of posting rules found in our site's Terms of Service.