By LILY JOBSON FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  12:58, 18 February 2024   |  Updated:  14:02, 18 February 2024   
 21
View  comments
Mia Regan put on a vibrant display in a sleeveless graphic T-shirt as she attended the JW Anderson show at the Seymour Leisure Centre during LDF on Sunday.
The model, 21, looked stylish in a navy graphic tee with a lemon on it and opted for a quirky yellow and brown shoulder bag for the London Fashion Week show.
Alexa Chung, 40, slipped into a stylish pair of navy trousers, teamed with a white T-shirt and a chic purple cardigan. 
The Television presenter added a glitzy silver handbag and a strike of red lipstick for the star-studded fashion show.
Keeley Hawes looked effortlessly chic in a black suit, teamed with a plain white T-shirt and a stylish orange handbag.
Mia Regan, 21, put on a vibrant display in a sleeveless graphic T-shirt as she attended the JW Anderson show at the Seymour Leisure Centre during London Fashion Week on Sunday
Alexa Chung, 40, (left) slipped into a stylish pair of navy trousers, teamed with a white T-shirt and a chic purple cardigan 
The Durrells star, 48, exuded glamour in her glamorous attire and elevated her frame with black strappy heels. 
Alexa joined Tish Weinstock and Jessie Andrews on the side lines as they posed for a sweet photo before the catwalk kicked off. 
The model huddled in for a photo with Charli XCX, who looked sensational in a blue and white pinstripe shirt and distressed denim blue jeans. 
Keeping warm and dry from the rain, Alexa shielded her shoulders with a beige trench coat. 
Mia looked in high spirits, amid recent rumours that she has split from boyfriend Romeo Beckham, as she posed up a storm for the cameras.
She arrived to the event with her trademark slicked back low-bun and opted for brightly-coloured footwear.
Mia's outing comes after Romeo sparked rumours that they parted ways after he didn't post a social media tribute for Valentine's Day.
The footballer and son of legend David Beckham, 21, has been dating Mia since 2019 - but the pair went on a break in 2022. 
Mia looked in high spirits, amid recent rumours that she has split from boyfriend Romeo Beckham, as she posed up a storm for the cameras
She arrived to the event with her trademark slicked back low-bun and opted for brightly-coloured footwear
The beauty looked gorgeous in her ensemble as she headed into the fashion show
The model looked stylish in a navy graphic tee with a lemon on it and opted for a quirky yellow and brown shoulder bag
The Durrells star exuded glamour in her glamorous attire and elevated her frame with black strappy heels
Alexa joined Tish Weinstock and Jessie Andrews on the side lines as they posed for a sweet photo before the catwalk kicked off
Tish, the Contributing Beauty Editor at Vogue, put on a leggy display in knee-high black boots and a mesh red top
The model huddled in for a photo with Charli XCX, who looked sensational in a blue and white pinstripe shirt and distressed denim blue jeans
Keeping warm and dry from the rain, Alexa shielded her shoulders with a beige trench coat
Alexa couldn't wipe the smile off her face as she approached the venue for the fashion show
Sex Education star Asa Butterfield cut a fashion forward figure in a pair of brown high-waisted trousers and a blue shirt, while toting a JW Anderson suede bag
The models strutted down the runway in a slew of quirky looks, with one putting on a daring display in a sheer red dress, while another stepped out in an extremely oversized grey coat
Mia's outing comes after boyfriend Romeo Beckham sparked rumours they split up after he didn't post her on social media for Valentine's Day and followed accounts of models
However the pair, who usually love to gush over one another on social media, have not posted pictures of each other in recent weeks, prompting fans to ask if they had split up. 
Instead of Mia, Romeo spent Valentine's Day with his mother Victoria. The fashion designer, 49, was joined by her second eldest child for a meal at Dorian bistro in Notting Hill, west London. 
It was also noted that Romeo had been following stunning models on Instagram during the same time period, according to The Sun. 
Mia has been vacationing over the last month which some suggested could explain the lack of interactions and posts between the pair. 
Under a picture Romeo shared of himself and his brother Brooklyn, 24, on Wednesday, one fan wrote: 'No valentine message for Mia then.? Have they split up?'
While under a photo shared later that day of Romeo, Brooklyn and Cruz, 18, another fan asked: 'What about Mia? Are they still together?'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group