By EMILY LEFROY FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  21:02, 25 September 2024   |  Updated:  12:29, 26 September 2024   
 5
View  comments
A Charli XCX fan has come under fire for her BRAT move during the singer's New York concert - but those involved say it's all been worked out in the remix.
Social media users were fuming after a video showing Kelley Heyer - the choreographer behind the singer's now-viral 'Apple dance' - being interrupted by an overzealous fan as she was about to perform the sequence.
While thanking supporters for coming to her defense, Heyer asked people to lay off the woman in the clip, saying although they didn't know each other she has since reached out and apologized. 
'Okay guys, I just wanna nip this in the bud before it gets out of hand – the girl who jumps in to do Apple with me, I didn't know who she was. We found each other on socials, she apologized so much I told her it was totally fine, I understand,' Heyer said in a recent TikTok video. 
'The lights, the loud music and everything – she just got really excited. We worked it out on the remix. Do not f**king dox her,' she instructed fans.
Kelley Heyer, who is credited for creating the catchy dance set to Charli XCX's song Apple, performing the TikTok famous number on Monday in New York when an overzealous jumped in
She then assured online warriors that her moment was not ruined, and she still enjoyed her time in the limelight. 
'It was such an amazing moment for me and Charli said those amazing nice words,' she gushed.
The dancer added: 'I don't want that girl's experience of the SWEAT tour to be stained or soured because of comments you guys are leaving.'
Heyer, who gained fame after creating the dance which went viral on TikTok, said she appreciates people defending and supporting her, but to 'have a little bit of grace' towards the woman.
'Please don't dox her. Let's soften the comments a little bit,' she urged, adding she takes a 'little bit of responsibility for posting the video' because she didn't realize what had happened. 
'My partner took that video of me and afterwards I was really excited, so I just uploaded it and didn't realize you guys would focus so much on that,' Heyer explained. 'It's kinda my fault for inadvertently putting her in the social media spotlight.'
Heyer was at the New York leg of the Charli and Troye Sivan's SWEAT tour on Monday watching the show, after being chosen as 'the Apple Girl' – an audience member who has the chance to be on the big screen doing the TikTok routine. 
In clips shared online, the Apple dance creator was seen performing the choreography from the popstar's popular album, BRAT.
A post shared by Kelley Heyer (@kelleyheyer)
Heyer, who gained fame for creating the dance which went viral on TikTok, said she appreciates people defending and supporting her, but to 'have a little bit of grace' towards the woman (pictured)
Heyer then assured online warriors the her moment was not ruined, and she still enjoyed her time in the limelight
Charli XCX is currently on tour with  Troye Sivan on their SWEAT tour
Social media users immediately jumped to the dancer's defense - which she thanked them for but ultimately said was unnecessary 
While other people were seen actively trying to not get in her way, one woman took it as an invitation to dance with her - much to the chagrin of people online.
'The girl's excitement was heartwarming at first, but she really needed to take a step back and wait. Like just because you know of someone online doesn't mean you can get in their personal space and touch their arm/back/anywhere on their body,' one user wrote.
They continued: 'She clearly wanted to finish her dance and was filming and didn't wanna be interrupted.'
'I'm so mad at that girl even tho she was just having fun, you're an icon,' said another.
'That better be your friend cuz I would've thrown hands,' cautioned another.
Others felt the criticism she woman faced was too harsh. 
'Aw, that girl was so excited, it would've been cute if she'd have been as acknowledged,' someone wrote under the video.
'Y'all are making wayyyyy too big of a deal over the girl joining her. both of them dancing together would have even cooler!!!' another agreed.
'The spotlight is big enough to contain both of them!'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group