The Brat Update, named after English singer Charli XCX's 2024 album 'brat, ' is a Dress to Impress update released on August 17, 2024. It is an official collaboration with the pop star and the Roblox Experience and adds brat-themed content. This page details everything included in the DTI Brat Update, including clothing, poses, a new voting system, and more.

Click on a link below to jump to that section of this guide:
Here are the Dress to Impress Brat Update patch notes, per the official DTI Discord server:

The DTI Brat Update includes brat-themed clothing, accessories, poses, Charli XCX hairstyles, and more. Note that you need to have played the update at least once to keep them once the Dress to Impress Brat Update is over.
A new shirt has been added to Dress to Impress, styled like the brat album art, alongside boots, shorts, jackets, and more:

White brat Shirt

Fluffy Jacket

Leather Jacket With Belt

brat Bedazzled Hoodie

brat Green Heels

Denim Lace Shorts

brat Green Tank Top

brat Green Skirt

The Dress to Impress Brat Update adds a handful of new accessories, including a garter and an apple to hold.

brat Garter

Black Sunglasses

brat Apple

The Brat Update adds the Brat Store, which allows you to purchase brat-themed items using Robux that can be used across other Roblox Experiences. You'll find this in the lobby. The items offered are:

Green brat Shirt

White brat Shirt

Green brat Heels

brat Heels with brat All Over

brat Necklace

Sporty Sunglasses

Belt With Silver Buckle

brat Text

Charli XCX Hair

brat Hat

Green brat Hat

Apple Dance Emote

Charli XCX White Tank Top

The following hairstyles and bangs have been added in the DTI Brat Update:

Charli XCX Hair 1

Charli XCX Hair 2

Charli XCX Hair 3

Charli XCX Hair 4

Braided Buns

Braided Top Bun

Looped Braids

Long Braids

Curly Side Ponytail

Bangs With Long Front Pieces

Front Bangs

Seven new makeup styles have been added in the DTI Brat Update, all styled after Charli XCX:

Charli XCX Makeup 1

Charli XCX Makeup 2

Charli XCX Makeup 3

Charli XCX Makeup 4

Charli XCX Makeup 5

Charli XCX Makeup 6

Charli XCX Makeup 7

14 new patterns have been added in the Brat Update:

Six new poses have been added in the Dress to Impress Brat Update, most named after songs from Charli XCX's brat album:

The following brat-themed Themes are available in the DTI Brat Update:

The Dress to Impress dressing room, lobby, and runway have all been given a brat-themed makeover, with Charli XCX items and a black and neon green color scheme.

The dressing room has brat-themed items throughout, such as Charli XCX's albums - brat and brat and it’s the same but there’s three more songs so it’s not - and brat wall art. It also includes a podium where you can try on all of the brat clothing and accessories.

The runway has been completely transformed, with neon green spotlights and apples on the side of the stage. Music from Charli XCX's brat album also plays here.

The lobby features a brat stage, with "brat" and "charli xcx" neon signs. There are also brat banners, neon green spotlights, and an apple in reference to her song, Apple.

The Brat Update brings a new voting system to Dress to Impress. Now, you vote for one of four themes every three rounds at the end of the intermission in the lobby. The theme with the most votes after 20 seconds wins and will be the next round's theme.

The Dress to Impress Brat Update ends on August 29, 2024. Those who played the Brat Update will be able to keep the brat-themed cosmetics for good, so ensure you log in and play before it ends if you want them in your wardrobe!

For more Dress to Impress game help, check out: