By CHLOE LOUISE FOR MAILONLINE  
 Published:  19:37, 3 April 2024   |  Updated:  20:08, 3 April 2024   
 5
View  comments
Charli XCX has revealed she is heading on tour to support the release of her upcoming album BRAT - including five dates in the UK.
The singer, 31, also unveiled two brand new tracks—Club Classics and B2b—that will appear on her new album.
Her high-anticipated release is Charli's sixth studio album and will be released on Friday, June, 7.
The release date marks the same day of her first UK performance in London, with the tour kicking off in Barcelona on June 1.
Charli will tour Europe until December 2, for 11 nights, where she will celebrate her new album.
Charli XCX has revealed she is heading on tour to support the release of her upcoming album BRAT - including five dates in the UK  (pictured September 2023)
The singer, 31, also unveiled two brand new tracks—Club Classics and B2b—that will appear on her new album 
The UK dates will see nights in Birmingham, Glasgow, Manchester and London. 
To secure tickets for the in-demand tour, she has given her hardcore fans the opportunity to get first dibs on a ticket.
Fans who pre-order BRAT before 3pm BST on Tuesday April, 9, will receive early access to tickets.
This pre-sale starts on Wednesday, April, 10, at 9am BST, with tickets going on general sale on Friday, April, 12, at 9am BST.
BRAT is the eagerly awaited follow-up to 2022's CRASH, which reached number 1 on the UK's official album chart.
It will include 15 new hits, including: 360, Club classics, Sympathy is a knife, I might say something stupid, Talk talk, Von dutch, Everything is romantic, Rewind, So I, Girl, so confusing, Apple, B2b, Mean girls, I think about it all the time and 365.
Von Dutch, the brash and synth-heavy first taste of the album, arrived in February. Pitchfork named it Best New Track, and Billboard described it as 'delightfully rambunctious'.
Alongside her new album, Charli has been working on multiple film and TV projects following the breakout success of her Barbie soundtrack contribution, Speed Drive, last year.
Her high-anticipated release is Charli's sixth studio album and will be released on Friday, June, 7 - the same day as her first UK performance in London
Charli will tour Europe until December 2, for 11 nights, where she will sing and celebrate her new album. Her tour will see nights in Birmingham, Glasgow, Manchester and London
She is co-executive producing the score for the A24 film Mother Mary with Jack Antonoff and also producing original music for Benito Skinner's series Overcompensating on Prime Video.
In addition, Charli will star in the Daniel Goldhaber remake of the 1978 cult horror film Faces of Death.
The electronic superstar has become an iconic figure in the arts, having helped expand the landscape of popular music over the last decade by seamlessly traversing the underground and mainstream with her artistic output.
Over the course of a trailblazing career, the multi-hyphenate creative has earned critical acclaim for her innovative style and entrepreneurial spirit and seen her forward-thinking approach reshape pop culture in the process.
Her lasting impact was cemented last year when Charli was honoured with the Visionary Award at the annual Ivor Novellos in London.
She also received the Powerhouse Award at Billboard's Women In Music ceremony in Los Angeles in March.
Preferred ticket access is available to Mastercard cardholders in the UK on Friday, April, 12, at 9am. 
Sat 01/06/24 - Barcelona, Spain - Primavera (Live) - Sold Out
Fri 07/06/24 - London, UK - Outernet (PARTYGIRL DJ Set) - Sold Out
Tue 11/06/24 - New York, NY - Knockdown Center (Live) - Sold Out
Wed 12/06/24 - Chicago, IL - Radius (Live) - Sold Out
Sat 15/06/24 - Los Angeles, CA - Shrine (Live) - Sold Out
Wed 19/06/24 - Mexico City, Mexico - Club Loo Loo (PARTYGIRL DJ Set) - Sold Out
Fri 21/06/24 - Sao Paulo, Brazil - Club Zig (PARTYGIRL DJ Set) - Sold Out
Wed 27/11/24 - Manchester, UK - Co-op Live Arena
Thu 28/11/24 - London, UK - The O2
Fri 29/11/24 - Birmingham, UK - Resorts World Arena
Mon 02/12/24 - Glasgow, UK - OVO Hydro Arena

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group