The brand is taking over Flatiron Plaza on Friday and Saturday to commemorate the launch of its newest product.
Beauty Reporter

Valentino Beauty is coming to New York. 

	The brand, which on Friday announced British pop singer Charli XCX as its newest U.S. ambassador, will take over Flatiron Plaza Friday and Saturday to celebrate the launch of its Spike Valentino Buttery Matte Lipsticks.

	Coming in seven shades and retailing for $48, the product marks Valentino’s third lipstick to date, joining the Rosso Valentino and Liquirosso families, the latter being a two-in-one matte lip and cheek color that launched in 2023. 

	Called “Spike Square,” the pop-up will feature installations including a photo booth where attendees can snap a photo after receiving a free sample of their favorite lip shade; free consultations with the brand’s beauty experts, and reimagined newsstands allowing consumers to browse Valentino Beauty products and select samples. 

	











	
			Related Articles	
	













	Beauty Features
	



	
			Tracee Ellis Ross, Paloma Elsesser, Justine Skye and More Celebrate Inaugural Black Hair Show	
			













	Color Cosmetics
	



	
			Patrick Ta Beauty to Unveil First Beauty Pop-up This Weekend in West Hollywood	
			








	“Our mission is to create emotions, dreams and entertainment,” said Claudia Marcocci, global president of Valentino Beauty, adding the plaza takeover will include jumbo sculptures of Valentino products. “This is a place where New Yorkers walk every day — this element of surprise is key for us as we turn it into an oneiric atmosphere celebrating bold self-expression.” 

	Valentino has been the second-largest gainer of share overall in prestige beauty this year, according to Circana, and holds the third slot for fragrance, driven in part by the success of its Valentino Donna Born in Roma Eau de Parfum. This summer, the brand unveiled its Anatomy of Dreams collection of seven fragrances that draw inspiration from haute couture and retail for 325 euros for each 100-ml., more than 50 percent higher than Valentino’s other scents.

	Charli XCX, whose “Brat” dance-pop album release became a global phenomenon this summer and spurred an aesthetic of the same name, joins the ranks of Florence Pugh and Adut Akech as a Valentino Beauty ambassador. 
Sign up for beauty news straight to your inbox every day
Top News Stories Alerts Straight to your Inbox.
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
WWD and Women's Wear Daily are part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All Rights Reserved.