Rihanna has cemented herself as one of today's biggest stars with a host of talents. Her boundary-pushing looks from the streets of New York City to the red carpet are second to none and we're still singing along to hits like "Work" and "Needed Me" from her last album (which dropped eight years ago). Let's not forget her trailblazing Fenty empire that keeps on growing now with Fenty Hair set to drop June 13. In classic Rihanna fashion, the superstar broke the news with a creative ad video and a new hairstyle in the form of a shaggy, blond bob.
The multihyphenate's newest 'do is just one of many styles that mark her on-again and off-again blond era, which the star debuted at April's Fenty x Puma Creeper launch party with long tresses and blunt bangs. Rihanna switches her hair all the time, not for the sake of remaining relevant, but strictly for her own satisfaction. "I get bored, and I need to move on to something, or I'm going to crawl out of my body," she told Allure. "Cut it. I don't care. It's hair. It'll grow back. Bleach it, whatever. Just do something."
The mom of two's hair choices have also dictated and solidified trends. Most notably, Rihanna proudly wore perfectly-parted Bantu knots at the 2014 iHeartRadio Music Awards, ushering a revival of the cultural style. She also rocked a high bun with simple bangs at the 2017 Met Gala, a look that many try to emulate today.
Scroll through to see Rihanna's best hairstyles throughout her two-decade career, from short pixie cuts to long pink hair.
Rihanna stuns in a bold red lip and honey-blond bangs at the Fenty x Puma Creeper Phatty Earth Tone launch party in London.
We love how the star made a perfectly messy bun red carpet-worthy.
The star showed us the best way to make a ponytail stand out by adding two pin-straight front bangs.
These sculptural braids were the style fit for the occasion of being crowned National Hero of Barbados.
If there's anyone who can rock braids on the red carpet, it's RiRi.
The singer entered her red box braids era for a Fenty New York City event and we didn't want the era to end.
A bob that's navy blue and black? Only Rihanna can pull it off.
The star showed off her Caribbean side with bouncy waves and a tropical flower for her performance at the 2018 Grammys.
This black half-up, half-down style wonderfully complemented her Molly Goddard dress.
Maximalist beauty at its finest as seen with this blunt bang and extreme blush combo.
There's nothing classier than slicked-back tresses for a fancy soirée.
As one of the most memorable Met Gala looks of all time, Rihanna elevated her look with a flipped, ginger-red bob and gold headband.
These Bantu knots are nothing short of iconic.
The viral Twitter moment of 2014: Rihanna's pink pixie cut at the Clippers game.
Rihanna debuted the 80s-favorite style during New York Fashion Week and it reigns as one of her most iconic hairstyles ever.
These loose, ombre waves just scream summer.
During her edgiest era, the star rocked shiny waves during her memorable runway walk at the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show.
Have you seen a more perfect pixie cut? This look for the 2012 VMAs is one of Rihanna's most underrated hairstyles.
Rihanna's Loud album ushered in her bright red era and we're still not over it.
She rocked undercuts like no other and this honey blond one was the perfect addition to her pink eyeliner.
The star dominated Paris Fashion Week early on in her career with this curled version of the style she wore on the Rated R album cover.
A then 16-year-old Rihanna looked stunning with loose curls and a side part.
© Copyright Fashion Times 2024. All rights reserved.
Your Privacy Rights
The material on this site may not bereproduced, distributed, transmitted, cachedor otherwise used,
except
with the priorwritten permission of Fashion Times.
© 2025 Fashion Times LLC. All Rights Reserved