The US presidential election is finally here, and an unlikely voice has now shared their thoughts on candidates Kamala Harris and Donald Trump.
More than 200million Americans cast their vote back in 2020, marking the highest turnout since 1992. And it's thought tonight's vote will draw in similar numbers as the hard-fought race finally comes to an end.
It's a campaign that has seen many celebrities lend their voice to one of the two front-runners. One, Taylor Swift, wrote on Instagram: "I'm voting for @kamalaharris because she fights for the rights and causes I believe need a warrior to champion them. I think she is a steady-handed, gifted leader and I believe we can accomplish so much more in this country if we are led by calm and not chaos".
Meanwhile, Elon Musk unsurprisingly endorsed Trump, calling this election the "most important of our lifetime". He has also reportedly spent $75 million (£57,950,925) on the Trump campaign.
Rihanna even joked that she was going to 'use her son's passport to vote' because she isn't eligible to vote as she was born in Barbados and is not currently a US citizen.
But when English singer songwriter Robbie Williams was stopped out and about by TikToker @publicpollsdaily, and asked whether he supported "Kamala or Trump", he burst out laughing awkwardly.
"I find the whole thing absolutely fascinating", he admitted, describing US politics as "way more sexier" than the goings-on in our own House of Commons.
Robbie also described US politics as "funnier" than in the UK, likely referring to all the times meme-worthy moments have cropped up during campaigning.
The interviewer then asked: "Who has more rizz in your opinion?" For those not in the know, 'rizz' is a Gen Z slang term used to describe "the ability to attract a romantic or sexual partner through style, charm, or attractiveness". In context, you may say: "Bob isn't that good looking, but he's got serious rizz", and it's thought to have derived from the word 'charisma'.
Robbie then crowned Trump as the candidate with more rizz, saying: "Trump has more rizz, but Kamala’s probably the more sensible route to take".
In the comments, people expressed their opinions about who they’d like to see come on top in the polls.
"Robbie Williams is smarter than I gave him credit for", one woman penned. Another fumed: "Robbie Williams is not right in the head if he thinks Kamala is the more sensible route".
Someone else shared: "Even Robbie Williams knows Kamala Harris is the better pick". "Ok, cool, it's Robbie Williams, but did he just say Trump has rizz??", another questioned.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.