This week, we wanted our writers to reminisce on the good old days. This week we will be exploring songs and memories from our childhood. Here’s what our writers had to say…
Abigail Biggins:
“Childhood Memory Song: “Tubthumping” by Chumbawamba!"
"This is the first song I ever remember hearing; my dad would play it from his old computer and my sister and I would sing and dance around his office.”
FJ Miller:
“The song that reminds me of childhood is “Sutter's Mill” by Dan Fogelberg. According to my dad, this was my favorite song growing up, and every time we got in his car I wanted to listen to it.”
Brylee Stubbs:
“Omg, one of my favorite childhood memories/fun facts is that, apart from nursery rhymes and the ABCs, the first song I knew all the lyrics to was “Wanted Dead Or Alive” by Jon Bon Jovi. my mom still has her official Bon Jovi fan club card from 8th grade, and she raised me to follow in those footsteps”
Alyssa Andrews: 
“This is like picking my favorite child!! Growing up in a household where music was played 24/7 it is impossible to pick just one song. But if I had to choose, I would say Joe Cocker’s version of “With a Little Help From My Friends”. This song just reminds me of my dad and how he would always play it growing up and it has now become a sweet memory of mine. I loved this song so much that I made him download it to my iPod. Honorable Mention: For the longest time I thought that my dad wrote “Rocket Man” because he played it all the time on his guitar. Now you may be wondering… “when did you find out?” Well, let’s just say it was an embarrassing amount of time that I believed this. 
Christian Oates:
“I Gotta Feeling” - Kidz Bop Kidz. I'll never forget going to the library over summer breaks to rent out comic books and Kidz Bop CDs. It was what I saw as "peak music" back then.”
Chloe Cronkright:
"Song: "Upside Down" - Jack Johnson."
"One of my favorite childhood memories was when I threw a birthday party for my stuffed monkey named George. My mom made chocolate covered bananas instead of cake. I don’t know why I decided it was his birthday but I forced my whole family to celebrate it."
Connor Crafton:
“A song that reminds me of my childhood is the Beatles’” Here Comes The Sun.” Everyone in my family are big Beatles fan, and this song was always the one I had the most positive memories associated with. I think The Beatles were one of the bands that got me to really love music when I was younger, so it always makes me happy to think back on.”
Eliza McCord:
“One of my favorite childhood memories was the family vacations we used to take to visit historic sites! We used to be allowed to listen to whatever music we wanted, but if “I Wanna Hold Your Hand” by The Beatles came on we all sung it together in the car.”
Ben Santos:
“Umbrella” - Rihanna”