ELHO is jumping back onto the scene, skis first.
From the '70s to the '90s, ELHO ruled the outdoor space with its creative styles and bold color choices (it was the first to introduce neon colors, jet pants, and the classic freestyle look.) Now, according to a press release, the outdoor brand is relaunching as "the innovative outdoor style brand for the next generation. "
ELHO re-founder Donald Schneider and the team have revived the label under a new vision rooted in performance, innovation, and bio-based materials. And it all kicks off with the brand's Fall/Winter 2024/2025 collection.
The ELHO FW24 collection focuses on mixing trendy styles and eco-friendly all-weather protection, plus innovative ski design that the brand was known for during its hey day. The pieces took inspiration from the spirit of the freestyle generation of skiers and snowboarders, with slope-ready jackets and pants.
ELHO took the freestyle influence further by partnering with their first ambassador, freestyle ski champion Andri Ragettli.
ELHO FW24 caps off with the brand's Jean-Michel Basquiat x ELHO collaboration, which even had Rihanna and A$AP Rocky drooling over the pieces. Update: ELHO gifted them some samples after they asked their management to contact ELHO about the collection.
The exclusive "Jean-Michel Basquiat x ELHO" Art Capsule collection brings the brand back into the fashion space with bold graphics by the highly acclaimed American artist on jackets, pants, and accessories.
The Jean-Michel Basquiat collab is now available on the brand's website, along with the rest of the FW24 collection. 
That's right. The new era of ELHO is already here.
Titel Media GmbH (Highsnobiety), is committed to facilitating and improving the accessibility and usability of its Website, www.highsnobiety.com. Titel Media GmbH strives to ensure that its Website services and content are accessible to persons with disabilities including users of screen reader technology. To accomplish this, Titel Media GmbH tests, remediates and maintains the Website in-line with the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG), which also bring the Website into conformance with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990.
Please be aware that our efforts to maintain accessibility and usability are ongoing. While we strive to make the Website as accessible as possible some issues can be encountered by different assistive technology as the range of assistive technology is wide and varied.
If, at any time, you have specific questions or concerns about the accessibility of any particular webpage on this Website, please contact us at accessibility@highsnobiety.com, +49 (0)30 235 908 500. If you do encounter an accessibility issue, please be sure to specify the web page and nature of the issue in your email and/or phone call, and we will make all reasonable efforts to make that page or the information contained therein accessible for you.