Getty
Rihanna is loving her racy new ad campaigns and photo shoots as she embraces her sexy side like never before, all while receiving unwavering encouragement from her boyfriend and father of her two children, A$AP Rocky.
“She’s absolutely thriving right now and says she’s never felt sexier,” a source exclusively tells Life & Style. “She’s always wanted curves and thanks to her two pregnancies she got them. Back when she was a B-cup she used to always joke about loving boobs so now that she’s got serious cleavage, showing it off is a big thrill.”
The “Unfaithful” singer, 36, has experienced a whirlwind of events over the past few years. Not long after founding her lingerie brand Savage X Fenty in 2018, she welcomed her first child, a son named RZA Athelston Mayers, with the “F–kin’ Problems” rapper (real name: Rakim Athelaston Mayers), 36, in May 2022. Baby No. 2 came shortly after, with the Barbados native welcoming her second child in August 2023.
Although Rihanna balances being a business owner and a mother of two young kids, she makes time to be “the star of her ad campaigns.” Although she knows the photoshoots can get “erotic” and “push the envelope,” she “doesn’t care” as she has the full support of her partner of four years.
“The great thing is that Rocky doesn’t get all jealous and controlling about it, he thinks she should celebrate her body, he does all the time,” the source says. “He’s always telling her how she’s the hottest woman alive, he treats her like a literal Goddess, and that adds to her confidence too.”
In addition to her entrepreneurial success, fans have been eagerly anticipating Rihanna’s return as a recording artist, as it’s been nearly nine years since the release of her 2016 album Anti. When it was announced that Rihanna would headline the Super Bowl LVII halftime show in February 2023, many expected it to mark the release of new music, only to be disappointed when that didn’t happen.
Despite the delay, the source says Rihanna doesn’t plan on “taking her foot off the gas anytime soon,” adding that her fans can also expect the racy shoots to “continue in 2025.”
Since beginning her empire in 2016, the music mogul has extended into many industries. She began with Fenty Beauty, producing a variety of popular makeup products. After the launch of Savage x Fenty, a lingerie brand, she expanded into skincare in 2020 with the release of Fenty Skin, eventually culminating with Fenty Hair four years later. Most recently, she’s been planning on including children’s clothes under her personal umbrella, now that she’s a mother of two.
A huge help to the businesswoman has been her rapper boyfriend, who had been known as a fashion icon in his own right before getting with the “Pon De Replay” singer.
“Rihanna has so much respect for Rocky and his fashion sense,” a separate source told Life & Style on November 28. The rapper has been by Rihanna’s side since first getting together in 2020, including attending Met Gala events, which Rocky is co-chairing in 2025, alongside his gal. “He’s the reason behind her confidence and the biggest inspiration in her range,” the insider added. “Everyone says he’s more involved in her clothing line than people think.”
Conversation
All comments are subject to our Community Guidelines. Life & Style does not endorse
						the opinions and views shared by our readers in our comment sections. Our comments section is a place
						where readers can engage in healthy, productive, lively, and respectful discussions. Offensive language,
						hate speech, personal attacks, and/or defamatory statements are not permitted. Advertising or spam is
						also prohibited.
					
Life & Style has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
Life & Style is part of the a360media Entertainment Group.Copyright © a360media 2025. All Rights Reserved
By clicking Sign In, you agree to our Terms and Conditions and that you have read our Privacy Policy.
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include:
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include: