The maternity style evolution continues.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Baby number three is on the way for Cardi B—and so is the start of another celebrity maternity style era to watch.
On Thursday, August 1, Cardi B announced her third pregnancy hours after reports surfaced that she is divorcing her husband, Offset. Her dual-reveal post included photos of the star lounging on a Manhattan balcony, in a dramatic red gown revealing her pregnant belly. (Credits for her look were not immediately available at press time.) The piece featured a high neckline that cut out into a sweeping, extended drape that cradled the bottom of her stomach. She layered a fire engine red fur coat over the top.
Cardi B revealed her third pregnancy in an Instagram photoshoot, featuring a red gown showing her stomach.
Cardi B kept the red theme going with a pair of pointed-toe pumps peeking out from beneath her gown. The color was a strong choice for her announcement, regardless of who designed and styled the look. Red is not associated with a gender like pink or blue, and it conveys power—just like the move of sharing your pregnancy and divorce in a three-hour span. (It's also one of the shades dominating runways like Ferragamo's in recent seasons.)
The "I Like It" rapper shared an emotional statement underneath her rooftop photos, alluding to both her third child and the end of her marriage. "With every ending comes a new beginning! I am so grateful to have shared this season with you, you have brought me more love, more life and most of all renewed my power," Cardi B said. "You’ve reminded me that I never have to choose between life, love, and my passion!"
Cardi B styled a red fur coat hanging off one shoulder and added a pair of red pointed-toe heels.
Cardi B's maternity outfit arrives after a string of appearances in New York City. Last month, she attended Marc Jacobs's Fall 2024 show in a floral mini dress resembling a giant bouquet. Her front row seat preceded another big piece of news from the star: She's also fronting an upcoming Marc Jacobs campaign, released on the same day as her pregnancy announcement.
Cardi B concealed her pregnancy beneath a floral Marc Jacobs dress in July.
With her dripping crimson gown and over-the-top red coat, Cardi B is the latest celebrity to push the boundaries of maternity style. Hailey Bieber has spent her pregnancy in everything from butter yellow naked dresses to lace catsuits; during each of her two pregnancies, Rihanna has shown off her changing body in crop tops and sheer numbers. These days, anything can be a maternity outfit—and the mothers are mothering either way.
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
Halie LeSavage is the senior fashion and beauty news editor at Marie Claire, where she assigns, edits, and writes stories for both sections. Halie is an expert on runway trends, celebrity style, emerging fashion and beauty brands, and shopping (naturally). In over seven years as a professional journalist, Halie’s reporting has ranged from fashion week coverage spanning the Copenhagen, New York, Milan, and Paris markets, to profiles on industry insiders like celebrity stylist Molly Dickson, to breaking news stories on noteworthy brand collaborations and beauty product launches. (She can personally confirm that Bella Hadid’s Ôrebella perfume is worth the hype.) She has also written dozens of research-backed shopping guides to finding the best tote bags, ballet flats, and more. Most of all, Halie loves to explore what style trends—like the rise of emotional support accessories or TikTok’s 75 Hard Style Challenge—can say about culture writ large. She also justifies almost any purchase by saying it’s “for work.” 
Halie has previously held writer and editor roles at Glamour, Morning Brew, and Harper’s Bazaar. She has been cited as a fashion and beauty expert in The Cut, CNN Underscored, and Reuters, among other outlets, and appears in newsletters like Selleb and Self Checkout to provide shopping recommendations. In 2022, she earned the Hearst Spotlight Award for excellence and innovation in fashion journalism. She holds a Bachelor’s Degree in English from Harvard College. Outside of work, Halie is passionate about books, baking, and her miniature Bernedoodle, Dolly. For a behind-the-scenes look at her reporting, you can follow Halie on Instagram and TikTok.

This bag is a $33,000 flex.


\201cI have to be Disneyland for them."


It's time for an upgrade.


She's currently on a break from her beloved sneaker collection.


The fashion cross-over I didn't know I needed.


Even halfway across the country, she's still F1's best-dressed fan.


She's not an F1 WAG, but she sure nailed the aesthetic.


She one hundred percent pulls them off.


'Twilight,' Shania Twain, and beyond...


If this is her off-duty look, I can only imagine what Monday's event will bring.


This timepiece is apparently a billionaire essential.


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.