Manage your account
The 67th Grammy Awards are on Sunday, February 2.
We've picked the most iconic red-carpet looks in Grammy history.
Taylor Swift has consistently turned looks at the Grammys.
The 2025 Grammy Awards will be held on Sunday, February 2, in Los Angeles, almost a month after the start of the wildfires that have decimated parts of the city.
"If we were to cancel or postpone the show, how would that affect the thousands of people who work on it or around it," Recording Academy CEO Harvey Mason Jr. told Variety. "It's a chance for us to use our platform — and, thankfully, our partners at CBS are helpful with this — to raise money and awareness, but it will still have performance and awards."
The Grammys are one of the biggest awards shows of the year and, famously, music's biggest night. That means the musicians who walk the red carpet use the show as an opportunity to bust out iconic looks.
We've combed through the archives to choose some of the most iconic looks in Grammy history, starting 52 years ago in 1972 all the way through 2024.
Aretha Franklin, 1972
At the 1972 Grammys, Aretha Franklin wore a head-to-toe orange ensemble.
When Franklin took home her seventh and eighth Grammys, she did so in style. Harper's Bazaar named this one of the most iconic Grammys looks of all time, and called her red-and-gold gown and matching head scarf "stunning."
Cher, 1974
At the 1974 ceremony, Cher looked like a fairy princess with her butterfly clip and detailing on her top.
Cher attended the 16th Grammy Awards to present Stevie Wonder with the album of the year statue for "Innervisions."
Dolly Parton, 1977
Dolly Parton certainly brought cowboy chic to the 1977 Grammys.
Cowboys may have made a comeback in the last decade years thanks to Lil Nas X, the yodeling Walmart boy, and Kacey Musgraves' love of yeehaws, but Parton's outfit here shows us that she's been the Yeehaw Queen longer than any of those people have been alive.
That night, she was nominated for best country vocal performance but lost to Emmylou Harris.
Grace Jones, 1983
Grace Jones' bold hat and matching outfit at the 1983 Grammys is only outdone by her jewel-toned makeup.
The legendary multi-hyphenate has had no shortage of memorable looks during her decades in Hollywood, but this leather/straw ensemble is one of our favorites.
She'd get nominated for her one and only Grammy the following year, best video album, for "A One Man Show."
Michael Jackson, 1984
Michael Jackson's bedazzled military jacket, one white glove, and aviators at the 1984 Grammys are all part of one of his most famous looks of all time.
Although Jackson has a complicated legacy in regard to his personal life, his musical and fashion successes cannot be ignored. That night, he took home a record-breaking eight Grammys from 12 nominations, including record and album of the year for "Beat It" and "Thriller," respectively.
His look was designed by his longtime costume designer, Michael Bush, who told People that Jackson was interested in "British regalia show clothes — over the top military themed items."
Prince, 1988
At the 1988 ceremony, Prince proved that no one was more flamboyant than him, wearing a polka-dot suit with matching high-heeled boots.
The "Purple Rain" singer was up for three awards, and though he didn't win any that night, he solidified his legacy in regards to Grammys fashion with this custom ensemble.
Paula Abdul, 1990
There's never been a more late '80s fashion moment than Paula Abdul's monochromatic look (with matching golden scrunchie) at the 1990 ceremony.
Abdul was up for her first Grammy that night, for "Straight Up," and she looked every bit the new star in her matching golden outfit, from shoes to purse to dress to jewelry to scrunchie. She basically looks like another Grammy statue.
Mariah Carey, 1991
Mariah Carey defined the little-black-dress trend at the 1991 ceremony.
Carey was just 20 years old when she made her Grammy red-carpet debut in 1991 — that night, she won best new artist in this slinky black minidress with a silver neckline and straps.
Selena, 1994
Selena channeled old Hollywood glamour at the 1994 Grammys.
Selena took home her first Grammy that night for best Mexican-American album. In 2021, she was posthumously honored with a lifetime achievement award.
"Selena would have been very excited for this honor, just like she was when she won her Grammy back in 1994," her father told People.
Shania Twain, 1994
Not many people can pull off a turtleneck gown, but Shania Twain did at the 1994 Grammys.
The dress, designed by Marc Bouwer, was covered in sparkles and certainly makes a statement.
The following year, Twain would celebrate her first win and three nominations, including best new artist.
Mary J. Blige, 1996
Mary J. Blige's leopard-print ensemble at the 1996 Grammys is still in style now. Just a couple of years ago, one of the biggest trends of the summer was the leopard midi-skirt, as The New York Times reported.
At this ceremony, the R&B legend won her first Grammy for "I'll Be There For You/You're All I Need To Get By."
In total, she has nine wins and 37 nominations.
Lauryn Hill, 1997
In 1997, Lauryn Hill wore this red and white color-blocked ensemble to the Grammys.
Allure also called this one of the best Grammy beauty looks of all time, writing, "Rocking deep brown lipstick, a light, smoky eye, and sleek, chin-length twists, the 'Killing Me Softly' songstress looked every bit the part of a Hollywood heavy-hitter."
Jada Pinkett Smith, 1998
Jada Pinkett Smith's baby bump sparkled at the 1998 ceremony in this two-toned gown.
The "Girl's Trip" actor was there to support her then-boyfriend Will Smith who won a Grammy for his song from "Men in Black." She was pregnant with their son, Jaden.
Jennifer Lopez, 2000
Jennifer Lopez's Versace dress at the 2000 Grammy Awards is one of the most iconic dresses of all time.
In 2000, the plunging Versace dress became so popular that it sparked the creation of Google Images. Google's executive chairman, Eric Schmidt, said people kept searching for photos of the dress immediately after the award show, so the company decided to create an image search engine.
"The dress went viral before viral was a thing," CNN wrote in 2020 after the musician wore an updated version of the dress at a Versace fashion show.
In addition to creating Google Images, Lopez was also nominated for her first Grammy that night.
Britney Spears, 2000
Britney Spears had the perfect winter-white look at the 2000 ceremony.
That year, Spears was nominated for best new artist and best female pop vocal performance for "... Baby One More Time."
She also rocked a Randolph Duke gown and Oscar de la Renta stole in a classy, timeless look that was even channeled by Lizzo in 2020.
Toni Braxton, 2001
All other participants in the naked dress trend can only try to measure up to Toni Braxton's barely-there look at the 2001 Grammys.
Braxton's loincloth-esque gown, which is essentially two pieces of fabric held together by a sparkly strap, was designed by Richard Tyler. She was wearing it when she garnered her sixth overall Grammy for "He Wasn't Man Enough."
Destiny's Child, 2001
That same year as Toni Braxton, Destiny's Child rocked matching green outfits. They wouldn't have looked out of place in the Garden of Eden.
Their dresses were designed by Tina Knowles (Beyoncé's mom). In fact, Knowles designed all of their iconic looks, according to Grazia Daily. That night, the girl group took home statues for their song "Say My Name."
Kanye West, 2006
Kanye West's 2006 Grammys look — a purple suit with giant lapels, white golf gloves, and chrome sunglasses — wouldn't look that out of place in 2024, as pastels have come back into style.
The rapper received three wins that night, including best rap album.
MIA, 2009
MIA rocked a version of the naked dress when she took to the Grammys red carpet in 2009 wearing a House of Holland design.
She was nominated for record of the year for her smash hit "Paper Planes."
Lady Gaga, 2010
Lady Gaga's neon-yellow hair and celestial dress at the 2010 Grammys will go down in awards show history.
The "Paparazzi" singer was really hitting her stride in 2010 — in this Armani Privé design, she almost looks like a cartoon character who wouldn't be out of place on "Steven Universe."
"I am honored to be wearing Armani this evening. The series of pieces Mr. Armani created for me are truly iconic; they represent not only beautiful fashion but my spirit and essence as an artist," Gaga said, the Los Angeles Times reported.
She won her first two Grammys that night.
Rihanna, 2011
Rihanna's see-through striped gown at the 2011 Grammys almost looks like an optical illusion.
Rihanna won her fourth Grammy while wearing this new take on the naked dress designed by Jean Paul Gaultier.
Fergie, 2012
Fergie wore a lacy orange dress with black undergarments at the 2012 ceremony. The eye-catching gown was also designed by Jean Paul Gaultier.
"I had two choices," she told E! News' Ryan Seacrest. "This was the safe one."
That night, she was up for two Grammys for her part in Kanye West's song "All of the Lights."
Adele, 2013
We wish Adele would stray from her typical all-black ensembles more often, like she did at the 2013 Grammys in this red floral look.
The patterned frock and matching pumps were designed by Valentino.
In her career, Adele has won 16 of her 25 Grammy nominations.
Katy Perry, 2013
Katy Perry wore this show-stopping seafoam-green dress by Gucci on the 2013 red carpet.
Perry was up for her ninth potential Grammy win that night — she's still yet to win from 13 nominations.
Beyoncé, 2014
In 2014, Beyoncé wore this sheer lace gown while attending the ceremony.
The "Renaissance" artist changed into the lace Michael Costello gown after performing "Drunk In Love" with her husband, Jay-Z.
That night, the married couple were up for a different duet, "Part II (On the Run)."
Rihanna, 2015
Rihanna's puffy, pink, tiered gown at the 2015 ceremony left us speechless.
She told Ryan Seacrest that she found the Giambattista Valli gown while scrolling online, per Harper's Bazaar.
She won a Grammy that night for her song with Eminem, "The Monster."
Taylor Swift and Selena Gomez, 2016
Taylor Swift and Selena Gomez took BFF goals to a whole new level when they were each other's dates to the 2016 Grammys.
Gomez's navy-blue sparkling gown was designed by Calvin Klein, while Swift's two-toned set is Versace.
Gomez was on hand to celebrate with her friend when she took home three Grammys: album of the year, best pop vocal album, and best music video.
Rihanna, 2017
Rihanna makes her third appearance on this list for her tattoo-bearing crop top and billowing black skirt at the 2017 ceremony.
The custom Armani Privé ensemble was once again a show-stopper for the singer, who was up for eight Grammys that night.
Cardi B, 2018
Cardi B made her Grammys debut in 2018, wearing a customarily bold white gown by Ashi Studio.
The "Bodak Yellow" rapper proved she was a fashion heavy-hitter and a rap heavy-hitter, as she was nominated for her first two Grammys that night.
Miley Cyrus, 2018
Also in 2018, Miley Cyrus channeled her inner princess after a performance with Elton John.
Cyrus loves to take fashion risks, but perhaps her biggest risk of all was wearing this magenta ball gown designed by Zac Posen, easily the most traditional look she'd worn on the red carpet in years.
SZA, 2018
SZA looked ethereal on the red carpet in 2018. Her dreamy silver gown with ornate beading and tulle was designed by Atelier Versace.
"We wanted something that was sexy, but at the same time soft and whimsical," her stylist told Vogue.
She was nominated for five Grammys that night, including best new artist.
Cardi B, 2019
The rapper wore a vintage Mugler gown, which resembles an oyster, while she was encrusted in pearls.
That night, she won her first Grammy for best rap album.
Ariana Grande, 2020
Before the pandemic shut down all red carpets, Ariana Grande wore a bold gray gown at the 2020 Grammys.
The singer capped off an incredible two years by wearing a custom Giambattista Valli gown fit for a princess.
She was almost immediately crowned the best dressed of the night, with The Zoe Report writing, "The silvery gray masterpiece resembled actual clouds, featuring endless tiers of lovely ruffles. Grande truly looked every bit the pop princess."
Billy Porter, 2020
Billy Porter wore a remote-controlled fringed hat and matching fringed bodysuit on the 2020 red carpet.
Porter has been a recent star of the red carpet, and his Grammys look did not disappoint. At the touch of a button, Porter's hat's fringe moved around the brim, covering his face. The entire look was designed by Scott Studenberg.
Lil Nas X, 2020
Lil Nas X's neon-pink outfit in 2020 was instantly iconic. The look was a custom design by Versace, and a bold way for him to make his Grammy debut. He took home his first two wins that night.
Lizzo, 2020
Lizzo was giving old Hollywood glam in 2020. The all-white look was designed by Versace.
Billie Eilish, 2020
Billie Eilish's lime-green Gucci suit remains one of her most famous looks.
Eilish, who had a landmark evening and took home five Grammys (best new artist, album of the year, best pop vocal album, record of the year, and song of the year), did it all in style.
Beyoncé, 2021
At the 2021 Grammys, all eyes were on Beyoncé's all-leather look with gold-tipped gloves.
To become the most-decorated musician in Grammys history — she has 32 wins — Beyoncé rocked a leather custom Schiaparelli Haute Couture dress.
Dua Lipa, 2021
Dua Lipa appeared to take inspiration from Cher's 1974 butterfly look with her 2021 dress, which was designed by Versace.
UK Vogue reported the dress' twinkly vibes were inspired by aurora borealis or northern lights, and it was covered in Swarovski crystals.
Phoebe Bridgers, 2021
Phoebe Bridgers took her skeleton obsession to the next level with this long-sleeved gown.
Bridgers revealed on the red carpet that her penchant for skeleton costumes was actually inspired by this Thom Brown dress, so she finally asked to wear the original for the Grammys.
Harry Styles, 2021
Harry Styles' leather suit and feathery green boa were much discussed.
His look was designed, as usual, by Gucci. He performed his Grammy-winning song "Watermelon Sugar" in the outfit, at one point tossing his boa off to the side.
Justin Bieber, 2022
Justin Bieber went for an oversized suit and a pink beanie at the 2022 Grammys, and spawned many a meme.
Doja Cat, 2022
Doja Cat walked the carpet in a robin-egg-blue sheer dress and spiky hair.
The custom Versace dress was embroidered with crystals and took 475 hours to make. She paired it with a glass purse filled with candy.
Dua Lipa, 2022
Dua Lipa's black-and-gold bondage-inspired dress was a showstopper.
Lipa took inspiration from Cindy Crawford, who made the Versace dress famous back in 1992 at the MTV VMAs. She switched out Crawford's red ribbon for many layered, chunky gold chains.
Lenny Kravitz, 2022
Lenny Kravitz proved he's still one of the coolest to ever do it in this silver mesh top and leather pants.
He finished off the look with a pair of heeled boots and his trademark oversized shades.
Harry Styles, 2023
Harry Styles attended the 2023 Grammys in a multi-colored, crystal-encrusted, checkered one-piece.
Styles took home album of the year that night for "Harry's House," which spawned a lot of controversy.
What isn't controversial though, is his commitment to his personal style, like this jumpsuit designed by his longtime friend Harry Lambert.
Shania Twain, 2023
Shania Twain was impossible to miss in this polka-dot ensemble with a fire-engine red wig.
The bold look was designed by Harris Reed.
Kacey Musgraves, 2023
Kacey Musgraves' pink feather cape and matching catsuit kicked off a year of Barbiecore.
Barbiecore, inspired by "Barbie" and a general love of girlhood, was one of the biggest trends of 2023.
Cardi B, 2023
Cardi B once again looked like a living piece of art in this royal-blue gown.
The architectural gown was designed by Gaurav Gupta.
Kim Petras and Sam Smith, 2023
Kim Petras and Sam Smith rolled up to the Grammys with a squad clad in all red.
Petras and Smith were there to perform their soon-to-be Grammy-winning collaboration "Unholy."
Ice Spice, 2024
Ice Spice combined red-carpet couture and denim in a fur-lined jean jacket and skirt look designed by iconic aughts designer Kimora Lee Simmons of Baby Phat.
She was nominated for four Grammys in 2024, including best new artist, but failed to take home a statue.
Taylor Swift, 2024
Taylor Swift made Grammy history while wearing a structured white strapless gown and black opera-length gloves.
The corset-style gown was designed by Schiaparelli. The rest of her look had a few Easter eggs, including her black diamond Lorraine Schwartz watch choker, which was set to midnight, a nod to her Grammy-winning album, "Midnights."
Swift became the first artist to ever win album of the year four times in 2024 — though not everyone agreed that "Midnights" deserved the honor.
Miley Cyrus, 2024
Miley Cyrus channeled Tina Turner on the red carpet with her '80s bouffant hairdo and a golden dress made of 14,000 gold safety pins that showed off her legs.
She'd later pay further homage to Turner during her performance of "Flowers."
The barely-there dress was designed by John Galliano for Maison Margiela.
Read the original article on Business Insider