"Yes I will be the flower girl," Taylor Swift commented on the singer's engagement post.

													By
												

	Jessica Lynch


Selena Gomez and Benny Blanco are officially engaged. 

	The news broke on Dec. 11 when Gomez shared an Instagram carousel featuring her engagement ring, alongside the caption, “forever begins now..” 

	Blanco responded in the comments, “Hey wait… that’s my wife.”

	Fellow artists were quick to flood Selena’s social media posts with congratulatory messages, including Cardi B, Lil Nas X, Julia Michaels, and longtime friend Taylor Swift, who volunteered in the post’s comments, “Yes I will be the flower girl.”

	The announcement marks a major milestone for the chart-topping singer and actress and the award-winning record producer. The pair have been romantically linked since December 2023, but their professional relationship began years earlier. Gomez and Blanco first collaborated on the 2019 track “I Can’t Get Enough” alongside Tainy and J Balvin. They teamed up again for Gomez’s 2023 single “Single Soon,” their musical partnership evolving into a deep personal connection.






	
	
		
					Explore		
	





		Explore	

















	
		
					Selena Gomez		
					


See latest videos, charts and news



See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	In a May appearance on The Howard Stern Show, Blanco spoke of his relationship with the multitalented star. “When I look at her … I’m always just like, I don’t know a world where it could be better than this,” he said on the show.





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	







	Gomez also spoke of the relationship in a May interview with TIME, saying: “I was alone for five years and I got really used to it. A lot of people are afraid of being alone and I probably tortured myself in my head for like two years being alone, and then I kind of accepted it.”

	










	“Then I came up with my plan, which was I was going to adopt at 35 if I had not met anyone,” she continued, referring to her relationship with Blanco .” It just happens when you least expect it.”

	Blanco, a prolific producer with 15 Billboard Hot 100 No. 1 hits, has worked with an array of industry giants, including Rihanna, Katy Perry, and Justin Bieber. His extensive credits include co-writing and producing some of pop music’s most enduring hits. 

	Gomez, meanwhile, has proved herself to be a global superstar with three No. 1 albums on the Billboard 200—Rare, Revival, and Stars Dance—and an impressive streak of chart-dominating singles over the past decade.

	Known not only for her chart-topping music but also for her acting in hits like Only Murders in the Building and her work as an entrepreneur with Rare Beauty, Gomez has continued to expand her creative portfolio. As for Blanco, his reputation as one of the music industry’s most sought-after producers only grows stronger.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.