By J. PETERSON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  20:12, 19 September 2024   |  Updated:  20:17, 19 September 2024   
 19
View  comments
Jenna Bush Hager received a major shock this week when she learned which A-list celebrity gets the final say in picking the Super Bowl halftime performer each year.
Jenna, 42, and her Today show co-host Hoda Kotb, 60, were interviewing radio personality Zane Lowe on Thursday when the subject of the Super Bowl performer came up.
'Can we talk about the Super Bowl halftime show? So many people were wondering "Who's it gonna be?" Then they announced Kendrick Lamar,' Hoda said.
Jenna chimed in, 'We thought it was gonna be Miley Cyrus!'
Zane then said that 'only one person makes that decision,' before revealing that Jay-Z has the final say on the Super Bowl halftime performer.
Jenna Bush Hager (pictured) received a major shock this week when she learned which A-list celebrity gets the final say in picking the Super Bowl halftime performer each year
Jenna, 42, and her Today show co-host Hoda Kotb, 60, were interviewing radio personality Zane Lowe on Thursday when the subject of the Super Bowl performer came up 
Zane told a stunned Jenna that Jay Z gets the final say on who performs at the Super Bowl
Visibly shocked, Jenna exclaimed, 'I didn't know that until right now!' 
Hoda also admitted that she had no idea about Jay-Z's involvement until a pre-show meeting she'd had that morning.
'I thought it was a collaborative decision. So Jay-Z decides?' Hoda asked.
'Entirely,' responded Zane, before a flabbergasted Jenna decided to grill him some more.
'So Jay-Z, how does he... who does he work with? The NFL?' she said, before moving on with the segment.
Kendrick is set to perform at this season's NFL showpiece in New Orleans, Los Angeles, where two teams will battle it out on the biggest stage in football on February 9. 
The Pulitzer Prize-winning musician previously performed at the Halftime Show headlined by Dr. Dre in 2022 - which also featured other legendary names in Snoop Dogg, Eminem, 50 Cent and Mary J. Blige. 
Though despite his previous Super Bowl appearance and successful rap career, Jason Whitlock is not convinced Kendrick will appeal to the large majority of an NFL audience. 
Visibly shocked, Jenna exclaimed, 'I didn't know that until right now!'
Kendrick Lamar is set to perform at this season's NFL showpiece in New Orleans, Los Angeles, where two teams will battle it out on the biggest stage in football on February 9
The conservative commentator took to X, formerly known as Twitter, with a post that read: '80 per cent of the Super Bowl audience will be totally unfamiliar with Kendrick Lamar.
'He doesn't have a library of crossover mainstream hits.' 
Jason continued by accusing Kendrick of writing an offensive song about a fellow rapper, believed to be Drake, saying: '"Not Like Us" is a divisive song calling another artist a pedophile.
'Worst Super Bowl halftime choice in history.' 
In last season's Super Bowl, R&B icon Usher was the headline act alongside Alicia Keys, Jermaine Dupri, H.E.R., will.i.am, Lil Jon and Ludacris in a show watched by 129.3 million viewers.
Rihanna unveiled her second pregnancy while headlining Super Bowl LVII the year before, which amassed 121 million viewers.
Despite Jason's criticism of him as a halftime choice, Jay-Z - whose Roc Nation promotion puts on the show along with Apple Music - has branded Kendrick a 'once-in-a-generation' act.
'Kendrick Lamar is truly a once-in-a-generation artist and performer,' Jay-Z said in a statement.
'His deep love for hip-hop and culture informs his artistic vision. 
'He has an unparalleled ability to define and influence culture globally. Kendrick’s work transcends music, and his impact will be felt for years to come.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group