Dustin Poirier is not only one of the most popular fighters in the UFC, but ‘The Diamond’ is also amongst the best athletes to have ever competed in MMA.
The stars sadly failed to align for veteran UFC fighter Dustin ‘The Diamond’ Poirier as he fell short of earning the undisputed lightweight title against champion Islam Makhachev at UFC 302.
One of the UFC’s longest-serving superstars, Poirier’s resume reads as a who’s who of iconic MMA talent; a resume that will undoubtedly land ‘The Diamond’ in the UFC Hall of Fame, whenever he decides the hang up the gloves. 
Dustin Glenn Poirier was born January 19 1989 Lafayette, Louisiana, United States.
As of June 2024, he is 35 years old.
Dustin Poirier stands at 5 foot 7 inches (175cm) tall and weighs 156 lbs, according to the UFC.
Dustin Poirier has an official Instagram account with a huge 5.1 million followers that can be found @dustinpoirier.
He often shares interesting photos from his life, training and fan artwork as well as advertises his own brand of hot sauce.
A post shared by Dustin Poirier (@dustinpoirier)
Poirier can also be followed on X, formerly Twitter, @DustinPoirier, where he has over 1.1 million followers.
Dustin Poirier married his wife Jolie LeBlanc, who helps the UFC superstar run The Good Fight Foundation; a charitable organization that raises money to help local communities, in 2009.
From food to health care, The Good Fight Foundation continues to benefit thousands of people in and around Poirier’s home state of Louisiana – he was awarded the Forrest Griffin Community Award in 2020. 
According to Celebrity Net Worth, Dustin Poirier has a net worth of approximately $6 million.
Poirier also currently sits sixth on the UFC’s all-time post-fight bonuses rankings; having earned a whopping 15 post-fight bonuses across his illustrious career – including a Fight of the Night bonus at UFC 302.  
As of June 2024, Poirier hasn’t had his next fight officially booked – which isn’t a surprise given that the war with Makhachev only happened on June 1.
However, a few names have been thrown out as potential opponents for when ‘The Diamond’ makes his return.
In the aftermath of UFC 302, Poirier was not only called out by Alexander Volkanovski but it was also suggested that he move up to the welterweight division to settle the score with Colby ‘Chaos’ Covington. 
Dustin Poirier attempted to do the unthinkable at UFC 302, not only wrestle away the title from dominant champion Islam Makhachev, but finish the Russian wrecking ball inside the distance.
Whilst Poirier wasn’t able to get the job done in Newark, he showed the heart of a champion as he not only defended multiple takedown attempts to keep the fight standing, but badly cut Makhachev late into the fight.
Yet as Makhachev was left bleeding across the UFC octagon, the champion was able to transition to a D’Arce choke and lock in a submission- the fourth submission loss of Poirier’s career. 
Heading into the PPV weekend in New Jersey, Dustin Poirier was ranked as the #4 lightweight in the world and retained that spot, despite the fifth-round submission loss.
‘The Diamond’ previously claimed the interim UFC lightweight title in a hard-fought unanimous decision win over Max Holloway in 2019, only to suffer defeat at the hands of Khabib Nurmagomedov for the undisputed title. 
Poirier was a sizable underdog heading into his UFC 299 clash with former French special forces operative Benoit Saint-Denis, and it appeared that the veteran was about to make way for the ‘new generation’ of lightweights after the opening round. 
Yet after jumping a ridiculous number of guillotine submission attempts, which spawned the now-infamous ‘Gilly Season’ meme online, Poirier rallied in the second round to deliver a brutal KO over Saint-Denis. 
Conor McGregor and Dustin Poirier’s history has been intertwined since the beginning, with McGregor having bested ‘The Diamond’ back in 2014 by way of first-round TKO – although that bout was at featherweight, not lightweight. 
Yet Poirier would earn his revenge in the most dramatic of ways, knocking out McGregor with a picture-perfect hook in their 2021 rematch, before the Irishman suffered a broken leg in their trilogy matchup. 
McGregor and Poirier ran it back for a third time in late 2021 at UFC 264, with ‘The Diamond’ starting and seemingly set to win the opening round, before McGregor suffered a horrific injury and the fight was waved off: Poirier 2, McGregor 1. 
Justin Gaethje is known as one of the most violent men in all of MMA, and that power was certainly on show as he delivered a vicious high kick to KO ‘The Diamond’ in round two of their match at UFC 291.
One of the fights of the year in 2022, Poirier and Chandler went to war before ‘The Diamond’ ultimately wrapped up a rear-naked choke in the third round to claim the win at UFC 281.
Dustin Poirier first defeated Max Holloway in 2012 via first-round submission, but would run it back with ‘Blessed’ at UFC 236 – this time for the interim UFC lightweight title.
Given both the strength of schedule and longevity of Poirier, it’s no surprise that Poirier remains one of Dana White’s favorite fighters.
Speaking to media after his comeback KO win at UFC 299, White celebrated: “This is the s*** that makes you a f****** legend. These are legendary fights.
“Poirier, again like I just said, his stock again goes through the roof. At his age, all the things he’s accomplished, all the things he’s done, look at what he did tonight… People were going nuts. 
“Poirier went to a whole other level tonight with this fight.”
When it comes to tattoos, there are only a handful of fighters with more recognizable ink than Dustin Poirier, who broke down all of his designs in an interview with GQ back in 2019.
For his last two fights in the UFC, Poirier has entered the arena to the tune of ‘The Boss’ by James Brown.
Prior to UFC 302, and what could have very well been his retirement fight, Poirier confirmed that his new walkout song would be a remix of both ‘The Boss’ by James Brown, and ‘Diamonds’ by Rihanna. 
Poirier is known for his extensive collection of floral and Hawaiian-themed shirts, so it’s no surprise to see fans clambering to see him wearing custom shorts in the octagon; as was re-introduced for UFC 300. 
Earlier in Fight Week, Poirier reacted to Venum’s new floral design shorts, stating that he’s “Got them custom boys!!” ahead of his title fight against Makhachev.
A post shared by Dustin Poirier (@dustinpoirier)
Poirier announced the release of his own specialty Hot Sauce in 2020, a Cajun brand called ‘Poirier’s Louisiana Style’ which can be found in retailers across the country.