Poor Rihanna was too sick at attend the 2024 Met Gala but that doesn't mean she ain't still dressin'. Out with beau A$AP Rocky on May 9, Rihanna was as stylish as ever. In fact, the only thing sick about her was her exceptionally sick outfit.
Rihanna wore a quintessentially excellent night-out Rihanna outfit: dark sunglasses, a hoodie, fur jacket, satin skirt and heels, offset with a crisp white quilted Chanel bag.
A$AP Rocky syncopated with Rihanna's steez, stepping out in a classic Rocky look: elegant peak-lapel suit with tie, dark sunglasses, no-nonsense black derbies and gold grillz.
Together, they looked like they were heading to an incredibly stylish wake. And that's a compliment.
It's unusual that their looks were so subdued, in terms of color and shape.
Though the couple still looked unsurprisingly excellent, Rihanna and Rihanna typically dress with wanton panache; even their more urbane outfits are still impressively outré.
Perhaps they were sending a signal to Anna Wintour, who they effectively snubbed by skipping out on the Met Gala last-minute, except that Rihanna and Rocky were grinning too much to look anywhere near somber.
There was some chatter online about how Rihanna might've faked her illness simply to avoid attending yet another red carpet.
So distraught by the Bad Gal's absence, some fans even AI-generated photos of what Rihanna might've worn (others then attempted to pass off the pictures as legit).
Honestly, though, I don't see why you wouldn't believe that Rihanna was indeed sick on Monday. So she's fine by Thursday. So what?
Stomach bugs, which is what Rihanna claimed to have come down with, come and go. Sometimes they stick around, sometimes they don't.
Further, Rihanna had gone to all the effort of dying her hair pink, which she debuted while joining Rocky at the 2024 F1 Miami Grand Prix, held mere days prior to the Met Gala.
That's a pretty deliberate choice to make, one that was likely meant to coincide with whatever Rihanna had planned to wear.
And note that Rihanna's hair is now blonde — the pink was clearly meant to be temporary.
Rocky was supposed to be at the Met Gala, as well, and they're both in New York while Rocky films a part in Spike Lee's new movie so everything adds up.
And, yet, it doesn't make it any easier to accept that we have to wait a whole 'nother year for fresh Rocky and Rihanna Met Gala outfits.
Oh, well, here's to 2025.
Titel Media GmbH (Highsnobiety), is committed to facilitating and improving the accessibility and usability of its Website, www.highsnobiety.com. Titel Media GmbH strives to ensure that its Website services and content are accessible to persons with disabilities including users of screen reader technology. To accomplish this, Titel Media GmbH tests, remediates and maintains the Website in-line with the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG), which also bring the Website into conformance with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990.
Please be aware that our efforts to maintain accessibility and usability are ongoing. While we strive to make the Website as accessible as possible some issues can be encountered by different assistive technology as the range of assistive technology is wide and varied.
If, at any time, you have specific questions or concerns about the accessibility of any particular webpage on this Website, please contact us at accessibility@highsnobiety.com, +49 (0)30 235 908 500. If you do encounter an accessibility issue, please be sure to specify the web page and nature of the issue in your email and/or phone call, and we will make all reasonable efforts to make that page or the information contained therein accessible for you.