The Buccaneers actress on her skincare must-haves, finding a foundation for her skin tone, and why tretinoin is her \201cbest friend.\201d 

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Welcome to Beauty Around the Clock, Marie Claire's weekly peek into the daily lives of some of the most game-changing men and women in their industries. Ever wonder how they get it all done in a day? Here's your answer. 
Maybe you know Alisha Boe from 13 Reasons Why, or, maybe, you’ve had the chance to watch her newest binge-worthy Netflix series, The Buccaneers. Either way, you’ll be pleased to know the actress behind Jessica Davis and Conchitta Closson has one of the most relatable beauty-slash-self-care routines in Hollywood. Allow me to provide some color. Her idea of a mental reboot: Laying in bed and doing absolutely nothing. Her beauty icon? Rihanna (same, same). On her off-time, she’s an aspiring “pilates mom.” And ,she too walked the middle school halls with overly-plucked eyebrows.
Don’t be mistaken though: She’s come a long way with her beauty knowledge. “When I started working more consistently, I obviously learned more about makeup and beauty products from having to be on set,” she exclusively tells Marie Claire. “Now, I’ve kind of got it down to a T.”
She uses great skincare and makeup (many of which are courtesy of Rihanna’s Fenty Beauty), has picked up a handful of application tips, and fine-tuned her skincare routine with the help of a very effective prescription retinoid. To get the full breakdown on Boe’s beauty regimen, read ahead. 
If I'm not working, I love to sleep in and I will probably wake up naturally around nine. I check my phone and I kind of lay in bed till 10:00 a.m. and then I get up. I’m trying to not look at my phone the second I get up though. 
My skin has been on a huge journey throughout my life. I remember having the worst breakout around 2021 when I was filming 13 Reasons Why. It was awful—but that’s when I really got into skincare. I learned that tretinoin is my best friend in the world. When my skin is looking consistently good, it's because I've been really good with wearing tretinoin.  
I usually cleanse my face with Cetaphil. Then I put on this Murad Environmental Shield, which is really good because I get hyperpigmentation. The vitamin C helps with resurfacing and keeps my skin bright. I get dark circles as well, so I use the Murad vitamin C underneath my eyes. I’m a huge fan of the Barbara Sturm serums. I love the anti-pollution drops and the vitamin B serum she has. During the winter, I patch all of that up with Weleda Skin Food. I also use an SPF—I really like Supergoop! Unseen Sunscreen. 
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
I've actually had a fixation breakfast the last couple of weeks. It might be a bit gross to some people, but I've been making toast with butter, soft boiled egg, and then mayo on top with pepper. I know the mayo really turns people off. Sometimes I'll do it with smoked salmon as well if I have it in the fridge. 
I'm not that great in the makeup department, so I kind of keep it simple. I know right now my eyebrows are giving thick, but that’s because I had my makeup done today. I have no eyebrows, so I always fill them in so you can see what I’m feeling and what expressions I’m giving. I use this Anastasia duo powder brow in dark brown and go over it with the Glossier Boy Brow. I was a sucker for the brand when they came on the scene and I still love them. I’ve always stuck with them. 
I also love the NudeStix in Sunkissed. I love the way it looks on my skin because it's this darker berry color. You just put it right on your face and blend it in with your fingers. I also use the cloud paint in the shade Storm and the YSL concealer. I use shade number five if you’re curious. I usually put on lip gloss of some sort and call it a day. I’ve been using the Fenty one that’s brown with sparkles in it. I love brown lip glosses because my lips are brown. It just brings everything out. 
It’s a running joke that when I’m not working I turn into a pilates mom. I do go to pilates, but I’ll also go to Barry's Bootcamp. I love group exercise classes. There’s something about running and loud, aggressive yelling that just gets me going. I force all my friends to go with me. I’m also a big walker. I usually love to walk around Silver Lake Reservoir, which is nice. Or go hiking at Griffith Observatory. It’s very typical LA and I’m not ashamed of my green juice and a hike. It’s in my DNA at this point.
I will lay in bed and do nothing. It’s lovely. Honestly. A bath or really hot shower is also the best feeling ever when I’ve had a long day. Doing nothing in bed is the best feeling in the world though. I won’t even look at my phone or read a book or watch anything. I just like to lay and sit.
Signature Scent
I don't really have a signature scent. I’ve just recently started wearing perfume when I go out because in theory I want to be a person who has a signature scent. Something I do wear every single day though—which I stole from my boyfriend—is the Aesop spray-on deodorant. I wear that every day so I guess deodorant is my signature scent. 
My go-to forever has been the Maybelline Big Shot Mascara. I’ll also grab CeraVe and my Skin Food while I’m there. 
Rihanna because she really did something with diversity in the beauty market. She set the bar. I have such a specific skin tone that changes throughout the year and I really feel like her brand is focused on undertones. It was always really hard when I would go on set and they didn’t have a foundation that worked for me. Artists would have to mix so many different shades. I just love what she brought to beauty. She’s also stunning and perfect in every way. 
I make a playlist every year. My current one has 400 songs. There's “Never Alone” by Budgie, which is a fun song, Some Jay-Z, a little Aretha Franklin. It’s a big mix of things. It really depends what mood I’m in.
When I was younger I thought I would be a psychologist because I was really interested in therapy. It’s the study of humans, which is actually similar to acting. It all falls under the same umbrella.
My nighttime routine is pretty similar to my morning routine, it’s just less products. When you wake up, you want to put stuff on your skin that protects it from pollution and whatnot. But at night, I just wash my face and exfoliate. I put on my tretinoin, a good moisturizer, and go to bed.
Samantha Holender is the Senior Beauty Editor at Marie Claire, where she reports on the best new launches, dives into the science behind skincare, and shares the breakdown on the latest and greatest trends in the beauty space. She's studied up on every ingredient you'll find on INCI list and is constantly in search of the world's glowiest makeup products. She's constantly tracking the biggest nail and hair trends to pop up in the beauty space, going backstage during fashion weeks, tracking celebrity looks, and constantly talking to celebrity hair stylists, nail artists, and makeup artists. Prior to joining the team, she worked as Us Weekly’s Beauty and Style Editor, where she stayed on the pulse of pop culture and broke down celebrity beauty routines, hair transformations, and red carpet looks. Her words have also appeared on Popsugar, Makeup.com, Skincare.com, Delish.com, and Philadelphia Wedding. Samantha also serves as a board member for the American Society of Magazine Editors (ASME). She first joined the organization in 2018, when she worked as an editorial intern at Food Network Magazine and Pioneer Woman Magazine. Samantha has a degree in Journalism and Mass Communications from The George Washington University’s School of Media and Public Affairs. While at GWU, she was a founding member of the school’s HerCampus chapter and served as its President for four years. When she’s not deep in the beauty closet or swatching eyeshadows, you can find her obsessing over Real Housewives and all things Bravo. Keep up with her on Instagram @samholender.

This bag is a $33,000 flex.


It's time for an upgrade.


The 21-year-old Princess of Orange, Catharina-Amalia, has overcome a scary period in her young life.


As season 2 approaches, the cast opens up about their evolving self-image.


Prepare to glow.


Oily girls, this one is for you.


For that just-got-caught-staring flush.


The actress was spotted in peak ‘90s-inspired glam.


Keep the texture and irritation at bay with these editor-vetted items.


The star was spotted looking red hot in the streets of New York City.


From a beauty director who's learned all the workarounds.


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.