The plaintiffs allege that they were "brutally" and "severely" beaten. 
 Four Chris Brown concert attendees are suing him for what they say happened backstage at his July 19 show in Fort Worth, Tex., at Dickies Arena

 According to a lawsuit filed Monday in Harris County, Tex., Larry Parker, Joseph Lewis, Charles Bush, and Da Marcus Powell allege that Brown and others surrounded them and then "brutally and severely beat" them, including throwing chairs, and kicking and stomping them. The men said Brown "participated in and directed" in the violence. Live Nation, the company promoting Brown's tour, as well as Sinko Ceej, Hood Boss, and Yella Beezy, are named as defendants.

 The plaintiffs are seeking a temporary restraining order against the defendants, in addition to $50 million, according to the lawsuit, which was obtained by EW.

 EW has reached out to a legal representative for Brown for comment.

 The four plaintiffs are all undergoing medical treatment and expect to need it in the future, according to the lawsuit.

 Sign up for Entertainment Weekly's free daily newsletter to get breaking TV news, exclusive first looks, recaps, reviews, interviews with your favorite stars, and more.

 The alleged incident occurred after Brown's show when, per the lawsuit, the plaintiffs and "approximately 40 women" were invited backstage to the artist's VIP area. They waited about 30 minutes and were about to leave when they had an exchange with Brown. When Bush approached Brown to congratulate him on his show, a member of his group reminded him that they had been "beefing" when they saw each other last. That's allegedly when the violence began.

 Brown, 35, is on his 11:11 Tour, which is scheduled to continue through the West — cities including Denver and Seattle — before wrapping up in Los Angeles on Aug. 6.

 The "Forever" singer has faced legal issues in the past, most infamously in a criminal case, when he pleaded guilty to having assaulted Rihanna in 2009. He was sentenced to five years probation and 180 days of community service.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)