Every product is independently selected by (obsessive) editors. Things you buy through our links may earn us a commission.

3 items in this article


              Save this article to read it later.
              






              Find this story in your account’s ‘Saved for Later’ section.
              






3 items in this article

This essay first appeared Wednesday, January 31, in The Strategist Beauty Brief, a weekly newsletter in which our beauty writers share their must-tries, can-skips, and can’t-live-withouts. But we liked it so much we wanted to share it with all of our readers. If you want more first impressions of buzzy launches, quick takes on what’s trending on TikTok and Instagram, and deep dives into the week’s best beauty launches, sign up here. The Strategist Beauty Brief is delivered every Wednesday.
For every celebrity beauty brand that rises beyond the initial hype and becomes beloved beyond the famous face — Rihanna’s Fenty Beauty, Selena Gomez’s Rare Beauty, even Tracee Ellis Ross’s Pattern Beauty — there are several more that fade into obscurity. (Just look at the Cut’s encyclopedia of everything famous people have made for your face, hair, and body, if you want to be reminded of the rest.) In many cases, these brands flop because the products aren’t great, or they’re just indiscernible from anything else on the market. I, personally, feel this way about beauty brands more generally — it’s hard to stand out! But if there’s one celebrity beauty brand that I think is slept on, it’s Victoria Beckham Beauty
Victoria Beckham Beauty has been on my radar since its launch in 2019, when I was invited to a party in a penthouse just off the High Line, swiping eye shadow on the backs of our hands while grinning at Mrs. Beckham in the flesh. The makeup, they said then, was inspired by Posh Spice’s iconic smoky eye. At the time, I found that the products were high-performing and luxurious, and over the last four years, the brand has endured and expanded to lips and more recently, fragrance — despite the fact that no one I know outside of the industry really talks about it. VBB isn’t buzzy on social. It’s never had its viral moment, like Rhode’s lip treatment or even Rare Beauty’s liquid blush. I suspect some of this is because of the brand’s high price point — $30 for my longtime favorite lip liner, which is $5 more than the beloved Charlotte Tilbury Lip Cheat and more than double the price of drugstore buys.
But it’s worth it. I think of VBB as a fancier Merit, with richer pigmentation and a higher price point to match. The packaging is substantial and pretty. (I also love that the products come in little dust bags, which I’ve reused for everything from pads to charging cables.) I’ve tried a lot of the brand’s products, and there are three standouts: the Lip Definer (a lip pencil), the Lid Lustre, and the sickeningly expensive Cell Rejuvenating Priming Moisturizer, which never fails to get me compliments. For context, I keep my makeup pretty simple — a little brow gel, a few swipes of concealer, lip liner, and gloss. So I’m always looking for products that are dependable and keep me looking like myself.
The Lip Definer was the product that converted me into a VBB acolyte. I have a darker top lip and a lighter, pinkish bottom one, and up until the moment I discovered the brand in 2019, I’d never found a brown that complimented both. Then I met shade No. 5, which is the exact color of my top lip. The first time I applied it, I was stunned by the close color match and felt a little emotional about how seen I felt, especially by a brand that I didn’t expect to work for me. (Victoria’s clothing line, for example, only goes up to a size 14.)
This lip pencil became and continues to be my go-to. Its smooth pigment means it doesn’t skip and it shows up, whether my lips are bone-dry or already glossy. I also like that it isn’t too pigmented to the point where it overshadows the lip color or doesn’t easily blend. It enhances without screaming I’m wearing lip liner. But I definitely notice that when I’m not wearing it, my lips are a little less fun. I pair it with glosses mostly (Ami Colé’s lip treatment oil, in case you’re curious), and it doesn’t move around when layered with something slick.
The Lid Lustre eye shadows are just sexy. There’s nothing more enticing than a shimmery eye in a dark club or under the flicker of candlelight. Eye shadow is a nighttime activity, at least for me, and Lid Lustres capture the spirit of those moments. And despite being sheeny and dreamy, the Lustres last all night. They look very glittery in the pan, but once you stick a finger in and swipe it on your lid, it’s a smooth sheen. I love the colors midnight and mink especially; I never fail to fall in love with myself after I wear them (Leo moon behavior).
Finally, there’s the Cell Rejuvenating Primer. It pains me to write about this, because it’s $65 for a tiny amount, but I literally use this to the last drop. (For what it’s worth: VBB formulated this moisturizer-slash-primer combo in collaboration with Augustinus Bader, so it’s like using the Cream, but lighter weight with more glow and slightly less expensive.) On the days when I don’t want to wear foundation, I apply this instead. It’s moisturizer with a little glow, which is the best situation for someone like me, who wants to look pulled together without doing any work. People have asked me if I’m wearing foundation, and I would have to tell them that, no, I was not. I prefer the golden glow, which gives me an all-over bronziness without looking like I was glitter-bombed. I can’t say if someone lighter or darker than me would have the same experience, but I suspect anyone that’s a few shades in either direction should do all right. It also wears like a dream under makeup on days when I do want to wear foundation.
I recognize that I’m putting a lot of emphasis on three standout products, but they’re so good that whenever I don’t have these easily at hand, I don’t feel like I can confidently pull off my look. It’s as essential to me as the Rare Beauty bronzing sticks or the Merit sheer lipsticks. It’s a must-have, and to anyone who tries the Lip Definer and isn’t absolutely converted to the church of Posh Spice — DM me, we need to talk.
This article originally appeared in The Strategist Beauty Brief, a weekly newsletter from our beauty writers on their must-tries, can-skips, and can’t-live-withouts. Sign up here.
By submitting your email, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Notice and to receive email correspondence from us.
The Strategist is designed to surface the most useful, expert recommendations for things to buy across the vast e-commerce landscape. Some of our latest conquests include the best acne treatments, rolling luggage, pillows for side sleepers, natural anxiety remedies, and bath towels. We update links when possible, but note that deals can expire and all prices are subject to change.
Every product is independently selected by (obsessive) editors. Things you buy through our links may earn us a commission.
Have an Account?