Tonight on "The Amazing Race," for the first time, the Race travels to the Dominican Republic, where the final five teams must complete two road blocks, on this episode titled "My Precious Cacao" airing Wednesday, May 8 (9:30-11:00 PM, ET/PT) on CBS. Phil Keoghan hosts.
Here are the teams still in contention: Amber & Vinny (dating), Juan & Shane (best friends), Ricky & Cesar (dating), Rod & Leticia (married), Sunny & Elizabeth (best friends) and Yvonne & Melissa (dating).
SEE 'The Amazing Race's' Angie and Danny reveal their crew never showed up to the Detour
Follow are full live blog recap below.
9:30 p.m. -- Previously, on "The Amazing Race"! In the Episode 8, teams travel to Barbados where they visit the childhood home of superstar Rihanna. Boyfriends Ricky & Cesar hit the Pit Stop first for the fifth time this season. Mother/son duo Angie & Danny hit the mat last and became the eighth team eliminated. Let's continue the race!
9:35 p.m. -- The top five teams have landed in the Dominican Republic. Beginning this race in Group 1 are Ricky & Cesar and Juan & Shane. The clue instructs them to make their way on foot through the jungle to find their next clue. Once there they receive their first Roadblock. In "Who Can See the Writing on the Wall?" one team member must make their way down a canyon, spot 10 symbols and pair them up with 10 matching rocks. Juan and Cesar will take this Roadblock since they are best with memory challenges on their respective teams. Just minutes later the other three teams head out to the Roadblock.
9:45 p.m. -- Both Juan and Cesar are incorrect in their first attempt. They each had about 5 rocks, not realizing they need to match 10. They had back out on the course to keep looking for more. When Melissa arrives, Cesar asks her if she would like to work together. In response, Juan decides to work with Rod.
10:00 p.m. -- Cesar completes this challenging Roadblock after three attempts. Before leaving he gives Melissa some help, but she still has one incorrect. It's Juan who finishes next on his fifth attempt, but he wastes no time jetting off to the next clue. Sorry, Rod! Still, Rod is able to figure things out on his own and he and Leticia run off in third place, quickly followed by Amber & Vinny. Melissa, who had just one wrong at one point seems to be getting worse as the challenge continues. After eight attempts, she finally gets it right and assumes they're about 10 minutes behind the other teams.
10:15 p.m. -- Ricky & Cesar arrive at the next clue. It instructs them the cut down cacao pods, remove the seeds and spread them out on a tarp. Once the tarp is covered, they'll get a clue. All teams are now working on filling up their tarp. Everyone's getting along pretty well except for Amber & Vinny, who can't help but constantly complain about what the other is doing. Ricky & Cesar eventually finish this challenge and will make their way to Estadio Bartolo Colon to find their next clue. Rod & Leticia finish in second place and head to the stadium next.
10:30 p.m. -- Ricky & Cesar arrive at the stadium and open the clue. It's another Roadblock. In "Who Wants to Play Ball?" one team member must join a training session and complete three drills: field a ground ball at second and make a perfect throw to first, catch a high fly ball in center field, and hit a bottle cap with a broomstick 25 feet. Once all are complete, they'll get another clue. Ricky makes quick work of this Roadblock and now he and Cesar will head to Paseo de Dona Blanca to find their next clue. Back at the first Roadblock, Juan & Shane finish in third place and head out, leaving Amber & Vinny and Yvonne & Melissa fighting for last. Rod, who is known for his athletic prowess on the football field, quickly finds out that doesn't apply to baseball, where he can't seem to throw a ball from second base to first .
10:45 p.m. -- After four attempts, Rod finally throws a baseball correctly. Hopefully he's better at catching and hitting. Soon Juan & Shane arrive, and Shane is hoping to put some pressure on Rod. Back at the first Roadblock, Amber & Vinny finish the challenge, leaving Yvonne & Melissa behind. Now Rod is struggling to hit this cap. It takes about 14 tries, but finally nails it. Who would have predicted Ricky would outplay Rod on the baseball field? Is there anything Ricky & Cesar can't do? Anyways, Shane completes this Roadblock right after Rod, and both teams are racing to the next clue. Meanwhile, Yvonne & Melissa have finally finished Roadblock 1. When they arrive at Roadblock 2, everyone else is gone. Luckily, Yvonne is killing this Roadblock and both Rod & Leticia and Amber & Vinny have cab drivers that seemed totally confused about where they're going. Rod demands they stop for directions, which definitely helps. He then encourages his driver to put the pedal to the metal, and Rod & Leticia end up passing Juan & Shane on the street!
11:00 p.m. -- Ricky & Cesar reach the next clue box, which instructs them to race to the next pit stop at Anfiteatro de Puerto Plata. They head there on foot. Meanwhile, Amber & Vinny are growing increasingly frustrated with their taxi driver who doesn't know where they're going and seemingly refuses to stop for directions. They're not sure where he's taking them. Up in front, Ricky & Cesar finish in first place for the sixth time. At this point it's just getting ridiculous. They've won a five-night trip for two to Seoul, Korea. Rod & Leticia beat Juan & Shane in a foot race to place second and third, respectively. In the end, Amber & Vinny find the pit stop before Yvonne & Melissa, and the girlfriends are eliminated in fifth place.
Leg 9 results:
1. Ricky & Cesar
2. Rod & Leticia
3. Juan & Shane
4. Amber & Vinny
5. Yvonne & Melissa (eliminated)
Make your predictions at Gold Derby now. Download our free and easy app for Apple/iPhone devices or Android (Google Play) to compete against legions of other fans plus our experts and editors for best prediction accuracy scores. See our latest prediction champs. Can you top our esteemed leaderboards next? Always remember to keep your predictions updated because they impact our latest racetrack odds, which terrify Hollywood chiefs and stars. Don't miss the fun. Speak up and share your huffy opinions in our famous forums where 5,000 showbiz leaders lurk every day to track latest awards buzz. Everybody wants to know: What do you think? Who do you predict and why?
It is easier to pick the losers in this race rather than the winner. Rod and Letitia and Amber and Vinny are the loosers.Rod and Letitia are just dumb and Amber and Vinney would rather argue then to play the game correctly. I’ll go with the favorites Ricky and Caesar to win. I also have suggestions for next season; don’t choose Father/Daughter or Mother/Son duos they are terrible players. Also not fair to pit 2 men against 2 women unless you plan on getting rid of all physically exerting challenges.
I agree that Amber & Vinney are losers, they just argue with each other and it gets tiresome.  Rod is too full of himself but I like the couple.  I can’t stand Ricky & Caesar, not because they are guy, but the silly way that act.  The women who were also guy were eliminated, hut you really never knew they were a couple and acted professional.  I’m pulling for the two pilots to win, but I know Ricky & Caesar will come prancing in with their matching shirts to win.
Ricky & Caesar’s main advantage has been having a fluent Spanish speaker through a tour of Spanish speaking countries. It has helped them. Almost everyone else’s Spanish between both members was passable. Furthermore their consistent 1st place ranking created a momentum and consistent time advantage. That combined with their admittedly skilled running of the race has made it their game. Now Amber and Vinny will lose regardless, the question is will the Philadelphia final leg give the pilots or Rod enough of an edge to take first in the end or is the couple’s “headstart” too big?
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…
Take a trip back to the Academy Awards ceremonies of the recent past with Gold Derby’s Oscars Playback series. Hosts Joyce Eng and Christopher Rosen recap every Oscar ceremony of the 1990s and 2000s. Joyce and Chris tackle the highs and lows of each show and see how the winners aged. It’s a wonderful night for Oscar, whenever you watch!

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media