Are you wearing the...? The plunging bathrobe gown? Yeah, I am.
Getty
 Rihanna is putting a new spin on cozy season fashion—by wearing a literal bathrobe out on the town.

 The singer stepped out for a London Fashion Week event to celebrate the launch of her Fenty Hair brand at Selfridges and she decided to do a little method dressing for the occasion. Her ultra pale yellow fuzzy teddy wrap dress featured a waist tie, long sleeves, and a slouchy off the shoulder design, giving the overall impression of—well—a rather glamorous bathrobe. In fact, the singer would have looked like she had just stepped straight out of the shower if it wasn't for her sleek Hollywood waves, her sparkly drop earrings, her glam makeup look, and her gold heels. She also wore a matching square manicure in the same pale yellow shade.

Getty
 Rihanna announced Fenty Hair back in June while sporting her natural hair dyed blonde and cut into a layered bob. "You know how much switching my hair up matters to me," she wrote on Instagram at the time. "I’ve had almost every texture, color, length, from weaves to braids to natural—so I am launching a flexible line of products for not only every hair want, but every single product is designed to strengthen and repair all types of hair, which is what we truly need! It’s time to play and get stronger by the style.”

Getty
 Rihanna's London Fashion Week appearance comes after bad gal Rhi Rhi took a trip to New York Fashion Week. There, she wore two daring sheer gowns by Alaïa.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)