Rihanna brings her golden touch to Christian Dior in the 1-minute film marking her spokesperson debut for the luxury fashion house.
The 9-time Grammy winner, who replaces actress Charlize Theron as Dior ambassador, appears in the Steven Klein J’Adore Parfum campaign spot, which was released on Sunday (Sept. 1). Filmed at the Palace of Versailles in France, and soundtracked with Rihanna's 2016 song "Love on the Brain," the advertisement begins with Rihanna strutting in the outfit she wore to the Dior Couture show in January. She then grabs the parfum, disrobes and unveils herself in an opulent golden gown.
Towards the end, Rihanna walks on water, concluding with the brand's tagline, "Your dreams, make them real."
According to a press release shared by Vogue, the advertisement follows a story of "metamorphosis and a coronation, a fusional encounter between a pop idol and a legendary perfume."
In a press statement for the brand, Rihanna called J'Adore a scent that she's "loved for so long." 
"It is more than a perfume, it is a companion and a reference," she stated. "I am especially touched to join this adventure and to contribute to it through my world, my story, my roots, as well as my creativity and my own femininity."
music | BY tara mahadevan
Rihanna Returns to Crop Over Festival in Barbados
style | BY tara mahadevan
Rihanna Photoshops Giant Fenty Beauty Lipgloss Tube Over ASAP Rocky for Olympics Partnership Announcement
music | BY Jaelani Turner-Williams
Rihanna Teases A$AP Rocky While Rapping Along to GloRilla's "TGIF"
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.