ByChris Dobstaff
andForbes Daily
ByChris Dobstaff,
 Forbes Staff 
andForbes Daily,
 Forbes Staff. 
Good morning,
For some, the stock market is a tough nut to crack. While billionaires like Warren Buffett and Bill Ackman make the art of smart investing look easy, some of us could use a crash course in properly evaluating stocks.
Luckily, Forbes has released the first three installments in a 10-part series titled Market Lessons: The Ratios That Drive Stock Prices, which focuses on how to perform quantitative analysis when considering your next investment. So far, we’ve covered the price/earnings ratio, drilling down on dividends, and differentiating between low and high net margins—all necessary first steps in understanding the market.
So whether your portfolio already posts returns like Berkshire Hathaway or has room to grow, we've got the foundational knowledge to help get you where you want to be.
The median price for homes in the U.S. rose 5.8% in May compared to last year, a new report shows.
The tough housing market continues, as U.S. home prices hit an all-time high in May, with the median price jumping 5.8% from the year prior, while sales saw a 2.8% decline. With mortgage rates also stuck at comparatively high levels—current mortgage payments are “more than double that of homes purchased before 2020” according to Lawrence Yun of the National Association of Realtors—it’s a tricky market for first-time buyers to break into.
President Joe Biden is the man many people blame for issues like high interest rates and stubborn inflation, rightly or wrongly, but he’s affected by them too. Biden’s net worth has stalled out at an estimated $10 million, two-thirds of which is locked up in real estate.
MIRAGEC/GETTY IMAGES
Diversity in holdings among large-, medium- and small-cap companies is normally a good thing—until lately, that is. Recent returns from two of Vanguard’s biggest ETFs illustrate this departure from conventional wisdom, the fund with more large-cap holdings is pulling ahead of a more diversified fund thanks to the same U.S. tech companies and AI hype that have buoyed the S&P 500 all year.
Troubled aerospace company Boeing will likely avoid criminal prosecution for violating its $2.5 billion settlement over two 737 Max 8 crashes in 2018 and 2019, and instead, the Justice Department plans to offer the firm an agreement requiring it to install an independent safety monitor, according to the New York Times. A federal watchdog is seen by officials as a more efficient way to get Boeing to fall in line with safety and quality control improvements.
One of the first voice assistants on the market is getting an overhaul, and it may no longer be free—Amazon is working to replace its current, “classic” version of Alexa with an AI-powered version that includes a conversational generative AI, according to Reuters. Known internally as Project Banyan, there are no plans to include the service as part of Amazon’s $139 a year Prime membership.
Billionaire SoftBank founder and CEO Masayoshi Son vowed to make an aggressive AI push at the firm’s annual meeting last week, even dismissing previous investments as a “warm up for my great dream to realize artificial superintelligence.” SoftBank Group shares were down more than 3% by market close in Tokyo on Friday.
The Supreme Court ruled 8-1 to uphold the federal statute barring individuals with domestic violence restraining orders from possessing firearms. Chief Justice John Roberts, writing for the court’s majority, found that Americans can be “temporarily disarmed” under the Second Amendment if they’ve “been found by a court to pose a credible threat to the physical safety of another.”
Former Trump advisor Steve Bannon on Friday requested the Supreme Court to delay his prison sentence for contempt of Congress after his repeated attempts to postpone jail time were denied. The request comes after the D.C. Circuit Court panel refused to delay his sentence Thursday, ruling Bannon’s appeal “does not warrant a departure from the general rule” of defendants serving their prison sentence after conviction.
“Inquisitive kid,” Michael Sr. says of his son. “He wanted to know everything.”
Music producer Mike Will Made-It created a transformative sound that led to mega-hits such as Rihanna’s “Pour It Up” and Beyoncé’s “Formation.” Now he’s getting ready to release his first new album in seven years and is building on his success with a real estate portfolio in his native Atlanta.
Zealand Pharma’s shares rose over 17% on Friday, after positive trial results for their new weight loss drug, petrelintide, which reduced body weight by up to 8.6% over a 16-week period. Petrelintide showed potential as a “safe and well-tolerated” alternative to GLP-1 drugs like Ozempic, according to the pharmaceutical company. While mid-stage clinical trials are planned for late 2024, the drug won’t be released or face regulatory approval for several years, as it is still in the early stages of testing.
Automobili Pininfarina created one-of-a-kind ‘Gotham’ and ‘Dark Knight’ versions of their Battista hyper GT ($3.6 million) and B95 hyper Barchetta ($5.2 million) hypercars.
TOPLINE On West 17th Street in Manhattan’s Chelsea neighborhood, a luxury townhouse seems to attract some of the world’s most famous (fictional) billionaires.
While the 11,000-square foot home may look familiar to fans of HBO’s Succession—where it served as the home of Roman Roy—for one week this month the location stood in as the home of Gotham City’s most famous resident: Bruce Wayne.
The sleek apartment was filled with the kind of high-priced toys and gadgets you might expect Batman’s alter ego to own, including the world’s fastest e-bike ($29,995), a military-grade encrypted set of phones ($16,500), and a bespoke Alpange piano ($100,000). Everything in the home had a scannable barcode because everything was available to purchase.
The shoppable showroom was part of Warner Bros. Discovery’s nascent gamble on luxury “retailtainment,” a collaboration with the New York-based marketing firm Relevance International that’s called the Wayne Enterprises Experience. By packing the home with $40 million worth of luxury goods, Batman fans who want to live like Bruce Wayne can make their dream a reality.
Within the first hour of the shopping experience (tours ran three times a day and lasted nearly two hours), actors playing Lucius Fox (the fictional CEO of Wayne Enterprises) and Alfred Pennyworth (Bruce Wayne’s butler) guided visitors across dark, mirrored floors through blue and black sleek Baxter décor, and six-foot-tall cast resin art structures.
Both Relevance International CEO Suzanne Rosnowski and Claudia D’Arpizio, the lead author of Bain’s annual luxury report, say that ultra-high net-worth individuals are looking for “money-can’t-buy” experiences.
“I think it’s going to be the future of retail,” Rosnowski says, although she declined to say how much merchandise was sold during the duration of the event. “Everyone is showing that they have an appetite for this.”
WHY IT MATTERS “While it’s fun to imagine being Batman, you really want to live like his billionaire alter ego Bruce Wayne. This hyper-exclusive shopping experience implies that to live like the billionaire playboy, you’ve got to—on some level—already have his bank account,” says Forbes staff writer Simone Melvin.
“Invite-only ‘retailtainment’ is the future of luxury, according to experts in the field. And it’s worth noting that Warner Bros., a company that has all but mastered the art of the mass-ticketed event, is now looking to get in on the trend.”
MORE How To Donate 80,000 Comic Books—And Get A Marvelous Tax Break
While some on Wall Street shy away from DEI efforts, Goldman Sachs has committed to investing $10 billion as part of its One Million Black Women initiative, aimed at driving economic opportunity and closing the wealth gap for Black women:
$3 billion: Amount of capital Goldman has invested since launching the program in 2021
65%: Share of graduates from Goldman’s free “Black In Business” course who reported increased revenues after six months
$450 billion: How much Goldman Sachs estimates closing the earnings gap for Black women would add to the national economy, along with 1.7 million jobs
Effectively managing conflicts is crucial for maintaining a productive work environment. A recent study from Gartner shows that “57% of managers say they are fully responsible for resolving their direct reports’ conflicts.” How you resolve these situations can significantly impact your team’s success. To excel when there is conflict, use active listening, validate both perspectives, set clear boundaries and practice empathy to foster a respectful and cohesive team environment going forward.
With the 2024 Paris Olympics just around the corner, Sha’Carri Richardson aims to become the first American woman to win Olympic gold in the 100-meter dash since 1996. Which acclaimed U.S. sprinter achieved this feat in 1996?
A. Florence Griffith Joyner
B. Allyson Felix
C. Gwen Torrence
D. Gail Devers
Check your answer.
Forbes’ CFO newsletter will help you keep up with the most important corporate finance headlines. Click here to sign up.
Thanks for reading! This edition of Forbes Daily was edited by Sarah Whitmire, with writing contributions by Tavon Thomasson.