By GLENN THOMAS FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  18:00, 2 April 2024   |  Updated:  19:08, 2 April 2024   
 96
View  comments
Leonardo DiCaprio kicked off his week with a casual lunch outing, sans girlfriend Vittoria Ceretti.
The Academy Award winner, 49, was spotted stepping out Monday at the Beverly Hills Hotel with an unidentified older woman.
He donned a white short-sleeve collared shirt with grey jeans and black and white shoes.
DiCaprio stayed incognito under a black baseball cap, sunglasses and facemask while stepping out of his Volvo.
The Killers of the Flower Moon star previously sparked engagement rumors with Ceretti, 25, when she flashed a ring on an important finger last month. 
Leonardo DiCaprio was spotted stepping out Monday at the Beverly Hills Hotel with an unidentified older woman
He donned a white short-sleeve collared shirt with grey jeans and black and white shoes
Multiple outlets have since reported that there is 'zero' truth to the rumors, noting that Ceretti has owned that ring for a while.
He was first romantically linked to the Italian model in the summer of 2023.
DiCaprio has dated Gisele Bündchen, Bar Rafaeli, Camila Morrone and Gigi Hadid each of whom were notably around 25 or younger when they were linked to the actor.
Former Playmate and Hugh Hefner's widow Crystal Hefner recently compared DiCaprio to the late Playboy mogul after the actor used to visit the Playboy Mansion.
'Leo DiCaprio is turning into the new Hef,' Crystal, 37, recently said on the Carrie and Tommy podcast. 
'The girls are getting younger and I'm like "Oh God, it's a bad look."' she added.
Crystal also recalled that DiCaprio 'hooked up' with Rihanna during his time at the mansion, while she was also in her 20s.  
The actor previously sparked engagement rumors with Vittoria Ceretti when she flashed a ring on an important finger last month
He was first romantically linked to the Italian model, 25, in the summer of 2023
After filming a new movie with director Paul Thomas Anderson earlier this year, DiCaprio was seen getting cozy with co-star Teyana Taylor at a pre-Oscars party last month
'I remember Leonardo DiCaprio and Rihanna hooking up one night,' she said.
'I remember thinking, "That's smart, hook up with each other and then we won't tell anyone," added Crystal.
After filming a new movie with director Paul Thomas Anderson earlier this year, DiCaprio was seen getting cozy with co-star Teyana Taylor at a pre-Oscars party last month.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group