Drake was the talk of social media on Tuesday, and not for the reasons he’s been for most of the summer: Randomly, in the middle of the afternoon, the Toronto MC shared more than 100GB of unreleased content from his past 15 years of making music, titling it, “100GIGSFORYOURHEADTOP.”
These files include several things, such as unreleased songs, unused album cover art concepts, footage of him recording his most iconic songs, and even him playing ping-pong with NBA star Stephen Curry some years ago.
Drizzy shared much of the content on his Finsta account on Instagram.
Like everything the 6 God has done this year, social media had a lot of thoughts on the content Drake randomly decided to share with the world, with some people loving the new content and others criticizing it.
The leak begs the question, why now? While hip-hop fans have belabored the point that Drake lost in his legendary hip-hop battle with Kendrick Lamar, people close to him have shared that he hasn’t been too bothered by the outcome of the beef.
Last week, during an interview with the “Flagrant Podcast,” Yachty spoke about Drake’s headspace since the beef ended, saying, “He didn’t give a f**k, he was genuinely unfazed…That shit didn’t bother him. As he shouldn’t, he’s the f***ing guy.”
It’s naïve to say that he’s unfazed since the most popular song of the summer is calling him a pedophile, but it’s also fair to say that Drake dropped this “100GIGSFORYOURHEADTOP” just because he’s always been the kind of artist that is more open with fans than he should be.
But also, he’s simply just petty. For example, in one of the video files, Drake talks to his mom about the 2016 song, “Too Good,” and shares that the track is about Serena Williams, the same person K. Dot told him not to speak on anymore on “Not Like Us.”
In another file, he shares footage of him and Rihanna rehearsing for a live performance of their popular collaboration, “Take Care.” He takes shots at her baby daddy, A$AP Rocky, on “Family Matters.”
Maybe he just wanted to share another part of himself with his fans, but I highly doubt that was the only reason.