Welcome to Face Value, Highsnobiety’s monthly guide to the best new beauty products and the brands behind them.
It might be summer vacation season, but our favorite beauty brands haven't been taking any time off. This month bore witness to a bevy of buzzy launches across makeup, perfume, and hair care.
From Rihanna's curl-first Fenty Hair products to Pharrell's first fragrance for Louis Vuitton, these are the June beauty drops worth adding to cart.
'Tis the season for lip treatments — every week, it seems, a new mask, gloss, or scrub hits the market. EADEM's Le Chouchou actually lives up to the hype.
The tinted lip treatment adds shine and moisture, yes — as an added bonus, it's also formulated with exfoliating Alpha Hydroxy Acid to help smooth flakiness and peeling. In five sophisticated shades inspired by street snacks from around the world, there's a Chouchou for every mood. 
Rihanna's Fenty Beauty is conquering hair care. Earlier this month, the Bad Gal unveiled Fenty Hair, a range of shampoos, conditioners, and stylers for hair of all types and textures. Of course, Rih kept curls and coils at top of mind — there's a dearth of products specifically formulated for natural hair, but Fenty Hair delivers with offerings like an edge styling tool, an edge control gel, and a curl-defining cream.
Pharrell's first fragrance for Louis Vuitton smells like the sun, a motif the musician-turned-designer often uses as a metaphor for the human experience (fitting for the man behind the hit single "Happy"). 
Indeed, LVRS is an uplifting perfume. With a fresh, sharp opening of bergamot, ginger, and galbanum, the scent dries down to a creamy, subtly sweet blend of sandalwood and cedar. 
It's a beauty tip as old as time: your perfect nude lipstick shade is the color of your nipples. Glossier used this age-old hack as the jumping off point for its new collection of lip liners, formulated in eight true-to-skin tones, ranging from pink-ish mauve to deep chocolate. Each water-resistant pencil delivers rich color payoff and glides on smoothly, making the Lip Line experience wholly satisfying.
When creating his latest scent, Dries Van Noten told perfumer Nicolas Bonneville to "forget everything, take risks, and combine different ingredients together that you would think might never work."
The result is Mystic Moss, a perfume that juxtaposes aquatic notes like salt and algae with edible touches of mandarin and cardamom. It's a fragrant parting gift from Van Noten, who recently presented his final collection for his eponymous brand.
Titel Media GmbH (Highsnobiety), is committed to facilitating and improving the accessibility and usability of its Website, www.highsnobiety.com. Titel Media GmbH strives to ensure that its Website services and content are accessible to persons with disabilities including users of screen reader technology. To accomplish this, Titel Media GmbH tests, remediates and maintains the Website in-line with the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG), which also bring the Website into conformance with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990.
Please be aware that our efforts to maintain accessibility and usability are ongoing. While we strive to make the Website as accessible as possible some issues can be encountered by different assistive technology as the range of assistive technology is wide and varied.
If, at any time, you have specific questions or concerns about the accessibility of any particular webpage on this Website, please contact us at accessibility@highsnobiety.com, +49 (0)30 235 908 500. If you do encounter an accessibility issue, please be sure to specify the web page and nature of the issue in your email and/or phone call, and we will make all reasonable efforts to make that page or the information contained therein accessible for you.