For the beauty buffs among us, finding a gift set is a great way to test out some major-branded products without the price-tag.
Luckily, Boots is currently offering its mammoth January sale with hundreds of products slashed in price. This includes a five-star rated beauty haul from the Rihanna-owned beauty brand, Fenty Beauty.
The Fenty Beauty Quench & Pop 4 Full Size Piece Beauty & Skin Set is worth an impressive £105 overall, but has been slashed to just £42 in the retailer's weekly Star Gifts offer. This means that shoppers can save themselves an impressive £63 off the RRP.
Included in this Fenty Beauty haul are four of the cosmetic companies most iconic products, all of which are full-sized. However, as this is a limited edition gift set, you might want to be quick, as it will only be available while stocks last.
One of the absolute must-haves for any beauty buff included in this Fenty beauty gift set is the iconic Gloss Bomb in shade Cheeky. Worth an impressive £18 alone, this universal lip luminizer has become beloved for its non-sticky formula that provides the finishing shine to your lips.
Boasting a 4.5 rating online, it is the highest rated product included in the Fenty Beauty gift set, with one shopper saying: "Have the shade Fu$$y and it has to be the best gloss formula i have ever tired. Makes my lips look fresh, juicy and plumped. Could not recommend this enough and is my new go-to lip product."
A second said of the lip gloss: "OMG - these are just soooo good! I have the Fenty Glow & Fu$$y shade and wow - hydrating, luscious and long lasting! defiantly universal and will suit ANY complexion and no need for a lipliner or lipstick!"
Join the Daily Record's WhatsApp community here and get the latest news sent straight to your messages.
Another hero product is Fenty Beauty Full Frontal Volume, Lift & Curl Mascara. Costing £23 when bought on its own, this volumising mascara was the winner of the 2021 International Elle Beauty Awards - and it seems shoppers also love it.
With its dual-sided brush, this full fontal mascara immediately lifts and volumises your lashes for an all day effect that is said to be "clump free". Many beauty buffs have said that "is is worth every penny".
Looking to incorporate peptides into your skincare routine? Then we know the essential first step.
It's Boots' brand new No7 Future Renew Peptides Cleanser - and it can be bought for £10 less. Worth £24.95 for a 150ml bottle, shoppers can use the code REVERSE10 to reduce the price to under £15.
Using No7's Pepticology, it boasts a "purifying" formula that can remove daily build-up of environmental pollutants, makeup, excess oil and other impurities, all while making sure your skin is not stripped of its moisture.
It also boasts other powerhouse ingredients such as vitamin C and niacinamide that work together to help your skin feel, not just fully clean, but also nourished, visibly renewed and brighter.
However, if you're keen on No7's latest addition, then the Peptide Cleanser has already amassed a 4.5 and 90 percent approval rating from Boots shoppers who have hailed it as "creamy" and "the cleanser of dreams".
One beauty fan praised: "Absolutely loved the formula of this product. It’s creamy texture removed all make up leaving my skin feeling silky soft and glowing. The results were visible in days and I’ve had so many compliments. I love this product so much."
While someone else added: "This is the cleanser of my dreams. Absolute perfection. It has a thick creamy texture that just glides over the skin. It removed all my makeup including waterproof mascara and it didn’t leave my skin feeling stripped of all moisture.
"I couldn’t detect any fragrance which I loved. My skin felt soft and nicely hydrated after using it. I will be buying this again and again once I use this one up."
Get £10 off the new No7 Future Renew Peptide Cleanser (150ml) by using the REVERSE10 when shopping online here.
Also included is the pore-refining Fenty Skin Fat Water Niacinamide Pore-Refining Toner Serum, which is on offer for £19.33, down from its usual £29 when bought on its own. Lastly, the Hydra Vizor Mineral SPF Moisturizer, worth £35, will provide you with all day lightweight hydration and sun protection.
The Fenty Beauty Quench & Pop 4 Full Size Piece Beauty & Skin Set is available to buy as part of Boots' Star Gifts for £42 here.
Other beauty deals we have recently spotted include this Show off Your Glow Makeup Gift Set, worth £145, for just £41.40 from Debenhams. Meanwhile, M&S has slashed 30 percent off the Pixi Glow Trio, which is now £21.70.
Don't miss the latest news from around Scotland and beyond. Sign up to our daily newsletter here.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.