The rapper previously performed alongside Snoop Dogg, Mary J. Blige, Dr. Dre, Eminem, and 50 Cent at Super Bowl LVI.

							By 

	DeMicia Inman

Staff Writer, News

Update: 10:19 p.m. PT (Feb. 6, 2025) – A lot has happened since the original imaginative set list for Kendrick Lamar‘s Super Bowl LIX halftime was published. In the time being, the Compton rapper has dropped a brand new album, won 5 Grammy Awards for “Not Like Us” and confirmed SZA would be joining him on the field at the big game. 

Additionally, a cryptic message from Ab-Soul and details from K. Dot himself have added to the layered mystery of what the 37-year-old will pop out and perform. 

“Storytelling,” noted Kendrick Lamar to Ebro Darden and Nedeska Alexis on Thursday (Feb. 6) during a live interview on what viewers should expect from his showcase. Per Complex, he noted his preparation included two-mile runs, push-ups, and listening to the Isley Brothers.

With all that said, the dream setlist needs updating. Keep scrolling for the original predictions and five additional tracks the Hip-Hop icon brings to New Orleans for Super Bowl LIX.

Original story below.

	– –

	On the first NFL Sunday of the 2024-2025 season (Sept. 8), Kendrick Lamar was announced as the performer for the upcoming Super Bowl LIX Halftime Show. The news, shared by a teaser video across media platforms by Roc Nation and the Compton-bred rapper, comes after an eventful yet so far albumless year.

	“What the deal, everybody? My name’s Kendrick Lamar and I’ll be performing at Super Bowl LIX,” revealed the Pulitzer Prize-winning rapper in the Dave Free-directed clip. 

	“Will you be pulling up? I hope so. You know it’s only one opportunity to win a championship. No round twos […] I wouldn’t want you to miss it. Meet me in New Orleans. February 9th, 2025. Bring your best dress too, even if you’re watching from home.”
A post shared by Kendrick Lamar (@kendricklamar)

	The upcoming national championship marks the sixth time the globally lauded halftime performance is co-directed by JAY-Z as the live music entertainment strategist for the league. Since 2019, the Brooklyn rapper has worked alongside the league and co-director Hamish Hamilton bringing chart-topping acts to the field.

	“Kendrick Lamar is truly a once-in-a-generation artist and performer,” explained Hov of K-Dot’s selection. “His deep love for Hip-Hop and culture informs his artistic vision. He has an unparalleled ability to define and influence culture globally. Kendrick’s work transcends music, and his impact will be felt for years to come.”

	While we would love a set of K. Dot’s deep cuts, mixtape standouts, and lyrical collaborations, the event is ultimately a party. Read below for eight Kendrick Lamar songs we hope are included in his headlining Super Bowl LIX Halftime show.

If the acclaimed rapper decides to drop an album in the meantime before next year’s big game, however, this dream could be differed. 

	Opening his Super Bowl LIX halftime show with “wacced out murals” would be perfect. The dramatic intro from Deyra Berrera and cinematic production set the tone for a big moment, which Kendrick Lamar delivers lyrically. The track addresses the controversy surrounding his appearance at the big game, as well as the love he received since the announcement and his ongoing feud with Drake. 

	“Luther” should definitely be in Kendrick Lamar and SZA’s Super Bowl LIX halftime show. The song, which samples Luther Vandross and Cheryl Lynn’s “If This World Were Mine,” might stand as the strongest showcase of the chemistry between the two musicians. Featured on the rapper’s GNX album, the song allowed Kendrick Lamar to replace himself at No. 1 on Billboard’s Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart.

	Sprinkling in their latest collaboration “30 For 30” featured on SZA’s LANA SOS Deluxe album would be an additional treat.

	Of course, Super Bowl LIX is in New Orleans but would it be a Kendrick Lamar show if he didn’t represent his hometown? “Dodger Blue” featuring Wallie The Sensei,  Siete7x,  and Roddy Ricch is the perfect moment to pay homage to Los Angeles while on the national stage. It would be a bonus if he brought along the musicians who join him on a track to have a moment in the spotlight.

“Squabble Up” is the perfect song to dance to the Super Bowl halftime show is ultimately one giant party. The record, produced by Sounwave, Jack Antonoff, and Ruchaun “Scott Bridgeway” Akers, provides the chance for the dancers likely joining Kendrick Lamar on stage to have a moment and simply get their sh*t off.

	Besides the opportunity for every household, party, and other event hosting watch parties to scream “Mutarddddddddddd” in unison, “TV Off” is the perfect high-energy track to keep everyone on their feet. With a catchy hook and infectious outro, the song would be the perfect addition to the live show.

	After the Halftime show is officially announced, a quick, yet sharp blow of a referee’s whistle directs attention to the 50-yard line where a group of background dancers form a line around Kendrick Lamar. Holding the microphone he menacingly announces “Every time I’m in the street I hear…” allowing the crowd to finish the energetic opening (cutting out the gangs referenced in the first line) and setting the tone for an unforgettable performance.

	Kendrick is wearing a black hoodie, black pants, black sneakers, and black sunglasses. Heavy chains dangle over his collar, accentuating the quiet luxury of the designer ensemble with no visible logos or labels.

	The performance continues with the Southern University and A&M College Human Jukebox band taking the field, playing the instrumental as the performers transition to the next song.

	A radio-friendly lyrical edit of “Bi**h, Don’t Kill My Vibe” is the perfect song to keep the momentum in the stadium. As “M.a.a.D. City” fades out, the stadium lights cut and flash back on to highlight Kendrick Lamar under a spotlight, where he emotes the song’s lyrics to an energetic crowd. The remaining lights fade back on to fully light the venue as the repetitive hook blares with the entire audience singing along.

	After Kendrick performs the first verse, the hook repeats, allowing the dancers and band to flex their respective skills as Kendrick Lamar moves from the front of the performance area to the middle, transitioning to the next track. 

	As K. Dot moves to the back of the field, attention shifts to his new position, now standing on a platform. An opening makes room for Rihanna in an all-black, sequined number, to join Kendrick Lamar and the band on the field for a performance of their Grammy-winning collaboration “LOYALTY” from the Compton rapper’s DAMN album. The two musicians perform their back-and-forth verses, with minimal choreography but definite chemistry.

	The track is the time for The Fabulous Dancing Dolls to shine, moving forward and delivering sleek, sharp choreography to the syrupy beat. 

	“DNA” and “HUMBLE” are blended into the performance with Rih remaining on stage, as Kendrick rings out the hook over the overlapping songs before the official next track begins.

	The familiar scream at the beginning of “King’s Dead” blares throughout the stadium and in the commotion, Rihanna exits the field as Kendrick Lamar is joined by Future and Jay Rock. Kendrick starts with the chorus and leaves his collaborators to perform their respective verses and hype the crowd as the band plays while he sneaks off for a quick outfit change.

	It’s time for Kendrick to show off his moves. While “Rich Spirit” might not be as mainstream as other songs on this list, the track boasts the rapper’s subtle yet undeniable confidence and awareness of self. Still accompanied by the band, this song is Kendrick Lamar‘s moment to have fun, freestyling dance moves and catching a vibe in front of a global audience. 

	Future, Jay Rock, and The Human Jukebox exit the field as the lighting shifts upward. Kendrick floats down on an elevated platform with a jazz band and background vocalists, shifting to “King Kunta.” He sits on a throne reciting the hook and once the platform stops moving, he stands to perform the track’s third voice, and ending with a guitar break as the vocalists repeat, “We want the funk.”

	The 37-year-old’s new stagewear is white. A sheer top with oversized pants and white sneakers. The diamonds in his chains still dance under the production lighting, however, this time he also sports a white Los Angeles fitted cap with the logo accentuated by crystals and jewels.

	The Human Jukebox reenters the field and an assortment of dancers as pyrotechnics enhance the magnitude of the performance. Kendrick Lamar performs the first verse and is joined by Pharrell Williams for the repetitive “We Gon’ Be Alright” chant in the hook. After the 8th count, all lights are shut off in the stadium for the final track.

	In the pitch-black stadium, a drone light show spells out the phrase “I see dead people,” as the opening to “Not Like Us” echoes through the speakers. The lights return and Kendrick Lamar is in a custom jersey, representing Compton and center to the band and dancers as the anthem plays the hook twice to begin. 

	Kendrick gets into the third verse which is arguably the cleanest in the song (and easiest on Drake) before having the audience chant the hook to close. 

	The drone lighting displays LA for both Los Angeles and Louisiana as the music fades out and all performers exit the field.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.