EW captured Swift dancing in the crowd during the rapper's performance on Saturday.
Sydney Bucksbaum is a writer at Entertainment Weekly covering all things pop culture – but TV is her one true love. She currently lives in Los Angeles but grew up in Chicago so please don't make fun of her accent when it slips out.
 Even if Taylor Swift wasn't on the Coachella 2024 lineup, Saturday still became Coachella (Taylor's Version).

 A week before the release of her highly anticipated new album,The Tortured Poets Department (out April 19), the "Is It Over Now?" singer took time out to support her friends Jack Antonoff and Ice Spice, showing up to dance at both their Coachella sets. But Ice Spice gave her fans gathered at the Sahara stage something they never expected when she began playing her remix of Swift's song "Karma."

Kevin Mazur/TAS23/Getty
 "Shout out to Taylor motherf---ing Swift!" Ice Spice yelled. "I love you!"

 Then, as the song began playing, Swift, who was with her boyfriend, Travis Kelce, in the crowd, cheered and put her hands up. Swift and Kelce danced together as Ice Spice launched into her version of "Karma."

 Watch our video of the moment below.

 Swift has never performed at the Indio, Calif. music festival herself. She has attended once before, but just as an attendee, in 2016. The star dubbed her first Coachella experience "BLEACHELLA," revealing her new bleach-blonde bob and rocking a lightning bolt jacket in support of her then-boyfriend Calvin Harris, referencing his collaboration with Rihanna, "This Is What You Came For." Fans later learned that Swift actually co-wrote the song under her pseudonym, Nils Sjoberg.

 Swift and Ice Spice's friendship began when they worked together on a remix of Swift’s "Karma," released in May 2023. Swift said she was a "massive fan" of the "Think U the S--- (Fart)" rapper (real name: Isis Naija Gaston), and then Ice Spice joined Swift on stage during the New Jersey stop of her Eras Tour later that month. They have since been spotted together at events including the 2023 MTV Video Music Awards and the 2024 Super Bowl, where they celebrated Kelce's win with the Kansas City Chiefs.

 Not attending the fest in person? Catch all the 2024 Coachella acts you'll want to see in real time on its official livestream.

 Sign up for Entertainment Weekly's free daily newsletter to get breaking TV news, exclusive first looks, recaps, reviews, interviews with your favorite stars, and more.

 Related content

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)