The makeup product is coming soon in 10 shades.

							By 

	DeMicia Inman

Staff Writer, News

Rihanna has something new up her sleeves with Fenty Beauty.  

	The billionaire mogul continues to expand the cosmetic company’s product line with two new lip products, due this month. Most anticipated for fans of Fenty Beauty, the Trace’d Out lip-liners finally have a release date. 

	“Oh y’all wanted a lip liner?” questioned the brand on Instagram. The caption continued, “Introducing… Trace’d Out Pencil Lip Liners. Y’all demanded a long-wearing, rich lip liner that doesn’t drag or feel dry and @badgalriri delivered,” adding “Forgive us for being late,” and “Sorry to the ops!”

	Described as lasting up to 8 hours and resisting transfer, feathering, and fading​​, the Trace’d Out liner is available globally on Friday (July 12) on the official Fenty Beauty website, as well as at Ulta and Sephora. The 10 debut shades are listed as follows: The MVP, blue-red; Riri, rose mauve; Thugz Blush Too, dusty rose; Satin Panty, warm peachy pink; Pnut Butta, light beige; Rubbabandz, warm tan; Extra Thigh, cool brown; I Woodn’t, neutral brown; Brown’d Out, rich brown; and Coal Blooded, black brown.

	









A post shared by Sephora (@sephora)

	In addition to Trace’d Out, Fenty Beauty is also set to release the new Gloss Bomb Stix on the same date. The formula is described as being made with Squalane, which is “primarily useful for skin hydration,” according to dermatologists featured in Byrdie. The lipgloss sticks, which also include shea butter and vitamin E, come in shades familiar to the the Fenty family: Hot Chocolit, RiRi, Fenty Glow, Is It Fu$$y,  and The MVP. 
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					A$AP Rocky Describes The Polar Opposite Personalities Of His And Rihanna's Children		
			







	Blaz’d Donut, Two’Lip Kiss, High’Biscus, Sorta Selfi$h, and Sp’Iced Cold, also join the lineup of shades.
A post shared by FENTY BEAUTY BY RIHANNA (@fentybeauty)

	The new products come as the Grammy-winning singer expanded her empire with Fenty Hair earlier this year.  Officially launched in June, the product line includes The Gelly Type Strong Hold Gel, The Controlling Type Hair Thickening Edge Control Gel, The Homecurl Curl Defining Cream, and more. 

	For fans awaiting new music from the “Work” chart-topper, there may be hope. Last month, Bad Gal Riri gave an update on her music studio efforts after being spotted in an outfit signaling her retirement.

	“That was just me looking into the future. I’m not retired. I just like that dress. I got it as a gift and I loved it. They didn’t read the second line. I’m not retired, I’m just retired from dressing up — it’s a lot of effort,” explained the mother of two. 

	










	She later continued to detail, “Now I’m prepared to go back into the studio. Now I’m prepared. So I’m gonna start.” 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.