Right now actress, producer & hottie Eva is holding strong at 49 and right now she inspires our peek at pop culture, community news and top headlines.
Check TKC news gathering . . .
From gymnasts to trapshooters, these Kansas City area athletes are taking their talents to the 2024 Paris Olympic Games.
With a busy election season coming up, the League of Women Voters in Kansas City will be hosting a series of forums.
Anne Peterson is back at KCTV5 after her induction into the Missouri Broadcasters Association Hall of Fame!
How did the Chiefs end up with one of the most recognizable fan-assisted Anthem endings in all of sports?
Port KC is bringing back the greatest vegetation snackers of all time - goats - to help tackle a project along the Missouri River.
Professional commitments took a backseat as Eva visited a picturesque Spanish beach with her family on Sunday afternoon.
A staggering 24 hours that cracked the political foundation of Joe Biden's reelection bid leave him facing the most high-pressure presidential news conference in modern history on Thursday.
Board calls Trump 'a chilling choice against this national moment' days before Republican national convention
Former President Barack Obama was given a heads-up but didn't object to Oscar-winning actor George Clooney's bombshell call for President Biden to drop out of the 2024 race, a new report says.
Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez (D-N.Y.) on Wednesday introduced articles of impeachment against Supreme Court Justices Clarence Thomas and Samuel Alito, citing their "pattern of refusal to recuse" themselves from matters to which they are connected and their "failure to disclose" millions of dollars in gifts over decades.
The House has passed a bill requiring proof of U.S. citizenship for voter registration. It's legislation Republicans have prioritized as an election-year talking point even as research shows noncitizens illegally registering and casting ballots in federal elections is exceptionally rare.
The militant group's leader says "the only way" to stop the hostilities across the Lebanon-Israel border is to negotiate an end to the fighting in Gaza.
China has accused NATO of seeking security at the expense of others and told the alliance not to bring the same "chaos" to Asia.
The missiles will be deployed periodically from 2026 for the first time since the Cold War.
In March, Asia's richest man Mukesh Ambani threw a three-day prenuptial bash for his son that included a 1,200-person guest list, including former world leaders, tech tycoons and Bollywood's megastars, and a performance by renowned singer Rihanna.
The company behind the franchise EA Games announced last month that a free update was coming out on July 25 - and it will allow characters to date multiple people simultaneously.
The Kansas City Royals will take the field . . .
Almost a year to the date since the last win was revealed, KC Chiefs QB Patrick Mahomes is the ESPY winner for Best NFL Player of 2023-24.
This season, the Kansas City Chiefs will honor her life and legacy on game days.
"We have been looking for a second location in the Brookside/Waldo area for several years now . . . It's a perfect match for us and our brand."
Dangerous heat returns by the start of next week
Hues Corporation - Rock The Boat is the #TBT song of the day and this is the OPEN THREAD for right now.
TKC COMMENT POLICY:Be percipient, be nice. Don't be a spammer. BE WELL!!!- The Management