Bye-bye, blonde!
Getty
 Rihanna is already saying goodbye to her honey-blonde hair—and hello to pink—ahead of the 2024 Met Gala. 

 Less than 48-hours before she's due to the hit the museum steps on Monday, the Fenty Beauty founder debuted a new electric pink dye job in Miami over the weekend while supporting her partner A$AP Rocky's new Puma collaboration (see photos here). For the occasion, she sported a slinky black silk dress with an off-the-shoulder silhouette and corseted waist and accessorized with her luscious pink locks, which were styled in glossy, extra-bouncy waves. 

 Her hair matched her makeup of flushed cheeks, petal-pink lips, and soft rose-colored eyeshadow, while a bright red manicure finished off her beauty look. 

Getty
 It's unclear if Rihanna's pink hair has anything to do with what she's wearing to the Met Gala, but just last week, she hinted that while her outfit might be low-key, her glam would be the real head-turner of the evening. "I'm actually keeping it real simple this year...very simple," the "Umbrella" singer said of her look while speaking with Extra at the launch event for her new Fenty Beauty Soft'lit Foundation.

 She added, "I think it's gonna come to what my makeup and what my hair is going to do. We wanna play with that, but I have no idea what I'm gonna do with that."

Getty
 For context, the theme for this year's Met Gala exhibit is "Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion" and the dress code is "The Garden of Time," inspired by J.G. Ballard's 1962 short story of the same name. And if you ask us, Rihanna's hair is already coming up roses.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)