Taylor Swift has visited Ireland and mentioned the country in her lyrics, and also has some genealogical links to the Emerald Isle.
The US singer-songwriter, 34, will play three dates in Dublin from Friday as she takes her record-breaking Eras Tour to the Irish capital.
Swift went on holiday to Co Wicklow in July 2021 with her former partner, British actor Joe Alwyn, who was filming Sally Rooney’s Conversations With Friends in Ireland that year.
She referred to their trip in Sweet Nothing, which was on the 2022 Midnights album.
A post shared by Taylor Swift (@taylorswift)
The romantic piece recalls a pebble she picked up from the beach and how she finds herself “running home to your sweet nothings”.
The lyrics also say: “We almost forgot it (the pebble). Does it ever miss Wicklow sometimes? Ooh, ooh.”
Later that year she went to Belfast’s The Tipsy Bird, and the bar had a photograph of the Bad Blood singer looking relaxed and smiling with some of the staff.
Musician Tiernan Heffron, who was playing a gig at the venue, also shared a photo with Swift, saying: “Its not everyday @taylorswift walks into your gig and stays for your whole three-hour set.
“She was the most lovely person! She asked how she could follow what I was doing and gave me a tip! Dreams do come true, ready and excited for what’s to come .”
A post shared by EPIC The Irish Emigration Museum (@epicmuseumchq)
The couple had also visited Co Limerick’s Glin Castle, which is owned by The Crown actor Dominic West and his wife Catherine FitzGerald, in December 2018.
Alwyn posted a photo of him walking in Glin, the day after Christmas, as the couple spent the festive season together.
Other connections include her links to the Northern Irish city of Derry.
The Irish Emigration Museum says this is through Susan Davis, a dressmaker, and Francis Gwynn a weaver, who emigrated from the city in 1836 to Philadelphia, in the US, where they married.
One of their six children, Mary, became Swift’s great-great-grandmother, according to the museum.
The museum’s chief executive Aileesh Carew said: “In tracing Taylor Swift’s roots back to 1836, (the museum) Epic exemplifies its vital role in preserving the rich tapestry of our past, ensuring that each individual thread contributes to the vibrant narrative of our collective history.
“As audiences prepare to witness Taylor’s performances in Ireland, we invite visitors to visit and experience the moving and unforgettable stories of those who left the island of Ireland, and how they influenced and shaped the world.”
Derry mayor Lilian Seenoi-Bar invited Swift to the city, but has not yet received a response.
The museum also said her great-great-grandfather, George Findlay, hailed from Dublin.
The museum is running a Swift tour, which will end on Thursday, and says it will showcase her roots, with references to William Butler Yeats’ poems in her music.
It also says it will look at how the Aran wool jumper, worn by Swift, has been used by other musicians who have Irish roots, like British singer Ed Sheeran and Barbadian star Rihanna.
Sheeran has links to Co Wexford, and is a friend of Swift, having collaborated on the song Everything Has Changed, while Rihanna and Calvin Harris’s song This Is What You Came For was written by the US singer.

                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.