By
			
			Justin Smith		

There are a dozen reasons why we aren’t getting a ninth Rihanna album, but the most relatable is that she’s too busy watching Bravo. She’s been a vocal fan of all things Bravo, and according to Chanel Ayan, the billionaire pop star accidentally caused some drama on Real Housewives of Dubai. According to Ayan, a DM from Rihanna is part of what fueled her feud with Lesa Milan.
Chanel Ayan is shedding more light on her feud with Lesa Milan — and how Rihanna unknowingly caused drama for the former “Real Housewives of Dubai” besties.
Ayan spoke to Page Six on their Virtual Reali-Tea podcast about how Rihanna caused a rift between her and Lesa. She explained how she first met Rihanna way before RHODubai. When Rihanna brought the Fenty Beuty brand to Dubai, Ayan recalled being hired as a model. Then, years later when RHODubai premiered, Ayan finally got the follow back she had been dreaming of. that’s one of the many perks of being a Housewife.
Unfortunately, Lesa wasn’t lucky enough to score the coveted follow-back from Rihanna, so allegedly, she asked for a favor. Rihanna was pregnant at the time, and she wanted Ayan to reach out to the superstar to see if she’d be interested in promoting her Mina Roe maternity line.
Ayan recalled, “Lesa asked me, ‘Do you mind if you reach out [for] Mina Roe for me?’”
Without hesitation, she dropped into Rihanna’s DMs to gauge her interest in Lesa’s maternity clothes. However, she started having second thoughts when she realized she had already sent a previous DM asking for advice about Ayan Beauty. Rihanna hadn’t replied. Obviously, it’s not a good look to be double-messaging an A-lister asking for favors.
“Everyone was like, ‘Ayan, you cannot ask her so much. You just met her,’” Ayan explained.
“I did send the DM. I did show [Lesa] that I sent the DM because she kept asking, ‘Did she read it? Did she read it? Did she read it?’” Ayan continued. “And then my friends were like, ‘Ayan, you cannot. You just asked her about Ayan Beauty.’”
Ayan ended up deleting the message before Rihanna read it, which didn’t land well with Lesa. She teased that there’s something even bigger and “deeper” happening between them at the upcoming RHODubai finale that put the nail in the coffin of their friendship. Still, she expressed some hope about a reconciliation at the reunion.
“She’s like family to me. You don’t throw your family away,” Ayan explained. “You just don’t.”
The Real Housewives of Dubai continues on Bravo, Tuesday nights at 9/8c.
TELL US – DO YOU THINK LESA CROSSED A LINE BY ASKING AYAN TO DM RIHANNA? WOULD YOU HAVE DELETED THE MESSAGE IF YOU WERE AYAN? 
Justin Smith has been on the internet writing and cackling about celebrities and reality TV since 2016. You can find him in St. Louis binging old seasons of Real Housewives of New York City with his two black cats, Jinx and Hex.
Share article