When it comes to beauty, one of our go-to gals for product recommendations is Molly-Mae Hague. The former Love Island star is known for her incredible array of beauty products, and she’s always happy to share her go-to skincare and makeup with followers along with her opinions of them. 
 When asked by one fan which foundation she uses, Molly-Mae shared a snap of the Triclone Skin Tech Medium Coverage Foundation with Fermented Arnica,  £42 here, from Lady Gaga’s Haus Labs, saying: “Shade 230 light medium cool.” She also added: “The longest I’ve stuck with a foundation for! AMAZING” before tagging the brand. 
The product combines makeup and skincare into one skin-friendly medium coverage foundation that gives long-wearing performance whilst taking care of your skin underneath. It contains more than 20 different skincare ingredients, including HAUS LABS' patent-pending Fermented Arnica which helps reduce redness and irritation, even out your skin tone and protect your complexion from environmental stressors.
Thanks to its impressive skincare-rich ingredients list, it's also great for all skin types, so even if you’ve got super sensitive skin or are prone to acne breakouts, it’ll help replenish and restore your skin whilst covering up imperfections. It also has a serum-like texture that’s weightless on your skin and leaves you with a second-skin finish whilst still blurring and smoothing your base for a natural finish.
The medium coverage is also buildable, so you can layer it to get the finish you want, and lasts all day with no caking, creasing or slipping. The lightweight texture means it's easy to apply, too, and you can use a brush, beauty blender or your fingers and still get an even coverage.
Shoppers have also been leaving glowing reviews for the foundation, with one saying: “The hype is beyond real. to say that this foundation is gorgeous is actually an understatement, such a lightweight formula it feels like there’s literally nothing on your skin, the coverage is absolutely stunning but it still looks like skin. ‘Your skin but better’ put into a bottle. 10/10 I highly recommend!”
Another said: “Incredible formula, literally feels weightless and like a second skin but gives incredible coverage. Looks absolutely beautiful, dewy and healthy. I occasionally mix with Luminous Silk by Giorgio Armani and the combination is unlike any other foundation.”
 However, some found that it clung to particularly dry or oily patches on their skin, with others complaining it didn’t give the coverage that they’d hoped for. In her Instagram post, Molly-Mae also suggested some other foundations she went back to time and time again, including the Armani Luminous Silk,  £36.80 here  (was £46), which is known to be a favourite amongst A-listers like Kim Kardashian, Rihanna and Sydney Sweeney. 
 She also recommended Hourglass Cosmetics’ Veil Hydrating Skin Tint,  £49 here, for a more sheer, lighter coverage, and L'Oréal Paris True Match Liquid Foundation with SPF and Hyaluronic Acid,  £8.79 here  (was £10.99), if you’re after a slightly more budget-friendly option. We love a good celeb-approved recommendation!