I love perfume so much that my personal collection spans two drawers and is honestly getting extremely full. Most days I'm stopped and asked what perfume I'm wearing and I typically have at least three different fragrances on me at any time.
Now that the weather is cooling down it's time for scarves, cosy jumpers and even cosier fragrances. I've noticed that the shift in weather also tends to see a shift from florals to amber, vanilla and spicy scents.
Kayali Vanilla 28 is one of my favourite vanilla scents as it manages to toe the line of sweet and cloying perfectly. So often with vanilla scents, they tip a little too much in one direction and you end up smelling like ice cream.
READ MORE: I unboxed Sentier's advent calendar that contains over £500 worth of fragrances for under £100
READ MORE: I tried Rihanna's Fenty Hair and I'm obsessed with one of the products
It opens up with vanilla orchid and jasmine which is quite a delicate approach to vanilla where we much more often see the bean being the fragrance note. The heart is where we see the sweetness come through with brown sugar and tonka bean - a pairing alongside vanilla that I think always works beautifully, as we see with Bath & Body Works Warm Vanilla Sugar.
The base is really quite reserved with amber, amberwood, musk and patchouli. The amber seems to give the perfume a boozy finish which would make you expect rum to be one of the appearing notes. 
It's mature and decadent without being overpowering, I think it's a versatile all occasions perfume as it wouldn't be distracting in an office or out of place on a night out.
I've had so many compliments when I wear this and I think it's such a classic vanilla that if you're looking for one to add to your collection it should be this one. You can layer it with fragrances that you find could use a touch of sweetness but Vanilla 28 is perfect for autumn all by itself.
I will say that I wouldn't advise spraying this directly onto clothes as it is actually a brown-coloured perfume that could cause some staining - and it gets darker the longer you have it. I've never had any issues with staining as I now apply it directly to my wrists and the only time there was a mark on my white shirt it washed out.
It's not just me that's a fan of the scent though, over on Cult Beauty it's pulled in an average rating of 4.71 from over 361 shoppers.
One shopper said: "Vanilla is a beautiful scent, I thought it may be a more sweet and milkshake-type scent, but this is musky and velvety. Very sexy and demure. 
"I feel that it last a lo g time but probably would not say all day, although I don't spray as much as I see the people do online. Worth every penny, would buy the big size in the next sale."
A second penned: "I literally can never get tired of this scent. I’ve restocked over 10 times and at this point, it’s already my signature scent. Love love love."
A third wrote: "Simple, sweet & plays well with so many different fragrances when layering. I wish it lasted longer but price, I don’t mind reapplying frequently. 
"One of the few fragrances I’m happy to repurchase again and again." Vanilla is one of my all time favourite notes so I've tried it in many different forms over the years, I would say for those looking for more of a natural and earthy vanilla scent then Lush's Vanillary is a great option. 
I first bought it as a teenager in the solid form and have bought it at least three times. At the same time if you're a big fan of smelling sweet then Eilish by Billie Eilish is an excellent choice. 
There's vanilla married up with cocoa that will have you smelling like a dessert, when I've worn it I've got lots of compliments and it's become my dad's go to present for me come birthdays and Christmas.
You can get Vanilla 28 in three different sizes starting at £25, although I'd probably lean towards the 50ml as shoppers main complaint is that they didn't start off with a bigger bottle.