Featured
Submit a story
Tell us your story.
Featured
Submit a story
Tell us your story.
Featured
Submit a story
Tell us your story.


					By: 				

						City AM reporter					

Each week we ask a City figure to take a trip down memory lane. Today, Priya Oberoi, founding general partner at Goddess Gaia Ventures, takes us through her career from carpet seller to business founder
My first job was at Carpet Land – I worked there every weekend for over a year.
I started as a trainee solicitor at Clifford Chance. 
When I was finishing my undergraduate degree at the University of Oxford, I became completely obsessed with forging a career in the City and following in the footsteps of my contemporaries. On a side note, I also used to watch Ally McBeal which definitely influenced my decision to become a lawyer! 
I love the vibe of the City. I find the pressure quite intoxicating and love the excitement of getting deals done and seeing money being made. 
Women only make up 37 per cent of partners at law firms and only 17 per cent of partners are from a BAME background.  I would love to see more women and people from minority ethnic backgrounds in power. Less offer of mentoring – more really exciting job offers! 
It was a lunch that I attended as a trainee solicitor in Moscow in 1999. I cannot say anything more than that!
Always wearing bright colours (my bright red Moschino city suit was my favourite) – not sure how helpful that was in a sea of navy. 
There are two that really stand out. 
Whilst I was working as a lawyer, I was part of the team that pioneered Islamic financing solutions , specifically Islamic Derivatives. We brought to market the first market standard template for the ISDA/IIFM documentation, which now provides the foundation for a $1.2 trillion market.
Now, it is building Goddess Gaia Ventures (GGV) – Europe’s first and only dedicated women’s healthcare fund. I started building GGV in 2021 after a long-held belief that women’s healthcare is greatly underserved and underfunded and post my own battle with cancer. Women’s healthcare is a $1 trillion market TAM  – I’m excited to be building a fund that unlocks this potential and is both impactful and financially lucrative.
Professionally, I look up to powerhouses such as Amanda Blanc and Evelyn Bourke. They have been trailblazers for women in industry. I have also only heard her story recently, but I love Moni Mannings’s ethos behind her company EPOC.
On a personal level, it’s my mum. She’s taught me everything I know. 
I am – investors and innovators are starting to see the market opportunity in women’s health, particularly at the intersection of women’s sport. The tides are turning and it’s exciting to be a part of. 
Annabel’s in Mayfair
Harry’s Bar 
South Kensington 
I’m either at my son’s football match, having lunch at Carluccio’s or attending my son’s friends’ birthday parties.
Ideally, an island in the sunshine where there is no WiFi – so no one can get hold of me!
Favourite book? The Master and Margarita, by Mikhail Bulgakov
Favourite film? The Talented Mr Ripley 
Favourite artist/musician? – Rihanna 
Favourite place in London? – South Kensington Gardens 
Favourite wine? Valpolicella 
Coffee order?  A cappuccino (but only before 11am) 

				Share this article			

					Subscribe to the City AM newsletter to have our top stories delivered directly to your inbox.				

				Follow us for breaking news and latest updates