Jewelry experts call the accessory the "superhero" of earrings.


When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

A pair of hoop earrings is an accessory staple that will never go out of style. Hoop earrings of all kinds (small, medium, large, slim, and chunky hoops) have survived the test of time—they were popularly worn by the ancient Egyptians—but have seamlessly adapted themselves to modern-day style with a dedicated celebrity and fashion following, from Sharon Tate and Diana Ross to Rihanna and Hailey Bieber. Spot a celebrity, and you'll likely find a classic hoop earring offers the finishing touch to their outfit. But like most fashion and jewelry trends, hoop earrings have also evolved over their time in the spotlight. The simple, thin hoops of decades past are now being offered in weightier, chunky hoop styles.
As a fashion writer who wears chunky hoops weekly, I have strong feelings about the accessory and its power to transform a look—and so do jewelry experts, who confirm that a fresh pair of chunky hoops will be a welcome addition to your jewelry box.
A Spring/Summer 2024 Fashion Week guest shows how well chunky hoops pair with an oversized blazer.
According to jewelry and hoop expert Jenny Bird, Founder and Creative Director of her eponymous hoop-focused jewelry brand, this shift in a preference for chunky hoop earrings was most noticeable in early 2021 when interior design and fashion trends favored volume and curves. “A preference in voluminous clothing called for [jewelry designers] to move away from daintier chain necklaces and bracelets and, instead, pivot towards weightier styles, like chunky hoop earrings," Bird explains to Marie Claire.
Jennifer Shanker, founder and CEO of jewelry retailer MUSE x MUSE, refers to chunky hoops as the "superhero" of earrings thanks to their ability to save an outfit. "Their larger-than-life presence adds an instant dose of sass and style, making them the go-to accessory for anyone looking to turn heads and make a statement without saying a word," she notes. Laura Freedman, Founder of Broken English Jewelry, can attest to chunky hoops' versatility. "The good thing about a chunky hoop is that you can wear it with just about anything—casual to dressy, day to night," she explains. The experts agree; look no further than chunky hoops for instant elevation.
Ahead, Marie Claire and our jewelry experts rounded up the best chunky hoop earrings, from everyday gold hoops to statement-making oversized styles. There's a pair of chunky hoops to meet every budget and style.
Chunky hoop earrings are a timeless piece in your jewelry collection. If you want them to last a lifetime, invest in a solid gold pair like these, made from 14k gold, which is the sweet spot between 10k gold and 24k in terms of durability, price, and style. At under $200, this pair is one you can wear day in and day out without worrying about tarnishing. It's the perfect everyday size; reviewers say they feel surprisingly lightweight.
With over 36,000 five-star reviews, this pair from Pavoi is the kind of simple, everyday hoops that are necessary for everyone's collection. They come in four different sizes, including gold, silver, and rose gold, to suit your preference. You can even opt for gold vermeil rather than gold-plated, which I highly recommend for a longevity.
Jennifer Fisher has become synonymous with hoop earrings, with her styles adorning the likes of Jennifer Lopez, Dua Lipa, Emily Ratajkowski, Hailey Bieber, and so many more famous celebs. These Samira hoops come in multiple sizes: gold, silver, and even rose gold. They're a fan favorite for their easy-going, everyday look and high-quality feel.
You'll find plenty of sculptural baubles at Jenny Bird, but the brand's Chunky Doune Hoops stand out for me and are a favorite of Bird herself. She calls them "unique little sculptures of art," and we'd have to agree. These mid-size hoops catch the light from a variety of directions with their subtle curves, making them true attention-grabbers. Hailey Bieber and Audrey Plaza are fans of this specific pair, as am I—you can catch me wearing these at least once a week for a little added flair to my look.
Not every day calls for big statement-making earrings. Sometimes, I like to really have fun with my earring stack by getting creative with huggie hoops or different textures and finishes. I'll start my stack with these chunky huggie hoops. They have just the right amount of thickness to provide a subtle statement but play well with other accessories. This sterling silver pair feels like a lifelong classic, but there's also a gold vermeil option.
These little beauties deliver wearable, lightweight volume in a subtle, high-impact way. They're also the goldilocks of hoops in size—not too small or too big. The best part? These are made from solid gold so feel free to never take these off, even in the shower or working out. Small but mighty, add these hoops to your jewelry collection to elevate your everyday earring stack. 
"Go big or go home" is what these earrings would say if they could speak, coming in at just under 2 inches in diameter. But these hoops won't weigh your ears down and are surprisingly lightweight, according to reviewers. 
When it comes to hoop earrings, Shanker is always on the hunt for standout details, which is why Beck's Scuba Hoop Earrings are some of her favorites. "Beck's is an artist, and even something that's seemingly so simple is crafted with meticulous attention to detail," she says. She adds that these hoops are "as comfortable as your favorite pair of pajamas," making them perfect for everyday wear. And because they are made of 18k gold, they will last you a lifetime.
Freedman tells Marie Claire that she's a "hoop girl" with styles in "every shape and size and every color gold."  Her all-time favorites come from Broken English's in-house line, BE Jewelry. Freedman says these 14k hollow yellow gold "look good on everyone" and can "easily elevate any look." As the jewelry expert mentioned, you can wear these with anything. "If you want to look effortlessly chic, this chunky hoop is the go-to."
I don't know about you, but I love a mixed-metals moment. Rather than trying to determine what metal tone looks most flattering, a combo takes the guesswork out, and it's easier to style pieces when you don't have to match metals. This pair, made by British cool girl Lucy Williams, reimagines the classic hoop earring with a twisted mixed metal design. They also come in a mini size.
Sometimes, life calls for a little something extra. Maybe you've got a birthday party on the horizon, or maybe it's the holidays. Whatever the special occasion may be, these sparkling earrings will add to the drama. The cult-favorite jewelry brand is known for fun with colorful pieces that won't break the bank. At just under $50, these pavé hoops will garner major attention with a wallet-friendly price tag.
Pacharee makes the most regal-looking pearl jewelry. They're ones to watch if you haven't heard of them before. The brand believes in the raw beauty of gemstones and selects natural pearls in their designs to celebrate all of their imperfections. 19th-century mythological paintings inspired these earrings; and with inlaid freshwater pearls, they are their own works of art.
If you're a fan of color, these playful earrings are an obvious accessory choice. With a crystal in every shade of the rainbow, these hoops are sure to inject more fun into your look. I'd use this pair to break up an all-black look and keep them on hand for summer when rainbow accessories feel just right.
A real diamond pair of hoop earrings can easily break the bank, but this pair from Miami-based jewelry brand Artizan Joyeria is the next best thing to the real deal. Made from long-lasting sterling silver (which won't tarnish with the proper care!) and sparkling cubic zirconia, these chunky hoop earrings will add the "It" factor to any outfit. The gems wrap all the way around the hoop, so no matter what angle you're looking at them, you'll still get a hint of sparkle.
When your look lacks that certain je ne sais quoi, turn to a textured pair of chunky hoops like these. They're relatively simple in design but can pack a major punch of style, and with the burnished finish, they give the vibe of a vintage pair inherited from your grandmother. I'd pair these with other gemstone jewelry for a fun textured moment.
Who said chunky hoop earrings had to be one shape? If there's one thing I know about fashion, there are no rules, so have fun with your accessories with this geometric take on the chunky hoop earring. They'll inject even more personality into your look. 
With a celeb clientele including Dakota Johnson, Michelle Williams, and Julianne Moore, it's safe to say Kate Young is a master of accessorizing. All her pieces in her collaboration with jewelry brand Monica Vinader are covetable, but these large hoop earrings stole my heart. With their big, bold, teardrop design, these are the earrings I throw on when I want to make a statement without much work required. 
I'm sure you've seen checkered clothing and checkered handbags, but how about some checkered earrings in a neutral black and gold print? These small beauties are just the right size to wear with everything in your closet. You won't experience any pesky irritation either, thanks to titanium posts, one of the best materials for sensitive skin. 
Jenny is the founder and creative director of her eponymous jewelry brand. A self-taught designer, she started her label with handbags, then applied her modern approach to creating jewelry in 2010, and later to sunglasses in 2022. Her creations emanate from her ability to plug into the zeitgeist and deliver collections that are “in the know”.
Jennifer is the founder and CEO of MUSE, with over 20 years of experience in the fine jewelry industry. She is one of a select group chosen to sit on the advisory council of the Couture jewelry show's exhibitor committee and was recently appointed to the Couture Diversity Action Council, lending her considerable expertise to affect substantive, foundational, and sustainable changes within the jewelry industry. Jennifer’s most defining asset and accolade, however, is something far more intrinsic: a discerning eye. Her eye for good taste and great style informs the unique mix of brands at MUSE’s store in the West Village, not to mention the strategy behind MUSE’s wildly popular Instagram account run by Jennifer herself. Her eye for identifying “win-win” community-driven opportunities led her to create Have a Heart, MUSE’s renowned philanthropic initiative that has raised tens of thousands for numerous non-profit organizations. And perhaps most importantly, her eye for talent has shaped MUSE’s unparalleled client roster of cutting- edge independent jewelry designers including Bea Bongiasca, Nikos Koulis, and Silvia Furmanovich.
Laura developed the eclectic aesthetic that informs her uniquely curated selection of contemporary and vintage jewels from a very early age. Her childhood was divided between the glamour of Las Vegas, where her mother was a showgirl, and the wild beauty of the Zion National Park, where she would spend hours hunting for arrowheads and geodes. "Both places had a hand in sculpting my appreciation for jewelry and gemstones.”With a vision to create a store that felt like an extension of her own home, Laura’s jewel-box boutique quickly grew to include multiple retail locations and a dreamy digital platform, inviting jewelry lovers to explore and shop from the most prestigious collections in the world, from anywhere in the world.
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
Brooke Knappenberger is the Associate Commerce Editor at Marie Claire, where she specializes in crafting shopping stories—from sales content to buying guides that span every vertical on the site. She also oversees holiday coverage with an emphasis on gifting guides as well as Power Pick, our monthly column on the items that power the lives of MC’s editors. She also tackled shopping content as Marie Claire's Editorial Fellow prior to her role as Associate Commerce Editor. 
She has over three years of experience writing on fashion, beauty, and entertainment and her work has appeared on Looper, NickiSwift, The Sun US, and Vox Magazine of Columbia, Missouri. Brooke obtained her Bachelor's Degree in Journalism from the University of Missouri’s School of Journalism with an emphasis on Magazine Editing and has a minor in Textile and Apparel Management.

This bag is a $33,000 flex.


\201cI have to be Disneyland for them."


It's time for an upgrade.


Follow my lead by shopping on-sale styles from SSENSE, Neiman Marcus, and Bergdorf Goodman.


The singer co-signs the Penny Lane and Yeti coat trends.


They might be maximal, but these styles are surprisingly wearable.


Luxury bags, sunglasses, hats, and more to complete your vacation wardrobe.


Stuffed animals are for adults now.


She's making an accessories switch-up.


The model's all-white, off-duty look includes all the pieces she wears most.


The beauty mogul was channeling the excesses of the '80s.


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.