Lots to cover for the late night & early morning as we check pop culture, community news and top headlines for the most dedicated denizens of our blog community.
Check TKC news gathering . . . 
The incident was reported just after 1 p.m. in the area of E. 31st Street and Troost Avenue.
Residents along the street and adjacent areas have complained the narrow unimproved street with no curbs or sidewalks is dangerous for motorists and pedestrians and have cited at least one fatal accident and several injury accidents as evidence for the need for improvements.
A new financing plan bridges a $10.9 million gap for a new bicycle and pedestrian route from the River Market to the Berkley Riverfront.
If you've driven past the Nelson Atkins Art Museum in the past week you've likely seen the road construction to Emanuel Cleaver II Boulevard.
Not a good showing for the first game
Rihanna looked like she was ready to take flight when she unveiled a sizzling winged costume that left little to the imagination during carnival celebrations in her native Barbados.
Vice President Kamala Harris was expected to announce her running mate by Tuesday after conducting interviews with top contenders at her Washington home over the weekend, two sources with knowledge of the matter said.
Former President Donald Trump said in a Q&A last Wednesday that illegal immigrants were taking "black jobs," and he was right.
Several military personnel were injured after a missile hit an Iraq base housing U.S. soldiers, and now the U.S. is stepping in, asking for "all parties" to ease tensions. NBC News' Ellison Barber has the latest on the Middle East as fears of a broader war increase.
Ukraine denies any involvement in northern Mali fighting that led to death of Malian soldiers and Wagner fighters in July
The Southport attack has caused riots to spread across the UK, including Rotherham, Manchester, Liverpool and other UK cities.
The comic made the lewd proposal during a recent episode of his Club Random podcast where he made an off-color suggestion about a show she could host.
Beacon articles have been republished 1,238 times by more than 100 outlets, bolstering local news coverage.
Conditions in Kansas City were hot again on Monday, but relief is on the way
And this is the OPEN THREAD for right now.
TKC COMMENT POLICY:Be percipient, be nice. Don't be a spammer. BE WELL!!!- The Management