by 
	
Cristina Velocci, Taylor Lane, Kristine Fellizar 


	If you purchase an independently reviewed product or service through a link on our website, SheKnows may receive an affiliate commission.

	Now that warmer, sunny weather has finally arrived (at least in our neck of the woods), it’s important to get serious once again about sun protection. While most of us likely apply sunscreen before hitting the park, pool, or beach, it’s equally important to shield yourself from the sun regardless of whether you’ll be spending a lot of time outdoors or not. Unfortunately, even sitting in the middle of traffic can expose you to harmful UV rays. Not to mention, cloudy days can do some damage if you’re not taking the proper precautions. With spring break, festival season, and of course, summer coming fast, there’s no better time to really prioritize daily sun protection than now. 

	




















	Related story



	
	
		
					If You're Not Using Hair Sunscreen, It's Time to Buy Some—Here Are the Best Ones		
	










Best Overall: Sun Bum Daily Body Lotion SPF 50, $23Best Drugstore: Aveeno Protect + Hydrate Body Sunscreen Lotion SPF 60, $13Best High-End: Sol de Janeiro Rio Radiance Body Lotion SPF 50, $40Best For Hands: Fenty Skin Hydra Vizor Hand Cream SPF 15, $22Best Scent: Vacation Classic Sunscreen Lotion SPF 30 + Air Freshener Bundle, $19Best for Sensitive Skin: Versed Total Package Replenishing Body Lotion Mineral SPF 30, $20Best for Achieving Glowing Skin: Cay Skin Isle Glow Body Lotion SPF 45, $38Best Cult-Fave: Shiseido Ultimate Sun Protector Lotion SPF 60, $50



	As a brief refresher, the UV rays which cause skin damage (and skin cancer) are present at all times. Additionally, the American Academy of Dermatology said you should “apply a broad-spectrum, water-resistant sunscreen with an SPF of 30 or higher,” and they do mean every day if possible. 

	Now, you might be thinking to yourself, “Yeah, but I’m not about to wear greasy, shiny, smelly sunblock all day.” Fortunately, you really don’t have to! In fact, you can have protection against the sun and all the skincare benefits of your go-to moisturizer in just one product. Simply swap your regular moisturizer for an SPF-infused body lotion and you’ll reap the same hydrating benefits with a boost of UVA/UVB protection. So, there’s no good reason why you shouldn’t be applying SPF every day. Who knows? You may even like some of these better than your regular body creams and lotions. 

	Now for the fun part. We searched far and wide to find the best body lotions with SPF out there. From Sol de Janeiro to Aveeno, there’s something for everyone. Check those out below. 



		Sol de Janeiro, the brand behind the cult-fave Bum Bum Cream, recently released a brand new body lotion that’s not only moisturizing for your skin, but is also part mineral sunscreen with SPF 50. It even contains skincare ingredients such a niacinamide to help brighten and even skin tone, leaving it with a healthy-looking glow. To top it all of, the scent is the Cheirosa ’87, which has notes of solar tuberose and leite de coco. 	

		If Sun Bum is already your sunscreen brand of choice, consider checking out their Daily Body lotion with broad spectrum SPF 50. In addition to protection against UVA/UVB rays, it contains good-for-your-skin ingredients such as vitamin E and antioxidants. Per the description, it also provides up to 24 hours of moisture. Shoppers who’ve used the lotion themselves were left really impressed. According to one reviewer, it doesn’t feel sticky or greasy, and actually does a good job at keeping your skin soft. 	

		This lightweight, refreshing formula provides plenty of the same skin-loving benefits you’ve come to know and love from the fan-favorite drugstore skincare brand, but with an added bonus of broad-spectrum SPF 60 protection, which will keep you protected from the sun’s harmful rays while also keeping skin looking and feeling its most hydrated. A win-win all the way around, we’d say.	

		No one likes having their body lotion compete with their perfume, which is why this fragrance-free lotion is such a breath of fresh air. In addition to sparing nearby noses from olfactory assault, it takes a two-fold approach to sun protection: Titanium dioxide serves as a physical blocker while vitamin E naturally defends skin against free radicals caused by UV exposure.	

		Vacation’s Classic Sunscreen Lotion is described as a “high performing” broad spectrum SPF that won’t only protect you from the sun, it’ll leave you smelling extra nice as well. In fact, its “world famous” scent is award-winning and features notes of coconut, banana, pool water, pool toys, and swimsuit lycra. With a combination like that, you can’t help but feel ready for spring break. 	

		As far as body lotions with SPF goes, none is more iconic than Shiseido’s Ultimate Sun Protector. This water-resistant face and body lotion offers “invisible” broad spectrum SPF 60 and is sure to keep you protected while you’re out in the heat. It’s great for all skin types, and its formula even includes licorice root extract, which is an ingredient known for helping to soothe breakout-prone skin.	

		Don’t forget the hands! The Hydra Vizor Hand Cream from Rihanna’s Fenty Skin is part hand cream, part “powerhouse” mineral SPF 15 sunscreen. Needless to say, you’ll get the benefits of a hand cream such as skin hydration, smoothing, and softening, while the added benefit of protection against the sun. 	

		If you’ve got sensitive skin, Versed’s fragrance-free Total Package Replenishing Body Lotion may be for you. It’s a lightweight SPF body lotion that delivers both sun protection and hydration. According to the results of a two-week trial conducted by the brand, over 80% of participants said this left their skin feeling “smoother, softer, and more hydrated,” while another said it helped smooth rough and flaky skin. So, not only are you getting an effective moisturizer, you’re getting those added SPF benefits as well. It truly is the “total package.”	

		If you’re like us and love products that just give your skin that extra glow, check out the Cay Skin Isle Glow Body Lotion. It’s described as a “pearlescent” and illuminating sunscreen made to leave all skin tones with a gorgeous “island glow.” It’s also made with ingredients that will provide nourishment for your skin like sea moss, hydrating nectar, and cocoa seed butter. 	

		Body butter and sunscreen don’t exactly seem like they’d go hand-in-hand, but that’s exactly what we have here with Josie Maran’s Whipped Argan Oil Body Butter with SPF 45. With zinc oxide, titanium dioxide, argan oil and white tea, this lotion will revitalize even the driest of skin, while offering protection against the sun’s harmful rays. 	

		This lightweight sunscreen lotion absorbs so fast, you’ll forget you have it on within seconds, but you’ll have peace of mind knowing you’ve got water- and sweat-resistant high-performance protection from the sun’s super harsh rays. Also in the hydrating formula is beta carotene-rich sunflower extract for protection against free radical damage and rosemary leaf extract to calm irritated skin.	

		Lightweight and streak-free, this daily body lotion with SPF 30 will moisturize, soften and protect your skin.	

		This chemical-free tinted sunscreen lotion is perfect for all skin tones and types, giving a healthy glow with protection that’s perfect for days when you’re mostly cooped up inside. Offering light mineral-based sun protection, it’s unscented and won’t leave a white residue on skin, nourishing thanks to a blend of shea butter and essential oils like evening primrose, linseed, lavender, and more.	

		You may balk at its price tag (we even did a double take ourselves!) but this fast-absorbing cream is well worth the splurge. Shea butter offers some of the deepest hydration around while glycolic acid exfoliates dead skin — a potent combo that guarantees supremely smooth limbs.	

		Green beauty buffs, we haven’t forgotten about you: This all-natural option relies on aloe vera, green tea and chamomile extracts to deeply nourish skin the healthy way. It also boasts the most effortless application and least residue we encountered in the category.	

		This “solar defense” broad spectrum SPF lotion helps protect your skin from sun damage that causes wrinkles, dark spots, and sagging.	

		This reef-friendly SPF 50 lotion won’t damage coral and marine plant life – use it the next time you go on vacation. It’s also fragrance-free, making it safe and non-irritating for sensitive skin types.	

		If your skin is particularly prone to burning, this is the protection for you. This lotion is not only lightweight and fast-absorbing, it’s suitable for more than just your arms, ears, chest, and legs. You can rub it on your scalp and hairline, too.	

		While this broad-spectrum SPF 30-based lotion isn’t water-resistant (making it not the best choice for super active days spent in the sun or surf), it is perfect for full protection whether you’re running errands on a sunny day or enjoying an afternoon relaxing outside. The zinc oxide-based formula also contains proven skincare star players like hyaluronic acid and vitamin E to keep skin smooth and hydrated all day long.	

Before you go, check out our slideshow below:

A version of this article was originally published in July 2015.
Comments are closed.
The stories you care about, delivered daily.
SheKnows is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 SheMedia, LLC. All Rights Reserved.