The American designer is tasked with revamping the company's entire portolio. 
Zac Posen, the American designer best known for his glamorous black-tie gowns and costume design, is taking on a new career move as the creative director of Gap. Posen, whose recent work includes Feud: Capote Vs. The Swans, as well as the NYCB, will work with the retailer as a "cultural curator" and "creative partner." He will also serve as the Chief Creative officer at Old Navy. 
"Gap Inc. and its brands have shaped American fashion and pop culture for decades, and there's so much potential at Old Navy. I'm eager to join Gap Inc. as brand reinvigoration kicks up across the portfolio, rooted in great products, experiences, and a new culture of creativity," Posen said in a statement.
The 43-year-old designer experienced a meteoric rise while a student after a dress he made for Naomi Campbell circulated among fashion insiders including actress Paz de la Huerta in 2000. His career took off, and he launched his own label a year after in 2001 and was courted by LVMH the same year after his first runway show. He's become a favorite of celebrities like Natalie Portman, Rihanna, Amanda, Seyfriend, and Naomi Watts. To add on, Posen has created the costumes for performances by the New York City ballet, including Lauren Lovette's Ballet in April 2020, and Tiler Peck's recent choreographic debut. 
  Despite the international acclaim, Posen's own label, House of Z, shut down in 2019 due to bankruptcy. Posen's appointment marks GAP's first executive-level creative lead since 2011, after the departure of Patrick Robinson. 
"I'm thrilled to welcome Zac Posen, one of America's most celebrated designers, at the onset of an exciting new chapter for Gap Inc.," President and CEO of Gap Inc. Richard Dickson said in a statement announcing the news. "His technical expertise and cultural clarity have consistently evolved American fashion, making him a great fit for the company as we ignite a new culture of creativity across the portfolio and reinvigorate our storied brands." 
Isiah Magsino is the Style News Editor at Town & Country. He reports on fashion, interior design, architecture, and philanthropy. He also handles the brand’s modern manners column (Faux Pas, Moi) where he talks about Group Mooches, Plus-One Etiquette, rules of tagging on social media, and more. Before joining Town & Country, he worked at American Vogue in the menswear department while contributing to the brand’s parties and arts section. He’s also written for Vanity Fair, W Magazine, and GQ. 
Perfect Pair of Classic White Denim for Summer
The Resort Wear from ‘White Lotus’ I Wear in NYC
Gap’s Second Collection With Dôen Is Here
The Best Boat Shoes for Those Still on the Fence
The Weekly Covet: Mother's Day 2025 Gifts
An Elevated Leather Tote Perfect for Everywhere
A Clutch Our Editor in Chief Makes Plans Around
Splurge-Worthy Gifts for Women 
The Best Moments from Cruise 2026
The Best Barn Jackets to Wear This Season
The Best Sweaters to Layer Over Your Spring Looks
Shop Lilly Pulitzer x Saint James Breton Shirts
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.