Manage your account
"Hearst Magazines and Yahoo may earn commission or revenue on some items through these links."
Daily sunscreen is a non-negotiable step in your skincare routine, rain or shine. The American Academy of Dermatology recommends a minimum of SPF 30 daily, and reapplying every two hours when you're outdoors. But you already know that, as every dermatologist and skincare expert waxes poetic about religiously applying sunscreen. While remembering to use it daily can feel like a chore, one way to take the guesswork out of applying SPF is finding a two-in-one product, like a moisturizer with sun protection. A moisturizer with SPF makes applying the ingredient more enjoyable, and it's foolproof in protecting skin from sun damage.While there’s a lot of mixed messaging about whether moisturizer with SPF is as effective as using traditional face sunscreen, Karan Lal, a dermatologist in Scottsdale, Arizona, approves of them for daily use when they obtain SPF 30 (or more). Remember: the best facial sunscreen for you is the one you use consistently, and the skincare aisle is brimming with highly rated hybrid formulations that might just become your new go-to.
Eager to find your favorite hybrid formulation? We rounded up the 15 best moisturizers with SPF, perfect for days when you want to streamline your skincare routine.
Few modern sunscreen brands are as fun, innovative, and eye-catching as Supergoop!, and the brand's Triple Prep Weightless Multitasking Moisturizer is no exception. It's rich and thick, yet absorbs quickly. Plus, it contains ectoin, an antioxidant that protects your skin from the blue light emanating from your computer or phone. With both broad-spectrum protection against UVA and UVB rays, this moisturizer keeps you safeguarded from all the elements.
One satisfied customer writes: "This product has become my favorite moisturizer to use as a primer before my makeup. It has the perfect texture to use prior to makeup application. It's heavy and thick but blends into your skin really nicely without leaving a white cast while still providing SPF.
Shop Now
Triple Prep Weightless Multitasking Moisturizer 
Sephora
$48.00
Mineral sunscreens have made significant strides over the years, and many modern formulations leave zero white cast. This mineral tinted crème from MDSolarSciences is one of our favorite tinted moisturizers because it has a silky-smooth texture, a super-sheer tint, and a matte finish that's perfect for hot summer days when a foundation is out of the question. It's also water-resistant for up to 80 minutes, making it a great choice when you're swimming (or sweating) in the heat.
One satisfied customer writes: "This product is a great sunblock plus it goes on so smooth she doesn’t have that sunblock smell to it like most sunblocks. It makes your pores disappear as it goes on with a creamy matte finish it just makes your skin look and feel amazing. No filter on my freshly washed and sunblocked skin."
Shop Now
Mineral Tinted Crème SPF 30 Sunscreen 
amazon.com
$34.00
Kiehl's moisturizer-sunscreen hybrids are cult favorites, and for good reason. One of the brand's most popular options is the Ultra Facial Moisturizer SPF 30, which contains a trifecta of chemical sunscreen, hydrating ingredients (think squalene and glycerin), and protective antioxidants.
One satisfied customer writes: "I have been using this moisturizer for many years and have never found anything better. Full disclosure - I'm a dermatologist. Love everything about this. SPF 30 is a must and many moisturizers only have SPF 15 or 20; this feels good regardless of the humidity or dryness in the air so I can wear year round."
Shop Now
Ultra Facial Moisturizer SPF 30
nordstrom.com
$68.00
Chances are, you've heard of EltaMD because it's a hit among dermatologists and beauty editors alike. Unlike typical sunscreens, it's non-greasy, non-oily, has a barely-there scent, and boasts a silky, lotion-like texture. It's suitable for all skin types–even acne-prone, as it uses niacinamide, which helps your skin from producing too much oil and prevents excess sebum.One satisfied customer writes: "Listen! If you have acne-prone or oily skin, this is literally the best sunscreen out there! It's incredibly lightweight, my face hasn't burned once in the 8 years I've been using it, and it doesn't cause me any skin irritation or aggravate my acne."
Shop Now
UV Clear Face Sunscreen
amazon.com
$43.00
With thousands of five-star ratings, there's no denying this moisturizer with SPF is a solid contender for your next skincare splurge. First and foremost, it smells delightful with a light rose scent. It's also formulated with antioxidants, plumping hyaluronic acid, and — as promised by its name — algae sourced from the Mediterranean coast that deliver both immediate and long-term benefits with regular use.
One satisfied customer writes: "I did not think I would love this as much as I do! The smell is divine, and it absorbs so well into the skin. The spf has no white cast and does not sting at all! I even put this around my eye lids. Luxury in a jar."
Shop Now
Pro-Collagen Marine Cream SPF 30 
amazon.com
$138.00
We get it: Finding a moisturizer that doesn't exacerbate already-oily skin can be challenging. But this one is a fan-favorite among countless people with oily skin because of its oil-free formulation and non-greasy, lightweight texture. But its consistency isn't the only reason its beloved by those with oily skin: it also contains niacinamide (aka vitamin B3), which helps minimize oiliness without drying out your skin.
One satisfied customer writes: "I have an oily face and was concerned it would enhance my oiliness, however it didn’t. It goes on very dry but smooth, but still moisturizing. It also makes my makeup last longer! Worth every penny!"
Shop Now
Toleriane Double Repair Face Moisturizer
Amazon
$24.99
CeraVe Facial Moisturizing Lotion may look unassuming, but its formula has garnered a devoted following over time. As its name suggests, all CeraVe products boast ceramides essential for strengthening your skin barrier, shielding it from irritants, and keeping it moisturized. It also contains oil-regulating niacinamide and hydrating hyaluronic acid, making it a dependable option that doesn't break the bank.
One satisfied customer writes: "This is my go to face SPF lotion. I have been using it for years all year round. It is a great price. It does not feel sticky and adds a nice glow to your face. It is easy to rub in and does not leave a residue on your face. I have never burned from using this product."
Shop Now
AM Facial Moisturizing Lotion with SPF 30 
amazon.com
$14.85
Hyaluronic acid is the ingredient if you're looking to subtly plump skin and diminish the look of fine lines and wrinkles, and this moisturizer uses it as a key ingredient. It also uses pearl pigments that blur imperfections for a more even-toned complexion, sans makeup.
One satisfied customer writes: "Would I consider this the next time I need to repurchase a face sunscreen? Definitely! This fresh moisture version of the Urban Environment sunscreen keeps my skin from feeling dry and I definitely notice the more plumped appearance of my skin shortly after putting it on, without ever feeling greasy or too heavy for sweaty summer weather."
Shop Now
Urban Environment Sun Dual Care™ Fresh-Moisture Broad Spectrum Sunscreen
nordstrom.com
$38.00
Glowy products typically conjure visions of shimmer or sparkle, but this SPF moisturizer leaves skin looking dewy. While it gives your skin an immediate luminous effect, it also brightens skin over time, courtesy of vitamin C–so no need to use a separate serum beforehand.
One satisfied customer writes: "I've been using this for 2+ years and it is definitely my holy grail spf. i don't wear makeup of any sort, plus i am very pale and fair, so this just gives me that healthy, dewy glow i need & a "barely-there" subtle natural look. the texture is almost whipped and has a nice mattifying feel, really easy to apply & sets in quickly."
Shop Now
Defense Essential Glow Moisturizer SPF 30 
dermstore.com
$31.00
Retinol may be a mainstay in your nighttime routine for firming skin and reducing the look of fine lines and wrinkles, but Exuviance makes a case for pairing it with your SPF. This ingenious SPF-infused face cream, which can be used daily, combines retinol with NeoGlucosamin, an ingredient that's said to help even discoloration, for a moisturizer that's both protective and preventative.
One satisfied customer writes: "I get compliments on my skin all the time since I began using about 10 years ago. Back then I had asked a client “WHAT DO YOU USE ON YOUR SKIN?!” She could not say or spell it but sent me a photo of the name. Give it at least a month before the glowing begins. I use the foaming cleanser, toner pads, night and day cream. My skin glows and looks 20 years younger than other women my age. I highly recommend one use the product line and stick with it give it at least three months.
Shop Now
Age Reverse Day Repair SPF 30 Firming Face Cream with Retinol
amazon.com
$87.00
If buying bottles upon bottles of non-refillable skincare products gives you anxiety, it's due time to invest in a refillable product, like this bestseller from Fenty Skin. Rihanna pulled out all the stops with this one. On top of containing hydrating hyaluronic acid and chemical sunscreen agents, it also uses the superstar ingredient niacinamide to even out skin tone and brighten your complexion with consistent use.
One satisfied customer writes: "Where do I begin?! I love Fenty skincare. This mineral SPF has the perfect tint that evens skin tone for a natural, smooth look. I am always looking for more eco friendly products to use, so it’s a huge added bonus that this is a refillable product!! It moisturizes and protects your facial skin. I use it for sunny days when I need SPF, but still want my skin to look transparent and have an even tone."
Shop Now
Hydra Vizor Mineral SPF 30 Refillable Moisturizer
sephora.com
$40.00
This moisturizer has a series of antioxidants, like white tea leaf extract, birch bark extract, and wolfberry fruit extract. They play a crucial role in neutralizing skin-damaging free radicals, making them essential in any anti-aging skincare routine. It also contains hydrating hyaluronic acid, along with both mineral and chemical sunscreen agents for comprehensive UV protection.
One satisfied customer writes: "This product is extremely good. It's moisturizing and helped minimize the appearance of my fine lines. I feel like my skin is better than ever! I apply to damp clean skin and leave on overnight! I'm hydrated the next day like literally glowing."
Shop Now
A Perfect World™ SPF 40 Age-Defense Moisturizer 
nordstrom.com
$54.00
This Lancôme moisturizer-sunscreen hybrid is touted as a three-in-one skincare solution. It primes your face for makeup, hydrates with glycerin, and shields your skin with SPF 60 protection. It's a must-have for makeup enthusiasts because you can forego both primer and moisturizer for a seamless makeup application.
One satisfied customer writes: "I use this product as a primer under my makeup to protect my skin. It doesn't irritate my skin or feel greasy. It is perfect for my super sensitive skin type. I also like that it doesn't leave a residue after applying to my skin."
Shop Now
UV Expert Aquagel Primer & Moisturizer SPF 50
ulta.com
$39.00
If you detest traditional sunscreen formulas, try this option, which is completely weightless, absorbs quickly, and feels undetectable on the skin. It also doubles as a makeup primer and contains the highest SPF factor on this list. (Remember, a higher SPF doesn't always mean better protection; it simply offers a slightly higher level of defense than the baseline of SPF 30).
One satisfied customer writes: "I hate wearing sunscreen because of the consistency and/or the white residue they sometimes have. This one is hydrating and creamy and doesn’t feel like sunscreen while I still get all the protection!"
Shop Now
Ultra transparent Moisturizing Face Serum 
amazon.com
$11.47
Who says your whole body can't reap the benefits of a moisturizer with SPF? This mineral-based formula will not only look chic on your vanity, but also uses skin-softening shea butter, antioxidant-rich vitamin E, and hydrating aloe leaf juice to give skin a healthy glow. Bonus: You can use it on both your face and body.
One satisfied customer writes: “I love the luxurious packaging that make my vanity look nice and chic. Second, after I applied on my skin, my skin feel smooth & glow. I love that it doesn’t leave my skin feel greasy. It’s a best sunscreen that I have used so far."
Shop Now
Mineral Ally Daily Defense SPF 30
bluemercury.com
$42.00
"Moisturizers with SPF are best for daily use, as long as they are SPF 30 and above," Lal says. This aligns with the American Academy of Dermatology's recommendation for daily sun protection. However, if you anticipate spending more than 60-80 minutes outdoors, he suggests using a dedicated sunscreen on top of moisturizer for enhanced protection instead. 
The reality is that true sunscreens have higher SPF levels compared to moisturizers, which often max out at SPF 30. Likewise, sunscreens are often formulated to bear the elements like sweat, whereas moisturizers with SPF are usually not.
Moisturizer with SPF isn't as ideal as traditional sunscreen, but it's a practical choice, especially if it seamlessly fits into your morning routine. Just be sure to apply the amount directed on the packaging to ensure you reap the full SPF protection.
Lal highlights the trade-offs between the two, noting that many sunscreens swap moisturizing properties for specific ingredients needed for UVB protection, so using a moisturizer with SPF is essentially a double-win in terms of protection and hydration.
Moisturizer with SPF offers a convenient compromise for days when your skin is particularly dry or when you don't plan to spend time outdoors. Just remember, moisturizer with SPF isn't a substitute for sunscreen during prolonged sun exposure, and you still need to reapply throughout the day no matter which method you choose. We highly recommend a product like the Supergoop! Refreshing Mist SPF 40 for mid-day pick-me-ups, especially if you're a regular makeup-wearer.
Sadly, there's no answer to which SPF face moisturizer is best because it comes down to personal preference. But to broadly answer the question, the best SPF face moisturizer is the one you'll consistently incorporate into your daily routine. (Some SPF is always better than no SPF.)
However, to maximize its effectiveness, consider your skin type, product preferences, and budget when selecting a moisturizer with SPF. Standout features to look for include broad-spectrum protection against both UVA and UVB rays, a minimum SPF factor of 30, and antioxidants to defend against free radical damage. 
Karan Lal, M.D., is a board-certified dermatologist and the director of cosmetic dermatology at Affiliated Dermatology in Scottsdale, Arizona.
For more than 150 years, Harper’s Bazaar has been the preeminent fashion and beauty resource for women at every age. We cover what’s new and what’s next in beauty by working with the world’s leading authorities in dermatology, plastic surgery, cosmetics, skincare, haircare, and fragrance. Every story we publish has been thoroughly researched and vetted by our team of beauty editors and industry experts.
You Might Also Like
4 Investment-Worthy Skincare Finds From Sephora
The 17 Best Retinol Creams Worth Adding to Your Skin Care Routine