HBweCU
March 8, 2024
11:38 AM
March is all about women. While it’s Women’s History Month, today, March 8, is also International Women’s Day, a time to celebrate the focus on the importance of women’s rights, the power of women's voices, and their inspiring achievements—big and small, past and present. To honor the strength, work ethic, creativity, and just pure existence of Black women, here is a list of 6 entrepreneurs whose accomplishments are allowing the next generation to feel empowered to steadily break barriers.
Joshua Renfroe
Founder of The Creative Collective and CultureCon
Imani Ellis is the founder and CEO of The Creative Collective, a large community and studio dedicated to facilitating spaces for Black and Brown creatives. She is also responsible for the creation of CultureCon. Ellis recently announced “CultureCon on Campus” presented by Max, happening at Clark Atlanta University on Friday, April 12, 2024. Students will have the opportunity to network, join interactive workshops, attend jobs fairs, and more.
Bre Johnson
Founder and CEO of Kendall Miles
Kendall Reynolds is the founder, CEO, and designer of Kendall Miles, a high-quality, luxury footwear that is manufactured and produced in Florence, Italy. The success of this brand was created from a college breakup. Since the launch in 2016, the company’s footwear has been worn by celebrities like Rihanna, Ashanti, Fantasia, Taraji P. Henson, and Kehlani.
Aly Camara
Model and digital content creator 
If you’ve walked into a beauty supply store or Sephora, then you’ve seen Fanta Conte’s face on a few products. She has modeled for companies like Juvia's Place, Danessa Myricks Beauty, Outre and more. Conte is also a digital content creator who gives her Instagram and TikTok followers the inside scoop on her everyday life and makeup and skincare routines.
N/A
Founder of The Tech Cornr
Hosanna Hali is a sales engineer at Zscaler and the founder of The Tech Cornr, a platform she created to help women to pursue a career in tech. If you follow Hali on social media, you’ll see how she uses her platform to inform, inspire, and empower her followers through sharing her story, tech resources, and valuable career advice.
Google
Licensed clinical psychologist
Dr. Raquel Martin is a licensed clinical psychologist and a mental health and social justice professor at Tennessee State University. Dr. Martin aims to radically reimagine Black possibility by promoting Black mental health as key to legacy-building and longevity for the future generations.
Instagram
Founder of Our Homecoming
Grace Ladoja is a music executive and the founder of Our Homecoming, a festival in Lagos, Nigeria. She recently announced the return of the event, which will begin March 27, 2024, through April 1, 2024. Ladoja is also the co-founder of Metallic Inc., a global culture studio that provides management services, guidance, and consultancy for talents.
Trending Now
By clicking Subscribe, you confirm that you have read and agree to our Terms of Use and acknowledge our Privacy Policy. You also agree to receive marketing communications, updates, special offers (including partner offers) and other information from BET and the Paramount family of companies. You understand that you can unsubscribe at any time.
© 2025 Black Entertainment Television LLC. All rights reserved.