Often, when very famous women go through very public divorces, a freeze-frame moment or object makes its way front-and-center to become a sort of pop culture shorthand, a totem representing our heroine emerging triumphant from the split. Nicole Kidman had her parking lot fist pump moment. Princess Diana had the revenge dress. Sophie Turner had all those dinners with Taylor Swift. And now, Natalie Portman has the concrete knowledge that Rihanna thinks she’s a bad bitch.
Portman, who finalized her divorce from husband Benjamin Millepied in February after 11 years of marriage, appeared on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon Monday and discussed how a chance interaction with the “Diamonds” singer in January helped her during a tough time.
“I think every woman going through a divorce should get to have Rihanna say to her that she's a bad bitch,” Portman said.
She and Rihanna were filmed fangirling over one another and hugging outside a Paris Fashion Week show, an interaction that Portman told host Jimmy Fallon is “a formative moment in my life.”
This content can also be viewed on the site it originates from.
“I love you,” Portman tells Rihanna in the clip as the two squeal and hug.
“I’m a fucking fan,” Rihanna responds. “You are one of the hottest bitches in Hollywood.”
“Excuse me? I’m gonna faint,” an overwhelmed Portman replies, hand to heart. “I’m gonna black out. I love you and I listen to your music all the time, you’re such a queen, thank you!”
Rihanna then asks for a picture of the two. When Rihanna wants a picture, you take a picture, and if you’re Natalie Portman, you share it on Instagram with the caption “Still not over this.” Which, fair.
This content can also be viewed on the site it originates from.
Discussing the interaction with Fallon, Portman revealed, “It was exactly what I needed.”
How Miriam Adelson Went From Big MAGA Winner to Casino Loser in Trump’s First 100 Days
Trump’s Lies Are Finally Catching Up to Him
The UK Has Found Another Reason to Be Mad at Meghan Markle
“It’s About Him”: How Trump Is Perverting the Presidential Photo Stream
The Ballad of Bill Belichick and Jordon Hudson
The Truth Underlying Pete Hegseth’s Job Security
Why Are Americans So Obsessed With Protein? Blame MAGA.
How Sebastian Stan Became Hollywood’s Most Daring Shape-Shifter
Every Quentin Tarantino Movie, Ranked
Meet Elon Musk’s 14 Children and Their Mothers (Whom We Know of)
From the Archive: Sinatra and the Mob
More from Vanity Fair
Contact
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Vanity Fair may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
CN Entertainment