Greeted by the smell of Bierkellers and bratwurst sausages, you could be mistaken for thinking you were at Manchester's Christmas Markets. But, as the sound of carriages clattering in the distance is swiftly followed by huge screams rolling in, it could only be Alton Towers’ hugely popular annual Oktoberfest event .
This weekend (September 7), marked the return of the resort’s German-themed festival, transforming part of the 500-acre park into a Bavarian-themed venue, complete with traditional German food, beer and live entertainment.
A covered front lawns seating area offers a wide range of games and activities, as well as a brand-new Bavarian-inspired food and drinks menu to get guests in the spirit.
READ MORE The Peak District beauty spot named one of the ‘most picturesque’ picnic locations in England
On its opening day, the Manchester Evening News took a trip to the theme park resort to enjoy the festivities, sample the traditional cuisine and, of course, take the rides for a thrilling spin.
The Oktoberfest festival spans across the front lawn area overlooking the lake and Grade II listed towers. This year’s event has seen the introduction of even more hearty food and drink options to the traditionally German menu, with a wealth of new food and beverage choices which are available for guests to pre-book for a reduced cost.
Bookings can be made online at a reduced rate here.
There’s a great mix of German themed food on offer at Oktoberfest this year, including pretzels, bratwurst and churros. Visitors can pick up chips, curly fries or wedges for £5, or add crispy chicken wings for an extra £4. Alternatively, there is beer battered fish, scampi or a country sausage, and a plant-based option, too.
Brand-new for 2024, visitors can test their taste buds with trying a Grill Platter with Frikadellen Pork Meatballs, Kartoffeln – Herbed Potatoes with Bacon and Käsespätzle - German Egg Noodles with Cheese, as well as Raclette Cheese and a range of new pretzel flavours.
Those looking for something sweeter can find freshly baked churros for between £5 and £7.50, with hot drinks costing between £3.50 and £4.50. Another stall was selling Bratwurst, Kasenkrainer and vegan sausages too, in a bun with sauce, for £9.
At another stand, guests can get their hands on a huge toasted pretzel, with options including pretzel bites priced at £6, a large twisted pretzel in either cinnamon, original or pizza flavour for £7 and a pretzel dog, wrapped around a Bratwurst, for £9.
There are new food and drinks combo deals added for this year too, with prices starting from as £16 for the Oktoberfest Brat and Pretzel Pair including a bratwurst, large cinnamon pretzel and soft drink. The Oompha Grill Grill platter and a pint are priced from £20.
Bavarian Triple Bier planken and a Bratwurst package prices start from £20, with a Lunch Grill platter, including a pint of German beer and cinnamon pretzel bites, priced at £25. And, a Loaded Feast Bratwurst, Bier Planken, Stein and Pretzel deal are priced from £30.
I plumped for the Kasenkrainer, an Austrian-style sausage filled with cubes of melted edamer cheese, topped with ketchup and spicy mustard. The meat was crunchy, flavoursome and extremely tasty, served between a soft and squidgy bread bun.
Brand new beverages have also been developed for guests, including the locally brewed Fantastich Lager, Bierplanken - where visitors can enjoy three half pints of German beers - as well as a Radler Cocktail and a brand-new Coca-Cola Freestyle flavour named Alton Oompah.
On the pumps at the bar there’s a Franziskaner Weissbier, as well as Camden Pale Ale, Stella Artois and a Spaten Oktoberfestbier. Those that prefer cider can opt for Magner’s original or dark fruits. Alternatively, soft drinks are available and priced from £2.80.
Half pints for most options are around £4, with full pints priced at £7.50. A Beer Planken, containing three half-pints of various beers from pumps on the bar, are priced at £12. I'm not a beer drinker by any means, but the Spaten Oktoberfestbier was sweet and light; the perfect compliment to my lunch.
Over on the lawns there is plenty of seating to enjoy live entertainment with food and drink, with a huge seating area covered by a canopy - meaning the show will go on in all weather.
Most acts perform three or four times a day, with the latest showing being 7.30pm, ending the evening with a bang. The Oktoberfest festivities and entertainment continue each day after rides close, with visitors able to enjoy varied performances including the classing Oompa sounds to get into the spirit.
The Bierkeller Oompah Show is performed at 11.45, 2.30 and 5.15pm. The Party Pilots, celebrating six decades of music, is on at 12.30, 3.15 and 6pm.
For those who want to get involved, the Oktoberfest Sing-along is hosted at 1, 3.25 and 6.30pm, with the Lebhaft Tanzen Dance Show hosted at 1.30, 4.15 and 7pm. The Oomparty Band, performing popular club classics, are on at 2, 4.45 and 7.30pm.
On my visit, I enjoyed the Oomparty Band's wonderful performance, playing a medley of contemporary pop tracks which really got people on their feet. They strummed to familiar classics from the likes of Britney Spears, Madonna and Rihanna, with guests all out of their seats and singing.
Bookings can be made online through the Alton Towers website here.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.