Music stars are set to perform in Somerset for a Christmas charity concert.


  Husband and wife duo, Dominic and Heidi Greensmith, have been busy preparing for their ‘A Merry Little Christmas’ event at Bo Lee and Workmen in Bruton on December 7.


  The festive concert, now in its fifth year, will feature Dominic alongside Reef guitarist and acclaimed singer-songwriter Amy Newton.


  The concert's line-up, traditionally kept under wraps, has previously boasted appearances from artists such as Gabriella Aplin and Supergrass drummer Danny Goffey.


  Ms Greensmith said: "In Bruton, we are surrounded by these talented people from the film, TV, and music industry, so we thought we’d bring them all together for a special concert.


  "The performers who take part are world-class musicians who have played and written for artists such as Beverley Knight and Rihanna."


  The couple, who live in Bruton with their five children, have been organising the concert for the past four years.


  Each artist will perform their own version of a Christmas classic, with this year's theme being Christmas Number Ones.


  Ms Greensmith said: "We have special guests lined up to appear every year, but we like to keep what the line-up will be as a surprise for everyone on the night."


(Image: CHSW) Journalist and TV presenter Mariella Frostrup, a close friend of the Greensmiths, will compere the event.


  Ms Greensmith continued: "The concert is a fabulous festive event that people look forward to, but it also raises money for two fantastic charities."


  This year, all proceeds will be donated to Children’s Hospice South West and Mane Chance Sanctuary, which rescues and rehabilitates abused and abandoned horses.


  Ms Greensmith was introduced to Children’s Hospice South West’s Charlton Farm by a friend who worked there.


  She said: "I was blown away by the work of the charity the moment I walked into the hospice.


  "There is nowhere like it on earth.


  "It is somewhere very special, a place full of light and love."


  Kylie Gallagher, area fundraiser for Children’s Hospice South West, said: "We are honoured once again to be the continued local charity benefitting from this very special Christmas event in Bruton.


  "Having had the privilege of taking Heidi and Dominic on a personal tour with one of our Charlton Farm mums earlier this year, it's obvious how important the work we do is to both of them.


  "We are so grateful for all their hard work with organising this fantastic event, now a firm staple in our Christmas calendar."


  'A Merry Little Christmas' will take place from 7.30pm to 10.30pm.


  Tickets are available for £25, plus a booking fee, on Eventbrite.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.