Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
Foo Fighters have become the latest band to express their displeasure at Donald Trump using their music without permission during his presidential campaign. The American rock group's popular song 'My Hero' was played at a rally in Arizona, where former US president Trump welcomed Robert F Kennedy Jr onto the stage.
Kennedy Jr had recently suspended his independent run for the presidency and thrown his support behind Trump. When questioned on social media about whether they had given Trump permission to use their 1997 hit at the event, Foo Fighters responded with a simple "No".
They also shared a screenshot of their response on their X page, captioning it "let us be clear". A spokesperson for the band told PA news agency that Foo Fighters were not asked for permission and would not have granted it if they had been.
They join a growing list of artists who have objected to Trump using their music without consent, including Celine Dion. Her team criticised him for playing her iconic song 'My Heart Will Go On' at a campaign rally earlier this month.
A statement released by Dion's management and record label said the use of the song was "in no way" authorised, adding: "... And really, THAT song? " Earlier this year, Johnny Marr, guitarist for The Smiths, also criticised Trump after their hit 'Please, Please, Please, Let Me Get What I Want' was played at a rally.
Responding to a video of his song playing in the background at a Trump rally, Marr commented: "Ahh...right...OK. I never in a million years would've thought this could come to pass. Consider this s*** shut right down right now."
Back in 2018, Steven Tyler from Aerosmith dispatched a communique to the then-president, demanding that he cease playing their tracks at political events this followed the airing of their 1993 hit 'Livin' on the Edge' at a Charleston, West Virginia assembly.
Tyler had also sent the Trump campaign two letters insisting on cessation of music use back in 2015.
Estate representatives of the late musicians Prince and Tom Petty have similarly enjoined Trump from employing their songs, and Rihanna served up her own cease-and-desist after her 2007 chart-topper 'Don't Stop the Music' echoed at a Chattanooga, Tennessee gathering.
Ozzy and Sharon Osbourne have laid down the law with Trump too, prohibiting the use of Black Sabbaths music in his campaign materials.
Other musical acts who've objected to Trump spinning their tunes include the Rolling Stones and Neil Young, while Linkin Park legally barred their song 'In The End' from being used in a pro-Trump video.
Join our Breaking News and Top Stories WhatsApp community for all the latest news direct to your phone.
To join you need to have WhatsApp on your device. All you need to do is choose which community you want to join, click on the link and press 'join community'.
No one will be able to see who is signed up and no one can send messages except the ChronicleLive team.
We also treat our community members to special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners.
If you don't like our community, you can check out any time you like. To leave our community click on the name at the top of your screen and choose 'exit group'.
If you’re curious, you can read our privacy notice.
CLICK HERE TO JOIN