By SARAH SOTOODEH FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  23:11, 16 July 2024   |  Updated:  00:29, 17 July 2024   
 42
View  comments
Natalie Portman looked beautiful in a short black mini dress with a matching blazer while stepping out in New York City.
The actress, 43, showcased her toned legs in the thigh-grazing look, paired with strappy black sandals. 
Natalie styled the look with her hair loose around her, center parted and in slight waves.
Her stunning look comes just one day after her appearance on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon, where she revealed that meeting Rihanna was a 'formative moment' in her life.
Natalie Portman looked beautiful in a short black mini dress with a matching blazer while stepping out in New York City.
The actress, 43, showcased her toned legs in the thigh-grazing look, paired with strappy black sandals
Natalie styled the look with her hair loose around her, center parted and in slight waves
I think everyone going through a divorce should get Rihanna to say to her that she's a bad b****h. It was exactly what I needed.'
Natalie was married to Benjamin Millepied for 11 years - before they split, with Natalie filing for divorce in July 2023; their divorce was finalized in March 2024. 
They share two children: son Aleph, 13, and daughter Amalia, seven. 
During her appearance on the late night show, Natalie reflected on meeting Rihanna in January 2024 - during Paris Fashion Week.
Rihanna told Natalie that she was 'one of the hottest b****s' in Hollywood.' 
'Are you kidding me?' Natalie had replied to Rihanna.
'It was a formative moment in my life,' she told Jimmy after the clip aired. 
The moment in January was documented by photographer Stephane Feugere.
During her appearance on the late night show, Natalie reflected on meeting Rihanna in January 2024 - during Paris Fashion Week
Rihanna told Natalie that she was 'one of the hottest b****s' in Hollywood'
Natalie looked gorgeous in a beaded dress during her appearance on Monday's episode of The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon
They saw each other in January while heading into the Haute Couture Dior show in Paris, with Natalie gushing to Rihanna: 'I love you.'
Rihanna then told her: 'I am a proper fan.'
Natalie appeared shocked as he said: 'Are you kidding me?' before the stars shared a hug.
Rihanna said to her: 'You are one of the hottest b*****s in Hollywood forever. You have the most innocent look and I'm like "uhhh."'
Natalie told her: 'I'm going to faint. I love you and I listen to your music all the time, your're such a queen and just thank you.'
Rihanna said: 'Can somebody take a picture? So I like remember this happened tomorrow,' with Natalie adding 'Please!'
The songstress said: 'I don't get excited to meet anybody, but I love you!' 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group