Maura Higgins has set her fans' pulses racing yet again as she slipped into a reflective tight-fit frock.
The Love Island star, 32, was attending an event in London when she took a snap to upload to her social media platforms. In the picture, Higgins was seen in a gorgeous tight-fitting silver floor-length gown, adorned with reflective gems from top to bottom.
Maura also risked a wardrobe malfunction as the strapless dress was seen keeping her body in tight, perfectly hugging her hips and showing off her flawless figure. As she stood on the runway, she gave a beaming smile to the camera as she radiated joy with her sun-kissed skin.
READ MORE: Maura Higgins dubbed 'most beautiful woman' as she bends over stool in racy video
READ MORE: Join the Daily Star Soaps WhatsApp for all the latest spoilers and exclusives
The Irish bombshell also stunned with her makeup as she kept it classy for the fashion event. Her glowing smile was perfectly complimented with a rouge lip that added a pop of colour to her look.
She also made light use of concealer and foundation as she shone with some highlighter on her cheeks just to add to the bright look she was wearing. She finished off her makeup look with some fake eyelashes and a small dash of mascara, to help her eyes stand out.
To accessorise her ensemble, Maura kept things simple as she wore a simple bangle on her left wrist. She finished off her look for the evening by styling her hair with a top-knot ponytail, with her luscious brunette locks curled to add an extra drop of class to the finished look.
Taking to the caption, she simply wrote: "A diamond fit," before promoting the dress, which was from fashion brand Oh Polly. But fans were loving the look and immediately flooded the comments section with love and support.
One eager commenter wrote: "I'm sorry WHUUUUUTT?!?! How can you do this to us - the dress is not released yet, I need it!"
A second user added: "Nicest I've seen you look. You ooze beauty here, your hair is gorgeous!!"
Whilst a third account penned: "As Rihanna said - shine bright like a diamond!" A fourth account shared the sentiment saying: "Absolutely stunning, and your smile is brighter than the beautiful dress you are wearing."
Maura's new shining look comes ahead of the airing of Love Island Games on ITV2, on which the Irish stunner was a social media ambassador host. She joined host Maya Jama and Love Island US host Ariana Madix.
For more of the latest showbiz and TV news from the Daily Star, make sure you sign up for one of our newsletters here.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.