Looking to bag a high-end find?
While Amazon can be a great place to re-create celebrity looks for less, it’s also home to an under-the-radar selection of splurge-worthy designer items.
Since partnering with luxury resale brand What Goes Around Comes Around, the mega-retailer’s offered a treasure trove of pre-loved treasures from the likes of Dior, Fendi and Saint Laurent — all verified by the platform’s independent “in-house professional authentication process” prior to listing.
So if you’ve been eyeing an investment piece for your closet, now just might be the prime time to add one to your Amazon cart. (For a starting point, we’ve spotlighted several of our favorites below.)
Dior’s Saddle bag first launched in 1999 and sparked an early-aughts frenzy following a cameo on “Sex and the City.” Rihanna owns at least four versions of the classic design, from camo to classic to the fur-covered version she carried at Coachella.
Stars can fit more than their next read in Dior’s famed Book Totes, available in a wide variety of colors and designs. While Khloé Kardashian, Jessica Alba and Sofia Vergara all own one, Jennifer Lopez just might be the bag’s biggest fan, having stepped out with at least four different versions over the years.
For stashing a lot of stuff in style, celebrities often reach for Goyard’s trusty totes. Just ask Kourtney Kardashian, who packed three of the brand’s bags for the hospital before delivering baby Rocky. 
Chanel’s quilted flap bags are practically as iconic as the house’s interlocking Cs. Brand devotee Sofia Richie stepped out with her pale pink version recently, while everyone from Princess Beatrice to Alix Earle owns a version.
You can never go wrong with one of Bottega Veneta’s signature woven styles.
Jackie Kennedy reportedly owned so many of Gucci’s sleek shoulder bags that the fashion house renamed the style in her honor. It’s just as popular with stylish stars today, including Dakota Johnson, Miley Cyrus and Olivia Rodrigo.
Of all the handbags in Hollywood, perhaps none is quite so coveted as the Hermès Birkin. Cardi B, Jennifer Lopez and Kim Kardashian (to name but a few) all have extensive collections of the pricey purses, and the latter’s even resold some of her own in the past.
Gwyneth Paltrow, Olivia Culpo and Lea Michele all own versions of Céline’s stylish yet spacious tote.
Hilary Duff, Sofia Vergara and Reese Witherspoon are never without their Neverfulls, which easily fit all their daily essentials and then some.
Get ready for summer with an over-$130 discount on this beach-ready raffia tote.
What Goes Around Comes Around also offers a plethora of Prada options, including this convertible crossbody similar to ones owned by Taylor Swift and Mindy Kaling. 
This article was written by Hannah Southwick, Commerce Writer/Reporter for Page Six Style. Hannah spies deals on actually affordable celebrity-worn styles, puts Hollywood’s favorite labels to the test and finds the beauty products that keep stars red carpet-ready. She consults stylists and industry pros — including celebs themselves — for firsthand product recommendations, trend predictions and more. In addition to writing for Page Six since 2020, her work has been featured in USA Today and Parade.