The glasses and scarf styling were one of many styling lessons that the former First Lady had as a signature. 
The moment Gucci's Creative Director, Sabato De Sarno, posted a photo of Jackie Kennedy Onassis on his Instagram page three days before the Spring 2025 show in Milan, we at Town & Country put our detective hats on. The shot, filled with styling cues, shows the timeless style icon donning her signature oversized sunglasses over a head scarf, the collar of her trench coat pulled up to shield her hair and neck. We know that the former First Lady became forever entwined with the brand after she used her Gucci Bag—a 1961 creation formerly named G1244—to shield her from the paparazzi camping outside of her Upper East Side Home. But, what we didn't know is that De Sarno would soon open our imaginations to how the late Kennedy Onassis is synonymous with many of the Gucci house codes. 
Of course, there were the iterations of the Jackie Bag (which has been slung on the arms of all of today's celebrities from Harry Styles to Rihanna). Some kept their sleek leather looks, while another was made in a highly glamorous reptile texture. But, then came the bug-eyed sunglasses: some in black, some in red. (Dakota Johnson and Daisy Edgar Jones wore pairs of them while sitting front row). Like the image De Sarno posted, many styles of shades were worn over tightly wrapped headscarves that ranged from brightly colored to monochromatic floral prints. And, its clear that De Sarno had a bit of fun with the outerwear. There was a red topper that descended to the floor, outfitted with two large utility pockets on each side and a large, perked-up collar in case an incognito moment is called for. But, if peacocking is the move, then how about the brocade neon-yellow coat? 
Outside of the image referenced, the creative director took the lady-like gloves Onassis often wore and turned them into leather driving gloves. And the classic Gucci bamboo motif? He turned it into necklaces and bracelets reminiscent of her enameled Schlumberger bracelet. All of these style signatures point to the post-pillbox-hat era and Onassis' life after her time in the White House. 
All in all, the Spring 2025 Gucci collection is an opportune moment to take a page out of the book of an an O.G. style icon. See below for the many ways the collection channeled Jackie Kennedy Onassis.
Jackie Kennedy often wore sunglasses with large frames over headscarves. The styling cue was heavily seen throughout the Gucci Spring 2025 Women's show. 
Cold or going in incognito? The former First Lady used the collars of her trench coat to hide her facial profile from eager paparazzi. Now, you can, too. 
Like the Jackie Bag, Onassis was often spotted wearing an enameled Schlumberger bracelet which De Sarno referenced in the collection's accessories. 
Onassis exuded elegance in part because of her use of gloves. This season, Gucci gave it a bit of edge. 
Isiah Magsino is the Style News Editor at Town & Country. He reports on fashion, interior design, architecture, and philanthropy. He also handles the brand’s modern manners column (Faux Pas, Moi) where he talks about Group Mooches, Plus-One Etiquette, rules of tagging on social media, and more. Before joining Town & Country, he worked at American Vogue in the menswear department while contributing to the brand’s parties and arts section. He’s also written for Vanity Fair, W Magazine, and GQ. 
Celebrities Can’t Stop Carrying This Woven Tote
Narciso Rodriguez Opens up About Carolyn Bessette
Meghan Markle’s Wardrobe Staples In Her ShopMy
Katie Holmes Looks Spring Ready with Suede Tote
The Best After Party Looks From the 2025 Oscars
The Best Jewelry at the Oscars 2025
Halle Berry Wears Mirrored Gown at the Oscars
Shop Anna Sawai’s Coach East-West Bag
The Very Best Jewelry at the 2025 SAG Awards
Mikey Madison Stuns in Silver at the SAG Awards
Meghan Markle’s Go-To Puffer Is on Sale
Meghan Markle Wears Wrap Dress in Latest Post
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.