By REBECCA DAVISON FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  07:59, 9 July 2024   |  Updated:  08:29, 9 July 2024   
 7
View  comments
She's back with a brand new single and album - her first music in 10 years - and it's fair to say a lot has happened to Pixie Lott during that time. 
She married her partner of 14 years, model Oliver Cheshire, 36, in June 2022 and they welcomed a son, Albert Charles, known as Bertie, back in October.
Looking happier than ever, Pixie, 33, credits her long-term love Oliver with keeping her from going off the rails after she was discovered aged 15 as a singer. 
In a rare chat about their marriage, she told the My Dirty Laundry podcast that she and Oliver have grown up together, but have completely different love languages.
She said: 'It's weird because we've been together for such a long time, but it also feels like it was like yesterday.
New mum Pixie Lott has said she and model husband Oliver Cheshire have completely different love languages as she gave a rare candid chat about their marriage 
She and Oliver have been together for 14 years, married in June 2022 and welcomed their son Bertie, pictured, in October 
Pixie and Oliver pictured at the Isle of Wight Festival in 2011 - they are one of the few showbiz couples to stand the test of time 
'I feel like we've grown up together. We started going out when I was 19 and I'm 33 now,. 
'We've had so many adventures and memories and stories that we share that I feel like our roots are so grounded and entwined.
'And to have that in a business that is so crazy and up and down... to have that constant has really kept me going. 
She continued 'So I feel really lucky in that sense. When we first started dating, we were used to crazy schedules and being in different places and different time zones. 
'It wasn't as if like we got together and we didn't have work schedules like that, and then all of a sudden it kicked in and it all changed. 
'So we've always known what to expect, how to go through that. First of all, it was Blackberry Messenger, now it's WhatsApp, FaceTime, you know, that kind of stuff. 
'I feel really lucky to have someone by my side. Family is a big thing for me. Always has been and always will be. So to have Oliver with me - I feel very lucky.'
Talking about how romantic Oliver is, Pixie said: 'I think a good team because he's actually an amazing cook. Thank God, because I'm dreadful, like really, really bad. 
In a rare chat about their marriage, she told the My Dirty Laundry podcast that she and Oliver have grown up together, but have completely different love languages
Pixie released her new single Somebody's Daughter on June 20 and is set to drop her fourth studio album, Encino, on September 27
'Because we started going out so young, that was when I moved into my first flat from my family home and we started going out. 
'So he's always cooked. So it's actually his fault that I haven't taken the kitchen seriously because he's always been there. 
'He cooks the most delicious meals. We do get a lot of takeaways as well. But yeah, he's romantic with cooking the food.'
And discussing their connection, Pixie said: 'There are something like seven love languages. There's acts of service, there's words of affirmation and we actually have different love languages.
'His would be acts of service and quality time. I feel like I focus on the words of affirmation. I say lots of things, but I don't know if that's actually his love language. 
'I don't know if he actually is that bothered about it, but I do say nice things.'
Pixie has said that becoming a mother has meant that she has felt better equipped to be more autobiographical on this album, Encino, because has learned not to sweat the small stuff.
The singer found fame at 18-years-old when her debut single Mama Do (Uh Oh, Uh Oh) went to number one in 2009 - pictured that year - but she had been discovered three years before
Pixie has said she loved to see Rihanna's sense of fashion when she was pregnant and thinks she is just amazing 
She also said that fellow mum Jessie J has been really kind and honest with her about motherhood and has given her lots of tips - (pictured, Jessie with her son, Sky)
It took five years to write because she wanted to make sure every lyric was perfect and the pandemic definitely slowed things down a bit. 
But she's nothing but excited to be coming back into the limelight and doing what she does best. 
She said: 'I was inspired by some of the other stars out there who are mothers too and doing it all. I mean Rihanna is amazing. And Jessie J and Ellie Goulding. 
'Jessie has been so amazing with helping as a new mum and being in the music business. 
'Ever since I've had Bertie, she's been like helping me with so many tips. Like just like, "Get this for the baby". 
'Over these nine months, she's been so helpful. And I know obviously she's just gone through it with her little bubba. She's so kind and so generous with her time and really helpful, really honest about things and yeah, that's been really amazing.'
Pixie Lott's single Somebody's Daughter is out now. Her album Encino is due for release on September 27.
She is set to perform the songs for the first time at London's Hoxton Hall on July 11. 
To listen to the full interview, please visit the My Dirty Laundry podcast on Spotify.  

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group