By PANDORA AMORATIS FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  20:15, 29 August 2024   |  Updated:  21:01, 29 August 2024   
 8
View  comments
Jenna Ortega is pulling out all the sartorial stops while promoting her movie 'Beetlejuice Beetlejuice'.
On Thursday, August 28th, the young star hit the carpet of the 81st Venice International Film Festival looking glamorously demure.
Jenna donned a Haute Couture red tulle dress, accented with makeup in the same shade and a stunning swept-up hairstyle by Bobby Eliot.
While an all-red makeup look is a bold choice for most, the hairstyle Bobby created using Rihanna's Fenty line is seasonless and beautiful for everyday wear.
The pro, known for creating styles for Amanda Seyfried, Gracie Abrams, Julia Garner and more, shares every step of the process.
Jenna Ortega is pulling out all the sartorial stops while promoting her movie " Beetlejuice Beetlejuice"
'Jenna is wearing a custom Dior dress, and we wanted the hair to feel effortless,' said Bobby. 
'We decided on having the hair swept up in a loose deconstructed low knot.'
With her hair pulled back and off her shoulders, the intricate heart-shaped bodice of Jenna's gown took centerstage. 
As did her Bois de Rose necklace, bracelet and rings in white gold, pink gold and diamonds of Dior Joaillerie.
STEP 1:
Bobby prepped the hair with Fenty Hair The Protective Type 5-In-1 Heat Protectant Styler.
Avoiding the roots, he spritzed the product in sections to protect, hydrate, smooth, defrizz, and detangle Jenna's tresses.
STEP 2:
Next, Bobby used a round brush to blow dry her hair for maximum shine and root lift.
He followed that with a flat iron to create texture and give hair an effortless, modern feel.
In Venice, the pint-sized beauty Jenna donned a swept-up hairstyle by Bobby Eliot 
'Jenna is wearing a custom Dior dress, and we wanted the hair to feel effortless,' said Bobby. 'We decided on having the hair swept up in a loose deconstructed low knot'
STEP 3:
As the lead actress in the movie, it is Jenna's time to shine, meaning every hair needs to be picture perfect.
To tame flyaways around her face, Bobby added product to her hairline.
Using his hands to warm up Fenty Hair The Controlling Type Hair-Thickening Edge Control Gel ($18) he flattened any pesky hairs.
The reparative gel lays, smooths, and locks hair in place all day long without flaking.
STEP 4:
Everly formal event suggests an elegant updo but those that appear perfectly imperfect are what's currently trending with the fashion set.
To do this, Bobby swept up Jenna's hair and loosely pulled out pieces from the bun to give her hair an undone look.
She wore her long-layered bangs parted down the middle framing her face. 
To accessorize her Dior Haute Couture red tulle dress, Jenna  wore a Bois de Rose necklace, bracelet and rings in white gold, pink gold and diamonds of Dior Joaillerie
What the pros use: 
Bobby prepped the hair with Fenty Hair The Protective Type 5-In-1 Heat Protectant Styler.
A swipe of Rouge Dior 999 lipstick completed the red hot look
Using his hands he warmed up Fenty Hair The Controlling Type Hair-Thickening Edge Control Gel ($18).
To tame loose pieces and finish the look, Bobby used Fenty Hair The Side Stick 3-In-1 Edge Styling Tool
STEP 5:
To tame loose pieces and finish the look, Bobby used Fenty Hair The Side Stick 3-In-1 Edge Styling Tool.
The romantic hairstyle perfectly offset the bold makeup look created by Melanie Inglessis using Dior Beauty.
Melanie used red and purple shadows above and below Jenna's eyes to create a non-traditional smokey eye look.
And a hint of blush on the apples of the cheeks. 
A swipe of Rouge Dior 999 lipstick completed the passionate ensemble. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group