Cloudy with a drenching rain ending for the afternoon. High 84F. Winds E at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 100%. Rainfall may reach one inch..
                                
Partly cloudy. Low 77F. Winds E at 5 to 10 mph.
 Updated: May 4, 2025 @ 5:16 am
A pint-sized majorette leads the Charming Twirlers during the Children’s Parade on Friday in downtown Charlotte Amalie, St. Thomas.
ST. THOMAS — Mocko Jumbies kicked their stilts up the road. Steelpan trolleys shook with the thunder of feet and percussion. And, twirlers spun batons while climbing through hoops, bouncing on balls, and eating fire.
As 30 entries in the 2024 Children’s Parade trekked through Main Street on Friday, 9-year-old Junior Calypsonian Sa’Moore “Prince Rainy” Weekes, shouted his support from the sidelines, sang along to soca thumping out of the speakers, and kept time with the rhythms.
“When I was a child, I liked music and I still like music now,” Weekes, a Nisky Moravian School student, said. “Happy Carnival!”
Marching in burgundy shirts emblazoned with the gold logo of its Devil Rays mascot, the Ivanna Eudora Kean High School’s Music Department, which served as parade grand marshal, led the parade with a pulsating drum beat and the blare of the trombone.
Later in the parade, the Charlotte Amalie High School Marching Band also did not disappoint as as they rocked left and right with instruments and dancers performing at their side.
Spectators lining the route were greeted by the waving hands from a procession of about 20 school, Carnival, and community royalty in sparkly crowns. With titles such as Mr. JROTC, Miss Sunburst, Miss Valentine, Festival Duke and Miss Easter Festival, they represented the territory and neighboring British Virgin Islands.
Colorful majorette groups wowed with synchronized movements and choreography built from simple to complex performances at the judging station at Post Office Square.
Wearing fuschia, green, blue, and white with silver accents, the 100-plus Charming Twirlers of multiple ages shook pom poms and spun batons.
Solo twirler Kaylee Breedy’s multidirectional routine involved back to back cartwheels and splits.
The Virgin Islands All Stars Majorettes of Atlanta blended hip hop and soca in a girl power theme highlighting artists such as Rihanna and Allison Hinds in their gold gloves, white boots, and umbrellas.
And, the St. Thomas Majorettes in purple and silver outfits bounced on large purple balls as they highlighted the beautiful Virgin Islands madras fabric in headpieces, pants, skirts, and truck decor, with a show-pleasing performance of four dancers climbing up hoops and twirling batons upside down while doing the split. The group included a tribute to the late calypso king St. Clair “Whadablee” DeSilvia as they performed to some of his music.
Steelbands from throughout St. Thomas provided a refreshing contrast to the music thumping out of loudspeakers, with reverberating bass lines and jam sessions played acoustically from atop double-decker trolleys by the St. Thomas Junior All Stars Steel Orchestra, the Bertha C. Boschulte Middle School Burning Blazers, the Love City Pan Dragons — with a black and orange dancing dragon, and the Rising Stars Youth Steel Orchestra.
By sheer force of numbers – 150 participants --  the latter captured the attention with the force of melody rising from their red and gold pans.
When it came to the costumed troupes, vibrant colors filled the streets with artistic representations of sea life, the sun, and the sandy shores of St. Thomas.
The Department of Education’s entry included a moment of silence for the tragic loss of JahQueada Isaac, and a tribute to the late radio station owner Athneil “Addie” Ottley wove together a troupe of students from schools throughout St. Thomas wearing blue, fuschia, and orange.
The Sun Children in sea fans and fish were transformed into themes celebrating treasured coral reefs. And, the Show Stoppers did a dance and twirling combination in fiery, feathery wings.
Performers from Antilles School with white peasant blouses and matching parasols and VI Montessori School & Peter Gruber International Academy demonstrated the official dance of the Virgin Islands, moving to the calls to sashay, clap your hands, and heel and toe.
The latter, celebrating the school’s 60th anniversary, included a group of mocko jumbies, and performed a choreographed dance celebrating Carnival, jumping up with swirling multicolored bandanas as they wore their celebration t-shirts.
Other troupes included Elite Dynasty in glittery red, yellow, blue, and green outfits waving the V.I. flag, and Dynamic Dancers, pulling off a lively routine.
For Keannah-Marie Gerald, 12, of Elite Dynasty, freestyling during that part of the performance was her best memory of the day.
“When we were doing our routines at the Post Office and the Market Square it was very fun because I was part of the quadrille and I got to experience the fun of it,” she said, adding that it was her first time in the parade.
The parade this year featured five traditional entries, a mix of masquerading clowns, Indians, and mocko jumbies. Eccentric Mocko Jumbies, Miami USVI Mocko Jumbie Stilt Dancers, Yisrael’s New Generation of Mocko Jumbies, and a few school groups such as Gift Hill School showed off a combination of front and back kicks, dips, leans and limbos under stilts wearing colorful pants and face coverings.
The St. Thomas Tropical Masqueraders, Inc. skipped forward in their bright orange, blue, and white costumes with capes decorated with cartoon characters such as Spiderman, Black Panther, and Pikachu.
“If you want to join the St. Thomas Masqueraders, practice hard and try to do your best and have fun,” Demir Croft, a 10-year-old Joseph Gomez Elementary School student who practiced for two and a half months, said at the end of the parade.
“I would say I would give it an 8 out of 10,” he said of the experience, adding that more steps and more people in his group would have earned the event a perfect score. “The best part about it was having fun.”
After the parade, Yocely Sosa-Velen, 11, and best friend Carmen Bisono, 10, of Lockhart Elementary School were chilling at Roosevelt Park, going over the day’s events.
For Bisono, who performed with Elite Dynasty, it all boiled down to “the vibe.”
“I was glad. I was happy. I enjoyed it,” Sosa-Velen said, adding that next year she will join her friend’s troupe. “I got to see my friends, and I saw everybody having fun.”
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers:
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Would you like to receive our daily news? Signup today!
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.