Kendrick Lamar warned Drake to "not speak on" Serena Williams, but in an archival video, the former tennis star was the topic of conversation.
The 10-minute video was among the numerous uploaded onto Drake's surprise website, 100GBs. On the website, it contained files of behind-the-scenes videos recorded throughout Drizzy's touring and album processes over the years.
Among them is a video titled "Too Good Sandy" in the folder Theo Edits, where the Toronto native is joined by his mother, Sandy Graham, during a session for "Too Good." The track, which features Rihanna, is on Drake's fourth album, Views.
But around the eight-minute mark of the video, Graham asks about her son if he plans to tackle his past relationship on the album. Drake responds that "Too Good" is about Williams, who he briefly dated in the early 2010s. Williams would marry her husband, entrepreneur Alexis Ohanian, in 2017.
"I get heavy on a couple joints but this is more about me and Serena [Williams],” Drake says in the video, before his mother replies, "I gathered! I gathered that!"
The 6 God continues, "When I make songs about women, I also make songs for them so I know what kind of song to make."
"If I’m gonna talk about them, I’ll at least do them the justice of making them a song that they like, okay? So I know Serena very well. And I know that she’ll hear it loud and clear, but she’ll also not hate me for it because it’s lighthearted."
The artist's mother then speculates whether Williams is dating someone new, to which Drake jokingly replies, "I don't know, mom."
Amid Drake's diss track war with Kendrick throughout the spring, Williams took the side of her fellow Compton native, referencing "Not Like Us" in a joke during the 2024 ESPYs. Ohanian, who shares two daughters with Williams, also joined in on trolling Drake, after having gone back-and-forth with him through occasional subtle jabs.
Also unearthed in the 100GBs dump are three new songs, and other clips involving Cam'Ron, Lil Yachty and more.
music | BY Mark Elibert
Drake's Name Mention Sparks Boos From Toronto Crowd at Limp Bizkit Concert
music | BY Brandon Caldwell
Can DJs Play “Not Like Us” in Houston? We Investigate
style | BY Trace William Cowen
Drake Raises Eyebrows by Wearing 2Pac "Only God Can Judge Me" Shirt
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.