By ALESIA STANFORD FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  23:06, 23 August 2024   |  Updated:  03:32, 10 December 2024   
 42
View  comments
A$AP Rocky opened up about his parenting style as he and girlfriend Rihanna raise their two sons together.
The rapper, 35, and his 36-year-old partner - who recently enjoyed a family vacation, have RZA, two, and Riot, one.
When a reporter noted the kids do not have the same kind of childhood he did growing up in Harlem, New York, the singer pushed back.
'Yes they do,' Rocky stated firmly in a Billboard video posted on TikTok.
That is when Rocky and the reporter engaged in a back and forth argument.
A$AP Rocky 35, says he and partner Rihanna, 36, are trying to give their sons RZA, two, and Riot, one, a normal childhood 
What are you doing if you see @A$AP Rocky, @Rihanna and the kids pull up to the corner store for some Arizona's? 🤔 Watch A$AP walk through his Harlem neighborhood & more in his full Billboard cover story video at YouTube.com/Billboard #asaprocky #billboardcover #flacko #lordflacko #billboardhiphop #raptok #interview #nyc #harlem
'Man, let me show you little RZA last night, bro. Look, this is my little man right here,' said A$AP.
'A$AP Rocky and Rihanna's kids aren't going to walk to a corner store in the middle of the night...' the reporter said before Rocky cut him off.
'Why the f*** not? the hitmaker asked.
'Because they're the kids of A$AP Rocky and Rihanna,' the reporter answered. 
'But they're still human,' the Good For You artist asserted. 'Like, they're human beings man. Look,' he said, displaying a video of RZA. 'This is him last night. He's walking to the corner store.' 
Later in the Billboard interview, the BET Award winner revealed the little ones don't have the same taste in music as mom and dad.
Right now, the tykes are fans of a popular kids' show called CoComelon.
The animated educational program contains lots of child-friendly songs that they like to listen to over and over.
'That s**t is driving me nuts!' the doting father said of the cartoon.
'Don’t tell my girl I said that. I’m totally joking. I don’t give a s**t. She’s tired of it, too, probably.'
The couple, who went public with their relationship in November 2020, celebrated Riot's first birthday on August 1.
Rocky, born Rakim Mayers, shared some of the hectic lives as parents of two small children in a post wishing son Riot a happy first birthday on August 1 
Rocky called Rihanna the 'perfect person' for him.  'I don’t think there’s a more perfect person because when the schedules are hectic, she’s very understanding of that,' he said
Rocky recently shared photos of their sometimes hectic lives with two little ones. 
'HAPPY 1ST BIRTHDAY TO MY 2ND BORN SON RIOT ROSE MAYERS ❤️' the proud papa wrote next to a carousel of photos. 
The rapper, born Rakim Mayers, said of his partner, 'It’s crazy how we find balance with our chaotic schedules.'
'I don’t think there’s a more perfect person because when the schedules are hectic, she’s very understanding of that,' he said. 'And when the schedule’s freed up, that’s when you get to spend [the] most time together. It’s all understanding and compatibility.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group