Radhika Merchant and Anant Ambani in 2023
It was the pre-wedding party which wowed guests and onlookers around the world; and now it appears Anant Ambani and Radhika Merchant may be set to host one day of their multi-day celebration in London later this summer.
Radhika, the daughter of the multi-billionaire founders of Encore Healthcare, is due to marry Anant, the son of Asia’s richest man, in July. Little is known about the nuptials, but if the pre-wedding party is anything to go by, it's likely to be an incredibly spectacular celebration. The event in March was awash with A-listers and some of the world’s most powerful people, spilling into extravagant celebration spilled into excess in every conceivable category.
In this cover feature, originally published in August 2023, Tatler’s Annabel Sampson met Katie Boulter, Cameron Norrie and Jack Draper, the fresh generation of tennis players ready to take their shot at superstardom
Now, a source has hinted at Anant and Radhika's plans for their celebration this summer, telling IndiaToday it will be ‘much more splendid than one can imagine.’ The unnamed insider went on to claim that one of the wedding functions will be held at their Stoke Park estate. Just 35 minutes outside of London, Stoke Park dates back hundreds of years. The mansion building, which was designed by James Wyatt in 1788, is a beloved country club, where many escape London for the rural idyll. Mukesh Ambani purchased the estate in 2021, so perhaps it makes sense that the family host the biggest event of the year at the property.
This content can also be viewed on the site it originates from.
Earlier this month, Radhika marked her bachelorette this week with a ‘Princess Diaries' themed event, bringing together some of her closest friendsfor the big bash. Janhvi Kapoor posed images of the party to her Instagram page, writing, ‘A Princess Diaries Royal slumber party for the most special bride.’ The snaps revealed the bride opted for a pair of white feathered pyjamas and glittering slippers, while her friends donned matching pink pj sets and tiaras. The group were treated to an evening of fun and frivolity, dining on pink treats and even sliding down an huge installed slide on girly-pink cushions.
As the couple announce they are expecting their second baby, visit the moment the famously private pair gave their first-ever joint interview and shoot to Tatler
The couple started off their wedding celebrations with a bang, as they hosted a multiday event in India ahead of their summer nuptials. Among the household names present were Karlie Kloss, Ivanka Trump, Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg. They were joined by legends of cricket, politicians, the King and Queen of Bhutan and Larry Fink. Along with the hundreds of other guests, these global elites travelled to Jamangar, Gujarat, India, to revel in the three day celebration, which anticipated the nuptials of Anant Ambani and Radhika Merchant.
Radhika during the pre-wedding celebrations
Karlie Kloss was amongst the guests who attended the pre-wedding in India earlier this year
According to reports, the celebrations cost as much as $152. But what did they look like from the inside? The first thing you need to know is that of that $152m, $6m is reported to have been dedicated to hiring out one of the world’s most famous performers: Rihanna, who gave a private concert for partygoers in Jamangar, reportedly even twerking with the bride-to-be on the dancefloor. Rihanna’s partner, A$AP Rocky was also seen mingling and taking photos with guests.When it came to Rihanna’s showstopping performance, she appeared on stage in a custom The Attico look, including a custom green lace dress, embellished with micro Swarovski sequins and worn with a full embroidered pink catsuit. The performance, which included Fenti classics such as ‘Work’, saw a huge troupe of dancers support Rihanna and fireworks fill the air.
Jamnagar is not a city used to hosting such opulent events – and it has been reported that it lacked the required the luxury accommodation to house such a glut of starry guests. As a result, an exquisite glamping affair was arranged, creating a kind of temporary luxury hotel for the 1200 revellers. Equally, the local airport, which is usually a quiet, regional one, receiving about ten flights a day, saw 130 jets arrive, with the fleet of aircraft bringing guests, chefs, makeup artists and every other constituent one can imagine for a party.
Radhika Merchant and Anant Ambani pose for the media during their engagement, at Antilia on January 19, 2023 in Mumbai
The invitation for the celebrations, which have been widely shared on social media, read: 'With hearts full of joy and excitement, we invite you to the pre-wedding celebrations of Anant and Radhika at our home in Jamnagar.’
‘We look forward to having you with us to share in our joy, love, and laughter, and create memories that we’ll cherish forever.’
More from Tatler
Contact
© Condé Nast Britain 2025