News & Analysis on Cosmetics Innovation
13-Jun-2024 Last updated on 13-Jun-2024 at 14:21 GMT
13-Jun-2024 Last updated on 13-Jun-2024 at 14:21 GMT
The global star already owns successful beauty brand Fenty Beauty – a multimillion brand that has blazed a trail in terms of offering more inclusivity for colour cosmetics shades over the past seven years.
On the new launch, Rihanna said: "Hair has always been very personal to me – my hairstyles have been markers of my evolution and growth over the years – so launching Fenty Hair was something I was really passionate about.”  
The lineup of nine care and styling products echo the similar ethos of "Beauty for All" and has placed a lot of emphasis on hair repair, based on Rihanna’s experience as someone who’s “hair has done it all.”
Each product contains: “Clinically tested repair technology” and the range is designed for “every hair type and texture.”
"Creating products that were easy to use, no matter your hair type or texture, and that included repair in every step and could keep up with me, was crucial," explained the brand founder.
Barbados gooseberry & upcycled jackfruit extract 
The Fenty Hair collection comprises one shampoo, two conditioners, one treatment, four styling products and one tool, which were developed and tested in collaboration with in-house Global Stylists, a team of R&D experts and chemists.
Products are clinically tested, vegan, sulphate-free, silicone-free, DEA-free, gluten-free, and cruelty-free, and prices range between $18 - $36 (Є17 - Є33)
The range features a proprietary complex called Replenicore-5, which is infused in every product. It’s a blend of amino acids, proteins and antioxidants was clinically tested on people across all hair types, by stylists and by Rihanna herself.
While ingredients used in the formulations include: Barbados gooseberry, upcycled jackfruit extract, hydrolysed vegetable protein, green tea extract and amino acids to “create a continuous loop of repair,” according to the brand, “which then helps to strengthen and prevent future breakage.” 
The brand, which was originally founded in London in 1948 as solution to treat WWII wounds and has since launched into multiple markets (excluding the UK), is finally coming back to its birthplace and launching into the UK beauty market.
New trends data has revealed that the term ‘polynucleotides’ has experienced a 2,446% increase in Google searches over the past year. What is this trending cosmetic injectable and why is it so in demand?
In the aftermath of the European Parliament elections and ahead of the upcoming Cosmetics Europe Annual Conference (CEAC), we reveal what’s high on the agenda for Europe’s cosmetics industry right now…
By Citrine Informatics 
13 Feb 2025
By Catalent
Paid for and content provided by Meiyume
Paid for and in partnership with Univar Europe Ltd.
Paid for and content provided by Provital