RiRi photographed Rocky's cover of W Magazine. 

													By
												

	Michael Saponara


A$AP Rocky and Rihanna have two kids together — sons RZA and Riot — but the Harlem rapper knew she was the one since they connected when they were just emerging stars.

	Rocky detailed his special connection with RiRi and gushed about the mother of his children while gracing the cover of W Magazine on Tuesday (Oct. 8), which was shot by Rihanna. 

	“I knew from when we were younger,” he said of when he knew the nine-time Grammy winner — whom he called his “perfect person” in his Billboard cover story — was the one to be the mother of his kids. “We both did, I think. So it was only right when we got older. We just kind of reconnected.”

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	The “Fashion Killa” rapper also recalled a time when he was kicked out of a nightclub, and Rihanna came outside and stuck up for him to the staff to let him get inside. Rocky added that they began dating prior to the COVID-19 pandemic, around “2019, 2020.”

	“It’s a lot of history between us. I was kicked out of this nightclub,” he said. “They wasn’t giving me no access to it. This is when I’m just starting out, so nobody knows me. I was with Matthew Williams and Virgil. I was getting into it with the bouncers, and she came out. We just locked eyes. She didn’t even know us, but she was like, ‘Yo! Why y’all not letting him in? What’s wrong with you?! Let that man in!'”

	A portion of the interview was conducted across the street from Rocky’s NYC apartment, where the late creative Virgil Abloh shot the “Fashion Killa” music video in 2012. Rocky shared, “This is very special because this is the first place she fell in love with me.”

	RZA was born in 2022, and Riot followed the next year. The A$AP Mob frontman credited having his mom and Rihanna’s parents around to help them. “I’m so happy that I at least still got one parent,” he stated. “If I didn’t have the support of our [his and Rihanna’s] parents, I don’t know what we would be doing.”

	Rocky has been busy on the music side as well as he prepares for the release of his anticipated Don’t Be Dumb, which was delayed until the fall. He’s charted a trio of singles to the Billboard Hot 100 with “Hijack,” (No. 89) “Tailor Swif” (No. 84) and the J. Cole-assisted “Ruby Rosary” (No. 85).
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.