Social media users had described Harris' finale at the Miami-based festival as "underwhelming"
Calvin Harris has responded to online critics calling his set at this year's Ultra Music Festival "underwhelming."
The interaction took place in the comments section of Dancing Astronaut's Instagram post, which featured clips of Harris' closing set with a caption that read: "Hadn’t seen a @calvinharris set in almost a decade and his first time at @ultra since 2013 was a perfect ending to another all-time weekend at Bayfront".
In response to a comment describing the set as "underwhelming", Harris' lengthy reply explained his music choices during the Miami-based festival's headline slot.
"You expect me to play none of my songs? 3 songs since 2014 hmm how deep is your love - billion streams, this is what u came for - billion streams, my way - billion streams, slide - billion streams, feels - billion streams, one kiss - billion streams", Harris replied to the commenters. 
Read this next: 'I Created Disco' by Calvin Harris is a conceptual masterpiece
Harris, who last performed at Miami's Ultra Music Festival in 2013, continued: "You’d rather I play Fein trap edits today.. spent months making new versions of everything for this and you wonder why I never play EDM festivals". 
Fans quickly came to the internationally acclaimed DJ's defence, warning Harris not to "cater" to trolls, "you will always be one of the greatest producers of all time for many of us", they wrote.
A review of Harris' set by the Miami New Times described the performance as more akin to a "traditional concert" than a "DJ Set", as the tracks were reportedly "largely unchanged".
"Because of his massive catalogue of hits, he's probably the only DJ that can get away with this", the review concluded. 
Read this next: How to conquer Miami Music Week like a local 
Calvin Harris closed out the festival on the Ultra Main Stage following a headline set by Dutch DJ, Armin Van Buuren. 
Harris played tracks from his impressive catalogue of hits, including a remix of the 2016 chart-topper 'This Is What You Came For' featuring Rihanna and the two-time platinum-certified "Feel so Close" from his third studio album. 
This year the US-based EDM festival faced difficulties due to severe weather and was forced to close early on opening night. 
Despite adverse weather conditions, festivalgoers were seen making the most of the electronic music event, dancing in the mud throughout the festival grounds.
Check out Dancing Astronaut's Instagram post below.
A post shared by Dancing Astronaut (@dancingastro)
Belle Richardson is Mixmag's Digital Intern, follow her on Twitter

      A weekly rundown of everything you need to know in music and culture
    

  Mixmag will use the information you provide to send you the Mixmag newsletter using Mailchimp as our marketing platform. You can change your mind at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in the footer of any email you receive from us. By clicking sign me up you agree that we may process your information in accordance with our privacy policy. Learn more about Mailchimp's privacy practices here.
  

      A weekly rundown of everything you need to know in music and culture
    

  Mixmag will use the information you provide to send you the Mixmag newsletter using Mailchimp as our marketing platform. You can change your mind at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in the footer of any email you receive from us. By clicking sign me up you agree that we may process your information in accordance with our privacy policy. Learn more about Mailchimp's privacy practices here.