Meghan Markle has made a cameo in a new advert for her favourite luxurious shoe designer Aquazzura which features a snap of the duchess from her engagement photoshoot.
The lavish Italian designer label has shared its latest advert for its footwear which included photographs from the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's engagement photoshoot as well as their wedding reception where Meghan is wearing their creations. The new campaign also features other celebrity fans of the brand including Beyoncé, Taylor Swift and Queen Letizia of Spain.
The 20-second ad shows beautiful images of Aquazzura heels across the pages of glossy magazines, with its pineapple trademark clearly seen, the Mirror reports. The line up includes a pair of nude suede heels that Meghan wore to step out in her 2017 engagement photo shoot alongside her husband Prince Harry.
The 'Matilde' heels retail for £550 and quickly became a fashion favourite after the former Suits actress wore them for her pictures.
In another shot, the duchess is in her evening outfit that she wore at her wedding where she is wearing a pair of white satin heels with a baby blue sole from the brand.
Meghan isn't the only famous fan of the Italian brand as other A-list shoppers include models Poppy Delevingne and Gigi Hadid, actresses Gwyneth Paltrow, Salma Hayek and Nicole Kidman and singers Rihanna and Beyonce.
The new campaign comes as the Sussexes' are heading north to Canada ahead of the upcoming Invictus Games in 2025.
Get the latest news sent straight to your messages by joining our WhatsApp community today.
You'll receive daily updates on breaking news as well as the top headlines across Scotland.
No one will be able to see who is signed up and no one can send messages except the Daily Record team.
All you have to do is click here if you're on mobile, select 'Join Community' and you're in!
If you're on a desktop, simply scan the QR code above with your phone and click 'Join Community'.
We also treat our community members to special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners. If you don’t like our community, you can check out any time you like.
To leave our community click on the name at the top of your screen and choose 'exit group'.
If you’re curious, you can read our Privacy Notice.
The couple snubbed the Super Bowl in Las Vegas last weekend after they were personally invited to the big game by NFL bosses.
Sources told Page Six that Harry and Meghan chose to not attend as they were "busy preparing for their trip to Canada for their Invictus Games opening event next week."
The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are set to spend three days in Canada to celebrate one year until the 2025 Invictus Games.
Last week, Harry made a surprise visit at the NFL Honours in Las Vegas where he gave a speech ahead of the game.
An NFL insider said: "It is well known the Prince loves American football, and bosses have extended an invitation to him following his appearance at the awards.
"This year's Super Bowl is expected to be one of the most watched ever due largely to Taylor being there to support her boyfriend."
Get the latest celebrity gossip and telly news sent straight to your inbox. Sign up to our daily Showbiz newsletter here.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.