Did the singer take it too far, or is it artist expression.
Source: The Hollywood Curtain/Bauer-Griffin / Getty
Rihanna always pushes the envelope regarding style, and her latest cover for Interview magazine is proof. The Fenty Empire owner garnered lots of attention with her latest spread, upsetting various religious communities with her racy, naughty nun ensemble.
The billionaire mogul posed in a nun habit, an oversized button up blouse, bold red lips, smokey blue eye shadow, and extra thin eyebrows.
The cover was shared in a collaborative post between the artist and publication. Fans did not hold back their disapproval of the images, calling them “distasteful.”
“I don’t care what anyone says, like genuinely speaking out of a place of respect and love. But it’s so dehumanising and degrading to see Christianity being continuously mocked, as well as witnessing religious imagery being used for the wrong purposes. No matter what religious convictions we uphold we should respect them, regardless of where we stand. And seeing people endorse this is honestly just disrespectful. Respect isn’t hard but it’s clearly such a difficult concept for brain dead people to grasp.
Blasphemy and disrespect isn’t cute, and yes before y’all go on a coke rant I’m aware that Ariana made ‘God is a woman,’” one fan commented.
“This is just distasteful, I’m not even Christian or Catholic and I feel like it’s just disrespect and in poor taste,” wrote another fan.
The ultra-thin/barely there eyebrows, bright, smokey eyeshadows, and her overall punk look evoke the 90s grunge era in the UK. The singer wears several ensembles straight out of an underground rave setting in the middle of London. While fans deem the cover offensive, her form of self-expression remains consistent with her character.
When Rihanna first stepped on the music scene, fans loved her authenticity and raw attitude. She has always pushed boundaries in all areas of her artistry. The creative talent is all about making statements from her sultry music to the shift she made in the beauty industry by creating an inclusive, full-spectrum makeup line and a lingerie brand highlighting all body types to her eclectic wardrobe that keeps her on the best-dressed list.
What do you think? Is Rihanna’s latest cover offensive or just another example of the artist pushing the envelope to keep folks talking?
DON’T MISS…
Rihanna Gives “Mob Wife” Aesthetic Vibes In Paris
6 Times Rihanna Proved That Blondes Have More Fun


Rihanna Serves Naughty Nun Realness On ‘Interview’ Magazine’s Spring Issue, And Fans Aren’t Happy 
						was originally published on
						hellobeautiful.com



									Six Flags America to Permanently Close After 2025 Season								

									LISTEN LIVE								

									The Biggest News Stories Of 2025								

									Here Are Some Notable Moments Of Black Culture In 2025								

									Iggy Azalea Sex Tape Leaked [VIDEO]								

									What’s Happening In Baltimore: Top Stories You Need to Know in 2025								

									Wale featuring Rihanna "Bad" Remix [FULL SONG, POLL]								

									Cinco De Breezy Weekend: Your Chance To Win Tickets To See Chris Brown!								

					We care about your data. See our privacy policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.