Enough with the darn cowgirl looks—it’s nearly October, then comes the Wicked movie.… We need to start dressing like witches! At least Natalie Portman got the memo, arriving at Paris Fashion Week serving full The Craft with a ribbon choker bearing a spooky amulet. The coven is assembling.…
This content can also be viewed on the site it originates from.
Attending the Christian Dior ready-to-wear spring-summer 2025 show in Paris, the Oscar winner and longtime Dior ambassador pulled her hair into a Salem-appropriate slicked-back bun and accessorized with a choker made of a black “Dior”-embossed velvet ribbon strung with a bee pendant and a single pearl. Okay, Agatha All Along.
For the event, Portman paired a lace-up corset with a netted skirt, very much indicating that she’s a biker chick who will hex your Harley. The velour jacket has a bit of a bomber shape up top, with three-quarter-length sleeves.
Those boots! The buckles! She’s a little bit Wednesday Addams, a little bit rock and roll, and she definitely just watched Beetlejuice Beetlejuice, right?
Portman is clearly a big fan of this fabric. At the Deauville American Film Festival earlier in September, she wore a gorgeous, belted dress with puff sleeves and another slightly gothic choker.
In July, she sported a structural minidress at the Lady in the Lake premiere.
All by Dior, naturally.
Freshly divorced and a certified “bad bitch” (as dubbed by Rihanna), Natalie Portman has been leaning slightly into her Black Swan energy. Portman’s always had a neat and responsible image (she went to Harvard, after all), so this is her version of the Dark Feminine Energy trend, which we’re already predicting as the look for fall, both in clothes and makeup. We’d love to see Nat a little outside her comfort zone in a dark lip, maybe black nails or some smudged eye shadow?
In the meantime, keep the chokers coming—they’re the perfect combination of princess, punk, and dead Victorian sorceress.
More from Glamour
See More Stories & Guides
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Glamour may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices