A PAEDOPHILE who was caught asking a nine-year-old girl to send indecent photographs has been found guilty by a jury.


  Christopher Philips stood trial at Oxford Crown Court charged with five counts of child sexual offences which occurred between May and July of 2021.


  The 47-year-old was charged after a member of Forbidden Scotland, an online predator hunting team, posed as a 13-year-old girl named Rihanna and reported him to police for alleged sexual communication.


Read the opening of the trial here: 'Your hearts may have sank': Child sex-messaging trial hears charges


  After a short trial, a jury returned a verdict less than an hour after retiring.


  They found Philips guilty of attempting to engage in sexual communication with a child, attempting to cause or incite a child to engage in sexual activity, sexual communication with a child, causing or inciting a child under 13 to engage in sexual activity and one count of possession of an indecent photograph of a 13-year-old girl.


  After Forbidden Scotland reported Philips, his address in Breame Oak Drive, Wheatley, was searched by officers.


  It was discovered Philips had been engaged in ‘an enormous number’ of conversations with underage people – including a nine-year-old girl.


READ MORE: Serving Thames Valley officer in court charged with battery


  They also found a handwritten note in Philips’s handwriting with the name of a child pornography website.


  Upon arrest, he told police he believed the girls he was messaging to be adults.


  Philips will now be sentenced at the same court at a later date.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                

                            Last Updated: 

Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.