By MARGARET ABRAMS FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  16:31, 22 January 2024   |  Updated:  20:09, 22 January 2024   
 5
View  comments
Want to guarantee you have a star-studded New York Fashion Week experience, even if you're not hitting the runway?
With fashion shows spread out all over New York City from February 9 through 14, it's hard to decide on where to stop for a quick cocktail or post-show meal. 
Some of the below restaurants are quite literally fashionista approved, as NYFW partnered with some of the most iconic NYC dining destinations to offer up curated menus and the ability to win tickets to a show. 
To celebrate the impending fashion season, FEMAIL rounded up a few of the best New York Fashion Week dining and nightlife destinations - from a swanky 1831 townhouse that serves up inventive, it-girl approved martinis, to Taylor Swift's girls' night go-to, Temple Bar, where guests can enjoy 'caviar bumps.'
Temple Bar is most famous for offering up $20 'caviar bumps,' when diners put a dollop of the pricey fish eggs on their fist and lick it off as a way to celebrate a wild night out
Taylor Swift is a fan of this moody, dimly-lit bar with speakeasy vibes and a stellar cocktail list, including a whole collection of inventive martinis. The pop star enjoyed a girls' night out with pal Sophie Turner at the hidden-away lounge in NoHo. 
Temple Bar has a discreet vibe that makes it entirely possible a celebrity will be quietly sipping a martini at the table right next to you. Velvet drapes and leather banquettes give the celeb-favorite bar an edge.  
Temple Bar is most famous for offering up $20 'caviar bumps,' when diners put a dollop of the pricey fish eggs on their fist and lick it off as a way to celebrate a wild night out. 
Taylor and Sophie aren't the only celebrity fans - Emily Ratajkowski and Cara Delevingne are regulars, as well as fashionistas like Anna Taylor-Joy, Sienna Miller, and Nicky Hilton. 
For New York Fashion Week, Temple Bar is pulling out all the stops, and diners can enjoy the famed martinis - like the olive oil martini or the banana option - paired with caviar slides with crème fraiche, half a dozen oysters with caviar, or a full caviar service with all the trimmings. 
Before the clubsteraunt's official opening, Jean's hosted a fashion week dinner for Frame, cementing itself as an A-list approved restaurant when Gisele Bundchen hit the restaurant
This farm-to-table, new American Noho dining destination is already a hit with fashionistas after opening its doors in October. 
Max Chodorow, the son of famed restaurateur Jeffrey Chodorow, opened it up in the former home of Butter, which was previously a celeb haven in its own right (and a favorite with Blair Waldorf on Gossip Girl). 
Before the clubsteraunt's official opening, Jean's hosted a fashion week dinner for Frame, cementing itself as an A-list approved restaurant when Gisele Bundchen hit the restaurant in an oversized denim jacket sans pants. 
Eckhaus Latta also celebrated fashion week at Jean's, and the restaurant's Instagram has its own highlight of 'fits people wear to party the night away - so dress to impress. 
Even the Yeah Yeah Yeahs got in on the buzz, performing at J. Crew party for a crowd of fashion folks. 
But it's not just about the fashion - the food is equally memorable, with small booth tables heaped full of French fries and burgers thanks to Ashwin Deshmukh, who's also a managing partner at the can't miss vegan restaurant Superiority Burger. 
Diners can end the night with an oversized chocolate chip cookie paired with a shot of milk for a sugar high.
The buzzy hot spot complete with a pool table is from the team behind Ray's, another downtown locale beloved by celebrities
The swanky spot inside an 1831 townhouse is tucked away on a cobblestone street in Noho and is the coziest way to hide away (although there might be an A-lister nearby). 
The downtown locale is already a favorite with the fashion set, even hosting an afterparty for Rodarte. 
The buzzy hot spot, complete with a pool table, is from the team behind Ray's, another downtown locale beloved by celebrities. 
The cocktails are as inventive as the aesthetic, which is somewhere between a lounge, buzzy bar, and restaurant. 
Try the Pretty Vacant, made with chili oil mezcal, spiced pair and elote, or the Caprese Martini with a dash of balsamic vinegar.
Gigi Hadid, who lives nearby in a luxury Noho apartment, has been spotted at the luxe lounge, as well as Famke Jannssen and Trevor Noah. 
Visitors are sure to spot a celebrity at this starry nightlife destination owned by Succession star Nick Braun, who played the infamous Cousin Greg
With locations in both the Greenpoint neighborhood in Brooklyn and on the Lower East Side in Manhattan, visitors are sure to spot a celebrity at this starry nightlife destination owned by Succession star Nick Braun, who played the infamous Cousin Greg. 
Justin Theroux is a big supporter of Ray's and has been known to pop behind the bar to serve drinks. 
With a more laid-back interior than others on this list (think dive bar-inspired, including a jukebox and wood-paneled walls), it's perfect for a night out, with a line winding around the block. Stars like Dua Lipa and Lady Gaga agree.
Unsurprisingly, Ray's gets the official NYFW seal of approval and will be serving up specialty cocktail from the shag carpeted basement all week long. Alternatively, the bar serves up Miller High Life and other go-to dive bar drinks. 
Taylor Swift and Blake Lively are big fans of this Italian red sauce joint with long lines wrapping around the block to get a table 
Taylor Swift, Sophie Turner, Brittany Mahomes, and Blake Lively enjoyed a girls' night at the Italian establishment
Justin Bieber and Rihanna also frequent the A-list approved, exclusive restaurant
This old school red sauce joint in Soho has long been a favorite with celebrities - so expect to see plenty of A-listers inside during NYFW. 
Because of its celeb clientele, it's hard to get a reservation, leading to a long line outside as people hope to try the signature veal parmigiana - or enjoy a star sighting. 
Taylor Swift, Sophie Turner, Brittany Mahomes, and Blake Lively enjoyed a girls' night at the Italian establishment.
Justin Bieber and Rihanna are also fans (their pictures are on the walls as proof). 
The owner's son, Emilio Vitolo Jr, previously dated Katie Holmes and was spotted with Zoe Kravitz before getting engaged to influencer Sammy Piccininni.
A Louis Vuitton chest opens up to reveal caviar, oysters, duck, and wagyu beef starting at $180 per person
Megan Fox dined at this upscale Korean Steakhouse to celebrate her new book Pretty Boys are Poisonous and Paula Abdul stopped by to commemorate her new Boradway show. 
Now, they're launching a luxurious new dining experience for only 10 guests at the executive chef's counter. 
But the most dazzling development is their Louis Vuitton premium experience for a truly memorable evening. 
An LV chest opens up to reveal caviar, oysters, duck, and wagyu beef starting at $180 per person. 
A whole slew of all-stars have dined at Ralph Lauren's preppy establishment, including Taylor Swift , Meghan Markle, and Serena Williams
The Polo Bar has been a hot spot since it opened in 2015, and it's still just as star-studded and difficult get into. 
Once you secure a reservation at this Instagrammable destination, expect to see A-listers aplenty, especially during fashion week. 
A whole slew of all-stars have dined at Ralph Lauren's preppy establishment, including Taylor Swift, Meghan Markle, and Serena Williams. 
It's also the ultimate celebrity date night destination for celebrities, including George and Amal Clooney, Chrissy Teigen and John Legend, and Nick Jonas and Priyanka Chopra. 
Don't expect model off-duty laid-back attire, as there's a strict dress code. No athleisure, hoodies or jeans are allowed. 
This Meatpacking District restaurant opened in September and is already a hit with stars like Travis Kelce
This Meatpacking District restaurant opened in September and is already a hit with stars like Travis Kelce, Mark Wahlberg, G-Eazy, Darren Criss, and a whole slew of models, like Jessica Naz, who just so happens to be the owner's fiancé. 
Harpers Bazaar Vietnam and other fashion magazines have hosted parties at the Mediterranean establishment, guaranteeing models flock to the upscale dining room next door to the Gansevoort Hotel. 
The Mykonos-inspired restaurant is thanks to Noble 33, the team that's also behind Toca Madera and Casa Madera.
The buzzy piano lounge is a hit with stars like Suki Waterhouse and her beau and baby's father, Robert Pattinson, as well as their pals Emma Stone and Mischa Barton
This celeb-approved piano bar and music lounge on the Lower East Side is already hit with model turned musician Suki Waterhouse and her beau, Robert Pattinson. 
The couple hosted a party at the Moxy Hotel TAO Hospitality Group lounge attended by Emma Stone, Mischa Barton and more of their celebrity pals. 
The intimate lounge is from the team behind The Flower Shop, another LES hotspot with a massive line-up of celebrity fans. 
With blue velvet banquettes and Andy Warhol-inspired art, it's a must-visit during the upcoming fashion week. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group