Fans have speculated that Drake dissed Rihanna on his latest album, 'For All The Dogs.'

							By 

	Marc Griffin

Staff Writer, News

A$AP Rocky has seemingly defended Rihanna‘s honor in a new Drake diss. 

	On Friday (Jan. 12), Rocky appeared on Kid Cudi‘s new album, INSANO. The track in question, “WOW,” is a 4-minute cut produced by theycallmeParker, Dot Da Genius, Kid Jupiter, and Jean Baptiste. The father of two used his feature on the track to apparently fire a shot at Drizzy. 

	“Got it extended in my jeans/Yeah, my Dickies got the crease, I got kisses on my cheek/I got glitter on my teeth, I got lipstick on my briefs/Keep it cool, keep it smooth, why you makin’ a scene?,” he raps. “Plus my boo got the Glizzy, keep the receipt if it’s beef/Cheffin’ mans, Boyardee, with the latest Goyard/Me and my vamp bae got our own handshake/These ni**as can’t stomach me, gotta go get a mandrake.” 

	A mandrake is a plant with herbs used to treat stomach ulcers, constipation, hay fever, and more. Rocky also mentions beef in his verse and his desire to “keep receipts” of people sending threats. 

	










	In October 2023, fans were convinced that Drake dissed Rihanna on For All The Dogs. Fans speculated that “Fear of Heights” and “Virginia Beach” were shots at the Fenty owner.
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Kendrick Lamar Called "Hypocrite" For Performing With "Deadbeat" Playboi Carti After Dissing Drake		
			







	On “Fear of Heights,” the Canadian rapper says “anti” — which happens to be the singer’s 2016 album title. He allegedly clowned their “average sex” and claimed Rocky “can’t leave her” as he did. 

	“Why they make it sound like I’m still hung up on you?/ That could never be,” he begins the track. “Gyal can’t ruin me/ Better him than me, better it’s not me/I’m anti, I’m anti/ Yeah, and the sex was average with you/ Yeah, I’m anti ’cause I had it with you/ Okay, I’m auntie like your daddy sister/ Auntie like a family picture/ And I had way badder bi**hes than you, TBH/ Yeah, that man, he still with you, he can’t leave you/Y’all go on vacation, I bet it’s Antilles.”
Fans think Drake is dissing Rihanna on his new song, “Fear of Heights” from his new album, ‘FOR ALL THE DOGS.’ pic.twitter.com/NJ2H0W4zjL

	On “Virginia Beach,” he references Rihanna’s education. Drake mentions a woman with a Parson’s degree that he could’ve “treated better.” And, if you’re wondering, yes, the songstress does, in fact, have a degree from Parsons School of Design.

	“I know what you say/ You say I coulda treated you better or whatever, but/ I don’t know, I think I did alright/ Know what I’m sayin’?/ And you know how you get/ Drawin’ conclusions like you got a Parsons degree or somethin’/ I coulda treated you better, that’s crazy/ Nope.”

	










	Listen to Cudi and Rocky’s “WOW” below.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.