Hi, what are you looking for?
By
Published
Science Editor Jana Bazeed takes the readers ‘underground’ for a Rum Jungle concert with excellent supporting acts.
On 25 September 2024, up-and-coming Australian indie band Rum Jungle played at London’s Village Underground. Some fans had come from all over the UK to watch them play, Roar found out.
Located in the heart of Shoreditch, Village Underground lived up to its name: the relatively nondescript entrance would be easy to miss in the damp London evening if not for the eager crowds and a simple A4 sheet announcing the set-times. Clad in flannel, mullets and leather, fans were lining up down the street — indie sleaze is indeed alive and well.
The first supporting act, London-based pop-punk outfit Absolutely Anytime, set the mood for the night. Crowds were left buzzing with anticipation. The performance of their latest single, ‘say what u want!’ showcased the band’s bright and youthful energy. However, it was ‘Stars and Disasters’ that became a real standout of the night, capturing the confusion and rush of emotions that can come with new love.
Keo, the second supporting act, started strong with a performance of ‘Deserts’, the heavier guitar and raw vocals almost hypnotising. Throughout the 45-minute set, their 90s alt-rock influences were evident in everything, from tunes to the attire; the melancholic sound and introspective lyrics of ‘Fly’ and ‘Thorns’ brought the likes of Radiohead to mind.
At 9:45 sharp, there was a palpable shift in energy as Rum Jungle took to the stage. Fans were screaming and jumping in joy as the first notes of ‘Electric Snowman’ played. The band’s latest release ‘Weather’s Better’ encapsulates their laid-back, beachy feel — the perfect track for the close of the summer as we return to the routine that comes with a new academic year. From chatting with attendees after the show, ‘Did The Morning Let You Down’ was a clear fan-favourite. As a relative newbie to the band, I was pleasantly surprised by their cover of Rihanna’s ‘Stay’. Their heavier rendition was reminiscent of American rock band Thirty Seconds to Mars’ own take on the heartbreaking tune, albeit with something entirely their own mixed in.
All in all, it was a great night full of good music and unadulterated fun. It’s safe to say the bands have earned themselves a new fan.
Science Editor. Third-year MSci Physics and Philosophy student at King's College London, with a keen interest in science communication, and the intersection of science, philosophy, and society.
Comment Editor Rayhan Hussain reflects on the Conservative Party’s heavy local election losses, questioning Reform’s long-term credibility and urging the centre-right to remain united...
On 15 April, King’s College London Student Union (KCLSU) launched its ‘Halls for All’ campaign, led by Welfare & Community Student Officer Haneen Farid,...
Following the fatal collision on March 18, a campaign to fully pedestrianise Strand Campus has attracted significant support from students at King’s College London,...
KCLSU President-Elect Baiyu Liu shouted “Allahu Akbar” and voiced support for Israel at a London University Conservatives event, in apparent contradiction of his campaign...
Staff writer Grace Holloway gives a quick preview of what to expect at this year’s Macadam Cup. If Varsity hasn’t worn you out, the...
Flipboard
Reddit
Pinterest
Whatsapp
Whatsapp
Email
WordPress website Management & Hosting by ManagedWP