ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
INGLEWOOD, CALIFORNIA - FEBRUARY 13: Eminem performs during the Pepsi Super Bowl LVI Halftime Show ... More at SoFi Stadium on February 13, 2022 in Inglewood, California. Eminem's singles "Mockingbird" and "The Real Slim Shady" both return to the same chart in the U.K., while several other of the rapper's smashes continue to sell. (Photo by Kevin C. Cox/Getty Images)
Eminem has spent much of 2024 promoting his new album The Death of Slim Shady (Coup de Grâce) and its deluxe re-release. The set produced a number of successful singles, though most of them have largely faded away by now. As his latest offerings disappear, some of the rapper’s oldest and most famous tunes remain hugely popular, and a few of them even find a way to return.
The hip-hop powerhouse fills six spaces on the Official Hip Hop and R&B Singles chart, which ranks the top-selling tracks in the United Kingdom in those genres. One-third of those cuts are returning favorites, which regularly find their way back to, and then fall away from, this list.
The highest-ranking returning track from Eminem’s catalog is “Mockingbird.” That smash reappears at No. 20 on the roster, becoming a big hit all over again.
The last of Eminem’s tunes on the Official Hip Hop and R&B Singles chart this week is also a familiar one. “The Real Slim Shady” is back at No. 33 on the 40-spot tally at the moment.
Between the two comebacks, “The Real Slim Shady” is the bigger hit. That single has risen to No. 1, and it’s now spent 411 weeks on the Official Hip Hop and R&B Singles tally. “Mockingbird,” meanwhile, has only climbed to third place, and it has yet to reach 200 frames anywhere on the ranking.
Eminem’s loftiest win on the sales chart is one of his latest singles, so clearly there’s still an audience for his recent work. “Houdini,” which introduced his 2024 album, slips one rung to settle at No. 6 on the Official Hip Hop and R&B Singles tally.
Between that top 10 and the end of the ranking, Eminem claims three more hit singles. “Without Me” shoots from No. 26 to No. 17 this frame. “Lose Yourself” and “Love the Way You Lie” with Rihanna are only two rungs apart from one another, with the latter settling at No. 29 while the latter collaboration is up to No. 31.