Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Tyler has been in business with Louis Vuitton before — he composed a soundtrack for the fall-winter menswear show in 2022 — but this marks his first outing as designer. 

							By 

	Chris Gardner


	Tyler, the Creator says Pharrell Williams has always left doors open for him, and that gesture of goodwill has led the multi-hyphenate to Louis Vuitton for a new capsule collection that debuted on Thursday. 

	Williams, a longtime friend and collaborator of Tyler, took over as creative director of menswear at Louis Vuitton in 2023, and since that time, he’s welcomed many friends into the fold. Rihanna starred in an early campaign and she also took a seat in the front row at Williams’ first show in Paris alongside the likes of Beyoncé and Jay-Z, Zendaya, Kim Kardashian, Lenny Kravitz and Jared Leto. 

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	Business
			



	
		
					Webby Awards 2025: Rihanna, Taylor Swift, Kendrick Lamar, Taika Waititi Among Winners		
			














	
	Lifestyle
			



	
		
					Zendaya and On Unveil Cinematic Campaign Introducing New Season's Styles		
			








	Tyler, the Creator was also on the scene that night in Paris, and the items he helped design for this spring 2024 men’s collection are said to be an extension of Williams’ “preppy and dandy” vision for the house that he’s been rolling out ever since. Tyler has been in business with Louis Vuitton before — he composed a soundtrack for the fall-winter menswear show in 2022 — but this marks his first outing as designer. Per Louis Vuitton, his signature touches include a craggy monogram hand-drawn by Tyler, the Creator, and representations of daisies and Airedale Terriers hidden within LV flowers. 

	Items in the collection include a cotton aviator jacket with monogram fleece collar ($3,300), an embroidered varsity jacket ($6,250), tailored chino pants ($1,220), a handle trunk ($11,100), damier printed hooded anorak ($3,050), an embroidered raincoat ($4,550), a monogram printed short-sleeved silk shirt ($1,840) and matching shorts ($1,590), and monogram denim dungarees ($3,550), jacket ($3,300) and pants ($2,080).

	Other items include a Sac Golf and a mini cross-body golf bag, a travel chessboard comes with chess pieces hand-sketched by Tyler, the Creator evoking melted chocolate, chocolate or vanilla colored belts and bag icons of the Maison, a Sac Chien dog carrier, a special-edition Courrier Lozine 110 trunk, dandy loafer in chocolate or black embossed Monogram leather with craggy seams, derby boots in baby blue or pink embossed Monogram nubuck set on a craggy micro sole, waffle slides in chocolate, pistachio or custard leather with an LV leather logo, and trainers in chocolate, baby blue or pistachio leather. See the full collection here. 

	










	On Thursday night, March 21, Tyler, the Creator was the guest of honor for a party at Louis Vuitton’s men’s store on Rodeo Drive in Beverly Hills, where two Louis Vuitton specialists were hand-painting monogram luggage with some of his designs. The house’s collaborator attended with his mom and welcomed guests including celebrities Steven Yeun, Barry Keoghan, Jaden Smith, Donald Glover, model Julez Smith Jr. and singer Peso Pluma.
Men's Spring 2024. A fresh ode to the season, the new capsule from Men's Creative Director @Pharrell and Tyler infuses #LouisVuitton's iconic codes with playful pastel hues. Discover the collection at https://t.co/S8vQawtAaP#Tyler #LVMenSpring24 #PharrellWilliams pic.twitter.com/O112z1XjUE

	“Tyler has been my close friend and collaborator for years and we’ve always connected on music and design. This collaboration is unique to Louis Vuitton because it’s a natural extension of our LVERS philosophy, building on our network of incredible artists and creatives,” Williams said in a statement released on Thursday. “There are so many elements specific to Tyler built into these pieces and it’s been inspiring to see him hone in on his craft and collaborate with him for this Spring collection.”

	Tyler said his focus in designing was to make things he would wear all the time. “I dress the same in a meeting as I do a performance or grocery store trip, so hand drawing the monogram felt like the perfect balance to me. The chessboard is one of the greatest things I’ve made and is definitely my favorite thing from the collection. The team was great to work with, it kinda felt like Big with Tom Hanks. [Pharrell] has always left a door open for me, but I still can’t believe this one.”
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.