Sign up for your daily dose of dope.
Contact us by Email
Aug. 23 2024, Published 4:00 p.m. ET
Angelina Jolie, who reportedly lost her virginity at 14, has several bedroom confessions that shocked her fans. She revealed her sexual activities started when she was still a student, and she would take off her clothes at the time while making out with boys.
Despite those escapades, the Maleficent actress reportedly did not feel enough.
She said: "I was no longer a little girl. In a moment of wanting to feel closer to my boyfriend I grabbed a knife and cut him.
"He cut me back. We had an exchange of something and we were covered in blood, my heart was racing."
On a Vanderpump Rules special in 2023, Ariana Madix surprised her costars with her unexpected sex confession.
"I don't c-- from penetration, unless it's penetration in the (butt). I'll c-- from that real fast."
Channing Tatum admitted during his Facebook Live interview with Cosmopolitan what his sex life with his then-wife, Jenna Dewan, looked like.
He said: "Me and sex are friends. We're animals. It's not a means. It's something that enriches your life. It's one of the clearest ways that we communicate; it boils things down to a very primal level."  
Tatum also disclosed he let Dewan "do all the work", adding, "I just lay there… She's really athletic".
Speaking with Bustle, Charlie Puth revealed he played with his privates while listening to Maroon 5 song This Love.
He said: "Now I'm good friends with Adam Levine. I told him and he was like, 'That's really weird.'"
While Chelsea Handler was still dating Ted Harbert, they reportedly had a threesome with her masseuse because she was "very turned on by this woman".
She told Andy Cohen on SiriusXM's Andy Radio: "I ended up hooking up with her several times without the guy."
Chrissy Teigen and John Legend confessed to joining the Mile High Club.
She told Cosmopolitan: "We were on our way to Thailand to see my parents, flying commercial first-class. We were under a blanket. We weren't even in one of those pod things. I feel like we should get a trophy for that."
According to reports, Heidi Klum had sex with Tom Kaulitz five times a day during the early days of their relationship. In addition, the America's Got Talent judge admitted to doing something to make her NSFW escapades with her partner hotter.
She said: "Some people are more experimental in bed and others are more boring. If you are wild and crazy, bring it on so the other person is well aware that you have little devil horns that come out every once in a while."
Klum revealed the rituals included her dressing up in different costumes.
Even Jane Fonda found a wild way to satisfy her sexual desires without anyone's help.
In an interview, the Grace and Frankie alum revealed how she spent time with her adult toys.
Fonda said: "I'm a big fan of vibrators.
"For Christmas everybody sent me vibrators. It's so funny, you should see my drawer next to my bed."
After starring in American Pie, Jennifer Coolidge reportedly slept with over 200 people and treated it as one of the benefits of doing the movie.
Coolidge told Variety: "I got a lot of play being a MILF and I got a lot of sexual action from American Pie."
Jessica Simpson enjoys escapades even when she is pregnant. In 2012, she told Ryan Seacrest about the bed experience she had with Eric Johnson.
She said: "I was definitely feeling intimate. I'm kind of unstoppable right now. The Big O is, like, the biggest O ever!"
Joe Jonas revealed in a 2016 interview he lost his virginity to Ashley Greene when he was 20. In addition, he found the best late-night hobby when he was a teen!
He said: "I would use my address to log into the websites, and I did this for seven days straight.
"A month later – and by the way, my dad was a pastor at the time – for a week or two straight there was a postcard with a naked woman saying 'Come join us again Joe' or 'We really miss you' or 'You naughty boy. Come visit us again.'"
During her appearance on KISS FM in 2012, Kesha opened up about her supernatural bedroom experience.
She said: "I was in Texas, Fort Worth, Texas. And I had something wake me up while I was in bed with my boyfriend at the time, and it was a touch down the body.
"I woke up and looked at the end of the bed and there was an apparition of a woman. So, full disclosure, I never actually slept with a ghost. But she did wake me up in a very sensual way."
Daily updates from the heart of Hollywood, right to your inbox
By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you’re agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
Although Kim Kardashian and Pete Davidson broke up, the Keeping Up With the Kardashians alum had a wild experience with her now-ex.
In an episode of The Kardashians, the KKW Beauty mogul confessed to doing something steamy with Davidson.
She said: "I was like, 'My grandma told me that you really live life when you have sex in front of the fireplace.' And so, we had sex in front of the fireplace, in honor of you. I know that's really creepy."
Even Kim Kardashian's mom, Kris Jenner, has had her own raunchiest moments.
In her book Kris Jenner … And All Things Kardashian, the momager divulged she and her former lover Todd Waterman did it anywhere they liked: in cars, tennis courts, garages and even a pool house.
Rihanna spoke candidly about her bedroom escapades in her interview with Rolling Stone, noting she always likes to "take charge".
The mom-of-two said: "Being submissive in the bedroom is really fun. You get to be a little lady, to have somebody be macho and in charge of your s---. That's s--- to me."
She added: "I like to be spanked. Being tied up is fun. I like to keep it spontaneous. Sometimes whips and chains can be overly planned – you gotta stop, get the whip from the drawer downstairs. I'd rather have him use his hands."
Email us at tips@radaronline.com
It's all over all right. On May 14, just one day before news broke that Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez are allegedly headed toward a divorce, the singer was spotted house-hunting on her own in Beverly Hills, RadarOnline.com revealed.
BY Aaron Johnson
Clint Eastwood has hit his “frankly, I don’t give a damn” moment in life!
BY Radar Staff
Tom Cruise is living up to his Top Gun image by splashing a fortune choppering his new female “best pal” around Britain – after he “fell in love” with the way she's overcome her disability.
BY Aaron Tinney
More From Radar Online
Opt-out of personalized ads
© Copyright 2025 RADAR ONLINE™️. A DIVISION OF MYSTIFY ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK INC. RADAR ONLINE is a registered trademark. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy. People may receive compensation for some links to products and services. Offers may be subject to change without notice.