By 

	Jon Blistein


Tems has finally announced her long-awaited debut album, Born in the Wild, which his set to arrive in May. 

	The Nigerian artist shared a short trailer for the LP, which appeared to feature a snippet of the album’s title track. The lyrics find Tems meditating on her new global superstar status, while also reflecting on her childhood in Lagos: “It’s all over the news, all over the news, I know this/Under the sun, struggling to find my focus/When I was young, younger then/I was always running away,” she sings.

	Then, during the refrain, Tems repeats, “Born in the wild, born in the wild,” before switching it up, “I grew up in the wilderness/Didn’t know much about openness.” 

	While Born in the Wild will arrive in May via ’93/RCA Records, an exact release date has not been divulged. No other details were made available either, like a track list or info about collaborators and guests. 

Born in the Wild will arrive six years after Tems bowed with her debut single, 2018’s “Mr Rebel.” In the years since, she’s enjoyed a remarkable rise with hits of her own including 2020’s “Damages” and 2022’s “Free Mind,” as well as her star-making feature on Wizkid’s 2021 smash, “Essence,” and appearance on 2022’s “Wait for U” with Future and Drake. Last year, Tems released a pair of new singles, “Me & U” and “Not an Angel.”












	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Elon Musk: It Is ‘Outrageous’ to ‘Claim That I’m a Nazi’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					'SNL' Weekend Update Roasts Trump's Pope Dream, Stock Market Pleas		
	









	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	








	In 2020, Tems released her first EP, For Broken Ears, then followed that up in 2021 with If Orange Was a Place. She also helped Rihanna write “Lift Me Up” for the Black Panther: Wakanda Forever soundtrack, and covered the reggae classic, “No Woman, No Cry.” 

	The Born in the Wild announcement comes on the heels of Tems’ set at the first weekend of Coachella, during which both Wizkid and Justin Bieber showed up to perform “Essence.” 
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.