It might be the biggest party this small west Indian city has ever seen. As billionaire industrialist Mukesh Ambani prepares for the wedding of his son this summer, he's expecting billionaires from around the world, heads of state and Hollywood and Bollywood royalty to attend a three-day bash in the family's hometown, starting Friday.
The nearly 1,200-person guest list includes Bill Gates, Mark Zuckerberg, Sunder Pichai and Ivanka Trump; Indian billionaires Gautam Adani and Kumar Mangalam Birla; legendary cricketer Sachin Tendulkar; and Bollywood celebrities such as Deepika Padukone, Shah Rukh Khan and Rani Mukherjee.
They'll be entertained by pop superstar Rihanna, magician David Blaine and famous Bollywood singers.
Watch NBC 4 free wherever you are
The party is in Jamnagar, a city of around 600,000 in a near-desert part of Gujarat state. It's the family's hometown, and the home of the main oil refinery of their business empire, Reliance Industries. There will also be traditional ceremonies in a temple complex.
On Wednesday, the Ambani family organized a community food service for 51,000 people living in nearby villages.
Get Tri-state area news delivered to your inbox with NBC New York's News Headlines newsletter.
Anant Ambani, 28, is set to marry longtime girlfriend Radhika Merchant in July. Merchant is the daughter of Viren Merchant, CEO of Encore Healthcare Pvt. Ltd., and entrepreneur Shaila Merchant.
The three-day pre-wedding bash provides a glimpse of the opulence expected at the wedding itself.
Guests will don jungle-themed outfits to visit an animal rescue center run by Anant Ambani. Known as “Vantara,” meaning "Star Of The Forest,” the 3,000 acre (1,200 hectare) center houses abused, injured and endangered animals, especially elephants.
The invitation says guests will start each day with a new dress code, with mood boards and an army of hair stylists, makeup artists and Indian wear designers at their hotel to help them prepare.
Forbes lists Mukesh Ambani as the richest person in Asia. His Reliance Industries is a massive conglomerate, with $100 billion in annual revenue and interests ranging from oil and gas to telecoms and retail.
The 66-year-old Mukesh Ambani has begun handing over leadership to his sons and daughter. Elder son Akash is now chairperson of Reliance Jio; daughter Isha oversees retail; and younger son Anant has been inducted into the new energy business.
The guest list also includes Mohammed Bin Jassim al Thani, the prime minister of Qatar; Stephen Harper, former Canadian prime minister; and the king and queen of Bhutan.