Knight feels Dre has been praised while Brown still gets chastised.

							By 

	Mya Abraham

R&B Reporter

Suge Knight is exposing a double standard when it comes to Chris Brown and Dr. Dre. 

	All three men have been accused of domestic violence. Despite Knight being currently incarcerated on unrelated charges, his latest podcast episode centered around how opposite Brown and Dre were treated following their abuse and assault claims and respective convictions. 

	“You can have a man that’s part of that secret society and they gonna give him an award—the Impact Award,” said the former music executive, 58, near the 17:30 minute mark (below). “That motherf**ker beat up more b**ches than anybody. This man gets an award for beating up women. Chris Brown is stripped of his crown and not saying it was right that him and Rihanna got into it and they had a fight or he beat her up. I’m not saying that, but what I’m saying is this: he had a fight with one woman or he beat up one woman—and they still casting stones at him.”

	Knight continued, “They don’t give him his cigar. They don’t let him come perform; they don’t let him pretty much win awards. But you can have an Impact Award with Andre.” He was referencing the Recording Academy’s Global Impact Award, which was named after Dre. Jay-Z was this year’s recipient of said award.

	










	During his acceptance speech, Hov thanked the Chronic rapper for “all the doors [he] opened.” He added, “You showed us that we could be rockstars […] when [rap] came out west, you took it to a whole new level. You [helped] put us on covers [like] Rolling Stone. You put us around the world—you and Snoop. All that y’all did; all the records y’all broke —I’m honored to accept it.”

	This comparison of Dre and Brown also stems from the singer’s claim that he was uninvited from participating in this year’s NBA All-Star celebrity game.

	“I was asked by the NBA to play in the All-Star game this year! Only for them to call later and say they couldn’t do it because of their sponsors like Ruffles,” wrote the “Wall To Wall” artist on Instagram. “At this point, I’m sick of people bothering me and I’m tired of living in the f**king past. I posted the emails so y’all could see. The NBA still was tryna get me to come and sit courtside… not f**king happening. I only go where I’m appreciated.”

	Ruffles issued a statement saying that they had no involvement in the roster for the celebrity game. However, Brown doesn’t believe them and felt the company was trying to “save face.”

	









A post shared by The Shade Room (@theshaderoom)
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.