Say so long to dramatic trains, over-the-top embellishments and jewel-encrusted hats.
For the 2024 Met Gala, Rihanna, 36, is apparently toning things down when it comes to her look.
“I’m actually keeping it real simple this year,” she told to Extra during an interview on Saturday, which took place at a launch event for Fenty’s Beauty Soft’lit Foundation.
The “Diamonds” singer revealed that, while she’s still choosing between two different outfits, they’re “very simple-ish” compared to what she’s worn to the event in the past.
Instead, the focus for the first Monday in May will be on her glam.
“It’s gonna come to what my makeup and what my hair is going to do,” the mom of two continued. “We wanna play with that, but I have no idea what I’m gonna do with that.”
However, just because the exact plan is unknown doesn’t mean the singer won’t arrive on the red carpet ready to impress as she always does.
“I’m showing up for dinner!” she joked. “Shout out to Anna Wintour.”
With the “Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion” theme celebrating delicate vintage designs and co-chairs that include the likes of Jennifer Lopez and Zendaya, the ball, which is taking place on May 6, is sure to be another stylish, star-studded event.
It also seems like Rihanna is undergoing a bit of a style change as of late, reconsidering her sometimes-risqué wardrobe. Speaking with British Vogue, the Fenty beauty founder said that some of her more revealing outfits are now her new “fashion ick.”
“I did so much s—t in my life. I had my nipples out, I had my panties out,” she told the publication while walking the Fenty x Puma red carpet. “But now those are the things, I guess, as a mom, as an evolved young lady … it’s just things that I just feel like I would never do. I’m just like, ‘Oh my god, I really did that? Nips out?’”
Still, the singer isn’t completely against making bold fashion moves.
She recently channeled a nun for an Interview magazine shoot, and earlier in the month, embraced the Mob Wives trend, attending a birthday celebration in a tiny leopard mini dress and fur coat.
Advertisement