Roc Nation and the NFL struck their initial deal back in 2019. 

							By 

	Marc Griffin

Staff Writer, News

JAY-Z and Roc Nation have officially extended their deal with the NFL. Bloomberg reported that NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell confirmed the extended partnership during the league’s annual owners meeting in Atlanta.

	Goodell detailed the working relationship with Hov and Roc Nation as “mutually positive” before saying that, “I’m not sure either one of us really spend much time talking about contracts. Jay is happy. Desiree Perez is happy. I’m happy, so we’re all good.” 

	As for the finer details regarding the contract, the money and its worth are currently unknown. ESPN reported that the first deal between Roc Nation and the NFL struck in 2019 was worth $25 million. The initial deal was built on boosting “the NFL’s efforts around social justice” and to leading “the league’s endeavors in music and entertainment.”

	






















	Related Story
	



	
		
					JAY-Z Rape Accuser Files For Defamation Lawsuit To Be Dismissed		
			







	“As part of the long-term partnership, Roc Nation will advise on the selection of artists for NFL tentpole events, including the Super Bowl, as well as play a key role in the production and promotion of new music,” ESPN reported in 2019.

	Since Roc Nation began handling the Super Bowl Halftime Show, the show has seen quite a bit of success. For example, the 2022 Super Bowl Halftime Show, which featured Dr. Dre, 50 Cent, Eminem, Kendrick Lamar, Snoop Dogg, and Mary J. Blige, pulled in 103.4 million viewers. The number drastically increased from the 96.7 million viewers who watched the product last year. Rihanna headlined the show in 2023, becoming one of the most-watched halftime shows of all time, with 118.7 million viewers.

	Kendrick Lamar has since been chosen as the headliner for the 2025 Super Bowl, which will take place in New Orleans. While the choice has been met with a ton of controversy, K. Dot’s show is sure to keep the momentum going strong for Roc Nation and the NFL.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.