Rihanna and A$AP Rocky's firstborn son RZA is already two years old.
The parents of two celebrated their child's birthday at a party along with friends and family over the weekend, and on Monday the rapper, 35, shared some never-before-seen photos of him and his lady, along with their two boys, to his 18.5 Instagram followers. "Happiest birthday 2 my 1st born baby boy RZA," A$AP, whose real name is Rakim Mayers, captioned the post along with 10 photos and videos of his son and their family.
The family was all smiles as they posed for some casual photos with the birthday boy hanging upside down and his little brother, Riot Rose, also appeared in some of the snaps. The videos showed some adorable behind-the-scenes moments of RZA, as well as some cuddled-up photos of the birthday boy and his dad.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Rihanna looks incredible in a statement dress days after her mysterious Met Gala absence
RZA's superstar mom, 36, hasn't posted any message for him just yet, but her friend and media personality Jason Lee, shared photos of himself at RZA's birthday party over the weekend. Jason posed with the couple and their child and captioned his Instagram post, writing: "HBD King RZA. Coolest 2 year old ever! Parent teacher conferences gonna be different with these two. Love watching you with your kids. The love made me want some!"
The couple welcomed RZA their first son in May 2022, and welcomed their second son, Riot Rose, the following year in August 2023. Rihanna made her second pregnancy announcement during her 2023 Super Bowl halftime show performance, wearing an all-red ensemble while on stage.
The famous parents didn't reveal their first son's name, which was inspired by Wu-Tang Clan rapper RZA, until his first birthday last May. The couple got together officially, two years before he was born. After dating rumors circulated for years about the two musicians, it was reported in December 2020 that the pair had made their relationship official, with sources confirming to Page Six and People that the pair was an item. Rihanna later told Interview magazine that their relationship started in late 2019.
Rocky confirmed that they were together during an interview with GQ in May 2021 where he opened up about his feelings for her, saying she is "the love of my life." When asked about how life is like when in a relationship, he said," So much better when you got the One. She amounts to probably, like, a million of the other ones. I think when you know, you know. She's the One."
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.