Chris Brown’s 11:11 Tour is underway, and unfortunately, an incident reportedly occurred backstage at one of his concerts last Friday (July 19).
Variety reported that the singer has been sued for $50 million stemming from the incident. According to the report, Larry Parker, Joseph Lewis, Charles Bush, and Da Marcus Powell filed the suit in Harris County, Texas against Brown as well as his tour promoter Live Nation, Sinko Ceej, Hood Boss, and Yella Beezy. In addition to the payment, the four plaintiffs are asking for a temporary restraining order against all defendants.
The complaint obtained by the outlet says that Brown and his crew severely beat the plaintiffs following the singer’s performance as part of his 11:11 Tour at Dickies Arena in Ft. Worth, Texas. The four men were invited backstage after the set to meet the singer, who showed up 30 minutes later than anticipated.
TMZ reported that before leaving, Charles Bush approached Chris Brown to congratulate him on the show, prompting a member of the singer’s crew to remind Brown that the two previously had issues. Allegedly, Brown said, "Oh yeah, we were. What’s up, n----? I don’t forget s---."
The suit states that Brown and seven to 10 members of his entourage proceeded to assault Bush and punch him in the chest and claims that Hood Boss picked up a chair and threw it at Bush’s head.
The suit also claims that Brown and his entourage turned their attention to Parker, who tried to escape down a staircase that led to a locked door. Apparently, upon instruction from Brown, Parker was allegedly punched in the face and chest and kicked in the head for over 10 minutes. Also, as stated in the suit, Powell was punched in the shoulder, while Lewis was hit in the shoulder and chest. All plaintiffs were reportedly injured and are currently undergoing medical treatment.
"No should have to endure what these clients endured," said the plaintiffs’ attorney, Tony Buzbee, in a statement shared with Variety. "We will seek the maximum amount of damages allowed by law for this egregious conduct."
The singer has been accused of violent misconduct in the past. In 2009, he pleaded guilty to assaulting his then-girlfriend Rihanna. Three years later was involved in an altercation with Drake at a New York City club. His former manager sued him for assault and battery in 2016. A year later his ex-girlfriend Karreuche Tran got a five-year restraining order against him over alleged threats.
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!