BILLY Joel has seen his odds to headline this year’s Glastonbury Festival slashed after announcing his first single in 17 years, according to bettingsites.co.uk.


  The American singer was 10/1 to feature but is now just 7/2 following his social media post on Monday announcing his new track Turn The Lights Back On – which could figuratively point to a number of live appearances across 2024.


  Dua Lipa leads the betting at 1/3 after surprisingly not featuring alongside Elton John in last year’s edition, with Madonna (2/5) and Coldplay (4/7) the other odds-on selections.


  Neil Roarty, spokesperson for bettingsites.co.uk, said: “Billy Joel’s social media post on Monday has ignited rumours of a series of live performances throughout the year, with June’s Glastonbury Festival appearing to be a perfect time for him to perform his first single in 17 years.


  “The American pianist’s price to headline the legendary festival has been slashed from 10/1 to 7/2 on Tuesday morning, making him the fifth likeliest act to take to the stage in June.


  “Dua Lipa has been heavily odds-on since the market opened and leads the market at 1/3, with Madonna (2/5) and Coldplay (4/7) also tipped to feature.”


  Glastonbury Festival 2024 bettingsites.co.uk favourites to headline:


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.