Wales Bonner's Spring/Summer 2025 presentation during Men's Paris Fashion Week unveiled another adidas collaboration by the British designer. 
When it comes to big sneaker reveals at Paris Fashion Week, all eyes are on Wales Bonner because of its ongoing partnership with adidas Originals. Since 2020, these two parties consistently link up every season to create stunning shoes and apparel. Of course, one sneaker that's constantly revisited in these collaborations are good ol' adidas Sambas. 
Yes, many would point their fingers at Wales Bonner for making adidas Sambas the "it girl" of sneakers. And when it comes to big Samba steppers, Wales Bonner designs the most coveted pairs today. By now, I've seen Wales Bonner adidas Samba sneakers in a countless number of shades and colorways. 
Yet, I've never witnessed a Wales Bonner adidas shoe that would make Rihanna scream "shine bright like a diamond" until spotting this sparkling adidas Samba on the catwalk of Wales Bonner's Spring/Summer 2025 "Midnight Palms" show.
OK, granted there was a metallic silver Wales Bonner adidas Samba release in 2023, it doesn't hit like these new ones completely covered with sequins. For context, Wales Bonner's Spring/Summer 2025 collection celebrates the beloved Trinidadian-born British artist and textile designer Althea McNish. So many of the looks in Wales Bonner's latest collection are inspired by nightlife in Caribbean cities by the sea. That explains why these new adidas Sambas, which seem to come in black and silver sequin colors, shimmer like beach water lit up under moonlight. 
Aside from these adidas Sambas, Wales Bonner's Spring/Summer 2025 collaboration with adidas also includes a range of leisurewear silhouettes for men and women alongside two other sneakers. A new adidas footwear silhouette, dubbed the Country Low, appeared in khaki suede and black and white leather colorways. There was also a deconstructed Superstar Hi-top done up in suede. 
The addition of these two other adidas sneakers doesn't mark the first time we've seen Wales Bonner step away from the Samba silhouette.  And of course, Wales Bonner isn't the sole force pushing the wider adidas Samba trend right now. 
But when a designer can consistently make adidas Sambas this damn good, I'm personally ready to go full Kendrick and yell "All I'm wearing is Wales Bonner."
Titel Media GmbH (Highsnobiety), is committed to facilitating and improving the accessibility and usability of its Website, www.highsnobiety.com. Titel Media GmbH strives to ensure that its Website services and content are accessible to persons with disabilities including users of screen reader technology. To accomplish this, Titel Media GmbH tests, remediates and maintains the Website in-line with the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG), which also bring the Website into conformance with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990.
Please be aware that our efforts to maintain accessibility and usability are ongoing. While we strive to make the Website as accessible as possible some issues can be encountered by different assistive technology as the range of assistive technology is wide and varied.
If, at any time, you have specific questions or concerns about the accessibility of any particular webpage on this Website, please contact us at accessibility@highsnobiety.com, +49 (0)30 235 908 500. If you do encounter an accessibility issue, please be sure to specify the web page and nature of the issue in your email and/or phone call, and we will make all reasonable efforts to make that page or the information contained therein accessible for you.