She spent her desert weekend in two pants-free outfits.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

With stylist Dani Michelle on speed dial and an infinite closet within arm's reach, Hailey Beiber's Coachella outfits could have gone in any direction. But when the time came to get dressed for a weekend of late-night concerts and celebrity shenanigans, Bieber went for the look she just can't quit—the no-pants trend—in two variations.
First, the Rhode founder attended Revolve Fest, an annual concert-meets-celebrity-hangout hosted by the online retailer, on April 13 in an outfit mixing a few of her favorite codes. Bieber's casual look started sporty with a green Nike soccer jersey, then took a turn for the Sophia Coppola-inspired with a pair of lacy bloomers, Sandy Liang Mary Janes, and rolled white socks.
At a Rhode activation during Coachella's Revolve Fest, Hailey Bieber mixed coquette Mary Janes and bloomers with a sporty Nike soccer jersey.
The next day, Bieber opted for heavier layers—on top, at least. In place of her flirty white bloomers and soccer kit, she changed into a voluminous leather jacket by Balenciaga and a tough pair of lug-sole Miu Miu leather boots. A hint of a black T-shirt peeked out from beneath her coat's collar. Pants? She still doesn't know them.
On Sunday, Bieber changed into an extra-oversize Balenciaga leather jacket—the same one she wore with track shorts the week before—with little else visible underneath.
While Bieber clung to her Rhode lipgloss phone case to take in performances by Ice Spice, Doja Cat, and more over the weekend, she wasn't as glued to her leather jacket. At one point, the Victoria's Secret model changed into a vintage Yankees varsity jacket, paired with a Fila baseball cap with a leopard print scarf wrapped over the top. From the glimpse at the look Bieber shared on her Instagram Stories, she also incorporated a pair of cargo pants into the look. (Who's surprised?)
Last but not least, Bieber swapped her leather bomber for a vintage New York Yankees jacket. She softened the look of her sporty Fila baseball cap with a leopard print scarf tied around the top.
A range of celebrities have embraced the no-pants trend over the past few months, from Kristen Stewart promoting her film Love Lies Bleeding in hot pants to Dua Lipa walking around London in nothing but a Ferragamo leather jacket. Kendall Jenner, Bieber's close friend, was also one of the earliest adopters of the no-pants agenda.
They have plenty of runway backup: Designers from Gucci to Miu Miu to Bottega Veneta incorporated teeny-tiny microshorts into recent collections. But no other A-listers or models have been as committed to the look as Hailey Bieber, who's worn oversize jackets with little underneath since mid-2022.
While Rihanna's Coachella outfit went maximalist in oversize layers and a fur coat, and Taylor Swift's Coachella outfit played up her impending Reputation 2.0 era, Hailey Bieber's two pants-free looks were maybe the truest reflection of personal style on the festival circuit. Sure, going pants-free is an unavoidable trend—but in wearing it absolutely everywhere, she proves its her own wardrobe pillar.
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
Halie LeSavage is the senior fashion and beauty news editor at Marie Claire, where she assigns, edits, and writes stories for both sections. Halie is an expert on runway trends, celebrity style, emerging fashion and beauty brands, and shopping (naturally). In over seven years as a professional journalist, Halie’s reporting has ranged from fashion week coverage spanning the Copenhagen, New York, Milan, and Paris markets, to profiles on industry insiders like celebrity stylist Molly Dickson, to breaking news stories on noteworthy brand collaborations and beauty product launches. (She can personally confirm that Bella Hadid’s Ôrebella perfume is worth the hype.) She has also written dozens of research-backed shopping guides to finding the best tote bags, ballet flats, and more. Most of all, Halie loves to explore what style trends—like the rise of emotional support accessories or TikTok’s 75 Hard Style Challenge—can say about culture writ large. She also justifies almost any purchase by saying it’s “for work.” 
Halie has previously held writer and editor roles at Glamour, Morning Brew, and Harper’s Bazaar. She has been cited as a fashion and beauty expert in The Cut, CNN Underscored, and Reuters, among other outlets, and appears in newsletters like Selleb and Self Checkout to provide shopping recommendations. In 2022, she earned the Hearst Spotlight Award for excellence and innovation in fashion journalism. She holds a Bachelor’s Degree in English from Harvard College. Outside of work, Halie is passionate about books, baking, and her miniature Bernedoodle, Dolly. For a behind-the-scenes look at her reporting, you can follow Halie on Instagram and TikTok.

It's time for an upgrade.


The 21-year-old Princess of Orange, Catharina-Amalia, has overcome a scary period in her young life.


She's currently on a break from her beloved sneaker collection.


She's currently on a break from her beloved sneaker collection.


The fashion cross-over I didn't know I needed.


Even halfway across the country, she's still F1's best-dressed fan.


She's not an F1 WAG, but she sure nailed the aesthetic.


This runway look is unlike any other.


She one hundred percent pulls them off.


'Twilight,' Shania Twain, and beyond...


If this is her off-duty look, I can only imagine what Monday's event will bring.


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.