The immersive Book of HOV exhibit is now a coffee table book. 

													By
												

	Michael Saponara


	A time capsule of Jay-Z’s decorated career was on display at the Brooklyn Public Library in 2023, and the immersive exhibit has been turned into The Book of HOV: A Tribute to Jay-Z.






	
	
		
					Explore		
	





		Explore	

















	
		
					Jay-Z		
					


See latest videos, charts and news



See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	Published by Assouline, The Book of HOV coffee table book was released on Wednesday (Dec. 4), which is also Jay’s 55th birthday. 





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	







	The classic version of the collector’s item is available for $120, while the ultimate version is going to run fans $2,000, as a portion of the proceeds will be donated to the Brooklyn Public Library. The tome is filled with nearly 700 iconic images broken down into eight chapters depicting different pillars of Jay-Z’s artistry, along with personal essays penned by those who know the Roc Nation mogul best.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	One of those legendary images from Jay’s career is his Rock and Roll Hall of Fame induction, from when he became the first solo rap act to enter the HoF as part of the class of 2021. But it wasn’t exactly a smooth ride from the time Mr. Carter received the induction call to getting on stage at the ceremony to make a moving acceptance speech. 

	Rock and Roll Hall of Fame chairman John Sykes had his work cut out for him convincing Hov to make the trip to Cleveland, and Billboard can exclusively reveal his poignant essay as an excerpt from The Book of HOV.

	Sykes recalled Jay imploring, “Rock is dead. Rap is the new rock!” He spent the next half-hour explaining how six of the first 10 artists in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame were Black, and there would be no rock n’ roll without Black artists.

	“My last words, as I pleaded for Jay to come to Cleveland to accept his award, were that rock n’ roll is not any one sound, rather a gumbo,” he wrote. “To paraphrase the great Berry Gordy, rock n’ roll created the sound of young America. It’s a spirit, and the spirit of hip-hop and rap connected rock n’ roll with an entirely new generation.”

	Sykes was in the dark and didn’t hear from Hov until Jay-Z and his family showed up in Cleveland on Oct. 30, 2021, and the chairman could breathe a sigh of relief. The rapper’s induction video included star-studded cameos from wife Beyoncé, LeBron James, Rihanna, Chris Rock, Usher, Rick Ross, Dave Letterman and his daughter Blue Ivy.

	Introduced by Dave Chappelle, Jay-Z took the stage and moved the room with his speech detailing his journey from Marcy Projects to mogul status, while paying respect to the legends who paved the way before him.

	










	Read the excerpt in full below.

There have been few times in my years in the music industry where I have been a witness to asingle moment that changed popular culture forever. Being in the room when we launchedMTV on August 1st , 1981, was one of them. The night of October 30th, 2021, in Cleveland,Ohio was another.

The occasion was the 36th Rock & Roll Hall of Fame Induction ceremony at a sold-out sportsarena in Cleveland, just down the street from the storied Rock & Roll Hall of Fame Museum. The museum was established to honor those artists whose original sounds created and promoted the growth of Rock and Roll Music and had a profound impact on culture. Gathered backstage that evening was a “who’s who” in music and arts, from Paul McCartney to Taylor Swift, Dave Chappell, Angela Bassett, Jennifer Hudson, Eminem, Lionel Richie, Keith Urban, Drew Barrymore, Jennifer Lopez and more. All had traveled to Cleveland from around the globe to induct and honor the Class of 2021 inductees which included: LL Cool J (the original GOAT), Tina Turner, Clarence Avant, The GoGo’s, The Foo Fighters, Billy Preston, Charley Patton, Carole King, Gil Scott-Heron, Kraftwerk, Fela Kuti, Todd Rundgren, Randy Rhoads, and JAY-Z.

I had just been named the third Chairman in the history of the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame, which was founded in 1986. It was a dream job for me, as a lifelong obsessed music fan. I accepted the position with one promise and vision; to honor the original mission of the Hall, which was to recognize artists who, regardless of race, gender, or style, contributed to the continued growth and spirit of Rock & Roll music. Rock & Roll was born in 1955 not from one singular sound, but rather a collision of Rhythm & Blues, Gospel, and Country, and continues to evolve as new artists and sounds are created.











Artists spend their entire careers hoping to one day be inducted into the Hall of Fame. It’s a rare honor. On the day the ’21 inductees were announced, I personally called my longtime friend JAY Z to give him the good news. We had worked together for over two decades during my time at MTV, VH1, iHeartRadio, and as a board member of the New York charity, the Robin Hood Foundation. I was beyond excited, as JAY had made the coveted ’21 inductee list on his first year of eligibility, which is a seldom accomplished feat. And, while the Hall of Fame had previously inducted great rappers like Grandmaster Flash, Public Enemy and N.W.A, JAY stood out. He was not only the greatest rapper of his time but was now an icon for bringing Hip Hop to the mainstream, as well as becoming an enormously successful business executive, and a beacon for culture.

This was exactly the direction that I envisioned the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame moving towards. However, JAY’s response to my good news was not exactly what I was expecting. “Rock is dead,” he said. “Rap is the new Rock.” For the next 30 minutes I explained to him that “Rock” is not “Rock & Roll”. Yes, it’s an important part, but it’s only one part. In fact, six of the first ten artists inducted into the Hall of Fame were Black: James Brown, Fats Domino, Ray Charles, Chuck Berry, Sam Cooke, and Little Richard. The next year Aretha Franklin, Marvin Gaye, and Bo Diddley were inducted. Without Black artists there would be no Rock & Roll.

My last words, as I pleaded for JAY to come to Cleveland to accept his award, were that Rock & Roll is not any one sound, rather a gumbo. To paraphrase the great Berry Gordy, Rock & Roll created the sound of young America. It’s a spirit, and the spirit of Hip Hop and Rap connected Rock & Roll with an entirely new generation.











Then, we waited.

On the induction evening of October 30th JAY-Z arrived in Cleveland with his family and team. After a moving induction video featuring “A-list” pop culture icons, including a former President of the United States, Dave Chappelle took the stage to give a powerful induction speech. He then invited JAY to come up to accept his statue. What followed was a speech for the ages. Just like Little Richard, Chuck Berry, Bob Dylan, Aretha Franklin, Bruce Springsteen, or Paul McCartney did before him, JAY told the 16,000 people in the room, and millions more watching on television, his own story of being turned down by record companies who called his music “trash”, and how he refused to compromise, never giving in to conventional wisdom. JAY looked over to his fellow inductee LL Cool J and gave him his admiration and thanks. He then ended his passionate speech, holding his statue high in the air proclaiming, “Now THAT’s Rock & Roll”.

The crowd roared. JAY smiled and walked off the stage and to the exit, knowing that he had accomplished his mission of recognizing rap as a true force in music and culture, while at the same time opening the door for the next generation of musical dreamers and creators to follow in his footsteps and continue to honor and evolve the attitude, spirit, and many sounds of Rock & Roll.

John SykesChairman, Rock & Roll Hall of Fame
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.