Usher and will.i.am perform onstage during the Apple Music Super Bowl 58 Halftime Show at Allegiant Stadium on February 11, 2024 in Las Vegas, Nevada. (Photo by Ethan Miller/Getty Images)Getty Images
LAS VEGAS, Nevada - The Super Bowl 58 halftime show may not have had quite the buzz as last year’s performance with the return of a surprisingly pregnant Rihanna, but A-Town’s own Usher did his best to remind folks that he has three decades of hits from which to draw for the upcoming tour his camp announced a few days before Sunday’s halftime showcase.
The 45-year-old filled his 13-minute set in Las Vegas with a medley of hits, packed so tight it would’ve been easy to miss the musical whiffs of some of the roughly 14 songs he touched.
Usher was resplendent in a white suit accented with a huge diamond-encrusted phoenix-shaped broach and surrounded by a host of Las Vegas-style dancers, acrobats and a marching band. Clearly singing live (yes, that matters), Usher quickly ran through a mashup of “Caught Up” and “U Don’t Have to Call,” which got the show moving with the help of his fleet-footed, Michael Jackson-inspired dance moves.
Then, as happens with medleys, it was snippets and hints of hits, including “Superstar” and “Love in this Club,” before Alicia Keys appeared in a tight red sequin catsuit. She sat at a red piano, resembling a piece of modern art, and gave a few vocally shaky bars of her song “If I Ain’t Got You” before a short chunk of their hit duet “My Boo.”
Usher’s quick hits kept coming, giving fans just enough to be recognizable, but not enough to ride in any of the grooves that actually made those songs hits.
One of the folks who helped make those hits, Atlanta super-producer Jermaine Dupri, appeared briefly for an equally brief touch on the first few lyrics of “Confessions Part II.”
Inevitably, Usher took his shirt off before singer-songwriter-guitarist H.E.R. swaggered on stage in a shiny black space suit-looking outfit for a suitably rocking guitar solo for “U Got It Bad.” It gave Usher time to not only finish changing outfits, but to don roller skates for “OMG” with will.i.am.
The hurried medley arrangements didn’t do much for the flow, musically, though between dancers and Usher there was plenty of eye candy in near constant motion.
But the moment many folks were waiting for didn’t disappoint when another fellow Atlantan, producer-rapper Lil John, appeared on some lucky person’s shoulder demanding to know “Turn Down For What?!” He then hyped up the dance, strip club and jock jam staple “Yeah!” with rapper-actor Ludacris dropping his verse and completing the A-Town takeover of the Las Vegas Super Bowl.
“I took the world to The A,” Usher repeated confidently as he stood in front of the entire cast and the music faded.
If that was his intention, Usher mostly succeeded, but it would have been more satisfying if he had spent a little more time on some of his hit song’s neighborhoods, rather than try and take everyone on a grand tour of “The A.”
Of course, later this year Usher will be taking “The A” to cities around the country during his concert tour. Unfortunately for area fans, the CLE is not on the itinerary, leaving Sunday’s medley of truncated tunes to satiate their Usher jones.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices