No one gives a read quite like Candiace Dillard.
The “Real Housewives of Potomac” star, 37, offered a shady critique of castmates Gizelle Bryant and Ashley Darby’s GnA activewear collection while chatting exclusively with Page Six Style. 
Dillard, who attended a presentation for the clothing line as “RHOP” Season 8 wrapped filming last summer, can only describe it as “very, very creative.”
It’s safe to say Dillard doesn’t agree with Bryant’s description of her new brand with Darby, 35, as “Lululemon meets Rihanna’s Savage [X Fenty],” as she put it during a confessional on the show.
“[It’s] imaginatively creative,” Dillard offers with a smile. “And courageous.”
She adds that it was “very brave” for the pair to debut such a venture in the first place.
The “Drive Back” singer — who joined “RHOP” in 2018’s Season 3 — has historically clashed with Bryant and Darby throughout her tenure on the Bravo reality show. 
For more Page Six Style ..
Following a tumultuous Season 7 for the trio, Bryant and Dillard tussled on “Real Housewives Ultimate Girls Trip” Season 3, ending any semblance of a friendship between the pair.
Notably, Bryant accused Dillard’s husband, Chris Bassett, of making her feel “completely uncomfortable” during an alleged one-on-one discussion that purportedly took place backstage at the “RHOP” Season 6 reunion.
Dillard eventually got Bryant — who was unable to provide substantial evidence — to admit that Bassett “did not” exhibit predatory conduct.
Meanwhile, the “Fine Whine” recording artist has made progress in mending fences with Darby.
The women had previously butted heads over a variety of issues, most notably Darby’s defense of Dillard’s nemesis, “RHOP” alum Monique Samuels, in 2020’s Season 5.
Despite an explosive off-camera brawl that broke out between their pals after the GnA fashion show while filming this past season, Dillard and Darby were able to grow closer from the incident. 
“The fight happened at the very end of filming. And we actually had a really pivotal and important conversation about that at the finale,” Dillard exclusively told Page Six in December. 
“It gave me a lot of respect for Ashley.”
In July 2023, TMZ released video footage that showed the “RHOP” cast breaking up a fight between Dr. Wendy Osefo’s pal Keiana Stewart and Darby’s friend Deborah Williams, with Dillard caught in the middle. 
Dillard said she was happy to hear that Darby halted her friendship with Williams — who, like Bryant, perpetuated infidelity rumors about Dillard’s spouse while filming as a “friend of” the cast for “RHOP” Season 7. 
“It just shows me that in spite of all of the tumult and the drama and not agreeing all the time or seeing eye to eye that Ashley has a moral compass, or somewhat of a moral compass,” she noted. 
“I appreciated that she felt the weight of what it meant to take a break from someone who meant intentional harm on not just me but our entire group.”
“The Real Housewives of Potomac” airs Sundays at 8 p.m. ET on Bravo. 
Advertisement