While walking into a venue on February 17, rapper A$AP Rocky seemed happy to pose for selfies with fans and less thrilled when he was asked about his girlfriend Rihanna's potential future album. The musical artist was filmed by a fan account that posted on X, formerly known as Twitter, entering through the parking lot. He was wearing a long gray coat over suit pants and a button-down shirt with a white tie, carrying a pair of white headphones and wearing gold framed sunglasses.
After being asked about the Fenty founder's 9th album, Rocky simply said, “She's working on it.”
Rihanna's last album, Anti, was released in 2016. Fans have been wanting new music ever since, but she's had a number of other pressing projects. In addition to her beauty line, she has a lingerie brand, Savage x Fenty. The even bigger change is that she now has two children with Rocky, their son RZA who was born in May 2022 and their younger boy, Riot Rose, who they welcomed in August last year. 
Even though she's got many demands on her time, she did release two songs for the soundtrack of Black Panther 2: Wakanda Forever, titled “Lift Me Up” and “Born Again.” And she performed at the 2023 Super Bowl Halftime show, simultaneously revealing her second pregnancy while on stage.
A$AP Rocky and Rihanna have been confirmed to be dating since November 2020. A source told Entertainment Tonight at the time, “They have always had amazing chemistry, and Rihanna relates to A$AP, and it [their relationship] feels natural, easy and fun...She feels very comfortable around him since they've known each other for such a long time and also feels a connection to him because his dad is from Barbados.”
Benny Blanco and Selena Gomez’s Biggest Argument
Why Sarah Jessica Parker Won't Be at the Met Gala
Rihanna and A$AP Rocky’s Complete History
Everything to Know About Callum Turner
Beyoncé’s Son, Sir, Makes a Sneaky Tour Cameo
See Princess Charlotte’s 10th Birthday Portrait
Blue Ivy Carter Glitters in Gold on Beyoncé’s Tour
Hailey Bieber Steps Out in Archival Gucci
All the Best Photos From Kylie and Timothée’s Date
Shailene and Lucas’s Relationship History
All We Know About Selena and Benny’s Wedding Plans
Selena on Getting Rash After First Kiss With Benny
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.