The Glastonbury 2024 line-up is yet to be announced and rumours of who will be headlining are rife.
The festival organiser Emily Eavis has recently fuelled some of the speculation, after she reportedly confirmed that two of Glastonbury’s headliners will be women this year. While attending a Women In Music event at the University of Oxford last week, she was said to have also teased that the line-up will drop this week.
Emily previously hinted at a more female line-up in October last year, when she said they were in the final stages of confirming "a really big American artist" and added that the legends slot would also be a female artist. Now fans are convinced that Dua Lipa will be headlining.
READ MORE: Glastonbury line-up update as Emily Eavis reveals major 2024 teaser
READ MORE: The Jacksons to play at Mathew Street Festival celebration on Pier Head
Casino.co.uk has the latest betting odds ahead of the Glastonbury 2024 line-up announcement. Three artists are currently frontrunners to grace the Pyramid Stage as headliners. Coldplay and Dua Lipa stand strong at 1/5 odds (83.35%) in the betting market, closely followed by Madonna at 1/3 odds (75%).
Emily Eavis was present at the first show of Madonna's residency at The O2 which also led to speculation. Others on the list include Pink with a 33.3% chance, and Rihanna with a 25% probability.
We still do not know the 2024 line-up but fans should expect it to come this week after Emily's comments. After returning to the stage for a private wedding and the Super Bowl halftime show, rumours are that Rihanna could be rehearsing for an even bigger gig - Glastonbury.
AC/DC are teasing a big announcement on their social media and fans are claiming it could be the legendary rock band’s first run of tour dates in eight years, or a Glastonbury headline slot.
The Killers also have space in their summer tour between Wednesday, June 26 to Thursday, July 4. SZA is tipped as the latest artist to be heading to Worthy Farm too, following her announcement as one of the headline acts for this year’s BST Hyde Park series.
After her performance at the Brit Awards, Dua Lipa has proved that she's up to the task. The Houdini singer hasn't got any big gigs in her diary around the time of Glastonbury , so she could be free for a headlining slot.
Stevie Wonder hasn't performed at Glastonbury since 2010 and he is still actively touring. With that in mind, many believe he could be heading to the festival to perform in the legend slot.
Coldplay have headlined Glastonbury five times already, so they're always rumoured to make a return. They’re booked to tour Europe throughout the summer, but also happen to have a gap in their dates around the time the festival will take place.
Receive top stories on everything going on in Merseyside including events, shopping and food and drink through our newsletter by signing up here
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.