Rihanna performs during the halftime show at Super Bowl 57 between the Kansas City Chiefs and the Philadelphia Eagles, Sunday, Feb. 12, 2023, in Glendale, Ariz. 
Kid Cudi arrives at the 28th annual Screen Actors Guild Awards at the Barker Hangar on Sunday, Feb. 27, 2022, in Santa Monica, Calif. 
Everyone has a soft spot for the era of music they grew up in.
Eighties kids take new wave over grunge. Nineties hip-hop fans gripe about trap and reminisce on the days of rap collectives and jazz beats. 
Quad-City Times Reporter Gannon Hanevold
And you know what, I love the 2000’s. So what?
It was a foundational time for my taste. I was 6 years old with sketchy LimeWire downloads of songs by OutKast, Linkin Park, Shakira. It was a riot. 
Lil Wayne, left, M.I.A., center, and Jay Z, in background, perform at the 51st Annual Grammy Awards on Sunday, Feb. 8, 2009, in Los Angeles. 
But it’s easy to hate the '00s. It’s the doormat of decades, a time when everything went pop — punk, country, rap. With the gift of hindsight, I can see now that it wasn’t a perfect time. 
But the 2000’s did catch the music industry at the best of the internet boom. The world connected and genres melded. Innovations in sampling and electronic production gave us a wave of new sounds. Indie rock bands went from zines to blogs to MySpace home pages, launching the careers of some of my favorites.
Starting Monday, I’ll be taking on the 2000’s in the next chapter of Timeless Tickets, the series where we highlight one notable concert from each year in Quad-Cities history.
It has been the toughest decade to shape so far, because it pits my favorites against each other. How am I supposed to pick between the Foo Fighters and The Chicks? The Killers or Green Day? Vampire Weekend or Wilco? 
If you have a story from a show in the 2000’s that you think is worth sharing, send it to me at ghanevold@qctimes.com. I’d love to hear how some of the decade’s biggest gigs went down. 
Until then, I’m going to do what I do best: praise albums from the 2000’s (that I haven't already mentioned in Sounds Good) and yearn for youth. 
In the early 2000’s, punk went pop with bands like blink-182 and Yellowcard.
And then, at the tail end of the decade, pop punk went even poppier, creating this odd little gumbo of EDM and emo that’s appropriately called “neon punk.” You may know it from bands like 3OH!3 and Cobra Starship.
It was messy, but undeniably fun. It didn’t all age well.
One of the bands from that scene that managed to transcend it is The Maine, who played a Daytrotter session here this week in 2012. For a stretch in the 2010’s, The Maine was on a hot streak: “Lovely Little Lonely,” “Forever Halloween” and “Pioneer” all ripped harder than a pair of Warped Tour jeans. 
I have a special place in my heart for this Tempe, Arizona, group. They’re one of my girlfriend’s favorite bands of all time, and they’re beloved in my former city of Phoenix. When I moved away, their farewell song “Face Towards The Sun” played on the stereo on the drive and I nearly had to pull over because the tears fogged my eyes too viciously. 
Songwriter John O’Callaghan wears his heart on his sleeve. And if you’re open to it, his songs will come for your heart, too.
Texas rock performer Slow Joy will be opening for Free Throw at the Raccoon Motel on Monday.
If the earlier emo-pop sound is up your alley — think Taking Back Sunday or The Used — you’re in luck this week, because Nashville band Free Throw is coming to town on Monday to play a show at Raccoon Motel.
Tickets are $26.45 and the opening act is Slow Joy, a Texas rock act that's got as much fuzz on its guitars as it does buzz online. 
I’ve been stoked for this show for months and hope to see you there, reminiscing on the good old days when emo was endless. It starts at 6 p.m.
Until then, here are some 2000s albums to explore. 
Of all the 2000’s options, this record may be the most unanimously acclaimed on this list. And it should be. “Stories From The City…” is a killer alternative album that takes garage guitar licks and melds them with PJ Harvey’s Alanis-esque scorn and Nicks-ish vocals. 
The result is a record with range — there’s blues punk thumpers like “Good Fortune” and sprawling ballads like “We Float.” There are even appearances from Radiohead frontman Thom Yorke. It’s probably the decade’s first obvious classic. 
Rock singer Ben Gibbard
I’ve talked about Death Cab for Cutie plenty in this column, so I’ve ruled “Transatlanticism” — debatably the best record of this decade — off the list. But I’m going to cheat a bit and nominate “All-Time Quarterback,” a one-off solo project by Death Cab songwriter Ben Gibbard. 
It’s a minimalist analog folk record that puts Gibbard’s boyish vocals and sage songwriting at the forefront. It also kicked off a decade of outstanding side projects for Gibbard. “Give Up” with The Postal Service and the twangy “One Fast Move Or I’m Gone” with Jay Farrar (of Son Volt) are both albums I’ll recommend to anyone who will listen. 
Sufjan Stevens’ 2005 album “Illinois” covers topics ranging from homegrown poet Carl Sandburg to serial killer John Wayne Gacy Jr. to one song titled "Decatur."
I’m not exaggerating when I say that “Illinois” changed me. I first heard this gentle folk album at a time when I was feeling faceless, identity-less, lost. A great friend of mine recommended it to me, and it demolished a dam somewhere between myself and magic. 
It’s a masterpiece in every sense of the word. I have a particular love for soul-searching anthem “The Predatory Wasp of The Palisades…” and devilish downer “John Wayne Gacy, Jr.”
“Illinois” was meant to be the first of 50 albums dedicated to each state in the U.S. There wound up being just two. In song titles, Stevens mentions Illinois towns like Decatur and Metropolis. While the Quad-Cities don’t get any love, Stevens does mention the Rock River Valley once. That'll work. 
I'm an apologist for 2000's pop. Yeah, I draw the line somewhere (it's a few miles before the Black Eyed Peas), but as a whole, the decade gave us some really clever, hooky radio jams. Some of the best ones are on "Good Girl Gone Bad," the breakout record for last year's Super Bowl performer, Rihanna. 
There's the ubiquitous Jay-Z collab "Umbrella" and the sparkplug club banger "Disturbia." There's also trippy, chaotic gems like "Lemme Get That" and the spacey "Question Existing." Her duet with Ne-Yo, "Hate That I Love You," could not sound more like the year it was released. 
Believe it or not, the year that "Good Girl Gone Bad" was released, Rihanna played a show in the Quad-Cities. I'll have more on that in next week's Timeless Tickets series. 
I'll close with the album that busted the door open for my own taste in hip-hop, Kid Cudi's "Man On The Moon: The End of Day." No matter your rap fandom, you've definitely heard songs from it. There's the MGMT-produced "Pursuit Of Happiness," which sounds like sonic midnight. There's also endlessly hummable hypnotic hit "Day 'N Nite." 
Every hook on this album is a virus, delivered over charged up beats wrangled by Cudi's iconic hums. Nobody's ever done it like Cudi on this record, but many rappers have tried. The real gift of "End of Day" is the deep cuts, which cut deep.
On "Soundtrack 2 My Life," Cudi raps about suicide before bars about sex and hand sanitizer. On the deluxe-only title track, he fights imposter syndrome over delicate guitar strums and chimes. Stoner recklessness meets poetic precision on this paradox of a record, and that's why it's one of my all-time favorites. 
Because of its moments of silliness, it's easy to not take "End of Day" seriously. It's easy to misunderstand the 2000's, too.
But why not just enjoy them, instead?
Timeless Tickets is a series started in 2024, aiming to find the most influential concert from each year in the Quad-Cities, from 1960 to today. If you have a story or photo from an iconic local show, reach out to entertainment reporter Gannon Hanevold at ghanevold@qctimes.com. 
Buddy Holly played a show in Davenport 65 years ago this week. Days after, he was killed in a plane crash in Mason City.
The sixties brought social change to the U.S., while legends like Tina Turner, Louis Armstrong and Jimi Hendrix all played in the Quad-Cities.  
Throughout the '70s, a rock and roll culture war started, as the Quad-Cities hosted outdoor festivals and bands like AC/DC, KISS and Van Halen. 
The Quad-Cities music scene got a little louder in the '80s, as Prince, Ozzy Osbourne, Metallica and the Beastie Boys all came to town.  
In the '90s, floodgates opened for A-list music. The Mark opened in Moline, and other venues brought Nirvana, Notorious B.I.G. and Tracy Chapman. 
Since 2010, the Quad-Cities have seen stars like Taylor Swift and Paul McCartney. Acts like Lizzo and Colter Wall also stopped by, before their fame. 
The Timeless Tickets series, which encompassed 64 years of Quad-Cities music history, is over. Here's what I learned. 
In the '00s, blogs boomed, genres went pop and stars like Beyoncè, Jay-Z, Kanye West and Miranda Lambert played shows in the Quad-Cities. 
Quad-City Times Reporter Gannon Hanevold
Quad-City Times Reporter Gannon Hanevold
Quad-City Times Reporter Gannon Hanevold
Quad-City Times Reporter Gannon Hanevold
Quad-City Times Reporter Gannon Hanevold
Quad-City Times Reporter Gannon Hanevold
Quad-City Times Reporter Gannon Hanevold
Quad-City Times Reporter Gannon Hanevold
Quad-City Times Reporter Gannon Hanevold
Quad-City Times Reporter Gannon Hanevold
Quad-City Times Reporter Gannon Hanevold
Quad-City Times Reporter Gannon Hanevold
Quad-City Times Reporter Gannon Hanevold
Quad-City Times Reporter Gannon Hanevold
Quad-City Times Reporter Gannon Hanevold
Quad-City Times Reporter Gannon Hanevold
Receive the latest in local entertainment news in your inbox weekly!
More than 2,400 people attended Bob Dylan’s Davenport concert on Tuesday. At times, Dylan performed unintelligibly and with his back to the st…
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Sign up with
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Sign in with
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.