Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
The two stars had a viral interaction during Paris Fashion Week in January.

							By 

	Carly Thomas

Associate Editor

Natalie Portman still can’t get over her viral exchange with Rihanna at Paris Fashion Week, which came at a much-needed time in her life.

	On Monday’s episode of The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon, the Oscar-winning actress opened up about the memorable interaction, which saw the Grammy-winning singer call Portman “one of the hottest bitches in Hollywood.”



	“It was an amazing experience for me,” the May December star said. “I think every woman going through a divorce should get to have Rihanna say to her that she’s a bad bitch.” Portman filed for divorce from Benjamin Millepied, her Black Swan choreographer, in July 2023 after 11 years of marriage. They share two children together.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	Movies
			



	
		
					John Krasinski, Natalie Portman Reveal Clues to Eternal Life in New 'Fountain of Youth' Trailer		
			














	
	Business
			



	
		
					Webby Awards 2025: Rihanna, Taylor Swift, Kendrick Lamar, Taika Waititi Among Winners		
			








	After host Jimmy Fallon stood up and applauded, Portman added, “It was exactly what I needed. … It was a formative moment in my life.” 

	In the viral video, the two stars are seen embracing after crossing paths outside the Dior Haute Couture show in Paris in January. “I love you,” Portman told Rihanna, who then responded, “I am a fucking fan.”

	The “Work” artist continued as Portman stood in surprise, “You are one of the hottest bitches in Hollywood forever. … I don’t get excited about anybody, but I fucking love you.”

	The Lady in the Lake actress also recalled her unforgettable run-in with Rihanna during a recent appearance on the Today show. 

	“Listen, it’s the confidence boost of a lifetime,” Portman told hosts Hoda Kotb and Jenna Bush Hager at the time. “It was really exactly what I needed at that moment in my life and she served it to me, and I’m forever grateful. I love her.”
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.