Home » Barbados Wins Big at Routes Americas Awards
The leading air service development event of the Americas named Barbados Tourism Marketing Inc. winner in destinations category.
The Barbados Tourism Marketing Inc. (BTMI) emerged victorious in the destination category at the prestigious Routes Americas Awards on March 20, 2024. This latest honor gives Barbados official recognition as the top destination for route development and marketing support strategies in the Americas.
The Routes Americas Awards specifically acknowledges the outstanding achievements of the air service development community – showcasing the collaborative efforts between airlines, airports, and the destinations they serve. The Routes Awards highlight the partnerships driving global air connectivity and are celebrated as the most valuable awards with respect to route development.
Commenting on the win, Minister of Tourism and International Transport the Hon. Ian Gooding-Edghill remarked, “This recognition reaffirms Barbados’ position as a leading destination in the region. Additionally, it also underscores the confidence that our airline partners across the Americas have in the destination – the results we have achieved and the strong partnerships that we have built. Our focus on strengthening partnerships with airlines and industry stakeholders has been instrumental in driving increased capacity and demonstrates the confidence that our partners have in the destination and positions us to achieve sustainable tourism growth.”
Over the past year, Barbados has demonstrated remarkable resilience and dedication to rebuilding the tourism sector and making the destination more accessible for travelers in key markets in the Americas.
Eusi Skeete, Director at BTMI Canada, expressed gratitude for the accolade, stating, “We are humbled to have won the Routes Americas Destination Award which is testimony to the strong relationships we have built with our Airline partners and our continued focus on stimulating demand for the destination through targeted marketing initiatives in key markets, thus strengthening the business case for increased frequency and capacity from existing routes and the introduction of new gateways”.
Expressing similar sentiments, Peter Mayers, Director of BTMI USA noted, “We are humbled and honored to receive this prestigious Destination award in recognition of our work with our partners in advancing our network development plans. We thank Routes for this formal acknowledgement of our efforts and pledge our unstinting support to our Partners in continued pursuit of mutually beneficial results”.
As BTMI continues to prioritize sustainable tourism growth and strategic partnerships; this notable win underscores the organization’s commitment to excellence in air service development and destination marketing.
About Barbados
The island of Barbados is a Caribbean gem rich in cultural, heritage, sporting, culinary and eco experiences. It is surrounded by idyllic white sand beaches and is the only coral island in the Caribbean. With over 400 restaurants and eateries, Barbados is the Culinary Capital of the Caribbean.
The island is also known as the birthplace of rum, commercially producing and bottling the finest blends since the 1700s. In fact, many can experience the island’s historic rums at the annual Barbados Food and Rum Festival. The island also hosts events like the annual Crop Over Festival, where A-lists celebrities like our very own Rihanna are often spotted, and the annual Run Barbados Marathon, the largest marathon in the Caribbean. As the motorsport island, it is home to the leading circuit-racing facility in the English-speaking Caribbean. Known as a sustainable destination, Barbados was named one of the world’s Top Nature Destinations in 2022 by the Traveler’s Choice Awards’.
Accommodations on the island are wide and varied, ranging from picturesque private villas to quaint boutique hotels, cozy Airbnb’s, prestigious international chains and award-winning five-diamond resorts. Travelling to this paradise is a breeze as the Grantley Adams International Airport offers a variety non-stop and direct services from growing U.S., U.K., Canadian, Caribbean, European, and Latin American gateways. Arriving by ship is also easy as Barbados is a marquee port with calls from the world’s best cruise and luxury liners.
For more information on travel to Barbados, click here, follow on Facebook, and via Instagram @visitbarbados and @Barbados on X.
About BTMI
The Barbados Tourism Marketing Inc (BTMI) serves to position Barbados as the Caribbean’s premier tourism destination through captivating marketing strategies. The BTMI prioritizes a high-quality travel experience, through the provision of suitable transport services to and from Barbados for air and sea passengers. With the holistic development of the industry in mind, the creative team executes thorough market research into the needs of the ideal traveler and gives special focus to ensuring the island has the best amenities for an authentic Barbadian stay.
SEEN IN IMAGE:  Peter Mayers, Director BTMI USA (left) and Eusi Skeete, Director BTMI Canada during the Routes Americas Awards ceremony held in Bogota, Columbia. – image courtesy of BTMI
Copyright © 2025. Created by Meks. Powered by WordPress.