Beauty
If only my crying moments could look this glam.
I already have some big hair plans in the works, but there’s something in the air that might just make me pivot. That transformative energy most likely has to do with Fashion Month’s last act, during which famous people are pulling out all the stops with major switch-ups of their own. 
At Mugler, Cardi B went for a high-editorial — and eye-obstructing — geometric fringe; in contrast, Blackpink’s Rosé traded her usual straight and smooth style for dainty ringlets to sit front row at Saint Laurent. And per usual, Zendaya had everyone in a chokehold when she substituted her sophisticated bob for mermaid waves. In makeup news, Lady Gaga set off at least 10 minutes’ worth of desperate zooming in on photos of her glittery tear, while Greta Lee’s full brows at Loewe might have persuaded me to set a daily calendar reminder to apply growth serum. 
Decisions, decisions. Keep reading for the best celebrity beauty looks of the week.
I will not be borrowing new-season Vaquera for my upcoming birthday, but I can much more easily recreate Rosalía’s intentionally smeary eye and glossy lip.
For Rabanne, Camila Cabello debuted a shoulder-length cut with side-swept bangs. If your hair is on the thinner side, you’re in luck — less density allows for easier manipulation and placement of the wispy front sections. 
For those who love a good public cry, why not follow Lady Gaga’s lead and bedazzle your tears? At the UK premiere of Joker: Folie à Deux, Gaga walked the red carpet in striking blue eyeshadow (makeup artist Sarah Tanno used a Lemonhead LA eye glitter) and a single Swarovski crystal.
At the Saint Laurent womenswear show in Paris, Rosé’s spiraling blonde curls were very reminiscent of everyone’s favorite fictional sex columnist. For the straight-haired among us, use a 1/2-inch-barrel wand and tease your roots to add volume. 
Rivaling Kim Kardashian as the wet-look queen, Zendaya was seen in New York City with slicked-back, crinkled curls. Apply Bumble and bumble’s Gel Sculpting Medium to damp hair and scrunch for the same effect. 
Chances are there’s at least some penciling-in going on here, but even so, that is one majestic set of arches (made even more so with the aid of a spoolie brush).
Sitting in Mugler’s front row, the singer stepped out in inverted bangs that start short at the sides and get longer in the middle. Editorial? For sure. Practical? Maybe if you have some bobby pins for walking around.
Rihanna did it last week, which makes two recent votes in favor of the Veronica Lake “mysterious waterfall of hair over the eye.” Get your hot rollers and Mason Pearsons out, class.
“Real girls” do their makeup with a single product all over (whether they’ve lost their luggage or not), but so does Stephanie Hsu, who attended Giambattista Valli’s Paris show in an elevated tone-on-tone face with a well-hydrated, expensive-looking finish.
While celebrating the 25th anniversary of her self-titled debut album, Christina Aguilera sported a shimmery lilac shadow and proved that pastel hues aren’t just for the spring with the timely addition of a darker shade in the crease. (Try ILIA’s Liquid Powder Matte Eye Tint in Aster.)