Tip T.I. Harris performs "24's" at the BET Awards on Sunday, June 25, 2023, at the Microsoft Theater in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Mark Terrill)Mark Terrill/Invision/AP
Before demolition work begins on the Mobile Civic Center Arena this summer, T.I. and Anthony Hamilton will top the bill at an “R&B & Hip Hop Music Fest” announced Friday.
Mayor Sandy Stimpson announced this week that the long-gestating effort to decide what to do with the Civic Center property – whether to upgrade or replace the aging facility – had culminated in a decision. The city aims to begin demolition work in August to clear the way for a new $300 million arena with a maximum seating capacity of just over 10,000. Proponents say the new facility will be able to meet the needs of modern touring productions including concerts and sporting events, as well as Mobile’s Mardi Gras balls. A ribbon cutting on the new venue is currently targeted for January 2027.
If that plan goes forward on schedule, the R&B & Hip-Hop Music Fest will be among the final shows for a hall that has echoed with the music of everyone from Elvis Presley and Led Zeppelin to The Monkees, Elton John and Prince.
According to information released Friday, the R&B & Hip Hop Music Fest will feature T.I., Anthony Hamilton and a reunion of artists associated with T.I.’s Atlanta-based Grand Hustle Records, including Young Dro, Big Kuntry and Mac Boney. The show will take place June 15, a Saturday. Tickets go on sale at 10 a.m. Friday, March 22, through Ticketmaster, with prices starting at $74 plus fees.
T.I., aka Clifford Harris Jr., is an Atlanta rapper who enjoyed a run of pop crossover success between 2004 and 2009 with top 10 solo hits such as “Bring ‘Em Out,” “What You Know” and “Whatever You Like,” as well as collaborative hits such as “Swagga Like Us” with Jay-Z, Kanye West and Lil Wayne; “Live Your Life” with Rihanna; and “Dead and Gone” with Justin Timberlake. He also has numerous TV and film acting credits.
Anthony Hamilton’s top R&B singles include “Charlene,” “Struggle No More (The Main Event)” and “Pray for Me.” He also has made his mark as a featured artist on other acts’ songs, with notable examples including Nappy Roots’ “Po’ Folks” and Jadakiss’ “Why.”
As things stand, the fest is the latest concert scheduled for the Civic Center Arena. Others upcoming arena shows include comedian Katt Williams on March 22, Kevin Gates on May 9, comedian Gabriel Iglesias on May 11 and Judas Priest on May 12.
RELATED:
‘Still Standing:’ Elton John rocks the Mobile Civic Center once again
Misty Mountain Mobile Hop: The day Led Zeppelin came to town
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices