Dozens of staff of a company from Bracknell were dispatched to provide a 'Vegas experience' as part of wedding festivities for a billionaire family in India.


  Anati Ambani, the youngest son of billionaire Mukesh Ambani married Radhika Merchant in Janmagar, India, with the wedding costing more than £475.650 million. 


  Remarkably, a professional events company from Bracknell were hired to entertain guests at the wedding. 


  Lost Vegas Fun Casino Hire and Entertainment run amusement arcades and casino games in a 'just-for-fun' format. 


  The company was one of those selected for the wedding festivities. 


  It all started when Company owner Catherine Harrington was contacted by an agent of the organisers. 


  Ms Harrington, 52, from Hanworth said: "They whatsapped me and I thought it was a prank!"


  But after trading messages, it became clear the agent was serious, leading to Ms Harrington and a total team of 35 staff from Lost Vegas flying out to the wedding venue in India. 


  Describing the wedding, Ms Harrington said: "It was just amazing, it was like a dream. 


  "It was just phenomenal, an amazing experience. 


Staff of Lost Vegas looking their best at the Ambani wedding in India. (Image: Lost Vegas Fun Casino Hire and Entertainment)


  "The whole site was amazing, they built 14 temples and a stadium for Rihanna, and the flowers were like something I've never seen before.


  "It was a once-in-a-lifetime experience." 


  The wedding is the biggest gig in the company's history. 


  Ms Harrington said: "I would say so, definitely. It's the furthest we've travelled, and the  biggest group we've had for an international event like that.


  She added that her staff would have likely seen Bollywood actors and sporting celebrities at the event. 


  Ms Harrington said: "We saw the groom and one of the mothers of the couple, they came through to see us."


Catherine Harrington, the founder of Lost Vegas Fun Casino Hire and Entertainment at the Ambani wedding. (Image: Lost Vegas Fun Casino Hire and Entertainment)


  The company was hired for the week, with the majority of staff departing once the wedding festivities were over.


  However, some of her staff members went on to travel in India, with Ms Harrington and her partner flying on to Goa, a state known for its exquisite beaches on the Indian Ocean. 


  Lost Vegas Fun Casino Hire and Entertainment is also celebrating its 20th anniversary this year. 


Catherine Harrington, the owner of the Lost Vegas business, enjoys herself on the beach in India. (Image: Lost Vegas Fun Casino Hire and Entertainment)


  The casino games Lost Vegas provides are 'just-for-fun' using stylised non-tender money, therefore it does not qualify as gambling. 


  Most of the staff were given regular plane tickets departing from London Gatwick Airport, with other individual staff members travelling from Paris and Dubai. 


  Lost Vegas provided a 24-hour service for wedding guests. 


  Photos provided by Ms Harrington show staff looking their best for the wedding, and snippets of them at the venue. 


  The Ambani family are the owners of the Stoke Park mansion and estate just north of Slough. 


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                

                            Last Updated: 

Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.