Chop chop!

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Happy birthday, Mr. President Emmanuel Macron. No, it's not the president of France's official birthday, but if I was the first person to see Rihanna rock a major new hairstyle I would consider the day a celebration.
On Thursday, January 25, Rihanna and A$AP Rocky were spotted outside the Élysée Palace in Paris after meeting with President Macron. While their businesslike outfits (Rihanna wore a Saint Laurent coat and pencil skirt while her beau chose a brown sweater and black dress pants) certainly turned heads, most of the attention was on Rihanna's actual head. Yes, she has a lob.
According to photographic evidence, Rihanna's hair was recently cut to fall right at her shoulders. She styled the look with soft waves and a side part—a fairly breezy look for such a momentous occasion.
Less than a month ago, the Grammy winner wore her hair in extra-long braids as she vacationed in Aspen with Rocky and their sons, Riot and RZA. Since then, she's shown up across the world in Paris, where the braids were gone and her honey blonde locks were once again on full display, accessorized with a hat at the Christian Dior show. Hours later, she wore them in a sleek middle part while out to dinner.
While this isn't Rihanna's first time meeting the French leader (she also sat down with Macron in 2017 and 2018), this is the first time she's met him while blonde. Based on the photo above, the "FourFiveSeconds" singer's hair is even lighter than the hue she's been rocking. It could be the lighting, but we might have a blonder Rihanna on our hands.
Although I'm not sure when the cut (and potential dye job) came into play, I do know it was a good move. Rih, ç'est magnifique.
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
Sophia Vilensky is a Freelance Beauty Writer at Marie Claire with a beauty, wellness, and entertainment journalism portfolio that includes contributions to Byrdie, Bravo, Teen Vogue, and Us Weekly. Growing up in a family of beauticians—and through her own personal studies—she developed an in-depth understanding of aesthetics, cosmetic product formulation, and beauty treatment development and has also held roles as a senior copywriter, content strategist, and proofreader for top beauty and wellness brands. Even so, you'd be hard pressed to find her with her hair and makeup actually done. Sophia is based in Minneapolis and is a 2019 graduate of the University of Minnesota, where she majored in English and minored in cinema studies. During her time at the university, she was the Arts & Entertainment Editor for the Minnesota Daily, earning the 2019 Editor of the Year award for her work. She connected deeply with the Twin Cities arts scene, collaborating with leading beauty professionals, designers, and artists. Graduating Summa Cum Laude, her thesis—a close-reading of Vanderpump Rules—was featured on NPR. When not immersed in writing or testing new products, Sophia enjoys watching reality TV, reading, and exploring the newest woo-woo wellness trends. Keep up with her on Instagram @sophiavilensky.

She never misses.


We're getting serious vacation envy from Tina Fey's latest comedy.


They've "never been fazed by being out in public."


The entrepreneur has extended Fenty Beauty’s reach in the Caribbean and she got a new manicure to celebrate.


Fenty Beauty is releasing a new product and Rihanna showed off her natural hair to help promote it.


Ready for a little vintage sparkle?


She also threw it back to the '50s and '60s with a nostalgic hairstyle.


Including some surprisingly versatile cuts!


It's easier than you think to find an easy, flattering style.


The pop star and her polished white toes stepped out for a Fenty Hair launch at Selfridges.


Consider this the royal tone resurgence.


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.