Now 
55
 Mon 
54
 Tue 
52
by LEANNE ITALIE | AP Entertainment Writer
TOPICS:
NEW YORK (AP) — Attention all you fashionistas: It's Met Gala time. Yes, the first Monday in May is upon us and this year's green-tinged carpet is open with early A-listers including party czar Anna Wintour and Jennifer Lopez.
Wintour wore a black coat adorned with multicolored flowers in line with the theme: “The Garden of Time.” Flowers were already everywhere. Lopez, one of the party's co-chairs, was all va-va-voom in a silver goddess look that hugged like a second skin. She's got the Meta Gala down: It's her 14th.
LIKE WHAT YOU SEE? Click here for dozens of other photos
Looking to follow along? Here's a quick primer on what you need to know about the palooza of A-list celebrities from film, fashion, music, sports, politics and social media.
That's tricky. Vogue has the exclusive livestream, which starts at 6 p.m. Eastern at Vogue.com. The feed will also be available on Vogue's digital platforms, including TikTok and YouTube.
Only the event's stacked red carpet is watchable — the gala's cocktail hour and dinner are notoriously private events.
It's a party, for sure, with cocktails and dinner for about invited 400 guests, but it's also a huge fundraiser for the Met's Costume Institute, the only department at the museum required to pay for itself. Last year, the gala raised about $22 million. Anna Wintour, a Met trustee for whom part of the institute has been renamed, organizes the whole shebang. No phones are allowed, adding to the allure.
There's a dress code each year tied to the museum's spring exhibition. Some guests, not all, step up at the request of Wintour. This year's theme is inspired by J.G. Ballard's 1962 short story of the same name. It's a squishy fashion ask considering how specific last year's theme was: all things Karl Lagerfeld. Florals, and more florals, are expected this time around. Vintage will likely be big, too.
It's called “Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion.” But we're not talking fairytales or Disney princesses. It includes 250 items from The Costume Institute’s permanent collection, including some garments very rarely seen in public and so fragile they need to be under glass. Curators wanted to engage all the senses, including smell. They worked with a “smell artist.” And there's a garment that actually grows. Part of the idea is to pay tribute to the natural world. The exhibit opens to the public Friday and runs through Sept. 2.
Getting called up by Wintour as a co-chair is a big deal. This year's class is Zendaya, Jennifer Lopez, Bad Bunny and Chris Hemsworth. It's Hemsworth's first Met Gala, and he and Bad Bunny were among the early arrivals Monday. Shou Chew, chief executive officer of TikTok, and Jonathan Anderson, creative director of Loewe, are honorary chairs. The companies are also gala and exhibition sponsors.
Who attends is top secret but Rihanna has spilled she'll be there. She'll likely be accompanied by her partner A$AP Rocky. Other high-profile partners likely to attend, because their significant others are hosting: Ben Affleck and Tom Holland. Affleck bestie Matt Damon and his wife are attending. Lily Gladstone has said she’ll attend. Who we want to see: Ayo Edebiri.Taylor Swift is looking like a no, and her boyfriend Travis Kelce will definitely not be there. Dua Lipa is going.