HUNDREDS were treated to a special performance from a celebrity DJ as part of a special day of celebration which saw a popular leisure park open its newest attraction.


  Osea Leisure Park is a Maldon-based resort located on Osea Road, connecting Heybridge to the tiny and private Osea Island.


  The popular venue held its Osea Pirate Festival on Sunday, welcoming visitors as it opened its new Pirate Cove Splash Park.


  More than 750 people attended the festival, which saw both a ‘Jack Sparrow’ impersonator for children and a club night with JLS’s Marvin Humes for the adults.


TAKE AIM: The Jack Sparrow impersonator at Osea Leisure Park  (Image: Osea Leisure Park)


BIG FUN: Children enjoying the new pirate ship at the daytime event  (Image: Osea Leisure Park)


  The event also saw entertainment from the Sea Shanty Singers with the Fire and Cutlass Spectacular, face painting, and arts and craft were also provided.


  A Caribbean Pirate Cove Beer Tent, Tikki Cocktail Bar and a Caribbean Buffet were also available to parents during the Pirate Festival, which ended at 8.30pm.


Spectacular - The Fire and Cutlass Spectacular  (Image: Osea Leisure Park)


  Following this, at 9.30pm, more than 300 visitors then leapt onto joined the dance floor as part of the adult-exclusive Club Osea Caribbean Party Night.


  Both DJ Jay Shepherd and Hayley Woolley performed as well Marvin Humes, who delivered a one-and-a-half-hour set.


ON STAGE: Marvin Humes performing at the Osea Leisure Park  (Image: Osea Leisure Park)


  Humes rose to fame after auditioning as part of boy band JLS for the fifth season of the X Factor in 2008 where they finished in second place.


  JLS split after their 5th album in 2013 and since then Marvin has been a television presenter for This Morning, The Voice UK and Loose Women.


STRIKE A POSE: Marvin Humes taking a selfie with fans  (Image: Osea Leisure Park)


  Marvin is also an Ibiza DJ hosting ‘Ibiza lives on Capital’ for Capital FM.


  Osea Leisure Park was recognised as a five-star resort by England’s official tourism board last year and overlooks Osea Island, where Essex celeb Olly Murs married now-wife Amelia Tank last summer. 


The Leisure Park has also been given the highest rating from VisitEngland, for its two on-site facilities The Park and The Meadows, making it the first park in Essex to receive five stars.


  The island is also well-known for attracting popular celebrities including singers Rihanna, The Weeknd, George Ezra and Sean Paul.


  British rapper Stormzy even recorded his entire album ‘This is What I Mean’ on the island where he “prayed every morning” with the “free atmosphere” of the island.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.