Daisy Edgar-Jones is rocketing up the fashion ranks. 
The 26-year-old only entered the Hollywood sphere in 2020, yet has commanded the fashion industry like no other. 
Gucci, Chloé and Magda Butrum form the foundation of her luxury wardrobe, which is regularly debuted on red carpets and BTS Instagram snaps courtesy of her stylist Dani Michele. 
However, Daisy shelved the opulent garments for holiday attire as she jetted off to the West Indies for a well-deserved break. 
The British star documented her time away from set online, including a photo of herself wearing a bikini that is springing to the top of our wishlists.
The chocolate-hued set featured a popular crinkled texture, hooped ring detailing and a classic halterneck silhouette, Hailing from It-girl label Hunza G, the two piece, coined the ‘Eva Shirred Bikini,’ made for a playful addition to the actress’ summer arsenal.
MORE: Sydney Sweeney's retro swimsuit might just trump the itsy-bitsy bikini trend
RELATED: Sydney Sweeney’s holiday wardrobe featured a "great" clap back
Daisy completed her poolside attire with some black cat-eye sunglasses and a pair of gold hoop earrings. 
Other images in the photographic carousel included the London-native wearing a sweet, coquette-inspired black dress, mid-wash denim shorts, an oversized boyfriend shirt, a white ruched blouse and a raffia bucket hat.
The swimstyle duo currently retails online for £175. Hunza G is a luxury swimwear and beachwear brand known for its signature crinkle-stretch fabric, offering one-size-fits-all designs. The brand combines retro-inspired silhouettes with bold, vibrant colours, emphasising comfort, versatility, and eco-friendly production practices.
Daisy joins a swathe of fellow stars in their love for Hunza G sets, including Emily Ratajkowski, Adwoa Aboah, Hailey Bieber, Kim Kardashian, Rihanna, Dua Lipa and Rosie Huntintgton-Whitely. 
MORE: Revenge dresses? Kaia Gerber is all for revenge bikinis
RELATED: Bella Hadid took style cues from Maya Jama in crochet set
The Gucci muse has been revelling in her time off since promoting her latest onscreen endeavour Twisters. Earlier this summer, Daisy’s Glastonbury outfits caught the attention of eagle-eyed style lovers across London. 
Why? The actress sported Gucci to the cherished British bash, the bravest and boldest of sartorial power moves. 
By entering your details, you are agreeing to HELLO! Magazine User Data Protection Policy. You can unsubscribe at any time. For more information, please click here.