Tonight was the second part of the 2023 Primetime Creative Arts Emmy Awards, which were delayed after several months. Among the winners were Jay-Z and Hamish Hamilton, who won the Emmy for Outstanding Directing for a Variety Special for co-directing Rihanna’s Super Bowl halftime show. They took home the award over fellow nominees Joel Gallen (Chris Rock: Selective Outrage), Linda Mendoza (Wanda Sykes: I'm an Entertainer), Paul Miller (Carol Burnett: 90 Years of Laughter + Love), and Glenn Weiss (The Oscars). Rihanna’s Super Bowl halftime show also scooped up the Outstanding Production Design for a Variety Special award, too.
Meanwhile, Outstanding Music Direction went to the Library of Congress for Gershwin Prize for Popular Song: Joni Mitchell, and the team behind Moonage Daydream won Emmys for Outstanding Sound Editing for a Nonfiction Reality Program (Single or Multicam) and Outstanding Sound Mixing for a Nonfiction Program (Single or Multicam).
Tim Robinson also won his second Emmy of the year (and third of his career) for Outstanding Short Form Comedy, Drama or Variety Series for I Think You Should Leave With Tim Robinson, following his win last night for Outstanding Actor in a Short Form Comedy or Drama Series.
Other notable awards from tonight include Elton John Live: Farewell from Dodger Stadium nabbing Outstanding Sound Mixing for a Variety Series or Special, Keke Palmer winning Outstanding Host for a Game Show for Password, and John Mulaney taking home Outstanding Writing for a Variety Special for Baby J.
Last night (January 6) was the first part of the Primetime Creative Arts Emmy Awards, where “Weird Al” Yankovic’s Daniel Radcliffe–starring biopic, Weird: The Al Yankovic Story, won the Emmy for Outstanding Television Movie, as well as Outstanding Music Composition for a Limited or Anthology Series, Movie or Special (Original Dramatic Score). Other winners included Ed Sheeran, Foy Vance, and Max Martin for Outstanding Original Music and Lyrics for the Ted Lasso song “A Beautiful Game,” Danny Elfman for Outstanding Original Main Title Theme Music for Wednesday, and the second season of White Lotus for Outstanding Music Composition for a Series (Original Dramatic Score) and Outstanding Music Supervision.
More From Pitchfork
Events
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Pitchfork may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
CN Entertainment