If you click on links we provide, we may receive compensation.

Blake Lively wore the same set just last week.
Getty
 In a moment of fashion deja vu, Kris Jenner has stepped out in Paris wearing the exact same Chanel two-piece set that Blake Lively wore just last week. Great minds think alike, right?

 Jenner was spotted wearing the colorful set, which features splashy purple, blue and pink flowers and the famous double-C logo, while stepping out for Paris Fashion Week. She wore the round-necked Embroidered Printed Neoprene Jacket buttoned up, while she showed off matching shoes in the same print, which peeked out below the wide hem of her matching pants. She carried a round baby pink clutch also by Chanel and completed the chic look with a pair of oversized black sunglasses and round gold stud earrings.

Getty
 This bright Chanel print from the fashion house's spring/summer 2024 collection is certainly proving to be popular amongst the celebs. Just last week, Blake Lively donned the same print while attending the Tribeca Festival Artists Dinner in New York. However, she opted for the slouchy pajama-style top rather than the more formal Chelsea jacket worn by Jenner.

 It's certainly easy to see why both fashion-forward stars were drawn to this colorful look—the slouchy pajama-inspired design is the epitome of elevated comfy-girl chic. Lively and Jenner are onto something—namely, wearing pajamas as going out-out clothes. And this popular Chanel set is the perfect inspo.

Getty
 Of course, Pjs-as-going-out-clothes has been a thing for a few months now, with other stars like Kelly Ripa, Rihanna, Zendaya and Chrissy Teigan all hopping on the comfiest trend of the year. And if Lively and Jenner are any indication, this trend isn't going anywhere any time soon.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)