Here’s your one chance, Fancy, don’t let them down.
Reba McEntire kicked off the 2024 Super Bowl on Sunday with a traditional performance of the national anthem.
Wearing a metallic blazer over a black top and patterned pants with a rodeo belt buckle, the country music superstar, 68, sang “The Star-Spangled Banner” at Allegiant Stadium in Paradise, Nev., before the Kansas City Chiefs defeated the San Francisco 49ers 25-22.
McEntire’s rendition, which brought Chiefs defensive tackle Chris Jones to tears, lasted one minute and 35 seconds.
Prior to the big game, the “Reba” star revealed that she had been practicing the anthem “in the shower” and “in the car” with her boyfriend, Rex Linn.
“He’ll say, ‘OK, sing it one more time.’ I said, ‘I think I know the words real good right now, so I’m all right,'” she shared Thursday during an Apple Music press conference in Las Vegas.
The NFL announced on Jan. 18 that it had tapped McEntire to sing the patriotic tune this year, joining the ranks of Chris Stapleton (2023), Pink (2018), Lady Gaga (2016), Beyoncé (2004), Mariah Carey (2002) and Whitney Houston (1991), among other artists.
“CODA” actor Daniel Durant accompanied the “Voice” coach in American Sign Language during the pregame show on CBS.
Post Malone and Andra Day, meanwhile, performed “America the Beautiful” and “Lift Every Voice and Sing,” respectively, with actress Anjel Piñero signing both songs.
Usher took the stage later in the championship game to headline the halftime show with special guests including Alicia Keys and Ludacris.
The “Confessions” crooner, 45, called the opportunity the “honor of a lifetime” when the league revealed last September that he had been chosen to follow in the footsteps of Rihanna (2023), Madonna (2012), Bruce Springsteen (2009), Prince (2007), Diana Ross (1996) and Michael Jackson (1993).
Usher is no stranger to the Super Bowl, having been a guest during the Black Eyed Peas’ halftime show in 2011.
“I got a chance to see a bit of what it felt like,” he told the Associated Press in November.
As for what fans could expect this time around, the R&B star teased that he was trying to “squeeze” all the hits that “people celebrate and love” into his 13-minute set.
Advertisement