Cardi B shared a "fun fact" about her time working as a stripper before becoming famous.
Cardi B is getting back to her roots.
The "Bodak Yellow" rapper has never been shy about her past work as a stripper, but she's never revealed what name she went by in her former line of work—until now.
Cardi (real name Belcalis Marlenis Almánzar) posted two photos from her birthday party (the "I Like It" hitmaker turned 32 on Oct. 11) to show off the outfit she wore for the celebration, and she shared the story behind the look, which she purchased from Satin Dolls, strip club she used to work at in New York City.
"So let me tell ya about my little thotty dress," she wrote on Instagram Oct. 13 of the skin-baring black mini-dress. "The dress I was gonna wear for my birthday was a little too small and there wasn't enough fabric."
"I got my ass in a truck and went to [Satin Dolls Gentlemen's Club] where I worked at for four years," Cardi continued, "and bought this little dress because baby NOTHING was gonna stop this night."
The mother of three added that her former coworkers at the nightclub still treat her like they did before she became a celebrity.
"I love the fact that they don’t see me like CARDI B," she gushed. "They still treat me like CAMILLA (Fun fact.. that was my stripper name)."
A post shared by Cardi B (@iamcardib)
Cardi wore her sexy ensemble to her Sex and The City-inspired "Bardi in The City" birthday party in New York, where she partied with the likes of French Montana and her sister Hennessy Carolina Almánzar.
In clips shared by Hennessy, Cardi could be seen twerking and singing along to music, revealing that her dress was backless and showed off her signature back tattoo.
Her fun night out comes amid her divorce from her rapper husband Offset, with whom she shares daughter Kulture, 6, son, Wave, 3, and a newborn daughter born Sept. 7, 2024.
Cardi announced the birth of her third child Sept. 12, writing of her new daughter on Instagram, "prettiest little thing." 
The announcement came just over a month after the "WAP" rapper filed for divorce from Offset after almost seven years of marriage. Cardi requested primary custody of their three children, in addition to child support from her estranged husband.
The former couple has had an up and down relationship over the years—including recent allegations by Offset that Cardi cheated on him while pregnant—but there wasn't one singular thing that caused them to split for good.
“This is not based on one particular incident,” a rep for Cardi B told E! News in August. “It has been a longtime coming.
Keep reading for more of Cardi B's most daring looks over the years.
Très Chic
Oooh la la! Cardi B dazzled at Messika's Spring-Summer 2025 show during Paris Fashion Week.
Turning Heads
More fashionable looks? Oui. The Grammy winner also attended Vivienne Westwood's Paris Fashion Week show.
Unforgettable Met Gala Moment
Cardi made jaws drop with her Windowsen gown at the 2024 Met Gala. 
Hollywood Glamour
She also stunned at the 2024 Vanity Fair Oscars after-party in this sexy lace Versace dress.
Captivating Cardi
The "Bodak Yellow" artist went for a black and white floral-adorned gown by Chen Peng Studio at the 2023 Met Gala.
Lady in Red
Cardi ruled the red carpet in a crimson design by Robert Wun at the 2023 Vanity Fair Oscars after-party.
Feather Fantasy
The musician made a showstopping entrance at Schiaparelli's Paris Fashion Week Haute Couture show in 2023.
Shining Bright
Cardi was shining bright at the Fendi Haute Couture fall/winter 2023/2024 show during Paris Fashion Week.
The "I Like It" artist looked like a golden goddess in an Atelier Versace chained gown during the 2022 MET Gala. 
Cardi also looked chic at Balenciaga's Paris Fashion Week show in 2021, where she wore a magazine-pattern trench coat, black hat, matchings gloves and coordinating shoes.
Fierce Fuchsia
The "Please Me" star rocked a glittery fuchsia pink catsuit during the 2022 Wireless Festival.
Sheer Style
Cardi also sparkled in a black jumpsuit at the festival.
Cardi B rocked a biker-inspired leather outfit with spike detailing during Paris Fashion Week in 2022.
The "WAP" rapper arrived at the 2021 America Music Awards in a black dress, matching veil and gold mask.
Cardi sported a sequined ruby gown and feathers at a 2021 Thierry Mugler Couturissime event.
Celebrity hairstylist Tokyo Stylez used Joico color, styling and care products on the rapper before her 2021 Grammys performance. 
Cardi B was going green in this Richard Quinn catsuit and matching ruffled headpiece at Paris Fashion Week in 2021.
Talks about a mic-drop moment. The star rocked the 2019 Grammys red carpet with this over-the-top Thierry Mugler gown from its 1995 archive.
Not surprisingly, Cardi, a.k.a., Belcalis Almanzar, dropped jaws during her 2019 Grammys performance. She took the stage in a 1995 archive Thierry Mugler bodysuit, which comes with larger-than-life feathers. Okurr!
She slayed Paris Fashion Week and she knew it. "I heard you b---hes were missing me at Fashion Week New York," she wrote on Instagram in 2019, while showing off her vibrant green floral ensemble. "I'm here to serve it to you mother-f--kers, and serve it to you cold."
Attending the Thom Browne show in Paris Fashion Week in 2019, the "Press" singer put on her finest fashion. As she noted on Instagram, she called her look, "THE TEACHER."
Cardi knows how to make a state-mint, which is exactly what she did with this Ralph & Russo gown in 2019.
The "Money" rapper went country glam with this custom Bryan Hearns outfit for 2019 Rodeo Houston.
As you can see, Cardi went all out for Rihanna's 2019 Diamond Ball gala and wore an over-the-top baby pink gown.
The 2018 Met Gala theme brought Catholic motifs and religious-inspired designs to the extravagant event, and Bardi took us to church with her ostentatious Moschino gown and headpiece.
Coachella Fashion
Cardi turned up the heat at Coachella 2018 with this custom, white-hot outfit by Bryan Hearns.
Rocking the Stage
She also channeled Linda Evangelista with this 2018 ensemble that was almost identical to what the supermodel wore in the '90s. She dazzled in a bodysuit by Vex Clothing, custom accessories from Laurel Dewitt and vintage boots from Chanel.
A Purrrrrfectly Bold Look
Cardi turned heads during Milan Fashion Week with her wild (literally) Dolce & Gabbana ensemble in 2018.
Never one to shy away from bold prints and patterns, the star wore this Moschino dress during a 2017 dinner.
She also made everyone green with envy in her custom emerald two-piece by Vex Clothing, Dare to Be Vintage robe and Balenciaga boots that year. 
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.