Rihanna always turns heads.
The singer had a glamorous yet casual outing, making a stop at Target and a star-studded karaoke event all in one night on Sunday in NYC.
Her outfit had the same equal parts high-fashion and laid-back vibe, with the focal point being an oversized brown fur hat, which was a practical fashion move considering the frigid temps.
Rather than bundling up in a wintery parka jacket, the Fenty Beauty founder, 36, leaned into layering. 
The “Diamonds” singer wore a black leather jacket, which had forest green suede patches on the back of the arms, atop a graphic tee featuring an image of iconic rapper Tupac.
When she attended the Girls Love Karaoke event, she shed her outwear while performing her own hit song, “Needed Me,” to the delight of fans.
As for the bottom half of her look, Rih paired slouchy two-tone jeans with Bottega Veneta boots ($1,400).
The A-lister doubled down on fuzzy accents by carrying a deep moss-hued furry bag. 
Finally, layers of glitzy necklaces, bracelets and rings tied together the businesswoman’s effortlessly cool street style outfit. 
Rihanna’s penchant for furry statement pieces knows no bounds — and she has incorporated the fashionable winter weather staple into nearly every outfit as of late.
The entire weekend was packed with fur as the beauty mogul stepped out despite the rainy weather on Saturday in a vintage John Galliano mink fur coat from 1998.
On Friday, she carried a white, beige and brown bag by Gucci with a sequined Christopher Esber dress and snakeskin boots.
Meanwhile, during an outing in Los Angeles a few weeks ago, Rihanna once again proved her imagination is endless in a fur coat and bedazzled Simone Rocha Crocs mash-up.
And who could forget her stunning vintage Christian Lacroix blue fur jacket and oversized hat she wore to the Fashion Awards in London on Dec. 2?
It seems Rihanna has been celebrating the holidays in NYC with partner A$AP Rocky and the couple’s two boys, RZA, 2, and Riot Rose, 16 months.
Last week in the city, she reflected on some past fashion moments during a chat with TikToker @mysteryfashionist.
Rihanna’s biggest style regret thus far? The baggy jeans and exposed panties look she famously wore in the early aughts. 
“What the f—k was I thinking, bro,” she said during the convo.
Advertisement