From the office to the party
Every product on this page was chosen by a Harper's BAZAAR editor. We may earn commission on some of the items you choose to buy.
Angelina Jolie’s commitment to sustainable fashion goes beyond wearing vintage designer gowns and upcycled pieces. She is also a seasoned and proud outfit repeater.
The actor, who regularly steps out in her favorite neutral-toned trench coats, is once again proving there is nothing wrong with a curated wardrobe. On Monday, she stepped out in New York City during the New York Film Festival in a silky maxi dress, which she styled two different ways for two different occasions.
The blush dress went down to her ankles, and she wore it with her go-to beige leather pumps. For her first outing of the day, Jolie wore the maxi with a textured dark gray blazer with a sleek silhouette, plus oversize caramel-tinted aviator sunglasses and a small black leather pouch. For jewelry, she wore several gold hoop earrings on one ear and a long dangly gold earring on another, as well as some chunky gold rings.
For her second outing, Jolie wore the same silky dress with the same heels, shades, bag, and jewelry—only this time, she layered over it a shaggy black trench coat that tied around the waist and was so fluffy, it looked like the most elegant bathroom I’ve ever seen. (She must’ve gotten the memo from Rihanna.)
Jolie wore the same furry trench a day prior, then styling it with a cropped black silk blouse and draped ivory silk maxi skirt from Heirlome, a slouchy black leather Saint Laurent bag with a gold chain shoulder strap, and her same beige heels and aviators. She added some edge to the elegant look with a large pair of gold teardrop earrings. 
Prince Harry Says He May Not Return to the U.K. 
George Clooney Played Softball In Central Park
Hunter Schafer Gives the Tracksuit a Playful Twist
Blake Lively Wears a “Wedding Gown” on Late Night 
Bella Hadid Glows in a Bubblegum-Pink Set
J.Lo’s Dress Shimmers Like a Starry Night Sky
Hailey Bieber’s Party Dress Is Made of Watches
Princess Charlotte's Birthday Portrait, by Kate
Kendall Jenner’s Halter Plunges to New Depths
Florence Pugh Steps Out in Five Different Looks
Kate and William Show Rare PDA in New Photos
Dua Lipa Looks Cool In Leather Pants
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.