Agenda-setting intelligence, analysis and advice for the global fashion community.
The essential daily round-up of fashion news, analysis, and breaking news alerts.Plus, access one complimentary BoF Professional article of your choice, each month.
Our newsletters may include 3rd-party advertising, by subscribing you agree to the Terms and Conditions & Privacy Policy.
Months after first teasing plans for a hair care line, Beyoncé has announced her new brand, Cécred, will launch later this month.
In an Instagram Reel posted Tuesday, video footage from a hair salon is interspersed with shots of hair being washed and teased, with a single frame of Beyoncé appearing near the end. The caption reads, “Hair is sacred. The journey begins Feb. 20.” and directs viewers to Cécred’s website. The website shows a Venn diagram with Cécred appearing where “science” and “ritual” overlap.
Beyoncé first hinted at the release of a hair care line in May 2023, with a series of images posted to Instagram, including a photo of herself with a heat tool in front of a vanity, an image of her getting her hair braided as a child and a handwritten note that recalled her first job sweeping up hair in her mother’s salon, and talking about “carrying on” her mother’s legacy.
Beyoncé has previously been an ambassador for L’Oréal Paris and Armani Beauty. She released a perfume sold direct to consumers in November. Coty had previously held the licence to make perfumes in her name.
ADVERTISEMENT
The launch comes as celebrity-fronted beauty brands are cooling in the public imagination. But brands such as Rihanna’s Fenty Beauty and Tracee Ellis Ross’ Pattern Beauty have still managed to chime with consumers, leaning on their founder’s personal journeys with beauty, and offering prestige products to underserved markets.
Learn more:
For Celebrity Beauty Brands, a Cloudy Future
E.l.f.’s $355 million acquisition of Naturium doesn’t change the fact that most influencer, actor and musician-fronted brands need to radically rethink their approach.
Daniela Morosini is a Beauty Correspondent at The Business of Beauty at BoF. She covers the global beauty industry, with an interest in how companies go to market and overcome hurdles.
© 2025 The Business of Fashion. All rights reserved. For more information read our Terms & Conditions
Art museums like the Met make $50 million per year in retail revenue. What happens when beauty brands try to exit through the gift shop? 
The company’s latest results show progress in cutting costs, but projects a steeper slide in sales this year than previously anticipated. 
Starting July 1, Wegovy, not Zepbound, will be preferred on CVS Caremark’s standard formulary.
Luxury fashion brands like Bottega Veneta, Balmain and Rabanne are looking to cash in on the niche fragrance boom with new lines of ultra-premium scents. They face tough competition from more agile indies — and are dealing with a different kind of customer.