Agenda-setting intelligence, analysis and advice for the global fashion community.
The essential daily round-up of fashion news, analysis, and breaking news alerts.Plus, access one complimentary BoF Professional article of your choice, each month.
Our newsletters may include 3rd-party advertising, by subscribing you agree to the Terms and Conditions & Privacy Policy.
Billionaire Bernard Arnault said he hopes a planned visit to France next month by China’s Xi Jinping will help smooth trade relations between Paris and Beijing.
“I hope the economic tensions will quiet down and that we can continue a solid economic collaboration with China,” Arnault, the chief executive officer of LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton SE, told reporters after Thursday’s annual general meeting in Paris.
The comments follow China’s decision to launch a probe into alleged dumping practices by Cognac makers from the European Union. In January, LVMH, the owner of Hennessy Cognac, said it was working with the country on that probe.
That move by China came after France was the main backer of an investigation the EU opened last year into Chinese electric vehicle subsidies.
ADVERTISEMENT
Bloomberg News also reported last year that European cosmetics makers were alarmed over Chinese demands regarding their trade secrets. LVMH owns perfume and makeup brands such as Christian Dior, Guerlain and Fenty Beauty by Rihanna.
Arnault’s hopes for a quick resolution to the trade spats may be disappointed, as the EU is considering several new investigations into China. The bloc is looking into whether Beijing provided illegal support for windparks on the continent, has brought subsidy probes into solar and railway firms, and will shortly launch an inquiry into China’s procurement of medical devices.
Arnault, the world’s wealthiest person, said he believes China will manage to reboot its economy amid soft consumer demand.
Earlier this week, LVMH said first quarter organic revenue fell 6 percent in Asia, excluding Japan, a region which contributes a third of total revenue for the group.
By Angelina Rascouet
Learn more:
LVMH Sales Grow 3% as Luxury Boom Stalls
The result confirms sector-wide fears that luxury demand would continue to slow.
© 2025 The Business of Fashion. All rights reserved. For more information read our Terms & Conditions
In this riveting conversation from BoF CROSSROADS 2025, Mexican designer Carla Fernández and Tunisian entrepreneur Kenza Fourati discuss the power of craft-based fashion and how to collaborate ethically with artisans and indigenous communities. 
The Hollywood dealmaker’s new firm is buying the powerful international art fair brand. What does it mean for Frieze, Emanuel’s company and the future of the art business?
With a new store concept and marketing campaign, the designer is looking to widen his brand’s appeal beyond the fashion elite.
4G — resellers who run an infamous New York showroom where rappers and athletes pay stratospheric prices to load up on Chrome Hearts and ‘fucking chill’ — have built a business that has doubled sales revenue each year since 2020.