If you click on links we provide, we may receive compensation.

And she's here to prove the wet hair trend isn't dead.
Courtesy
 Fans are used to seeing Kylie Jenner set trends, but with her appearance at the Margiela Couture by John Galliano show in Paris, she's showing everyone that the wet hair trend that dominated red carpets and photoshoots for the last few years isn't going anywhere. Jenner attended the show in a sheer midi-length dress that was covered in shimmering clear sequins and finished her look with baggy, sheer gloves (with the brand's signature four-stitch label detail), white pumps, and Messika So Move ring and earrings.

 Kylie accessorized the glimmering, gleaming look with Messika diamond earrings and a matching ring. And the youngest Kar-Jenner sibling wasn't the only sister in attendance: Kim Kardashian and momager Kris Jenner were also taking in the collection. While Kylie's gown leaned into mermaidcore, Kim wore a gown that looked like an abstract fishnet. Kim wore a huge statement necklace with her look and Kris added sunglasses, even though the show took place after sundown.

Courtesy
 Kylie has had a packed couture week schedule. She took in the Valentino show yesterday with her daughter Stormi as her plus-one, and before that, she also made an appearance at the Jean Paul Gaultier presentation. At that show, she wore a similarly sheer gown that she accessorized with clear PVC shoes and wavy, blown-out hair that had an '80s edge, which was fitting for the corseted dress with JPG's signature lingerie details. Jenner joins a cadre of other celebs that are in attendance at the show, including Zendaya, Rihanna, Natalie Portman, and Jennifer Lopez.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)