She’s keeping the exposed-bra trend alive and well
Men’s overalls may not be the first thing to come to mind when you think about Rihanna’s closet, but her latest street-style outing showed us how she made the lackadaisical garb her own.
While out and about in Paris last night, the superstar made a head-turning appearance in a slick black pair of lacquered python skin overalls from Loewe’s men’s Fall/Winter 2024 collection. While snakeskin alone can instantly make an outfit look sexy, Rihanna kicked it up a notch by wearing the boxy and slightly oversize piece unbuttoned, revealing a sliver of a matching black underwire bra underneath. To complete the look, she capped it off with black open-toe sandals and a glittering diamond choker necklace with a dangling diamond pendant.
Rihanna is in town for Paris Fashion Week. On Monday, she sat front row for Dior’s Spring 2024 haute couture runway show, where she stood out in an ensemble pulled from the French house’s Fall/Winter 2023–24 collection. The look is a modern twist on the brand’s classic skirt-suit silhouette: Rather than the expected wool or cotton twill, Rihanna’s suit appears to be made of a utilitarian nylon bearing an oily moiré print all over. In particular, her jacket featured a subtle puff, an effect only amplified by a thin black leather belt cinched at her waist. Other accessories included an oversize newsboy cap, a quilted Lady Dior bag, and black leather gloves.
Kylie and Timothée Show PDA at a Lakers Game
Charli XCX Posts a Photo Dump From Her Brat Tour
George and Amal Clooney's Relationship Timeline
Lorde's Dating History
Jen Aniston's Easy Look Is So Rachel Green-Coded
Blake Lively Carries Kitschy Pizza-Shaped Clutch
Malia and Sasha Attend an Album-Release Party
Princess Kate Knows Her Way Around a Power Tool 
Princess Kate's Outfit Includes a Cottagecore Top
Rosamund Pike Makes Furry Slippers Look Refined
Meghan Markle Says That Prince Harry Saved Her
Blake Lively Wears Double Leather for Date Night
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.