The all-new Boots Beauty store at Battersea Power Station is every make-up loving person's dream, and I was in awe with the number of cosmetics available to buy.


  I headed to the Boots Beauty store, located on Electric Blvd in Battersea Power Station, and quite literally ‘shopped till I dropped’ aka, until the store closed.


  Inside, customers will find more than 250 show-stopping brands, including both high street and high-end fragrances, cosmetics, skincare and haircare products.


  Upon entering the store, I was greeted by a spacious and well-lit interior, with neatly organised shelves showcasing an extensive range of products.


  What struck me immediately was the layout, which was designed for easy navigation, making it effortless to locate specific items.


  To the left of the entrance was a huge fragrance bar, surrounded by high-end perfumes and aftershaves such as Dior, Gucci and Armani, and to the right was the trending cosmetic products, such as the iconic Fenty Beauty range by Rihanna.


  One aspect that sets this Boots store apart is its commitment to customer service. The staff members are not only friendly and approachable, but also incredibly knowledgeable about the products they offer.


  I was fortunate enough to try out the new LED light treatment in the Boots skincare area, which is a 20-minute non-invasive treatment which uses clinically proven therapeutic light energy, with proven results for aging and acne-prone skin, priced at £60.


  This experience was unlike anything I had ever done before, and my lovely aesthetician for the treatment, Soraya, guided me through the treatment and how it would benefit my skin.


  Despite it lasting just 20 minutes, it gave me just the right amount of time to relax and refresh my brain, as I got lost in the background therapy music and let the LED light do its magical work.


  Following my treatment, I browsed the entire store and grabbed myself some haircare essentials, such as my favourite purple shampoo by Lee Stafford, and some L’oreal hair oil.


  I was quite literally living out my 15-year-old self’s fantasy, as I carefully decided which brands I wanted to take home with me.


  I ended up buying a Kylie Jenner lipliner – my personal favourite which I use with a Revolution lip oil every day – and the Tiktok-craze Sol De Janeiro vanilla and macadamia spray, which smells absolutely irresistible.


  I explored all the familiar brands like Cloud Nine, Mark Hill, Urban Decay, Garnier, Soap and Glory, Elemis, Benefit and many more, and also treated myself to some Weleda skin food, Mario Badescu facial spray, and, of course, a classic Boots micellar water.


  I couldn’t help but notice the Recycle at Boots area in the middle of the Battersea store, which allows customers to drop off empty products in exchange for a total of 500 Boots Advantage Card points when you spend £10 or more - that's worth £5.


  The Recycle at Boots scheme has more than 100,000 registered users and has seen over 2.3 million items diverted from landfill since it launched.


  It accepts products which often can’t be recycled at home, including toothpaste tubes, travel minis samples, lotion pumps, mascaras, and wet wipe packets, and is an excellent way to declutter your home while doing your bit for the planet.


  With its wide range of products, excellent customer service, and commitment to sustainability, the new Boots Beauty store in Battersea has quickly become a go-to destination for all things beauty and is undoubtedly a boon for the community.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.