by 
	Jacquelyn Greenfield


	If you purchase an independently reviewed product or service through a link on our website, SheKnows may receive an affiliate commission.

Valentine’s Day is just two weeks away! However you’re planning to spend the love-filled holiday, you have to make sure the most important person is taken care of — you, of course! This year, treat yourself to something wonderful like pretty jewels, sweet treats, some cozy pajamas, or all three, because you deserve it. If the latter option seems more up your alley than anything else, you’ve landed in the right place. 

	










	As a certified homebody, being comfy is my specialty. I’ve gathered plenty of cozy, warm pajama sets, cute loungewear, and saucy nighties for an adorable and comfortable night in. Whether you’re doing a Galentine’s pj party, spending the night with your SO, or having some quality me-time, we’ve got the cutest Valentine’s Day pajamas to help you do it. Shop the best of the best now, with prices starting at just $18. 













	Related story



	
	
		
					Audrey Hepburn Used This Exact Lipstick With Over 10K 5-Star Reviews on the Set of Funny Face — Only $6 Today		
	










		This satin short pajama set is the definition of sweet and sassy — and it’s less than $20. It’s covered in adorable red hearts and has a subtle lettuce edge that adds an elevated touch to an affordable pair of PJs.	

		Outfitted with flutter sleeves, lettuce trim, and a chic square neckline, these legging pajamas are almost too cute to wear to bed. Consider opting for this pair if you’re hosting or heading to a Galentine’s pj party. It’s made with a soft, delicate pointelle fabric that’s super breathable.	

		Perhaps you’d rather not be covered in kitschy hearts from head to toe. In that case, opt for this fun striped pajama set. It still has the pink Valentine’s Day hues you love in a little more mature style.	

		From the bold floral print to the delicate lace trim, this satin short pajama set has all the qualities that bring the “drama” to any V-Day night-in occasion.	

		I’m obsessed with Victoria’s Secret pajama sets. They’re available in multiple lengths, so they fit just right — nothing is worse than wearing cozy pants that are too short or too long. This satin pair comes in a hot fuchsia pink with classic black trimming.	

		If you’re looking for a short and cute PJ set that’s perfect for the holiday but can work all year round? This is it. The ditsy floral print is so sweet and classic without being stuffy.	

		This SKIMS cotton romper is the perfect option for heading out and to bed. And this new bubblegum pink hue makes it a sweet choice for Valentine’s Day.	

		If you’re looking for a nice lingerie option, this satin slip dress set is a good one to reach for. It’s outfitted with delicate lace trim and a couple of tiny hearts. It also comes with a simple mesh thong to wear with it.	

		Eberjey makes some of the softest pajamas around — and this new heart-printed set is worth having. This print is also available for kids, so you and your little one can match this holiday.	

		One thing about Rihanna is that she knows how to make some saucy lingerie. This mesh slip set is the perfect thing for a hot night in. It has a built-in bra with ruffle detailing and sleek stitching. 	
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
The stories you care about, delivered daily.
SheKnows is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 SheMedia, LLC. All Rights Reserved.