By LAURA PARKIN FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  10:25, 18 June 2024   |  Updated:  19:00, 18 June 2024   
 19
View  comments
A BBC Wales presenter gave a special Taylor Swift inspired weather forecast ahead of the singer's sold-out show in Cardiff on Monday. 
The pop icon, 34, has been struggling to adjust to the cold weather of the UK as she kicked off Eras tour with three sold-out shows in Scotland last week. 
But it appears Taylor could be in for warmer weather when she takes to the stage on Tuesday, with the BBC reporting she's 'Out Of The Woods' when it comes to the 'Treacherous weather.'
Meteorologist and superfan Sabrina Lee gave a fun update, wearing a hot pink sequinned dress and glittery makeup. 
Renaming the UK's major cities after some of Taylor's songs, she assured Swifties there would be 'no Midnight rain' but reminded them to 'bring a Cardigan.'
A BBC Wales presenter gave a special Taylor Swift inspired weather forecast ahead of the singer's sold-out show in Cardiff on Monday
Sharing the clip to X, the broadcaster captioned: 'Our Wildest Dreams have come true, Taylor Swift is back in Cardiff tomorrow night! 
'BBC Wales weather presenter and Swiftie superfan Sabrina Lee takes us through the forecast for Tuesday.'
Taylor said she felt 'amazing and powerful' as she stormed on stage at Anfield Stadium in Liverpool on Friday for the latest leg of her Eras Tour.
And the sun was finally shining for Taylor's and thousands of her fans, who appeared in high spirits ahead of the show. 
Taylor wowed in a shimmering red plunging blazer, with a guitar in her hands - before going on to make 10 further outfit changes. 
Speaking to the crowd, she said: 'Liverpool you just made me feel so amazing. That was really cool that has gone to my head. You have made me feel really powerful.
'This weekend is the first time I’ve ever got the chance to play in Liverpool. And you’ve already made a stunning impression on me.
'I’m having more fun on this tour than in my entire life!'
The pop icon, 34, has been struggling to adjust to the cold weather of the UK as she kicked off Eras tour with three sold-out shows in Scotland last week (pictured in Liverpool)
But it appears Taylor could be in for warmer weather when she takes to the stage on Tuesday, with the BBC reporting she's 'Out Of The Woods' when it comes to the 'Treacherous weather'
The audience erupted as she kicked off the show with Cruel Summer, before going on to sing The Man and Calm Down. 
Her surprise song of the show was a mashup of This Is What You Came For and Gold Rush. 
Elsewhere, Taylor sang a stripped-back version of Rihanna and Calvin Harris‘ This is What You Came For during the show.
It comes after Taylor admitted she had a 'sniffly nose' during her Liverpool gig on Thursday before introducing the surprise song of the night.
The singer has been struggling to adjust to the cold weather of the UK as she kicked off that leg of her Eras tour with three sold-out shows in Scotland last week.
The Pennsylvania-born star wiped her nose with a tissue and smiled reassuring the audience: 'We'll be fine. I can do it with a sniffly nose. It's fine.' 
As part of the first leg of her UK tour, the singer performed three shows at the Murrayfield Stadium last weekend where more than 219,000 fans watched.
Meteorologist and superfan Sabrina Lee gave a fun update, wearing a hot pink sequinned dress and glittery makeup
Though summer is just over a week away, the cool air in the stadium likely wasn't helping the singer's case after temperatures dropped below eight degrees Celsius on the night of the show.
Some have blamed the chilly temperatures for the incident after the pop-star was seen clearing her nose of snot as she performed the hit song 'Don't Blame Me’.
In the video, the singer is seen blowing a stream of snot into her hands which she then lets drip down her hand before wiping on her skirt.
Some fans have even accused the pop sensation of flicking the mucus towards her fans as she braced the nose reddening temperatures.
While some were sympathetic, many have taken to social media to describe their disgust at seeing the pop star reeling off strings of snot.
One user wrote: 'Taylor Swift blew her nose and snot on her skirt on stage. Fans also noticed how Taylor licked the snot from her nose at one point.'
Some have blamed the chilly temperatures for the incident after the pop-star was seen clearing her nose of snot as she performed the hit song 'Don't Blame Me’ 
A second was completely disgusted: 'Someone please give Taylor Swift some tissues, the amount of times I've seen her wipe her nose with her hands in the past few days is crazy. I understand she's performing but there's got to be a way to make sure she always has access to some tissues.'
However, some came to her defence with one writing: 'I'm not even a Swiftie, but I seriously don't get why anyone would be mad or disgusted by someone wiping their nose. Like seriously? What was she supposed to do? I'm guessing she didn't have a tissue right there but at least she didn't want her face covered with snot,’
Taylor's trio of Edinburgh shows kicked off the singer's UK tour which will be followed by nights in Cardiff and Liverpool as well as eight nights at Wembley - where 720,000 fans will attend in London alone. 
Taylor has already performed 53 dates in the US, she will return after the European leg to do nine more shows in Miami, New Orleans and Indianapolis. She will perform a total of 50 shows across 18 cities in Europe.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group