By 

	Thania Garcia


Vin Diesel and Zion of the Puerto Rican reggaeton duo Zion y Lennox have teamed up to voice “Don’t Stop The Music,” a new Latin dance single produced by Dimitri Vegas.

	One half of the duo Dimitri Vegas and Like Mike, Vegas recruits Diesel — or “Vin” as he’s credited on the track — and Zion to spit verses over a bumping bassline. Although the track was leaked online a few weeks ago — without Diesel or any of the participating artists being credited — the song amassed over 100 million views on Instagram and TikTok combined. 

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					Nintendo Switch 2 Won’t Be Superior Successor — But It Still Matters		
			














	
		
					'Call Her Daddy' Host Alex Cooper Sets Hulu Docuseries 'Call Her Alex'		
			








	Diesel’s voice is easily recognizable as he melodically belts out the song’s title, commanding its listeners to tune in on the undulating beats. About half-way through the track, a computerized voice exclaims in Spanish: “Pa’ mi gente, pa’ mi pueblo, por favor / Dame luz,” (“For my people, for my town / Give me the light”).




			Popular on Variety		






	Though Diesel is known for his starring role in the “Fast and Furious” franchise, the actor has made a foray into music before, releasing one-off singles in 2020 like “Feel Like I Do” and “Days Are Gone.” The songs were released on producer Kygo’s Palm Tree Records. 

	Diesel made his musical debut on “The Kelly Clarkson Show,” where he explained that he first turned to music due to the pandemic putting a stall on his time on movie sets. “Another way to show you, or share with you, my heart,” he said at the time. Diesel first showed his vocal chops in a homemade video of him singing along to Rihanna’s “Stay” as a Valentine’s Day gesture to his long-time girlfriend Paloma Jimenez. 

	Back on the big screen, Diesel is expected to star in “Riddick: Furya,” the fourth installment of the “Riddick” franchise, with a premiere slated for Aug. 26. The film follows 2000’s “Pitch Black,” 2004’s “The Chronicles of Riddick” and 2013’s “Riddick.” 

	Listen to the track below.
The Business of Entertainment