The-Dream has responded to a recent sexual assault lawsuit with a motion to dismiss and strike parts of the victim’s case.
Court documents reveal that The-Dream’s attorneys are seeking multiple amendments to the lawsuit. In June, a woman named Chanaaz Mangroe accused the singer of rape, sexual battery, and sex trafficking, citing California’s Sexual Abuse and Cover-Up Accountability Act.
The motion aims to dismiss Mangroe’s rape and sex trafficking claims, and to strike 300 paragraphs that the defense considers "irrelevant." Additionally, The-Dream's lawyers seek to remove his label, Contra Paris, LLC, from the suit, arguing that it operates out of Delaware, not California.
"The Complaint is a textbook example of a 'shotgun pleading' and must be dismissed in its entirety for failing to attribute specific factual allegations to each defendant," Dream’s attorney Desirée F. Moore said in a statement. "Plaintiff’s Complaint contains dozens of allegations that are utterly irrelevant to her sexual battery and sex trafficking claims and are, instead, designed solely to smear Diamant’s name and reputation."
According to the filing, Dream and his attorneys argue that Mangroe’s legal defense is "using the judicial system to propagate a false and defamatory narrative about Diamant, a highly-respected Black musician in the arts industry, for their own financial gain and to his extreme detriment—and to the destruction of everything he has ever done as a musician and as a Black figure that the current and new art generations look up to."
The motion also claims that the sexual relationship between The-Dream and Mangroe was consensual, that Mangroe initiated the encounters, and that after they mutually decided to end the relationship, Mangroe allegedly continued to pursue The-Dream.
"The-Dream’s arguments seeking to dismiss Plaintiff’s allegations are wholly unpersuasive," Mangroe’s legal team responded. "We look forward to opposing the motions and proceeding to discovery in this case."
The-Dream’s attorney Moore further claims that the motion was filed after unsuccessful attempts to reach a settlement with Mangroe’s counsel.
Mangroe—who makes music under the moniker Chanii Monroe—alleges that she was forced to have sex with The-Dream on numerous occasions. She says they met as early as 2014, when The-Dream promised to make her a star, like Beyoncé or Rihanna, but their relationship allegedly turned abusive.
music | BY Trace William Cowen
The-Dream Facing Rape, Battery, and Sex Trafficking Allegations in New Lawsuit
music | BY Alex Ocho
Chinx’s Convicted Killer Sentenced to 23 Years in Prison
pop-culture | BY Trey Alston
Adam Sandler and Joe Rogan Think Chris Rock’s Oscars Slap Helped Him
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.