Tributes have been paid to one of the most loved members of the Folly Farm family - Rudi the giraffe, who has died. The Pembrokeshire-based adventure park and zoo announced the sad news on social media, leading to an outpouring of sadness.
Rudi, a male Rothschild giraffe, moved to Folly Farm in the summer of 2021 from Longleat Safari Park aged three years old. He arrived at the farm alongside his half-brother, Dr Shrimp, joining Rian who was at the time the only member of the Giraffe Heights enclosure. To get the latest What's On newsletters from WalesOnline, click here.
Rudi’s name was actually inspired by a Rihanna song - he was named by staff at Longleat who liked the singer’s 2009 hit Rude Boy. When he arrived in west Wales he was described by staff as “the more confident of the two, happy to come over for a browse feed and to hang out with the cool, older kids!”
READ MORE: The girl who grew up on Folly Farm
DON'T MISS: Cockerel owner in court over almost constant noise
Sadly, after almost three years at Folly Farm, Rudi recently collapsed due to a heart condition and had to be put down. He was only six years old, a very young age for an animal with an average lifespan of between 20 and 27 years. The farm confirmed: “With great sadness we announce the death of Rudi, one of our Rothschild hybrid giraffe. Our thoughts at this sad time are with the dedicated Folly Farm keepers who cared for him on a daily basis and for whom his loss is most greatly felt.
“Our keeping team have been monitoring Rudi’s growth for a while alongside our veterinary partners but following his deteriorating health over recent weeks he was found collapsed. In discussion with our zoo team, management and our expert veterinary partners we took the difficult decision to put Rudi to sleep to stop further suffering. A post mortem revealed he had congenital heart disease, a long-term pre-existing health condition likely present from birth.”
Tributes have poured in for Rudi on Folly Farm’s Facebook page, with one visitor saying he was a “lovely character”. Another called him “a gentle sweetheart” who she will “miss loads on future visits”. One woman said: “I’m so sorry to hear the devastating news. Me and my son love coming down and always looked forward to seeing the giraffes. I remember Rudi being so friendly and inquisitive, coming down for a nose and to say hello. R.I.P handsome."
Keep up to date with what's on where you live
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.