Shannon Power is a Greek-Australian reporter, but now calls London home. They have worked as across three continents in print, newspapers and broadcast, specializing in entertainment, politics, LGBTQ+ and health reporting. Shannon has covered high profile celebrity trials along with industry analysis of all the big trends in media, pop culture and the entertainment business generally. Shannon stories have featured on the cover of the Newsweek magazine and has been published in publications such as, The Guardian, Monocle, The Independent, SBS, ABC, Metro and The Sun. You can get in touch with Shannon by email at s.power@newsweek.com and on X @shannonjpower. Languages: English, Greek, Spanish.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
Taylor Swift's fans are worried that their favorite singer caught too much sun during a trip to Las Vegas.
Swift, 34, headed to the Nevada city with boyfriend and Kansas City Chiefs NFL player Travis Kelce over the weekend. The couple were there to attend a series of fundraising events hosted by his teammate Patrick Mahomes.
The quarterback put on the Mahomies Foundation Vegas Golf Classic on Saturday, followed by a glitzy dinner gala, where Kelce was praised for his attention to Swift.
One photo from the gala showed Swift posing with a woman, and it was later shared to X, formerly Twitter, by a concerned fan, who contended the singer looked sunburned in the photo.
The X user, @thisisvertrying, wrote, "girlie is stunning and sunburnt," on a post that has been viewed more than 205,000 times.
girlie is stunning and sunburnt pic.twitter.com/zGtxTsWbea
Other Swifties, fans of the singer, shared their thoughts in the reply to the original post. "Were they laying out by the pool or was she hanging on the golf course yesterday perhaps? I just noticed her sunburn...ouch," wrote @LBrookieF.
Other posters used the replies to comment on Swift's attractiveness. "She literally looks like an angel. She's so beautiful," commented @bleahg1. And @KOMH_TNT added, "The way her bangs are laying is everything."
Swift and Kelce's appearance at the charity event in Las Vegas comes amid speculation as to whether or not they will attend this year's exclusive Met Gala on May 6 at the Metropolitan Museum in New York.
Reports have emerged that Swift will in fact be attending as it will fit into her schedule, since her global Eras Tour does not start up again until May 9 in Paris.
The Met Gala is hosted by Vogue magazine's editor-in-chief Anna Wintour and the Metropolitan Museum of Art's Costume Institute, to launch a new fashion exhibition at the museum. Known as one of the most-exclusive red-carpet events in the world, this year's event promises a gathering of high-profile celebrities. This year's confirmed guests include Rihanna, Kendall Jenner, and Gisele Bündchen, who might attend with her new partner, jiu-jitsu instructor Joaquim Valente.
Swift and Kelce have been using their respective breaks to spend quality time together before she returns to touring and he gets back to preseason training.
The couple recently enjoyed a relaxing vacation in California's Carmel-by-the-Sea, where they joined another celebrity duo, Bradley Cooper and his partner, Swift's longtime friend Gigi Hadid. Swift and Kelce also had a cozy lunch at Madeo Ristorante in West Hollywood.
The famous couple first met in July 2023 after the Chiefs tight end gifted Swift a friendship bracelet, before they went public with their romance in September.
Shannon Power is a Greek-Australian reporter, but now calls London home. They have worked as across three continents in print, newspapers and broadcast, specializing in entertainment, politics, LGBTQ+ and health reporting. Shannon has covered high profile celebrity trials along with industry analysis of all the big trends in media, pop culture and the entertainment business generally. Shannon stories have featured on the cover of the Newsweek magazine and has been published in publications such as, The Guardian, Monocle, The Independent, SBS, ABC, Metro and The Sun. You can get in touch with Shannon by email at s.power@newsweek.com and on X @shannonjpower. Languages: English, Greek, Spanish.
Shannon Power is a Greek-Australian reporter, but now calls London home. They have worked as across three continents in print, newspapers and broadcast, specializing in entertainment, politics, LGBTQ+ and health reporting. Shannon has covered high profile celebrity trials along with industry analysis of all the big trends in media, pop culture and the entertainment business generally. Shannon stories have featured on the cover of the Newsweek magazine and has been published in publications such as, The Guardian, Monocle, The Independent, SBS, ABC, Metro and The Sun. You can get in touch with Shannon by email at s.power@newsweek.com and on X @shannonjpower. Languages: English, Greek, Spanish.
Shannon Power is a Greek-Australian reporter, but now calls London home. They have worked as across three continents in print,                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC