By DEIRDRE DURKAN-SIMONDS FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  18:12, 26 November 2024   |  Updated:  22:02, 26 November 2024   
 523
View  comments
Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt's daughter Shiloh was spotted laughing and chatting with a fellow member of her dance studio in Los Angeles, California on Monday. 
As the duo headed into class together, the 18-year-old, who legally dropped her 60-year-old father's surname in August, and her pal, Keoni Rose, giggled in the parking lot. 
The pair appeared lost in conversation while holding their gym bags outside, before preparing to work on some new choreography.
At one point, Shiloh covered her smile behind her hand as Keoni said something that made her laugh while sweetly holding onto her arm. 
The genetically blessed teen was dressed in a black graphic sweatshirt, Puma sweatpants and sneakers, and carried the rest of her belongings in a Nike backpack. 
Her resemblance to her mom was undeniable as they have the same plump pout, striking blue eyes and flawless complexion. 
Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt's daughter Shiloh was spotted laughing and chatting with a fellow member of her dance studio in Los Angeles, California on Monday
Shiloh and Keoni, who is represented by The Movement Talent Agency, appear to have a close relationship and have been spotted out together before. 
As they seemingly parted ways after class, Keoni was seen playfully tugging on Shiloh's sleeve.
Shiloh's recent sightings come just days after her mom revealed during an interview with Good Morning America that she's 'extremely private', as are her siblings.
Angelina stated: 'None of my children want to be in front of the camera [at] this time.' 
While Shiloh has spent the majority of her childhood out of the spotlight, she made her acting debut at age two in The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, alongside her dad, and had a few lines in her mother's animated film, Kung Fu Panda 3, in 2016.
At age eight, she turned down the opportunity to be in her mom's 2014 film Maleficent. 
'I asked Shiloh about being Aurora, and she laughed in my face,' Jolie told Elle at the time. 'She said she'd be a horned creature.' 
Her younger sister, Vivienne, ultimately took on the role and Shiloh has reportedly spent the past few years focusing on a career in dance.
Back in 2022, a source told HollywoodLife that 'Angelina has made a huge effort to nurture her kids’ interests in all kinds of things' and 'enrolled them in everything from art classes to computer programming to martial arts and, at one point or another, all the kids have tried out dance lessons.' 
As the duo headed into class together, the 18-year-old, who legally dropped her father's surname in August, and her pal, Keoni Rose, giggled in the parking lot 
The pair appeared lost in conversation while holding their gym bags outside, before preparing to work on some new choreography 
The genetically blessed teen was dressed in a black graphic sweatshirt, Puma sweatpants and sneakers, and carried the rest of her belongings in a Nike backpack
After seeing that Shiloh was a natural at dance, the performer made a 'big point to nurture that.' 
'Shiloh started out with private lessons before she joined a small studio near their house and then all through the pandemic, she was doing zoom classes. She’s very committed to it,' the insider revealed. 'Angelina‘s amazed by how talented Shiloh is, but more than that she loves to see how happy Shiloh is when she’s dancing.'
Shiloh, or 'Shi' to her friends and family, first wowed the world with her dance skills in 2021, when a video of her performing went viral. 
Shiloh has been a member of Millennium Dance Complex for many years and has gone viral for her moves a number of times. 
In May, her longtime choreographer, Keelan Carter, revealed to DailyMail.com that the teenager could not be further from the stereotypical Hollywood 'nepo baby.' 
The teen's resemblance to her mom was undeniable as they have the same plump pout, striking blue eyes and flawless complexion
While Shiloh has spent the majority of her childhood out of the spotlight, she made her acting debut at age two in The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, alongside her dad, and had a few lines in her mother's animated film, Kung Fu Panda 3, in 2016 
Shiloh and Keoni, who is represented by The Movement Talent Agency, appear to have a close relationship and have been spotted out together before
At one point, Shiloh covered her smile behind her hand as Keoni said something that made her giggle while sweetly holding onto her arm
'Shiloh is an exceptionally talented dancer, demonstrating dedication and hard work,' the accomplished choreographer, actor and fashion designer continued.
'She is a sincere and straightforward person who never uses her celebrity status to her advantage.'
'Shi does not rely on her famous name to achieve her goals. Honestly, I didn't even know who she was at first and I don't think this matters, especially in a dance studio.
'I understand that it can be difficult to see the person beyond her celebrity status, but I urge you to make an effort for her. Believe me, it is worth it.'
Shiloh's recent sightings come just days after her mom revealed during an interview with Good Morning America that she's 'extremely private', as are her siblings
Angelina stated: 'None of my children want to be in front of the camera [at] this time.'
Keelan told DailyMail.com that his recent dance videos featuring Shiloh 'were made in the same way I post any dancer who comes to my sessions or classes and whom I believe deserves to be featured.'
Keelan has posted numerous videos featuring Shiloh, as have several of her other dance class colleagues, but the famous daughter is rarely tagged in any of the videos, as they all respect her privacy, DailyMail.com was told. 
Although Angelina - who worked with the the UN Refugee Agency for more than two decades, visiting camps in Cambodia, Tanzania, Sierra Leone, and Pakistan with all of her kids in tow at times - has not commented specifically on Shiloh's dance, she has spoken out about fostering the unique talents of all of her children. 
'Children should be allowed to express themselves in whatever way they wish without anybody judging them because it is an important part of their growth,' she once said in an interview with Reuters.
At age eight, Shiloh turned down the opportunity to be in her mom's 2014 film Maleficent and reportedly spent the past few years focusing on a career in dance
Shiloh (seen with mom Angelina Jolie, 49, on a red carpet in 2021) 'does not rely on her famous last name to achieve her goals', according to her longtime dance instructor
In 2022, Shiloh's dad, Brad, gushed about his daughter's dance ability to Entertainment Tonight while promoting his film Bullet Train.
He called Shiloh 'very beautiful' and said that her talent 'brings a tear the eye.'
'I don't know where she got it from. I'm Mr. Two-Left-Feet here,' Brad told ET at time.
Shiloh's parents tied the knot in August 2014 during a secret ceremony in the south of France, and welcomed three children together during their romance - Shiloh in 2006, and twins Vivienne and Knox, now 15, in 2008.
They also adopted two more kids - Zahara, now 18, and Pax, now 20 - and Brad also legally adopted son Maddox, now 22, who became part of Angelina's brood before they got together.
But in 2016, it came to an explosive end after the pair got into an alleged physical altercation while on a private flight with their six kids.
Shiloh seen showing off her skills in 2022 while dancing to Doja Cat's song Vegas in a video with her instructor, Hamilton Evans
'Shiloh loves dancing. She's seriously talented and has been going to these classes for a few years now,' a source told Us Weekly about Shiloh (seen at Millennium Dance complex)
Despite all six kids growing up as Hollywood royalty, the Jolie-Pitt brood are all very unique.
In a 2010 interview with Vanity Fair, Angelina said, 'Mad's a real intellectual, which I can take no credit for genetically. He's great at school, great at history. He feels like he could be a writer or travel the world and learn about places and things.
'Zahara's got an extraordinary voice and is just so elegant and well spoken. Shiloh's hysterically funny, one of the goofiest, most playful people you'll ever meet.'
'Knox and Viv are classic boy and girl. She's really female. And he's really a little dude,' the actress added.
She continued: 'Shiloh dresses like a little dude. She likes to dress like a boy. She wants to be a boy. So we had to cut her hair. She likes to wear boys' everything. She thinks she's one of the brothers.'
Shiloh's parents Brad and Angelina married in August 2014 after 10 years together, but Angelina filed for divorce in September 2016 (seen here in 2006)
Shiloh's dance talent has been recognized since 2021 when a video of her dancing to Vegas by Rihanna was shared on YouTube by LA-based choreographer Hamilton Evans.
She took center stage at Millennium Dance Complex in Studio City to perform an energetic one-minute routine while flanked by two other girls.
Another video saw Shiloh busting her best moves to Lizzo's About Damn Time, while the rest of her dance troupe watched on from behind.
'Shiloh loves dancing. She's seriously talented and has been going to these classes for a few years now,' an insider told Us Weekly at the time.
'She's made some good friends through the dancing community too, and they're all in chat groups and share their favorite playlists and that type of stuff.
'The teachers are all very impressed with her and say the sky's the limit if she wants to take it to the next level, and Shiloh may just do that.'
The source added: 'Brad and Angie are both very proud. They'd have no issue if she wants to turn pro, but they're not pushing it on her by any means.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group