Filed under:
McGregor says the billionaire Ambani family has offered him a fight with Logan Paul in India, and he has accepted.
Conor McGregor may be headed to India to participate in a boxing match against none other than YouTuber-turned WWE star, Logan Paul.
McGregor himself is the one making that claim on social media, which has us wondering whether it’s the “crazy fight” UFC CEO, Dana White, recently teased fight fans would, “never see coming.”
And it certainly sounds more realistic than this.

    Related
  
The rumors of a bout with topurio are false. I am in preliminary agreements with the Ambani family to face Logan Paul in a boxing exhibition in India. I have agreed. I will then seek my return to the Octagon.

    Related
  
“The rumors of a bout with Topuria are false,” McGregor wrote on X (formerly Twitter). “I am in preliminary agreements with the Ambani family to face Logan Paul in a boxing exhibition in India. I have agreed. I will then seek my return to the Octagon.”
Mukesh Ambani is an Indian billionaire and the ninth-richest man in the world. His family is worth more than $200 billion, so they definitely have the money to make things happen. They’re cash-splashers, too, having recently dropped $600 million on the most expensive wedding in modern history.
As for McGregor, he’s a toxic commodity right now after being found liable for sexual assault in an Irish civil court earlier this year. UFC has shown no interest in putting him back in the cage anytime soon, so allowing him to make them a big wad of money in an Indian exhibition boxing match sounds like a pretty good deal.
And unlike Jake Paul — who is among White’s biggest rivals in combat sports — Logan is White’s friend and already works with WWE, who exist with UFC under the TKO Group corporate umbrella. 

    Related
  
Rihanna's $6M performance of "Diamonds" at the son of billionaire Mukesh Ambani's wedding in India pic.twitter.com/mbnsdCJxnD

    Related
  
On the other hand, McGregor has been flailing wildly trying to force a fight to happen. For the past two years, he’s shared dates that have never materialized. Most recently, he claimed he would be fighting in Saudi Arabia for UFC’s return on Feb. 1, 2025.
That international card is expected to be headlined by Israel Adesanya.
So, is this a serious situation or just another one of McGregor’s attempts to force a fight booking into reality? Maybe it’s both — he says he’s agreed to the Ambani family’s offer to fight Paul in India.
Now, he just needs UFC and Paul to agree, too. Making it public puts more pressure on the other parties to make things happen ... especially if the announcement creates waves online.

    Related
  
For more UFC-related news and notes click here.
Check your inbox for a welcome email.
Oops. Something went wrong. Please enter a valid email and try again.