by 
	Sydni Ellis


	There’s no question Rihanna knows how to make a fashion statement. From her sexy and sheer maternity looks to her bold streetwear ensembles, she is always serving — and we eat it up every time! But when she’s not walking the red carpet or going out with her man A$AP Rocky, Rihanna switches into mom mode by making a few notable tweaks to her clothing choices. The “Love on the Brain” singer opened up about how she gets dressed when she’s home with sons RZA, 2, and Riot, 1, and it’s such a mood.

	










	Rihanna said that her “mom uniform” is “anything that’s cozy, anything that’s stretchy, anything that’s easy to bend down and pick my kids up in,” in an interview with PEOPLE at her Savage X Fenty Lavish Lace Collection Preview at Nordstrom in Los Angeles on Thursday. Cozy, stretchy, and perfect for dealing with kids? That describes 90% of my wardrobe, too!













	Related story



	
	
		
					Jeannie Mai & Her Daughter Monaco Are in House-Hunter Mode During This Scenic Video		
	










	“Those are the things I look for. Things that don’t scratch me, don’t scratch them,” she continued. “We’ve got a lot of work to do in a day of a life of a mom.”



	Next time you feel boring or frumpy in your go-to mom ‘fit of leggings and a t-shirt, just know that Rihanna is at home dressed the exact same way. You can’t wear haute couture to crawl around on the floor!

	In a conversation with Interview Magazine in April, the 36-year-old opened up about focusing on dressing her kids instead of herself. “I be feeling bummy as shit next to this man,” Rihanna said about Rocky, adding, “I spend my time getting the kids dressed to death, and then I’m like, ‘What’s the most comfortable outfit to wear around them? What’s not going to feel uncomfortable on their face or on their body or make me feel like I can’t hold them properly?’ Moms are lazy dressers in real life.”

	She may think it’s lazy, but at least it’s practical! There is plenty of time to dress nice on nights out (or when our kids go to college), but for now, let’s all just agree to embrace the mom ‘fit. It’s more comfortable for wiping up snot and helping with homework anyway.


From edgy streetwear to glamorous formal attire, here are Rihanna’s most iconic pregnancy looks.

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
The stories you care about, delivered daily.
SheKnows is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 SheMedia, LLC. All Rights Reserved.