Today's Digital Daily	
			



	
			Today's Digital Daily	
			

From Nicole Kidman to Amal Clooney.

	After seasons of fashion-forward and risk taking styles, celebrities have opted for a return to classicism at the 2024 Venice Film Festival. Despite the look being old Hollywood, the result feels modern and chic. The moment when George and Amal Clooney, and Brad Pitt took to the red carpet, their major star power was enhanced by their timeless fashion choices — especially with evening wear. Two years ago when Pitt was promoting “Bullet Train,” his choices of colorful fabrics and skirted silhouettes felt incredibly fresh and of the moment — especially with the likes of Timothee Chalamet and Harry Styles pushing the boundaries. Now, the crisp tuxedo felt like a welcomed palette cleanser. Similarly, fashion risk-taker Tilda Swinton wore a tailored take on a long sleeved shirt and high-waisted pants — and looked incredibly timeless doing so. 

	










	Hollywood glamour is always a safe fashion bet — and Venice did just that. 




			You May Also Like		






	Here, WWD highlights the best dressed celebrities at Venice 2024.

	Clooney wore one of this year’s hottest hues — butter yellow — donning a plunging lace Atelier Versace gown featuring a ruffled skirt. The human rights lawyer accessorized with a crystallized Judith Leiber box clutch and drop earrings.

	Russell’s white Chanel gown came from the label’s spring 1993 couture collection. Originally modeled by Claudia Schiffer, it features plastic corsetry and an embroidered bustle. Russell’s stylist is Jahleel Weaver, who is also known for dressing Rihanna and Dua Lipa.

	Kidman selected a gown from Schiaparelli‘s fall 2024 couture collection, which featured a structured corset dripping in beaded fringe and a velvet column skirt. She accessorized with Roberto Coin jewelry, including diamond-encrusted rings and a pair of pearl drop earrings. Jason Bolden, who also styles stars such as Sabrina Carpenter and Cynthia Erivo, curated Kidman’s look.

	Blanchett paired a crystallized off-the-shoulder top with high-waisted black trousers and point-toe heels. Elizabeth Stewart, who also dresses A-listers like Viola Davis and Jessica Chastain, styled Blanchett for the occasion.

	The Venice Film Festival, held annually in Italy, features new motion pictures from around the world. The 2024 jury was led by actress Isabelle Huppert, while this year’s festival included high-profile premieres of Tim Burton’s “Beetlejuice Beetlejuice,” Pedro Almodovar’s “The Room Next Door” and “Babygirl” starring Nicole Kidman, among other films.
Sign up for WWD news straight to your inbox every day
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
WWD and Women's Wear Daily are part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All Rights Reserved.