A Place In The Sun presenter Jean Johannsson has been given a 'life-changing' diagnosis after finally making an appointment.
Jean, 42, has announced she has been diagnosed with presbyopia - the gradual loss of the eyes' ability to focus on nearby objects.
After being in denial about her declining eyesight for many years, Jean finally made an appointment at an opticians and was later given the news she was dreading, the Express reports.
READ MORE Sir Keir Starmer 'honoured' to introduce Martyn's Law to Parliament after Manchester Arena attack
Since her diagnosis however, the property expert said: "I can honestly say it's been life-changing." She wrote about the condition in her Sunday Mail column.
"I'm not entirely sure why it took me so long to admit I needed glasses," she said. "I suppose it's partly to do with fighting the ageing process, but I've accepted that I'm getting older and my vision deteriorating is part of that."
Jean said since getting her new glasses, she is 'enjoying a whole new world of not having to squint' while reading scripts or text messages.
"I'm [also] no longer stealing my mum's glasses to read a menu in a restaurant," she wrote. "I doubt if I'll be joining Jennifer Aniston and Rihanna as the world's sexiest spec wearers, but I love my new frames and I think that they look great."
Embarrassed by how long it took her to go to the opticians, Jean has now urged others struggling to see to book in for an eye test as soon as possible.
According to Mayo Clinic, presbyopia is a natural part of the ageing process which usually becomes noticeable in your early to mid-40s and continues to worsen until, roughly, aged 65.
The website states: "You may become aware of presbyopia when you start holding books and newspapers at arm's length to be able to read them. A basic eye exam can confirm presbyopia. You can correct the condition with eyeglasses or contact lenses. You might also consider surgery."
Additional symptoms can include; blurred vision at normal reading distance and eyestrain or headaches after reading or doing close-up work.
With her new specs, Jean will now find her job much easier in front of the cameras on programmes such as A Place In The Sun, Key to a Fortune and more Christmas and Hogmanay shows she has in the pipeline.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.