Meghan Markle has made a cameo in a new advert for her favourite luxury shoe designer Aquazzura, as a snap of the Duchess of Sussex in her engagement picture features.
The Italian designer label has shared its latest advert for its footwear, and Aquazzura included photographs in their new campaign including the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's engagement photoshoot and later their wedding reception where Meghan is wearing their creations.
The advert also features other female celebrity fans of the brand, including Taylor Swift, Queen Letizia of Spain and Beyoncé.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Harry and Meghan didn't want to be 'overshadowed' by Taylor Swift at Super Bowl, say fans
In the new 20-second ad campaign images of beautiful Aquazzura heels feature across the pages of glossy magazines, with its pineapple trademark clearly seen. Included in the lineup are a pair of nude suede heels that Meghan wore to step out in her 2017 engagement photo shoot alongside now husband Prince Harry. The 'Matilde' heels retail for £550 and quickly became a fashion favourite after Meghan wore them for her pictures.
In another shot, Meghan in her evening wedding outfit from her 2018 nuptials to Prince Harry also features. The Duchess wore a pair of white satin heels with a baby blue sole from the brand as she was seen stepping out with her husband after their ceremony at Windsor.
Meghan isn't the only celebrity fan of the Italian brand as other A-list shoppers include models Poppy Delevingne and Gigi Hadid, actresses Gwyneth Paltrow, Salma Hayek and Nicole Kidman as well as singers Rihanna and Beyonce.
The new advert comes as Meghan and Harry are heading north to Canada to prepare for the upcoming Invictus Games in 2025. The couple were personally invited to the Super Bowl game in Las Vegas but chose to decline as they focus on their own event as sources told Page Six the duo are "busy preparing for their trip to Canada for their Invictus Games opening event next week." The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are set to spend three days in Canada to celebrate one year to go until the 2025 Invictus Games.
Earlier this week Harry gave a speech at Thursday’s NFL Honors in Las Vegas ahead of the game. An NFL insider said: "It is well known the Prince loves American football, and bosses have extended an invitation to him following his appearance at the awards. This year's Super Bowl is expected to be one of the most watched ever due largely to Taylor being there to support her boyfriend."
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.