The biggest names in the music industry gathered for the 2024 iHeartRadio Music Awards at the Dolby Theater in Los Angeles, California.
While many tried their best to look stunning for the red carpet, some still seemed to miss their best look for the event.
With that, here are the fashion fails the iHeartMusic Awards red carpet witnessed on Monday night.
RELATED :
Oscars 2024 Red Carpet Looks: 10 Worst Dressed Celebrities
The "Girl Power 2.0" artist's shimmering purple cut-out dress looked more like a cut-out vinyl pattern than an actual dress.
The "Boys A Liar Pt. 2" artist graced the red carpet with her signature orange hair, which was the perfect contrast to her all-black outfit.However, her barely there micro bra top looked like a wardrobe malfunction waiting to happen.
RELATED: Grammys 2024 Red Carpet Looks: 10 Best And Worst Dressed 
While pink always looked nice on the "All About That Bass" singer, her black and pink outfit -- long sleeve, polo, short pleated skirt and tights -- appeared a bit unflattering during her walk on the red carpet.
The "Dance Moms" alum's choice of get-up for the iHeartRadio Music Awards was the opposite of the colorful fashion she used to channel in her younger years.
She arrived on the red carpet with a black and silver graphic ensemble that looked more like a costume than a red carpet attire. She said it was inspired by her MV costume for "Karma," her upcoming single, releasing on Wednesday.
The social media star looked underdressed for the red carpet in his matching brown tank top and trousers.
While the "Beverly Hills, 90210" star still looked young at age 50, Spelling's choice of top and pants for the event did not match well.The low-rise cargo-style pants she paired with her black skintight cropped top looked a little loose overall, especially on her waist.
The lead singer and rhythm guitarist of Bush looked a little too casual for the event with his yellow shirt, black tracksuit, pants and sneakers.
Alyssa Michelle Stephens, professionally known as Latto, channeled "Big Energy" on the red carpet in a red mini dress with a corset top and ruffled bottom.The corset top only covered half of her chest, risking a possible wardrobe malfunction.
The singer, more popularly known as Mr. Grande, wore a blue bucket hat, rainbow-colored stripe turtleneck, blue pants and red high-cut Converse shoes, which made him look like a non-scary version of Chucky.
Ukrainian choreographer Maksim Chmerkovskiy graced the red carpet wearing a black see-through inner top underneath a cropped suit and trousers ensemble.With his outfit choice, he looked like he had outgrown his clothes.