A 72-year-old model who is inundated with comments about how "stunning" and "cool" she is every day has shared her anti-ageing secrets.
With so many products on the skincare market and social media flooded with hacks and techniques to make our faces look flawless, it can be hard to decipher what tips are the best. But, not everything works for everyone - some are obsessed with hyaluronic acid, others swear by nightly face masks, and others count on cleansing tools and facial rollers.
Model JoAni Johnson, who looks years younger than her age, embraces the "ageless" look and walked her first catwalk runway at age 65. People say she looks "magnificent". The fashionista says she believes the key to maintaining youthful skin is "both an inside and outside job".
JoAni, who is from New York, US, credits her three-step skincare routine for helping her with anti-aging. The jewellery designer told British Vogue she had a number of skin care issues when she was younger, including breakouts and partial oily patches. But after years of perfecting her routine, she rarely sees her skin flare up.
The New Yorker, who previously starred in Rihanna's Fenty campaign, stopped wearing makeup when she entered into menopause - a change she has not regretted. She added: "During the menopause years, I stopped wearing make-up as I found it didn't mix well with hot flashes. As time passed, along with hormonal changes, I found my skin becoming drier and more sensitive to seasonal climate and temperature changes."
Ditching makeup and sticking to her three-step routine has worked for JoAni, who is repeatedly hailed as "so stunning" and "beautiful" on her Instagram page. She says her simple routine features a "good cleaner", a toner, and a moisturiser.
JoAni ensures she properly cleans her skin every day as "our environment leaves so much daily residue on my skin". But the model's flawless look comes with a hefty price tag as she swears by three premium products.
The model uses a £28 S'Able Labs Qasil Cleanser. She says the oat-based product "makes easy work of thoroughly cleansing and rehydrating my skin". Boots have a £11.99 product similar to what the model uses. The Inkey List Oat Cleansing Balm is said to support the skin's moisture barrier and helps to reduce the appearance of redness and soothe irritation.
For toning, she enjoys using the S'Able Black Seed Toner "to reduce the look of pores and clarify my skin" - priced at £35. If you are looking for a cheaper alternative, iHerb has an Advanced Clincials C-Glow toner which includes the same vitamin C and ferulic acid in the product the model lovers. It is priced at £9.55.
The fashion and skincare lover finishes her routine with the S'Able Baobab Moisturiser - priced at £50 - to hydrate. "This moisturiser absorbs quickly, leaving my skin glowing and keeping it supple all day," she added.
The product includes tranexamic acid - hailed by skincare experts and beauty brands as it is effective at reducing hyperpigmentation and the appearance of sun spots. Superdrug have an alternative moisturiser with tranexamic acid to try for £7.99 - brand Me + Niacinamide Moisturiser said to help brighten and balance skin.
JoAni treats herself to a face mask, accompanied with a cup of tea. The designer swears by drinking herbal tea to protect her skin and prevent wrinkles and fine lines.
She explained: "I work on maintaining a good vitamin regimen; I take vitamin C, vitamin D3, zinc, turmeric and ginger. I focus on replenishing nutrients I may be lacking, as recommended by my physician."
Do you have a story? Get in touch via Lucy.Marshall@reachplc.com.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.