Rihanna and A$AP Rocky celebrated Valentine's Day in the City of Lights.
Source: MEGA / Getty
Rihanna and her longtime boo A$AP Rocky celebrated Valentine’s Day in Paris, France.
On Feb.14, the celebrity power couple was spotted dining and having a blast at the upscale Italian restaurant César. Rihanna, 35, showcased her impeccable style, opting for a sophisticated ensemble. She effortlessly paired a champagne silk skirt with a tan faux fur-trimmed top adorned with frills along the center. Completing her chic look, she accessorized with a plush furry handbag and complemented the outfit with champagne lace-up high heels.
Her rapper beau, also 35, exuded his own sense of fashion with sleek attire. Sporting dark brown pants and a coordinating jacket, he perfectly complemented Rihanna’s ensemble. Both artists added a touch of coolness to their looks with stylish sunglasses.
The couple held hands and snapped a few selfies together during their fun Valentine’s Day outing at César. One photo courtesy of Getty captured Rihanna holding a large bouquet of roses as she posed for the camera.
Source: MEGA / Getty
In another image, A$AP Rocky could be seen planting a kiss on the singer as they dined at the posh Paris restaurant.
Source: MEGA / Getty
Rihanna and A$AP Rocky began dating in 2020 and welcomed their baby son, RZA, in May 2022. In February, the “Umbrella” singer announced her second pregnancy with the “Fashion Killa” rapper during the Super Bowl Halftime Show, displaying her precious baby bump in a red silky jumpsuit by Loewe. In August 2023, the Fenty Beauty CEO welcomed her second baby boy, Riot Rose, with the A$AP Mob affiliate.
During an interview with Harper’s BAZAAR in February 2023, Rihanna gushed about her relationship with A$AP Rocky. 
“We’re best friends with a baby,” she said. “We have to be on the same page, but we’ve always kind of had that in our relationship. Everything changes when you have a baby, but I wouldn’t say it’s done anything but made us closer.
Happy belated Valentine’s Day to Rihanna and A$AP Rocky! 
DON’T MISS…
Rihanna Rocks Hip-Length Blonde Braids While Vacationing In Aspen


Rihanna And A$AP Rocky Celebrate Valentine’s Day In Paris 
						was originally published on
						hellobeautiful.com



									Rest In Power: Notable Black Folks Who We’ve Lost In 2025								

									Shannon Sharpe’s Accuser Released Alleged Audio Of Him Saying He’ll “F-cking Choke The Sh-t Out” Of Her								

									Kanye West Details Oral Sex With His Cousin During Childhood: “It Was My Fault That I Showed Him Those Dirty Magazines”								

									Shannon Sharpe’s Lawyer Says He Offered $10M To Settle Rape Claims Before Accuser Went Public “Without Warning”								

									Trump Endorses A Stephen A. Smith For President & Appears To Confuse Harvard With “Riots In Harlem,” Social Media Reacts								

									Shannon Sharpe Accused of Rape In $50 Million Lawsuit								

									Elon Musk Scaling Back DOGE Role “Significantly As Tesla Profits Plunge, Social Media Vows To Make His Life Miserable								

									Terrence Howard Refused Marvin Gaye Biopic Role Because He Wouldn’t Kiss A Man, Social Media Has Thoughts								

					We care about your data. See our privay policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.