The supermodel pulled from her extensive vintage archives once again
Method dressing has become an industry standard, at least by the look of recent press tours for films like Twisters, Beetlejuice Beetlejuice, and It Ends With Us, which have all seen their stars sartorially embrace the themes of their respective movies. As her latest outfit proves, however, topical ensembles are nothing new for Bella Hadid, who’s been channeling the ethereal feel of her Orebella fragrance brand with a lineup of boho dresses.  
Naturally, her streak of showstopping looks has tapped into her massive vintage collection, including a vintage butterfly dress from John Galliano’s Dior Spring 2004 collection, as well as not one but two versions of a plunging dress from the designer’s Spring 2003 collection for Dior. Like Rihanna, Hadid is notably a Galliano enthusiast, although she deviated from his archives on Thursday night in favor of a vintage Zuhair Murad look. 
At a Los Angeles dinner celebrating her most recent Orebella launch, Hadid wore a pale pink halter dress that seemed to evoke the warm, spicy vanilla scent of her latest fragrance, Nightcap. The goddess-esque gown featured an asymmetrical hemline, as well as a low-cut neckline. 
Purple and beige floral beadwork embellished the garment’s triangle top and layered skirt, while the silhouette’s empire waist was accentuated by a fringed ribbon. In some areas, the fabric of the dress had an iridescent purple sheen to it, adding to the wispy feel of the look. 
Hadid accessorized sparsely, letting the body-hugging dress speak for itself. A chunky gold ring sat on her left index finger, while a thin white beaded bracelet decorated the same arm. For footwear, she leaned further into the floral theme with sparking gold heels that flaunted sculptural rose accents. 
For the occasion, the supermodel wore her brunette locks in cascading curls, and opted for a dewy glam that included a shimmering lavender eye shadow and a mauve lipstick. A final touch of radiance—an ear-to-ear smile—topped off her look. 
Tracee Ellis Ross Sports Wedge Balmain Boots
Dua Lipa Gives Leather Looks the Spring Treatment
Doechii Pays Homage to André Leon Talley
Hailey's Miami Outfits All Had This in Common
Bella Hadid Poses in Poolside Lingerie and Curlers
Prince Harry Says He May Not Return to the U.K. 
George Clooney Played Softball In Central Park
Hunter Schafer Gives the Tracksuit a Playful Twist
Blake Lively Wears a “Wedding Gown” on Late Night 
Bella Hadid Glows in a Bubblegum-Pink Set
J.Lo’s Dress Shimmers Like a Starry Night Sky
Hailey Bieber’s Party Dress Is Made of Watches
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.