Katy Perry will reportedly perform for the couple and their cruise guests at a masquerade party in Cannes
Kimberlee Speakman is a digital writer at PEOPLE. She has been working at PEOPLE since 2022. She has also worked in broadcast television as a reporter for Hawaii-based news station KHON2 News.
Vijay Bate/Hindustan Times via Getty
 Billionaire heir Anant Ambani and his fiancée Radhika Merchant are cruising toward their nuptials!

 After the couples’ pre-wedding event at the luxurious Ambani Estate in Gujarat, India in March, they are next scheduled to embark on a lavish cruise throughout Europe, according to The Sunday Times.   

 The cruise ship set sail on Wednesday, May 29 from Palermo, Italy with 800 guests and 600 staff onboard, the Times and The Sun reported. It will be making several stops along several high-profile European cities like Rome, Cannes, France and Portofino, Italy, per the Times.

 The cruises’ theme is reportedly “La vita è un viaggio” (life is a voyage), the outlet reported. This theme can be found throughout the Indian, Italian and French cuisines served on board and the planned events, which include a masquerade party and a Roman toga party.

 A source told the Times that the guests joining Ambani and Merchant, both 29, “aren’t intimate friends.” The source also described the event as a “command performance,” though they added that “no one would turn down an invitation.”

 One musician who reportedly accepted an invitation to take part in the pre-wedding celebration is Katy Perry. The Sun reported that the “Electric” singer, 39, was en route to perform at the couple’s masquerade ball in Cannes on Friday. 

 The source noted that the cruise will dock in the city in Southern France and then the guests will head to an estate worth “£40 million” ($50.9 million) for the “big bash.”

 “The party itself will only last five hours but Katy will headline it, with a DJ also being flown in as part of the top-tier entertainment,” the source told the outlet. “Afterwards, guests will watch a huge fireworks display from a small armada of ships waiting in the Bay of Cannes.”

 “When they say there’s been no expense spared, they really mean it,” the source added.

 The musician will likely see a huge payout from the event as well. Rihanna, who sang several of her hits at the couple’s first pre-wedding event, was paid £5 million or ($6.3 million) for her performance, according to Forbes. 

 Never miss a story — sign up for PEOPLE's free daily newsletter to stay up-to-date on the best of what PEOPLE has to offer, from juicy celebrity news to compelling human interest stories. 

 That first pre-wedding event had a notable list of guests, including Ivanka Trump, Hillary Clinton, Bill Gates and members of Bhutan's royal family. 

 Ambani and Merchant are set to tie the knot in July. 

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)