Dominica may not be the first country on your list of tourist destinations in the Caribbean, but this small island nation has plenty to offer. Many consider the entire country a hidden gem for travelers as it is known for "off-the-beaten-path" experiences.
According to Weather.com, Dominica is often considered "The Nature Island of the Caribbean," and it fits as most of its tourist destinations are nature-related, with its history as an outdoor and adventure destination being a best-kept secret among adventure travelers for decades.
Dominica has had the unlucky reputation of always being confused with the Dominican Republic, another country in the Caribbean that is much more well-known, and whether this has affected the country's tourism is still up for debate. However, there are still plenty of places to visit here and enjoy.
The entirety of Dominica is surrounded by the Caribbean Sea, and the country has since become a hotspot for nature lovers, particularly whale watchers. This rise in whale watching has become a boost in the country's tourism industry, so much so that it was even featured in CBS News's "60 Minutes" program, according to Travel Market Report. This then led more people to visit the island to see the whales, many of which are rare and endangered.
This place is considered the crown jewel of Dominica, known for its beautiful views, lush forests, and scenic mountainside. This 17,000-acre park is also protected as a UNESCO World Heritage Site and is home to many other attractions, including a few listed here. However, one of the main highlights may be the Titou Gorge, which was previously featured in the "Pirates of the Caribbean" movie franchise. Other areas to visit here include the Valley of Desolation, a volcanic landscape with boiling mud ponds, steaming hot springs, and hissing mini-geysers.
READ MORE :
Dominica Food: 5 Dishes To Try in the Caribbean Island
Another notable attraction within the Morne Trois Pitons National Park is the Boiling Lake, which is an uncanny-looking pool full of bubbly greenish water tucked in a tiny village in the middle of the island, according to Travel.com. It is believed to be a flooded fumarole that releases hot gases from molten lava through vents and is also considered the second-largest boiling lake in the world. However, tourists are not advised to go near this scalding lake as it is too hot to swim in.
A nice way to experience Dominica's wildlife is through snorkeling, and one of the top destinations for that in the country is Champagne Reef, which is gaining a reputation for its beautiful coral and rich biodiversity.
For history buffs, one of the go-to destinations would be Fort Shirley, a UNESCO World Heritage Site that overlooks Prince Rupert Bay and Dominica's northwest coast. The view from the fort is stunning, as it boasts colonial-era architecture and canons. It also has a museum that tells the tale of the uprising of enslaved African soldiers.
Read also:
Barbados: 5 Incredible Places in Rihanna's Home Country
This article is owned by Latin Post.
Written by: Rick Martin
WATCH: 9 BEST Things to do in Dominica (& Places to VISIT) | Dominica Travel Guide - Before You Go 
Sign up for our free newsletter for the Latest coverage!