WICHITA, Kan. (KWCH) - A lot of words have been written about Taylor Swift, Travis Kelce and the Kansas City Chiefs over the past several months. But not these words, we don’t think.
We had an idea, and we’re still not sure if it works. What if Chiefs players were Taylor Swift songs? We did our best to match traits of Kansas City players to lines, lyrics and titles Ms. Swift has produced. Is it gutsy? Is it crazy? Call it what you want.
So, without further ado, here’s to hoping we don’t ruin our, ahem, Reputation.
Key lyric: Filled the pool with champagne and swam with the big names
Why we chose it: You may have heard, but Bell’s dad, Mark, and uncle Mike both played in the NFL – Mike spent 12 years with the Chiefs and had 52 sacks. All three Bells went to Bishop Carroll High School here in Wichita. Talk about a dynasty. As far as filling the pool with champagne and swimming with the big names, Blake Bell checks those boxes. He’s a two-time Super Bowl champion who has backed up Travis Kelce and caught passes from Patrick Mahomes. Need we say more?
Key lyric: I watch Superman fly away / You’ve got a busy day today / Go save the world and I’ll be around
Why we chose it: Bolton had an astounding 180 tackles in 2022, but it was his performance in 2023 that elevated him to superhero status. Bolton has shaken off an ankle injury that kept him out for three weeks, then he overcame a five-week wrist injury and is back to terrorizing opposing offenses like he has heat vision. Bolton had 32 tackles in the final four games of the regular season and has 27 in three playoff rounds so far. Would it surprise anyone if he started leaping tall buildings?
Key lyric: I swear I don’t love the drama, it loves me
Why we chose it: The drama surely loves Butker, who seems to find himself involved in it when big games are on the line. It’s impossible to forget the field goal Butker made that proved to be the game-winner in last year’s Super Bowl win over the Eagles. He also made six field goals against the Bengals in December, helping the Chiefs win and clinch another AFC West title, and he holds the franchise record with a 62-yarder in 2022. If Kansas City’s end game on Sunday is Harrison Butker lining up for a game-winner, Chiefs fans will probably feel confident. Or at least confidently terrified.
Key lyric: But I keep cruising / Can’t stop, won’t stop moving
Why we chose it: Gay is off the injury report for the Super Bowl after missing the AFC Championship and most of the Divisional round against the Bills with a neck injury. So it looks like he’s officially shaken off that injury. Gay also needs to shake off a relatively ho-hum year – his tackles dropped from 88 in 2022 to 58 and he had just four tackles for a loss, five fewer than last year. Haters gonna hate, right? Still, Gay is active, he fills the stat sheet, and the Chiefs need him to be lightning on his feet to help neutralize a potent 49ers offense.
Key lyric: No one’s ever burned you / no one’s ever left you scarred
Why we chose it: Humphrey has been described as a man of few words, but when he talks it’s usually pretty entertaining. He’s been on Saturday Night Live, had a parody song written about him and showed some personality when he was mic’d up by the Chiefs in Week 14. He also once told a reporter, “I’m 300 pounds, I like about anything I can eat” after being asked about his dietary preferences. But Humphrey is a player Chiefs fans don’t want to see age physically, either. At 24, he’s arguably the best center in the NFL. Last year, he allowed zero sacks in the Super Bowl against a stout Eagles defense.
Key lyric: Give me a photograph to hang on my wall / Superstar
Why we chose it: Pretty simple – Jones is a superstar, maybe one of the top 2-3 defensive players in the league when he’s at his best. That’s why it was a crisis when Jones’ contract holdout extended into the regular season and he missed the Chiefs’ first game, a loss to the Lions. All he did after that was notch 10.5 sacks, 29 quarterback hits, four passes defended and 17 tackles for loss. He was named first-team All Pro for the second straight year. His poster likely adorns the walls of Chiefs fans worldwide.
Key lyric: Everything will be all right if / You keep me next to you
Why we chose it: Another one that’s pretty obvious. We don’t know about his dancing prowess, whether he enjoys breakfast at midnight, or if he hangs out with the cool kids, but we can say with certainty that he is, in fact, 22. Karlaftis’ youthful exuberance helped revitalize the Chiefs’ defense in 2022, when he was part of a draft class that included Trent McDuffie, Leo Chenal and Joshua Williams. Those rookies helped lead the Chiefs to the Super Bowl championship, making fans forget about the heartbreak of losing the big game two years prior.
Key lyric: She’s cheer captain and I’m on the bleachers
Why we chose it: A love song from Taylor Swift that can encapsulate her relationship with Kelce? Take your pick, right? So we did. As much of a misfit as this couple might have seemed at first, it now seems almost meant to be. And we only say “almost” because we don’t want to jinx it. Who’s not rooting for these lovebirds at this point? Swift has graduated from the bleachers to watch her man from a semi-private luxury box, but the contrast between her glitz and Kelce’s grit remains evident. Maybe what Kelce has been looking for has been here the whole time?
Key lyric: When you’re fifteen / And somebody tells you they love you / You’re gonna believe them
Why we chose it: A song about young romance and uncertainty doesn’t really fit Mahomes, but Chiefs fans probably still feel like they’re in the puppy love phase with the 28-year-old quarterback. And his number is fifteen, so why not? Whatever humility might have existed when Mahomes heard “I love you” from adoring fans early in his career has surely washed away by now. Now, he’s gonna believe them. He has no choice. Count to 10, Patrick. Take it in. This is life well after you know who you’re gonna be. The best and most popular player in the NFL.
Key lyric: So I lied, and I cried / And I watched part of myself die
Why we chose it: When McDuffie is at his best, he’s all over some of the game’s best wide receivers, who probably question their existence when he’s draped on them. Entering Week 7 this season. That did not last, though. McDuffie fell all the way to 14th to end this season, and he didn’t claim an interception to his name all year. Still, there’s no denying his ability, and the Chiefs will need peak performance from McDuffie when he takes on Deebo Samuel and Brandon Aiyuk.
Key lyric: I forgot that you existed / And I thought it would kill me, but it didn’t
Why we chose it: Jerick McKinnon – remember him? If not, you’re probably not alone. To refresh, McKinnon was once a pretty important part of the Chiefs’ passing game. He even had nine receiving touchdowns in 2022, eight in the final six weeks of the regular season. But he hasn’t done much this season, and he hasn’t played since Dec. 17 due to a core injury. He’s designated to return at the Super Bowl, but he probably won’t, and Isiah Pacheco seems to be doing just fine at running back. McKinnon’s absence? It isn’t love. It isn’t hate. It’s just indifference.
Key lyric: You’ll get better soon / ‘Cause you have to
Why we chose it: He’s only finishing up his second year, but time might be running out for Moore to remain an option for Mahomes in Kansas City’s passing game. If he wants to stay a Chief, it’s simple – he has to get better. With Rashee Rice emerging as the Chiefs’ top receiver and Kansas City likely to address the position in the draft, Moore might not be long for Kansas City. His first two seasons have been nearly identical – he’s totaled 43 catches and only one touchdown. Will he get better soon? He has to. Right?
Key lyric: I never saw it coming, nor would I have suspected it
Why we chose it: A debilitating injury couldn’t have come at a worse time for Omenihu, who tore his ACL in the AFC Championship game against Baltimore and faces an offseason of recovery. That kept him from exacting revenge on the 49ers, with whom Omenihu spent parts of the last two seasons before joining the Chiefs in 2023. But what could possibly be better than revenge? How about a Super Bowl ring? Which Omenihu will have earned in spite of his unavailability on Sunday. Omenihu forced two fumbles and set career highs with 28 tackles and seven sacks.
Key lyric: But you’re untouchable, burning brighter than the sun
Why we chose it: There aren’t many hotter now than Pacheco, who has scored a touchdown in all three of Kansas City’s playoff games this year and totaled more than 280 yards. Two of Pacheco’s three 100-yard rushing games this season came within the final three games he played, and he averaged 7.2 yards on 18 carries in Week 17 when the Chiefs clinched the AFC West title. The Chiefs have never had a true No. 1 running back in the Mahomes era, but former seventh-round pick continues to exceed expectations.
Key lyric: And the date on the back said 1958 / Which brought me back to the first time I saw you
Why we chose it: We’re not gonna lie here – this was a tough choice. A strong contender for Reid was “I’m Only Me When I’m With You” to describe his unprecedented success with Mahomes as his quarterback. But ultimately we chose “Timeless,” and not just because 1958 was Reid’s birth year and literally the first time we saw him. It’s also because he’s made himself a football immortal with two Super Bowls and (perhaps) counting and through his connection to Mahomes. While Reid might seem like a relic to Swift, his coaching has never been more vibrant.
Key lyric: We go fast with the game we play
Why we chose it: OK, we cheated a bit here. Taylor has only performed this song live, and it actually belongs to Calvin Harris and Rihanna. But we only cheated a bit, because Swift co-wrote it with Harris. Also, it’s perfect for Reid. After suffering through two terrible seasons with the Texans in 2020 and 2021, Reid joined the Chiefs and helped them win a Super Bowl in 2022. Now they’re back. That’s probably exactly why he came to Kansas City. He’s also emerging as one of the top safeties in the NFL, setting career highs in tackles and sacks in 2023.
Key lyric: Don’t you know you’re really gonna be someone?
Why we chose it: Rice is looking pretty good right now. In this, Rice’s rookie year, he had 43 of his 79 receptions in the final six regular-season games he played. He’s continued that in the playoffs, first with an eight-catch, 130-yard performance against the Dolphins, followed by 12 combined receptions in the next two rounds. To Chiefs fans, it seems almost indisputable that Rice is gonna be someone. He might be the No. 1 receiver the Chiefs have been looking for since Tyreek Hill was traded to Miami two seasons ago.
Key lyric: I’ll leave you breathless / Or with a nasty scar
Why we chose it: We’re not sure if Trey Smith has left any permanent marks on opponents, but he has done nothing short of dominate defensive linemen as one of the best run blockers in the NFL. From Week 7 on in 2023, Smith rated as the second-best run blocker in the league – so it’s not just us saying it. Smith also allowed just two sacks this season. That means he’s opening up plenty of blank -- or empty -- spaces for Pacheco and others to run through. Offensive linemen don’t get a lot of attention, but keep your eye on Smith. He could show you incredible things.
Key lyric: Now we got problems / And I don’t think we can solve ‘em / You made a really deep cut
Why we chose it: Many believe Sneed is among the best cornerbacks in the NFL, certainly in the AFC. Some believe he is the best. Yet he wasn’t selected to the Pro Bowl, and now we got problems. Big problems. At least for every receiver who encounters Sneed and the enormous chip that resides on one – or maybe both – of his shoulders. Another good song for Sneed is “Sweeter Than Fiction.” We can’t tell his whole story here, but Sneed overcame a lot to get to the NFL, and his career has been better than the best authors could have written. Mad love to L’Jarius.
Key lyric: I should not be left to my own devices
Why we chose it: It’s Him. Hi. He’s the problem, it’s him. OK, that’s probably a little unfair. Jawaan Taylor is not a bad player. He’s not what the Chiefs hoped they were getting when they acquired him this offseason, but he’s still a representative NFL player. It’s just those penalties, man. Will he ever learn? It probably doesn’t surprise you to learn that Taylor led the entire NFL in penalties this season. He had 20, and no one else had more than 12. Nine false starts, eight holding calls. It’s not uncommon for Chiefs fans to drift off thinking of Taylor and wind up screaming from dreaming.
Key lyric: Once upon a time, the planets and the fates / And all the stars aligned
Why we chose it: The stars have certainly aligned for Thuney throughout his career. He was the first player to play in the Super Bowl in his first three seasons, which he did with the Patriots. He came over to Kansas City in 2021 and will be playing in his second Super Bowl with the Chiefs. Maybe other teams will catch on to the glory that follows Thuney. Of course, he has a hand in it. He’s made the Pro Bowl in each of the last two seasons and was first-team All Pro for the first time in 2023. He’s only missed two games in his eight-year career.
Key lyric: There you’ll stand, ten feet tall / I will say I knew it all along
Why we chose it: Can you imagine having to play for the Chargers? A team with high expectations just about every season that invariably fails to meet them. Well, that was Tranquill’s fate for the first four seasons of a pretty solid career. That meant having to oppose Patrick Mahomes twice every season. That’s not what anybody wants. But Tranquill began a new chapter in joining the Chiefs season and what do you know – he’s already a Super Bowler. It couldn’t have been scripted any better.
Why we chose it: OK, one song definitely does not capture the entirety of Toney’s existence. So we’re breaking the rules here and giving him three:
This Is Why We Can’t Have Nice Things: Toney’s a former first-round pick who fell out of favor quickly with the Giants and was traded to the Chiefs last year. Now his future in Kansas City is in question because of some missteps.
Trouble: The Chiefs had to know Toney was trouble before he walked in, right? No first-round pick gets traded in his second year. But Kansas City decided he was worth the risk and he has only occasionally rewarded that faith. His low moments have been pretty low.
I Did Something Bad: Yep. The penalty that cost the Chiefs a likely win over the Bills in the regular season. The Chiefs have recovered, as they seemingly always do, but what a bad look.
Key lyric: You got that long hair, slicked back, white T-Shirt
Why we chose it: Talk about 10 words that describe someone perfectly, huh? Tommy Townsend is probably the coolest punter since Pat McAfee. But let’s face it, there aren’t a lot of cool punters out there. Townsend’s long hair, charisma and outstanding ability earn him a lot of much-deserved attention, and he’s actually become a fan favorite. The Chiefs do all the little things well, including long-snapping and punting, and that will never go out of style.
Key lyric: It’s wonderful to see that you’re okay
Why we chose it: We hate to end on a relative downer, but Marquez Valdes-Scantling is just a serviceable guy. He’s not great, he’s certainly not bad, and he has come through for the Chiefs when they’ve needed a big play. He had 116 yards in last year’s AFC Championship game, and he had a 32-yard catch for the Chiefs that helped put the game against the Ravens away, making the Chiefs AFC champs yet again. MVS is not irreplaceable, but he has occasionally made himself indispensable, and that’s just about all you can ask for.
Copyright 2024 KWCH. All rights reserved. To report a correction or typo, please email news@kwch.com