Björk and Rosalía have teamed up on a new single that aims to raise awareness in the fight against industrial salmon farming in Björk’s native Iceland. The pair of European hitmakers will donate sales of the song to help protesters cover their legal fees.
The track currently remains untitled but will be released later this month. A short snippet of the acapella single was uploaded to Björk’s YouTube channel with the cover art depicting a fish in distress. It features the two singers repeating, “Is that the right thing to do? I just don’t know.”
More from Variety
Bjork Drops Her Most Engaging Single in Years: 'Oral,' a Duet With Rosalia Calling Attention to 'Cruel' Salmon Fishing
Coachella Weekend 1 Wrap: Bjork, Chromeo, Dinner Party Deliver Standout Sets
Rosalía and Rauw Alejandro Reveal Engagement in New Candid Video for 'Beso'
In a statement attached to the song’s announcement, Björk writes that they are looking to aid the town of Seyðisfjörður, where residents are combatting the industrial fish farming’s impact on local wildlife. She said that farmed fish in the region suffer “horrid health conditions” and are in danger of extinction.
     View this post on Instagram      
A post shared by Björk (@bjork)
“The majority of the nation already agrees with us, so this protest is about putting the will of the people into our rule-systems,” Björk continued. “We would like to donate sales of the song to help with their legal fees and hopefully it can be an exemplary case for others.”
This is the first time the pair have ever collaborated on a song though Björk has expressed her love for Rosalía’s music before, listing her in a list of her favorite female voices that also included Rihanna, Beyoncé, Kelela, Shygirl and SZA. Rosalía similarly gave the avant-garde artist a shoutout during the 2018 Latin Grammys when she accepted the award for best fusion/ urban interpretation category.
“I am proud to lead my project and make always the music that represents me, despite the risk, and to be able to share it with the world and be here,” she said. “I want to thank women like Lauryn Hill …Björk, Kate Bush … shout out to all the women in the industry that have taught me that I could do this because thanks to them I am here.”
Listen to their new song below.
Best of Variety
New Movies Out Now in Theaters: What to See This Week 
All Best Actress Oscar Winners in Academy Award History
Final Oscar Predictions: Original Score – Nothing Looks Like It Can Beat Ludwig Göransson's Powerful Music on 'Oppenheimer'
Sign up for Variety’s Newsletter. For the latest news, follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram.
SINGAPORE – Leaders around the world have extended their congratulations to Prime Minister Lawrence Wong and the PAP on their resounding election victory on May 3.
Follow our live coverage here.
SINGAPORE (Reuters) -Singapore's People's Action Party won its 14th successive election on Saturday to extend its unbroken six-decade rule, delivering a strong mandate to its new premier as the city-state braces for economic turbulence from a global trade war.  The PAP, which has ruled since before Singapore's 1965 independence, won 87 of the 97 parliamentary seats up for grabs, with victories by huge margins in many of the 33 constituencies as the opposition failed to extend gains in previous contests.  The election was a bellwether of the popularity of the PAP amid some signs of disenchantment with its tight grip on power in the Asian financial hub, whose six million people have known no other kind of government.
Former first lady Michelle Obama has emerged more outspoken than ever about her marriage.
Kim Kardashian has our jaws quite literally on the floor thanks to a nude bodysuit that has her looking so snatched we can barely cope. Check out the pics...
It wasn’t just Signalgate that led to Mike Waltz being canned as President Donald Trump‘s national security adviser. Before that scandal, Waltz had already angered Trump by going behind his back to talk with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu about waging war on Iran, The Washington Post reported Saturday. Ahead of an Oval Office meeting between Trump and Netanyahu in February, Waltz engaged in “intense coordination” with Israel about its military options against Iran, according to the Po
Every country that owns a significant amount of Treasury debt has the option to sell it to push back against President Donald Trump’s tariff policies.  Japan just happened to say it out loud.  “It does exist as a card,” said Japanese Finance Minister Katsunobu Kato, when asked in a Friday television interview if the country’s current commitment not to sell U.S. Treasuries could be used as a negotiation tool in trade talks.
SINGAPORE – A 76-year-old man was taken unconscious to hospital after his car crashed into a wall at Anderson Secondary School on the afternoon of May 3.
Follow our live coverage here.
The model is getting a head start on her tan before the warmer months officially hit
The US government said it will no longer ‘fly around the world at the drop of a hat’ for meetings
Chronic high blood sugar is linked to metabolic diseases such as type 2 diabetes.
Xi might find, to his surprise, that Americans can do — for a while — without Barbie. And that U.S. companies are more capable of leaving China than he expects.
Jamie Vardy scored an excellent goal against Southampton before intervening to stop play when the match referee suffered a worrying injury.
Guide to Singapore's General Election 2025 (GE2025): When will Singapore General Election results be out? And more.
A rare move from Beijing sends markets soaring--are the US and China finally heading toward a truce?
Midfielder is into double figures for goals this season
SINGAPORE – Mitchell Ong, the suspect in the fatal stabbing of fellow Singaporean Audrey Fang in Spain, faces being deported to be tried in Singapore, after the Spanish immigration authorities submitted the request to a court.
Day by day, the evidence mounts that Donald Trump is rethinking American policy towards Ukraine. His ambition to put a swift end to the war has come to nothing, but the crucial change is that he may at last be realising that Vladimir Putin is chiefly responsible for thwarting his efforts.
See the significant change Princess Kate made with the newest portrait of Princess Charlotte, her and Prince William's middle child.