Even as a frequent traveler, I’m not immune to having moments in which I struggle to squeeze just one more sweater into my carry-on, so I tend to favor the more flexible polycarbonate over aluminum in my everyday travels. After traveling with Rimowa’s popular aluminum carry-on, I decided to test out the brand’s polycarbonate Essential Cabin on a recent trip to Montreal. Rimowa is credited for introducing the industry’s first polycarbonate suitcases in 2000, so my expectations were high.
I tested Rimowa's polycarbonate Essential Carry-On on a recent trip to Montreal.
Much like the brand’s other offerings, the Essential Cabin comes at a steep price—$900, to be exact. With the majority of carry-on suitcases being made from high-quality polycarbonate these days, investing in a Rimowa requires a compelling argument. While traveling with the Essential Cabin for four days—during which I packed it to the brim, dragged it over cobblestone streets and tossed it down a staircase—I spent time determining its true value. Read my full review below.
Rimowa
Our score: 8 | Dimensions: 21.7 x 15.8 x 9.1 inches | Weight: 7.1 pounds | Capacity: 37L | Color options: 12 | Warranty: Lifetime warranty
Best for:
Skip if:
The exterior of the Rimowa Essential Cabin features the brand’s signature grooves, which are not only stylish, but help hide any scuffing. And although I tested a Slate grey suitcase on this trip, I appreciate that the Essential Cabin offers a wide variety of different colors, many of which are released throughout the year in limited quantities (I’m personally fond of the cherry red hue that Rihanna was famously seen toting in the brand’s 2021 campaign). For those who travel with a laptop, the Essential Sleeve version includes an attached padded laptop sleeve.
The suitcase's dual-sided Velcro flex dividers can be used as compression panels and offer zipped ... More storage
The suitcase comes with two dual-sided Velcro flex dividers that can be used as compression panels and offer zipped storage. For my four day trip, I was able to pack six shirts, two pairs of pants, four blazers, undergarments, a toiletry bag, a hair straightener and a pair of boots—all of which I was able to zip up with ease. My favorite design feature as a petite person who often travels solo and is constantly hoisting my own bag into the overhead bin, is that this suitcase clocked in at just over 7 pounds, making it one of the more lightweight carry-on options I’ve tested.
When I first received the Essential Cabin, I was surprised by how flexible its polycarbonate exterior seemed. When the suitcase was empty, I was able to push it in almost completely—although it never felt like it would snap or break. This flexibility, of course, is what enables it to be a very forgiving option for overpackers (unlike aluminum suitcases), but I was hesitant to discover how durable it would be. After dragging it up a few cobblestone corners in Old Montreal and throwing it down one of the interior stairways of my hotel, I was pleased not to detect any dents or scratches.
I was delighted by the Essential Cabin's incredibly comfortable, rubbery side handle.
One of my biggest pet peeves about luggage is grip handles that are uncomfortable and can chap your hands as you’re hauling your suitcase off the luggage carousel. That’s why I was delighted by this suitcase’s incredibly comfortable, rubbery side handle that allowed me to give it a good squeeze as I tossed my suitcase into the backseat of my Uber. I would have even loved to see the suitcase designed with an extra grip handle on the bottom. The telescopic handle was just as comfortable, and slid into its different adjusted heights with ease.
Rimowa is known for its 1.75 inch mounted wheels that smoothly roll in any direction, and the Essential Cabin didn’t disappoint. I packed heavy for this trip (winter is already in full swing in Canada), and experienced nothing but smooth sailing throughout my journey. As I mentioned in my review of the Original Cabin, I believe the hype around Rimowa’s excellent wheels is justified. When you add in the fact that the brand offers a generous warranty that will replace those wheels free of charge should they become damaged, the suitcase’s overall price point becomes a bit more understandable.
Rimowa's smooth-rolling wheels didn't disappoint.
After traveling with the Rimowa Essential Cabin, I would recommend it as a fine option for a luxury traveler seeking a durable, stylish and smooth-rolling suitcase. It’s thoughtfully designed, comfortable to maneuver and has a great interior compression system that allowed me to easily pack for four to five days without the fear of my suitcase exploding when I opened it. After many tugs, I also found its zip closure to be particularly sturdy.
The Rimowa Essential Cabin at the Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport in Montreal, Quebec, ... More Canada.
The market for polycarbonate carry-ons is a competitive one. For a high-end traveler who may not want to fork over $900 for an investment piece but is still seeking an elegant and well-constructed bag, I would hold Carl Friedrik’s The Carry On in similar esteem—that bag is more than half the price, although heavier. Just a tiny bit less expensive, the Briggs & Riley Sympatico Carry-On is another luxury polycarbonate suitcase that is also worth considering. But if a lightweight suitcase is the goal, the Essential Cabin certainly comes out on top.