E-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
to submit an obituary

Please email your obituary to obituary@chicoer.com or call 530-896-7718. Please include your name, mailing address, and phone number along with the copy and photo.


We also need a copy of the death certificate or name and number of the funeral home to verify death.

Sign up for email newsletters
E-Edition
October’s happenings begin on the fifth with Polyrhythmics at Lost on Main. Veterans of Seattle’s funk scene, the seven-piece blend elements of R&B, Afrobeat and progressive jazz into a winning sound. The band’s latest release, 2023’s “Filter System,” has them venturing into dance music and psychedelia. Free Creatures opens the show.
JMax Productions brings Moon Hooch to Lost on Main’s stage Oct. 10. The Brooklyn-based trio began their career in 2010 busking in the subways of New York City, with the unusual configuration of two saxophonists and a drummer.
While that set up still exists, Micheal Wilbur and Wentl McGowen are on drummer number four, Jules Jenssen. Their tour in support of their eighth studio album, “Yesterday’s Problem,” is carbon neutral, with the band planting trees to offset their carbon usage. Opening the show is COFRESI, mixing digital and acoustic performance.
Country-rock rapper Overtime and the Blue Collar Soldiers Band stop at the Tackle Box on Oct. 11. Hailing from Montana, Overtime is truly an independent artist, operating without management, agencies, or support from a label.
That same night, Kiesza will be at the Senator Theatre, thanks to JMax Productions. The Canadian singer has roots in folk, but is part of the pop/electronics world, having opened for Demi Lovato and written songs for Rihanna and Kylie Minogue. Kiesza is touring in support of her new EP “Dancing and Crying: Vol 1.” Bonnie McKee opens.
On Saturday, Oct. 12, JMax Productions hosts Chico’s own Hail the Sun at the Senator. Formed by Chico State students in 2009, the post-hardcore outfit is on the “Wake” 10th Anniversary Tour, referencing the quartet’s 2014 album.
Also on Oct. 12 classic Southern rockers The Marshall Tucker Band will be at Gold Country Casino. Vocalist Doug Grey is the only remaining original member of the band, whose heyday was in the 1970s. Notable for having a flutist, as heard on the 1973 hit “Can’t You See,” the band saw themselves as progressive country, because of the jazz influences in their music.
The Mother Hips make their annual autumn two-night stand at the Sierra Nevada Brewing Co. Big Room on Oct. 17-18. The Chico-born, San Francisco-based band is touring the West promoting the just released 13th album “California Currents.” Expect both shows to sell out.
Outlaw country veteran Dallas Moore stops at the Tackle Box on Oct. 25. Part of a second generation in that genre, he’s known as “The Hardest Working Man in Honky Tonk,” for being on the road more than 300 days a year. “No God in Juarez,” his 17th album, is a collection of songs from his mentor Billie Gant.
JMax Productions brings Chicano Batman to the Senator Theatre on the band’s final tour before going on “indefinite hiatus.” The L.A.-based psychedelic rockers add soul, funk, indie and more into their unique sound that helped make them the darlings of the festival set in the 2010s.
The Big Room welcomes Frankie and the Witch Fingers on Oct. 29. Mixing garage rock and psychedelia, the L.A.-based quartet opened a few shows on the 2019 Cheap Trick/ZZ Top tour. More recently, the band released its seventh album “Data Doom,” which explores dystopian themes of emerging fascism, systemic failure and eroding humanity in a technological world. Cheery.
On Oct. 30, JMax Productions brings country music traditionalist Jesse Daniel to The Tackle Box. Since his 2018 debut, the Californian has been channeling the Bakersfield sound from the likes of Buck Owens and Merle Haggard on his Telecaster. Daniel is on his “Countin’ the Miles Tour”.
Finally, Halloween sees Diggin’ Dirt return to Lost on Main. Those who saw Humboldt County’s kings of funk and soul a few months back know that the seven-piece puts on a high energy dance party. Don’t miss them this time.
Related Articles


			Rootsy Americana dominates May music | All Along the Watchtower		




			Variety of music to fill north state venues in April | All Along the Watchtower		


Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group