The Royal Albert Hall brought a night of sartorial splendour on Monday, as the biggest names in fashion and culture stepped out for the 2024 Fashion Awards. 
From Rita Ora's mullet debut to Rihanna in a showstopping blue hat to witness her partner A$AP Rocky win the cultural innovator award, the red carpet was alight with high octane glamour and dramatic beauty.
Among those on the star-studded guest list was It-Brit Maya Jama, who hosted the evening alongside musician Kojey Radical. 
Outfit changes for the presenters of events as such have almost become a pre-requisite, and Maya stunned in not one, but three jaw-dropping dresses. 
The 30-year-old style icon stepped onto stage in a sage green satin maxi dress by British designer Connor Ives, featuring a halter neckline, a vibrant floral design and a crocheted hem.
She then changed into the coolest corseted Marni mini dress created with hand-painted duchesse satin, featuring a low V-neckline and structured balloon skirt. 
The showstopping mini from the label's AW24 collection is the same £7000 dress that Brat queen Charli XCX wore to the Met Gala 2024 after-party. 
Last but certainly not least, Maya stepped into a form-fitting vintage maxi skirt from Christian Dior's 2003 autumn/winter collection by John Galliano. She paired the floral embellished mermaid-shaped piece with an understated strapless black top, letting her stellar skirt do all the talking. 
The annual fashion awards event (previously called the British Fashion Awards) is hosted by the British Fashion Council in London on the first month of December every year. The charity night sees famous faces from across the global come together for "a celebration of creative talent and emerging faces in the industry, the event honours designers, brands, and individuals shaping the future of fashion, both in the UK and globally," explains H! Fashion's Tania Leslau. 
By entering your details, you are agreeing to HELLO! Magazine User Data Protection Policy. You can unsubscribe at any time. For more information, please click here.