By JESSICA JANES FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  16:52, 11 July 2024   |  Updated:  16:55, 11 July 2024   
 12
View  comments
Priyanka Chopra and husband Nick Jonas cut casual figures on Thursday as they touched down in Mumbai ahead of their pal's lavish wedding. 
The actress, 41, looked incredible as she sported a striped knit co-ord set which consisted of a relaxed-fit top and a pair of high-waisted flared trousers. 
She further accessorised the look with a pair of black shades and sported some gold-toned earrings. 
Meanwhile, her husband Nick, 31, cut a casual figure in a paisley print co-ord which he teamed with a white vest underneath. 
Nick further accessorised his look with a pair of black shades and appeared every inch the perfect gentleman as he escorted his wife to their car. 
Priyanka Chopra and her husband Nick Jonas cut casual figures on Thursday as they touched down in Mumbai ahead of their pal's lavish wedding on Friday
The actress, 41, looked incredible as she sported a striped knit co-ord set which consisted of a relaxed-fit top and a pair of high-waisted flared trousers
The couple seemed in high spirits as they smiled and waved at the cameras before jumping into the car. 
The couple's arrival coincides with the upcoming wedding festivities of billionaire Anant Ambani, 29, and his fiancé Radhika Merchant, also 29. 
According to Times Of India, Anant, who is the youngest son of Asia's richest man Mukesh Ambani, will wed Radhika on Friday and it is anticipated as one of the most significant events of the year. 
The wedding celebrations span three days, starting with the Shubh Vivaah on July 12, followed by the Shubh Aashirwad on July 13. 
The couple will then conclude with the Mangal Utsav wedding reception on July 14.
Last week, the ongoing celebrations were elevated by a stunning performance from international pop sensation Justin Bieber, 30. 
And if Justin wasn't enough to celebrate the weeks leading up to the big day, Anant also booked Italian tenor Andrea Bocelli, Katy Perry and Rihanna to perform at his pre-nuptials in recent weeks.
Katy put on a show-stopping performance at the billionaire's pre-wedding bash in Cannes last month.
She further accessorised the look with a pair of black shades and sported some gold-toned earrings
Meanwhile, her husband Nick, 31, cut a casual figure in a paisley print co-ord which he teamed with a white vest underneath
Nick further accessorised his look with a pair of black shades
He appeared every inch the perfect gentleman as he escorted his wife to their car
The singer, 39, was reportedly paid more than $6million to perform at a masquerade ball for the son of India's richest man.
This was a staggering $1million more than Rihanna, who was paid $5million to do the 'bare minimum' for a 90-minute set at the three-day celebration.   
Katy reportedly sang her favourite hits for the bride, groom and their 800 guests.
According to MARCA, 'Katy has been paid more than six million dollars so that they can be the stars of the great event that will signify his legacy aboard.'
Rihanna sang her 2011 megahit collaboration with Calvin Harris titled We Found Love and she could be seen barely dancing. 
The video was posted with the caption: 'She just don't give a f***.' 
One Twitter user said: 'Rihanna really said she’s doing the bare minimum, collecting her check and go.'
Regardless the A-lister did boast an impressive 19-song set list of some of her biggest hits including B*** Better Have My Money, Work, All Of The Lights, and lastly Diamonds.
Dashing Andrea looked incredibly dapper in a light blue suit jacket, teamed with a navy waistcoat and trousers.
The previous pre-wedding blowout cost a staggering £120million, sources told MailOnline, in stark contrast to the nearby slums just a stone's throw away where some of the world's poorest work up to 17 hours for just $5 a day. 
The couple got engaged on 29 December 2022 and will marry at the end of this week. 
The couple's pre-wedding celebrations began in March with a glamorous party in Jamnagar, India, that was estimated to have cost them more than $128 million.
In May and June, the festivities continued as the couple embarked on a four-day Mediterranean cruise with 1,200 guests. 
Amongst them were global tech CEOs, Bollywood stars and Hollywood legends.
The trip included parties across Europe with performances from stars such as Katy Perry, Pitbull and the Backstreet Boys.
Throughout the four-day expedition, the soon-to-be husband and wife, along with their guests, experienced the European cities of Sicily and Rome in Italy and Cannes in France.
The nighttime entertainment featured lavish parties and star-studded celebrity performances.
For his daughter's wedding in 2018, the groom's father Mukesh is said to have also paid Beyoncé, 42, $6million to perform a private concert for guests. 
His daughter's wedding in total reportedly cost $100million and saw US pop megastar Beyonce perform.
Anant, 29, (L) is set to marry Radhika Merchant (R) on Friday and the celebrations will continue over a three-day period
Anant (middle) is the son of Reliance Industries chairman Mukesh Ambani (left), who is Asia 's richest person according to Forbes and worth more than $114 billion (pictured with bride Radhika)

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group