With Super Bowl LVIII festivities now just a month away, Usher is kicking the hype machine into high gear by reminding fans that this moment in his career is "30 years in the making."
Friday, the eight-time Grammy winner shared a trailer for his much-anticipated halftime performance, which will come mere days after the rollout of his latest album, Coming Home. LeBron James, J Balvin, and Jung Kook all make appearances in the "Yeah!"-soundtracked, minute-long tease.
See more above. Usher is also marking Super Bowl season with a special Road to Halftime collection of playlists and career highlights on Apple Music, including a personal mix featuring hits from Michael Jackson and The Killers.
Usher is currently fresh off his mention in 21 Savage's Travis Scott-featuring American Dream track "née-nah." In the song's second verse, 21 references Usher's 2004 album Confessions, like so:
Apple Music first got into the halftime show mix with last year’s Rihanna-headlined Super Bowl LVII Halftime Show, which ultimately bagged an Emmy. Revisit that performance below.
sports | BY Derrick Bell
One Reason Why Your NFL Team Won't Win Super Bowl LVIII
music | BY Joe Price
Janelle Monáe Makes Usher Blush During Serenade at Vegas Show
music | BY Minou Itseli
24 Hours In Paris With Usher
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.