Photo by David M. Benett/Dave Benett/WireImage
Zendaya isn’t going to be out-danced by anyone — even her own boyfriend.
While the Dune actress has a long dance history, starring in Disney Channel’s Shake It Up where she played a child professional dancer and also appearing in season 16 of ABC’s Dancing with the Stars, she says the thought of taking the dance floor with boyfriend Tom Holland is enough to make her sweat.
“He’s too good, it would piss me off,” she admitted to Teen Vogue in an interview published Oct. 15. “I would want to take someone who could be equally as bad as me.”
You really can’t blame her, since the Uncharted actor broke the internet in 2017 with his performance to Rihanna’s “Umbrella” on Lip Sync Battle.
“I’m proud of it,” the Crowded Room actor said a 2023 interview with The Hollywood Reporter of his Lip Sync Battle. “I’ve really worked hard in my career and I’ve really been calculated in deciding what it is I do and when I do it. And for all the movies that I’m incredibly proud of, the Lip Sync Battle is what I get the most compliments for.”
On top of that, Tom also starred in Billy Elliot when he was younger, a musical known for its incredibly difficult choreography.
While we think Zendaya is selling her dance moves short, she said she would opt for a dance partner that’s a bit less advanced.
“You know who would be fun at it?” she questioned. “Honestly, my little niece who’s 8. I would like to take a dance class with her. That would be fun.”
In case you’re somehow unaware, Tom and Zendaya first sparked romance rumors in 2017, after starring in Spider-Man: Homecoming together. Originally denying their relationship, they two finally confirmed their romance prior to the 2021 release of Spider-Man: No Way Home.
“Parts of my life, I accept, are going to be public,” Zendaya told Elle in August 2023 of her love life. “I can’t not be a person and live my life and love the person I love. But also, I do have control over what I choose to share. It’s about protecting the peace and letting things be your own but also not being afraid to exist. You can’t hide. That’s not fun, either. I am navigating it more than ever now.”
Love J-14? Be sure to subscribe to our YouTube channel for fun, exclusive videos with your favorite stars.
J-14 has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
J-14 is part of the a360media Entertainment Group.Copyright © a360media 2025. All Rights Reserved