Tracy and Sidney Mankowski, the mother-daughter owners women's clothing boutique Erica Logan, have opened a trucker hat bar at their Hauppauge shop.  Credit: Erica Logan
At Erica Logan, a women’s boutique in Hauppauge, owners Tracy Mankowski and her daughter Sidney are big believers in innovative ideas and distinct merchandise.
"We try not to have anything that anyone else does," says Tracy, 48, who called the 2-year-old shop a brick-and-mortar manifestation of their "dream closet."
In the spring, the dynamic business duo expanded the dream to include a "bar" — not for cocktails, but for trendy trucker hats. The casual caps go with everything, offer shade from the sun and cover up bad-hair days.
They came up with the addition after they scoped out what’s cool and fashionable for all four seasons. "We came upon doing hats," says Sidney, 25. "People love to do a custom twist on everything."
Trucker caps, seen on the likes of celebrities such as Rihanna and Paris Hilton, feature a front foam panel and mesh back for breathability. Their snapback closure gives them a sporty, retro look.
Get ready for the weekend with our picks on where to shop, dine and have fun on Long Island.
By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Customizing caps is part of the fun at Erica Logan, which is a combination of the owners’ middle names. "Tracy Sidney wasn’t flying," says Tracy, with a laugh. 
Patches in dozens of shapes — hearts, stars, initials, more — are applied by heat-press. Charms, pins and chains can be added for one-of-a-kind looks. Trucker cap prices run around $25-$55, depending on the number of patches and jewelry choices.
Design your own trucker hat with pins, patches, charms and more at women's clothing boutique Erica Logan in Hauppauge. Credit: Erica Logan
Tracy and Sidney, a graduate of High Point University in North Carolina, know that running a business is a big challenge. It’s a feather in both their caps.
Beyond the line of hats, Enewton jewelry ($16 and up) and crochet-ware (sweaters are around $49) are popular with customers. "Our merchandise is from the south, the west, some things from Europe," says Tracy.
"We wanted to do something for daughters, mothers and even grandmothers — a place with generational shopping," Tracy adds.
The Golden Rule essentially describes the philosophy at the shop. "We try to treat everybody like family," Tracy added. "We have developed some incredible relationships, especially because we’re in the store every day." Hats off!
Erica Logan, 926 Wheeler Rd., Hauppauge, 631-406-7846, ericaloganclths.com
The Newsday app makes it easier to access content without having to log in.
Unlimited Digital AccessOnly 25¢for 6 months
Privacy Policy | Terms of service | Subscription terms | Your ad choices | Cookie Settings | California Privacy Rights | About Us | Contact Newsday | Reprints & permissions | Advertise with Newsday | Help
Copyright ©2025 Newsday. All rights reserved.