Chris Brown: A History of Violence will be released on Oct. 27.

													By
												

	Michael Saponara


Chris Brown’s history of alleged abuse and myriad of lawsuits will be explored in a new documentary coming to Investigation Discovery. 

The Hollywood Reporter first reported the news regarding the doc on Monday (Sept. 30), which is titled Chris Brown: A History of Violence. The documentary is set to land on ID on Oct. 27 as part of the network’s “No Excuse for Abuse” campaign. 

	While Chris Brown has spent plenty of time topping the charts, he’s also dealt with plenty of legal issues dating back to his 2009 arrest for allegedly assaulting ex-girlfriend Rihanna. He ultimately took a plea deal after pleading guilty to felony assault in the case.





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	





		Explore	

















	
		
					Chris Brown		
					


See latest videos, charts and news



See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	“Chris Brown’s an amazing and talented musician, but let’s call a thing a thing. He’s an abuser of women. Consistently, unapologetically,” one woman can be heard saying in the Ample Entertainment-produced doc’s chilling trailer. 

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	An unidentified alleged victim is also coming forward to tell her story of abuse at the hands of the turbulent superstar for the very first time. 

	“I have not spoken about this matter publicly, but that’s the only way he can be stopped,” an altered voice says. 

	Shortly after the premiere airs, The View‘s Sunny Hostin is reportedly slated to host a discussion alongside domestic violence experts and survivor advocates. 

	“Domestic violence is a very close, personal issue to me as I reflect on my past as a prosecutor of these types of cases, and in my role as a mother and public figure whose actions inform and help shape the next generation,” Hostin said in a statement. “This issue is a prevalent epidemic which knows no socio-economic boundaries, so I am dedicated to expanding and continuing this crucial conversation. The more we know, the better we can help advocate for change as a society.”

	Investigation Discovery is coming off of airing the bombshell Quiet on Set documentary earlier this year, which probed the child abuse that allegedly took place at Nickelodeon Studios. 

	Watch the Chris Brown: A History of Violence trailer below. 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.