Boots has launched its 'biggest ever' £10 Tuesday ahead of Black Friday and there's some unmissable deals to be had. The weekly discount event is the perfect opportunity to stock up on some beauty routine staples or pick up Christmas gifts for loved ones while saving money.
Every week we bring beauty fans the best deals to shop in Boots' £10 Tuesday sale. Today, we've found more than half a dozen that are too good to pass up. To shop the full sale visit here or read on below for our favourite deals.
The £10 sale features a mixture of beauty and skincare items from a range of popular affordable brands as well as some high end names. Boots fans can shop products from the likes of MAC, Fenty, Olay, Real Techniques and more for just £10 until 11.59am tonight (November 11).
READ MORE: MAC launches 'biggest ever' Black Friday beauty sale with £12 makeup in 50% off deal
READ MORE: Boots reduces designer £74 Marc Jacobs perfume to £37 that's 'quirky but beautiful'
Usually costing £19, the Hismile V34 Colour Corrector Serum 30ml has been slashed to £10 for today (November 11) only. The tooth serum works in a similar way to purple shampoo, where it uses colour theory to 'restore brightness' and neutralises any yellow tones on the tooth surface.
To use, brush your teeth like normal and then apply the serum with a soft bristle toothbrush or with a cotton swab and gently polish onto your teeth, specifically focusing on the areas that are the most yellow. It can be reapplied daily, and is recommended to use just before going out, to brighten your smile and boost your confidence. To pick up the Corrector Serum for £10, visit here.
Available with a massive £28 discount, the Olay Regenerist Whip Day Face Cream SPF30 not only protects your skin against harmful UV rays, but also actively hydrates and plumps your skin for a lifted, glowing look. It's packed with niacinamide and peptides that creates glowing and younger-looking skin within 28 days.
The revolutionary 'light as air 'version of the Olay Regenerist facial moisturiser with SPF transforms from cream to liquid on contact for fast absorption and a breathable feel. The results? skin that’s smooth, matte and shine-free. To pick up the cream for £10, visit here.
MAC's Fix + Setting Spray is a cult classic and it's not hard to see why it. It hydrates, primes, sets, refreshes makeup and so much more. The fan-favourite setting spray you know and love now comes with a fine-mist pump to adore Makeup artist-approved, the alcohol-free formula features good-for-skin ingredients, including vitamins and minerals, along with green tea, chamomile and cucumber extracts. To pick up the spray with a £19 discount, visit here.
The Cleanser Discovery Set includes each of The Ordinary’s facial cleansers. Designed for travel in the AM and PM, all three formulas offer gently cleansing and help supporting the skin's hydration.
The set includes The Ordinary's Glycolipid Cream Cleanser 50ml, the Squalane Cleanser 50ml, and the Glucoside Foaming Cleanser 50ml. It is suitable for all skin types but each cleanser follows different instructions. Find out more about The Cleanser Discovery Set for £10, here.
Tea, coffee and wine drinkers have been left delighted with the 'unbelievable' results of a 'game changer' teeth whitening pen from Boots. The Gem Teeth Whitening Pen PAP Crisp Mint offers a speedy solution for anyone looking to brighten their pearly whites.
The easy to use pen offers quick and painless results, brightening teeth within just 10 minutes of use everyday. This small, yet mighty, whitening pen has been made with a scientifically proven teeth whitening ingredient, Phthalimidoperoxy-caproic Acid (PAP) to gently brighten your teeth.
Unlike many other teeth whitening solutions where you need to brush your teeth or leave on a serum for a few minutes, this pen allows you to just brush some liquid onto your teeth for ten minutes once a day. to pick up the Gem Teeth Whitening Pen PAP Crisp Mint for £10, visit here.
The Boots Pedestal Mirror is the ideal addition to every bathroom or bedroom. It features a a standard mirror as well as a 3x magnification mirror on a chrome stand, which is ideal for applying makeup. To pick it up with a £5 discount, visit here.
For makeup artists, beauty editors and makeup enthusiasts alike, Real Techniques is a go-to. The brand offers quality synthetic brushes on a budget. The Artist Essentials Brush Set usually costs £20 but shoppers can bag it with 50% off for today only. That brings the Essentials Brush Set to just £10. It contains a Lip Smudge brush for cream lipsticks and liners and a Soft Accent Brush to apply highlighter and blush. There's also the Expert Edge Large brush for precisely applying liquid or cream foundation as well as a Spotlight Fan brush to apply contour and highlighter.
Rihanna’s highlighter formulas are known for delivering ‘next-level glow’, and seeing them this cheap is a rarity. This smooth, non-greasy, high-shine product boasts a superfine shimmer that is buildable, transfer resistant and dries down quickly without disturbing makeup.
Lightweight and non-sticky, it’s said to have a ‘show stopping radiant finish’, and is available in five universally flattering shades, all of which are featured in the deal. To pick up the Liquid Killawatt Fluid Freestyle Highlighter with a £16 discount, visit here.
Black Friday is in full swing elsewhere, with Superdrug, Sephora and Debenhams all offering unmissable deals. We've rounded up our tops picks from Superdrug here. Click here for the best offers from Debenhams.
Or you can check out Sephora's Black Friday sale. The beauty retailer has kicked off its early Black Friday sale with massive savings as well as free gifts on top brands including Dyson, Sol de Janeiro, Laneige and beauty advent calendars, Click here to shop our favourite price drops or visit here to go directly to the sale.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.