The European Court of Justice affirmed an earlier decision of
the European Intellectual Property Office (EUIPO) in a case where
Puma was attempting to gain a European Union (EU) Community Design
on its "Puma Creeper Shoe." On March 6, 2024, the EU
Court struck down the validity of Puma's registered EU design,
based on a number of social media posts by Rihanna.
EU Design Patent Protection
Under EU design patent law, novelty and individual character are
two of the requirements to obtain EU Design protection. In order to
show novelty, the appearance of the design, or the portion of the
design for which the applicant seeks protection, must be new. In
other words, novelty exists if there is no identical design or if
there is no similar design with only minor changes to its
ornamental details. Individual character exists if the new product
design creates a different overall impression than an existing
product. Similar to US Design practice, the lines, contours,
surface, and elevation of portions of an object, such as the Puma
Creeper Shoe, must be new (i.e., original, unique, or novel). Thus,
a shoe, or a shoe portion, cannot have been previously
invented.
Even if an EU Design is granted, some provisions allow for a
design patent to be invalidated. One example is if the design
seeking protection is made available to the public prior to twelve
months preceding the design patent's filing date. (Council
Regulation 6/2002, on Community Designs, 2002.) Whether or not a
designer or a third party discloses the design is inconsequential
as it pertains to public disclosure. Thus, a public disclosure can
be novelty destroying and prevent an otherwise valid EU Design
application from being granted.
US Patent Law provides a similar remedy. The
"public-use" provisions in 35 USC establishes that
"a person shall be entitled to a patent unless the claimed
invention was patented, described in a printed publication, or in
public use, on sale, or otherwise available to the public before
the effective filing date of the claimed invention." (35
U.S.C. § 102(a)(1).) A disclosure made one year or less before
the effective filing date of a claimed invention shall not be prior
art to the claimed invention if the inventor or joint inventor made
the disclosure... (35 USC § 102(b)(1)(A).) Thus, the timing of
a disclosure in advance of the design patent filing date is
critical in determining the validity of the design patent.
Parties and the Case
The Puma dispute dates back to 2019, when a Dutch footwear
wholesaler, Handelsmaatschappij J. van Hilst (HJVH), applied for a
declaration of invalidity against Puma's registered Puma
Creeper Shoe design. In support of the wholesaler's
application, HJVH provided a series of photographs that Rihanna had
shared via her Instagram account in 2014, in which she wore a pair
of Puma trainers. These posted images were also reproduced in
several news sources in 2014. As Puma filed an EU design
application to protect the Puma Creeper Shoe design in July 2016,
HJVH argued that the sharing of these photos occurred beyond the
one-year grace period afforded to Puma. HJVH further argued that
the Puma Creeper Shoe lacked the required novelty to qualify for an
EU design patent. Following its review of the matter, the EUIPO
found that Puma's design was invalid because it lacked
individual character, due to being disclosed more than one year
before the filing date.
Puma appealed the EUIPO's decision to the European Court of
Justice, arguing that at least the evidence before the EUIPO was
insufficient to demonstrate prior disclosure of Puma's design
in accordance with the Regulation. Puma alleged that fans did not
take an interest in the shoes when they were featured in
Rihanna's 2014 Instagram post and, instead, focused on Rihanna
herself. The Court was not persuaded by this argument. The Court
provided several reasons, but one included that "Rihanna was a
world-famous pop star," with both her fans and others in the
fashion sector being interested in the shoes she posted. Therefore,
the Court found that it was reasonable for people to closely study
the photos of the shoes posted to see the exact style she was
wearing. Thus, the Instagram photos were sufficient evidence
showing the Puma Creeper Shoe design was publicly disclosed more
than one year prior to the filing of an application for an EU
Design.
Community Design No. 003320555-0002
Source: https://www.politico.eu/article/rihanna-instagram-post-puma-hopeless-place-european-union/
Practice Tip
The courts relying on the use of social media by Puma, Rihanna,
and news sources show the level of care that must be taken at every
stage of the design process of a new product, including the
disclosure and patent registration process. Companies advertise on
social media outlets and form partnerships with influencers or
ambassadors; however, if the companies have not filed for design
patent protection prior to such advertisements and/or partnerships
publicly using their products, the companies may lose their rights
to obtain a design patent. A company or individual should speak
with a patent attorney during its design process and, ideally,
prior to any public disclosure of its product, to determine whether
a design patent can protect its product.
What's more, unlike US Design patent law, the EU Design is
not examined before being registered. Thus, an assignee holding a
EU design may not have a valid EU design patent, and that
EU design patent, when challenged, can be invalidated.
The content of this article is intended to provide a general
guide to the subject matter. Specialist advice should be sought
about your specific circumstances.
Connecting Knowledge & People
POWERED BY MONDAQ AI
© Mondaq® Ltd  1994 - 2025. All Rights Reserved
Mondaq uses cookies on this website. By using our website you agree to our use of cookies as set out in our Privacy Policy.