The model is taking a page straight out of Rihanna's pregnancy style guide.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Hailey Bieber is elevating the maternity game by combining pregnancy fashion with the 2024 nearly naked trend.
On Saturday, June 22, the mom-to-be was spotted in New York City wearing a see-through, all-black lace catsuit that perfectly accentuated her baby bump. The model paired her Alessandra Rich lace jumpsuit with Saint Laurent Zoe Slingback Pumps and an ankle-length all-black trench coat.
To accessorize her barely-there maternity look, Hailey Bieber wore a Ferragamo Wanda mini leather tote bag and Gucci Hailey sunglasses.
Sheer, nearly naked one-pieces, two-pieces and gowns are the latest trend to dominate both fashion runways and Hollywood red carpets. For example, the see-through trend dominated this year's Met Gala and was worn by the likes of Margot Robbie, Vanessa Hudgens and Kendall Jenner.
Hailey Bieber are seen on June 22, 2024 in New York City.
Rihanna was arguably the celebrity to revive (and arguably define) the nearly-naked maternity look, combining runway-worthy trends with pregnancy attire.
In 2022, while in Paris, the superstar wore a sheer lacy black dress by Dior that resembled lingerie. At the time, Rihanna paired the look with a glossy black coat and matching pointy knee-high boots.
Rihanna has spoken out about her past maternity wear choices and why she avoided the more "traditional," conservative pieces that arguably desexualize pregnant people and soon-to-be moms.
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
"When I found out I was pregnant, I thought to myself, There’s no way I’m going to go shopping in no maternity aisle," the singer and entrepreneur told Vogue during her first pregnancy. "I’m sorry—it’s too much fun to get dressed up. I’m not going to let that part disappear because my body is changing.
"I’m hoping that we were able to redefine what’s considered 'decent' for pregnant women. My body is doing incredible things right now, and I’m not going to be ashamed of that," she continued at the time. "This time should feel celebratory. Because why should you be hiding your pregnancy?"
Danielle Campoamor is Marie Claire's weekend editor covering all things news, celebrity, politics, culture, live events, and more. In addition, she is an award-winning freelance writer and former NBC journalist with over a decade of digital media experience covering mental health, reproductive justice, abortion access, maternal mortality, gun violence, climate change, politics, celebrity news, culture, online trends, wellness, gender-based violence and other feminist issues. You can find her work in The New York Times, Washington Post, TIME, New York Magazine, CNN, MSNBC, NBC, TODAY, Vogue, Vanity Fair, Harper's Bazaar, Marie Claire, InStyle, Playboy, Teen Vogue, Glamour, The Daily Beast, Mother Jones, Prism, Newsweek, Slate, HuffPost and more. She currently lives in Brooklyn, New York with her husband and their two feral sons. When she is not writing, editing or doom scrolling she enjoys reading, cooking, debating current events and politics, traveling to Seattle to see her dear friends and losing Pokémon battles against her ruthless offspring. You can find her on X, Instagram, Threads, Facebook and all the places.

This bag is a $33,000 flex.


\201cI have to be Disneyland for them."


It's time for an upgrade.


The fashion cross-over I didn't know I needed.


This runway look is unlike any other.


She one hundred percent pulls them off.


The dress's previous owner has a lot to do with the first Monday in May...


I can't resist following their lead.


The Rhode founder ditched her trusty neutrals while accepting a major award.


Out with the moody basics, in with spring pastels.


I'm suddenly inspired to give them a shot.


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.