By SHARON MAI FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  05:06, 25 August 2024   |  Updated:  08:44, 25 August 2024   
 110
View  comments
Rihanna shared stunning, makeup-free portraits while promoting a product from her skincare line, Fenty Skin.
On Saturday, the 36-year-old singer took to Instagram to showcase her dewy, flawless skin while she encouraged her fans to wear sunscreen in the caption of her photo series.
Proving she is her brand's best advertising asset, the Fenty Beauty founder posed and applied the product to her luminous and glowing skin in her snaps.
Her latest post comes just after her partner A$AP Rocky, 35, opened up about their parenting style and said they intend to give their sons, two-year-old RZA and one-year-old Riot, a normal childhood despite their fame and ten-digit net worth.
For the photoshoot, the Bajan bombshell went for a natural, elegant and effortless look with a casual-chic ensemble and her cool-toned blonde hair in a silky and straight style. 
Rihanna shared stunning, makeup-free portraits while promoting a product from her skincare line, Fenty Skin
The billionaire businesswoman accentuated her radiant visage with just a touch of gloss and a hint of shimmering taupe eyeshadow to highlight her eyes. 
She could also be seen sporting a sheer, pale pink manicure while applying skincare to her cheeks.
In the snapshots, the makeup mogul put on a casual display as she modeled a white tank top with a brown knit cardigan. 
Her effortlessly stylish look was elevated by dazzling diamonds and gold jewelry. 
The Diamonds hitmaker wore a sparkling tennis choker paired with a dainty pendant necklace featuring an exquisite emerald gem. 
She also sported various diamond stud and hoop earrings and similar, glistening rings on her fingers. 
While plugging her 2-in-1 face moisturizer and sunscreen, HydraVizor, she penned a note to her 151 million followers: 'Here's your reminder to put that sunscreen on baby!' 
In one adorable photo, the nine-time Grammy winner posed with and held up bottles of her peach tea-colored toner and her sunscreen to her face as she puckered her lips.
On Saturday, the 36-year-old singer took to Instagram to showcase her dewy, flawless skin while she encouraged her fans to wear sunscreen in the caption of her photo series
In one adorable photo, she posed with and held up bottles of her peach tea-colored toner and her sunscreen to her face as she puckered her lips
For the photoshoot, the Bajan bombshell went for a natural, elegant and effortless look with a casual-chic ensemble and her cool-toned blonde hair in a silky and straight style
Her post comes after her boyfriend, A$AP Rocky, gushed about her being a 'great mother' to their two children as well as a 'perfect' partner. The rapper, 35, also opened up about their parenting style and said they intend to give their sons, two-year-old RZA and one-year-old Riot, a normal childhood despite their fame and ten-digit net worth
Her post comes after her boyfriend, A$AP Rocky, gushed about her being a 'great mother' to their two children as well as a 'perfect' partner. 
'It's crazy how we find balance with our chaotic schedules,' the rapper, born Rakim Mayers, told Billboard in an article published on Thursday.
'I don't think there's a more perfect person because when the schedules are hectic, she's very understanding of that,' he added. 
'And when the schedule's freed up, that's when you get to spend [the] most time together,' he continued. 'It's all understanding and compatibility.' 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group