Jack Roskopp, Social Media Producer 
Published: May 6, 2024 at 8:11 AM
Jack Roskopp, Social Media Producer 
On the first Monday of May, A-list celebrities gather at the steps of the Metropolitan Museum of Art for the Met Gala, a fundraiser for the iconic museum that has turned into one of the most exclusive and talked about fashion runways in the world.
Invited celebrities show up to the Met Gala wearing couture gowns and suits while (hopefully) honoring the theme of the evening. Regardless if a celebrity is dressed on theme or not, it’s the place to be seen when it comes to high fashion and celebrity culture.
Recommended Videos
Rihanna, Kim Kardashian and Sarah Jessica Parker are just a few of the celebrities who attend the annual event, and the looks they show up in usually end up going viral. More is more at the Met Gala.
And while these rich and famous celebrities get dressed to the nines for this exclusive party, we at home watch the red carpet at home and only wonder what it would be like to walk the red carpet at the esteemed Met Gala. If only!
The Met Gala takes place on Monday, May 6 and the theme is “Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion” and dress code is “Garden of Time It will be interesting to see just how on theme some of the designers and celebrities will go, but regardless, it will be a feast for the eyes.
So in honor of the annual event, let’s take a look back at some Met Gala looks from year’s past that had our eyes wide open and jaws on the floor. Yes, these looks are that stunning and memorable.
Whenever I think of Rihanna at the Met Gala, this is the first look that comes to mind. And honesty, that’s saying a lot considering she knocks it out of the park every year she attends. The theme was “China: Through The Looking Glass,” and Rihanna made such a memorable impact with this entire concept and look.
2015 mst have been a good year, because Béyonce also killed it with that year’s theme. From the high pony tail to the sheer fabric of the dress, she looked absolutely stunning.
The Queen of Pop has made some questionable fashion moments at the last few Met Gala’s she has attended, but she really showed up in 2013 when the theme was “PUNK: Chaos to Coulture.” It was a fashionable choice for the theme, and one that Madonna has experimented in before. Way to go, Madge.
Kim Kardashian has had MANY memorable looks over the years at the Met Gala. She’s worn a dress once owne by Marilyn Monroe, worn a dress that made her look naked and walked the runway with Pete Davidson. Despite that, nothing was crazier than when she showed up in a Balenciaga gown that covered her from head to toe. Was it really her? Who cares! The insane moment instantly became iconic.
SJP attends almost every Met Gala, so she has a lot of fabulous looks to chose from. While there are many, the “Sex and the City” star looks most like herself in this gorgeous gown. Oscar de la Renta designed this cupcake of a gown.
When the theme for 2019 was camp, a lot of the attendees missed the mark. Camp is about being over-the-top and not afraid to reference. That’s why when Kacey Musgraves showed up to the Met dressed as a real life Barbie, she instantly became one of the best dressed that year.
Lady Gaga was one of the few other celebrities to play into the camp theme. While it would have great if she went just a little bit further, but she really did a wonderful job of being over-the-top and dramatic when she entered the red carpet. She basically made it her own show.
Her dress literally glowed. Obsessed!
We couldnt’ have this list without at least one man on it, and no man has looked sharper on the red carpet at the Met Gala than Chadwick Boseman in 2018. From the fit to staying on theme, he really looked fantastic that evening.
Billie Eilish has attended the last few Met Galas, and she really brings it every time. Her 2022 dress was giving Gilded Age drama as the theme was about American fashion.
Graham Media Group 2024
Jack is a Digital Content Editor with a degree in creative writing and French from Western Michigan University. He specializes in writing about movies, food and the latest TV shows.
email
Click here to take a moment and familiarize yourself with our Community Guidelines.
Recommended Videos
TV Listings
Email Newsletters
RSS Feeds
Contests and Rules
Contact Us
Careers at WDIV
Closed Captioning / Audio Description
Public File
Current EEO Report
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Do Not Sell My Info
FCC Applications
Cookie Preferences
If you need help with the Public File, call (313) 222-0566
At WDIV, we are committed to informing and delighting our audience. In our commitment to covering our communities with innovation and excellence, we incorporate Artificial Intelligence (AI) technologies to enhance our news gathering, reporting, and presentation processes. Read our article to see how we are using Artificial Intelligence.
Copyright © 2025 ClickOnDetroit.com is managed by Graham Digital and published by Graham Media Group, a division of Graham Holdings.