Sign up to our free email newsletter to receive the latest breaking news and daily roundups 
We have more newsletters
Sign up to our free email newsletter to receive the latest breaking news and daily roundups 
We have more newsletters
Princess Charlotte, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's second child, is the richest girl in the world. The young royal's estimated net worth is a staggering £3.9 billion.
This places her ahead of her brothers, Prince George and Prince Louis, as well as famous children like Blu Ivy Carter and North West, daughters of music powerhouses Jay-Z and Kanye West. Princess Charlotte's vast wealth comes from various sources and is expected to increase as she grows older and takes on a more prominent public role.
Prince George, the eldest sibling and future king, ranks second among wealthy children, while Prince Louis is ninth, with a 'mere' net worth of £97.9 million. A significant part of Princess Charlotte's net worth can be attributed to the "Kate effect", a term used to describe the Duchess of Cambridge's ability to boost the popularity and often the price of the clothes she wears.
Any fashion item Kate is seen wearing tends to sell out quickly, with a single photo of her in an outfit capable of changing a designer's future. Brand Finance research has named Kate "the most powerful royal fashion influencer", noting that items she wears see a 38 percent increase in desirability among American shoppers.
As the King's granddaughter, Princess Charlotte is set to inherit a significant fortune in the years to come. She also already has investments, business ventures, and considerable land holdings in her name.
Meanwhile, Prince George's net worth of £2.8 billion is surpasses third-placed Rza Athelston Mayers, Rihanna's son, by nearly £2 billion. It is reported that Prince George received an £18,000 gift from his grandfather, King Charles III, on his tenth birthday.
He is also thought to have inherited 133,000 acres of land across 23 UK counties at birth, known as the Duchy of Cornwall, a private estate valued at over £1 billion. Prince George will take control of the estate once his father, Prince William, ascends to the throne.