By
Chris Piner
Taking over the UBS Arena in New York City, the music industry will celebrate another year in music with the MTV Video Music Awards. Although looking to honor singers and their contributions to music, the night also marked the 40th anniversary of the MTV VMAs. And with singers like Taylor Swift and Katy Perry looking to make history, the night is sure to be full of memorable moments and dazzling performances. For those who might be on the fence about watching tonight’s VMAs, here are six moments that are sure to make tonight’s awards the must-watch event. 
No show would be complete without a host. And for tonight’s VMAs, the hosting duties will go to Megan Thee Stallion. While thrilled about the opportunity, the singer recently released her newest album Megan which included songs like “Mamushi” and “Hiss”. Besides hosting, Stallion also holds five nominations for the night. And with her ongoing feud with Nicki Minaj still playing out, who knows if Stallion will address the drama. 
Making a return to the MTV VMAs, Eminem is set to kick off the awards with the opening performance. It doesn’t matter what slot he performs in, when Eminem takes the stage, it is sure to be a memorable performance. The last time the rapper opened the MTV VMAs was back in 2010 when he performed “Love the Way You Lie” alongside Rihanna. Eminem did return in 2022 to perform with Snoop Dogg, but tonight is special given the rapper released his The Death of Slim Shady (Coup de Grâce) back in July. 
[RELATED: 2024 MTV VMAs Honor Families and Victims of 9/11 After Show Is Rescheduled on the 23rd Anniversary]
Although a part of American Idol for several years, Katy Perry made her triumphant return to the music industry with songs like “Woman’s World.” And not slowing down, she will release her newest album, 143, on September 20th. Continuing to expand her career in the music industry, Perry will be honored at the MTV VMAs with the Video Vanguard award. Having left her mark in music with songs like “Roar” and “California Gurls”, Perry will join past winners like Rihanna, Pink, and Nicki Minaj. Besides receiving the Video Vanguard award, Perry is scheduled to also give a heartwarming performance. 
Not only wanting to celebrate the new wave of music, the MTV VMAs hoped to remember its past. With icons like LL Cool J and Def Jam Recordings helping shine a light on the rap genre, executive producer Bruce Gillmer revealed the production rehearsed with him for a tribute performance. “He’s a legendary MTV artist returning to the stage to celebrate a milestone of one of hip-hop’s most groundbreaking labels: Def Jam.” Watching LL Cool J return to the stage is sure to be memorable, but according to Gillmer, “He may even bring some friends along.” 
While wanting to honor the past, the MTV VMAs will also embrace the future as they welcome stars like Chappell Roan and Sabrina Carpenter to the stage to perform. For Roan, the singer captivated headlines over recent weeks with her discussing her stalker, new album, and the support she received from other stars. Add that with songs like “Hot To Go!” and Roan is sure to make her time on the MTV stage worthwhile. Other performers throughout the night will include Lenny Kravitz, Lisa, Shawn Mendes, and Camila Cabello.
Outside the special performances and tributes, most eyes are on Taylor Swift. Last year, Swift walked out of the VMAs with nine awards. That placed her total at 23. The only person to have more is Beyonce, who holds 30. And looking at the list of nominations, Swift leads the night with 12. If Swift wins seven of the 12, she will tie with Beyonce, but if she walks out with eight or more, she could become the most-awarded musician in VMA history. 
With the MTV VMAs making and honoring history, don’t miss the event kicking off at 8:00 p.m. ET/PT on MTV, CMT, VH1, and many others.
(Photo by Bryan Bedder/Getty Images for MTV)
Only members can comment. Become a member. Already a member? Log in.
Why Eric Church Thinks Morgan Wallen’s Chair-Throwing Arrest Was “Actually A Good Thing”
The Forgotten Genius of Judee Sill: Folk Music’s Sacred Rebel
Why Tony Iommi Changed His Mind About the Black Sabbath Reunion

			© 2025 American Songwriter			American Songwriter: a Savage Ventures Brand