After turning Nike heels into sporty heels for the club season after season, Ancuta Sarca has added some new albeit familiar names to its heel-fication to-do list: Clarks and Crocs.
Ancuta Sarca returned to London Fashion Week to debut its Spring/Summer 2025 presentation, which saw the brand lean into the office siren aesthetic while maintaining its sexy performance wear vibe.
So, what exactly does one wear in Ancuta Sarca's sexed-up, sporty office? Think: micro mini work skirts and sleeveless tailored tops paired with shiny silver heels equipped with crisp white collars or snakeskin loafers reworked with velcro straps.
Ancuta Sarca also teamed up with Clarks for its SS25 presentation, transforming its famous and trendy Wallabee shoes into chic point-toe heels.
Particularly, Ancuta Sarca's pink Clarks heels borrow the Wallabee's signature suede and stitching for the uppers. Ancuta Sarca's signature mesh moments then wrap the tongue, speaking to the brand's love for sportswear and hybrid designs.
Oh! And before I forget: Ancuta Sarca's Clarks heels even feature the unmistakable Clarks fobs hanging on the side.
Ancuta Sarca's SS25 presentation finishes with a Crocs collaboration, in which the eponymous label reworks models like Crocs Stomp clogs and Siren heels.
The Ancuta Sarca Crocs shine in refreshing velvet-like textures, feisty feline-patterned linings, and lustrous silver buckles. Each piece is naturally complete with shiny Ancuta Sarca badges, as seen in the designer's previous works co-signed by style icons like Rihanna and Doja Cat.
Ancuta Sarca's footwear also got Charli XCX's brat approval this summer.
Well, if the corporatecore craze keeps gaining steam, it's safe to say Ancuta Sarca's collared footwear will be the leader of the office siren army next spring.
Titel Media GmbH (Highsnobiety), is committed to facilitating and improving the accessibility and usability of its Website, www.highsnobiety.com. Titel Media GmbH strives to ensure that its Website services and content are accessible to persons with disabilities including users of screen reader technology. To accomplish this, Titel Media GmbH tests, remediates and maintains the Website in-line with the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG), which also bring the Website into conformance with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990.
Please be aware that our efforts to maintain accessibility and usability are ongoing. While we strive to make the Website as accessible as possible some issues can be encountered by different assistive technology as the range of assistive technology is wide and varied.
If, at any time, you have specific questions or concerns about the accessibility of any particular webpage on this Website, please contact us at accessibility@highsnobiety.com, +49 (0)30 235 908 500. If you do encounter an accessibility issue, please be sure to specify the web page and nature of the issue in your email and/or phone call, and we will make all reasonable efforts to make that page or the information contained therein accessible for you.