Jenny Johnson is the top boss at Franklin Templeton, which acquired Boston fund manager Putnam Investments over the past year. Since 1988, she has led all business areas — including doing a brief stint in the mailroom as a high-schooler — within the $1.6 trillion asset manager. Johnson took the top job in 2020 and is based in the Bay Area.
With the economy and markets in flux, here are three things on her mind:
What’s your view on inflation?
At Franklin Templeton, we have 12 specialist investment managers, each with their own unique view on the economy. But in my personal view, inflation’s been harder to curb than the Fed anticipated. It’s stickier. And I think if we see the Fed move rates, it’s going to be towards the end of ‘24.
Advertisement
There’s not enough conversation around the tenure and the size of US debt. You’ve gone from $9 trillion in 2007 to more than $33 trillion [in 2023] and adding $1.5 [trillion] to $2 trillion a year. You need buyers of that debt. Japan’s the largest foreign holder with $1.1 trillion, China’s at $800 billion, but neither is buying more. So that leaves US corporations, insurance companies, and the Fed to basically buy the long end of the curve. I think they will, but the question is at what price.
What’s in store for Bitcoin and other disruptive technologies? (Franklin Templeton launched a Bitcoin exchange-traded fund this year.)
The reality is that, for example, in 2022, there were $8 trillion transactions done on Bitcoin, $6 trillion on Visa, and $2.5 trillion on MasterCard. Bitcoin’s the currency in two countries and more are talking about it. So whether you like it or not, I think Bitcoin’s here to stay.
Advertisement
Blockchain technology itself is going to be significant in three ways: One, it’ll democratize access to traditional investments. Two, it’s going to allow democratized access to alternative markets for all the same reasons — you can take smaller chunks and at a fraction of the cost create a liquid market. And finally, it’s opening up new investment opportunities. For example, Rihanna came out with her NFT [non-fungible token] which is worth 0.0033 percent royalty on one of her songs. You buy that token and when Spotify plays that song the smart contract knows exactly how to pay you royalty. Think about how that can open up other kinds of cultural assets.
How’s the integration of Putnam Investments going?
We couldn’t be happier: Putnam assets have grown over $30 billion to $150 billion. Its sales have risen 30 percent. And I think one of the things I’m most proud of is that we welcomed almost 1,000 Putnam employees into Franklin Templeton.
Boston has always been a key location hub for asset managers, so it’s really nice to have a footprint there. We’re thrilled to have our new office space at 100 Federal Street. We’re moving our Benefit Street Partners into that location in August and it’ll be one of our biggest hubs in the US. It’s also bringing great products to defined contribution [retirement], where we were underrepresented. We’re doing a lot of work in the DC channel particularly so target date funds can gain access to private markets.
Advertisement
We’re sponsoring both the Celtics and Patriots. And with the Celtics in the playoffs, there couldn’t be a better time to be a sponsor.
Suchita Nayar can be reached at suchita.nayar@globe.com.
Digital Access
Home Delivery
Gift Subscriptions
Log In
Manage My Account
Customer Service
Delivery Issues
Feedback
News Tips
Help & FAQs
Staff List
Advertise
Newsletters
View the ePaper
Order Back Issues
News in Education
Search the Archives
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Terms of Purchase
Work at Boston Globe Media
Internship Program
Co-op Program
Do Not Sell My Personal Information