‘Tis the season for festive footwear.
Martha Stewart’s been practically living in her Skechers collaboration this season, even hitting the red carpet (and meeting Rihanna) at November’s Footwear News Achievement Awards wearing her Pier-Lite My Reflection Wedges.
As Stewart shared on Instagram last month, the sparkling shoes are a perfect fit for any holiday party — and right now, they’re on sale for 40% off.
“I like to put my signature touch on any entertaining I do, and that includes my holiday ensembles,” Stewart captioned a shot of herself wearing her mocha-hued pair with a camel-colored sweater and slim navy pants.
“My @Skechers x Martha Stewart wedges will shine at any Thanksgiving get together.”
Featuring a rhinestone-embellished mesh knit upper, wedge midsole and memory foam insole, the shimmering sneaks are also sold in taupe, navy, black and off-white.
Stewart’s Skechers collection also includes boots like the Pier-Lite Fall Stunner ($95), which includes a similar wedge sole along with a Scotchgard-treated suede upper and shimmering folded collar.
Since first teaming up with Skechers in 2022, Stewart’s starred in several campaigns, in addition to collaborating on new launches.
“I have a pair of Skechers in every car,” the octogenarian icon told People in 2023.
“When I get out of an event at night where I had to wear a nice pair of high heels, I get in the car and immediately take my shoes off and put on my Skechers,” she added. “They’re so lightweight that I can put my feet up on the dashboard.”
This article was written by Hannah Southwick, Commerce Writer/Reporter for Page Six Style. Hannah spies deals on actually affordable celebrity-worn styles, puts Hollywood’s favorite labels to the test and finds the beauty products that keep stars red carpet-ready. She consults stylists and industry pros — including celebs themselves — for firsthand product recommendations, trend predictions and more. In addition to writing for Page Six since 2020, her work has been featured in USA Today and Parade.