Chris Brown will perform in Birmingham during "The 11:11 Tour."Charles Sykes/Invision/AP
In 2017, Chris Brown released “Welcome to My Life,” an autobiographical documentary and discussed his felony assault charge against then-girlfriend Rihanna and prison term. The Grammy-winning R&B singer, rapper, dancer, actor and entrepreneur seemingly wants to put that behind him and is bringing his 11:11 Tour to Birmingham in July.
Instead, Brown prefers to focus on the music that overtook Elvis Presley as the artist with the most Billboard 100 entries.
Birmingham, Ala. | Legacy Arena
Fans in Alabama can find tickets on the secondary market for the July 11 show at Legacy Arena at the Birmingham Jefferson Civic Center. At the time of this writing, they could be found on Ticketmaster | StubHub | Vivid Seats | SeatGeek.
Brown’s hits include “Go Crazy,” “No Guidance,” “Turn Up the Music,” “Loyal” and “Forever.” He is the tenth most certified artist in RIAA single history. He also has totaled over 74 million sales.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices