From Zendaya's Dune tour stunners to Jennifer Lawrence's maternity style
In a year of big movies, big shows, big songs, big tours, and big cultural moments, the red carpet offered its own glamorous hit parade. Some of our favorite celebrities (and their intrepid stylists) made bold choices and even bolder statements, transforming awards shows and press tours into opportunities to explore exciting new territory in a mix of fresh-off-the-runway, custom, and archival looks that let their individual sensibilities and personalities shine. 
There was Zendaya paying homage to Cher in vintage Bob Mackie at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, Taylor Russell in exquisitely draped custom Loewe at the Venice Film Festival, Rihanna in a sleek white Alaia shirt dress at the FNAA Achievement Awards, and Greta Lee’s entire Past Lives awards-season tour—just to name a few. Below, the best and most memorable red-carpet looks of 2024.
Working with stylist Danielle Goldberg, Greta Lee became one of this award season’s fashion darlings, taking center stage in several stunners from Loewe. She also gives good gala, appearing at the LACMA Art+Film gala in November in a black gown from The Row.
Taylor Russell was the ultimate swan on the red carpet this year with help from stylist Jahleel Weaver. At the Venice Film Festival, she dropped jaws in an archival gown from Chanel’s Spring/Summer 1993 Couture collection, originally worn on the runway by supermodel Claudia Schiffer.
Zendaya took 2024 by storm with a striking lineup of red carpet looks curated by her longtime creative partner Law Roach—from her elegant Armani Privé statement gown at the Oscars to the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame, where she paid homage to Cher in archival Bob Mackie.
Tilda Swinton's style is consistently spot on. She stunned in a purple Chanel couture suit, and punctuated Alaïa’s white jersey dress with the perfect turquoise pump at the Venice Film Festival.
Another Danielle Goldberg client, Ayo Edebiri turned up the heat in Bottega Veneta's sequins and made headlines in Louis Vuitton's black leather bubble at the Emmy Awards.
Kendall Jenner had the ultimate lineup of sexy show-stoppers. Sophisticated gowns from Maison Margiela, Schiaparelli, and archival Alexander McQueen’s Givenchy were all big hits.
Chloë Sevigny is fashion's cool girl, wearing a mini from Phoebe Philo and fresh-off-the-runway Saint Laurent with equal ease.
At awards shows and the Wicked press tour, Michelle Yeoh proved women over 50 rule the red carpet this year. She was radiant an off-the-shoulder Balenciaga couture with a stunning feather pin at Cannes, and looked effortlessly chic in a fringe Bottega Veneta strapless dress. 
Danielle Deadwyler was pure glamor in a white ruffled Chanel couture coat dress, head-to-toe beaded Alexander McQueen, and a perfectly pink velvet Prada. 
Hunter Schafer had an incredible red carpet year thanks to her fruitful relationship with stylist Dara. She stunned at Cannes in a lavender Armani Privé and at the Golden Globes in custom pink organza Prada.
With the help of her stylist Jamie Mizrahi this year, Jennifer Lawrence redefined pregnancy fashion on the red carpet, elegantly showing off her baby bump in Bottega Veneta at the Governors Awards. 
What the Met’s Latest Fashion Exhibition Can Teach
Jacquemus Goes Bananas for Jon Gries in New Shoot
I Swear This Cardigan Transcends Seasons
The 25 Best Met Gala Dresses of All Time
How to Get the Dandy Look
The Looks We’d Love to See at the Met Gala
(RED) Gets Ready to Turn 20
7 Best Asics Shoes for Walking
Chanel and Friends Pay Tribute to Motherhood
10 Gifts for the Most Important Gems: Moms
Why We Still Love Princess Diana (and Her Style)
5 Sneaker Trends Defining Spring 2025
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.