As we approached the year 2000, many believed we'd enter a futuristic world filled with flying cars, holograms, and teleportation devices (we checked some of these boxes later). Instead, we got something much better. January 1, 2000, wasn't just the beginning of a new year — it was the dawn of an entirely new century, a new attitude, a new era of fashion. 
Low-rise jeans, velour sweatsuits, and baby tees ruled the scene in the early 2000s, establishing a style the fashion industry dubbed “Y2K.” The Y2K era also blessed us with some of the most iconic (and most stylish) performance shoes, now even bigger fashion statements than 20 years ago. 
Like in 2004, Nike is right again at the center 20 years later. Classic technical sneakers, a.k.a “dad shoes,” are all the rage in fashion again, thrusting the sportswear label’s most iconic running silhouettes back into the spotlight. 
"With Nike being at the forefront of casual, athletic, and pop culture in the late '90s and early 2000s, the brand became synonymous with this Y2K aesthetic. Nike epitomizes how to dress casually cool,” says Rihanna Matthews, Highsnobiety Strategist in Buying and Curation and stylist behind Nike’s newest campaign by Zalando and Highsnobiety. 
“When it came to the styling of the campaign, we leaned into contrasts that highlight the era’s blend of functionality and fun, to create outfits that feel timely wearable for consumers today while also being undeniably nostalgic. From imagining how someone from the early 2000s might envision future fashion, we wanted to capture looks that are sleek, a tad playful and tech-inspired. We wanted each outfit to feel like it was from a not-too-distant past but also grounded in how the Y2K trend is and can be worn today.”
Looks from the campaign undoubtedly feel like today and yesterday, blending fashion’s current obsessions like techwear, the Y2K renaissance, and Nike’s latest and greatest sneakers. Notice how a techy Nike skirt meets a classic corset top for one outfit, paired with retro thick knee-high socks and Nike’s new toughly-built Vomero Roam sneakers. The ‘fit easily passes the vibe check in 2024 as it would in 2004, down to the Nike sneakers.  
Nike’s original Vomero sneaker debuted in 2006 as a long-distance running shoe specially crafted with Nike’s renowned cushioning. With Y2K-flavored dad shoes quite literally running the current sneaker game, Nike’s Zoom Vomero 5 is the main character of sneaker rotations (NBA icon LeBron James crowned the Vomero as a certified staple in his household). 
The latest Nike Zoom Vomero borrows its looks from the OG Vomero, maintaining its techy design, except now as a more get-up-and-go, everyday shoe. Nike has kept the Vomero looking stylish with trendy colorways, including shiny metallic spins which transports wearers back to the shoe’s heyday. 
“What I like most about the Zoom Vomero is that it has this super technical, retro-futuristic look to it, with some hints of 2000s running in there, and it's usually seen with lots of subtle metallic elements and visible tech features, which feel very futuristic in an early-2000s way, which makes it very much in line with that era's design ethos,” explains Matthews. 
The sportswear giant has also devised entirely new renditions of the Vomero, showcasing the brand’s strong grip on the latest trends. For instance, the all-new Zoom Vomero Roam surfaces as a winterized remake of the OG Vomero. Think of the Vomero’s famed comfort, now ready for whatever weather. 
The iconic Vomero sneaker remains at the core, now wrapped up in an incredibly rugged design that's ready to, well, roam. The Vomero Roam features a layered, water-repellent design, including rubberized details, for protection against Mother Nature's elements. Most notably, the sneaker boasts an upgraded chunky sole made of HART (High Abrasion Rubber Tech), which may sound heavy but is actually pretty lightweight. However, just because it's lighter than it looks doesn't mean it's less tough. The Vomero Roam is incredibly durable. 
Some other highlights of the Vomero Roam include its convenient toggle laces plus its thermal lining and closed seams for extra warmth during those more colder days. Finally, the newest Nike shoe caps off with the groundbreakingly grippy Waffle outsole, infusing the outdoorsy sneaker with even more Nike running heritage. 
The Vomero Roam effortlessly blends Nike's running DNA with today's gorpcore craze. Nike even presents the all-new shoe in a range of outdoor-ready colorways so fans can look good during their adventures, even if it's just to kick it at the local pub with friends. 
With the Y2K renaissance in full swing, Nike has also pushed other early 2000s icons, like the rebellious Nike Shox TL. 
The Shox’s design remains just as daring today as it was in 2003 when it debuted. The Nike Shox TL again boasts traditional mesh base layers and molded overlays for an incredibly breathable yet snug upper. Most importantly, the model revives Nike’s remarkable Shox technology, promising not only its definitive comfort and bounce but that wildly futuristic design that will forever look ahead of its time. 
“The Shox TL is a more statement choice, especially in the louder colourways. Its signature spring-loaded platform heel is, of course, the more dominant design element, and also my favorite part. This pair also feels extremely retro in the most modern way possible,” notes Matthews. 
Like many of us, Matthews deeply appreciates the Shox TL’s blend of functionality and style. For the campaign, she styles the beloved Nike sneaker with pieces oozing practicality, stylishness, and of course, Y2K charm. One ‘fit sees the Shox paired with an 00s-coded leather moto jacket and sharply tailored Nike Tech Fleece trousers. On the other hand, another ensemble takes the classic all-black route, elevated by the Shox’s irresistibly striking presence.
Matthews hails Nike’s Shox TL as a trusty sneaker that’s sure to take a simple outfit to the next level. “It's comfortable enough for everyday wear and has a design that stands out without completely overpowering your look.”
Matthews adds, "I remember seeing them when I was back in high school and was really drawn to their unique heel structure — it kind of hit the spot for the time, and now wearing them is almost like paying homage to that iconic era, with a bit of irony in the best sort of way."
Performance shoes, especially Nikes, have always walked a fine line between function and fashion. However, the latest sneakers have married the two for footwear that’s more stylish than ever but remains true to their sporty history. Nike has perfected this union with its latest sneakers, which are also blasts from the past. The timeless designs may look ready for a quick mile run, but they're now more worthy of a chic brunch with the girls on any given weekend. 
"As the lines between fashion and being active have blurred almost completely, Nike has done a really good job of making sneakers that don't sacrifice comfort or tech but still live in our most loved outfits," Matthews says. "It's a fusion that works incredibly well in today's fashion world where utility and aesthetics are equally important. The performance elements keep the brand's authenticity, while the style aspect keeps them relevant."
Discover more about Nike's latest campaign by Zalando and Highsnobiety here. 
This item is temporarily unavailable in your region due to US tariffs impact.
Titel Media GmbH (Highsnobiety), is committed to facilitating and improving the accessibility and usability of its Website, www.highsnobiety.com. Titel Media GmbH strives to ensure that its Website services and content are accessible to persons with disabilities including users of screen reader technology. To accomplish this, Titel Media GmbH tests, remediates and maintains the Website in-line with the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG), which also bring the Website into conformance with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990.
Please be aware that our efforts to maintain accessibility and usability are ongoing. While we strive to make the Website as accessible as possible some issues can be encountered by different assistive technology as the range of assistive technology is wide and varied.
If, at any time, you have specific questions or concerns about the accessibility of any particular webpage on this Website, please contact us at accessibility@highsnobiety.com, +49 (0)30 235 908 500. If you do encounter an accessibility issue, please be sure to specify the web page and nature of the issue in your email and/or phone call, and we will make all reasonable efforts to make that page or the information contained therein accessible for you.