Let Retail Dive's free newsletter keep you informed, straight from your inbox.
                    
                
            
The brand, dubbed Pink Friday Nails, allows customers to customize the length, shape and design of the products.
Minaj spent more than a year developing Pink Friday Nails, which the company says are vegan and cruelty free. The brand seeks to disrupt the nail press-on market by offering professionally designed nails that are moderately priced.
"When I became a mom, I couldn't spend as much time getting my nails done as when I only had to worry about me, so it became a necessity to create fly, quality press-on nails," Minaj, founder of Pink Friday Nails, said in a statement. "I told my team when we started Pink Friday Nails that if I don't want to wear them, I'm not going to even attempt to sell them because our customers aren't stupid.”
Pink Friday Nails is another in a long list of celebrity-backed brands to launch in the past few years. Among them are Rihanna’s Savage x Fenty and Fenty Beauty brands, Kim Kardashian’s Skims and Jennifer Aniston’s LolaVie hair care brand.
Celebrity-backed brands are becoming increasingly popular: nearly 60% of celebrity retail brands were founded in the last six years, according to a report last year from JLL. And 53% of celebrity brands are in the beauty category, per the report.
Similar to other global celebrities, Minaj reaches an enormous base of followers and potential customers through her social media platforms. Her Instagram account has some 229 million followers. She also has over 20 million followers on TikTok. The Pink Friday Nails Instagram page has quickly surpassed 98,000 followers.
Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts
The intense pressure to end diversity initiatives has led companies to scrutinize their policies. Many will end up making them stronger.
It could be an attempt to broaden revenue streams, plot the location of a future store or, at its simplest, take advantage of a good deal.
Subscribe to Retail Dive for top news, trends & analysis
Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts
The intense pressure to end diversity initiatives has led companies to scrutinize their policies. Many will end up making them stronger.
It could be an attempt to broaden revenue streams, plot the location of a future store or, at its simplest, take advantage of a good deal.
The free newsletter covering the top industry headlines