You’re working off very little information, but that seems to be the theme of the night. You text your friends frantically, prying for an ounce of info that will be the missing puzzle piece. They give you a left corner piece. There’s no shaping or shifting that could solve this jigsaw, when all you blurrily remember was doing the Irish Jig with a man named Joe. But you did not know Joe and it was not an Irish holiday — it was a Tuesday night turned too turnt. 
As you call the bar asking if they’ve found the purse you misplaced the night before, your friends call you back one by one, divulging bits and pieces of the night that make you understand less than you did before — except for the part about stopping for the burrito. That makes sense. You contemplate your life for a whole 19 minutes, give or take 31 seconds, until it's too-late-to-rot o’clock and you must reconnect with nature. Connecting your AirPods to your phone you failed to plug in last night, you pump this playlist through your veins to fight the hangxiety demons.
“Cigarette Daydreams” — Cage the Elephant
You may not be standing in the pouring rain — in fact, it is 65 and far too sunny out — but you are indeed looking for answers. Continuing to pet random leaves as you walk, sighing heavily, you begin to wonder if maybe last night is your “reason to change.” Coughing intermittently, you recall the three cigs you smoked with a random man, because every time alcohol enters your body, it’s impossible not to let the European fantasies take over.  
“We Found Love” — Rihanna feat. Calvin Harris
This sultry selection is to feed into your delusions. You fell in love in a hopeless place? Girl, you met a 5’6 blonde man at Kip's. 
“Falling Down” — XXXTentacion
Yes, that is what I was doing last night! And there’s photo proof! How exciting. 
If you didn’t have a teenage brother in 2018 who was experiencing his first heartbreak, you may not associate this song with shower meltdowns and sulking beneath the infamous red LED lights. So maybe you didn’t just get broken up with, but after last night, there is a grave possibility you may have broken something in that fall on your walk home. Your shattered tailbone does not compare to the state of your ego as you recall how many sidewalk spectators saw your wipeout. 
“Don’t Tell My Mom” — Reneé Rapp 
Ms. Rapp echoes the “I’m just a girl” anthem, reinforcing the “For the Plot” mentality uncountable questionable decisions have bred from. Although you may have racked up quite a tab on your mom’s credit card, you might as well find some joy in imagining her shock at the numerous Ubers you took with the drunkards you bonded with in the bathroom.
“East Side of Sorrow” — Zach Bryan 
As the country star and Veteran belts "Boy, you're gonna fight a war,” we know how he feels: In this moment, you are the sickly human equating fighting your hangover with going into active combat. This tune — fit for country music lovers and skeptics alike — is the equivalent of a green juice or Sunday service following a sinful Saturday night. On the worst of the morning afters, your dire solution is to cosplay as a southern girl, with a lust for God and her country. Bryan restores my faith in the God I hungoverly contemplate in my considerably agnostic world. “The sun will rise again tomorrow,” and you will too – with a mouth drier than the Sahara desert and a raging headache. 
So, pop those headphones and Advil in and “Let it be and let it go.”
We're an independent student-run newspaper, and need your support to maintain our coverage.
Join our weekly newsletter!
CHECK OUT OUR MOST RECENT PRINT EDITION
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: