By Milt Harris ——Bio and Archives--February 21, 2024
American Politics, News |  CFP Comments | Reader Friendly | Subscribe | Email Us
I recently wrote a column about a mayor that was upset when the governor of his state described two teens that had shot twenty-three people, killing one, as thugs. In that column, the mayor who is black, was trying to suggest that the term thug was a racial stereotype and was only used to describe blacks. I refuted that and wrote that the very idea was totally ridiculous. 
Thugs come in every shape, size and color and have never been limited to a certain racial group. That said, it doesn’t exclude any racial groups either. You also don’t have to kill or shoot someone to be a thug. You can exhibit the traits through a variety of ways. Intimidation of any type can properly label you as a thug.
Now, meet the thug mayor of Dolton, Illinois, Tiffany Henyard. For the record, Henyard is black, but she is not considered a thug because of her race. She is a thug because of her actions and her attitude.
If there was ever a case of power going to a person’s head, it’s Henyard. From her extravagant manner of dress and heavy makeup that some have described as looking like a “gangsta,” or a drug kingpin, to her unbridled spending, she is an out-of-control thug.
Having been elected in 2021, it didn’t take long to grow tired of her. As noted by Ballotpedia, Henyard, a Democrat, was subjected to a recall in 2022. Even though the vote was in favor of recalling her, the results, which would have removed her, were ruled invalid.
Her abuse of power is disgusting. According to the New York Post.
During one meeting, Henyard, 40, dressed in the ensemble, signaled for a DJ to blare Rihanna’s “# Better Have My Money” as she sashayed around the room to underline a point, she was making sources said.
According to the Chicago Tribune. Henyard committed to the character, carrying a small stuffed dog to evoke a scene from the 1991 crime classic, where Nino menaces and batters an underling.
As nauseating as all of this is, she also takes her thuggery to the streets. Lawrence Gardner, 57, said Henyard forced his business to close when he would not duplicate an initial $3,500 contribution to her campaign fund.
Gardner said fake claims of selling alcohol and revocation of his business license followed his refusal to pay out more cash.
The former Dolton Mayor Riley Rogers, said it’s not just the attitude, but the spending that’s a concern. The village is estimated to be $6 million in debt.
Rogers spoke about they way he feels about this, saying:
Sherry Britton, a resident of the village, states that she is sorry she ever voted for Henyard.
Earlier this month, a bank said the village was so far behind on its payments it threatened to repossess all 13 village vehicles, including its police cars, according to WGN-TV. Trustees said they had approved the payment, but it was not made until the bank threatened.
Henyard also thinks that being black can be used to shame other blacks into agreeing with her, never hesitating to chastise her critics on the grounds of race. At a February 5th meeting she ranted:
The New York Post interviewed one resident that gave a very accurate description of the situation with Henyard as mayor.
Henyard is a power-hungry thug, that is using this town for her own benefit. She needs to be recalled and the judge that didn’t allow it in 2022 needs to be disbarred.
As far as Dolton is concerned, wake up and stop being naïve. More directly, stop voting lying, liberal, Democrats into office. They’re wolves in sheep’s clothing, so stop beating your head against the wall because it feels good when you stop.
View Comments
Milt spent thirty years as a sales and operations manager for an international manufacturing company. He is also a four-time published author on a variety of subjects. Now, he spends most of his time researching and writing about conservative politics and liberal folly.
Link, Bookmark, Share, Subscribe, Donate
Pursuant to Title 17 U.S.C. 107, other copyrighted work is provided for educational purposes, research, critical comment, or debate without profit or payment. If you wish to use copyrighted material from this site for your own purposes beyond the 'fair use' exception, you must obtain permission from the copyright owner. Views are those of authors and not necessarily those of Canada Free Press.
Content is Copyright 1997-2024--the individual authors | Site Copyright 1997-2024 Canada Free Press | Privacy Statement