Makeup Revolution is selling a new highlighter - and shoppers are comparing it to a popular Fenty version. The new product is significantly cheaper than the highlighter made by Rihanna’s brand. Makeup Revolution is a budget UK makeup line that's managed to win cult status among beauty lovers for its trend-led offerings. It is also known for its affordable and viral dupe-worthy products.
The Beam Bright Highlighter is priced at £6.99 and beauty fans are raving about, with many pointing out its similarities to the £32 Fenty Beauty Highlighter. Shoppers have been praising the product since its release in December 2023.
The full product description reads: “Make your skin glow like it’s golden hour with the Revolution Beam Bright Highlighters: A luxurious silky powder that melts into the skin like a liquid. This unique fluid formula creates a soft luminous glow to the dimensions of the skin.”
Likening the Diamond Glow shade to the Fenty Beauty Diamond Bomb All-Over Diamond Veil on TikTok, which costs £25 more, one person commented: “Fenty beauty dupe??” Another said: “It’s giving Fenty beauty, I need to try this.” A third added: “It's going to be a highlighter that blows my mind” And a fourth said: “These highlighters are absolutely stunning”.
However, on the Makeup Revolution website, one customer called Nicci, said: "This is not a good highlighter does not have any beam or glow to it waste of money. Very disappointed." The Revolution highlighter is available in five shades: Rose Lustre, Pink Seduction, Bronze Baddie, Golden Gal, and Diamond Glow and aims to enhance any skin tone, giving a “natural luminous glow.”
Revolution’s Beam Bright Highlighters are priced at £6.99 and are available here. The Fenty Beauty Diamond Bomb All-Over Diamond Veil is priced at £32. This means shoppers could save around £25 by opting for the Makeup Revolution dupe. 
Alternatively, you can get the Bobbi Brown Highlighting Powder, in various shades, for £20.80 on Look Fantastic. There's also the e.l.f. Halo Glow Highlight Beauty Wand on Amazon for £9.
If you’re a lover of dupes, Primark is currently selling £3.50 earrings which look very similar to Bottega Veneta’s £520 drop earrings, as well as the Party Black Diamante Bow Bag for £8. The bag looks very similar to the £250 Bow Micro in Black with Diamante from designer brand Self Portrait.