Summer may be on its way out, but we still have one final celebration before fall arrives. Labor Day weekend is here and we couldn't be more excited about all the beauty deals happening over the long weekend.
There's no better time than now to give your makeup bag and skincare regimen a refresh. The Fenty Beauty Labor Day sale is overflowing with best-selling skincare, makeup, and value sets for up to 60% off. Now's your chance to stock up on lipsticks, mascara, foundation, eye cream, cleansers and other beauty essentials.
Shop the Fenty Beauty Sale
Fenty Beauty is a go-to for versatile makeup that can create every type of look from an everyday, natural-looking glow to a head-turning glam showstopper. Rihanna prioritizes inclusivity in her brand and her products are offered in an expansive range of shades to fit every skin tone — Fenty foundations are always available in 50 shades. 
There's currently more than 100 discounted products to choose from and as always, all orders come with free shipping when you create an account. To save you time, we've rounded up the best Rihanna-approved products to add to your fall routine. Keep scrolling to shop the best Fenty Beauty Labor Day deals before the limited-time sale ends.
This isn't an average highlighter, friends. The cream-and-powder hybrid Killawatt Highlighter packs a punch in glow. Offered in two singles and five duos, shades range from bold metallic gold to subtle champagne color. 
$40 $28
If you want to get rid of the puffiness and dark circles around your eyes, here's the perfect Fenty Skin product to help.
$42 $21
Give your lashes a boost with this volumizing mascara solution. The do-it-all mascara with an exclusive flat-to-fat brush instantly volumizes, lifts, lengthens, and curls.
$24 $10
Bursting with Barbados Cherry, Fruit Enzymes and Caffeine, this gentle daily face scrub melts into a cushiony lather to get your skin brightened, energized and refined.
$29 $20
This liquid lipstick delivers intense color and long-lasting staying power while feeling lightweight. Rihanna recently wore the shade Underdawg to the 2021 Met Gala.
$29 $22
This matte lipstick is anything but drying with a creamy, comfortable formula and precise doe-foot applicator.
$29 $15
Fenty's light-as-air longwear powder foundation is ideal for light-to-full coverage with a soft matte finish.
$40 $24
Gloss Bomb Cream Color delivers amazing shine and smooth, shimmer-free color to the lips. Choose from five shades and get 50% off.
$22 $11
Indulge in a spa-worthy experience right at home. Fenty Beauty's body scrub with fruit enzymes and nourishing oils gently and effectively exfoliates.
$34 $20
Celebrate summer with these top 2024 Labor Day Sales. Shop mattress deals, discounts on grills, luggage sales and much more ahead of Labor Day Weekend.
RELATED CONTENT:
Sponsored by EltaMD
Sales & Deals
Beauty & Wellness
Sales & Deals
Sales & Deals
Beauty & Wellness