Liam Payne pointed at the camera in haunting final footage taken just before his death. The ITV The X Factor star sang a One Direction song in a heartbreaking final TikTok video days before his death aged just 31 in Buenos Aires in Argentina.
Liam posted a picture with girlfriend Kate Cassidy before his death and it was taken days before the tragic fall. But in a separate video, Liam performed a snippet of the song 18 as part of a fun blind karaoke session.
Among the tracks he sang were Michael Jackson's Off The Wall, AC/DC's Back In Black and Rihanna's Umbrella. As the first notes of the 1D song played, Liam's eyes lit up and said: "Oh, I better know the words to this." He then sang: "I got a heart and I got a soul, believe me, I will use them both."
READ MORE TMZ issues major update after publishing Liam Payne dead body photos
The X Factor said Payne will “leave a lasting legacy on the music industry” in a tribute posted on social media following his death. The singer rose to fame after appearing on the singing competition, first when he was aged 14 and then two years later when he was placed into the boy band One Direction.
“We are heartbroken by the sad passing of Liam Payne”, the show’s official account on X wrote alongside a photo of the star. “He was immensely talented and, as part of One Direction, Liam will leave a lasting legacy on the music industry and fans around the world.
“Our thoughts are with his friends, family and all who loved him.” Food bank charity Trussell has paid tribute to singer Payne for his “compassion and kindness” in helping its work. In March 2020, Payne helped provide more than 360,000 meals to people struggling as a result of the pandemic and had spoken about wanting to “play my part in finding a solution to ensure people have enough money to buy their own food – and end the need for food banks”.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.