An old photo led to the sneaker brand losing its rights to patent a design. 

							By 

	Regina Cho

Associate News Editor

Rihanna and Puma have spent nearly a decade working with each other, proudly posting their collaborations for the world to see. However, this one Instagram post by the singer caused the sneaker brand to lose a recent sneaker dispute. 

	The German brand was attempting to patent a specific sneaker design, but an EU court ruled against the motion. The court ultimately allowed Dutch footwear company Handelsmaatschappij J. van Hilst (HJVH) to overturn Puma’s registration at the European Union Intellectual Property Office (EUIPO) in 2022.

	










	The Dutch business argued that the 2016 registration of a sneaker design was invalid because Rihanna wore the shoe on social media more than 12 months earlier. In the December 2014 Instagram post, Rih sported an all white outfit with matching Pumas — the same design that the brand was trying to patent. Her caption read, “on the dotted line. #PUMA,” signifying her signing the contract that started the long partnership between them. 
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					A$AP Rocky Describes The Polar Opposite Personalities Of His And Rihanna's Children		
			







	View the post here. 

	Due to the post and several others that showed Rihanna clearly wearing the sneakers, the EUIPO ruled that the images were sufficient proof that the design was made public and made “it possible to identify, with the naked eye or by enlarging those photos, all essential features of the prior design.”

	Not giving up without a fight, Puma appealed the decision in 2022, arguing that the photos focused on the singer instead of the sneakers, and not many people were analyzing the shoes. 

	However, that point was rejected, with the union writing: “Rihanna was a world-famous pop star, it should be observed that both her fans and the circles specialized in the fashion sector had, at that time, developed a particular interest in the shoes that she wore on the day on which the contract under which the star became the applicant’s creative director was signed.

	In view of those considerations, according to the General Court, EUIPO was entitled to find that the prior design had been disclosed in December 2014 in such a way as to allow the registered design to be declared invalid.”

	Despite this result, Rihanna and Puma are still putting out quality collaborations to this day. Their last launch, the Avanti’s, was in September 2023. Take a look here. 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.