How does the crimson red paint on her lips stay perfectly in place?
After the Kansas City Chiefs beat the Baltimore Ravens 17-10 on Sunday — securing their spot in Super Bowl 2024 in the process — Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce sealed the deal with celebratory kisses aplenty, but the superstar’s signature scarlet lipstick didn’t budge.
“She just enjoyed a long smooch with Travis Kelce on camera, and her lipstick did not smudge or show up on his lips. What gives?” one person tweeted.
“The staying power of Taylor swifts [sic] lipstick should be studied by scientists,” another quipped.
Neither Swift nor her longtime makeup artist, Lorrie Turk, tend to share the shade she’s wearing at a particular time; that said, her fondness for a select few lip hues has been well documented.
Among the “Cruel Summer” songstress’ go-tos? MAC Retro Matte Lipstick in Ruby Woo, CoverGirl Exhibitionist Lipstick in Hot, Nars Velvet Matte Lip Pencil in Dragon Girl and Pat McGrath Labs LiquiLust: Legendary Wear Matte Lipstick in Elson 4, the latter of which has sadly been sold out for months.
But as far as Swift’s secret for achieving transfer-proof lipstick goes, she did share a pro tip with Allure in 2011.
“There are tricks I’ve learned from makeup artists on shoots. They put on the red lipstick, then blot it with a tissue, then they put powder over the tissue and sort of press it onto your lips. Then re-apply,” she told the magazine at the time. 
“It turns it into a stain that lasts much longer.”
We’re guessing she’ll be relying on the same trick of the trade come Super Bowl Sunday.
Shop a few of Taylor Swift’s favorite red lipsticks:
“It’s a staple. I was the last person to discover it,” Swift told People in 2015 of this blue-based red, a longtime bestseller that’s also beloved by Rihanna, Gwen Stefani and Janet Jackson.
A onetime CoverGirl ambassador, Swift shared her love for an earlier formulation of this shade in a 2012 interview with Redbook.
In addition to shouting out this shade in past interviews, Swift showed it off in a behind-the-scenes Instagram photo she shared before the 2014 Met Gala.