By ELLEN COUGHLAN FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  12:47, 9 February 2024   |  Updated:  12:57, 9 February 2024   
 23
View  comments
Chioma Nnadi has taken over as the new head of British Vogue and will replace Edward Enninful, the outgoing editor in chief.
New York-based Londoner Chioma, 44, who is currently editor of the US edition's website, will relocate to London and have the title of 'head of editorial content' of the British magazine.
Chioma, who was previously praised by Anna Wintour for her 'impeccable' reputation, will be the first Black woman to edit the fashion magazine. 
The Londoner, who has been described as low-key, nuanced and even 'shy' by colleagues, manages to be both a style icon and a relatable figure. 
Here FEMAIL delves into the glamorous life of the new head of British Vogue...
Chioma Nnadi (pictured) has taken over as the new head of British Vogue and will replace Edward Enninful , the outgoing editor in chief
Chioma is known as the 'nicest person at Vogue', before the announcement, an insider told The Times: 'Chioma is a great choice. She is serious and clever and really knows her stuff. She doesn't suffer fools.'
'Chioma isn't the terrifying fashion editor of old,' another Condé Nast insider said.
'She's quite shy one-on-one, and very calm. She's one of those people that pauses before she answers a question.'
While a veteran fashion PR said: 'Off the record, [Nnadi] is the nicest person I've ever dealt with at Vogue.' 
Her mixed-race and multi-cultural background makes her stand out in the world of fashion, she has said.
Speaking at the Council of Fashion Designers of America in 2018 she claimed: 'Too often I look around . . . fashion week and I'm one of a handful of black and brown faces. Black creatives are underrepresented at every level . . . Racism is a systemic problem'.
New York-based Londoner Chioma, 44, who is currently editor of the US edition's website, will relocate to London and have the title of 'head of editorial content' of the British magazine
Her mixed-race and multi-cultural background makes her stand out in the world of fashion
Nnadi grew up in central London, born to her mother, a Swiss-German nurse, and her Nigerian father who came to the UK to study in the 1960s.
She began her career on the features desk of the Evening Standard magazine. 
She moved to New York in 2010 to write for the independent style magazine Trace before going on to cover fashion and its links to music for Fader.
Nnadi, who is rumoured to be single, living with a flatmate in New York but is said to be happy to relocate to London to be closer to her family.
Chioma credits her dad for igniting her passion for fashion - and says she still wears his vintage clothes now. 
She wrote recently: 'As a child, I only ever remember my dad wearing suits though he wore them without a tie when he wasn't working his government job on the weekend.
'His suits and button-down shirts still occupied the biggest closet in our modest three-bedroom apartment, even when there were eight or nine of us living there—cousins, aunties, uncles, and other extended family from Nigeria.
'Never one to throw anything away, my dad kept his clothes for years and years, even when they were worn to shreds, something I know that still drives my mother up the wall. 
'It was, however, a boon to me as a teenager to discover this Narnia of vintage men's fashion in my own home: weather-worn leather jackets and fraying indigo-dyed dashikis that I still wear to this day. 
'Where my mother's fantastic '60s mini dresses were always too short in the leg and or too generous in the bust, his slimly-cut menswear fit me like a glove'.
Nnadi grew up in central London, born to her mother, a Swiss-German nurse, and her Nigerian father who came to the UK to study in the 1960s
Ndadi says her father inspired her love of fashion, still wearing some of his vintage items he refused to throw away
She started at as a fashion news writer in 2010m she worked her way up and in 2014, she was named Fashion News Director.
She has been behind some of the biggest Vogue cover stories, including Rihanna, Cara Delevingne and Erykah Badu.
Nnadi also co-hosts Vogue's popular podcast, The Run-Through. Additionally, she has spearheaded online coverage of major events, including the Met Gala.
On September 18, 2023, it was announced that Nandi had been named the new head of editorial content to lead British Vogue. 
The decision comes after months of conjecture surrounding who would replace Edward Enninful, 51, who made history when he was appointed Vogue's first Black editor-in-chief in 2017.
Enninful described Nnadi as a 'brilliant and unique talent with real vision' in a statement. 
Chioma, pictured in New York last year, is being tipped to replace Edward Enninful running British Vogue
Edwards Enninful with Jennifer Lopez and Anna Wintour at the Coach Runway Show in New York in 2023
Anna Wintour said in a statement: 'Chioma is beloved among her colleagues at Vogue, and is an editor and writer with an impeccable reputation — both here and in the fashion industry at large.
'I can't think of a more worthy person to follow in his footsteps than Chioma, who has proven herself adept at speaking to our digital audience and has found ways to extend Vogue's reach, authority, and influence across all of our platforms.
'She is passionate about fashion, music and culture, and I couldn't be happier that she will be leading our editorial and creative teams in London.'
Wintour described Nnadi as a 'beloved' colleague who will focus on 'music and culture' as well as fashion, adding that the new editor is 'bringing Vogue into the future'. 
Nnadi said: 'I'm beyond excited and honoured to have been appointed as British Vogue's head of editorial content. As someone who was born and raised in London, the energy of the city – its boundary-pushing style and creative scene – has shaped the way I look at the world.
'Now, more than ever, it feels like a moment to look beyond borders while also celebrating the broad scope of what it means to be British. I'm looking forward to engaging a loyal and inspired digital community that is energised by our access, point of view, and storytelling.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group