Bebe Rexha performs onstage at the 2024 Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival at Empire Polo Club on April 14, 2024 in Indio, California. G-Eazy attends Angel Ball 2023 hosted by Gabrielle’s Angel Foundation at Cipriani Wall Street on October 23, 2023 in New York City.
Bebe Rexha slams G-Eazy when asked if she wanted to shoot social content with him while in New York City. While sharing alleged text messages on social media, which have since been deleted, Bebe, 34, was asked by someone representing the rapper if she had any interest in the shoot.
Writing over the screenshot, the Bebe Rexha slams G-Eazy directly, initially tagging him and saying: "You have my number. Why don't you text me and ask me yourself you stuck up ungrateful loser."
Pouring more gas into the fire, she adds, "You're lucky people are liking you again. Cause I could go in on all the s----y things you've done and how you treated me after giving you your only real hit. Btw the answer is no. Hope you good. [peace sign emoji]."
(Photo by Amy Sussman/Getty Images)
Rexha was referring to the duo's collaboration on the 2022 hit, "My, Myself & I," which was also mentioned in the alleged screenshots.
In a follow-up message on X (formerly Twitter), the New York native explained why she deleted the previous post slamming G-Eazy, 35. She wrote on Thursday (June 13) night, "Someone from my team had me take down my Instagram story. I decided to remove it because it felt very negative and toxic. Sometimes trauma can lead us to react that way, and that period of my life was traumatizing."
However, Rexha stands by what she said because she added, "I am writing this because I regret taking it down."
Fans loved that Rexha slammed G-Eazy. One person commented, "'your only hit' She read him to filth i am crying [sobbing emoji]." Another said, "i love you sister [hug emoji] every man in the industry thats wronged you will crumble." Added a third, "To be honest it needs to be addressed how toxic he is there was nothing wrong with what you said. And he has a pattern of being not a nice person and I would think years later he would improve but I suppose not."
More fans rallied behind Bebe on social media. "DRAG HIM, QUEEN. U literally gave more than 9 men their biggest hit, yall need to respect u," wrote one person. "I respect you so much more as an artist for this," declared another fan.
On her Instagram Stories and TikTok page Friday, Rexha cemented her claim in a clip with the words: "I said what I said" written over it. Adding spice to her shade, she added audio from her unreleased song, "I'm the Drama." She debuted the track when she performed at Coachella last month.
Seemingly unbothered by Rexha's claims, G-Eazy hasn't addressed her calling him out on social media. Instead, he has been promoting his music video for his new track, "Anxiety," and kicking off his Freak Show world tour Thursday night in NYC. Meanwhile,the pop star recently dropped a new track titled "Chase It" a few weeks ago with an accompanying music video.
Bebe Rexha has long been serving the sexiest looks. Whether it's a red carpet appearance or performing on stage, the "I'm Good" singer throws on the hottest fits. Born Bleta Rexha on August 30, 1989, in Brooklyn, New York, the singer-songwriter got her name from her Albanian roots. In the Albanian language, bletë means "bee." She told GMA News back in 2016 that people started calling her "Bebe" for short.
Growing up, Bebe played trumpet and taught herself to play guitar and piano. In high school, she also joined the choir. As a teenager, Rexha submitted a song to be performed at the National Academy of Recording Arts & Sciences' annual "Grammy Career Day" event. She earned the "Best Teen Songwriter" award, beating around 700 other entrants. As a result, she was signed and encouraged by her talent scout to enroll in songwriting classes in Manhattan.
In 2010, Rexha met Fall Out Boy's bassist Pete Wentz and began working with him as a member and a lead vocalist of his experimental project, Black Cards. Two years later, Rexha quit the band to pursue other endeavors. In 2013, Bebe signed with Warner Bros. Records as a solo artist and got right to work. She wrote for Selena Gomez's "Like a Champion" and Eminem and Rihanna's collaboration "The Monster." Rexha's debut single, "I Can't Stop Drinking About You," was released the following year.
Her debut EP, I Don't Wanna Grow Up, dropped in 2015, and she was featured on David Guetta's single "Hey Mama" alongside Nicki Minaj and Afrojack. The song peaked at number eight on the Billboard Hot 100, but Rexha wasn't originally credited on the song, despite the fact that she sings the chorus and is featured on background vocals. The singer-songwriter's next success was on G-Eazy's "Me, Myself & I," which she co-wrote and was featured on. The song peaked at number seven on the Billboard Hot 100. As of 2023, Rexha has three studio albums under her belt: 2018's Expectations, 2021's Better Mistakes, and 2023's self-titled album, Bebe.
Check out Rexha's hottest looks over the years:
Dripping in chains at 2019's Rock in Rio, Rexha looks sweet and sexy.
The very tanned pop star wears a glittering, oversized blazer as a dress. An icon.
She knows she looks good in silver, as this is just another one of her many metallic looks that she looks hot in.
Her top is really interesting, as it gives the illusion of being blurred, while it is see-through. A greta example of artsy meets sexy.
Sporting a fiery red hair color in this era, Rexha tries something different with a plunging lace top and poofy satin skirt. The introduction of the latex thigh-highs becomes a Rexha staple.
Redhead Rexha shows she has gotten thicker, with this icy ensemble. She wears a crown fit for the queen she is, as her outfit incorporates a lot of BDSM elements -- from her choker to strapped-up thigh highs.
This is giving us Jessica Rabbit meets Poison Ivy vibes. Whatever it is, Rexha was serving more than the turkeys were on this Thanksgiving.
Every woman should own a mesh dress, and this is a good reason why. Rexha's curves are hugged in all the right spots, and the design gives a flattering optical illusion.
She was repping for the USA with a body-hugging American flag corset, moto jacket and matching leather pants. Can't miss those chain details, either.
This is probably one of the artist's hottest looks to date. Wearing this plunging snakeskin dress and a wet-look hairstyle, Bebe exudes sex appeal.
Classing it up, yet remaining true to her hot style, Rexha opts for major plunge and open neckline with this black gown, which features a high thigh slit.
We can't count how many times Bebe has worn latex, but it looks so good on her! Here, she incorporates a midnight-colored puffy wings on top, giving a very interesting look.
This is our favorite look of hers of all time. Though she is mostly covered up, save for her cleavage and patent leather thigh highs, Rexha in red is just ravishing!
Taking a trip to the future, we are loving Rexha's sculpted silver look. The shoulder pads are a nice touch and would love to see more of that.
This is giving all of the disco throwbacks we could ever want. The big diva hair and the glittering blue jumpsuit is such a fun look we'd love to see the artist sport again and again!
Perfectly captured sweet and sexy, with the Farrah Fawcett hairstyle and draping gown, Rexha took her fashion next-level at the Grammys.
Still following the disco-era motif, Rexha dazzles in a bedazzled denim jumpsuit.
Performing later that night, Bebe sported another space look. This time, a metallic zip-up jumper.
Matching her hair to her bow, Rexha gets sexy again with nude cutouts in her corset.

                    Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!