Lavish wedding celebrations for the son of Asia's richest man resumed on Saturday with a star-studded guestlist including Hollywood celebrities, global business leaders and two former British prime ministers.
Billionaire tycoon Mukesh Ambani's youngest son Anant and fiancee Radhika Merchant, both 29, are tying the knot this weekend in Mumbai, India, following months of pre-marriage parties.
Saturday will see a blessing ceremony during which the world's rich and famous will greet and pay their respects to the couple at a 16,000-capacity convention centre owned by the Ambani family's conglomerate.
This will be followed by a grand party where unconfirmed reports say pop stars Drake, Lana Del Rey and Adele are likely to perform. 
It follows a formal ceremony and party on Friday evening which was attended by the likes of socialite Kim Kardashian, actor John Cena and former British leaders Tony Blair and Boris Johnson.
Fifa boss Gianni Infantino, Bollywood superstar Shah Rukh Khan and Samsung chairman Jay Y Lee were also among hundreds of famous figures who made an appearance.
"Great wedding!" China's ambassador to India Xu Feihong wrote on social media platform X along with footage of the couple from inside the venue.
"Best wishes to the new couple and double happiness!"
This weekend's celebrations end on Sunday with a reception party. 
Wedding events earlier this year included a party at the Ambanis' ancestral home, where a purpose-built Hindu temple was unveiled alongside private performances by singers Rihanna and Justin Bieber.
Guests included Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg and former US president Donald Trump's daughter Ivanka.
In June, the couple embarked on a four-day Mediterranean cruise with 1,200 guests, while singer Katy Perry performed at a masquerade ball at a French chateau in Cannes.
The Backstreet Boys, US rapper Pitbull and Italian tenor Andrea Bocelli also provided entertainment.
Rajan Mehra, chief executive of air charter company Club One Air, told Reuters that the family had rented three Falcon-2000 jets to ferry wedding guests to this week's string of events. 
“The guests are coming from all over and each aircraft will make multiple trips across the country,” he said. 
On Wednesday, the family hosted a bhandara - a community feast for underprivileged people.
Anant's father Mukesh, 66, is chairman of Reliance Industries, a family-founded conglomerate that has grown into India's biggest company by market capitalisation.
The patriarch is the world's 11th richest person with a fortune of more than $123bn, according to Forbes.
The family's lucrative interests include retail partnerships with Armani and other luxury brands, more than 40% of India's mobile phone market and an Indian Premier League cricket team.
His 27-floor family home Antilia is one of Mumbai's most prominent landmarks, reportedly costing more than $1bn to build, with a permanent staff of 600 servants.
Merchant is the daughter of well-known pharmaceutical moguls.
Key roads in Mumbai are being sealed off for several hours a day until the festivities end on Monday, while social media is awash with minute-by-minute updates.
But the extraordinary opulence has also led to a backlash. 
People living in the city have complained that road closures have worsened traffic problems caused by monsoon flooding, while others have questioned the ostentatious display of wealth. 
The Ambanis have not revealed how much this wedding is costing them, but wedding planners estimate they have already spent anywhere between 11bn and 13bn rupees [$132m-$156m]. 
It was rumoured Rihanna was paid $7m (£5.5m) for her performance, while the figure suggested for Justin Bieber is $10m.
One unnamed executive at Reliance claimed the event was a "powerful symbol of India's growing stature on the global stage" in a note shared with reporters.
But opposition politician Thomas Isaac said it was "obscene".
"Legally it may be their money but such ostentatious expenditure is a sin against mother earth and [the] poor," he posted on X.
Buddha’s sacred jewels, unearthed in 1898, head to auction at Sotheby’s, raising ethical concerns.
The way events unfolded after the Pulwama bombing and Pahalgam killings is strikingly similar, says a former diplomat.
The militant attack last week has triggered a series of incidents of harassment against Kashmiris across India.
The cook reportedly still served the lunch after removing the snake, India's human rights body says.
Relations between the countries have been sour for months but differences were mostly expressed verbally until now.
Copyright 2025 BBC. All rights reserved.  The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.