ByNadja Sayej
ByNadja Sayej,
 Contributor. 
Leah Brown walking the Sergio Hudson Spring Summer ‘25 Fashion Show at NeueHouse
If there is one fashion designer shaking up the fashion world, it has to be Sergio Hudson. The South Carolina-born designer initially made waves in 2013, when he won Bravo's Styled to Rock fashion competition. He founded the Sergio Hudson Collections in 2016, and then made his debut at New York Fashion Week in 2020.
He has become a household name in fashion, since dressing Michelle Obama during President Biden's inauguration proceeding in 2021. Hudson has dressed celebrities like Beyonce, Rihanna and Issa Rae, and sells his clothing at Neiman Marcus and Bergdorf Goodman, among others.
A model walks for Sergio Hudson's Spring Summer ‘25 Fashion Show at NeueHouse
Hudson, along with his business partner Inga Beckham, says they “want women to feel like superheroes,” and they certainly make them look like icons. The show was partly inspired by the 1967 film, Valley of the Dolls, directed by Mark Robson.
“Strong women inspire me,” he said. “Women who change the world.”
Some fashion executives are shaking up the industry, too, like Christos Garkinos, founder of Covet by Christos. He turned his trunk shows into a livestreaming goldmine with his Instagram Live luxury shopping network that he launched in 2020.
Christos Garkinos and Sergio Hudson at the Christos Garkinos x Sergio Hudson After Party at Hearsay
They came together to co-present Sergio Hudson’s Spring/Summer 2025 collection at NeueHouse on September 7, as part of New York Fashion Week. The show drew VIPs like actor DeWanda Wise, stylist June Ambrose, singer Muni Long, TV personalities Joy-Ann Reid and Sunny Hostin, as well as Toronto Raptors player Immanuel Quickley and The Skinny’s brand founder Rolland Ryan, among others.
The elegant runway show was led by music. A timeless soundtrack opened with a song by Grammy Award winning jazz singer Nancy Wilson. Her quiet, but captivating 1973 hit, “The Good Life” led the show.
The looks tied into the song, seemingly fitting into a dimly lit jazz club’s style, like something you’d see at the Village Vanguard in the 1950s or 1960s. This was the first time that Hudson debuted menswear in his collection.
Sergio Hudson S/S 2025
The looks were filled with pastel hues, sequin shirts, kits, big belts and pinstripe suits for men and women. There was a stunning sequin silver dress, chucky statement jewelry and a baby blue men’s trench coat, not to mention a pastel tweed fabric laced with gold for women’s jackets and floor-length skirts.
It felt like the music of the era influenced the style. There were wide leg pants, strapless dresses, pastel yellow pantsuits and more.
Another song on the runway soundtrack included “Peachtree Blues” featuring Janelle Monae and “Round Midnight” by Adam Blackstone and Jazmine Sullivan. The looks were inspired by the designer’s vision of timeless elegance from 1960s fashion, drawing upon the Mod era's style.
Sergio Hudson S/S 2025
In fact, models who walked the runway include Martha Hunt, Agatav Rudko, Daphne Velghe, Anna Savka, and Aqua Parios, among others. Marc Reagan, the executive director of global artistry at Bobbi Brown led the makeup, along with hairstylist Tamika Gibson. The runway show was preceded by a cocktail hour hosted by Woodford Reserve.
Garkinos and Hudson also sold select pieces from the designer’s new collection on September 9, alongside exclusive Sergio Hudson archival pieces. The livestream will also feature behind the scenes content from Hudson’s runway show at NeueHouse. The partnership aims to transcend traditional fashion world boundaries, serving a clientele who wouldn’t typically have this unprecedented access to one of America’s up and coming designers.
Sergio Hudson S/S 2025
Garkinos knows how to talk—and sell, having featured over 200,000 luxury and vintage products on Covet by Christos, day in, day out. Over two million viewers have tuned in for his bubbly personality, fun Q&As with fashion industry guests, and yes, maybe a bit of gossip (fact: Madonna counts herself a fan, wearing a gold necklace she got on Covet by Christos on her birthday trip in Italy last month).
“I wanted to bridge the gap between runway and at-home shoppers,” said Garkinos. “In a sense, it brings the magic of fashion week directly to your phone.”
Sergio Hudson at HeueHouse for the Sergio Hudson S/S 2025 runway show
He has previously invited fashion industry guests to help co-host his segments like Sweet July beauty line founder Ayesha Curry, with LA retailer Fred Segal (where he received a commission for items sold through the episode), and fashion editor Sasha Charnin Morrison, among others.
Online shopping has been big since the 1990s, but only recently hit a mobile boom since the pandemic. With the rise of ecommerce, social media has become an integral vehicle for live shopping events.
Christos Garkinos at the Sergio Hudson S/S 2025 show at NeueHouse
“We are excited to partner with Christos Garkinos because pivoting and doing new things on his Instagram Live, selling clothes live from the runway brings interaction,” said Beckham. “Christos is doing it so well. Livestreaming is a big part of our clientele.”
Covet by Christos has created over 3,500 hours of live programming since 2020. According to Garkinos, he has generated $70 million in sales since his first launch in 2020. Some of his biggest sales include one client who bought five Birkin bags for $89,799, while another bought a vintage Hermes Himalayan Kelly for $128,000. Meanwhile, a Chanel necklace that was worn in the cult fashion film, The Devil Wears Prada, sold for $10,000.
June Ambrose at Sergio Hudson S/S 2025
“It’s the first time we’re doing this kind of collaboration,” said Garkinos. “You get to shop for items directly from the runway. Sergio Hudson is one of fashion’s most important designers, and he has something for everyone.
“I always look at things, like what does the customer want?” asks Garkinos. “The customer wants a human connection, that needs to be brought to them along with the products. And emerging designers need to have their voices heard and not be buried by the bigger brands. This is an opportunity to cut through the noise.”
Sergio Hudson and Inga Beckham at the Sergio Hudson SS25, Neuehouse, NY September 7, 2024