Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
The celebrity real estate agents, founders of Bond Street Partners, are joining Carolwood after more than a decade at The Agency.

							By 

	Degen Pener

Deputy Editor

	More change is afoot in Los Angeles’ high-end luxury real estate business, which has seen a wave of new brokerages join the scene in the past two years and a surprising number of power-seller agents switch their allegiances.

	Now, two of L.A.’s biggest celebrity real estate agents, James Harris and David Parnes of Bond Street Partners — known for starring on Bravo’s Million Dollar Listing Los Angeles for seven seasons before leaving the real estate reality series in 2022 — are on the move.



	The duo — who have repped stars such as Rihanna, Carey Mulligan, Demi Lovato, Big Sean and Kevin Durant (according to public records) — are joining Carolwood Estates, the nearly 2-year-old agency founded in 2022 by Drew Fenton, Nick Segal and Ed Leyson.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	Lifestyle
			



	
		
					The Hollywood Reporter Celebrates the Big Apple's Top Real Estate Agents at New York Power Broker Awards		
			














	
	Lifestyle
			



	
		
					Who's Buying What in the Big Apple? Ask NYC's Top Realtors		
			








	Harris and Parnes, who in a typical year do $500 million to $600 million in residential real estate sales, have long made a home at The Agency (co-founded by Mauricio Umansky, another agent with his own reality show profile; see Buying Beverly Hills, Real Housewives of Beverly Hills). The Bond Street Partners founders were two of the agents who repped Formula 1 heiress Petra Ecclestone in the $120 million sale of the Holmby Hills mansion The Manor in 2019, one of the priciest residential trades ever in the United States.

	At their new Carolwood Estates home base, Harris and Parnes join such other power brokers as Linda May, Brett Lawyer, Jonathan Nash and Stephen Resnick, Susan Smith, Marci Kays and Jonathan Mogharrabi, and Jonah Wilson (many of whom left Hilton & Hyland to go to Carolwood when it launched).

	In a statement to The Hollywood Reporter, Harris and Parnes said that “after a decade of remarkable growth and achievement” they “bid farewell to The Agency and announce their new partnership with esteemed colleagues at Carolwood Estates. As proud contributors to The Agency’s legacy of excellence and innovation in the real estate industry, our team is grateful for the unwavering support and collaboration of our colleagues, clients and partners. Reflecting on the past decade, we are humbled by the incredible growth, meaningful relationships and numerous milestones we have shared together. We express our sincere appreciation to The Agency’s leadership team and staff for their guidance, mentorship and camaraderie throughout our journey. As we look forward, we are excited to embark on this new chapter with Carolwood, a move that aligns us with like-minded professionals dedicated to excellence and client-centric service.”
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.