World-famous fashion illustrator Hayden Williams has gone back to Barking and Dagenham College, where he was a student ten years ago.


  The 33-year-old met today’s students and teachers and recorded a podcast with them about his time learning his craft.


  “The college was my first time studying fashion from scratch,” Hayden recalled. “I learned how to sew, cut patterns and everything in between.”


  Yet it was tough getting through the course, he remembers.


  “My tutor got me to focus on aspects I wasn’t confident in,” Hayden explained. “But I felt more prepared and ready for a career in fashion by the time I left.”


  Lecturer Kayla Hassan, 23, was completely unaware that her design idol was a former college student.


  She had been following his career and even has a tattoo on her arm of the famous illustration of pop megastar Rihanna that set off his career.


  Kayla told him: “I didn’t even know that you came to this college. I’ve always loved your work.”


  Hayden has more than one million followers on Instagram and is now one of the most recognised fashion illustrators worldwide.


  He began drawing at the age of three growing up in Loughton and would frequently sketch Disney characters, using Barbie dolls as inspiration.


  He went on to enrol on a BTEC fashion design course in his 20s at the Rush Green campus in 2008.


  Hayden put his illustrations on social media when singer Rihanna spotted his drawing of her on Twitter.


  His work has been recognised since by Oprah and Beyonce. He has also worked with Kate Moss, Naomi Campbell and for Disney with his modern interpretation of Cinderella’s gown.


  His sketches have been turned into real outfits with showbiz stars wearing his designs on stage and TV, such as Kim and Khloe Kardashian, Jennifer Lopez and Jourdan Dunn.


  Hayden is returning to the college again in February as a guest at its annual skills show.


  He has been working meanwhile on “some top secret designs” for well-known celebrities for Halloween.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.