Sign up for your daily dose of dope.
Sisters-in-laws Karlie Kloss and Ivanka sparked speculation over tension in the Kushner family after appearing at a star-studded party in India.
Contact us by Email
March 7 2024, Published 1:30 p.m. ET
Sisters-in-law Karlie Kloss and Ivanka Trump sparked speculation about possible tension in the Kushner family after not appearing in any photos together at a lavish pre-wedding party for Indian billionaire Anant Ambani and his fiancée Radhika Merchant over the weekend, RadarOnline.com has learned.
Kloss, Trump, and their husbands, brothers Joshua and Jared Kushner, were just a few of the high-profile guests in attendance at the star-studded event – alongside influential figures including Bill Gates, Mark Zuckerberg, and Rihanna, who performed in Jamnagar, India in honor of the couple's impending nuptials in July.
Karlie Kloss and her husband Joshua Kushner sparked speculation over tension in the family after attending a star-studded party in India alongside Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner.
While both Kloss and Trump shared numerous photos from the festivities on Instagram, none of them show the two women together. In one snap, Trump can even be seen posing next to her husband and brother-in-law, but Kloss is nowhere to be found.
"Sending warm wishes to Anant and Radhika for endless happiness and love as they embark on this wonderful adventure together," Trump captioned one post on Instagram. "Cheers Anant and Radhika!" Kloss added in a post of her own.
Ivanka and Jared served in Donald's administration during his presidency.
"No photos with your in-laws," one Instagram user commented on Kloss's post. "Why don't you want [us] to know you were with your brother-in-law and sister-in-law?" another wrote.
Kloss has rarely spoken publicly about her connection to the Trump family. "It's been hard," she told British Vogue in 2019. "But I choose to focus on the values that I share with my husband, and those are the same liberal values that I was raised with and that have guided me throughout my life."
Karlie Kloss has spoken publicly about her connection to the Trump family.
Over 1,000 guests were invited to the Ambani family home in Jamnagar, Gujarat for the three-day pre-wedding extravaganza, which reportedly cost $152 million and included a cocktail party, extravagant fireworks, sightseeing, and a trip to see elephants at an animal rescue sanctuary.
Indian business tycoon Mukesh Ambani spared no expense to celebrate the marriage of his youngest son, who is set to tie the knot with a daughter of wealthy pharmaceutical moguls in July.
Ivanka Trump wished the happy couple "endless happiness and love as they embark on this wonderful adventure together."
Daily updates from the heart of Hollywood, right to your inbox
By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you’re agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
Although Rihanna reportedly commanded a $6 million fee to sing a medley of her biggest hits during a 90-minute appearance at the party, the pop icon faced some criticism for delivering a "boring" performance.
"I know it's essentially for a birthday party/wedding event, but come on. I've seen more lively performances on SNL," one user commented on a video of her performance. 
Others have defended the star. "She's still a good performer. You can even hear the crowd be into it IN THE VIDEO!" another fan wrote. "Leave her alone."
Never miss a story — sign up for the RadarOnline.com newsletter to get your daily dose of dope. Daily. Breaking. Celebrity news. All free.
Email us at tips@radaronline.com
It's all over all right. On May 14, just one day before news broke that Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez are allegedly headed toward a divorce, the singer was spotted house-hunting on her own in Beverly Hills, RadarOnline.com revealed.
BY Aaron Johnson
Clint Eastwood has hit his “frankly, I don’t give a damn” moment in life!
BY Radar Staff
Tom Cruise is living up to his Top Gun image by splashing a fortune choppering his new female “best pal” around Britain – after he “fell in love” with the way she's overcome her disability.
BY Aaron Tinney
More From Radar Online
Opt-out of personalized ads
© Copyright 2025 RADAR ONLINE™️. A DIVISION OF MYSTIFY ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK INC. RADAR ONLINE is a registered trademark. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy. People may receive compensation for some links to products and services. Offers may be subject to change without notice.