Fentanyl wasn’t something most people in Houston thought about a few years ago. Now it’s everywhere. It’s in the news, on school campuses, and tragically, in too many emergency room stories that end in silence. People of all ages are getting swept up in something they didn’t see coming, and the worst part is—many don’t […]
Written by Mike Vorkunov, Eric Koren, and Tobias Bass A tale of halftime and excellent play off the bench earned the Philadelphia 76ers a No. 7 seed as they beat the Miami Heat 105-104 in play-in action on Wednesday, setting themselves up to face the New York Knicks on Saturday. With this loss, the Heat […]
Huawei announces the Pura 70 series smartphones for the local market. This concerns the Pura 70, 70 Pro, 70 Pro+ and Ultra. Entry-level models of the four variants cost between 712 and 1,294 euros. It is not clear whether the smartphones will be released internationally as well. The entry-level version of the Huawei Pura 70 […]
While all eyes last night were on Princess Amalia, who made her first appearance during the state banquet in Amsterdam, a counter-show was held in Brussels. For this occasion, Queen Mathilde wore a new dress designed by Belgian designer Dries Van Noten. View photos below. Members of the Luxembourg royal family are guests of our […]
ANPLeBron James NOS game•Tuesday, 11:04 USA basketball’s selection for this summer’s Olympic Games in Paris is almost complete. The world’s biggest basketball nation sends an experienced team full of stars. Eleven of the twelve spots are now filled by national coach Steve Kerr. Cameroon-born Joel Embiid, voted NBA Most Valuable Player (MVP) last year, is […]
Afghan National PoliceState Minister Van Rij in discussion with the House of Representatives. Noos News•Today at 3:11 pm The House of Representatives wants to discuss a revised plan by outgoing Secretary of State Van Rij for a new savings tax in the near future. This is despite the government being out of office and Van […]
The second day of the upcoming state visit to Spain is busy. Kings and queens travel separately. Queen Máxima takes Queen Letizia on a tour of Amsterdam. Curious about today’s photos? Then keep reading quickly. After an evening full of joy and magic at the state banquet, Queen Máxima and Queen Letizia’s day in Amsterdam […]
Two new sets of earbuds with ChatGPT apps built-in have yet to be announced. The company announced that ChatGPT integration will also be coming to other Nothing devices. The new earbuds will be available for purchase starting April 22. The so-called Ear-and-Ear (A) looks quite similar to its predecessors, but has different upgrades. For example, […]
Not long ago, the Penguins looked like they would miss the playoffs for the second straight season. They were 10 points away from the playoffs during the March 4 games. They traded forward Jake Guentzel to the Carolina Hurricanes on March 7, one day before the 2024 NHL trade deadline. But they are now on […]
Google released the first public beta of Android 15 on Thursday evening. The company has been providing developer previews since February, but now Android 15 is ready for testing by the general public. Article continues after ad Android 15 currently available On a number of Google Pixel devices, starting with the Pixel 6. The stable […]