The most popular name for a baby born in Swindon in 2023 has been revealed.


  The Office for National Statistics releases the figures each year, offering an insight into how the world around us, with its trends and changes, shapes how we name the next generation.


  Nationally, the most popular name for boys was Muhammad in 2023, overtaking 2022’s Noah for the top spot. But not in Swindon, where the most popular name was still Noah.


  For girls nationally, it remained unchanged with Olivia being the most common name. But parents in Swindon were not so sure, and the most popular name is split between Olivia and Ivy.


    Don’t miss out on our biggest sale of the year!
    Get a full year of the Swindon Advertiser for only £25 or try 6 months for just £6.
    Support local journalism and stay informed about what matters most.
    Visit: https://t.co/ayrpkI5pr6#SupportLocal #JournalismMatters #BestDeal pic.twitter.com/xwwTWHHoQd


  There is no data for the top 10 names in Swindon, but there is for the South West. The most popular names for boys in the South West are:


  The most popular names for girls in the South West are:


  In Wiltshire, Arthur was the most popular boys’ name and Olivia top for girls. The ONS explained how “pop culture continues to influence the popularity of baby names”.


  Nationally, there was an increase in popular musical artists' names as baby names in 2023 including Billie, Lana, Miley, and Rihanna for girls, and Kendrick and Elton for boys.


  The ONS suggests this was down to Billie Eilish, Lana Del Rey and Kendrick Lamar touring, Rihanna's performance at the NFL Super Bowl halftime show, Elton John headlining Glastonbury and Miley Cyrus releasing an album.


  It also notes: “There has been a continued increase in parents in England and Wales choosing names inspired by the children of popular reality TV star family, the Kardashian-Jenners.”


  Accordingly, Reign, Saint, Psalm, Tatum, Stormi, and True all saw an increase.


  Meanwhile, royal names were less popular in 2023, “which may be because of a variety of modern influences on baby names”.


  What name you choose for you baby is also affected by the time of year, Poppy being most popular in November, “likely because of the connection with poppies and Remembrance Day”.


  Now we are leading up to Christmas, festive names such as Joseph, Holly, and Robyn will become more popular again.


  New entries to the top 100 baby names include Hazel, Lilah, Autumn, Nevaeh and Raya for girls, as well as Jax, Enzo and Bodhi for boys.


Help support trusted local news


Sign up for a digital subscription now: https://www.swindonadvertiser.co.uk/subscribe/


As a digital subscriber, you will get:            


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                

                            Last Updated: 

Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.