Vogue World: Paris 2024 is almost here. It’s all going down on June 23 at the historic Place Vendôme in Paris, but if you’re unable to attend, you can still enjoy the fun. The one and only Cara Delevigne will host the livestream along with fashion heavy hitters like Carine Roitfeld, Ib Kamara, and Juan Costa Paz. With Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour director Sam Wrench behind the camera, art direction by Parris Goebel—the mastermind behind Rihanna’s choreography for her 2022 Super Bowl halftime show—and Dame Pat McGrath herself overseeing makeup design, it’s definitely an event you won’t want to miss, so here’s how to tune into the livestream:
The Vogue World: Paris livestream, produced by Den of Thieves, can be accessed by viewers around the world at www.vogue.world, as well as via YouTube, the Vogue Runway app (download the iOS app here and the Android app here).
The livestream kicks off on Sunday, June 23, at 9 p.m. CET. (That’s 3 p.m. eastern, for those tuning in from New York.) You can sign up below to get notified when the livestream starts.
Model/actress Cara Delevingne will lead the event, narrating Vogue World’s sprawling celebration of French mode, sport, and the city of Paris itself.
This year’s edition of Vogue World has been conceived in collaboration with youth athletic academies from throughout France, pairing various sports—cycling, gymnastics, tennis, fencing, and breaking, among others—with a different decade in French fashion, going back to the 1920s. The show will foreground French fashion designers both contemporary and historic, as well as houses that traditionally show their collections in Paris. The cast, meanwhile, will include over 500 athletes, performers, surprise guests, and models including Kendall Jenner, Loli Bahia, Paloma Elsesser, Ashley Graham, Jill Kortleve, Amelia Gray, and Abby Champion.
That’s still top-secret—you’ll have to stream to find out.
Tickets to Vogue World are now sold out. For inquiries, or to join our waitlist, please email paris@vogueworld.com.
More From GQ
Connect
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. GQ may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices