Chanaaz Mangroe accused him of rape, physical abuse and psychological manipulation in June
The-Dream has called for the court to throw out large parts of a sexual assault lawsuit that has been filed against him.
The songwriter and producer, real name Terius Gesteelde-Diamant, who co-wrote smash hits such as ‘Umbrella’, ‘Single Ladies (Put a Ring On It)’ and ‘Baby’, was accused in a suit in June of rape, physical abuse and “horrific psychological manipulation”.
Chanaaz Mangroe, a former protégé of the artist who performs under the name Channii Monroe, filed the suit in the US District Court’s Central District of California, alleging that Gesteelde-Diamant “lured the young and vulnerable artist into an abusive, violent, and manipulative relationship filled with physical assaults, violent sexual encounters, and horrific psychological manipulation.”
Now, in response to the suit, Gesteelde-Diamant’s legal representatives have filed to have the case thrown out, describing the claims as “a textbook example of a ‘shotgun pleading’”.
The-Dream. CREDIT: Steven Ferdman/Getty Images
That term refers to an allegation that is made without allowing the other side fair notice of the claims.
As reported by the BBC, Gesteelde-Diamant’s lawyers are seeking amendments to Mangroe’s complaint, arguing that portions of it are “immaterial” and “scandalous”.
They are also seeking to dismiss the rape claim, asserting that rape is not a separate civil cause of action under California law, and arguing that their sex trafficking claim does not allege required elements such as a “commercial sex act”.
His legal team are also seeking to remove The-Dream’s label Contra Paris from the suit, as it is based in Delaware and so lacks personal jurisdiction in California.
“Diamant categorically denies Plaintiff’s allegations in the Complaint,” the new motion states. “They are simply disconnected from reality, and the Complaint fails in its entirety.”
“The complaint is a textbook example of a ‘shotgun pleading’ and must be dismissed in its entirety for failing to attribute specific factual allegations to each defendant,” said Desirée F. Moore, an attorney representing Mr Gesteelde-Diamant.
She said the suit “contains dozens of allegations that are utterly irrelevant to her sexual battery and sex trafficking claims and are, instead, designed solely to smear Diamant’s name and reputation.”
Mangroe’s original lawsuit alleged that Gesteelde-Diamant recorded sexual acts with her, then “used the existence of the recording to threaten Ms. Mangroe into silence.” Gesteelde-Diamant was also accused of forcing Mangroe to drink “excessive amounts of alcohol”, along with choking her to the point where she “almost lost consciousness”.
According to the lawsuit, Gesteelde-Diamant would tell Monroe “he would make her the next Beyoncé and Rihanna”, allegedly using it as incentive to tolerate his behaviour.
“Dream led Ms. Mangroe to believe through manipulation and coercion that if she allowed him to completely control every aspect of her life, they could create the ultimate ‘sanctuary’ that would surpass anything he accomplished with Beyoncé or Rihanna,” the lawsuit read.
Mangroe is seeking damages for “lost wages” and for “mental pain and anguish and severe emotional distress”.
In a statement to the New York Times at the time of the original complaint, Gesteelde-Diamant said: “These claims are untrue and defamatory. I oppose all forms of harassment and have always strived to help people realise their career goals. As someone committed to making a positive impact on my fellow artists and the world at large, I am deeply offended and saddened by these accusations.”
For help, support and advice regarding domestic abuse, visit Refuge here or call the freephone, 24-hour National Domestic Abuse Helpline on 0808 2000 247.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.