By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.			
Subscribe now and get up to 61% off the cover price.
Includes digital magazine access and the exclusive Robb Report tote bag.
Sign up for our newsletter and go inside a world of luxury.
 By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
		We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

	Four months after Nuno Bettencourt hoisted his longtime residence atop the Beachwood Canyon neighborhood of Los Angeles on the market for just under $4 million, the veteran Portuguese-American musician has officially handed the keys over to a new owner.



	Records show the 57-year-old lead guitarist of the iconic Boston rock band Extreme—who also regularly tours with pop superstar Rihanna—has sold the contemporary spread to a non-famous buyer for $3.7 million. Though that’s around $200,000 less than Bettencourt originally wanted, it’s still a healthy $1.6 million more than he paid for the place a little over a decade ago, back in spring 2013.

	










Related Stories




						The Sale of a $32 Million Klimt Portrait Falls Through					




						This $11.6 Million Marin County Home Sits Right on San Francisco Bay					




						This $75 Million Penthouse Has the Largest Private Outdoor Pool in New York City					






	Resting amid a hillside parcel spanning roughly one-third of an acre, and fronted by a trio of glassy side-by-side garage bays, the multi-level gray stucco structure was built in the early 1990s and has since been updated. Inside, five bedrooms and six baths are spread across a little more than 5,500 square feet of open-plan living space accented with rustic hardwood floors, vaulted ceilings, skylights and an elevator, as well as picturesque views of the Downtown L.A. skyline, Griffith Observatory, Hollywood Sign, Lake Hollywood and Pacific Ocean beyond.



	Highlights include a double-height living room sporting a wood-encased fireplace, seated wet bar and sliding glass doors spilling outside. There’s also an office space, a cozy den and formal dining room, plus a gourmet kitchen furnished with an eat-in island, top-tier stainless appliances and an accompanying breakfast nook.

	Elsewhere is a primary bedroom adorned with a sitting area, private balcony, walk-in closet and dressing area, along with a stylish bath that has a soaking tub, separate shower and sauna; and topping it all off are the show-stealing grounds, which host an upper deck holding a pool and spa flanked by a sundeck and an open-air cabana. A guesthouse that previously served as a recording studio can also be found on the premises.

	Extreme achieved its greatest success with the 1990 album Pornograffitti, which peaked at No. 10 on the Billboard 200 and went on to earn a double-platinum certification. The album featured the hit singles Hole Hearted and More than Words, the latter of which remains one of the most popular rock songs of all time with more than a half-billion streams and upwards of 633 million YouTube views.

	










	The group recently released its first studio album since 2008; Six was recorded at Bettencourt’s home studio and landed at No. 10 on Billboard’s Top Album Sales chart, with 12,500 copies sold during the first week.

Cindy Lorimer and Peter Lorimer of PLG Estates repped both sides of the deal.

Click here for more photos of Nuno Bettencourt’s Hollywood Hills house.
Wendy Bowman is a real estate writer at Robb Report. Before that, she was a freelancer for Modern Luxury and several other media outlets, where she primarily covered luxury properties for…
Meet the Wine Club That Thinks Differently.
Receive editor-curated reds from boutique California producers four times a year.