Billie is a Newsweek Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in London who has appeared online, in print and on radio. She has extensively covered pop culture, women's rights and lifestyle topics throughout her career and has interviewed numerous celebrities, including Jude Law, Billy Crystal and country singer Lainey Wilson. Originally from Sydney, Australia, Billie moved to London in 2019. She joined Newsweek in 2023 and has previously written for Stylist, Cosmopolitan, Popsugar, Metro.co.uk, The Mirror and Business Insider, just to name a few. She studied Media (Communications and Journalism) at the University of New South Wales. Languages: English. You can get in touch with Billie by emailing b.schwabdunn@newsweek.com, and on X at @billie_sd.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
A photo of a pregnant Rihanna has set the internet ablaze—and it has left a lot of people confused.
The Barbados-born singer, whose real name is Robyn Rihanna Fenty, has two children with partner A$AP Rocky, real name Rakim Athelaston Mayers. They welcomed their first child, son RZA Athelaston Mayers, on May 13, 2022.
Then, on February 12, 2023, while performing at the Super Bowl LVII Halftime Show in Glendale, Arizona, Rihanna said that she was pregnant with her and A$AP Rocky's second child. Performing a medley of some of her biggest hits, it was her first time returning to the stage in five years, and she rubbed her baby bump while she sang. Rihanna has since said the pregnancy reveal was unplanned. Their second child was born on August 1, 2023, a boy they named Riot Rose Mayers.
Now people online think that Rihanna is pregnant with her third child, thanks to a photo uploaded to X, formerly Twitter. In the snap, the "Umbrella" singer is sitting in a car with A$AP Rocky while pregnant. Posted on January 14, user @LustSierra captioned it: "Asap will not stay TF [the f***] off this girl. Rihanna Expecting Again! #3."
The post has since gone viral and, at the time of writing, it had been viewed 9 million times. People took to the comments section to share their support. Newsweek reached out to Rihanna's publicist for comment via email Monday.
Asap will not stay TF off this girl 🙄Rihanna Expecting Again! 🌟🤰#3💫 pic.twitter.com/z1NGw2AkqT
"She's a billionaire and fine af [as f***] what man would? Lol [laugh out loud]," one person wrote.
"She from the Caribbean it's the other way around. I don't think HE was ready for her sex drive," posted another. A third added: "Let her have as many as she wants, she can afford them."
However, since the post was uploaded, a community note has been attached debunking this claim. Community notes are a collaborative way to add helpful context to posts and keep people better informed.
"This photo is from June of 2023, where the couple was in attendance of [sic] a Louis Vuitton fashion show in Paris, France. A$AP Rocky nor Rihanna have made no official announcement of 3rd pregnancy," it reads.
Not everyone in the comments section was fooled by the post, as a variety of people called it out for being fake.
"Nvm [nevermind] I remember this outfit. This old. you almost had us there for a minute," an X user commented.
"Posting [an] old picture over and over is crazy man," someone else wrote.
A third added alongside a variety of crying emojis: "Why y'all manifesting another pregnancy for Rihanna I don't get it."
In an interview with Access Hollywood on December 19, Rihanna raved about her growing family, saying she had always wanted to be a mother.
"I hoped that I could have kids one day, and I hoped I could have them in love, and I hoped that I can be a part of a family that you know, breaks generational curses and just like, moves forward and does new things, and raises our kids better than we've been raised, and all the beautiful things, and it's happening, and I can't believe it," Rihanna said.
She also spoke of her deep connection with A$AP Rocky and how their dynamic has shifted since they have become parents.
"I loved him differently as a dad. This is major, major like—it's a turn-on. What a leader, what a great, patient, loving... and my kids are obsessed with him. I'm just a background, like, I'm an extra," the 35-year-old said.
Billie is a Newsweek Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in London who has appeared online, in print and on radio. She has extensively covered pop culture, women's rights and lifestyle topics throughout her career and has interviewed numerous celebrities, including Jude Law, Billy Crystal and country singer Lainey Wilson. Originally from Sydney, Australia, Billie moved to London in 2019. She joined Newsweek in 2023 and has previously written for Stylist, Cosmopolitan, Popsugar, Metro.co.uk, The Mirror and Business Insider, just to name a few. She studied Media (Communications and Journalism) at the University of New South Wales. Languages: English. You can get in touch with Billie by emailing b.schwabdunn@newsweek.com, and on X at @billie_sd.
Billie is a Newsweek Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in London who has appeared online, in print and on radio. She has extensively covered pop culture, women's rights and lifestyle topics throughout her career and has interviewed numerous celebrities, including Jude Law, Billy Crystal and country singer Lainey Wilson. Originally from Sydney, Australia, Billie moved to London in 2019. She joined Newsweek in 2023 and has previously written for Stylist, Cosmopolitan, Popsugar, Metro.co.uk, The Mirror and Business Insider, just to name a few. She studied Media (Communications and Journalism) at the University of New South Wales. Languages: English. You can get in touch with Billie by emailing b.schwabdunn@newsweek.com, and on X at @billie_sd.
Billie is a Newsweek Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in London who has appeared online, in print and on                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC