The French fashion house’s creative director, Pieter Mulier, took his mastery to the Guggenheim for a show about form and freedom
On Friday night, Alaïa became the first fashion label to stage a runway show inside the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum. It was also the first time the French house had staged a show in America since 1982, when founder Azzedine Alaïa presented his collection in New York City at Bergdorf Goodman, in front of Andy Warhol and Paloma Picasso, and officially introduced his designs to the U.S. market. New York is where Mr. Alaïa opened his first store; it’s also the city where the label’s current creative director, Pieter Mulier, lived for a time when he was working alongside Raf Simons at Calvin Klein. 
When the doors to the museum opened for the show, it felt like a sentimental homecoming for the house, one with extraordinary grandeur. Guests were seated on large circular ottomans at the base of the museum’s iconic rotunda,  supermodels Linda Evangelista, Amber Valletta, and Naomi Campbell among them. Rihanna was there, too, turning up just ahead of the show’s start time wearing a white corset and glittering beaded knit shawl. As soon as she sat, piano music began to play and models descended the spiral ramps of the museum’s main hall. 
Mulier’s incredible Winter/Spring 2025 collection was a continuation of his exacting design vernacular, which focuses on form and movement. This time, however, Mulier infused pieces with clever references to American sportswear masters like Claire McCardell and Halston, and used denim and fluid jersey fabrics that would move freely with the body. There were no zippers or button closures on any of the garments. 
Silk taffeta was pleated in dramatic fashion à la Charles James, and second-skin bandeau bras were styled with ruffled and asymmetrical skirts, as well as billowy pants worn low on the hip. Mulier also showed spectacular dresses and coats that were sculpted in such a way that they snaked and coiled around the bodices and torsos of the models “like magic tricks,” as the designer put it in his show notes. 
“For me, American beauty means freedom, of body and spirit,” Mulier also wrote. He added, “This collection is about honoring tradition alongside modernity. It’s a celebration of an American ideology of dress, and through that a spirit that can unite New York and Paris, of the body in motion, liberated.” 
As much as this Alaïa collection was about homage and homecoming, it was also about looking to the future. Mulier and his team invited students from FIT, Parsons, and Pratt to attend the show, and it’s easy to imagine these future designers taking inspiration from the extraordinary techniques they were able to witness. Opening the doors for a new generation of fashion visionaries? There’s nothing more beautiful or American than that.   
The 6 Best Spring 2025 Makeup Trends
Katie Holmes Styles a White Tee Two Ways for NYFW
Proenza Schouler Debuts New Collab With Sorel
The Most Talked-About Beauty Looks in Milan
The Best, Biggest Beauty Trends From NYFW SS25
Heart and Soul Dominated New York Fashion Week
How TikTok Drove Revlon’s Return to NYFW
Dear New York Designers: Take All My Money!
Wiederhoeft Is a Drama Club for Fashion Freaks
The Style Lines Are Blurring in New York
Our Favorite Hair Trends from Fashion Week
The New Yorker Take on American Glamour
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.