She’s pulling from past runways
Does Rihanna ever disappoint? Earlier this month, the “We Found Love” singer jetted off to the City of Love for Couture Week, where she pulled out a series of eye-popping ensembles—from moiré Dior jackets to leather YSL drapery.
This past weekend, the Fenty founder donned two particularly cozy outerwear-centric outfits, which have us wanting to bundle up by a hearth for the rest of winter.
First, she was seen in a black custom Saint Laurent dress that featured tightly ruched pieces emanating from a smooth band of fabric down the center. Underneath the dress, Rihanna added a mesh strapless bra from her lingerie company, Savage X Fenty, and accessorized with an oval-cut diamond choker from Messika and a velvet saddlebag from Dior. Perhaps best of all was her vintage Vivienne Westwood coat, from the designer’s Fall/Winter 1992 collection—a velvet double-breasted statement piece featuring dramatic fur trim along the sleeves and the collar.
Not long after, Rihanna was spotted out and about in the city with partner A$AP Rocky and their two children, RZA and Riot—and she casually sported another vintage piece for this outing.
This time, the “Diamonds” singer chose a wine-colored bodycon dress from John Galliano’s Fall/Winter 1999 line. The knitted and crochet lace viscose and nylon dress featured an oversize hoodie and collar, which matched the material of the cuffs and the hem of the skirt. Rihanna paired the piece with tortoiseshell sunglasses from Gucci, which had red lenses and a crystal GG logo pattern along the frames. She added croc-embossed strappy Tom Ford padlock pumps with golden heels and, finally, a cozy brown fur coat.
Blake Lively Wears a “Wedding Gown” On Late Night 
Bella Hadid Glows in a Bubblegum-Pink Set
J.Lo’s Dress Shimmers Like a Starry Night Sky
Hailey Bieber's Party Dress Is Made Of Watches
Princess Charlotte's Birthday Portrait, by Kate
Kendall Jenner’s Halter Plunges to New Depths
Florence Pugh Steps Out in Five Different Looks
Kate and William Show Rare PDA in New Photos
Dua Lipa Looks Cool In Leather Pants
Lucas Bravo & Shailene Woodley Are Official
Hailey Bieber’s Gucci Dress Is So Cinderella-Coded
Kylie and Timothée Show PDA at a Lakers Game
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.