TribLIVE's Daily and Weekly email newsletters deliver the news you want and information you need, right to your inbox.
A Greensburg woman who police said was driving a stolen vehicle Sunday evening gave troopers six different names before they identified her through fingerprints, according to court papers.
Leah L. White, 50, was pulled over on Route 22 east in Salem around 7:15 p.m. after a trooper on patrol learned the Hyundai Sonata she was driving had been reported stolen out of Glassport. White, who was wearing a blonde wig, identified herself as “ Rihanna Fenty” but didn’t have any identification, according to court papers.
Troopers said they saw ammunition in the car and asked White to get out. During the arrest, she gave investigators several different combinations of names until they used her fingerprints to identify her, according to court papers.
She is charged with receiving stolen property, unauthorized use of a vehicle, false identification to police and several other offenses. White was being held at the Westmoreland County Prison on $15,000 bail. She did not have an attorney listed in online court records. A preliminary hearing is set for Aug. 12.
Renatta Signorini is a TribLive reporter covering breaking news, crime, courts and Jeannette. She has been working at the Trib since 2005. She can be reached at rsignorini@triblive.com.


Remove the ads
 from your TribLIVE reading experience
but still support the journalists
who create the content with TribLIVE Ad-Free.

Get Ad-Free >

Stay up-to-date on important news from TribLIVE
TribLIVE's Daily and Weekly email newsletters deliver the news you want and information you need, right to your inbox.
1-800-909-8742
Fax (724) 779-8743
210 Wood StreetTarentum, PA 15084
© 2025 Trib Total Media | All Rights Reserved
About Us
Advertise
Career Opportunities
Contact Advertising
Contact Newsroom
Contact Us
Feedback
Request Correction
Resource Center
Scholarship Opportunities
Send Letter to the Editor
Send News Tip
Subscribe
Subscriber Services
Blog
Email Newsletters
eTrib
Facebook
Home Delivery
Instagram
LinkedIn
Marketing Minute
Store Locations
TribLIVE App - App Store
TribLIVE App - Google Play
X (formerly Twitter)
Arts & Entertainment
Best of the Best
Business Directory
Contests
Lifestyles
Local
News
YaJagOff
Obituaries
Opinion
Our Publications
Real Estate
Sports
Video
Weather
Cookie Settings
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service