Rihanna was all smiles as she showed off her latest creation, Fenty Hair, and the juicy effect it has on her natural mane.
Source: Kayla Oaddams / Getty
Rihanna dug deeply into her billionaire mogul bag and presented the world with Fenty Hair late last week. Since then, the internet has been in shambles, with some folks excited to try the new collection and others questioning it because they can’t recall ever seeing the singer’s natural hair.
So when the Bajan baddie stepped out to the Los Angeles launch of Fenty Hair with dirty blonde curls moisturized to perfection, it proved that this latest offering under her growing empire will take the haircare world by storm.
Source: Kevin Mazur / Getty
 


					Related Stories
				





10 Times Rihanna Proved She Is The Ultimate Hair Chameleon






A$AP Rocky Begins Closing Arguments with Rihanna and Kids in Courtroom






Rihanna Teases New Music With ‘Smurfs’ Movie Trailer






Rihanna looked radiant in a custom Bottega Veneta blood-red skirt and matching oversized jacket, paired with a diamond and ruby Manish Malhotra necklace on her neck. The 36-year-old businesswoman was all smiles as she showed off her latest creation and the juicy effect it has on her natural hair.
Source: Kayla Oaddams / Getty
Rihanna’s team, Justine Marjan, Global Stylist, Fenty Hair, Ursula Stephen, Global Stylist, Fenty Hair, Rihanna, and Yusef Williams, Rihanna’s Personal Stylist, joined her at the launch. The singer’s loyalty is unmatched! Both Stephen and Williams have been working with the mother of two since her early days in the industry.
Source: Kayla Oaddams / Getty
Source: Kevin Mazur / Getty
The Ursula Stephens Salon shared their hair journey in a reel posted to her Instagram page.
Rihanna broke barriers when she entered the beauty world. She changed the game by offering a full range of products with an extensive complexion range. She shifted the lingerie world when she prioritized diversity and size inclusivity. If we’ve learned anything from her at all, it’s that she does her research on what’s missing in an industry before she enters it. As the critics continue to do what they do best, our favorite billionaire princess is laughing all the way to the bank.
DON’T MISS…
Rihanna Rocks Her Natural Curls In The Streets Of New York And We Are Here For It
Rihanna’s Blonde Girl Era Just Inspire Our New Summer Look


Rihanna Serves Luscious Curls At The Fenty Hair Launch Party 
						was originally published on
						hellobeautiful.com



									Rest In Power: Notable Black Folks Who We’ve Lost In 2025								

									Shannon Sharpe’s Accuser Released Alleged Audio Of Him Saying He’ll “F-cking Choke The Sh-t Out” Of Her								

									Kanye West Details Oral Sex With His Cousin During Childhood: “It Was My Fault That I Showed Him Those Dirty Magazines”								

									Shannon Sharpe’s Lawyer Says He Offered $10M To Settle Rape Claims Before Accuser Went Public “Without Warning”								

									Trump Endorses A Stephen A. Smith For President & Appears To Confuse Harvard With “Riots In Harlem,” Social Media Reacts								

									Shannon Sharpe Accused of Rape In $50 Million Lawsuit								

									Elon Musk Scaling Back DOGE Role “Significantly As Tesla Profits Plunge, Social Media Vows To Make His Life Miserable								

									Terrence Howard Refused Marvin Gaye Biopic Role Because He Wouldn’t Kiss A Man, Social Media Has Thoughts								

					We care about your data. See our privay policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.