Aura reader Stephanie Gunther from Twelve Month Aura dishes on the aura makeup trend.


When you think of the ‘90s, one of the first things that comes to mind is the iconic supermodels of the era and the unforgettable beauty looks they wore. For many of us, Naomi Campbell, in particular, served as the ultimate source of inspiration, especially for her smoky eye makeup, often paired with dark brown […]


Cluster lashes are a fabulous and budget-friendly way to get the most natural looking lashes with a customizable look.


Cardi B's key MUA, Erika La' Pearl, talks about her career journey, her definition of beauty, and more in the latest Beneath The Brush column.


Ciara is one of three new ambassadors announced by the legacy brand on July 26. The three new faces help celebrate NARS' 30th anniversary and continuous history of providing the girlies with iconic product names, cutting-edge formulas, and lasting bombshell beauty looks.


The comedic image marks the start of a new collaboration between the “Lift Me Up” singer and the Paris Summer Olympics, starting July 26, and the Paralympics, beginning August 28. “PROUD to announce that @FentyBeauty is a premium partner of the Olympic AND Paralympic Games, baby!!!” Rihanna said on Instagram.


Sitting pretty at Diesel's runway presentation in Milan, one of our favorite City Girls looked fabulous. JT attended their Fall-Winter 2024 runway show on Wednesday, February 21. She was amid a star-studded show and large-than-life production for the over-the-top brand.


The Lip Bar is upping the ante by adding a few new must-haves products to your makeup bag to help solidify your beauty look. Check them out!


The holiday is the perfect time to pamper yourself with some luxurious beauty products.


Celebrity makeup artist Keita Moore is responsible for Monae's look, and he's sharing the details of how he created the look, starting with skincare.


Coco Jones rocked a winning look. Get the details.


There's an art to executing a soft glam makeup look, and Jordyn Woods just might be an expert.


						This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and
						Terms of Service apply.
						

					We care about your data. See our privacy policy.				
Celebrating Your Favorite Black-Owned Brands & Products!
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.