A roundup of deals on Bose, Sony, Google Pixel, JBL, Nike, Apple and other Black Friday sales to shop.  

													By
												

	Latifah Muhammad


	All products and services featured are independently chosen by editors. However, Billboard may receive a commission on orders placed through its retail links, and the retailer may receive certain auditable data for accounting purposes.

	It’s officially Black Friday! If you’re just now getting around to checking out the annual deal, there’s a lot of ground to cover. Although Black Friday deals launched a bit early this year, many shoppers have been waiting for Thanksgiving weekend to get their hands on some of the year’s deepest discounts. From seasonal and giftable clothes, shoes, electronics and other must-buy products, Black Friday savings are in full force.





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					This $18 Fridge Magnet Can Be Personalized With Your Favorite Song (And Actually Play It)		
	



	05/02/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	





		Explore	

















	
		
					Billboard		
					


See latest videos, charts and news



See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	To save you the time of digging through multiple sales, we’ve rounded up a list of the Black Friday deals that are actually worth shopping with savings of up to 75% off.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	Find deals from major retailers such as Amazon, Walmart, QVC, Best Buy, Coach, Dr. Marten, AT&T, Abercrombie & Fitch, Savage x Fenty and plenty of other top shops, including celeb-loved brands.

	See below for a list of 20 Black Friday deals for 2024.

Dr Marten – Shopping for a new pair of Docs? Save up to 40% off select styles during Dr Martens’ Black Friday. The limited sale ends today (Nov. 29).

Nike – Enjoy up to 60% off select styles and an additional 30% off with code: BFRIDAY.

Coach – Shop select Coach bags for $199! The Black Friday sale includes the Emmy Saddle Bag 23, Eve Shoulder Bag, Heart Crossbody Bag and the Willow Signature Bucket Bag.

Savage x Fenty – Rihanna’s Savage x Fenty is offering 75% off for new reward members.

Fenty Beauty – Save 25% off sitewide during Fenty Beauty’s Cyber Week sale.

Calvin Klein – Save 50% off sitewide, 30% off underwear, and an extra 60% off sales items, plus an extra 25% off your order.

Amazon – Save up to 70% off millions of items at Amazon.  

AT&T – AT&T’s deals include up to $1,000 off the new iPhone 16 Pro Max and the Samsung Galaxy 24.

Adrian Landau – Save 30% off sitewide while supplies last.

Walmart – Save up to 70% off for Black Friday and Cyber Monday.

Crocs – Save up to 60% off select styles.

Quince — Save up to 50% off clothing, jewelry, luggage and more.

Our Place — Save up to 40% off sitewide.

Purple Mattress – Save up to $1,500 off a Purple mattress and base.   

Stanley1913 — Save 25% off Iceflow Flip Straw Tumblers and 40% off the Iceflow Bottle with Cap + Carry Lid with code DOTD40. 

	










Sephora – Save up to 30% off NARS, Dyson, Sephora, Collection, Glossier and more at Sephora.

Ulta – Save up to 50% off select items, including M.A.C, NYX, Tarte and IT Cosmetics.

Kendra Scott – Save up to 40% off during the “Yellow Friday” sale running through Monday, Dec. 2. Enjoy 30% off fashion items and 25% off all other accessories.

Nordstrom – Save up to 60% off clothes, shoes, beauty and other items.

	Check below for a selection of 24 of the best Black Friday deals to snag before the day ends.

	For more seasonal savings, see our roundup of Black Friday TV deals starting at $60, sales on arcade cabinets and beauty deals you won’t want to pass up.  
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.