by 
	Rebecca Rakowitz

Parenting Writer

	There’s a difference between knowing a kid of a celebrity is rich and knowing they’re rich. Because we can “Ooh” and “Aah” at their lavish birthday parties and designer clothes and think, “Wow, their parent has a lot of dough.” But then, when you stop and crunch the numbers on the kids’ personal bank accounts … you become speechless. There are celebrity babies who are worth more now than most people will be in their whole lives.

	










	So when OutdoorToys dropped a new list of the richest celebrity kids, our jaws dropped too. Because *ahem* how many zeros was that?!













	Related story



	
	
		
					Robert De Niro’s Daughter Airyn Got Candid About Being Outed as Trans by Paparazzi Pics		
	










	Perhaps unsurprisingly, Princess Charlotte, 8 and Prince George, 10 are at the top of the list of richest celebrity children in 2024. In that order. Because Princess Charlotte is worth $5 billion. With a B! It’s believed that much of this can be attributed to her mother, Kate Middleton and the “Kate Middleton Effect.” The royal family’s fashion choices significantly impact future trends, so wearing a certain coat to a Christmas celebration could result in major cash flow.



	Prince George, meanwhile, is worth an estimated $3.6 billion. He might be ahead of his sister in the line of succession, but not in the financial game. Sorry, Georgie. Your outfits just don’t sell as well.

	As for Prince Louis, he was number nine on the Top 10 list. The 5-year-old is worth $125 million. With an M. Which is quite a big disparity compared to his siblings! And seems a bit outlandish to us. His incredibly meme-able moments have got to be worth more than a measly 125 mill!

Rihanna’s son RZA — who she shares with boyfriend A$AP Rocky along with baby Riot Rose — is third on the “Richest Celebrity Children” list and first on the “Richest A-List Celebrity Kids” list. The soon-to-be 3-year-old is worth $1.2 billion, and it might have to do with the secrecy and allure surrounding the toddler. His name was revealed a year after his birth, and the Grammy winner makes sure to keep her sons out of the spotlight (despite how much we’d love to “meet” them!).



	Following close behind RZA is Beyoncé and Jay-Z’s daughter Blue Ivy Carter. She’s worth an estimated $720 million, and we’re sure that number will just keep growing if the 12-year-old continues to perform with her mom and prove to the trolls that she’s meant to be on stage.

	You won’t be surprised to hear the KarJenner kids are rolling in moolah. But you might be surprised to hear which ones made the list — we certainly were!

	Kylie Jenner’s 6-year-old daughter Stormi is worth an estimated $570 million, her 10-year-old cousin North West is worth $375 million (although that could change as she continues to collaborate with her dad), and their 5-year-old cousin True is worth $10 million. Kris Jenner has a lot of grandbabies. So it’s pretty shocking that just three of them made the list, and that North West — the oldest daughter of Kim Kardashian and Kanye West, and arguably the most recognizable of the bunch — wasn’t No. 1.

	Don’t you worry, though. No one in the KarJenner clan is going to bed hungry.

	You can find a full list of the richest celebrity kids HERE. And if you’re trying to find our jaws, they’re still on the floor.
Before you go, check out these celebrity kids’ luxury handbag collections.

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
The stories you care about, delivered daily.
SheKnows is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 SheMedia, LLC. All Rights Reserved.