Manage your account
Isaac Hayes' son said it was "not a political issue" but a "character issue" that his family does not want Donald Trump using the song "Hold On, I'm Coming"
Jeff Kravitz/FilmMagic, Emily Elconin/Getty 
Donald Trump can no longer use the soul classic “Hold On, I’m Coming” at his campaign rallies following a lawsuit by the estate of the track's late songwriter, a federal judge ruled on Tuesday, Sept. 3.
Trump often used the 1966 song — co-written by Isaac Hayes, who died in 2008 at age 65 — as his exit music at rallies, like at the Republican National Convention in July.
But last month, Hayes’ estate filed suit against the former president, claiming Trump’s repeated use of the song was copyright infringement, according to the Associated Press.
In Atlanta on Tuesday, U.S. District Judge Thomas Thrash issued a temporary injunction blocking Trump from using the song moving forward — but denied a request from Hayes’ estate that the Trump campaign be forced to take down any existing videos that include the song, the outlet and The New York Times reported.
“We are very grateful and happy for the decision by Judge Thrash,” Hayes’ son Isaac Hayes III told reporters. “Donald Trump has been barred from ever playing the music of Isaac Hayes again. I couldn’t ask for a better decision. I want this to serve as an opportunity for other artists to come forward that don’t want their music used by Donald Trump or other political entities and continue to fight for music artists’ rights and copyright.”
Related: The Many, Many Musicians Who Have Told Politicians to Stop Using Their Songs
Chip Somodevilla/Getty 
Ronald Coleman, Trump’s attorney, told reporters he considers the decision “a wash,” as he says the campaign had already agreed to stop using “Hold On, I’m Coming.”
“The campaign has no interest in annoying or hurting anyone, and if the Hayes family feels that it hurts or annoys them, that’s fine, we’re not going to force the issue,” Coleman said, noting the team was “very gratified” that Thrash did not order all existing videos be taken down.
Hayes’ son said it’s been a four-year process regarding Trump and the song, as he told reporters he made it clear that he was “not pleased” when the Republican used “Hold On, I’m Coming” at an NRA Convention shortly after the Uvalde mass shooting in 2022.
Hayes III said the estate sent Trump a cease and desist at that time, but that the politician continued to use the music.
Michael Putland/Getty
“I’ve never wanted this song to be associated with Donald Trump in the manner that he was using it…,” he said. “My father was a father to seven daughters… Donald Trump has been found liable of sexual abuse. I know my father would not want that man playing his music. Some of the things he says about women, especially Black women and women of color, especially in this election… We have to take a stand that we want to separate ourselves from someone with Donald Trump’s character. This is not a political issue, this is a character issue.”
James L. Walker Jr., Hayes’ attorney, said the team is still working on getting the videos taken down, and that they expect that to happen once they go to trial and “prove that they do not have a license.”
Other musicians who have taken issue with Trump playing their music at campaign events include Bruce Springsteen, Rihanna, Neil Young, Céline Dion and more.
For more People news, make sure to sign up for our newsletter!
Read the original article on People.