Boots shoppers said they 'adore' one of Rihanna's Fenty Beauty products and declared it a 'handbag must have'. The £23 Fenty Beauty Gloss Bomb Stix were said to be 'super hydrating', 'creamy and very pigmented'.
According to the product description, the Fenty Beauty Gloss Bomb Stix delivered an "explosive shine in a colour-packed stick". The "moisture-lock formula" was said to be "packed with lip-loving ingredients to condition, nourish and keep lips looking plump".
The Fenty Beauty Gloss Bomb Stix was described as being "loaded" with vitamin E, shea butter and squalane, which would "lock in moisture for up to eight hours". Various shades were available, including browns, reds and nudes.
READ MORE: Next shopper snaps up five £13 tops that are 'perfect in every way'
Louise's review of the Fenty Beauty Gloss Bomb Stix read: "Love this, super hydrating, and a lovely colour. A handbag must have!" Ellie added: "So gorgeous, really worth the money. I adore all Fenty products." Victoria wrote: "If you buy one thing from Fenty it should be this ! It’s so pigmented that looks like a lipstick but glides on like a gloss."
Emma said: "Fenty Beauty are knocking it out if the park this year with their releases, this is no different. The shade is perfection and the formula is stunning, it’s so creamy and smells divine. I want more shades which I can will pick up soon for sure." Gee said the Fenty Beauty Gloss Bomb Stix were "creamy and very pigmented", adding: "Love the colour and would purchase again!"
Cat wrote: "This is amazing! It goes on really smooth and feels super soft, it looks like a lipgloss but without the stickiness. Not too fragranced either, perfect!" Kirsty said the Fenty Beauty Gloss Bomb Stix were "versatile" and continued: "I have the colour 'The MVP' and it's great, you can swipe it once for a light sheer lip balm type vibe or you can build up for a full coverage lipstick. This also means it fades so gently and looks even and pretty throughout the day."
Livia said it was "amazing" and the colour and texture was "great" but said: "The only issue with this product is the price tag." Sasha said she regretted buying the product and said: "Shine is nice, but the glossy part seems to separate from the pigment; as a result it sinks into lip lines and doesn’t look very flattering at all." Ayesha added: "It is a lot more brown than nude, it does transfer and doesn’t last long. I have seen cheaper ones perform better."
Similar products available elsewhere include the e.l.f. Glow Reviver Lip Oil, currently on sale for £7.75 on Amazon. Space NK also sells the Glossier Ultralip High Shine Lipstick for £22.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.