The rapper says even LDR's misses are hits in her book.

													By
												

	Gil Kaufman


	Ahead of her 2024 Billboard Women in Music Hitmaker ceremony on Wednesday (March 6), “Munch” hitmaker Ice Spice talked about some of her biggest musical inspirations, one of which might surprise you. 

	In a recent chat with Billboard, Spice was asked to name some of her favorite hit-makers of all time. After shouting out past Hitmakers honorees including Charli XCX and Dolly Parton (“they’re iconic, each in their own way”), Spice specifically called out Lana Del Rey as her musical north star. 

	










	“I’m obsessed with her, and I feel like all of her songs are hits, even the ones that aren’t as big as the others,” Ice Spice, 24, said of the sad-eyed singer who joined her and Taylor Swift in a skybox in February for Super Bowl LVIII to root on champs the Kansas City Chiefs. The unlikely Spice/Del Rey duo got to hang at a pre-Grammys gala honoring Jon Platt last month at the Beverley Hilton and Spice told Complex last year that at the time the only album she wanted to listen to was Del Rey’s 2014 album Ultraviolence.

	“Rihanna, too. I have both [her and Del Rey’s] vinyls. Taylor Swift. Of course, Nicki Minaj. Drake. The list is long!” Spice added in her Billboard chat.

	It’s been a wild year for the Bronx MC, who has stormed the charts with a series of Jersey-club infected songs created with her longtime collaborator, RIOTUSA. Starting with her first solo Hot 100 entry with “In Ha Mood” last February, Ice Spice ended 2023 with four Hot 100 top 10s, a high point that tied her with Nicki Minaj (2012) and Cardi B (2018) for the most by a female rapper in a calendar year.

	The 2024 Billboard Women in Music Awards presented by Marriott Bonvoy will take place on Wednesday at the YouTube Theater at Hollywood Park in Los Angeles and stream on Thursday (March 7).
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.