The Swifties and the BeyHive meet once again. 

							By 

	Regina Cho

Associate News Editor

Beyoncé‘s impact on the music landscape has been immortalized with another accolade, and as expected, the result has sparked mixed reactions from pop music lovers. Over the last few weeks, Billboard has been rolling out their Greatest Pop Stars Of the 21st Century list, and their latest reveal put Queen Bey at No. 1.

	The Houston legend edged out other industry titans like Taylor Swift (No. 2), Rihanna (No. 3), Drake (No. 4), and Lady Gaga (No. 5). Other names that landed on the list were JAY-Z, Kanye West, Lady Gaga, Justin Bieber, Britney Spears, and more. 

	










	The outlet awarded the mother of three based on “her full 25 years of influence, evolution and impact.” Billboard shared an article that highlighted the reasons why Bey is in a league of her own, writing, “Few artists this period can match her in any of the most critical basic categories of pop stardom – commercial success, performance abilities, critical acclaim and accolades, industry influence, iconic cultural moments – and absolutely no one can equal her in all of them.”
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Beyoncé Celebrates Tina Knowles' No. 1 Memoir At 'Cowboy Carter' Second LA Show		
			






A post shared by billboard (@billboard)

	The BeyHive was quick to express their satisfaction with the music magazine’s top pick, with one user writing on X, “In a world where multifaceted talent, impact, creativity, is traded for vanity metrics, Talent has won… She embodies a TRUE pop star: talent, grace, impact, presence.” Another added on Instagram, “Breaking records since 1998 with Destiny’s Child and since 2003 by herself!!! Talent, vocals, longevity, IMPACT.” 

	However, the Swifties were not pleased with the “Crazy In Love” singer being ranked above Taylor. Many fans pointed to the numbers, with one fan reacting, “So f**kig annoying ttpd was the most streamed album on apple, Taylor was the most streamed artist and billie Eilish won apple artist of the year? Billboard can mention how absolutely amazing taylor is and how much better she is than Beyoncé but still not give her best pop star.” 

Billboard also acknowledged Swift’s impressive stats, writing in their Bey blurb, “While Taylor Swift is the century’s biggest pop star by the numbers — from album sales to streams to touring dominance — our editorial staff chose Beyoncé.” 

	










	It’s worth mentioning that the two women are oftentimes pit against each other by fans, but continue to support each other in reality. The “Love Story” singer has consistently praised Bey throughout the years, and the latter attended the former’s premiere of The Eras Tour Concert Movie last October. 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.