Manage your account
WASHINGTON, DC - DECEMBER 03: Dionne Warwick and President Joe Biden at the The Kennedy Center Honorees reception at The White House on December 03, 2023 in Washington, DC. The 2023 honorees include comedian and actor Billy Crystal, opera singer Renée Fleming, the Bee Gees’ Barry Gibb, rapper and actress Queen Latifah and singer Dionne Warwick.
If there was one thing we learned in 2023, it is not to mess with Dionne Warwick. No one could have anticipated Ms. Warwick becoming the queen of X (fka Twitter) at 83 years young—yet here we are, and she continues to prove why she deserves her crown into the new year.
An article allegedly appeared in the UK gossip rag The Daily Mail on Dec. 28 that mistakenly reported that Ms. Warwick would be on the list of entertainers attending a multi-million dollar fundraiser for U.S. presidential hopeful Robert F. Kennedy, Jr. To which Warwick responded, “I don’t know anything about this event. I did not agree to it and I certainly won’t be there.”
Read more
Ram Will Still Sell You A Brand-New, 16-Year-Old Truck
R.I.P. Cindy Morgan, from Caddyshack and Tron
2023 NFL sacks leaders
The New Battlestar Galactica Reboot Gets a Promising Update
Judd Apatow declares Barbie's Adapted Screenplay designation "insulting"
One social media commenter then suggested, “Revealed: Dionne Warwick cures Cancer.” And we must admit, we like the sound of that, too.
“Daily Mail is going to learn that they can’t touch #blackdivamagic Not today, not tomorrow…..Not Ever!!!” wrote one social media commentator on X.
Another commentator chimed in with, “Dionne Warwick ending people is exactly how I wanted 2024 to start.”
Us, too!
After a lifetime in the spotlight, Dionne Warwick has become a national treasure, and she recently received a Kennedy Center Honor to prove it, alongside Queen Latifah, Billy Crystal and other longtime entertainment heavyweights.
But no one does Twitter like Warwick.
When billionaire Elon Musk took over the platform and began to make questionable changes to its functionality, such as changing its name from Twitter to X, Warwick said she would like a word.
“I have yet to speak to that young man and I intend to because I am not quite sure what he’s doing or if he knows what he’s doing,” she said about Musk potentially removing the blocking feature on the app.
Referencing the potential “cool” headlines that should be associated with Warwick’s name, legendary Wonder Woman actor Lynda Carter asked, “You have time to collaborate with Rihanna AND take over as supreme commander of Twitter, @dionnewarwick?”
If anyone octogenarian can, it’s Warwick. As she recently posted for her birthday on Dec. 12, she is “83 and feeling fine.”
More from The Root
Consumer Reports Says These Are The Least Reliable Cars For 2024
A Mountain of Used Clothes Appeared in Chile’s Desert. Then It Went Up in Flames
Let's Rank The Assassin's Creed Games, Worst To Best
The natives are getting restless at Ohio State and LSU
Kevin Hart and Ice Cube both respond to that fiery Katt Williams interview
Sign up for The Root's Newsletter. For the latest news, Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
Click here to read the full article.