Username
Password
Remember me
Forgot your password?

                                Subscribe today to gain access to every Research Intelligencer article we publish as well as the exclusive daily newsletter, full access to The MediaPost Cases, first-look research and daily insights from Joe Mandese, Editor in Chief.
                            
If you're already a paid subscriber, please sign-in.
Username  
                                    
Password  
                                      Forgot?
Log in if you are already a member
Username  
                                    
Password  
                                      Forgot?
Fresh off a series of
new product announcements, Apple is promoting the “effortless performance” of its new M4 chips with an extended visual sports metaphor, imagining a seemingly superhuman athlete as a
stand-in for the technology.
Created in partnership with dedicated agency partner TBWA/MAL, Apple’s new campaign depicts the M4 Chip as a weightlifter who makes the seemingly impossible
seem like “No Sweat."
In a hero ad launched yesterday, Apple’s M4 stand-in competes in a weightlifting competition. After
lifting a heavy weight over his head, Des’Ree’s 1994 hit single “You Gotta Be” begins playing as he then proceeds to twirl it around like a baton in an acrobatic display,
before adding even more weights and lifting them with his pinky.
advertisement
advertisement
Directed by Megaforce, who has directed ads for brands including Burberry, as well as music videos for stars like Madonna and
Rihanna, the ad included the involvement of a couple of real-world athletes. The spot is narrated by two-time Olympic skater and sports commentator Johnny Weir. Behind the scenes, six-time world
champion baton twirler Yvonne (Bonnie) Palacios served as a coach for the baton-imitating weightlifting sequence.
“No Sweat” concludes with a nod to the M4, followed by the tagline
“Effortless power” and “The new Macbook Pro” appearing onscreen alongside viewers finally getting a look at the true subject of the ad in its final moments.
In its
announcement, Apple described the device as “the ideal choice for entrepreneurs, students, creators, or anyone doing what they love,” while touting its faster speeds, greater processing
power,  “Apple’s most advanced graphics architecture,” and its AI capabilities through Apple Intelligence.
The announcement marked the latest -- and arguably most
important -- in a series of recent product launches powered by the Cupertino computing colossus' M4 class of chips (comprising M4, M4 Pro, and M4 Max), including the introduction of its Mac mini
desktop, the launch of a new iMac and new iPad mini.
advertisement