We spoke to the rapper about her go-to beauty picks and birthday glam mantra.
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we love. Promise.
One thing you need to know about JT? She’s a beauty girlie. I’ve been saving her selfies as inspo on IG for a while now, but nothing stopped me in my tracks quite like the look she donned for her birthday party at the Rick Owens store in Miami to kick off Art Basel 2024. “Even though I can do whatever I want beauty-wise every day, I just feel like my birthday is the day to showcase my alter ego,” she tells Cosmo. Without further ado, lemme explain: 
This iconic silver look (which JT calls “pretty rustic Barbie”) is that of my holiday dreams. As a fellow Sag, I understand that sharing your birthday with a month where everyone else is coating themselves in shimmer can feel a bit frustrating. Let me be the one shining, dammit. But JT turned out all the stops to make this silver eyeshadow look take over the whole room. And I, personally, intend to wear it over and over this holiday season. 
Actually, metallics are set to be one of the biggest 2025 makeup trends (shout-out to Loewe and Miu Miu’s spring/summer runway shows). So if you wanna get in on the glam early, just cover your entire eyelid in silver eyeshadow. First, ofc, you should prep with an eyeshadow primer (and if you’re using a chunky glitter eyeshadow formula, dab on a glitter primer just where you want the reflects to stick, like in your inner corner or the center of your lids). 
You’ve got options when it comes to silver shadows though. You can never go wrong with a shadow stick, especially if you’re the lazy type (me as hell). But if you prefer a hyper-shiny metallic that looks like foil on your lids, go for a liquid shadow that you can swipe on with a flat eyeshadow brush. But if your vibe is all about the glitters (think of the chic flash photos!!), pat on a glitter eyeshadow with your fingers for the most impact. I’m obsessed with this one from Valentino Beauty because it has enough opacity to coat your eyelids in silver but also features a megawatt shimmer that really catches the light. 
FWIW, JT takes her birthday “really, really seriously,” btw.  “I treat my birthday like Halloween—I feel like it’s the day to truly do whatever I want to do when it comes to beauty,” she says. In general, she says she’s v intentional about the looks she turns out. “I feel like beauty and fashion go hand in hand, but beauty is so much more important to me because if you look good, then everything else comes together,” she says.  
With that said, JT went all the way with her second look, shown above. So if you’re down to ~take it there~, you’ll need to cover yourself in silver glitter. It’s the holidays though! Everyone’s already covered in glitter anyway. But I get it—it’s a little revealing for the office holiday party. I will be taking some tips from her face card (scroll to the third slide to be amazed). Pairing this silvery glitter all over plus a few thick coats of black mascara and this black-cherry lip? That’s the beauty I dream about, babes. 
To get this coveted lip, line with a dark-brown or black lip liner (depending on your skin tone and how deep you want to take the look). My pick? The Ami Colé Soft Shape Waterproof Lip Liner, which doesn’t budge and comes in a range of dark tones. Then swipe on a plummy, dark-red lip gloss. Shop my faves here: 
Remember when I said JT’s a beauty girl? I meant it. “From the neck on up is really important to me; hair and makeup are the most important things because people always see your face first,” she adds. And she gave us some pretty damn good product recs too:
“If you’re a brown-skin girl—like my complexion—I highly recommend you finish your makeup off with this powder under your eyes,” she says. “It is the perfect finish and will have your face looking fresh all night.” Another major tip for keeping your makeup on in the midst of a hot and sweaty bar? “Get a fan,” she says. “Although I hate walking into the club with a fan, I really like it when people bring me one.” Same. 
JT’s signature glossy brown lip is that of dreams. “I swear by MAC Chestnut Lip Liner always,” JT says. But when she leaves for the party? Trust she’s only got the essentials—no bag in sight. “I just bring my lip gloss and my phone,” she says. “It’s my birthday—everything is on everybody else but me.”
Beth Gillette is the beauty editor at Cosmopolitan, where she covers skincare, makeup, hair, nails, and more across digital and print. She can generally be found in bright eyeshadow furiously typing her latest feature or hemming and hawing about a new product you "have to try." Prior to Cosmopolitan, she wrote and edited beauty content as an Editor at The Everygirl for four years. Follow her on Instagram for makeup selfies and a new hair 'do every few months. 
Ilia’s Limitless Mascara Finally Comes in Brown
The Ultimate Guide to Microblading Your Brows
The Easiest Way to Conceal Stubborn Redness
Is Prada's $35 Mascara Worth the Price?
Clinique's Viral Black Honey Lipstick is $19 RN 
The Best Beauty Product for Your Zodiac Sign
All The Deets on Huda Beauty's New Setting Spray
MAC’s Lipglass 2.0 Just Dropped
Legit Every MUA Swears By This Tinted Moisturizer
What A Cosmo Beauty Editor Would Buy at Sephora Rn
Here, I Found the Best Liquid Blushes for You
Hailey Bieber’s Go–To Foundation Is Worth The $$$
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.