Rihanna's Fenty Beauty has launched a new £34 foundation that promises to give you a 'golden hour glow' perfect for the summer season. Fenty, owned by Rihanna, is a favourite among beauty enthusiasts for its diverse shade range and variety of formulas and finishes, making it a top choice when searching for a new foundation.
The brand has now introduced another new formula, which we're pretty sure will become your summer essential. The Fenty Beauty Soft'Lit Naturally Luminous Longwear Foundation, available for £34 here, boasts long-lasting wear, waterproof properties, and is packed with skincare ingredients. Plus, it guarantees to provide that sought-after golden hour glow all day.
Golden hour is often seen as the ideal lighting for flattering photos, casting a natural, radiant golden glow that smooths and evens out your skin, leaving you looking healthy and glowing. But since the real-life golden hour only lasts about 60 minutes, any foundation that pledges to offer the same effects throughout the day is definitely a winner in our eyes.
 The new Soft'Lit foundation is a high-performance medium coverage foundation that helps blur and diffuse imperfections and blemishes, leaving your skin looking smoother and more glowy. The mica-free formula also includes Fenty's signature natural limouns complex, which is made up of easy-gleam oils, polymers and powders which give you a luminescent finish without any extra shine, reports the Mirror. 
However, it's not just aesthetically that it works its magic it also helps your skin underneath, too. It contains skin-enhancing ingredients including cyperus papyrus leaf cell extract and kakadu plum extract to protect against free radicals and pollution whilst also delivering antioxidants to your complexion.
It also controls surface oil whilst simultaneously improving skin discolouration and dark spots over time, maximising your skincare routine throughout the day. The foundation comes in the same 50 shades as another of Fenty's best-selling foundations, the Pro Filt'r Soft Matte Longwear Foundation, £34 here, so you can pick up the exact same shade in new Soft'Lit formula.
Another radiant foundation fave is the NARS Natural Radiant Longwear Foundation, now £31.20 here (originally £39), a celeb secret for that perfect dewy glow with full coverage. It's been hailed as a "holy grail" by many beauty enthusiasts, with one shopper gushing: "I'm nearly finished my 3rd bottle and will without a doubt be repurchasing. I cannot live without this in my makeup bag. I wear it 90% of the time as my foundation. I've very dry skin but this doesn't dry it out or feel heavy on the skin. I'm forever getting complimented on it. It's amazing."