Usher is set to take the stage for the Super Bowl halftime show Sunday, one of the most lucrative—albeit unpaid—performance opportunities for artists looking to promote their music, and he’s already teased a few details, like possible surprise guests and a setlist that honors the R&B genre.
Usher will perform at the halftime show just two days after releasing his new album, "Coming Home." ... More (Photo by Ethan Miller/Getty Images)
Justin Bieber, Beyoncé, Lil John and Ludacris are among the rumored guest stars of Usher’s halftime performance—and Alicia Keys was reportedly seen rehearing for the show Thursday.
Usher teased his performance in a Vogue cover story, stating he wants to honor not just R&B music, but “R&B performance, R&B connection, R&B spirit” and will invite special guests, though he did not name any names.
The performance will involve “killer choreography,” Vogue reported, as well as costume changes and even roller-skating—he has frequently performed on skates at his Las Vegas residency, which concluded with its 100th show in December.
Usher’s team secured a 15-minute slot for his halftime performance, he told Entertainment Weekly, up slightly from the typical 13 minutes artists are allotted—a tight timeframe due to the speed with which the stage must be set up and torn down.
Though he didn’t confirm which songs he will perform, Usher told Billboard in an interview about his halftime performance that his favorite song to sing is “U Got It Bad,” his 2001 hit single that topped the Hot 100.
Apple Music, the sponsor of the halftime show, released a teaser for Usher’s performance Wednesday in which Ludacris and Lil Jon (Usher’s collaborators on his 2004 hit, “Yeah!”) as well as actress Taraji P. Henson call Apple CEO Tim Cook on FaceTime to tell him Usher went “missing.”
Usher may use the Super Bowl as an opportunity to promote his upcoming music. He’s due to release “Coming Home,” his first solo studio album in eight years, on Friday, two days before his performance. He already released lead single “Good Good,” featuring Summer Walker and 21 Savage, in August. He’s also set to embark on a North American tour this summer. The ticket presale begins Feb. 7, but the general sale opens on Feb. 12—one day after his halftime performance.
Artists often perform many of their biggest hits at the Super Bowl halftime show, and Usher—one of the highest-selling musicians of the 2000s—has achieved nine No. 1 singles on the Billboard Hot 100 and has many more big hits to choose from. His biggest songs on the Billboard charts include “Yeah!,” “"You Make Me Wanna..." and "U Got It Bad,” Billboard reported. Some of his other hit singles are collaborations with other artists, prompting speculation about whether any of them will join him onstage: He teamed up with Alicia Keys on “My Boo,” will.i.am on “OMG,” Young Jeezy on “Love in This Club” and Pitbull on “DJ Got Us Fallin' in Love.”
Usher won’t get paid for performing at the halftime show, just like any other headliner. But the Super Bowl is still a lucrative performance opportunity for artists because of the huge streaming and sales boosts they typically enjoy after singing for an audience of more than 100 million people. Last year, Rihanna saw a 390% boost in song sales and a 211% increase in streams from the Saturday before her halftime show to the Monday after. Some of her songs—including “Pour It Up” and “Where Have You Been”—saw sales increases upwards of 1,000% and streaming boosts of more than 400%.
Usher will take the stage Sunday night during football’s biggest game, which will pit the Kansas City Chiefs against the San Francisco 49ers. The game will begin at 6:30 p.m. and will air on CBS, and viewers can also stream it on Paramount+, CBS.com or on CBS Sports apps. Other performers include Reba McEntire, who will sing the “Star-Spangled Banner,” Post Malone, who will perform “America the Beautiful,” and Andra Day, who will perform “Lift Every Voice and Sing,” commonly known as the “Black National Anthem.”
Why Usher Won’t Get Paid For The Super Bowl Halftime Show (Forbes)
Super Bowl 2024 Guide For Non-NFL Fans—Usher’s Halftime Show And Other Top Performers (Forbes)
Usher: Gentleman, Comeback King, Super Bowl MVP (Vogue)