We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
Start your engines!
RuPaul’s Drag Race UK will officially return to our screens for season six on Thursday, September 26, the BBC has confirmed. 
New episodes will air from 8pm on BBC Three and BBC iPlayer, and launch weekly in the same Thursday night slot. 
This news comes shortly after the official line-up of queens was revealed.  The new UK season will see Mama Ru back alongside Michelle Visage, Alan Carr, Graham Norton and a host of celebrity guest judges.
The cast boasts an impressive line-up of queens including a Britain's Got Talent star, a Rhianna look-alike, and the show's oldest queen yet.
So, let's meet the 2024 cast of Drag Race UK...
Season six’s youngest queen is 21-year-old Actavia, who says becoming a Ru girl is a “dream come true”.
“I'm from a tiny little town in North Wales called Bala but I now live in Manchester. Bring on the Welsh!” Actavia said. “I always like to add a villainess look to my drag aesthetic but I’m really approachable – I promise!”
Representing Scotland this year is 25-year-old Chanel from the Isle of Bute.
Chanel already has links to Drag Race UK royalty, having made outfits for season two winner Lawrence Chaney.
“I make all of my own clothes, and I’ve created looks for other queens too. In fact, a lot of my work has already featured on the show,” she revealed. “I’m so proud of that, but it’s now time for me. I want to show off all of my creations ON ME - and I want to win!”
“Hello world! My name is Charra Tea, I'm 23 and I am from Belfast, Northern Ireland.”
Charra has confessed she’s a very competitive queen, adding: “I always like to be the best. I've only competed a few times in drag, and only won once, so hopefully I can win again. Fingers crossed!”
Making Drag Race UK history as the show’s oldest contestant ever is “48 years young” Dita Garbo from Folkestone in Kent.
“I serve burlesque Hollywood glamour,” she explained. “My influences are burlesque icon Dita Von Teese and Hollywood starlet, Greta Garbo. Hence my name – Dita Garbo.”
Dita insists she’s not too worried about being the oldest in the competition: “I can jump, split, kick, turn, shablam, drop, turn, backflip, split again... but then I might need some help getting up!
“The nice thing about being older is that you come to the competition with a lot of wisdom. If the younger queens need it, I’ll give them some motherly love and advice, but if they annoy me, I'll tell them!”
Hoping to “snatch the crown and shut it down” is 25-year-old Kiki Snatch.
The young London-based queen says she’s all about performance and promises to deliver the party atmosphere.
“You’re going to get cartwheels, splits, dips, tricks, games with the audience... You’re just going to have a fun, fabulous time,” she teased. “That’s why they call me Kiki!”
Originally from Lancashire, 26-year-old Kyran Thrax takes inspiration from Lady Gaga and art house horror films.
“I'm raring to go, the timing is perfect. I am going to be a monster,” Kyran enthused. “I’m a performer, and whilst studying Acting and Contemporary Theatre at drama school, I was doing Shakespeare, expressionism, and clowning... and so I thought why not put it all together and mix it with my love of make-up and drag.”
Fans may recognise “seasoned diva” La Voix from her appearances on Britain’s Got Talent, Queens for the Night, and Absolutely Fabulous: The Movie.
From Stockton on Tees, the 43-year-old queen is well known for her singing and comedy skills.
“I’m known for big, loud belty songs and I love to make ‘em laugh,” she said. “I’ve toured all over the world with my one woman show... and now I’m here on RuPaul’s Drag Race UK!”
“My name's Lill, I'm 36 years old, and I'm from the best place in the world – Manchester! I’m gorgeous, I’ve got great style, I’m creative, fun and I’m easy like a Sunday morning.”
Describing her drag style as “creative and rebellious”, Lill enjoys finding hidden treasures from charity shops and transforming them into stunning looks.
“The best thing about me is my sense of style,” she revealed. “My style is usually glamorous pin up girl, but sometimes it can be freaky and weird! Fashion comes and goes, but style is forever”
24-year-old Marmalade describes herself as “the crown jewel of Cardiff drag”.
“I would describe my drag as Hollywood glamour, all wrapped up in a gorgeous Welsh sense of stupidity,” she said. “I like to think that I give vintage aesthetic with a modern twist!”
When she’s not in drag, Marmalade works as a full-time seamstress and has previously made outfits for Drag Race UK alumni including Lawrence Chaney, Victoria Scone and Tia Kofi.
London-based queen Rileasa Slaves, 32, says she’s often told she resembles a certain iconic pop star.
“I have been told I resemble a certain worldwide superstar named Rihanna,” she revealed. “Like Rhianna, I’m also a Caribbean queen, a glamazon, and a superstar, but I’m not Rihanna. I’m the real Rileasa, ready to be rileasa’d onto the world.”
Originally from Australia, Saki Yew has since settled down in the Manchester drag scene.
“It's really important to me to represent my cultural identity in my drag and so I serve Australian showgirl glamour, mixed with high energy Filipino sass and a sprinkle of Northern wit and realness,” the 33-year-old said. “I think I am a bit of a Frankenstein drag queen!”
28-year-old Zahirah Zapanta from Nottingham says she’s feeling “incredible, beautiful and most importantly humble” ahead of season six.
“The look is correct, the hair is laid, the performances are fabulous, but the personality is a chaotic mess,” she remarked. “I’m so proud of my British Filipino roots and it has influenced my drag so much.
“I grew up with a lot of powerful women in my life. Growing up with Filipino aunties, my mum, my sister and lesbian aunties has definitely shaped Zahirah. The genetics do help me look this fabulous too!”
RuPaul's Drag Race UK airs on BBC Three in the UK and streams on WOW Presents Plus in the US.
Interested in talking about all things Drag Race? Visit our dedicated sub-forum
Read more Drag Race news on our dedicated homepage
News Editor, Digital Spy
Emma is an experienced entertainment news journalist with NCTJ accreditation and a First-Class Honours Degree in Journalism. Having started her career as a broadcast journalist, Emma’s voice has been heard on varying radio stations across the UK including Absolute, Magic, BBC Three Counties Radio, LBC London News and more.  
Later specialising in multimedia entertainment news, Emma has brushed shoulders with numerous famous faces and interviewed the likes of Edward Norton, Margot Robbie, Sir Michael Palin, Rick Astley, and too many soap stars to count. Having produced a range of engaging news content over the years for brands such as 7Digital’s Entertainment News, Yahoo, and Express Online, Emma eventually joined Digital Spy in 2022 as Deputy News Editor, becoming Acting News Editor in 2023 and then News Editor in 2024.  
While she’s gained lots of praise during celebrity interviews throughout her career, the most memorable compliment Emma’s ever received was when a Game of Thrones star remarked "Your teeth are stunning!". LinkedIn
 
Drag Race star Jiggly Caliente dies age 44
CBB's Danny Beard breaks down in tears
RuPaul's Drag Race star has leg amputated
Drag Race's The Vivienne documentary announced
The Vivienne's posthumous cameo reveals first look
Drag Race UK’s Bimini opens up about addiction
The Vivienne confirmed for posthumous cameo
RuPaul pays tribute to The Vivienne at UK DragCon
RuPaul pays tribute to The Vivienne after death
Emmerdale cast pay tribute to The Vivienne
Drag Race UK winner The Vivienne dies aged 32
Drag Race's La Voix teases exciting new project
DIGITAL SPY, PART OF THE HEARST UK ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK
We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England. All Rights Reserved.