The blessing of new parenthood appears to have had zero impact on the sartorial prowess of Hailey and Justin Bieber, who remain as daringly stylish as ever. We’re living in a post-Rihanna-and-A$AP world—where leopard-print coats and fuzzy Louis Vuitton slippers now qualify as mom-and-pop fits as much as yoga pants and New Balance sneakers—and the Biebers are gleefully taking full advantage.
Into the wee hours of Thursday morning, the Biebers attended a glitzy event for Hailey’s skincare brand Rhode at Italian hotspot Funke (one of the couple’s favorite date-night locales) in Beverly Hills. In his typical wonky fashion, Justin wore a beefy beige plaid overshirt with ultra-baggy sand-washed jeans, lug-soled black shoes, and a jaunty Western-stlye leather hat. Hailey, meanwhile, managed to out-big-fit him in an oversized, double-breasted pewter suit from Anthony Vaccarello’s Saint Laurent, inspired by the brand’s namesake founder Yves Saint Laurent’s signature suiting. (Hailey is a longtime ambassador for the label.) She folded up the cuffs of her striped dress shirt underneath, and matched her spotted merlot tie to her silk clutch bag.
Earlier this week, the couple hit up another buzzy Hollywood spot, The Nice Guy, to attend singer Doja Cat’s 29th birthday party. They matched in all-black ensembles that, unlike the big jeans/bigger suit pairing above, better hewed to their typical preferred silhouettes: Hailey opted for a sleek leather trench coat and pointy-heeled boots, while JB layered a big leather bomber jacket over a hoodie, with techy pants, jumbo Balenciaga “Stomper” boots, and a tasseled scarf wrapped around his head.
The next night, Justin hopped onstage with his frequent collaborator, the Houston rapper Don Toliver, for a surprise performance of their song “Private Landing.” For the occasion, he wore a flame-printed Balenciaga hoodie, mesh shorts, woven Bottega Veneta loafers, and a white cotton beanie.
The Biebers have yet to share photos of their son, Jack Blues. But if their own continued sartorial excellence is any indication, one can only imagine the truly bonkers baby clothes they must be outfitting him in everyday.
This Is the Coolest Way to Wear Jeans in 2025
Justin Bieber’s Most Normal Outfit in Ages Is Worth Copying All Spring
Inside the Fight to Save American Selvedge Denim
Nike Is Dropping a GoldenEye 007-Themed Air Max 1 This Week
Tuxedo vs. Suit: A 101 Guide to Men’s Formal Dress Codes
Sign up for Show Notes to get news on the latest runway shows, parties, and insider events on the international fashion circuit.
More From GQ
Connect
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. GQ may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices