The perfect ingredients to stir up summer 2024? An iced coffee and a slogan tee, of course.  Baileys has already stirred up iced coffee with the new menu at Grind, and to celebrate summer for iced coffee lovers everywhere, has created a playful slogan tee from iconic slogan tee connoisseur and ‘king of the sequins’ Ashish, available to purchase exclusively at Grind.co.uk from 26 July.
Fresh from dressing Jessie Ware for her headline West Holts slot at Glastonbury, creating a custom creation for Kerry Washington, and dressing Taylor Swift (including the Eras Tour tees she’s wearing right now), Ashish is no stranger to creating iconic looks for celebs, also  including Madonna, Rihanna and Miley Cyrus. This summer, though, he’s created the must-have summer statement tee, for those with something to say about their love for iced coffee.
Baileys and Ashish are inviting iced coffee lovers to embrace the new slogan, “Put Your Baileys in My Coffee,” showcased on a playful summer-inspired tee. This slogan reflects Baileys’ role as a co-conspirator in indulgent moments and the iconic status of iced coffee in popular culture, frequently seen in the hands of our favourite celebrities. The tees are available in two styles: a white cropped tee and a boxy tee, both featuring an embossed black glitter print.
The iced coffee revolution has been growing over the last few years, with sales up 35% in 2022, (NielsenIQ 52 w/e 1 January 2022) and the obsession has taken over online. Feeds are flooded with users sharing their personalised iced coffee order, their favourite serves at home, or style inspirations with iced coffee set up as the accessory to their summer fit. Iced coffee culture has evolved to become a way of life for Millennials who are driving iced coffee spending across the globe. In popular culture, its driving huge collaborations for some of Gen Z’s biggest stars  across the globe from Emma Chamberlain to Charli D’Amelio – with editorial and reddit rooms discussing the LGBTQ+ community’s claim that iced coffee is an ‘avatar’ for them, (GQ, 2019). Its hold on culture is serious.
Charlotte Gibbon, director of gins, Pimms, Baileys, and Non-alc at Diageo GB, said: “This summer is all about stirring things up for iced coffee lovers with Baileys, and after launching our menu at Grind, we wanted to celebrate iced coffee’s iconic role in culture, through a playful collaboration with an icon of slogan tee design.
“We’ve recruited another co-conspirator in indulgent moments in Ashish and we’re so excited to see people styling their tee with their Baileys iced coffee this summer.”
Ashish, fashion designer and creative director of the campaign tees, said: “I have always been such a huge fan of Baileys, so I jumped at the chance to stir things up this summer to create an iconic summer statement to embrace in this new tee.
“I was so inspired by Baileys’ archival advertising campaigns: how they embodied playfulness, an air of indulgence and a wicked sense of humour. These tees are for iced coffee lovers, and people who want to have fun this summer!”
The activity is supporting Baileys global ‘Stir Things Up?’ campaign with UK activity including D/OOH placements across London, paid social media, and paid online video activity, as well as creator content collaborations to drive audiences to enjoy Baileys Iced Coffee this summer.
The Baileys x Ashish Iced Coffee slogan tees will be available at: https://Grind.co.uk/products/Grind-baileys-Ashish-bundle and available for those aged 18+ to purchase as a bundle priced at £35 including x1 t-shirt, x1 Pink Grind tin with ethically sourced ground coffee and a 35cl Baileys.
WHITE RABBIT is taking on the premium ambient biscuit aisle, with a category-first authentic gluten-free...
Creator of authentic Mexican food, Gran Luchito, is proud to announce that Morrisons will now...
The Glen Grant Single Malt Scotch Whisky announces the release of The Glen Grant 30-Year-Old,...
This Coeliac Awareness Month, BFree is supporting Coeliac UK by donating 40p from every pack...
Nude nails are always in style - but this season, they’re getting a modern update....
Skechers, The Comfort Technology Company™ and a global leader in lifestyle and performance footwear, is...