Trust that she's found ways to get "more creative and clever" with her hairstyles since.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Even Rihanna, Fenty Beauty mogul, multi-platinum artist, and fan of luxury dressing with a message, faces the most relatable of motherhood side-effects: postpartum hair loss.
Speaking to Refinery29 at the Fenty Hair launch party in Los Angeles on June 12, Rihanna admitted that shedding hair after becoming mother to sons Riza, 2, and Riot, 10 months, caught her by surprise. (Specifically, she said it was "not on the pamphlet" for pregnancy.)
“I didn’t expect it to happen in waves," Rihanna explained of the hair loss she experienced after giving birth. "I thought it would just happen and grow back."
Rihanna opened up about her postpartum hair loss while wearing her natural curls and a custom Khaite outfit to the Fenty Hair launch party.
The "Needed Me" singer noted that she lost hair in patches. “At that point you’re just like alright enough is enough," she said.
She was able to make the transformation work for her by experimenting with hairstyles in "more creative and clever" ways. She's dabbled in everything from blonde bangs and box braids to petal pink hair. Most recently, Rihanna debuted a pixie cut highlighting her short, natural curls—presumably to show off how hard her new hair care line works.
Rihanna officially launched Fenty Hair on Thursday, June 13. The line debuted with rapturous reviews from early testers, including Marie Claire beauty director Deena Campbell.
She test-drove the lineup of conditioning treatments and with help from Yusef Williams, Rihanna's longtime hair stylist. The verdict? "The products are effective; my hair felt healthy and stronger days after usage, and my blowout lasted an entire three weeks, even in the sweltering New York heat," Campbell said.
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
Rihanna designed Fenty Hair with the goal of supporting stronger, healthier hair through every style—and phase of life. "You know how much switching my hair up matters to me," she said in a statement. "I’ve had almost every texture, color, length, from weaves to braids to natural—so I am launching a flexible line of products for not only every hair want, but every single product is designed to strengthen and repair all types of hair, which is what we truly need!"
Halie LeSavage is the senior fashion and beauty news editor at Marie Claire, where she assigns, edits, and writes stories for both sections. Halie is an expert on runway trends, celebrity style, emerging fashion and beauty brands, and shopping (naturally). In over seven years as a professional journalist, Halie’s reporting has ranged from fashion week coverage spanning the Copenhagen, New York, Milan, and Paris markets, to profiles on industry insiders like celebrity stylist Molly Dickson, to breaking news stories on noteworthy brand collaborations and beauty product launches. (She can personally confirm that Bella Hadid’s Ôrebella perfume is worth the hype.) She has also written dozens of research-backed shopping guides to finding the best tote bags, ballet flats, and more. Most of all, Halie loves to explore what style trends—like the rise of emotional support accessories or TikTok’s 75 Hard Style Challenge—can say about culture writ large. She also justifies almost any purchase by saying it’s “for work.” 
Halie has previously held writer and editor roles at Glamour, Morning Brew, and Harper’s Bazaar. She has been cited as a fashion and beauty expert in The Cut, CNN Underscored, and Reuters, among other outlets, and appears in newsletters like Selleb and Self Checkout to provide shopping recommendations. In 2022, she earned the Hearst Spotlight Award for excellence and innovation in fashion journalism. She holds a Bachelor’s Degree in English from Harvard College. Outside of work, Halie is passionate about books, baking, and her miniature Bernedoodle, Dolly. For a behind-the-scenes look at her reporting, you can follow Halie on Instagram and TikTok.

Just another Hollywood star to join the bob-aissance.


She one hundred percent pulls them off.


From '00s favorites to short-lived hidden gems.


The entrepreneur has extended Fenty Beauty’s reach in the Caribbean and she got a new manicure to celebrate.


She captivated the front row.


The star brought early aughts beauty nostalgia to the 2025 Oscars after-party.


The pop star's latest campaign feels like something straight out of Lumon Industries.


This spicy reddish-brown hair trend was made for the beloved actor.


The platinum blonde star brought '90s bedhead glamour to the red carpet premiere of 'The Electric State.'


If this mysterious handheld device is good enough for the Oscar winner, it's good enough for me.


The beauty founder is tapping back into a milky white nail trend.


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.