Welcome to the It List Summer Guide edition, where we share staff picks for the best in entertainment as the weather gets warmer. Catch the weekly It List here for the latest releases that we can’t wait to watch, stream, listen to, read and binge.
Each year, a catchy tune is crowned the “song of summer” for dominating airwaves and playlists between Memorial Day and Labor Day. It’s typically upbeat, easy to dance to and can be heard blasting everywhere from car stereos to beach blankets to crowded restaurants for weeks on end.
It’s an arbitrary title with no physical award that memorializes which artist best captures the good vibes of the warmest months. Past songs of summer include “As It Was” by Harry Styles and “Call Me Maybe” by Carly Rae Jepsen.
Taking streaming, radio and sales numbers into account, one song will emerge as the most popular of the season — and often, that trajectory is noticeable by May. Let’s unpack which tracks are in the running for song of summer in 2024 and look back on the most popular songs of years past.
Music discovery avenues have multiplied over the last decade. It has become increasingly difficult to determine the sole song with the most cultural and commercial success. What’s constantly on the radio might be different from Spotify’s most popular songs, and what’s unavoidable on TikTok might not have any impact on song sales.
Bearing all that in mind, we calculated some of the top contenders in the weeks leading up to Memorial Day.
Several artists who have been known to release chart-topping hits put out new albums in the last few months:
Dua Lipa’s most recent singles, “Training Season” and “Illusion,” are popular, but there’s a chance another song from her May album Radical Optimism might break out.
Taylor Swift gave fans 31 new songs to listen to in April — so far, “Fortnight” has the most momentum.
Billie Eilish’s single “Lunch” is getting a lot of attention online. It’s too soon to tell what its chart performance will look like, but Eilish has a penchant for going viral.
Ariana Grande’s newest album was released in March, and “We Can’t Be Friends (Wait for Your Love)” is still gaining steam.
Highly anticipated new music from Charli XCX and Normani are due for release in the early summer months, though it’s not yet clear what songs will be breakout hits.
Though Beyoncé’s “Cowboy Carter,” which came out in March, seems to have peaked long before summer, there’s still a chance that she could release music videos that could jolt hits like “Texas Hold ‘Em” back into contention.
After being featured twice on Beyoncé’s album, Shaboozey might have a breakout song with “A Bar Song (Tipsy),” which is all over TikTok.
Post Malone, also featured on Swift and Beyoncé’s newest albums, crossed over to country, releasing the song “I Had Some Help” with Morgan Wallen. The duet immediately went No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 the week after it was released.
Two ultra-popular tour openers are currently considered pop’s middle class — beloved online, but not quite selling out stadiums in real life. This summer could change that:
Sabrina Carpenter has a few popular songs under her belt, but Swift’s tour opener is poised to become a bona fide pop star with her new song “Espresso.”
Chappell Roan, who has seen major breakout success since opening Olivia Rodrigo’s tour, has a serious contender with “Good Luck, Babe!”
Rapper Kendrick Lamar appears at the MTV Video Music Awards in 2017, left, and Canadian rapper Drake at the premiere of the series Euphoria in 2019. (AP Photo)
Kendrick Lamar and Drake have been trading diss tracks since March. Some of the their jabs have made it to the top of the charts:
Kendrick Lamar’s verse on “Like That,” a Metro Boomin and Future song, ignited a feud that’s been simmering for nearly a decade — and went No. 1. Heading into summer, it’s still in the top 10 of the Billboard Hot 100.
So far, the biggest song the beef has produced is Lamar’s searing “Not Like Us,” which went No.1. His tracks “Euphoria” and “Meet the Grahams” are still popular, but “Not Like Us” is getting the most radio play, which gives it the greatest chance of breaking out.
Drake’s responses, “Push Ups” and “Family Matters,” are popular, but not on the same level. It’s possible the two artists could keep going at it, soundtracking our summer with disses.
Tyla attends the 2024 Met Gala. (Gotham/Getty Images)
Low-key R&B songs like “Saturn” by SZA and “Jump” by Tyla could show up on a lot of chill summer playlists.
A number of songs with a soulful drawl are dominating radio play, including “Too Sweet” by Hozier, “Lose Control” by Teddy Swims and “Beautiful Things” by Benson Boone.
TikTok could catapult a song to viral fame in mere days. Two current TikTok-driven hits that could be contenders include “I Like The Way You Kiss Me” by Artemas and “Million Dollar Baby” by Tommy Richman.
Though the concept of a dominant summer song became popular many decades ago, the term was popularized in the 1990s. By the 2000s, achieving the label of “song of summer” from media outlets became a competition for artists.
Take a look back on the top summer song for every year from the past two decades, according to data from Billboard, and feel the warm nostalgia of summers past:
2023: “Last Night” by Morgan Wallen
2022: “As It Was” by Harry Styles
2021: “Butter” by BTS
2020: “Rockstar” by DaBaby feat. Roddy Ricch
2019: “Old Town Road” by Lil Nas X feat. Billy Ray Cyrus
2018: “In My Feelings” by Drake
2017: “Despacito” by Luis Fonsi & Daddy Yankee feat. Justin Bieber
2016: “One Dance” by Drake feat. WizKid & Kyla
2015: “Cheerleader” by OMI
2014: “Fancy” by Iggy Azalea feat. Charli XCX
2013: “Blurred Lines” by Robin Thicke feat. T.I. + Pharrell
2012: “Call Me Maybe” by Carly Rae Jepsen
2011: “Party Rock Anthem” by LMFAO feat. Lauren Bennett & GoonRock
2010: “California Gurls” by Katy Perry feat. Snoop Dogg
2009: “I Gotta Feeling” by The Black Eyed Peas
2008: “I Kissed a Girl” by Katy Perry
2007: “Umbrella” by Rihanna feat. Jay-Z
2006: “Promiscuous” by Nelly Furtado feat. Timbaland
2005: “We Belong Together” by Mariah Carey
2004: “Confessions Part II” by Usher
2003: “Crazy In Love” by Beyoncé feat. Jay-Z
2002: “Hot in Herre” by Nelly
2001: “U Remind Me” by Usher
2000: “Bent” by Matchbox Twenty
Looking for more summer fun? Check out our guides:
Source link 
I'm an interactive digital experience bringing you the latest in fashion, music, entertainment, art and social media & technology. I was created in 2009 in the hopes of making your life more fun by giving you a media consumption experience unparalleled to any other.
Stories that matter with people who matter. Connecting you with the brightest lights in the entertainment and fashion industry. New issue below!