Manage your account
When Beyoncé drops her album “Cowboy Carter” on March 29, fans will be treated to over 20 new songs, including four collaborations with other artists.
This week, the singer released a track list for the highly anticipated album and TODAY.com can confirm that several country legends will be featured on the new release.
Hungry for more details as you eagerly await the album's U.S. debut on Friday? Here's everything we know about the musical collaborations so far.
Rumors have been swirling for months that Beyoncé may have covered Dolly Parton's hit song "Jolene" and it's now confirmed. When Beyoncé’s shared the track list for her album on March 27, the song "Jolene" was featured prominently on the graphic and Parton took to social media to share her excitement.
"Listen to my original 'Jolene' while you wait for @Beyonce’s COWBOY CARTER," she wrote on X. 
Even before the news was confirmed, the Queen of Country spoke out about a potential "Jolene" cover in early March during an interview with Knox News.
"I think she’s recorded ‘Jolene’ and I think it’s probably gonna be on her country album, which I’m very excited about that,” she said. “I love her! She’s a beautiful girl and a great singer.”
Parton went on to explain that she and Beyoncé have "kind of sent messages back and forth through the years."
This isn't the first time Parton has spoken publicly about her admiration for the "Texas Hold 'Em" singer. The country legend previously posted on Instagram to share her excitement for Beyoncé's new country album.
“I’m a big fan of Beyoncé and very excited that she’s done a country album,” Parton said on Feb. 22. “So congratulations on your Billboard Hot Country number one single. Can’t wait to hear the full album!”
Miley Cyrus, who happens to be Parton's goddaughter, will appear on Beyoncé's new song “II Most Wanted.”
Cyrus previously collaborated with both Beyoncé and Rihanna in 2008 for a performance at a Stand Up to Cancer event. In 2023, the "Flowers" singer recalled the special moment during an installment of her "Used to Be Young" TikTok series. 
“What I remember most from doing this performance is I was standing in between two of the big legends and icons that I was looking up to at the time, and they treated me like a little sister the entire time,” she said. “They were being really sweet.”
Beyoncé sought out some major country star power for her latest album. In addition to Parton, Willie Nelson, 90, also appears on "Cowboy Carter" in a song called “Smoke Hour.”
On the track list, the song appears in the center towards the top in small print with Nelson's name in larger font.
One week ago, Post Malone teased a collaboration with country singer Morgan Wallen in an Instagram video. Now, the musician is featured on Beyoncé's latest album on a song called “Levii’s Jeans.”
Beyoncé collaborated with Shaboozey, 28, for a song called "Spaghetti" that appears on "Cowboy Carter."
He previously released two country-inspired albums, including 2018’s "Lady Wrangler" and 2022’s "Cowboys Live Forever, Outlaws Never Die."
Per Beyoncé Press, the track "samples" DJ Dedé Mandrake's Brazilian funk song "Aquecimento — Vem Vem Vai Vai.”
Country musician Tanner Adell lent her vocals to Beyoncé’s cover of the Beatles’ "Blackbird," on her album.
When Adell initially heard about "Cowboy Carter," the 20-year-old posted a video on TikTok expressing how psyched she was for the new music.
"If you know me at all, you know, Beyoncé is my number one favorite entertainer and one of the entertainers I look up to most. She's an incredible vocalist, dancer, writer, woman and mother and i cannot wait for this album," she captioned the post.
Then, during an interview with NBC’s Emilie Ikeda that aired on TODAY March 29, the Lexington, Kentucky native opened up about the impact the singer has had on life and career.
"This woman single-handedly got me through the pandemic," Adell said. "I watched 'Homecoming,' her documentary from the Coachella performance of 'Homecoming.' I watched it every single day in 2020 and that's really what got me through. She's inspired me in so many ways and the biggest way hasn't even been sonically so much."
Adell also noted that the album will likely have a "seismic" affect on country music and its artists.
"The butterfly effect from this album will span probably the rest of our lives and for me, it felt very important to be able to support other girls that are in the same position as me and being Black women in country music," she added.
Country musician Willie Jones will also appear on "Cowboy Carter." He'll be featured a song called "Ya Ya" with Beyoncé, per Beyoncé Press. 
After hearing Beyoncé's song “Texas Hold ‘Em," the 30-year-old posted a video of himself mouthing the words to the track and breaking out in a dance. "Im so excited about this one!" he captioned the post.
For the song “Protector,” Beyoncé enlisted her six-year-old daughter Rumi for the heartwarming track.
At the beginning of the song, Rumi can be heard in an audio snippet where she says, “Mom, can I hear the lullaby please?”
The song appears to be a tribute to her children — twins Rumi and Sir, as well as her 12-year-old daughter Blue Ivy Carter — as she sings, “I will lead you down that road if you lose your way / Born to be a protector / Even though I know someday you’re gonna shine on your own / I will be your projector.”
This article was originally published on TODAY.com