A simple yet statement-making look
Burgundy is the color of the season, and according to It girls, the hue doubles as a neutral. Just last week, Zendaya and beau Tom Holland stepped out in matching merlot-red looks, while Rihanna co-signed the color with her beloved burgundy Bottega Veneta clutch. Dua Lipa also put her own spin on the shade, not only flaunting a cherry cola-hued satin set, but hair to match. Especially as the weather cools and a muted winter palette approaches, the color seems inescapable. 
Last night, Zoe Saldaña proved the hue is here to stay as she stepped out at the 27th SCAD Savannah Film Festival in Georgia. As she walked the red carpet, she mimicked its color in a slinky two-tone gown, which featured a red scoop-neck top paired with a slim burgundy skirt. The sleeveless fit of the dress was emphasized by ribbon shoulder accents, each tied into bows and adding a simple flourish to her look. 
Saldaña accessorized with a layered silver necklace, and wore a smattering of gold rings to round out her metallic jewelry, from Marco Bicego. She wore her highlighted brown hair in tousled waves with a middle part, and brought the seasonal hue of her look full-circle with a matching glam. A burgundy eyeshadow accentuated her brown eyes, while a rosy pink blush and a glossy pink lip gave her a lit-from-within glow. 
The Avatar actor joined The Hollywood Reporter Scott Feinberg’s Awards Chatter podcast at the film festival, taking part in a special Q&A. The hour-long discussion highlighted Saldaña’s career, as well as her new film Emilia Pérez, which also stars Selena Gomez.
Tracee Ellis Ross Sports Wedge Balmain Boots
Dua Lipa Gives Leather Looks the Spring Treatment
Doechii Pays Homage to André Leon Talley
Hailey's Miami Outfits All Had This in Common
Bella Hadid Poses in Poolside Lingerie and Curlers
Prince Harry Says He May Not Return to the U.K. 
George Clooney Played Softball In Central Park
Hunter Schafer Gives the Tracksuit a Playful Twist
Blake Lively Wears a “Wedding Gown” on Late Night 
Bella Hadid Glows in a Bubblegum-Pink Set
J.Lo’s Dress Shimmers Like a Starry Night Sky
Hailey Bieber’s Party Dress Is Made of Watches
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.