The Bravo star is making some changes
Jon Kopaloff/Getty; Jesse Grant/Getty 
 Kyle Richards is making some major changes amid her separation from husband Mauricio Umansky. 

 Following reports that The Agency co-founder, 54, had moved on from his estranged wife after being photographed kissing a mystery woman at the airport in Mykonos, Greece on July 16, the Real Housewives of Beverly Hills star, 55, seemed to redefine their relationship.

 “Mom, actor, author, producer, animal lover, a RHOBH,” her Instagram bio reads as of Friday, July 19. 

 Eagle-eyed fans noticed the reality star scrubbed “wife” from her list of roles. 

Monica Schipper/Getty; Jon Kopaloff/The Hollywood Reporter via Getty 
 Since then, Umansky’s “mystery woman” has been identified as actress Nikita Kahn. 

 In addition to the steamy airport image, which showed the 31-year-old embracing the father of three, TMZ shared photos and videos of the pair looking cozy at Scorpios Beach Club in Mykonos. 

 The former couple — who got married in 1996 and separated after 27 years of marriage in 2023 — are parents to daughters Alexia, 28, Sophia, 24, and Portia, 16. Richards is also mom to daughter Farrah Brittany, 35, from her previous marriage with Guraish Aldjufrie.

 While the Buying Beverly Hills star is spending time in Greece, Richards was spotted back in the States at the Minnesota Yacht Club music festival in St. Paul, Minn., with gal pal Morgan Wade. 

Leah Puttkammer/Getty
 There have been ongoing rumors about the nature of her friendship with the country singer, 29, for quite some time. 

 Though neither have confirmed a romantic relationship with one another, they often leave room for speculation.

 Never miss a story — sign up for PEOPLE's free daily newsletter to stay up-to-date on the best of what PEOPLE has to offer​​, from celebrity news to compelling human interest stories.

 “I'm evolving, I'm changing," the Halloween actress said during the season 13 reunion of RHOBH after talking about their kiss in one of Wade’s music videos. "I'm clearly going through some evolution of my own and I don't know. I don't know what my future holds right now." 

 Even Rihanna has weighed in on the topic.

 "Listen, I love Kyle," she told Interview magazine in April. "It’s weird commenting on her relationship because I don’t know the facts. I just feel like she was able to re-observe her marriage through a new lens."

Steve Granitz/FilmMagic
 The PEOPLE Puzzler crossword is here! How quickly can you solve it? Play now!

 "For once, someone else made her feel valued, made her feel like she was cute and quirky and fun and all the great things that maybe were taken for granted before," the Fenty Beauty mogul continued.

 "And that’s why I believe that there’s something with Morgan, because sometimes, it takes that for you to fight for what you deserve," she added.

 In May, Richards appeared on the Bitch Bible podcast and confirmed that Umansky moved out of their shared home and into a place in West Hollywood. 

 “I always knew when that day came it would feel strange,” she said, adding that when she came home, “everything” was “so quiet."

 She may no longer be a "wife," but she's still a "real housewife." Richards confirmed she will be returning for season 14 of RHOBH, which is currently in production.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)