The rapper's fourth radio champ in just over two years knocks Kendrick Lamar's "Not Like Us" from the perch.

													By
												

	Trevor Anderson


GloRilla has much to celebrate this week as her single “TGIF” tops Billboard’s Mainstream R&B/Hip-Hop Airplay chart. The track rises from No. 2 to crown the list dated Sept. 21 and was the most-played song on U.S. monitored mainstream R&B/hip-hop radio stations in the tracking week of Sept. 6-12, according to Luminate.

	The song’s coronation comes after a 15% gain in plays for the tracking week, compared with the previous frame. Thanks to the surge, “TGIF” wins the Greatest Gainer award, given to the song with the week’s largest increase in play count.

	










	With “TGIF,” GloRilla grabs her fourth No. 1 on Mainstream R&B/Hip-Hop Airplay. The Memphis-raised rapper first led the chart with her breakthrough hit, “F.N.F. (Let’s Go),” with producer HitKidd, which reigned for one week in 2022. The 10-week juggernaut “Tomorrow 2,” with Cardi B, followed in 2022-2023, while her third visit to the summit came via “Yeah Glo!,” a two-week champ earlier this year.




			Trending on Billboard		






	“TGIF” evicts Kendrick Lamar’s “Not Like Us” from the penthouse after the latter ruled for the last nine weeks, of 11 total in charge. By taking the throne from Lamar’s culture-shaping hit, GloRilla enjoys a bit of revenge. Her previous single, the Megan Thee Stallion collaboration “Wanna Be,” parked in the runner-up spot for five weeks in August – September, blocked from the No. 1 spot by “Not Like Us.”

	A standalone single, “TGIF” scored viral popularity, with plenty of Internet posts playing off several lyrics, including the track’s “it’s 7 pm Friday / it’s 95 degrees” opening lines. Rihanna also elevated the track’s popularity soon after its release, with a TikTok post of her rapping alongside the song having just over 157 million views on the social platform.

	Elsewhere, “TGIF” repeats at its No. 2 high on the R&B/Hip-Hop Airplay chart, which ranks songs by combined audience totals from adult R&B and mainstream R&B/hip-hop stations. Despite remaining in second place, “TGIF” improved to 15.8 million in weekly audience, up 13% from the previous week and enough to capture the Greatest Gainer honor. It also advances 3-2 on Rap Airplay (up 14% in audience) and 16-12 on Rhythmic Airplay (a 19% increase in plays).

	










	Continued ascent across the radio formats help “TGIF” soar 30-22 on the all-genre Radio Songs chart, where it jumps to 22.7 million in total audience, a 14% weekly gain. The airplay strength, in turn, pushes “TGIF” to new heights on the multi-metric Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart, which blends radio airplay with streaming and sales data for its ranks. There, “TGIF” steps 7-6 to a new peak, in its 12th week on the list.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.