Who want smoke with C?
Chris Brown made scathing remarks about an alleged hook-up with Saweetie and the 2022 shooting death of Takeoff in a new diss track aimed at Quavo.
On the track titled “Weakest Link,” the “No Guidance” singer seemingly claimed that he had sex with the “My Type” rapper — born Diamonté Quiava Valentin Harper — when she was in a relationship with the Migos emcee, whose real name is Quavious Marshall.
“You f–ked my ex-ho, that’s cool, I don’t give no f–k, lil’ n–a (Still a bitch) / ‘Cause I f–ked your ex when you were still with her, bitch, I’m up, lil’ n–a (I’m up) / They say revenge is sweet (Revenge is sweet), now think about that s–t /  Don’t let that line go over your head, I might just sing about that s–t,” Brown, 34, rapped.
“I had her fiendin’ ’bout that d–k, there’s somethin’ sweet about that s–t (Yeah, yeah, yeah, uh) / I got some tea up out that bitch, but I ain’t gon’ speak about that s–t.”
While Brown did not directly say Saweetie’s name, he used the word “sweet” before he rapped that the line shouldn’t go “over your head.” 
For more Page Six you love…
Following the release of the diss track, the “Icy Grl” rapper, 30, took to Twitter to share that she was going to “rewrite” the verse to her forthcoming song, “Nani.”
Page Six has reached out to Saweetie’s rep for comment but did not immediately hear back.
Brown also rapped about the tragic death of Quavo’s Migos bandmate Takeoff — born Kirsnick Ball — who was shot and killed in a Houston bowling alley in November 2022. He was 28.
“R.I.P. Takeoff, he the only real one that got true respect / Crazy how when he died, everybody really wished it was you instead,” the Grammy winner rapped.
Quavo, 33, reacted to the diss track by sharing a meme of Young Thug looking straight into the camera during his ongoing YSL gang trial on his Instagram Stories Saturday. 
Issues between Brown and the “Hotel Lobby” emcee date back to 2017, when they reportedly got into a physical altercation following a BET Awards afterparty, which happened to be a few months after Quavo was seen out with the singer’s ex Karrueche.
This is the second time Brown has dissed Quavo in his music. In his song “Freak,” he referenced the “Stir Fry” rapper’s romance with the former “Claws” actress, 35.
However, Quavo hit back with his track “Tender,” in which he referenced Brown physically abusing his ex Rihanna. 
Advertisement