A hairdresser who got kicked out of school at 13 says he is living his dream after being invited to New York Fashion Week.
Callum Walker, from Moston, left education when he was just a child having struggled with behavioural issues at school.
While studying at a pupil referral unit, a place for those unable to attend mainstream school, Callum took up an unpaid role at a friend’s salon.
Join our WhatsApp Top Stories and Breaking News group by clicking this link
The teen worked his way up before securing a training programme with haircare company Wella and putting 29 qualifications under his belt.
Callum, now 23, went on to create his own brand, Swarvella, eventually becoming the go-to stylist for travellers seeking extravagant and glamorous looks.
Callum is now well-known for his voluminous styles – a fixture of weddings and big social events within the travelling community. For his first Traveller wedding, Callum stayed overnight at the Hilton hotel in Doncaster and ended up using 3,500 hair grips to style a group of girls.
The Swarvella Instagram page, which has amassed nearly 10,000 followers, is where Callum attracts most of his clients.
It also caught the eye of a photographer who Callum says has worked with stars including Rihanna.
The photographer invited the hairdresser to Milan Fashion Week last year to help style international models and asked him to attend New York Fashion Week earlier this month.
Callum flew out to the Big Apple and soon got to work styling models’ hair for photoshoots and runway walks.
Reflecting on his journey, Callum says he feels “overwhelmed” and “amazed” at what he has managed to achieve.
“For a long time, I just kind of felt a bit incomplete,” the told the Manchester Evening News. “I don’t know. It just wasn’t sinking in.
“When I was in New York, it just clicked in my brain. When I got to Times Square, I got really emotional.
“I thought of all the people in the past who tried to push me down while I was stood in the middle of Times Square for work. I was so amazed and so overwhelmed.”
Callum, who lives in Blackley, was previously named Rising Star at the prestigious UK Hair and Beauty Awards 2022 and is a finalist for Hairstylist of The Year at this year’s ceremony.
Though he offers his services internationally and now mainly works within the travelling community, Callum works at a salon in Blackley once a week.
“After being an excluded child almost all my life, things are starting to look a little different for me,” he added. “It’s changing for the better.”
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.