New York Fashion Week doesn’t start ’til Emily Ratajkowski walks in.
The model, who is a regular during fashion month, made her first appearance of the season at Hourglass Cosmetics’ lipstick launch in Manhattan on February 9, where she debuted a chic short haircut—and an even shorter dress. How do I know, aside from Getty Images? I was there! And the first thing I noticed was how noticeably short Ratajkwoski’s hair was…and how familiar the cut looked.
The midi-lob cut has been spotted on everyone from Rihanna and Selena Gomez to Jennifer Aniston and Emma Stone so far in 2024. And we’re only two months into the year.
As for why such a seemingly simple look is trending? The blunt, long bob is basically the best of both worlds, making a statement without sacrificing too much length. It’s also not so long that it reaches high-maintenance territory, meaning it passes the quiet-luxury vibe check. Plus, it’s especially flattering on a wide range of face shapes.
“Ideal on those with wider, rounder, or heart-shaped faces, the long bob has been getting more popular throughout the year and the final evolution of this shape has straightener sides and softer ends,” celebrity hairstylist and Evo Hair international color creative director Tom Smith, tells Glamour. “This is almost reaching a ‘short’ long haircut thanks to the lack of blunt lines.”
As for her dress? That looked familiar too. And as it turns out, it is: Kylie Jenner wore the Jacquemus design to the designer’s Les Sculptures Paris show at Couture Week. Which, to bring things really full circle, is a show that Ratajkowski walked in!
The (inexpensive) pièce de résistance: opaque red tights.
That wasn’t Ratajkowski's final stop—or ’fit—for the night. The My Body author—and her haircut—went on to make an appearance at Puma RTW’s fall 2024 show, where she embraced a more sporty aesthetic and seemed to restyle her lob with a wave. It’s giving effortless.
For some additional Emily Ratajkowski mid-length lob inspo that feels more weather appropriate, be sure to consider her wintertime Manhattan street style—and sleek hairstyle—below.
Happy New York Fashion Week!
Danielle Sinay is the associate beauty editor at Glamour. Follow her on Instagram @daniellesinay.
More from Glamour
See More Stories & Guides
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Glamour may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices