Shay Tamir
For singer-songwriter Eden Golan music isn’t just art — it’s a way to heal through trauma, build community, and transform the deepest emotions into something beautiful. “It’s truly the thing that motivates me,” says the Israeli pop star. “All I want to do is make people feel better, give them hope, and inspire them.” And that, she most certainly does. Representing her homeland in the 2024 Eurovision Song Contest, Eden has made her country proud as her lyrics serve as a glimmer of hope and a pillar of strength amid a world that is filled with so much hate and pain. “This is my purpose…using my music, my voice, and my performances to make the world a better place,” she admits. Now, the 21-year-old remains hard at work in the studio preparing for her upcoming album and talks to Life & Style about the personal journey behind her latest single “Older,” which explores the bittersweet nature of time, the musical influences that have shaped her sound, and her dream collabs.
What did it mean to you to represent Israel in the annual Eurovision Song Contest?
EG: This year, it meant so much more than just representing our country and singing a three-minute song on a huge stage. It carried so much more meaning, emphasis, and importance than any other year. Getting that honor to be that person was a huge weight on my shoulders that I knew I was going to be able to take on. It was a very significant moment to show our voice, show that we’re here and we’re here to stay, and share our love. I not only represented an entire country, but an entire nation.
Your music serves as a source of light to people worldwide. How does that make you feel? 
EG: Over the moon. I want to help people with music like music helped me. This is my escape in life. Music is such a universal and beautiful language that anyone can connect to.
How has writing music served as a source of comfort and motivation for you? 
EG: I feel like it’s one of the only ways I can truly say my feelings and through my music, I want to tell my story, and through my story have people connect to it on their own levels. It’s also fun to meet creative writers and producers and create together and learn something new and try something different. I always say, I would not be able to write music without being on stage, but it’s also the opposite way. I wouldn’t be able to be on stage without writing the music. It’s just amazing to see how a song can be written in a closed room with people that you connected to and then suddenly it comes alive on stage, and you have millions of people singing. It’s really incredible. That’s what makes me want to do more and more and more all the time.
You just released a new song, “Older.” What was the writing process for this single like and what message do you hope to spread? 
EG: “Older” was written in a double session day. I got into the session, and I didn’t know what was going to come out of it. It was new writers and new producers I had never worked with before and somehow I was telling them my story and I’m pretty sure someone said at the time, “Wow, I can’t believe you’re 20. It doesn’t feel like you’re 20, you’re so mature, I thought you were much older.” And I kept saying, “Yeah, I feel so much older. I don’t feel like a 20-year-old,” and just somehow through everything I was saying, I figured I wanted to write about that. There are life situations you cannot control, and you go through, which literally change your perception and make you older than you should be. I remember finishing the session and just thinking how much it also connects to the situation these days and kids who grow up in war and they can’t be out in the gardens lost in dreams. They’re in trauma and situations they can’t control and that just touched me. I take all of my songs seriously, but this song has such an important message.
Take us back to the beginning of your musical journey. What first inspired you to pursue singing? 
EG: Well, I never thought I would be a singer. I started off as a rhythmic gymnast and thought I’d be in the Olympics. But I think I definitely had it somewhere in me that I wanted to be on stage. My parents told me that when I was a kid, I would sit them down on the couch and tell them to watch me perform. I think it was somewhere in me, always hidden.
What was the moment that changed it all for you?
EG: We were on holiday in Thailand with family and friends and there was a lobby reception singer who had vocalists, and I was like, “Well, I want to sing as well!” So, I kind of went up, I sang, and I kept begging my parents to get me a vocal teacher. I think that moment kind of changed it for them. Then slowly, slowly, somehow, I got on my first big TV show at the age of 11 and it just somehow rolled. I did “The Voice Kids” show and was a finalist there and then I was signed to a big producer in a girl pop group.
Who are some of your musical influences or role models?
EG: At the age of 9 to 10, Miley Cyrus, Hannah Montana, was a huge thing for me. I think the first song I performed with was also hers, so she was definitely an influence. But overall, throughout the years, Ariana Grande and Beyoncé have been iconic role models.
Are there any collaborations or artists you dream of working with in the future? 
EG: I love creating and exploring. I definitely want to do some DJ collabs. I’d be down for anyone. If I’m talking about big ones, then like, Beyoncé, hi. Ariana Grande. Rihanna. I’d love to do something with Yebba Smith. Tate McRae would be cool. But there’s so many people that I would love to get in the studio and create with.
Has anyone made you starstruck?
EG: I don’t think I get starstruck but I’m pretty sure if Beyoncé would come into the room right now, I would faint! Beyoncé or Ariana!
What would you say has been the best career advice you’ve gotten?
EG: Be delusional. Literally, be crazy delusional. See yourself, imagine things, manifest. Believe in your dreams — that’s the only way.
Conversation
All comments are subject to our Community Guidelines. Life & Style does not endorse
						the opinions and views shared by our readers in our comment sections. Our comments section is a place
						where readers can engage in healthy, productive, lively, and respectful discussions. Offensive language,
						hate speech, personal attacks, and/or defamatory statements are not permitted. Advertising or spam is
						also prohibited.
					
Life & Style has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
Life & Style is part of the a360media Entertainment Group.Copyright © a360media 2025. All Rights Reserved
By clicking Sign In, you agree to our Terms and Conditions and that you have read our Privacy Policy.
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include:
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include: