Please refresh the page or navigate to another page on the site to be automatically logged inPlease refresh your browser to be logged in
This year’s Met Gala will be on Monday 6 May 
I would like to be emailed about offers, events and updates from The Independent. Read our Privacy notice
The 2024 Met Gala is taking place next month, with the theme of the event dedicated to “Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion,” or 50 historically significant pieces, some of which are far too fragile ever to be worn again.
The fashion soirée is set to return to the Metropolitan Museum of Art on 6 May 2024, in celebration of the Costume Institute’s upcoming exhibition.
According to Vogue, the annual fashion event will pay homage to the theme through the dress code: “The Garden of Time”. The dress code takes inspiration from a short story of the same title, written by JG Ballard in 1962.
Along with the publication’s editor-in-chief, Anna Wintour, there will be four co-chairs of the event: Bad Bunny, Chris Hemsworth, Jennifer Lopez, and Zendaya. Held at the museum’s Costume Institute, each guest invited to attend the event is carefully chosen by Wintour. 
Whenever the Met Gala is held, there are certain guidelines that guests will be expected to follow should they want to stay in Wintour's good books.
From an age restriction to a ban on selfies, here are five of the unexpected rules put in place at the Met Gala.
One would think that all who attend an event as glitzy as the Met Gala would be forgiven for taking the odd photograph to capture special moments of the occasion.
However, in 2015, it was reported that use of social media had been banned from the event, in order to clamp down on celebrities spending the majority of the evening on their phones.
“The use of phones for photography and social media will not be permitted inside the gala,” a notice sent to all guests stated.
The apparent ban at the Met Gala has been flouted by numerous guests in the past, with beauty mogul and reality TV star star Kylie Jenner taking a large bathroom selfie at the event in 2017.
In 2018, it was revealed that the Met Gala had decreed a new age restriction.
This meant that high-profile individuals under the age of 18 were no longer allowed to attend the event.
“I can't go, because I'm not old enough,” then 16-year-old model and dancer Maddie Ziegler told The Hollywood Reporter in 2018 when asked whether she would be present on the coveted Met Gala red carpet.
While it was initially suspected that the new age restriction had been introduced due to the 2018 Met Gala theme “Heavenly Bodies: Fashion and the Catholic Imagination”, a spokesperson for the event confirmed that the decision had been made because “it's not an appropriate event for people under 18”.
In 2017, celebrities including Bella Hadid, Dakota Johnson and Marc Jacobs were pictured smoking cigarettes in the bathroom at the Met Gala.
That same year, it was reported that board members and donors had expressed their dismay over guests smoking at the event, with one saying it was “disrespectful to the art collection”.
According to Page Six, following the complaints, guests at the 2018 Met Gala were informed that it was “illegal to smoke in the museum”.
It was allegedly mentioned on the event's invitations that smoking at the event was strictly banned.
In 2003, a ban on smoking indoors in New York City in locations including office buildings, bars and theatres was enforced by then-mayor Michael Bloomberg.
Following the Met Gala red carpet, guests at the event are treated to a cocktail hour and a formal dinner.
According to The New York Post, certain food items are purposely omitted from the menu at the request of Wintour herself.
A former Vogue employee told the publication that parsley is banned to avoid the risk of the herb getting stuck in people's teeth.
Neither onion or garlic is served at the event, so as to avoid any bouts of bad breath, whilst bruschetta isn't offered to guests in case of any food spillages on extravagant ensembles.
In 2016, model Karlie Kloss had her floor-length Met Gala gown cut into a mini dress for the after-party following a red wine spill on the white fabric.
Wintour is very particular about where her Met Gala guests sit on the night of the event.
In the 2016 documentary The First Monday in May, which details the degree of planning that goes into the occasion, the director of special projects at Vogue, Sylvana Ward Durrett, explained that a lot of “power-brokering” goes into the seating plan.
“A lot of thought goes into who sits next to who, if they sat together last year, if they've sat next to each other at other events, so much goes into it, it's shocking,” Ward Durrett said.
According to Ward Durrett, spouses are never seated next to each other.
“The whole point of these things is to meet new people, and to be interested in what others are doing. What's the point if you come here to hang out with your husband?” she added.
Join thought-provoking conversations, follow other Independent readers and see their replies
Please refresh the page or navigate to another page on the site to be automatically logged inPlease refresh your browser to be logged in