When it comes to blush, I think the more, the better. I can't help it — I love the stuff. My fair skin just looks better with a bit — OK, a lot — of warmth. I'm constantly drooling over celebrity beauty looks that feature rosy cheeks, like that of Sabrina Carpenter and Tessa Thompson. 
One of my go-to blushes (and there are a lot of them) is from Fenty Beauty, specifically the Cheeks Out Freestyle Cream Blush. It has decent staying power but to make it really last, I apply a complementary blush on top. So, when I found out Rihanna was launching a new cream-and-powder-in-one blush formula that's long-wearing and waterproof, I jumped at the chance to try Fenty Cheeks Suede Powder Blush ($28) before anyone else. Plus, I got the scoop from Fenty Beauty's new artistry ambassador, Pauly Blanch, to learn what makes it so special. Keep reading ahead for my full review.  
My biggest complaint about powder blush is that they're hard to blend and I prefer a swipe and go situation. There's just not enough time in the morning to fight with patchy pigment. Fortunately, Fenty Cheeks Suede Powder Blush is almost as easy to blend as a cream. The satin formula diffuses on the skin beautifully with the new Blush Brush 155 (as well as an old Real Techniques fluffy brush I grabbed at home). 
Another reason I don't love typical powder blush is they tend to look chalky on my dry skin. They also show every imperfection. Cream products tend to work best on my almost 40-year-old skin because they don't settle into fine lines. Fenty Cheeks Suede Powder Blush didn't either, thanks to ingredients including dimethicone, a silicon-based polymer that smooths over bumps and pores, and silica, which provides a super-silky feel. There's also magnolia bark extract that has the anti-inflammatory properties to reduce redness and irritation, making it a great choice for those with sensitive or acne-prone skin — both of which I also deal with.
But even after being impressed with the silky formula and pretty color payoff, my favorite thing about Fenty Cheeks Suede Powder Blush is the staying power. Blanch agrees. "I'm a big cream user, but sometimes with creams, they sink into the skin and you lose some of that punchiness," he tells PS. " So having this powder is really great to amplify the look." 
I first applied Fenty Cheeks Suede Powder Blush in Lolly Polly (a vibrant coral) around 9 a.m., sat under some bright lights, then walked around Los Angeles when the temperature hit around 100, went home, took a nap, and woke up still wearing enough blush to not have to reapply. The brand says the formula is not only sweat-resistant but also waterproof. While I didn't jump in the pool, I did sweat enough to put it to the test and it got an A.  
A little goes a long way with this formula, so be careful when going too heavy into the pan. "I like starting with a little patting motions so not picking up too much product," Blanch says. "[You] can also do a little tap if there's too much on the end." Then, for that Rihanna-favorite, snatched blush look, he likes to "start on the outside of the eye from the high point of the cheekbone, not too front-forward." Then, he blurs it out to give the face a lift. "I start with tiny little sweeping motions just above the contour line," he says. "I don't use a lot of product but you get payoff really quickly. And then whatever is left on the brush I just continue to blend it through and really blur out those edges." He finishes with sweeping motions. 
"This is your first application, which you really want to make your base color almost. It's the one that blends out onto your skin. I also like to bring a little bit above the eyebrow and on the nose — always."  
To add a little more, you can simply build up where you want it. With this layering technique, "it won't look so specifically put just one spot." Blanch says. "It makes it easier to blend out."
Because Fenty Cheeks Suede Powder Blush has serious pigment, it's easy to apply too much and panic trying to remove it, getting blush all over your face. Blanch has an easy trick for toning down the look without messing up your hard work. "If you use too much, get your foundation brush that you were using prior and press it on the outside rim of the blush," he says. "That will diffuse the area."
Fenty Cheeks Suede Powder Blush is available at Fenty.com, Sephora, and Ulta Beauty.