The humble bob is as chic as ever

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

The bob hairstyle might have been one of the biggest hair trends of last year, but it's already proving to be a firm favourite in 2025 too. From the French bob to the lob, the humble bob isn't going anywhere (although long hair is making a comeback, too). 
Although there's a lot to consider—face shape, whether or not you have thick or thin hair, styling capabilities, desired style—one thing's for sure: they'll never go out of style, and that's pretty much a fact. There are so many variations of the cut to choose from that it's virtually impossible not to find one you'll suit.
There's the classic chin-skimming bob, of course, but also more modern iterations such as the Scandi bob and the 90s bob. And the good news is, if you need a visual representation of these choppy styles, there's a whole host of A-listers in the celeb-sphere with great bobs to choose from—there's plenty to choose from in our hair archives.
Keep reading for the best bob hairstyles 2025 has to offer. Tempted much? I know I am, and I've had long hair my whole life.
One of the biggest spring/summer hair trends for 2025 is ghost waves—a natural-looking, soft and barely-there wave that Saoirse Ronan makes look effortlessly chic.
Forget what Gen Z might be saying about the side parting, Leslie Bibb makes this sharply side-parted, structural bob look achingly cool.
Soft, pretty and full of volume, the Italian bob was hugely popular last summer (much in part thanks to Zendaya’s gorgeously bouncy cut) and we predict it will make a comeback this year.
Celebrity news, beauty, fashion advice, and fascinating features, delivered straight to your inbox!
The boyfriend bob, AKA the Bieber bob, is exactly what comes to mind when you think of a bob. Chin grazing, chunky ends, and a slight wave. It literally looks perfect. All of a sudden I'm considering taking 20 inches off.
Raye is the moment, and her bouncy French bob is currently giving me all of the inspiration I could possibly need.
Florence Pugh is making a very strong case for the androgynous, slicked-back bob—and I'm all ears.
If you are naturally blessed with glossy hair, Charithra Chandran's fringed bob is one for your inspiration board. If, like me, your hair could use a shine boost, look to hair glosses.
Thin and fine-hair ladies, here's one for you. Carey Mulligan keeps her bob soft and fluffy to generate lived-in volume.
While French bobs might be known for being lived-in and seemingly unstyled, Naomi Campbell shows that the polished French bob, with a blunt fringe and finish, looks equally as good.
A side-swept, perfectly waved, glossy Hollywood bob? Greta, I'm listening.
Jenna Ortega has made a choppy bob the look of the past couple of years. Adding waves for extra texture creates gorgeous movement which looks effortless.
If you thought you couldn't experiment with colour with a bob, then let Milly Alcock's Golden Globes 2023 look inspire you. The blonde ends make the sleek bob extra special. We love the addition of the face-framing strands too.
A bob cut above the chin might feel super short, but it looks incredible on so many people, including Lana Condor. And hey, think of all the time you'll save drying it.
Rihanna's wispy bob and fringe style might've debuted back in 2016, but I still love it just as much to this day. 
Probably the go-to hairstyle of the decade is the lob, aka the long bob, popularised by many a celebrity over the last few years. Whether you like a curly lob or tousled, mid-length waves, this is probably the most versatile hairstyle you can go for, as Chrissy Teigen shows.
Marsai Martin gives us a lesson in how to create a middle-parted, blunt braided bob. I couldn't love this look any more if I tried.
Even more dramatic than chopping off all your hair is chopping off all your hair and having a fringe cut in. Whether you prefer a blunt full fringe or sweeping side bangs, your hairdresser will help you choose the right one to suit your face shape. 
Want a dramatic 'do that makes an impact? A poker-straight asymmetric bob ticks all the boxes.
Allow Kerry Washington to convince you to try a blunt, cropped bob with a micro fringe. It's sure to turn heads and get compliments.  
Charlize Theron has tried so many bobs on the red carpet, but this 2021 bob has to be up there with our favourites—a tousled and slightly wet look. 
Margot's coiffed, asymmetric long bob is the epitome of chic.
Yara Shahidi wore her curly hair with blunt cut ends and a slightly wispy fringe. 
Emilia Clarke's look is a perfect example of how to style the half-up do with a bob.
Take your cue from the original queen of the bob and go for a centre parting and a subtle side fringing.
She may have grown it out now, but Lily Collins had one of the best bob hairstyles we've ever seen. Although she usually styles it wavy, we also love this vintage vibe.
Get a super sleek finish with these BaByliss cordless straighteners that'll glide through your ends with ease. 
If you want an easy lived-in bob hairstyle without the faff of actually trying to style your hair, Ouai's Air Dry Foam does all the work for you whilst your hair dries. 
Amika Curl Corps works hard to define curls and add bounce. 
This all-in-one wonder will condition, smooth and add shine to your mid-lengths and ends. 
Dionne Brighton is a writer at Marie Claire UK, specialising in all things shopping, beauty and fashion. Born and raised in North London, she studied Literature at the University of East Anglia before taking the leap into journalism. These days, you can find her testing out the latest TikTok beauty trends or finding out what the next full Moon means.  

I will never be without this


New year, new hair


Save this for you next hairdressers appointment


Expert advice on the best bobs to make your hair look fuller


Timeless and low-maintenance


You better believe there's some bob insights, too


Sweat-proof, low-maintenance and oh-so-chic


The best bob styles for women over 50, as chosen by an expert


Marie Claire UK is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury,
Bath
BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.