A couple from two of India’s richest families have planned a ‘pre-wedding’ party so grand it has a 9-page dress code, over 2,500 food dishes and a number of famous faces are rumoured to be attending, including Rihanna.
Anant Ambani and Radhika Merchant, who are set to marry in July, have reportedly hired 21 chefs to cater for their 1,000 guests at the extravagant event this weekend at Anant's parents' house in Jamnagar, India.
Big names like Bill Gates, Mark Zuckerberg and Hillary Clinton are rumoured to be on the guest list, while Rihanna and Punjabi musician Diljit Dosanjh will perform during the weekend, the Times reports. It won't be the first time Anant's family has thrown a lavish bash, as they reportedly paid Beyonce $6m to come and sing at his sister's wedding in 2018.
Radhika, 29, is the daughter of billionaire Shri Viren Merchant, the boss of private health company Encore Healthcare. Anant, 28, is the youngest son of Mukesh Ambani, India's richest man and the head of Reliance Industries, a company worth $110bn. The loved-up pair are said to have been childhood friends and both attended university in the US.
The invitation for the pre-wedding bash has been shared widely on social media, with a message to guests reading: "With hearts full of joy and excitement, we invite you to the pre-wedding celebrations of Anant and Radhika at our home in Jamnagar. We look forward to having you with us to share in our joy, love, and laughter, and create memories that we'll cherish forever."
Those who attend will need to follow a strict dress code for the grand celebration, which kicks off on the Friday night with an 'evening in everland'-themed cocktail party at the venue. The next day, guests have been told to wear "comfortable shoes" to "take a walk on the wild side" as they visit the groom's Anant's animal rescue centre, home to over 2,000 animals and covers 650 acres.
In the evening, the couple will host their 'Mela Rogue', where guests are expected to dress in a 'dazzling desi romance' style. Day three will see guests wearing something 'casual chic' for the Tusker Trails, where they will likely explore the local area. The final event is a Hashtakshar, which translates to 'signature', where guests should wear traditional clothes like sherwanis and sarees.
Local news says that the group will travel to the city of Jamnagar on chartered flights and boats and have been told they have a limit of three suitcases per couple. Indian newspaper National News added all 1,000 guests will be able to use laundry services during the weekend, including quick steaming. Hairstylists, makeup artists and sari drapers will also be on hand when needed. The guide reads: "We would like you to enjoy each moment to the fullest and make beautiful memories that last a lifetime."
Chefs employed by the luxury Jardin Hotel have prepped over 2,500 dishes repeated across the course of the three days - including Japanese, Mexican and Thai cuisine, according to The Times of India. Speaking to the publication, an insider mentioned the choice of 75 options for breakfast and a further 225 and 275 for lunch and dinner. A traditional midnight meal running from 12-4am will also have 85 catering options.
In November 2018, Anant's sister Isha, a Yale graduate, married real estate mogul Anand Piramal in a wedding estimated to cost $100million (£74.9million), according to Bloomberg. Guests received gold plated Dolce & Gabbana boxes as invitations revealing all the details of the events held across the five-day affair.
The party kicked off with a traditional Indian Sangeet, where the couple and their families sang and danced to celebrate their union. Beyonce was flown in to perform a 45-minute private concert, performing fan favourites like 'Perfect' and 'Crazy In Love'.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.