It looks like stylist Law Roach and supermodel Naomi Campbell just got their lick back against Rihanna in response to her seemingly shady move towards them during New York Fashion Week.
As we previously told you, during the Alaïa Spring 2025 runway show, Rih-Rih noticeably opted against speaking to Law and Naomi as she made her way to her seat—despite greeting and hugging former British Vogue Editor-in-Chief Edward Eninful, who was seated right beside them. When the footage of that moment began to circulate online, many debated whether or not the “ANTI” singer was being intentionally messy or if it was genuine oversight. 
Regardless of intention though, it doesn’t seem like Law nor Naomi took too kindly to being shaded and now their clapping back. In a move that many online are describing as not very “cutesy” or “demure,” the duo posted a video on Law’s Instagram over the weekend hopping on the “very demure, very mindful” TikTok trend started by Jools Lebron. But instead of it being a fun moment for socials, folks online found it to be equally as shady as the snub Rihanna allegedly served.
“We don’t come to the show like the other girls. We don’t come with our ta-tas out or our chi-chis out, very demure,” Law said, seemingly referencing Rih’s cleavage baring look at the Alaïa show.
“It’s not about showing yourself, it’s about showing the clothes,” added Naomi. To which Law responded: “Very demure...very mindful.”
In the comments on Law’s post, fans online weren’t feeling it.
“Now why y’all being messy,” wrote one user.
“Very old, very bothered, very sad,” wrote another.
“And that’s why she kept walking past y’all,” one other user commented, referring to Rih.
Another user echoed similar sentiments, adding: “If y’all mad she ignored y’all just say that. Very cutesy.”
After seeing the backlash, Law took to X/Twitter to somewhat dispel any rumors of the video being intentionally shady towards the Barbadian “bad gal.”
“What’s so funny to me is that, in this universe of the internet and social media that y’all live in—y’all always think something has to be something. But something ain’t always something,” he said in the video posted on Sunday. “Sometimes something is just nothing. So stop trying to make nothing into something. You know what? Y’all need to get some business. OK, I love you, bye.”
Unfortunately for Law, users on X/Twitter weren’t feeling his statement and blasted him and Naomi in the replies for being shady and told him to essentially own up to the fact that he was being messy initially and they he knew exactly what he was doing.
I don’t know about you but this entire situation from start to (hopefully) finish hasn’t been demure. Here’s to hoping that starts to change soon.