Opposites attract, right?
Very mindful, very demure—am I talking about the latest TikTok trend, or the relationship between a Virgo and a Pisces? These two mutable signs are some of the most considerate and introverted of the zodiac, but this doesn’t mean that a relationship between them is without any heat. Let’s talk about Virgo and Pisces compatibility:
Dates: August 23 to September 22
Element: Earth
Modality: Mutable
Ruler: Mercury
Represented by: The maiden
Tarot card: the Hermit
Famous Virgos: Beyoncé, Zendaya, Keke Palmer, Sofia Richie, Prince Harry, Keanu Reeves, Salma Hayek, Blake Lively, Sydney Sweeney, Nick Jonas, Chris Pine, John Mulaney, Lili Reinhart, Jason Derulo, Niall Horan, Liam Payne, Ava DuVernay, Melissa McCarthy
Dates: February 19 to March 20
Element: Water
Modality: Mutable
Ruler: Jupiter (traditional) and Neptune (modern)
Tarot card: The Moon
Represented by: The fishes
Famous Pisces: Rihanna, Olivia Rodrigo, Bad Bunny, Trevor Noah, Elliot Page, Lupita Nyong’o, Justin Bieber, Queen Latifah, Millie Bobby Brown, Kumail Nanjiani, Drew Barrymore, Oscar Isaac, Olivia Wilde, Jhené Aiko, Camilla Cabello, Jameela Jamil
Virgo and Pisces are both what used to be called “feminine” signs and are now sometimes thought of as “inward-focused” or “receptive” signs. Basically, this means that they tend to be quieter, more introverted, and more reflective than outgoing fire and air signs. They’re also both mutable signs, meaning that they tend to be flexible, adaptable, and nonjudgmental. But they do have a few key differences. As an earth sign, Virgo is much more practical than imaginative, emotional water sign Pisces. 
Virgo and Pisces are opposite each other on the zodiac wheel, a relationship sometimes called “sister signs.” This means that they’re very different but in very complementary ways—they challenge each other, help each other grow, learn from each other, all that good stuff. They truly feel like family! A Virgo/Pisces friendship can be a transformative one—each person provides what the other is lacking. Virgo gives sensitive Pisces the grounding and support they need, and Pisces encourages Virgo to loose up a little and give in to their imagination.
That opposites-attract kinda energy? Yeah, it’s hot! You might not expect Virgo and Pisces to have amazing sexual chemistry—they’re represented by the virgin and the fish, after all—but you’d be wrong. In fact, they’re both kinda legendary in bed. Their mutability means they’re incredibly open-minded, down to try every kink/role play scenario/sex position/sex toy at least once…or twice. Pisces’s imagination and Virgo’s intellect also come into play here, meaning they’re both pros at dirty talk and thinking up sexy situations. The only place where they might find themselves at odds is in aftercare: Pisces wants to cuddle, but Virgo would rather shower and sleep. 
Signs that are opposite each other on the zodiac wheel are traditionally considered romantically compatible, and that def goes for Virgo and Pisces. The type of connection that leads to a transformative friendship can *also* lead to a transformative romance. And as mutable signs, this comes naturally to Virgo and Pisces. However, there is one major area that can cause trouble: Virgo can be very critical, and Pisces can be very sensitive. It’s easy for Virgo to share some feedback, thinking they’re being helpful, and accidentally hurt poor Pisces’s feelings! But with good communication, Virgo can learn to temper their suggestions with more tact and Pisces can learn that Virgo is speaking from a caring place. 
A Virgo/Pisces marriage is the kind of marriage that can last a lifetime; the kind that sees both people grow from naive lovebirds to a sweet old couple sitting on their porch in matching rocket chairs. This doesn’t mean their marriage will be without disagreement or drama, only that if both decide to commit to each other and work to improve their relationships and themselves, they can be soooo happy. 
An opposition on the zodiac means, counterintuitively, a really rewarding and transformative relationship in life—whether it’s romantic or platonic. That said, Virgo and Pisces def have that “opposites-attract” kinda chemistry, which is h-o-t. 
Together:
Broken up: 
How Will Pluto Retrograde Impact Your Star Sign?
Your May Horoscope Has Officially Arrived!
Your Zodiac Sign Says A Lot About Your Bed Routine
All About the 12th House in Astrology
Taurus Celebrities Are the Best Celebrities 
Your Zodiac Sign Says You Need These Shoes 
Your Weekly Tarotscope for April 27
Your Horoscope for the Week of April 27
Your Horoscope for the New Moon in Taurus
All About Your “Big Three”
Your Zodiac Sign Says You Need These Sunglasses
Your Weekly Tarotscope for April 20-26
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.