Margaret Abrams, Daily Mail, October 9, 2024
Vogue has sparked fears of an ‘appropriation disaster’ after revealing its 2025 Met Gala exhibition.
On Wednesday, Vogue announced the 2025 Met Gala co-chairs, including Colman Domingo, Lewis Hamilton, A$AP Rocky, Pharrell Williams, Anna Wintour, and LeBron James, who will be serving as the honorary chair.
The Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City also announced the Costume Institute’s spring 2025 exhibition Superfine: Tailoring Black Style, which is inspired by Monica L. Miller’s 2009 book, Slaves to Fashion: Black Dandyism and the Styling of Black Diasporic Identity.
According to Vogue, the exhibit is going to include garments, paintings and photographs that explore ‘the indelible style of Black men in the context of dandyism, from the 18th-century through present day.’
Vogue shared the news on Instagram, and some fashion fans were concerned – with a few pointing out that it could be ‘a recipe for appropriation’ although others said it was long-awaited.
Many commenters said they couldn’t wait to see how stars such as Zendaya, her stylist Law Roach, Janelle Monae, Rihanna, Teyana, and Jonathan Majors interpret the theme.
However, others were more concerned about appropriation and representation.
‘Am I the only nervous about this?’ one fashion fan asked as another said, ‘A good theme but let’s hope no one will appropriate cultures.’
One comment read, ‘Sounds like a recipe for appropriation disaster…Stylists study up!’
‘Love the theme however I wonder if they will use Black (American, African, UK) designers this year, so many have been looked over,’ another commenter wrote.
‘Kudos… now let’s just pray no one shows up in Black face,’ another person weighed in.
Some people were simply worried about the guest list, explaining, ‘It’s TIME BLACK CREATIVES are honored for their contributions to the fashion industry, hope the invite list reflects the theme.’
Others were a bit more optimistic, writing, ‘Plenty of time to do this theme right, I wonder how the other ethnicities will style this and not be culturally appropriating or disrespectful/stereotypical.’
‘Now THIS is a theme we deserve to see. How exciting. Zendaya finna eat this one up,’ one commenter wrote, as another said, ‘I know a theme like this hates to see Janelle Monae coming.’
A commenter wrote, ‘Black style through history has had an immeasurable influence on global fashion identity and commercialism. This Met Gala theme is wildly overdue.’
‘This is brilliant. This is classic. This is history,’ a fashionista declared, as another person agreed, ‘Blacks are the standard of excellence since we are the purveyors of it.’
‘Nice! I’m a little nervous due to the lack of African Americans recognized in the fashion industry as a whole it’s cool but saddens me that there will be very few African American fashion houses able to display their art because well they just don’t allow them to exist really but I hope this changes the trajectory. Excellent choice Anna!’ someone else wrote.
Some people were excited, commenting, ‘This carpet will go down in history,’ ‘This is going to be legendary,’ and describing the line-up as ‘Black Royalty.’
The Met Gala will return to Manhattan on May 5, 2025 and the dress code will be announced in early 2025.
The Superfine exhibit will start on May 6 and run through October 26, 2025.
This is far from the first Met Gala controversy, especially as ticket prices skyrocketed to $75,000 last year.
In 2024, Conde Nast union workers threatened to strike and stage a protest at the annual fashion event.
‘Conde Nast workers are demanding a fair contract… Conde Nast management: meet us at the table, or we’ll meet you at the Met,’ the union warned in a message posted to X.
In 2023, New York Congresswoman Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez’s staff said she was a guest of Anna Wintour instead of a guest of Vogue as was listed on her invitation.
As a guest of Vogue AOC may have violated Congressional ethics rules against taking gifts from companies which uses lobbyists as Vogue’s owner does.
AOC still accepted a pair of $35,000 gala tickets and paid only $300 for her $1,300 dress emblazoned with the phrase ‘Tax the Rich,’ which caused a major controversy.
Original Article