E-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
Sign up for email newsletters
E-Edition
“Moulin Rouge! The Musical” got its start several seasons ago in Boston during a pre-Broadway tryout and went on to win 10 Tonys, including Best Musical in New York. The national tour plays Boston’s Citizens Bank Opera House Jan. 16-Feb. 4.
Stages recently caught up with Robert Petkoff, who plays Harold Zidler, owner of the legendary nightclub.
His extensive Broadway and West End London credits include runs in “Ragtime,” “Anything Goes,” “Spamalot,” “Fiddler on the Roof,” and “The Royal Family” (with Judy Dench and Emily Blunt). He’s also done film and TV including “Elementary,” “Madame Secretary,” “The Good Wife,” “Chappelle’s Show,” “Law & Order” and “Law & Order: SVU” and is an award-winning audiobook narrator.
A California native, his family moved around due to his father’s Air Force career. He fell in love with acting after doing a few plays, studied acting at Illinois State University, began his career in Chicago, worked in LA and finally in New York City for the past 30 years.
Petkoff reflects on his career, his role in “Moulin Rouge!” and bringing it back to Boston in the following interview questions:
STAGES: Describe your career and roles you have played.
ROBERT PETKOFF: I’ve had the good fortune to play a lot of my dream rules. Romeo, Hamlet, George in “Sunday in the Park,” Sweeney Todd, Tateh in the Broadway revival of “Ragtime.” I began my career as a non-musical theater actor doing a lot of Shakespeare and classic plays. Doing musicals was a dream that I wasn’t really pursuing but Gary Griffin, the director of “The Color Purple” on Broadway, had asked me to play George in “Sunday in the Park with George,” and that began a whole new phase of my career, one that I really love. Singing on stage is both terrifying and exhilarating to me.
STAGES: Who is Harold Zidler and what part does he play in the musical?
PETKOFF: Harold Zidler owns the Moulin Rouge and is trying to keep it afloat while not being a very good businessman. He needs his star, Satine, to seduce the duke to save the Moulin Rouge, and all seems to be going according to plan until Satine meets and falls in love with Christian.
STAGES: How does the audience react to the show?
PETKOFF: “Moulin Rouge! The Musical” is a marvelous musical with over 70 beloved pop songs from artists like Elton John, Beyoncé, Rihanna, Lady Gaga, the Rolling Stones, and so many more. The audience seems to delight in getting to recognize the songs they love. It’s a wonderfully romantic show, filled with amazing choreography, beautiful sets and costumes and dazzling lighting.
STAGES: How do you feel bringing the show back to Boston and do you have any predictions on audience reaction?
PETKOFF: I’m intrigued by how audiences will react to the play returning to Boston. Obviously, there will be people who saw the pre-Broadway tryout, and I’m curious how they will respond. I absolutely believe they will not be disappointed. So many people who have seen the Broadway production and our production tell me how much they love both because of the similarities and the differences. I’m quite proud of the amazing talent on the stage and off in our tour.
STAGES: Describe life on tour.
PETKOFF: Touring is a completely different animal than playing a show on Broadway. There’s the obvious difference that you’re traveling constantly, you’re in hotel rooms and you’re discovering new cities. But one of the wonderful things about touring is that a cast and a crew bond in a slightly different way on the road. Because we aren’t going home to our families every night we become each other’s family. That’s a lovely feeling and it really helps when you are away from home for an extended period. Moulin Rouge has been touring for almost 2 years now and I’m committed for another year. I only began doing the show about two months ago.
STAGES: How is your life now?
PETKOFF: I love getting to play Harold, Zidler, and I love bringing to the character some of the qualities I’ve watched other actors bring and combine that with my own set of choices. Right now, I am having the time of my life touring with Moulin Rouge! The Musical.
Tickets starting at $50 are available at www.BroadwayInBoston.com.
Nancye Tuttle’s email address is nancyedt@verion.net.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group