By SEAN O'GRADY FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  08:39, 11 June 2024   |  Updated:  09:01, 12 June 2024   
 166
View  comments
Rihanna looked radiant as ever as she showed off her natural hair while attending the Rihanna x Fenty Hair launch in Los Angeles on Monday.
The singer, 36, who unveiled her new Fenty Hair product line last week, has ditched her recent long blonde locks in favour of her short, natural curls.
The businesswoman, who appeared to have dyed her hair honey blonde, looked in good spirits at the event.
Rihanna ensured all eyes were on her in her custom KHAITE look, as she slipped into a deep red midi dress with a low cut neckline that highlighted her jaw-dropping figure.
The hitmaker wrapped up for the evening in a matching leather jacket and added height to her frame with burgundy heels.
Rihanna looked radiant as ever as she showed off her natural hair while attending the Rihanna x Fenty Hair launch in Los Angeles on Monday
The singer, 36, who unveiled her new Fenty Hair product line last week, has ditched her recent long blonde locks in favour of her short, natural curls
The businesswoman, who appeared to have dyed her hair honey blonde, looked in good spirits at the event
Rihanna ensured all eyes were on her as she slipped into a deep red midi dress with a low cut neckline that highlighted her jaw-dropping figure
Rihanna drew further attention to her look with a silver necklace with red jewels and a matching pendant. 
Rihanna recently announced she is expanding her Fenty fashion and beauty empire by launching Fenty Hair. 
On June 4, the billionaire businesswoman announced the June 13th launch of her latest endeavor. 
She wrote: 'A new family is moving in! @fentyhair is pullin up and it's time to finally have the hair experience you've been waiting for. 
'You know how much switching my hair up matters to me.
'I've had almost every texture, color, length, from weaves to braids to natural - so I am launching a flexible line of products for not only every hair want, but every single product is designed to strengthen and repair all types of hair, which is what we truly need! It's time to play and get stronger by the style.'
Rihanna also shared a promotional video for Fenty Hair late on Monday which saw her wear a short blonde wig.
The star looked incredible in the clip where she wore a silver trench coat and a matching necklace. 
The hitmaker wrapped up for the evening in a matching leather jacket and added height to her frame with burgundy heels
Rihanna drew further attention to her look with a silver necklace with red jewels and a matching pendant
On June 4, the billionaire businesswoman announced the June 13th launch of her latest endeavor
She added: 'I've had almost every texture, color, length, from weaves to braids to natural - so I am launching a flexible line of products'
Rihanna posed with giant replicas of her hair products at the event
The beauty was all smiles as she posed alongside a white convertible 
Rihanna put on a playful display as she struck a pose for the camera
She accentuated her natural beauty with a light palette of makeup 
The star entertained the attendees with an animated speech 
The success of Rihann's Fenty business has seen her reach a net worth of $1 billion 
Rihanna also shared a promotional video for Fenty Hair late on Monday which saw her wear a short blonde wig
Rihanna said her products will be 'not only every hair want, but every single product is designed to strengthen and repair all types of hair'
Alongside the post, she wrote: 'Early access starts right now. Hit the link in my bio to be the first to get @fentyhair!'
In another promotional clip she shared a slew of photos featuring her locks in different styles throughout the years. 
'Hair has always been very personal to me,' she stated at the beginning of the video, noting, 'It's an outlet of self-expression, creativity. I feel like it's also been markers of my evolution and growth over the years.' 
The accompanying caption read, 'my hair has always been a huge part of my career and personal evolution, and @fentyhair was created to keep up with our hair and lifestyle- while constantly strengthening and repairing our hair with each use.'
Lastly, she wrote: 'I can’t wait for y’all to experience this!! hit the [link] in my bio to sign up & shop first!'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group