For any beauty lover, one of the most annoying issues to deal with is spending hundreds of dollars on makeup a year and having it smudge, smear or fade away. 
I hear you, especially if you purchase a primer and your makeup isn’t perfectly locked in place. You may be thinking, “what does makeup primer do?” So, as a full-time commerce reporter who’s absorbed in all things beauty, I’m here to bring the best makeup primers to your attention.
Not only did I test dozens myself but I also called upon top beauty experts to dial down what a primer *actually is*, if it’s necessary, how to apply it and more. Consider it the sister of the setting spray, the free agent helping to make your full-coverage foundation last all day.
“You should be able to tell if the makeup primer is working for you right when you start applying foundation — it should glide on effortlessly and blend beautifully and evenly,” David Razzano, Sephora Beauty Director, told The Post. “You should also notice that your complexion makeup stays looking fresh and gorgeous throughout the day.”
The best makeup primers not only help your makeup stay in place and look fresh for hours at a time, but will also smooth fine lines, minimize the appearance of pores, and even out skin tone. You’ll want to keep in mind your personal skin type and needs, ideal longevity, application, ingredients, coverage and finish when choosing the right makeup primer for you.
Check out the in-depth FAQ section for tips on shopping for and properly applying a makeup primer, too.
I don’t like to use the term “holy grail” because I deem it overused in the beauty community, but that’s the perfect way to describe the Armani Beauty Luminous Silk Hydrating Makeup Primer. If you love the brand’s cult-favorite (another overused beauty term) Luminous Silk Perfect Glow Foundation ($69) — one of the best foundations for dry skin — you haven’t seen anything yet.
Its silk-smooth packaging mimics the super-smooth formula you’ll squeeze onto the palm of your hand. I love using a foundation brush to blend and swirl it onto my complexion, and it truly makes the rest of your makeup — concealer, loose powder and all — glide on like silk.
Size: 1 fl oz. | Base: Water | Finish: Glowy | Best for: Normal, Dry, Combination, Oily Skin
IL MAKIAGE No Filter Poreless Base Smoothing Primer is the best makeup primer for mature skin that helps create a smooth, flawless canvas for foundation application. It’s formulated to blur imperfections and refine skin texture, making it an excellent choice those with mature skin to achieve a polished finish.
It also has more than 214,000 rave reviews. So yeah, it’s pretty great. 
Its lightweight texture glides effortlessly onto the skin and creates a matte yet natural-looking finish. Since the first day I used it, I noticed its ability to help minimize the appearance of pores, fine lines and wrinkles, which are often more prominent in mature skin. Even though I’m in my twenties, I appreciate its soft-focus effect that enhances my overall complexion.
What makes this primer particularly beneficial for mature skin is its ability to hydrate and smooth the skin without settling into fine lines. Of course, everyone has natural lines in the skin, and this is a concern for many people who are 40 and older. Additionally, many mature skin types struggle with dryness and uneven texture, and IL MAKIAGE’s primer is enriched with ingredients that lock in moisture while creating a velvety base. This moisturizing effect ensures that the primer works not only to minimize pores but also to maintain a comfortable, non-drying feel throughout the day.
The result? As radiant, healthy-looking complexion that looks natural and fresh without emphasizing the signs of aging. It’s also the best makeup primer for wrinkles and natural lines, thanks to its impressive smoothing power.
This primer is also long-lasting and — like its rocket-esque packaging, locks into place once applied. I find its ability to withstand humidity to be especially impressive, which is critical during my work commute. I know it’s a catalyst for helping my foundation to last all day. While excellent for mature skin types, I’d recommend it to anyone looking for a product that’ll be forgiving on their natural lines and long-lasting.
Size: 0.84 fl oz. | Base: Silicone | Finish: Velvety | Best for: All Skin Types
I remember picking up the wide variety of primers offered by MAKE UP FOR EVER since I was in middle school. I loved their colored yet extremely blendable nature and, though a pretty penny, are wholly worth the spend. It layers beautifully on top of the skin before foundation and the Shine Control Step 1 Primer is the absolute best makeup primer for oily skin.
I can’t speak more highly about this primer. It tackles excess oil and shine like a charm as it’s formulated with oil-absorbing ingredients that work to mattify the skin, creating a smooth and velvety base for makeup. It also helps to refine the texture of the skin, filling in my pores and fine lines to ensure a more even application of foundation. 
What makes this primer particularly effective for oily skin is its ability to regulate shine throughout the day. It features a combination of ingredients that help balance oil production and is also lightweight, which I appreciate. After all, who wants heavy or greasy buildup? This primer is also noncomedogenic, meaning it won’t clog pores, which is a key concern for individuals with oily or acne-prone skin.
I struggle with oily skin in the T-zone (forehead, nose and chin) but I don’t want that to keep me from achieving a flawless, fresh look. By creating a barrier between the skin and foundation, this primer allows my makeup to last all day without slipping off. Please, go ahead and buy it.
Size: 1 fl oz. | Base: Water | Finish: Natural | Best for: Oily, Normal, Dry Skin
If you want to apply a product that feels like you’re dolloping on a lightweight whipped cream-esque consistency before your foundation, let the Too Faced HangoverRx Replenishing Primer do the handywork. It’s is a hydrating primer that creates a beyond-smooth canvas for makeup while nourishing the skin. I adore its lightweight, creamy formula that works to replenish my skin’s moisture, leaving it feeling fresh and revitalized. 
This best makeup primer for dry skin is infused with coconut water, which is responsible for boosting up that moisture balance, and it also contains probiotics that work to improve the skin’s texture over time. This primer is particularly popular for its ability to hydrate and revitalize skin that might feel dry or fatigued. It never ceases to provide me with a glowing, plump finish that makes makeup go on smoothly. My dry skin drinks it up.
For dry skin, Too Faced HangoverRx Replenishing Primer is an excellent choice because it works to address the main concerns of dehydrated skin: moisture loss, uneven texture and dullness. The primer’s hydrating ingredients provide long-lasting moisture that keeps the skin feeling soft throughout the day. Its ability to create a smooth, even base is phenomenal; my makeup applies beautifully, without clinging to dry patches or accentuating fine lines. The primer offers a natural, luminous finish and it’s my favorite product from the brand, hands down.
Size: 1.35 fl oz. | Base: Coconut Water | Finish: Dewy | Best for: Dry, Normal, Combination Skin
The e.l.f. Cosmetics Power Grip Primer + 4% Niacinamide is exactly what it sounds like — it grips onto makeup and makes it last longer throughout the day. Oh, and for less than $15, too.
I’m beyond obsessed with the brand (as you can probably tell in my full e.l.f. Cosmetics review) and this is one of the standout products that deserves the recognition. If you wear primer like me, even after your multi-step skincare routine, this one is the icing on the cake…after your SPF, of course. It’s the best drugstore makeup primer I tested.
This gel-like formula is specially designed to grip makeup and help it last longer throughout the day, preventing it from fading or settling into fine lines. The 4% niacinamide, a form of vitamin B3, is a standout feature of this primer, and I love how it noticeably improves the skin’s texture and, in so doing, reduces redness and enhances its suppleness. The formula has a sticky texture, which helps the makeup adhere to the skin, allowing it to create a flattering, even finish.
One of the reasons this primer stands out in the drugstore category is its ability to cater to a wide range of skin types and needs. Its lightweight, non-greasy texture makes it ideal for all skin types, including oily, dry and combination skin. I have true combination skin, and I find it works well on the drier and oilier parts of my face alike. It also sufficiently hydrates and nourishes sans that heavy feeling. It doesn’t clog my pores either, which is difficult to find in a drugstore-level primer.
The e.l.f. Power Grip Primer is a great choice for anyone seeking a high-performing primer without the high price tag often associated with premium brands. Plus, its formulation is cruelty-free and vegan, which adds to its sustainable, consciously made appeal. It’s also one of the best silicone-based makeup primers I’ve used for a long-lasting, lovely finish.
Size: 0.81 fl oz. | Base: Gel | Finish: Dewy | Best for: All Skin Types
The HUDA BEAUTY Easy Blur Primer is a lightweight, velvety smooth primer that creates a near-flawless canvas for makeup application. Its formula smooths out my skin’s texture, making it an excellent base for foundation that follows suit. The primer contains a unique blend of ingredients that work to blur imperfections and fine lines as well, which leave my skin feeling soft, even, and radiant. 
Its silky consistency makes it simple to apply and dries matte, so anyone who’s in a hurry (and wants to reduce pores in a hurry) will love this formula. It’s a quick-prep product that I truly enjoy using. 
What sets the Easy Blur Primer apart is its pore-minimizing properties. It works to create a more refined, airbrushed finish, and it’s easily the best makeup primer for large pores that I tested. This carries over to my skin appearing smoother and more even. Whenever I use it, my skin has a breathable, flawless finish without feeling heavy or greasy.
For those with oily or combination skin, the HUDA BEAUTY Easy Blur Primer is especially beneficial. It not only blurs pores but also controls shine throughout the day, so it’s a primer I recommend for extended wear. It creates a matte finish without being drying (#important), helping to keep makeup in place longer (#alsoimportant). Whether you have large pores, oily skin, or just want a smoother makeup base, this primer is the real deal.
Size: 1 fl oz. | Base: Water | Finish: Matte | Best for: Combination, Dry, Normal Skin
New from Neutrogena is its rockstar, less-than-$15 Healthy Skin Invisibly Radiant UV Primer SPF 30. It’s a multi-functional product that combines skincare and makeup prep in one. This primer is impressively lightweight, provides a smooth, even base for foundation and offers the much-needed benefit of sun protection with broad-spectrum SPF 30. 
It’s cosmetically elegant with an extraordinarily absorbable base. When I use it before my foundation, I instantly notice my skin looking more illuminated — simple radiance without that greasy feel or, worse: that unwanted white cast. It’s the best makeup primer with SPF that I tested for its elegance and efficacy.
In addition to SPF, this primer is infused with ingredients that promote healthier-looking skin. It contains a blend of antioxidants, including vitamins C and E, which help protect the skin from environmental stressors and free radical damage. These antioxidants not only work to protect your skin but also contribute to a more even, luminous complexion. So, I feel good whenever I use it.
The primer is gentle on my sensitive skin, and I’d anticipate it working well on all skin types as it’s not dryer nor greasy. It’s also free from harsh chemicals or fragrances that could cause irritation.
The inclusion of SPF 30 makes this primer an excellent option for daily use, as it provides essential sun protection while preparing your skin for makeup. It helps shield the skin from harmful UVA and UVB rays that contribute to premature aging and skin damage. Its smooth, radiant finish complements any makeup look, and I’m especially excited to continue using this Neutrogena primer during the warmer months.
Size: 1 fl oz. | Base: Cream | Finish: Glowy | Best for: All Skin Types
OK, I’ve reviewed nearly all of Anastasia Beverly Hills products, and its Eye Primer was one of my first true loves. It’s a highly pigmented product that literally prohibits any eyeshadow from moving. Its pocket-sized design makes me carry it everywhere, too, and the price tag is fairly affordable, so long as you wear eye makeup consistently and find it to be a good value.
It has a creamy formula that comes out thick but blends out well on the lids. Important note: a little goes a long way, and I recommend a pea-sized amount to start out. I mostly wear neutral colors and I find that it allows them to keep their champagne or saddle color all day long. 
Some beauty users may be turned off that this eye primer is heavily pigmented, but I find it to be beneficial. Its consistency helps neutralize any discoloration or uneven skin tone on the eyelids and, in so doing, creates a stunning canvas that would make any makeup artist applaud. It’s also versatile and suitable for all skin tones and eye shapes. Rest assured, your makeup will have a nice, uniform base.
Size: 0.24 fl oz. | Base: Cream | Finish: Matte | Best for: All Skin Types
MAC Cosmetics Prep + Prime Natural Radiance is a water-based primer that offers both skincare and makeup benefits. Without a shadow of a doubt, I knew that this product would be long-lasting; that’s precisely why MAC has been one of my go-to picks since middle school. It provides a radiant and refreshed canvas for foundation, absorbing well and making my foundation last for 10+ hours.
This primer is infused with light-reflecting ingredients that give the skin a natural, healthy glow while helping to smooth the skin’s texture. Its lightweight, gel-like consistency is a catalyst for its quick absorption, leaving my skin feeling hydrated and nourished without any heaviness. The formula is designed to create an ideal base, as you can tell, allowing my makeup to go on more evenly and last longer throughout the day.
As the best water-based makeup primer I tested, MAC Prep + Prime Natural Radiance is particularly beneficial for those with oily or combination skin, as it helps control excess shine while maintaining a soft, dewy finish (seriously, could my skin ask for anything more?) It also doesn’t clog my pores and provides moisture where needed without making my skin feel greasy. Therefore, I can achieve a radiant complexion and avoid breakouts simultaneously.
Additionally, this primer helps to balance the skin’s natural oils and prep the skin for makeup application, enhancing the longevity and finish of my foundation and concealer. Its formula is enriched with antioxidants that protect the skin from environmental stressors, while its water-based consistency makes it breathable and comfortable for long, long wear. If you’re up for a splurge, this primer is certainly worth your next grab.
Size: 1.7 fl oz. | Base: Gel | Finish: Glowy | Best for: All Skin Types
The EXA Jump Start Soothing Primer is a groundbreaking primer, especially if you want to shop for the “gold standard” among sensitive skin beauty products. It’s sold at Credo, which we consider to represent that gold standard, as its transparent commitment to honoring The Dirty List — the ingredients to avoid, and that are never sold at the retailer — makes it a common destination for me as my skin is extremely sensitive.
This is the best makeup primer for sensitive skin that I tested and is versatile for other skin types as well, especially because it’s formulated with a triple antioxidant blend to soothe skin. It even has a blurring effect which, as a result, allows the rest of my makeup to look flawless and evenly balanced.
It truly feels like a cloud, resembling a body lotion more so than your average primer. If you want to be more intentional on the ingredients you opt for, let this be your sign to pick it up and begin incorporating it into your routine.
Size: 1.1 fl oz. | Base: Water | Finish: Matte | Best for: All Skin Types
The Grown Alchemist Skin Defense Primer is a refreshing primer with a subtle cooling effect, blessing my sensitive skin with a Barbie-inspired matte finish that keeps my makeup in place. Its formulation itself is a highlight reel: a mix of antioxidants, peptides and botanical extracts, which work together to help balance the skin and defend it against environmental stressors. 
This primer not only preps the skin for makeup but also contributes to a healthier, more radiant complexion over time with consistent use. Not only is its tube chic and makes me feel like a million bucks but, over time, have grown obsessed with its subtle cooling effect. It wakes me up on early mornings and makes my foundation last all the while.
What sets the Skin Defense Primer apart as a matte primer is its ability to control shine without drying out the skin. The formula is designed to absorb excess oil and prevent my makeup from slipping or fading throughout the day. Unlike some matte primers that can leave the skin feeling tight or cake-y, this one maintains an unobtrusive feel. It also helps blur out pores and has a matte finish that isn’t dull or flat. 
The primer’s unique blend of skin-loving ingredients makes it a great choice for individuals with not only oily or combination skin but sensitive skin as well. It’s offered at Credo Beauty, which I consider the Gold Standard of Beauty, and its ingredient lineup allows it to prevent premature aging. Simply put, it’s an essential to any makeup routine.
Size: 1.6 fl oz. | Base: Gel | Finish: Matte | Best for: All Skin Types
Lancôme La Base Pro Perfecting and Smoothing Makeup Primer is a primer worth the splurge for its ability to create a smooth, even canvas for makeup. One of its most notable features is its silky, lightweight texture that effortlessly glides onto my skin, filling in my natural fine lines and blurring imperfections. 
This primer not only improves the appearance of skin texture but also provides a matte finish, making it ideal for those with oily or combination skin. By minimizing shine and absorbing excess oil, my makeup tends to stay in place for longer, which enhances its longevity throughout the day.
Additionally, it’s versatile. It works well with various foundations, whether liquid, powder or cream, ensuring that makeup adheres seamlessly to the skin. The primer has a unique formulation that helps foundation truly glide on effortlessly, giving my skin an unbelievably flawless, airbrushed look. Its smoothing properties also make it one of my favorites for texture.
This primer nourishes and hydrates the skin while offering an effective barrier against environmental stressors. This combination of immediate smoothing effects and long-term skincare benefits makes it an excellent choice for anyone looking to achieve a perfected, polished makeup look without compromising the health of their skin.
Size: 0.8 fl oz. | Base: Gel | Finish: Matte | Best for: All Skin Types
In testing the best makeup primers, I actually worked backwards. First, I tested the best full-coverage foundations and found the Charlotte Tilbury Airbrush Flawless Foundation ($49) to be the best one after four years of testing. Then I only used the Charlotte Tilbury foundation to assess the wealth of makeup primers I had stashed in my makeup drawer. 
The reason behind this method is simple. If I’m using a not-so-good foundation that will smear after only a few hours, a makeup primer isn’t going to be making that big of an impact. I needed a spectacular foundation to be able to truthfully assess which primers would work.
Before dolloping on makeup primers before my full-coverage foundation, I adhered to the following testing criteria (a.k.a, what I looked for) when rotating my products for four years straight:
Not every makeup primer is created equal and, while I love many products from the below brands, the following formulations didn’t work for my skin:
Makeup primer can be used for multiple purposes depending on what your needs are, with primer being “helpful for filling in pores and covering rosacea,” Deney Adam, pro team member at Ulta Beauty, told the New York Post. “It’s also a great mattifying product.”
Moreover, makeup primer’s main function is to “prime and prep the skin for the best makeup application — similar to the way we would prime a wall before you paint it so that the paint goes on smooth and evenly,” Razzano adds. “A primer helps to ensure your foundation looks its best and stays in place throughout the day,” he added. 
“The best way to properly use a makeup primer is to apply a thin even layer over your skin. Too much primer can actually work against you since it can add texture or even start to ‘slide,'” Razzano notes. “I personally find using hands to apply is best because you can feel the amount you’re using and control it better.”
Adam highlights the best ingredients to look for, depending on your skin type:
Namely, we recommend the Benefit Cosmetics The POREfessional Pore Minimizing Primer. As far as ingredients go, silicones create a smooth barrier on the skin, filling in fine lines and pores. Niacinamide helps regulate oil production, improves skin texture, and reduces the appearance of enlarged pores as well.
Hyaluronic Acid is another key ingredient that hydrates and plumps the skin, making fine lines less noticeable. Peptides support collagen and elastin production, improving skin firmness and reducing the appearance of wrinkles.
To help prevent foundation from creasing, look for these key ingredients in your primers and foundations:
The most important note to keep in mind: if you’re using a silicone-based primer, do not use a water-based foundation. Water and oil don’t mix well (#TBT to high school chemistry class), so be sure to check out the ingredients list, as mixing a silicone-based product and a water-based one can make your makeup appear patchy.
This article was written by Victoria Giardina, New York Post Commerce Journalist & Content Strategist, who has spent countless hours researching, testing hundreds of products and comparing the latest makeup, skincare, hair and beauty items and trends to determine what’s truly worth your hard-earned cash. She evaluates formulas, textures, ingredients and more, in addition to consulting medical and industry experts. Some of Victoria’s latest conquests include testing the best vitamin C serums on the market, and a rinse-and-repeat review of the best shampoos of 2025. Victoria, who received a beauty industry essentials certification from the Fashion Institute of Technology, has been creating shopping guides for the New York Post since 2021 and previously held positions at Insider Reviews and CNN Underscored.
Looking for a headline-worthy haul? Keep shopping Post Wanted.