It’s a sunny day in NYC — but Katherine Schwarzenegger has brought the shade. 
The daughter of Arnold Schwarzenegger and Maria Shriver had some choice words for the 2024 Met Gala Wednesday — just days after the fashion fundraiser at the Metropolitan Museum of Art.
Monday’s “Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion”-themed ball saw a variety of looks grace the ethereal carpet. 
From Doja Cat’s “wet” T-shirt dress to Tyla’s sand-covered gown, this year’s fashion extravaganza was not without it’s dramatic head-turning moments.
But it seems as though the 34-year-old wasn’t a huge fan of some of the recent Met Gala fashion looks.
“When the Met Gala was chic and classy,” the mom of two wrote on her Instagram Story alongside a throwback photo of her mom at the gala in 2001.
The glam image was originally shared by Shriver on Monday, which included a carousel of images from her night at the event.
“It’s the first Monday in May and the Met Gala is underway! Things were a little more low key when I attended back in 2001, but I thought I would share some photos from that wonderful night,” Shriver, 68, captioned the Instagram post.
In the images, the former First Lady of California wore a lavender gown with a matching sheer shawl and diamond jewelry.
“Not only did I get to wear this beautiful dress, but I got to attend with both my parents, as well as my cousin, Caroline. What do you think: would we rock the red carpet in these same looks tonight? #metgalaflashback,” Shriver added. 
While Monday’s event featured show-stopping looks on the carpet, many of the gala’s favorites were a no-show.
In addition to Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds sitting out on the fashion festivities, fellow Met Gala fave Rihanna was forced to skip the event at the eleventh hour after coming down with the flu.
Elsewhere, Jared Leto missed out on this year’s Met Gala due to his band 30 Seconds to Mars’ “Seasons World Tour.”
The “it” couple of the year Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce were also notably absent from the Met steps — despite both receiving invitations.
Other Met Gala favorites including Lady Gaga, Hailey Bieber, and Bella Hadid were also absent from the event.
Advertisement