CAUTION: This story contains a graphic account of what the LAPD claims happened between Chris Brown and Robyn F. (Rihanna)
Access Hollywood has obtained a Search Warrant and Affidavit from a Los Angeles Police Department detective in the Chris Brown case, which, in graphic detail, offers what police claim is an account of the beating Rihanna allegedly received at the hands of the R&B star on February 8. 
VIEW THE PHOTOS: Rihanna: Music's Style Superstar
Rihanna, who still has not been named as the victim by authorities due to victim's rights issues, is listed as Robyn F. in the document (her real name is Robyn Fenty), which details a violent assault of the star. 
According to the Affidavit of Detective De Shon Andrews of the LAPD, the incident began after Rihanna picked up Brown's cell phone and read a "three page text message from a woman who Brown had a previous sexual relationship with." 
VIEW THE PHOTOS: Chris Brown
"A verbal argument ensued and Brown pulled the vehicle over on an unknown street, reached over Robyn F. with his right hand, opened the car door and attempted to force her out," Detective De Shon's affidavit reads. 
Due to her seatbelt, Brown was allegedly unable to force Rihanna out of the car. It was then, De Shon claims in the affidavit, that the alleged assault on Rihanna began. 
"When he could not force her to exit, he took his right hand and shoved her head against the passenger window of the vehicle causing an approximate one inch raised circular contusion," De Shon claims in the affidavit. The affidavit further claims "Robyn F. turned to face Brown and he punched her in the left eye with his right hand. He then drove away in the vehicle and continued to punch her in the face with his right hand while steering the vehicle with his left hand. The assault caused Robyn F's. mouth to fill with blood and blood to splatter all over her clothing and the interior of the vehicle."
VIEW THE PHOTOS: Hottest Hip-Hop Stars!
According to the Detective, "Brown looked at Robyn F. and stated, 'I'm going to beat the sh** out of you when we get home! You wait and see!'" 
Rihanna reportedly called her assistant and when she got the greeting, pretended to speak with the woman stating, "I'm on my way home. Make sure the cops are there when I get there." 
The Detective claims that after the faked call, Brown reportedly said, "You just did the stupidest thing ever! Now I'm really going to kill you!" 
Brown then allegedly continued to strike Rihanna. 
As the alleged beating continued, according to the affidavit, Brown threw her cell phone out the window when she tried to text her assistant. Later, when Rihanna grabbed Brown's cell phone, he put her in a headlock, as he continued to drive, according to the detective.
Brown then "pulled Robyn F. close to him and bit her on her left ear," before stopping the vehicle, the detective claims. 
Rihanna was able to turn off the car at this point and she took the key out of the ignition and "sat on it." Unable to locate the key, Brown allegedly continued to attack the star and began choking her to the point where "she began to lose consciousness," according to the detective's affidavit. 
The affidavit goes on to say Rihanna attempted "to gouge his eyes in an attempt to free herself," when Brown allegedly bit her left ring and middle fingers. Twisting her body sideways and pulling her legs into her chest, the detective said Rihanna was able to push Brown away with her feet. 
She then began "screaming for help and Brown exited the vehicle and walked away," the detective claimed.
A resident in the neighborhood overheard Rihanna and called 911. 
According to the detective's affidavit, less then ten days after the incident, Brown sent a text message to Rihanna's assistant where he "apologized for what he had done to Robyn F. and advised [Rihanna's assistant] that he was going to get help."
Brown has been charged with two felonies – assault and making criminal threats. He will face those charges on Thursday in a downtown Los Angeles courtroom.
Related Content from AccessHollywood.com:PLAY IT NOW: Is Chris Brown Going To Anger Management Classes?PLAY IT NOW: Chris Brown's Former Stepdad Talks Alleged Abuse
MORE ACCESS ON THESE TOPICS: Chris Brown - Rihanna - TV One - Arrests - Courts