By DEIRDRE DURKAN-SIMONDS and JAMES VITUSCKA FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  17:16, 11 May 2024   |  Updated:  17:47, 11 May 2024   
 73
View  comments
Lily-Rose Depp showed off her toned legs in a pair of tiny denim shorts on a date night with her girlfriend 070 Shake at Giorgio Baldi Restaurant on Friday. 
While leaving the celebrity hotspot, beloved by superstars like Beyoncé and Rihanna, the 24-year-old actress ensured all eyes were on her as she rocked a slightly cropped white button-down and teeny tiny micro shorts. 
She accessorized her bold ensemble with a black quilted Chanel handbag and white pumps with black tips. 
For the occasion, the performer, who made her TV debut on HBO's controversial TV series The Idol alongside The Weeknd last year, wore her blonde tresses in a sleek bun.
Lily-Rose Depp showed off her toned legs in a pair of tiny denim shorts on a date night with her girlfriend 070 Shake at Giorgio Baldi Restaurant on Friday
As she made a beeline to her car, Depp held onto 070 Shake's hand. 
The Wolf star's girlfriend, born Danielle Balbuena, cut a casual figure in a light-wash jean jacket over a black t-shirt and pinstripe pants.  
The lovebirds, who previously dined at the same restaurant back in February, confirmed their romance last year. 
In May 2023, Depp uploaded a sweet photo of them kissing to her Instagram Story, which she captioned, '4 months with my crush.' 
The performers are regularly spotted in each other's company, often displaying their affection for each other with abandon.
Romance rumors between the pair were initially sparked in February 2023, when they were spotted in each other's company during Paris Fashion Week.
In April, the model shared a sweet snap with her love, captioned 'me & mine <3' that showed them standing together as she held onto some tulips. 
Last year, a source told DailyMail.com that her father, Johnny Depp was 'one of the first people' to know about her and 070 Shake's relationship. 
While leaving the celebrity hotspot, beloved by superstars like Beyoncé and Rihanna, the 24-year-old actress ensured all eyes were on her as she rocked a slightly cropped white button-down and teeny tiny micro shorts
She accessorized her bold ensemble with a black quilted Chanel handbag and white pumps with black tips
An insider close to Lily, whose mother is the French singer Vanessa Paradis, told DailyMail.com: 'Johnny was one of the first people to know about Danielle because Lily and him share everything with each other. 
'Johnny is no stranger to sexual fluidity and was married to an openly bisexual woman for years. 
'It didn't work out, but Lily grew up knowing this and normalized it. Amber was not secret about her past with anyone in Johnny's family.'
'Lily believes she is in love and there is nothing more than Johnny wants in this world than for her to love and be loved by someone who deserves her.
'He has not been the biggest fan of some of her ex-boyfriends, but there is a reason why Lily and these men did not work out.'
The source continued: 'Johnny also thinks that it is super cool that his daughter is with a musician because he is a musician.
'He also sees similarities in style and overall vibe between himself and Danielle. They say that girls fall for guys like their dads, but it seems that girls fall for girls like their dads too.'
'Lily's friends think that they complement each other so well. They are so tender and affectionate. Around their friends it is one "awww" moment after another. She is such an authentic and real human being and surrounds herself with the same.'
For the occasion, the performer, who made her TV debut on HBO's controversial TV series The Idol alongside The Weeknd, wore her blonde tresses in a sleek bun
As the couple walked to their car, Depp held onto 070 Shake's hand
Much like her mother, Lily-Rose is incredibly private about her personal life - however she first shared some insight into her sexuality back in 2016 in an interview Nylon when she insisted that young people should not be forced to adhere to specific 'labels' when it comes to their sexualities.
'So many kids these days are not labeling their sexuality and I think that’s so cool,' she said at the time, before addressing a 2015 LGBTQ campaign that she featured in - which many saw as her official 'coming out'.
'A lot of people took it as me coming out, but that’s not what I was trying to do. I was literally doing it just to say that you don’t have to label your sexuality,' she explained.
The model has previously had romances with several high-profile figures, including actor Timothee Chalamet and French rapper Yassine Stein.
Timothee and Lily-Rose made several public appearances together after their romance began in 2018 - and sparked a frenzy of intrigue when they were seen putting on a very passionate display on a yacht during a trip to Italy in the summer of 2019.
Last month, the model shared a sweet snap with her love, captioned 'me & mine <3' that showed them standing together as she held onto some tulips
The lovebirds, who previously dined at the same restaurant back in February, confirmed their romance last year with a sweet snap of them kissing, uploaded to Lily's Instagram Story
The pair split in April 2020 - although neither has ever publicly addressed the reasons behind their break-up.
After her relationship with Timothee came to an end, Lily-Rose sparked rumors of a romance with actor Austin Butler when the pair was spotted kissing in the street in 2021. But despite their very passionate public display, the two never appeared to get an official relationship off the ground.
Lily-Rose's most recent relationship was with French rapper Yassine, whom she began dating at the end of 2021.
The former couple were seen out and about together on a number of occasions after their romance was made public - however the relationship appears to have fizzled out after around a year.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group