By ALESIA STANFORD FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  21:28, 6 October 2024   |  Updated:  22:14, 6 October 2024   
 74
View  comments
Rihanna showcased her toned legs as she stepped out in New York City Saturday for a very special celebration.
The singer, 36, wore a daring corseted body suit beneath a large black puffy coat as she and her partner, A$AP Rocky, continued painting the town red in honor of his 36th birthday weekend. 
The Fenty beauty founder wore black pumps and placed a jaunty black hat over her long, dark locks.
The entrepreneur wore natural looking makeup and accessorized with a pair of dark sunglasses, three layered necklaces and diamond ankle bracelet.
Rocky looked dapper in a black slacks and shoes with a white shirt and burgundy tie beneath a white trench coat with black buttons. 
Rihanna showcased her toned legs as she stepped out in New York City Saturday
The singer, 36, wore a daring corseted body suit beneath a large black puffy coat. The Fenty beauty founder wore black pumps and placed a jaunty black hat over her long, dark locks
She stepped out with boyfriend A$AP Rocky in honor of his 36th birthday weekend. The pair spent part of the evening at the trendy Italian restaurant Ambra
The pair spent part of the evening at the trendy Italian restaurant Ambra. 
The mother of two, shares sons RZA, two, and Riot, 14 months with Rocky.
She admitted 'being a boy mom is an Olympic sport,' when sharing a video of her oldest trying to run away from his playpen on social media. 
The fashion icon recently modeled new pieces of lingerie from her Savage X Fenty line. 
She launched the company in 2018, less than a year after founding her successful makeup and skincare enterprise.  
The hitmaker appears to have taken a break from the recording of her much-anticipated ninth studio album, which she's been touting for months. 
Her legions of fans have been clamoring for new music from RiRi, who last dropped her eighth album, Anti, back 2016.
The LP scored some of the best reviews of her career some eight years ago.
One of the reasons the recording has taken so long is that Rihanna wanted to collaborate with a slew of different musical artists whom she likes and respects.
The entrepreneur wore natural looking makeup and accessorized with a pair of dark sunglasses, three layered necklaces and diamond ankle bracelet
A$AP looked dapper in a black slacks and shoes with a white shirt and burgundy tie beneath a white trench coat with black buttons
She carefully navigated the street in her heels
The mother of two, shares sons RZA, two, and Riot, 14 months with Rocky
One of those includes Ayra Starr, who was in Rihanna's native Barbados with her  just weeks ago.
Rihanna holds the distinction of being the best-selling female recording artist of the 21st century by Guinness World Records.
She is also the wealthiest female musical artist with an estimated net worth of $1.4 billion. 
The songstress is allegedly preparing for the release of the LP, according to a 'well-placed music insider' who spoke with The Sun.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group