By GERAINT LLEWELLYN FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  20:39, 20 January 2024   |  Updated:  22:30, 20 January 2024   
 46
View  comments
Arabella Chi has joined Love Island All Stars as the latest bombshell - after footballer Ruben Dias 'dumped' her.
The 32-year-old model was confirmed as a new bombshell on the ITV show and it seems she is entering the villa as a very newly single lady.
Reality star Arabella and footballer Ruben, 26, were seen jetting off on holiday together as they arrived at Manchester Airport on New Year's Day, having been at the centre of romance rumours since September last year.
However, Ruben reportedly dumped Arabella soon after they returned to the UK, leaving her free to potentially find love with one of her fellow Islanders in the ITV2 show's South African villa.
But who else has the stunner dated? Here is everything you need to know..... 
Arabella Chi has joined Love Island All Stars as the latest bombshell - after footballer Ruben Dias 'dumped' her
But who else has the stunner dated? From footballers to Leonardo DiCaprio's 'close pal'. Here is everything you need to know.....
Ruben Dias
In November, it was reported that Arabella had been regularly jetting from her home in Ibiza to spend time with Ruben in the UK.
Including claims the Portuguese hunk had been 'showering' the stunner with gifts, but that the couple were trying to keep their romance under wraps.
A source said: 'Rúben and ­Arabella have been quietly dating for the past month. She has visited him in Manchester and their dates have been all under the radar.
'They went to Paris for their first romantic mini-break in the week, where he wined and dined her at all the best restaurant'
'Rúben and Arabella are trying to keep their relationship under wraps because it’s early days. But they had the best time together in Paris and seem to be really falling for each other.'
However, the pair sparked speculation among their fans after several eagled-eyed followers claimed the pair had gone on a romantic trip to Paris together in November, after posting near-identical shots.
Both Rúben and Arabella shared snaps of the Eiffel Tower taken from the same angle and clearly within minutes of each other as the same passers by could be spotted in the snaps.
In November, it was reported that Arabella had been regularly jetting from her home in Ibiza to spend time with Ruben (pictured) in the UK 
Including claims the Portuguese hunk had been 'showering' the stunner with gifts, but that the couple were trying to keep their romance under wraps 
The revelation comes after eagled-eyed fans claimed the pair were actually in Paris together this week after posting near-identical shots of the Eiffel Tower , from what is now being reported to be the couple's first 'romantic mini-break'
Leonardio DiCapio's 'close pal' Richie Akiva
Model and social influencer Arabella, split from New York businessman and 'king of the parties' Richie in September 2023 after a brief relationship.
Prior to their split, eyebrows were raised when Arabella was spotted hanging out with none other than Hollywood A-lister Leonardo DiCaprio in Ibiza.
She was spotted soaking up the sun aboard Leo's yacht along with several of his friends after being introduced through his pal Richie. 
But this Summer, Arabella soaked up the sun in Ibiza with Richie and his pals, including A-lister Leo, 48.
Richie has been a regular on the New York club scene since his teen years and opened the legendary 10ak nightclub in 2007.
He is the CEO of the Butter Group which owns other popular venues in the city including Up & Down and Butter.
Richie regularly rubs shoulders with celebrities and has previously hosted birthday parties for the likes of Rihanna and Naomi Campbell.
The businessman has also hosted one of the Met Gala's most raucous afterparties and has fronted parties for the jet-setting class in the likes of Monaco and the Maldives.
Model and social influencer Arabella, who previously took part in the fifth season of Love Island in 2019, split from New York businessman and 'king of the parties' Richie in September last year after a brief relationship(pictured together in September 2023) 
Prior to their split, eyebrows were raised when Arabella was spotted hanging out with none other than Hollywood A-lister Leonardo DiCaprio in Ibiza
She was spotted soaking up the sun aboard Leo's yacht along with several of his friends after being introduced through his pal Richie
Richie has been a regular on the New York club scene since his teen years and opened the legendary 10ak nightclub in 2007
Yoann Huget 
Arabella was linked to hunky French rugby player Yoann after they were spotted together at the French Open in June 2023. 
The lovebirds put on a cosy display as she was seen whispering tenderly in Yoann's ear, while the sportsman, 36, giggled.
Following their steamy courtside moments, the couple then cemented their new romance with a dazzling picture in front of the branding board.
A source said at the time: 'They've been dating for a while and it's now turned more serious so they were happy to make it official at the French Open.'
However the relationship appeared to fizzle out almost as quickly as it began. 
Arabella was linked to hunky French rugby player Yoann after they were spotted together at the French Open in June 2023 (pictured)  
She appeared distracted from the match however as she was seen whispering tenderly in Yoann's ear, while the sportsman, 36, giggled 
Yoann has played as both a wing and fullback throughout his rugby career which launched in 2006 when he played for Stade Toulousain 
Tom Zanetti 
 Arabella was also briefly linked to DJ Tom Zanetti in 2021 after the couple enjoyed sun-soaked getaways. 
However she was quick to shoot down the claims, insisting: 'We did a shoot together, but we're just good friends! People have assumed more than it is.
'I'm 100 percent single and for the first time in my life I'm learning about myself and I know what I want now in a guy.
'I don't want to settle. When you're younger you think "he's hot, he'll do for now," but now I'm like no, I know what I want and know my worth.'
Arabella was also briefly linked to DJ Tom Zanetti in 2021 after the couple enjoyed sun-soaked getaways
However she was quick to shoot down the claims, insisting: 'We did a shoot together, but we're just good friends! People have assumed more than it is 
Georgia Harrison
AGE: 29 
SERIES: 3
Why are you returning to the Love Island Villa? This is the last year of my 20s so I want to go in the Villa and have some fun and hopefully meet someone that I can fall in love with. I'm lucky in the sense that I've got everything in my life that I could possibly wish for, apart from love.
If you had to pick your top Islanders from Series 1 to 10 to couple up with who would they be and why? Chris Taylor, he's hilarious and the main thing I'm attracted to is a man who can make me laugh. What a fun guy and like I said, I'm looking for someone to TikTok with so I reckon he'd be game for that sort of stuff!
Georgia Steel
AGE: 25
SERIES: 4
Why are you returning to the Love Island Villa? I'm 25, I have a house, a cat, a nice car - I have everything in life but a boyfriend, so why not give it as go.
You've been brave and honest in opening up about being conned by a former partner. How has this experience impacted the way in which you now approach dating? 
I take that experience as a really positive reflection now. I look at it as something I had to go through to make me stronger and learn things in life for me to be able to learn what I want in my next partner.
Molly Smith  
AGE: 29
SERIES: 6 
What do you need to know? Molly entered her season as a Casa Amor bombshell and managed to turn Callum Jones' head.  
It's believed she ended things with Callum after three years because she 'wanted to get engaged' but the offer was seemingly not forthcoming. 
 Tom Clare
AGE: 24
SERIES: 9
Why are you returning to the Villa?
I found love last time, so I am back and ready to give it another go.
What will you do differently this time round?
Last time I did exactly what I wanted and got the girl that I wanted, so no I wouldn't do anything different.
Why do you think the Villa is the perfect place to find love?
When you're with someone 24/7 you really get to know them. It can be such an alien environment, so you really get to know someone in a short space of time. It's Love Island - it's the best place!
Jess Gale 
AGE: 24
SERIES: 6
Why are you returning to the villa?
'This time around I feel more mature and focused ready to find my future husband. I’m ready now, we’ve had so much fun the last few years I’m ready to share my life with someone else other than Eve.' 
Toby Aromolaran
AGE: 24
SERIES: 7
Why are you returning to the Love Island Villa? If I'm Single and Love Island is an opportunity for me, how could you turn down the chance to find love again?!
You were in a long term relationship with Chloe Burrows, what do you think her reaction will be when she hears you are going into the Villa? I don't know how she would take it. We will always have love for each other and I think she would wish me the best of luck, as I would certainly do the same.
 Anton Danyluk
AGE: 29
SERIES: 5
Why are you returning to the Love Island Villa? For me it was a no brainer. I got the call and it's a once in a lifetime opportunity and probably the best summer I have ever had in my life. Getting the chance to do it twice is going to be unbelievable.
Why do you think the Love Island Villa is the perfect place to find love? 
I think this time with Love Island: All Stars, things will be different, as we all understand what it's like to go on Love Island and the only thing now missing is finding a partner.
Callum Jones 
AGE: 27
SERIES: 6 
What do you need to know? Callum caused shockwaves in his series when he ended his romance with Shauna Phillips and recoupled with Molly Smith in Casa Amor.
The couple went on to have a three-year relationship, even moving in together in Manchester but split last year, months before an awkward reunion in the Love Island All Stars villa. 
Josh Ritchie 
AGE: 29
SERIES: 1 
What do you need to know? Joshua, was one of the original Islanders in 2015 and has since made a name for himself on reality TV shows including Ex on the Beach and Celebs Go Dating – and because of his highly publicised romances.
He dated fellow All Stars contestant Georgia Harrison as well as Geordie Shore star Charlotte Crosby. 
Sophie Piper
AGE: 24
SERIES: 6 
Why are you returning to the famous Love Island Villa?
I had a fun experience the first time around but I didn't go the full way and find love, so I'd love to find someone this time.
What will you do differently this time round?
I'm quite chilled and don't want drama, so I think I will approach this time round in a similar way. I'm a one guy kind of girl.
Why do you think the Villa is the perfect place to find love?
It's a once in a lifetime experience and not something that comes up every day. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group