I want to know them.
Tessa Petak is a Brooklyn-based writer who helps to cultivate InStyle's illustrious news coverage across a wide range of topics including celebrity, fashion, and entertainment. She also produces and composes celebrity profiles and features for the site and InStyle's digital issues.
Getty Images
 Couture Week has been a family affair, with Kylie Jenner matching her daughter Stormi Webster at Valentino to Rihanna and A$AP Rocky bringing their sons, RZA and Riot, along to the City of Light. Now, Reese Witherspoon and her daughter, Ava Phillippe, are the latest mother-daughter duo (though, they look like they could be sisters) to sit front row this week. The two arrived at the Fendi Haute Couture Spring-Summer 2024 runway looking like the picture of cool.

 Reese and Ava arrived at the star-studded show on Thursday wearing two very different looks that were equally as chic. Reese wore a black mock turtleneck minidress with long sleeves, a pleated skirt, and seam details in the midsection. She styled her LBD with a red handbag and black sling-back, pointy-toed heels. For her accessories, she wore a gold bangle, hoop earrings, a collection of rings, and black oversized sunglasses.

Getty Images
 Ava also brought the rizz (as the kids are saying these days) in a yellow turtleneck top tucked into a taupe leather miniskirt, layered under a gray trench coat, and paired with a baby blue purse and ivory pumps with gold ankle straps. Like her mom, Ava accessorized with shades, however, her sunnies were thin and oval-shaped.

 Once inside the show, the two were seated in the front row next to fashion darling Zendaya, who looked regal in a maroon gown with cold shoulders and long sleeves.

Getty Images
 Reese and Ava touched down in France earlier this week, and in photos obtained by the Daily Mail, the two are seen strolling through the streets of Paris in matching black trench coats. Ava gave her outerwear a '70s-inspired edge with a skinny striped scarf and flared, rose-colored pants while Reese opted for head-to-toe black with a pom-pom beanie and matching turtleneck.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)