Posted by Ally Reid at Friday, July 19, 2024 at 10:33 AM
    
Rihanna's Fenty Beauty will be a part of the Paris Olympics and Paralympics, one of its most high-profile premium partnerships.  According to a press release, volunteers distributing awards to competitors will receive makeup kits to create a “designated look” with Fenty Beauty products. Rihanna announced the collaboration on the beauty brand's Instagram this morning. She captioned a photo of her holding hands with a Fenty product, “tried to tell yall….we outside all 2024!!! PROUD to announce that @FentyBeauty is a premium partner of the Olympic AND Paralympic Games baby!!! #FentyxParis2024” Six hundred 18–21-year-old volunteers will receive cosmetics kits and tutorials for the global event. On-site makeup professionals from Fenty Beauty will match volunteers to their foundation shade. Paris hosts the Olympics from July 26 to August 11. The Paralympics will run from Wednesday, August 28, until Sunday, September 8. Which Olympic game are you excited to watch?  

            REUTERS/Aude Guerrucci
        
Become A FLY92.3 VIP!
Exclusive Contests, Content & More!  Join Now!
Join FLY92.3 For An Amazing Weekend Of Music And More!
Everybody Loves Cake
Start Your Day With Jake & Libby
Get Our Free App Now!  Let's Go Everywhere Together

                                    Cheer on the Albany Firebird this season at the MVP Arena!!

Get your tickets now to secure your seat to all the action and be part of the Firebirds' journey ...
                                

                                    The Cohoes Public Library will be hosting a Suicide Prevention event: Talk Saves Lives by the American Foundation for Suicide Prevention.
                                

                                    Basket raffle to benefit Witches Kittens Inc & Almost home 501c3 rescues. 5/10/25 10-2. 120 Bulson rd Greenwich ny. Lunch/desserts available for purchase.
                                

                                    The 77th annual Albany Tulip Festival, presented by KeyBank will be held in the historic Washington Park, the 81-acre "crown jewel" of the City on Saturday May ...