All products featured on Wired are independently selected by our editors. However, we may receive compensation from retailers and/or from purchases of products through these links.
With basically a billion streaming services to pick from, it can be hard to know where to watch big events—especially the Super Bowl, which frequently switches networks. No need to fret though. It’ll easy to watch the Kansas City Chiefs play the San Francisco 49ers for free online—no cable subscription required.
The two teams go head to head for Super Bowl LVIII in Las Vegas, Nevada today. Are you having friends over for a raucous party to watch the Big Game? Or are you just tuning in to catch Usher’s halftime show and eat some nachos? Either way, here’s everything you need to know about streaming the Super Bowl online. (We also included info on how to catch the Puppy Bowl, an adorable alternative, for those not into sports.)
Kickoff for the 2024 Super Bowl is scheduled for 6:30 pm ET today. Can’t wait for the action to begin? You can expect the pregame show to start around 2 pm ET on Paramount+.
Wanting to check out the Puppy Bowl? Celebrating 20 years of fluffy sportsmanship, the televised event starts at 2 pm ET, which gives viewers plenty of time to check it out before the main game begins.
Want to watch the Super Bowl for free? New users of Paramount+ can stream the game live by signing up for a seven-day trial. (Set a reminder to cancel your subscription after the game if you decide not to stick around.) The basic Paramount+ plan costs $6 a month, and the upgraded plan that has few ads and access to Showtime content costs twice as much.
Do you often find yourself missing the feeling of watching live television? Having second thoughts about cord-cutting, but not ready to jump back into that kind of commitment? Consider a monthly subscription to a live TV streaming service. Hulu + Live TV, YouTube TV, and FuboTV are three popular options that all carry CBS. After the introductory periods, these subscriptions cost around $75 a month.
It’s likely too late to purchase new gear before the Super Bowl starts, but you might want to consider getting an over-the-air antenna for future situations like this. Using the relatively cheap tool, you can watch local channels, including CBS, without any kind of subscription. The reception quality and channel availability depends on your location, so be sure to test it out before any live events.
Where can you stream the Puppy Bowl? If you don’t have cable or a service like YouTube TV, the Puppy Bowl is available to stream with a subscription to Max, which has plans starting at $10 a month. A more niche but cheaper option is to try out Discovery+, a streaming service with tons of trashy reality TV. Discovery+ plans start at $5 a month and include a one-week free trial.
Following in the footsteps of Rihanna’s blockbuster, baby-bump revealing performance at last year’s Super Bowl, Usher is the headliner for this year’s halftime show. The eight-time Grammy winner is best known for his energetic club hits, like “DJ Got Us Fallin’ In Love” and “Yeah!”
Who knows! Even though Taylor Swift has shown up for select Chiefs games, and boosted ratings, since she started dating Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce, it’s unclear whether the pop star will be in the stands to cheer for him. Swift is performing in Tokyo the week leading up to the Super Bowl. It’s unclear whether she’ll fly back for the game, and tracking her private flights may soon get harder.
In your inbox: Will Knight's AI Lab explores advances in AI
The Trump tariffs are how everything works now
Big Story: If Anthropic succeeds, a nation of benevolent AI geniuses could be born
Scientists claim to have brought back the dire wolf
Special Edition: The most dangerous hackers you’ve never heard of
More From WIRED
Reviews and Guides
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. WIRED may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices