By GERAINT LLEWELLYN FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  01:47, 23 January 2024   |  Updated:  01:55, 23 January 2024   
 39
View  comments
Rihanna was mobbed by fans as she left the swanky Siena restaurant in Paris on Monday, just hours after enjoying Dior's Haute Couture show amid Fashion Week.
The songstress, 35, put on a busty display in a skimpy black bralet which she layered with an oversized snakeskin coat.
Rihanna completed the look with leather trousers and strappy heels while toting her essentials for the evening in a $6K Lady Dior bag. 
She was guided through the crowd by security as eager fans waited desperately to catch a glimpse of the star. 
Despite struggling through the throng of people Rhianna appeared in high spirts and flashed a huge smile.   
Rihanna, 35, was mobbed by fans as she left the swanky Siena restaurant in Paris on Monday, just hours after enjoying Dior's Fashion Week show
She was guided through the crowd by security as eager fans waited desperately to catch a glimpse of the star
The songstress put on a busty display in a skimpy black bralet which she layered with an oversized snakeskin coat
Rihanna shared a sweet moment with Natalie Portman after bumping to each other at the Dior show earlier in the day.
The Rude Boy singer and actress, 42, disclosed a hidden liking for one another which was captured in an adorable video by the public.
The duo stopped each other in their tracks to fangirl one another after meeting unexpectedly in the French capital.
Natalie gushed: 'I love you', while Rhianna quickly interrupted: 'I am a proper fan'.
Shocked at her response, the actress replied: 'Are you kidding me?'
Rihanna said: 'You are one of the hottest b****** in Hollywood forever. You have the most innocent look an I'm like "uhhh".'
Natalie added: 'I'm gonna faint. I love you and I listen to your music all the time, you're just such a queen and just thank you.'
Rihanna urged: 'Can somebody take a picture? So I like remember this happened tomorrow', while Natalie added: 'Please!!'
The singer added: 'I don't get excited to meet anybody, but I love you!'
Rihanna completed the look with leather trousers and strappy heels while toting her essentials for the evening in a $6K Lady Dior bag
She wore her blonde tresses loose and let them tumble past her shoulders 
Despite struggling through the throng of people Rhianna appeared in high spirts and flashed a huge smile
The stunner accentuated her natural beauty with a list dusting of make-up 
It was a military operation to get Rihanna through the crowd to her car 
Fans tried desperately to capture a snap of the singer 
Never one to disappoint Rihanna showcased large diamond rings on her fingers 
After seeing the video, fans gushed to the comments in awe of their blossoming friendship and wrote: 'This literally means so much to me'.
'Two queens coming together for a joint slay' 
The iconic singer belted up a padded jacket and matching pencil skirt as she showed off her edgy sense of style.
Rihanna wore her quirky black ensemble with a cap and ruched leather gloves to the fashion show, which attracted some of the biggest celebrities.
The Disturbia songstress added a chic twist to her look with a pair of pointed white stilettos and a dazzling diamond necklace. 
Finishing off her outfit, Rihanna toted a classic patent leather textured Dior handbag and completed her flawless make-up look with heavily lined lips.
Jordyn Woods was also spotted at the A-list eatery 
She flaunted her jaw-dropping curves in a skin-tight dress 
She posed up a storm before tucking into her French meal 
She arrived with a huge smile and wrapping up warm from the chill in a black wool coat
Rihanna and her partner A$AP Rocky, 35, made a low-key arrival to Paris on Sunday night with their young children.
The pop star sweetly doted on her eldest son RZA, 18 months, as she wrapped him up in a blanket on the way to the terminal.
Meanwhile A$AP carried their younger son Riot Rose Mayers, six months, as they touched down in Europe.
Natalie put on a leggy display in a black blazer and thigh-skimming skirt teamed with towering platform heels. 
She revealed her toned pins in the skimpy ensemble that also featured a plunging waistcoat, while her dark tresses were styled into tousled curls. 
Rihanna shared a sweet moment with Natalie Portman after bumping to each other at the Dior show earlier in the day

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group