Nicole Perez, Anchor/Reporter
Published: September 24, 2024 at 5:29 PM
Nicole Perez, Anchor/Reporter
MARGATE, Fla. – This week on Mom to Mom, Local 10′s Nicole Perez spent time at The Legacy Closet, a South Florida organization with one goal, to help South Florida families in need.
Margi Pattin founded The Legacy Closet to help South Floridians get back on their feet. On a daily basis, she can help 30 to 40 people with several kinds of services.
“We allow people to come in and fill out an intake form and we register them in hopes to get them some type of shelter and wraparound services to help them regain and recapture their life,” said Pattin.
The organization helps the homeless, families with the Department of Children and Families and even veterans. It also provides many essentials for young families including diapers, toys, games and more.
“We pack them bags with food, Bath and Body Works items, toothpaste and toothbrushes. It’s a one stop shop also for feminine hygiene products to make them a little more comfortable and give them hope, " said Pattin.
One of Pattin’s goals is to provide housing for those who need it most, if they meet the requirements.
“If they are homeless, we require them to register with the homeless task force. If they have children, they have to register with heart program, and the organization would like to see them fulfil 5 job applications a week. If they fulfill the steps, then we prolong their stay here at the hotel,” said Pattin.
Pattin founded the organization five years ago to start helping others out of her garage.
“I’ve given my life to this mission, and I think it’s important with the housing crisis these days. I was once homeless myself with my children and I said one day if God was able to get me out of this situation that I would return the favor, and The Legacy closet is me returning the favor,” said Pattin.
But she said she does not do it alone. She has a team of volunteers who give their time and give back. One of those volunteers is Nikole Zarbalas, an executive chef who owns two restaurants and has an open-door policy for whoever needs a meal.
“We basically supply hot meals to her organization no questions asked. No judgment. That’s how we always looked at the homeless. They are not any different than we are. They’re just in a bad spot right now. It’s just temporary, " said Zarbalas.
Nicole was able to meet some of the people the organization was helping at the time.
14-year-old Rihanna missed an entire school year while she and her mom were trying to get back on their feet after being kicked out of their house.
“It was hard and uncomfortable. We were sleeping in the chair of the car. We barely ate because it was hard to get food,” said Rihanna.
Through the good times and the bad, Rihanna and her mother persevered.
“With Rihanna what I did is that I promised her that I would help her and that day I picked up the phone and called Broward County Heart program and said I need your help –and they’re here today because I told them she would be here to get her enrolled in school today,” said Pattin.
A woman named Tiffany, and her three daughters, received the keys to a hotel room. A domestic violence situation led to homelessness, and she said she is doing what she can to keep her children safe. Tiffany said her plan while they stay in the hotel is to work, save money and eventually buy a house.
“They provided us with a room and toiletries and things that we needed. As you can see the kids are happy. I’m happy. We are blessed. We are safe and God is good,” said Tiffany.
Serge Hunter was forced to leave his home after it was condemned due to a mold issue. He is also blind. Pattin has been able to help house him at the hotel for the last two and a half months.
“I’m lucky in that regard, that there is someone like a Margi to do this kind of work for people,” said Hunter.
Pattin said her hopes are to one day help those in need with a permanent housing method, where people can come and receive services and have a stable home to come to.
If you need help or know of someone who needs help, contact The Legacy Closet by clicking on this link.
If you would like to highlight a mom who makes a difference in our community, send us an email at MomToMom@wplg.com.
For more Mom to Mom stories, click on this link.
Copyright 2024 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
Nicole Perez is the the primary co-anchor of Local 10 News at 4 p.m., 5 p.m., 6 p.m. and 11 p.m. She first joined Local 10 in July 2016 as the morning traffic reporter.
email
facebook
twitter
Recommended Videos
TV Listings
Email Newsletters
RSS Feeds
Closed Captioning / Audio Description
Contact Us
Careers at WPLG
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Public File
FCC Applications
EEO Report
Do Not Sell My Info
1.0 Host Exhibit
Cookie Preferences
If you need help with the Public File, call (954) 364-2526
Copyright © 2025 Local10.com is published by WPLG INC., a Berkshire Hathaway company.