Since it opened its very first international physical location, this shop-in-shop within Selfridges’ iconic lingerie department on Oxford Street is set to redefine how customers experience Savage X Fenty.
Since its inception, Savage X Fenty has been driven by its industry-disrupting ethos of creating innovative, inclusive lingerie that seamlessly fits into every intimate moment of customers’ lives. This partnership will enable customers to experience IRL what has globally made Savage X Fenty so unique –  an extensive assortment of styles designed for all body types at accessible price points with a bold embrace of individuality.
“We’re so excited to finally announce our first international retail space at none other than the quintessential shopping destination: Selfridges. This gives us an opportunity to be brought closer to our UK and international shoppers, and to connect with Selfridges’ unique and diverse customer base. This is just the beginning of a very exciting chapter for Savage X Fenty, and this partnership is the perfect starting point for us to showcase the brand’s commitment to delivering accessible, innovative products that are made for everybody,” said Genevieve Kunst, SVP and GM Europe, Savage X Fenty.
The Savage X Fenty experience at Selfridges, both instore and online, strives to provide an inclusive and accessible way to shop. The shop-in-shop will include the brand’s latest product innovation and softest collection yet, Soft N’ Savage, as well as Savage X Fenty’s best-selling fashion and core collections, including Savage Not Sorry, Mod Poppy, Romantic Corded Lace and Sheer X.
“We are thrilled to welcome Rihanna’s Savage X Fenty lingerie line to Selfridges. Savage X Fenty’s inclusive designs embody our commitment to celebrating individuality and diversity. This partnership allows us to offer our customers even more choices to express themselves with confidence and style. We are excited to offer the collection to our customers and community.” Bosse Myhr – Director of Menswear, Womenswear at Selfridges.
Savage X Fenty at Selfridges offers bra sizes ranging from 32A-42D and underwear and lingerie sizes ranging from XS-4X. Retail prices begin at £15.00.
Savage X Fenty is now available in Selfridges iconic Oxford Street store and online at Selfridges.com.
Lakeside Shopping Centre, the internationally renowned shopping, dining and leisure space owned by SGS Group,...
Klarna, the AI-powered payments and commerce network, crossed 11 million active customers and has doubled...
Côte Brasserie is bringing the timeless charm of French hospitality into the home like never...
Wickes is proud to announce it has reached its £2 million fundraising target for The...
The Lexicon, owned in a joint venture between Schroders Capital and Legal & General Capital,...
Whether you’re passionate about games of chance or you’ve never stepped into the captivating casino...