If you are visiting Wales or looking to keep the kids entertained during the holidays this August, you are spoiled for choice with things to get up to. From food festivals to live music events, outdoor adventure activities and more, there is something for everyone to enjoy.
There are events taking place all over Wales, but if you're thinking of staying in Cardiff this August, check out our Cardiff-specific list here. Find out about the latest events in Wales by signing up to our What's On newsletter here
Here are some of the best things to do in Wales in August 2024. We also have guides about the places kids can eat free this summer, and if the weather looking on the drearier side, the best soft play centres in Wales.
Read next: The Cardiff bucket list: 36 amazing things to do and places to visit in the capital
Read more: 28 beer gardens in Wales that are well worth a visit
This year's National Eisteddfod, Wales' biggest cultural festival, is being held in Ynysangharad War Memorial Park in Pontypridd from Saturday, August 3 to Saturday, August 10. The festival is filled with all kinds of activities, stalls, food and drink for all the family to enjoy. It's the home of Ponty Lido, too, so that means that, for the first time ever, there will be a heated outdoor swimming pool on the Maes. Under 5s can enter the Maes for free, with the rest of the day tickets ranging from £12-23. Family ticket options are also available. Read our full guide, here.
Cardiff Bay's famous Aqua Park is currently open for the summer. Thrill seekers will be able to bounce, slip and slide their way across the UK's largest collection of bespoke big impact water obstacles. The course includes 'blast bags' which you can use to launch your friends into the air, a huge 3.5m slide, monkey bars and two 'tornado towers' which you can flip off into the water. People are encouraged to book in advance, but there are plenty of sessions available. You can read more about it here.
Green Man Festival is back this August. The independent music, science and arts festival is being held from Thursday, August 15 to Sunday, August 18 in the Brecon Beacons. Ezra Collective, Arlo Parks and Big Thief are just some of the names that are performing.
Tickets are sold out, but there is fan-to-fan resale at the website, here.
There are a number of shows heading to the Wales Millennium Centre this August for a range of audiences. Heathers The Musical will be at the theatre from August 13-17, followed by Blood Brothers on August 20-24 before the Dolly Parton musical Here You Come Again stops by from August 27-31.
As well as the shows on offer, you can also take a backstage tour and get an exclusive behind-the-scenes look at the Wales Millennium Centre. Tours are held every Friday and tickets cost £12.
The UK's very best tribute acts will be performing over three days in Lovesgrove, Aberystwyth for The Big Tribute Festival. The Big Tribute HQ, who organise the festival, say "The Big Tribute delivers an affordable, accessible and great value weekend festival experience, without compromising on quality or feel good factor. So, whether you’re a local resident, seasoned festival-goer, holidaymaker or Aber graduate organising a reunion, The Big Tribute invites you to Lovesgrove, Aberystwyth this August to enjoy a weekend of live music, free camping and fun with festival friends old and new."
The festival line-up includes Taylor Swift, Foo Fighters, Fleetwood Mac and Rihanna tribute acts, so there truly is something to suit any music taste. It is being held from August 23-25 and tickets are available here
Wales has many outdoor cinema screening events this summer which can be a great way to spend an evening with a picnic in the nice weather. Adventure Cinema is coming to Bute Park at the beginning of August, from Thursday, 1 August to Sunday, 4 August. The films being shown include Bridget Jones' Diary, Toy Story, Back to the Future and Grease and Frozen sing-a-longs.
Penarth Pier Pavilion's cinema by the sea is also being held from August 13-22. There you will be able to watch Finding Nemo, Kung Fu Panda, Clueless and 10 Things I Hate About You, amongst others.
You can spend a weekend indulging in a range of delicious food and drink in Pembrokeshire's Milford Waterfront on August 10-11. Along with the food and drink vendors, there will also be live entertainment throughout both days.
Natalie Hunt, Destination Manager at Milford Waterfront said: “This is the ultimate event for food lovers! We are so excited to have so many traders and producers showcasing their amazing food with everything from Mexican delicacies to juicy smash burgers, fish and chips, and so much more!
"Whether you're a foodie looking to explore new tastes or simply in the mood for a fun day out, this weekend promises to give you just that. We cannot wait to see everyone down at Mackerel Quay enjoying the food, drinks and music."
You can see St Fagans National Museum of History in a different way this summer thanks to their exciting high ropes course. Climb, swing, balance and wobble your way through the trees and see St Fagans from above, before zipping back down to earth on a zip wire. Tickets can be booked here.
Even though the summer of music at Cardiff Castle has come to an end, there are still live music events to be enjoyed in the city. McFly, New Order, Becky Hill and Tiësto are all performing at Alexandra Head in Cardiff Bay this August. You can buy tickets here.
The Hi-Tide Inn are hosting a free fireworks display every Tuesday in August. The fireworks will be set off when it gets dark, so it would be a great way to end a day at the beach.
Families can get outdoors this August at Dyffryn Gardens. Dyffryn Garden Games has returned and there will be several games and sports to play in the gardens, including hurdles, table tennis and archery. Dogs are also welcome on leads. There is no need to book and no extra charge.
Piano man Billy-Joel will be performing in Cardiff for the first time ever at the Principality Stadium on Friday, August 9. It is his only European tour date in 2024. Some tickets are still available here.
Cardigan Bay Regatta is a perfect event for all the family. It is being held over three days on August 9-11. There are the expected sailing races for all classes but also swimming races and fun events for children and families. There will even be sandcastle building competitions on the first day.
Every August, 20,000 people from all walks of life head to the Vale of Glamorgan Show. Alongside the livestock and horse showing, there will be more than 200 trade stands selling a range of goods. There will also be a KC registered dog show and a craft fair. This year, the show will be held on Wednesday, August 7.
Every Wednesday and Saturday until August 26, pirates are taking over the Royal Mint Experience in Llantrisant. Kids can take part in a bounty of activities that will keep you entertained for hours, enjoy live pirate shows and complete challenges to gain your swashbuckling certificate.
Cardigan River and Food Festival has been growing over recent years and is returning on Saturday, August 17th. On top of its celebration of food grown and prepared in the area, the festival will also have several activities for the whole family to enjoy. These include boat trips, a duck race and best dressed boat competition.
This unique event attracts competitors from all over the world. Runners race against a steam train on the Talyllyn Railway on its journey to Abergynolwyn and back. Spectators can enjoy watching the races by travelling on the race trains. There are also a choice of distances, including the original 14-mile race which follows the train's entire route and shorter challenges including 5.5 and 3.5 mile courses. You can find out more here.
Visitors are invited to join Caernarfon Castle's medieval re-enactors for fun and entertainment on Saturday, August 17 and Sunday, August 18. You can get a taste of medieval life with combat displays, archery, dancing and demonstrations.
The Caerphilly Cheese Festival is returning on Saturday, August 31 and Sunday, September 1. The event is getting even bigger this year with a larger funfair, food halls and even more stalls. In the town centre, there will also be several live music areas. The Caerphilly Cheese Race is also returning on the Saturday, where teams of 4 are tasked with making their way from Caerphilly Castle with their wheels of cheese, passing through Dafydd Williams Park to be the first to reach the front of the castle. There is a £100 prize up for grabs.
Cardiff Bay Family Fun Park is filling the iconic Road Dahl Plass, located between Mermaid Quay and the Wales Millennium Centre until August 26. The whole family can enjoy classic funfair attractions such as the dodgems, funhouse and the smaller children's rides on offer. There is also plenty of fun park food to try, including burgers, hot dogs and loaded fries, along with donuts, ice cream and snow cones.
Brecon Jazz Festival will be held over 3 weekends in August with 6 days of music and fun to be enjoyed. The festival was created in 1984 by local jazz enthusiasts but has now grown to an event which welcomes jazz musicians from across the world. Family day is on Sunday, August 4, before the main weekend kicks off from Friday, August 9 to Sunday, August 11. The final weekend, August 17-18 is the jazz weekend. You can find the full programme of events and artists here.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.