We did the creative thinking so you don't have to
When it comes to annual holidays, there's so much to love about New Year's Eve. Celebratory glitter? Great! Strong champagne cocktails? Even better. The possibility of a midnight makeout sesh? Sign us up! The past year has been...well, quite a journey, to say the least. But all that stress is so last year, and it's officially time to take on 2025.
Whether you're partying hard with a night out on the town (in which case you'll def be snapping 'fit pics) or just clinking cute flutes at home, memories must be made and proper attention should be given to crafting the perfect Instagram caption. I mean, it's pretty much a public manifestation of the year to come, right? No pressure or anything, but it's gotta be good.
So, as 2024 finally comes to a close, here are a bunch of New Year's captions and quotes set to inspire you to get that promotion, rid those toxic people from your life, and *actually* hang up the clothes that have been piling up on The Chair in your room. Yeah, we're kicking 2025 off on a high note! Now, allow these NYE captions to ignite the better version of you that exists within. 
11 of the best kitchen knife sets to shop now
24 of the best outdoor dining spots in London 
10 DFS sofas for every home aesthetic
The sandwiches in London worth queuing for
Shark's new fan is all you need for the heatwave
These captions are perf for your brother's bday
135 captions for perfect graduation ’grams
Starbucks new menu is full of tiramisu drinks
We tried the M&S Dubai pistachio chocolate bar
McDonald's confirms Frank's RedHot collab return
The best pasta restaurants in London
Your must-see, do and stay guide to Antananarivo
Cosmopolitan, Part of the Hearst UK Fashion & Beauty Network
Cosmopolitan participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England 112955. All Rights Reserved.