German researchers found a previously unknown Mozart work from the 1760s—here’s what it sounds like 
Considered one of the greatest classical music composers of all time Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart’s music career ended at the time of his death in 1791. Or so we thought, until archival researchers in Leipzig, Germany recently discovered an unreleased Mozart piece written during his teenage years. Read to learn more about the unearthed manuscript and how fans are reacting to it. 
Fred de Noyelle
Researchers at Leipzig Municipal Library were revising the Köchel catalogue—a chronological compilation of Mozart’s works—when they discovered Mozart’s previously unknown composition.
The newly discovered Mozart composition, written in dark brown ink on laid paper, was likely created during his early teenage years in the 1760s due to its compositional characteristics. 
The rediscovered manuscript was originally titled “Serenate ex C,” but has since been renamed “Ganz kleine Nachtmusik,” which translates to “quite or very little night music” in reference to Mozart’s famous composition “Eine kleine Nachtmusik”, or “a little night music”. The newly found piece had a live premiere at the Leipzig Opera shortly after its discovery. 
Fans online mused about Mozart’s new song topping the Billboard Hot 100 list and even joked about the deceased composer releasing new music before modern artists like Rihanna.
brandstaetter images
Throughout his career, Mozart composed over 600 works. His compositions are hallmarked by their simplicity, balance, and symmetry. 
The recently discovered and retitled “Ganz kleine Nachtmusik,” comprises seven miniature movements written for a string trio to perform. The piece’s runtime is about 12 minutes. 
In addition to stylistic choices that indicate the piece was penned around the time Mozart was between the ages of 10 and 13, the absence of “Amadeo,”—the composer’s middle name—in the attribution also offered a time frame. Mozart did not add “Amadeo,” to his signature until 1769, when he was 19. 
Vladislav Zolotov
On Saturday, September 21, “Ganz kleine Nachtmusik,” premiered at the Leipzig Opera at a heavily attended outdoor performance. 
Anxious fans formed a line nearly a quarter of a mile long outside the stage as they awaited to hear Mozart’s new song performed by graduates of the Johann Sebastian Bach Music School.
Fans who watched the live premiere of Mozart’s new song on video praised the performers and expressed excitement at hearing this long-lost composition.
You can watch the performance here:
Grafissimo
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart was born in Salzburg, Austria on January 27, 1756. Both his father, a composer, and mother instilled the importance of music from a young age. By the age of six, Mozart was already a proficient composer and keyboard performer. 
He composed the majority of his works during the Classical era (1756-1791). During this time, Mozart’s writing was prolific and, to this day, his compositions are revered as some of the most iconic operas and symphonies of all time. 
Mozart’s most famous pieces include Le Nozze di Figaro, K. 492 which notably appeared on screen in films such as The Shawshank Redemption and Trading Places. 
Mozart passed away in 1791 likely due to complications relating to frequent cases of tonsillitis that he suffered from throughout his life.
Want to read more stories about music? Click here!
Queen’s Music Catalog to Be Acquired by Sony Music for a Massive Amount of Money: All About the Deal
6 Actors Who Didn’t Sing In Their Famous Movies — But We Thought They Did
This Woman’s Program Uses the Arts to Help Kids with Disabilities Thrive
Conversation
All comments are subject to our Community Guidelines. Woman's World does not endorse
					the opinions and views shared by our readers in our comment sections. Our comments section is a place
					where readers can engage in healthy, productive, lively, and respectful discussions. Offensive language,
					hate speech, personal attacks, and/or defamatory statements are not permitted. Advertising or spam is
					also prohibited.
				
You have successfully subscribed.
Part of the a360media Women's Service Group.Copyright © a360media 2025. All Rights Reserved
By clicking Sign In, you agree to our Terms and Conditions and that you have read our Privacy Policy.
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include:
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include: