For 2024, the Latina founded brand set a goal to give $100K in donations through its non-profit.
I love a beauty brand where my money goes beyond just accentuating a look or helping me achieve the latest beauty trend. I met Shades by Shan co-founder Shan Berries at an event in New York City and was instantly captivated by her effervescent, warm personality. She was with Juan Luna, the Chief Marketing Officer of Shades by Shan, who vogued upon meeting me. The West Coast based brand is young and fun—like the new kid in class everyone wants to get to know. And how could you not? The brand’s foundation is community with a large giveback initiative through its Mamaberries Nonprofit Foundation, where a portion of each Shades by Shan Purchase supports single parents in need. 
“Our [2024] goal is to give out $100K in donations through the Mamaberries Nonprofit Foundation,” Luna shares with ELLE.com. Since its inception, the brand has helped over 80 single-family households with grants in $2,500 and $5,000 sums. “That’s been a big thing. The bigger we grow, we always want to make sure we are giving back. That’s the heartbeat of our brand,” he says. I was sent their lipsticks, matte translucent powder, liquid eyeliners, and gel pearl eyeliners—I instantly fell in love with the latter. 
In our Spring/Summer 2024 makeup trend report, Glamazon Beauty founder and pro makeup artist Kim Baker predicted colored eyeliner would be the trend for the season. Berries’ Jasmine gel pearl eyeliner will be the star of any look. At $18.00, I wasn’t sure what to expect, but Berries ensured that her product could stand up to other pigmented products. Upon application, it smoothly glided across my eyelid with ease. The green shadow sparkled on my eyes and people guessed luxury high-end brands before I smiled and said, “It’s Shades by Shan.” While many were unfamiliar with the brand, their commitment to community and high-quality products has built a loyal West Coast following, leading the women-founded Latina brand to burgeon into a seven-figure beauty business in five years. Available exclusively at JCPenney, the retailer recently ended their relationship with Sephora and, with Thirteen Lune’s help, is building its empire of brand partners, of which Shades by Shan is a part. The shadow is long-lasting. I wore it all day, through a facial, and at a work dinner—it didn’t move or fade. 
If you’re unsure how to wear pigmented eyeliner or you are timid about color, then opt for how I wore it. After applying my base face, I used the jade green eye pencil, brushed my lid with a brown from the Too Faced Born This Way The Natural Nudes Eyeshadow Palette, and applied my favorite mascara (currently Benefit Fan Fest). It’s a simple look that gives just the right amount of pop. If you are bolder with your makeup looks, I would use this for your favorite mermaidcore beauty look or apply it to your Carnival makeup this February. 
These Cat-Eye Sunglasses Are Bold and Timeless
A Soothing Body Wash for Your ‘Everything Shower’
This Body Wash Is So Good, I Fully Ditched Lotion
My Coworkers Bullied Me Into Using Snail Mucin
I Finally Got the Glass Skin of My K-Beauty Dreams
This Hair Dryer Dries My Hair in Four Minutes Flat
The Barrier Cream That’s Actually Acne-Safe
The Fragrance That Will Make You Want to Marry Him
This Face Oil Is Like Zoloft for Your Skin
The Viral Sheet Mask That Gave Us Dolphin Skin
This Serum Wakes Up Zombie-Like Cells in My Skin
The Chic Anti-Trend Coat That’s Saving My Winter
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.