"I truly am struggling with whether all of this is purposeful, or this is just really poor lawyering."

							By 

	Preezy Brown

Hip-Hop Reporter

	In a surprising turn of events, the presiding judge over Young Thug‘s YSL RICO trial openly criticized the prosecution’s handling of the case, expressing frustration with their approach and lack of transparency. 

	On Monday (Sept. 30), presiding Judge Paige Reese Whitaker criticized Chief Deputy DA Adriane Love regarding their tactics during the case, seemingly attributing their conduct throughout the proceedings.

	“It is baffling to me that somebody with the number of years of experience that you have, time after time after time, continues to seemingly and purposefully hide the ball to the extent you possibly can, for as long as you possibly can,” Whitaker told Love during the hearing.

	










	The judge elaborated, “I really don’t want to believe that it is purposeful but honestly, after a certain number of times, you start to wonder how can it be anything but that, unless it is just that you are so unorganized that you are throwing this case together as you try it.”
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Brian Steel, Attorney Who Helped Free Young Thug, Joins Diddy's Defense Team		
			







	The judge’s comments reflected a deep concern about the prosecution’s behavior, as she questioned whether Love’s blunder were a case of intentionality and incompetence. “I truly am struggling with whether all of this is purposeful, or this is just really poor lawyering on the part of members of the state’s team. Either way, it’s really unfortunate. If it’s something other than poor lawyering, it’s more than unfortunate.”

	In a final plea for improvement, Whitaker emphasized to Love the necessity for clarity and cooperation in the proceedings moving forward. “I don’t know if I can stress any more than I already have how much the state’s lawyers need to make an effort to be upfront and forthright in the trial of this case,” she said.

	The YSL RICO trial has included numerous unforseen events that have prolonged the proceedings and cast an air of doubt regarding the prosecution’s ability to prove their case against Young Thug and his alleged cohorts. Beginning in January 2023, the YSL RICO trial is now the longest-running trial in Georgia state history and is expected to continue into 2025.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.