We sentence you to being too lit fr. 
Share Options
Share a link too this article
Come on now.
For a while now, people have been wondering what it will look like as Millenials and Gen Zers represent themselves and others in court. Why quote Judge Learned Hand when brainrot would suffice? But these aren’t the only generations trying to get in on the fun. Judge Gary N. Wilcox, 58, was ultimately suspended over a couple of TikTok videos that were unbecoming of a judge. ABA Journal has coverage:
[Judge] Wilcox has consented to discipline and stipulated that he violated ethics rules requiring judges to observe high standards of integrity, to avoid the appearance of impropriety, and to conduct extrajudicial activities in a way that does not demean the judicial office.

					Want more time for what matters most? MyCase streamlines your firm so you can focus on winning cases. See how much time you could save with our Law Firm Time Savings Calculator—try it now!				
The “demeaning the judicial office” in question involves lip syncing to some of Busta Rhymes and Rihanna’s innuendos, wearing a Beavis and Butthead tee under his robes, and singing from his bed. Very goofy, yes, but far less demeaning to the public’s perception of improprietous judicial activities than something that actually questions the judge’s neutrality when performing their job roles like flying the “We Love Coups Actually” flag or failing to honestly fill out basic disclosure forms for decades. It should be less demeaning, at least.
If you are representing a client and the best defense you’ve been able to craft so far is a hail Mary “my client was being a silly guy,” you’d best see if you can delay the court date for three months. A word to the wise Judge, leave the lip syncing and thirst trapping to Loloverruled.
Judge, AKA ‘Sal Tortorella’ On TikTok, Gets Unpaid Suspension For Lip-Syncing Videos [ABA Journal]

					This tweak to your financial management seems like a no-brainer. 				
Chris Williams became a social media manager and assistant editor for Above the Law in June 2021. Prior to joining the staff, he moonlighted as a minor Memelord™ in the Facebook group Law School Memes for Edgy T14s.  He endured Missouri long enough to graduate from Washington University in St. Louis School of Law. He is a former boatbuilder who cannot swim, a published author on critical race theory, philosophy, and humor, and has a love for cycling that occasionally annoys his peers. You can reach him by email at [email protected] and by tweet at @WritesForRent.
Learn legal trust accounting best practices to ensure compliance and protect client funds. Discover expert tips to set your firm up for success.
Position your firm for long-term growth with better financial visibility and control. Learn how to track performance, manage spending, and plan strategically—download the full e-book now.
Lexis Create+ merges legacy drafting tools with AI-powered assistance from Protégé and secure DMS integration enabled by the Henchman acquisition.
About
Newsletters

			© 2025 Breaking Media, Inc. All rights reserved. Registration or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.