PUMA introduces all-new earth tone collaboration with Rihanna’s FENTYYzzy Liwanag | YLiwanag@syracuse.com
Stop waiting for Rihanna to drop a new album, she’s busy dropping shoes. 
PUMA just released a new collaboration with FENTY on earth-toned shoes in toddler, kid’s, men’s and, women’s sizes. The collaboration comes in three colors, Totally Taupe, Green Fog, and Warm White. This new collaboration is expected to sell out, so you’ll want to run to grab your new pair of kicks. 
Crafted from premium nubuck, the new FENTY x PUMA Creeper Phatty effortlessly combines soft, earthy hues. Highlighted with gold accents and the signature Creeper sole, Rihanna’s latest release exudes timeless appeal.
Related: Nike just slashed the price of the Dunk Low, Air Force 1 for Mother’s Day
FENTY x PUMA Creeper Phatty Earth Tone Women's Sneakers in Green Fog.Courtesy of PUMA
Green Fog - $140
Rihanna and PUMA embrace earthy tones with the Creeper Phatty Earth Tone. Crafted from luxurious nubuck, the new FENTY x PUMA Creeper Phatty makes a statement with its soft, natural hues. Accents of gold and the iconic Creeper sole add a touch of sophistication to Rihanna’s latest release.
The shoe features a leather upper with lace closure, a ribbed gum midsole, a gum outsole, and PUMA branding details.
Check out all the colors in all the sizes here. 
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices