A judge has ruled that "Pink Friday" rapper Nicki Minaj and her husband Kenneth Petty must pay a five figure cash payout to a security guard for assault.
In 2019, security guard Thomas Weidenmuller alleged Minaj and Petty beat him backstage that caused him to leave with a broken jaw, according to 'Rolling Stone.'
Per the report, Minaj's husband Petty allegedly snuck up on Weidenmuller from behind and sucker punched him, possibly as payback. Weidenmuller stepped between Minaj, 41, and a female security guard during an altercation backstage in Frankfurt, Germany.
RELATED: Nicki Minaj Jokes About Megan Thee Stallion's Dead Mother After 'Megan's Law' Lyric
"I felt a blinding pain in my head, neck, face and jaw. I could tell in that instant that something was seriously wrong with my jaw," the documents stated per the publication.
"I now have five plates in my jaw, and my jaw has not yet been fully reconstructed. The doctors must still insert implants into my jaw as a part of the reconstruction process. In the interim, the doctors have inserted donor bones from a deceased person into my mouth in order to preserve space for the future implants," Weidenmuller said in a sworn statement.
Initially, Weidenmuller asked for $21,000 to cover medical bills and $700,000 for ongoing bills and pain and suffering. However, the judge ordered $503,318 to be paid, per 'Rolling Stone,' due to Minaj's lack of response to the filing.
Lawyers representing Weidenmuller told the court multiple attempts were made to serve Minaj, which all failed.
RELATED: Nicki Minaj Sets New Record As Female Rapper With Most No. 1 Albums
Petty, 45, is no stranger to courts. In 1995, he was convicted for first-degree attempted rape of a 16-year-old girl. He spent four years in prison. He was also sentenced to three years probation in July 2022 after neglecting to register as a sex offender in California, per the Hollywood Reporter.
Minaj and Petty married in 2019, and have one son together who they've affectionately nicknamed Papa Bear, who is three years old.