For the first time, I tried beauty products from Aldi and was pleasantly surprised. As the price for most items is under £5, I was a bit sceptical, but I was pleased by how good the products were.
I've shopped at Aldi plenty of times for food, but have not given myself the chance to check out its SpecialBuys aisle. After reading all sorts of positive reviews online and people raving about the supermarket's budget Lacura range on TikTok and Instagram, I was keen to find out what I was missing.
I managed to get my hands on the bargain retailer's upcoming beauty range to see if the Lacura hype was real. Its new collection boasts two Fenty-inspired lip glosses that will save Rihanna fans money on the pop star's popular Gloss Bomb Universal Lip Luminizer (£15.30).
READ MORE: How to get Disney+ for £1.99 a month - but you'll need to be quick
READ MORE: Fred. Olsen launch cruise sale with holiday destinations from Liverpool
There's also a gorgeous smelling body cream, scalp scrub, lightweight skin tint and a multi-peptide hair and scalp serum. Each product only costs £3.99 - except for the skin tint, which is £4.99 - this in itself is enough to make me want to give them a go.
I usually buy most of my beauty products from Selfridges or Boots. But I'm open to trying different places since pricier doesn't always mean better.
The products are scheduled to come out in stores nationwide March 17 - so not too long to go now. Fortunately, I was able to try out the new collection in advance.
Better still, all Lacura products are dermatologically tested and cruelty-free - perfect for my sensitive skin.
The first product I tried was Aldi's Gloss Boss lip glosses that come in two different shades: Pretty In Pink and In The Buff. According to Aldi, the new lip products promise to deliver the "perfect amount of shine and hydration".
The budget retailer also says: "Pouts will be left looking fuller, smoother and lightly fragranced with a delicious vanilla scent." As you can see from the pictures, In The Buff has an orange tint to it, while Pretty In Pink is, surprise, more pink.
However, there isn't much difference between the two colour-wise - including when on the lips. What I will say though is they gave an incredible shine and didn't feel too sticky either, which is something I hate.
I could feel the product still on my lips an hour after applying it and it did leave me with softer lips that felt hydrated and moisturised. So if anything, I will probably be using the lip glosses for their shine and hydrating sensation more than their colour.
Would happily buy this in stores when it comes out.
The second product I tested out was Aldi's new Lacura Perfect Skin Tint, which costs £4.99 for a 30ml bottle and comes in six different shades - varying from fair to dark. I had shade number three, which surprised me by how well it matched my skin tone.
I've been told the best way to check if a foundation, concealer or skin tint is a good match to your skin colour is by applying it to the inside of your forearm, as this is the same shade as your face.
According to Aldi, its 'lightweight' tinted moisturiser "offers buildable coverage that will effortlessly even skin tone." It added: "The formulation will blur the look of imperfections - much like the Fenty Beauty Eaze Drop Blurring Skin Tint (£23)."
I really liked how lightweight the product felt and was really easy to blend in. From far away it did appear to give a 'blurring' effect.
But up close, I felt like I could see the lines on my skin more with the product than without. On the other hand, I really enjoyed how much it evened out my skin tone.
It probably wouldn't be the first skin tint I'd rush to buy if I needed a new one, but I wouldn't mind using it again for casual days out.
Last up was Aldi's Body Crème, Scalp and Body Scrub, as well as the supermarket's Multi-Peptide Hair and Scalp Serum. I was very excited to use these products as my hair needed a wash anyway and I'm a sucker for healthy hair.
I was particularly impressed with the Lacura Body Crème, not only did it rub into my skin nicely and didn't leave a stink residue, it smelt divine.
I would happily buy it again just to smell it. A few hours after applying the product I could still smell it on my arm slightly and it did leave my skin feeling soft.
Aldi describes the £3.99 Body Crème as a 'fast-absorbing' and 'luxurious floral scented' product that delivers 'long-lasting hydration'. Enriched with coconut oil, squalene and cupuacu butter, the 'ultra-dreamy' crème 'soothes' and promotes a 'luminous glow'.
It also offers a competitive saving of £30 compared to Quai's version (£32).
As for the scalp and body scrub, I love using scrubs on my body, but wasn't sure what it would be like in my hair. After using it on my arms and legs, my skin did feel nourished and very smooth which I love - although the sugar crystals were pretty dense.
When it came to using it on my scalp, it felt pretty strange and it didn't lather up as much as I thought it may have done and left me with lots of sugar crystals all in my hair. But, and it's a big but, my hair felt so clean after I rinsed it all out.
Weirdly, almost too clean, to a point where my scalp felt squeaky clean. So I will definitely be using it again on days where my hair needs a thorough wash.
As for the hair and scalp serum, it felt really nice applying a few drops to my scalp and hair after blow drying it. It is formulated with pea and soybean extracts, and 'stimulating' caffeine to promote density - similarly to The Ordinary's Multi-Peptide Hair Density Serum (£13.50).
All you have to do is leave it in overnight, and it claims to help fortify hair 'straight from the root'. Now I don't know if it was the serum or the scalp scrub, but when I woke up this morning after using both products, my hair still felt so clean, soft and with ever so slightly more volume at the roots - whether that's a coincidence, I don't think so.
Overall, I loved trying out Aldi's beauty products and can completely understand why Lacura gets so many rave reviews. Not only is it seriously affordable, but could quite easily rival bigger brand names that cost a lot more.
When the range hits stores March 17, I'm sure I'll still be using the lip gloss, scalp scrub, hair serum and body crème. Altogether, these products would cost me about £16, which is still pretty cheap for four items.
Aldi isn't the only retailer offering own-brand beauty and skincare products. At Boots you can check out a vast variety of No7 products, from skincare to makeup.
You can get the No7 Beautiful Skin Gorgeous Glow Body Scrub for £12 or the No7 High Shine Lipgloss for £7.50.
The No7 lipgloss has been given a star rating of four out of five. In the reviews, Leena said: "Love this lipgloss … lovely neutral colour with high shine." Sharon added: "I just love this lip gloss. If gives a great shine and transforms whatever lip colour I’m wearing."
However, Laura put: "Too sticky, hair gets caught and need to reapply about 2000000 times."
At Superdrug, you can check out its Studio London Power Pout Colour Gloss for £6 and its Vitamin E All Over Body Cream for £5.99. The body cream has a customer score of 4.7 out of five.
One shopper said: "This is brilliant on my sensitive skin. Have used for years, and would never buy anything else. More than highly recommended - and a good price too."
Another put: "I have started using this body cream, and love it. So, bought the large size this time." However a third wrote: "Its very greasy and does no good to dry skin."
Receive top stories on everything going on in Merseyside including events, shopping and food and drink through our newsletter by signing up here
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.