By MILLY VEITCH FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  18:14, 4 February 2024   |  Updated:  18:49, 4 February 2024   
 11
View  comments
The Masked Singer fans have declared they are convinced they have worked out Eiffel Tower's real identity after Saturday night's show.
Viewers have previously thrown names like Duffy, Miley Cyrus, Lulu and Kim Cattrall into the ring for the person behind the costume.
But after the latest episode, where Eiffel Tower belted out an incredible rendition of Rihanna's Stay, fans have decided that it is Kym Mazelle.
The American R&B legend, 63, shot to fame in British music group Soul II Soul before going solo and creating hits like No More Tears (Enough Is Enough), Gimme All Your Lovin and Young Hearts Run Free.
Viewers took to social media to insist Kym was Eiffel, with one person writing: 'Watching on +1 so may have dippy egg on my face but Eiffel Tower is @KymMazelle surely…'
The Masked Singer fans have declared they are convinced they have worked out Eiffel Tower's real identity after Saturday night's show
After the latest episode, where Eiffel Tower belted out an incredible rendition of Rihanna 's Stay, fans have decided that it is Kym Mazelle (pictured in 2021)
The American R&B legend, 63, shot to fame in British music group Soul II Soul before going solo and creating hits like No More Tears (Enough Is Enough), Gimme All Your Lovin and Young Hearts Run Free (pictured in May)
Another echoed: 'Eiffel Tower is Kym Mazelle', while a third echoed: 'I’m pretty sure that is Kym Mazelle'.
If it is Kym behind the mask however, there could be an awkward reveal as the singer was previously embroiled in a race row with judge Rita Ora in 2020.
She accused Rita, 33, of appropriating black culture to 'monestise her fame' after the artist found herself at the centre of a 'blackfishing' row - a term used to described the act of altering your appearance to appear black.
Kym pointed out cultural appropriation in some instances is 'borderline racist' and said she is 'not allowed to fit in her own space' as a black artist. 
Speaking on Good Morning Britain about the issue, Kym said she has a problem with the fact Rita is 'marketed' as a black artist.
She said: 'I think that there is a very big problem with it because a lot of this appropriation goes from monetising and people use this look and our culture to monetise their fame and to fund their lifestyle whereas we ourselves cannot even monetise our own looks, so I have a problem with that.
'She knows she's Albanian, the rest of the world and most people do not because she's marketed as a black artist, as if she is biracial or of some black origin. 
'She's agreed with it, she's made lots of money with it, she's been very successful in her career with it, and that's the way they market her, that's how she keeps her job.'
Viewers took to social media to insist Kym was Eiffel, with one person writing: 'Watching on +1 so may have dippy egg on my face but Eiffel Tower is @KymMazelle surely…'
Meanwhile, other fans have suggested that Eiffel Tower could be another 80s popstar - Tiffany.
One person tweeted: 'I repeat, Eiffel Tower is Tiffany! She used to bunk off school to perform in shopping arcades (both were clues). She also sung Angels in a Christmas film in 2020.'
While others claimed it was Hannah Waddingham in the costume, with one viewer insisting: 'Eiffel Tower…I’d put money on that being Hannah Waddingham!'
Several threw out Abbey Clancy as a guess, citing clues linking to Liverpool and modelling and suggesting that the reference to Mr Big was about her husband Peter Crouch.
A lot of people also think that it could be US singer Macy Gray, with one writing: 'Eiffel Tower. I dunno it sounds like Macy Gray to me but all my guesses have been wrong so far so what do i know?'
Another agreed, saying: 'My wife has just smashed it…….. she has just said is Eiffel Tower……………. Macy Gray, she could be right….' 
While a third said: 'I’m so bad at the clues but Eiffel Tower sounds very much like Macy Grey'.  
If it is Kym behind the mask however, there could be an awkward reveal as the singer was previously embroiled in a race row with judge Rita Ora in 2020 (Rita pictured on Saturday)
She accused Rita, 33, of appropriating black culture to 'monestise her fame' after the artist found herself at the centre of a 'blackfishing' row (Rita pictured in 2015)
Speaking on Good Morning Britain about the issue, Kym said she has a problem with the fact Rita is 'marketed' as a black artist
It comes after viewers were on the edge of their seats on Saturday, as the identity of two celebrities were revealed during the double eviction.
Firstly Dippy Egg was unveiled as Nicky Campbell leaving judge and his Long Lost Family co-host Davina McCall stunned.
Next Maypole was unmasked, after landing in the bottom two with Eiffel Tower, and turned out to be none other than Pussycat Doll Melody Thornton.
Judges Davina, Rita, Mo Gilligan and Jonathan Ross were joined on the panel by Sir Lenny Henry, however nobody managed to guess correctly.
Meanwhile, other fans have suggested that Eiffel Tower could be Tiffany, Hannah Waddingham, Abbey Clancy or Macy Gray
It comes after viewers were on the edge of their seats on Saturday, as the identity of two celebrities were revealed, first with Dippy Egg unveiled as Nicky Campbell 
Next Maypole was unmasked, after landing in the bottom two with Eiffel Tower, and turned out to be none other than Pussycat Doll Melody Thornton 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group