Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
While A$AP Rocky is a name that resonates with fans for his chart-topping hits and fashion statements, not everyone is aware of the origins of this iconic name. Rakim Athelaston Mayers, known professionally as A$AP Rocky, was named after hip-hop legend Rakim, and he started dabbling in rap under the guidance of his brother by the age of nine.
Tragically losing his brother at just 13, the incident steeled Rocky's resolve to pursue rap with vigour.
In 2007, his career took a significant step forward when he joined the A$AP Mob collective, brimming with rappers, producers, and artists, each incorporating 'A$AP' into their stage persona. This move made many ponder the backstory of the moniker 'Rocky' and the meaning behind 'A$AP'.
According to a statement to American Songwriter, the rapper explained the roots of his stage name: "The name was conjured up when the rapper was back home in New York City. His entire crew had A$AP preceding their name. The collective of rappers, directors, fashion designers, and other artists was dubbed the A$AP Mob. The acronym stands for 'Always Strive and Prosper.' Rocky was a nickname his mother gave him when he was younger. Put the two together and you have an unforgettable rap alter ego."
The leak of his track 'Peso' online in 2011 catalysed A$AP Rocky's contract with Polo Grounds Music and the release of his debut mixtape, Live. Love. A$AP, cementing his status in the music industry.
The statement went on to detail the rapper's success: "The mixtape was met with critical acclaim so much so that he landed a $3 million record deal with Polo Ground Music. His debut studio album, Long. Live. A$AP, was released in 2013 and debuted at No.1 on the Billboard 200 chart. The album has since been certified gold by the RIAA."
It added: "The next few years would be a whirlwind of releases, features, tours and more as Rocky rose in the rap ranks thanks to his stellar debut. His most recent album, Testing, was shared in 2018, debuting at No. 4 on the Billboard 200 chart."
Furthermore, A$AP Rocky's personal life made headlines when, in a 2021 interview with GQ, he confirmed his relationship with megastar Rihanna. The couple is proud parents to two charming kids named RZA Athelston Mayers and Riot Rose Mayers.
Fans online have also been having realisations about the artist's moniker, with one Reddit user admitting:&nbsp;"It took me way too long to realise ASAP stands for Always Strive And Prosper," followed by another who commented, "Just now realised this too."