By ALANAH KHOSLA FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  09:36, 14 July 2024   |  Updated:  18:22, 14 July 2024   
 124
View  comments
Anant Ambani and Radhika Ambani officially tied the knot on Friday, but in line with Indian traditions, the wedding celebrations are still in full swing.
VIP guests arrived in all their finery to take part in a Blessing's Ceremony in Mumbai yesterday evening - a traditional event designed to send well wishes to the couple and their future together.
With a quarter-billion-pound budget, a guestlist to rival the Met Gala and a host of former world leaders dancing the night away, the Ambani wedding ceremony was arguably the biggest in the world.
Guests were no less impressive at yesterday's event, with Paris Hilton's sister Nicky and her banker husband James Rothschild donning Bollywood attire to celebrate the newlyweds, as well as Indian cricket legend Sachin Tendulkar and his wife, Anjali.
The cream of Bollywood was also in attendance, including esteemed actresses Alia Bhatt, Aishwarya Rai Bachchan, and Ananya Pandey.
Paris Hilton's sister Nicky and her banker husband James Rothschild arrived in full Bollywood attire for the Blessings Ceremony for newlyweds Anant Ambani and Radhika Ambani in Mumbai yesterday evening 
After seven long months of extravagant pre-wedding celebrations and festivities, including performance by Rihanna and Justin Bieber, as well as pre-wedding cruise, Anant Ambani, the son of India's richest man, has finally wed pharmaceutical heiress Radhika Merchant in a grand star-studded ceremony.
Among the guests were former UK Prime Ministers Boris Johnson and Tony Blair,  FIFA president Gianni Infantino, as well as Priyanka Chopra, Nick Jonas, John Cena and dozens of Bollywood stars.
Kim  Kardashian stole the show in traditional lehnga skirt adorned with intricate beaded detailing, while Khloe stunned in a dramatic pink ensemble.
A lucky few witnessed the celebrations - estimated to have cost approximately £250million - from inside the Jio World Convention Centre in Mumbai.
One of them being gemstone wholesaler and influencer, Julia Hackman Chafe from New York, who snagged an invite to the grand star-studded ceremony as the plus one of Indian internet personality, Orry.
The influencer flew to India 's largest city to see the son of the country's richest man wed his pharmaceutical heiress bride.
Meanwhile,  glamourous Carrie Johnson changed into a second traditional Indian wedding outfit as she her husband Boris and their three children headed to the festivities.
The former PR chief stunned in a silver lehenga as she held hands with children Romy and Wilf before before changing into a lace all-white number. 
Indian cricket legend Sachin Tendulkar took to the Blessings Ceremony with his philanthropist wife Anjali Tendulkar
Aishwarya Rai Bachchan cut an elegant figure in a black patterned sari alongside her daughter Aardhya
Esteemed Bollywood actress Alia Bhatt, 31, looked sophisticated in a ivory outfit 
Janhvi Kapoor took to the Blessing's Ceremony for the newlyweds Anant Ambani and Radhika Ambani yesterday evening 
Meanwhile, Boris looked smart in a simple suit with a green tie before switching to a more traditional shalwar kameez for the festivities.
Alongside A-list celebrities , and political and business leaders Boris and Carrie brought their three children Wilf, four, Romy, two, and Frank, one, who all opted for traditional Indian dress.
Boris, wore a smart suit and green tie as he sweetly carried his youngest son into the venue. Later, he danced the night away with Wilf on his shoulders while greeting other wedding guests.
Waving his arms in the air, Boris showed off his best dad dancing moves while partying with other guests. But for the second day, he went for more traditional attire. 
Carrie meanwhile stunned in a silver lehenga  as she held hands with Romy and Wilf.
The 36-year-old wife of the former Prime Minister shared a behind the scenes looks of the nuptials, which included a huge flower sculpture of a tiger inside the lavish venue.
Dressed by Bollywood stylist Leepakshi Ellawadi, Carrie added a cape to the silver dress, which included ornate detail and embroidery.
The former Tory PR chief showed off her toned stomach and arms in the snap while adding layers of jewelry to the look. 
Carrie styled her hair in gentle curls while tying half of it back in a traditional wedding look.
Meanwhile, taking to TikTok and Instagram, influencer Julia  has given the internet a glimpse into the wedding celebrations, ceremony, and dinner room, with her claiming it was 'the most beautiful ceremony... ever'.
Aishwarya Rai Bachchan, 50, posed for the cameras at the lavish Blessing's Ceremony 
Indian actor Amitabh Bachchan, 81, and his granddaughter, Navya Naveli Nanda, looked chic at the event 
Indian actress Ananya Pandey styled her sleek tresses in a plait for the occasion
Actress Sara Ali Khan, who works in Hindi films, looked chic in an extravagant sari 
Sanjay Dutt (pictured left) and Ranbir Kapoor (pictured right) were cheerful as they posed for a photo together
The influencer took to the event dressed in a lengha from designer Manish Malhotra and dripping in Lorraine Schwartz jewels - the jewellery designer behind Meghan Markle's $62,000 pinky ring made with 'diamonds gifted from the Middle East' .
Bright flags and lights lined the entranceway for Julia and the other VIP guests as they stepped in the venue.
A table filled with luxury sweets, including macaroons, and flowers waited for guests as they first arrived, with the table itself being so lavish, Julia questioned: 'Am I Alice in Wonderland?'
It wasn't long before she bumped into stars including, John Cena, actress Priyanka Chopra and her singer husband Nick Jonas, Bollywood producer and actor Salman Khan, and former UK PM Boris Johnson, who was 'just chilling', according to Julia.
The influencer captured the baraat – Anant's arrival at the venue on a white horse, as per Indian wedding tradition. 'Seeing Anat in person for the first [is] surreal', she said'.
The groom danced with guests after his arrival as multi-coloured confetti fell from the ceiling in a moment Julia described as 'pure magic'.
Guests then took to their seats for the traditional Hindu wedding ceremony. Julia said: 'Then we sat for the wedding ceremony - the most beautiful ceremony I've ever had the pleasure to watch'.
The bride made her grand entrance on an electric wooden boat that moved on a track, before Anant and Radhika exchanged vows under a large altar with white domes. 'Pure beauty,' Julia explained.
Esteemed Bollywood actor Salman Khan, 58, ditched traditional Indian attire for a navy suit at the Blessing's Ceremony 
Sri Lankan actress and model, Jacqueline Fernandez, 38, looked cheerful at the event 
Actress, TV host, and singer, Lulia Vantur, from Romania, opted for a lavish gold sari 
Indian international cricket player Rishabh Pant, 26, looked cheerful at the ceremony
The groom's mother, Nita Ambani, 60, finished the ceremony with a poem reading about the value of daughters.
Julia explained: 'Afterwards, Nita gave a speech about the value of daughters that really sang to my soul. She is the true definition of elegance…and intelligence.'
The influencer concluded: 'The love in the room was palpable. Such a beautiful ceremony.'
After the ceremony, guests explored the lavish set up, which included a lassi shop (an Indian beverage) and an antique shop, 'we're in a magical world', Julia said.
It wasn't long before guests took to the dancefloor to celebrate the newlyweds with dancing and live performances.
Ibrahim Ali Khan and Sara Ali khan posed together at the event celebrating the newlyweds 
32-year-old Disha Patani opted for an embellished blue lengha for the celebrations 
Ranbir Kapoor, who is one of the highest paid actors in Bollywood, appeared in high spirits at the Blessing's Ceremony
33-year-old Bollywood actress Rashi Khanna opted for a simple orange sari for the ceremony 
Indian actress Janhvi Kapoor, 27, looked elegant in an off-white ensemble 
The glamorous, long-awaited event is reported to have cost around a staggering £250million - without taking into account the couple's estimated £100million accumulation of luxury wedding gifts and the hosting of several of the world's most iconic A-list celebrities.
Images from the wedding scenes show the bride draped in a heavy cream and red Indian bridal dress - called a lengha, adorned in jewels and a beaded headscarf as she holds hands with her new husband, Anant.
The happy groom was pictured beaming down at his new wife while donning a red beaded jacket - called a nehru - as the pair tied the knot in a traditional Hindu ceremony at the Ambani-owned, 16,000-capacity Jio World Convention Center.
Police reportedly closed off roads surrounding the venue ahead of the massive star-studded wedding celebration that took place on Friday afternoon.
Indian former tennis player Sania Mirza, 37, took to the event in a lavish red ensemble 
Mother and daughter duo Aardhya and Aishwarya Rai Bachchan smiled for the cameras at the event
(From L to R) : Saksham Kishan, Ravi Kishan, Priti Kishan Shukla and Riva Kishan at the Blessing's Ceremony 
Amruta Fadnavis and Divija Fadnavis donned bright colours at the wedding celebrations 
Along with the extravagant jacket, Anant wore crisp white trousers and a pair of trainers featuring an extravagant gold logo.  
Earlier in the day, he posed alongside his proud parents; the managing director of Reliance Industries Mukesh Ambani and his wife Nita Ambani, chairperson of the Reliance Foundation.
The Ambani family and a list of Bollywood stars were among the first guests photographed on the grand nuptial's lavish pink carpet.
A-list guests who jetted out to Mumbai to attend what could be India's biggest wedding this year included Kim and Khloe Kardashian, John Cena, and former British prime minister Tony Blair. 
Justin Bieber performed at a pre-wedding party for guests known as a 'Sangeet' and was paid a reported £7 million while according to sources, Adele, Drake or Lana Del Rey will provide the entertainment at a reception on Sunday evening.
Mr Ambani, 67, who is listed by Forbes as the world's ninth richest man and worth £100 billion has already gifted the couple a £62 million luxurious villa on Palm Jumeriah in Dubai which spans 3,000 square feet, has ten bedrooms, and comes with its own private beach. 
 Ram charan and Upasana Kamineni are photographed at yesterday evening's ceremony
2012 London Olympic Medalist boxer Mary Kom and her husband K Onler Kom matched their outfits at the event 
(Pictured from left to right) Rahul, Athiya Shetty and Ahan Shetty attended the star-studded event 
Aishwarya Rai Bachchan was camera ready in a black and orange patterned sari at the lavish celebration
Actress Rashi Khanna was elegant in a simple yet chic orange sari at the wedding celebrations 
The couple were also given a £500,000 Bentley Continental GTC Speed and a dazzling array of custom-made jewellery and clothes worth millions of pounds.
Mr Ambani's glamorous wife Nita, 60, gifted her daughter-in-law a stunning pearl and diamond choker, worth an estimated £10 million which is just one of dozens of bespoke multi-million-pound pieces made for her. Anant was given a £2 million Cartier brooch.
Specialist weavers in India have spent the past few months making a series of rare silk sarees using gold and silver thread valued at more than £100,000 each.
Former Prime Minister Tony Blair and his wife Cherie were also in attendance, alongside Kim and Khloe Kardashian, wrestler Jon Cena and Nick and Priyanka Chopra-Jonas.    
The glamorous, long-awaited event is reported to have cost around a staggering £250million - without taking into account the couple's estimated £100million accumulation of luxury wedding gifts and the hosting of several of the world's most followed A-list celebrities.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group