Last night, all eyes were on Simone Biles and the US women's gymnastics team as they competed for and (unsurprisingly) took home gold in the women's artistic team all-around final. The competition delivered some of the most endearing and badass moments of the Games thus far. Jordan Chiles winked at the camera during her electrifying floor routine; Suni Lee made the balance beam look like her own personal jungle gym; and Brazil's Flavia Saraiva — in true champion fashion — powered through her set with a bandaged right eye after sustaining an injury during warmups.

The event had it all: gravity-defying gymnastics! Drama! And even one unexpected nod to the beauty girlies — courtesy of the GOAT, no less. ICYMI: Biles was photographed touching up her makeup before competing in floor exercises, using (what we suspect to be) the NYX Creamy Lip Liner ($5) in the Espresso shade, and the Fenty Beauty Invisimatte Instant Setting and Blotting Powder ($37). 

While casual viewers might have a hard time identifying these products, our beauty editors are experts who spend plenty (read: inordinate amounts) of time researching and trying these exact items. You might recognize that blotting powder from Rihanna's 2023 Super Bowl halftime performance, when the singer expertly used it to touch up her makeup in the middle of the show. 
This isn't the first time Biles has given fans a glimpse of what goes into her Olympics glam. Before the 2024 Paris Games, she chronicled her beauty prep via TikTok, where the superstar gymnast shared tidbits of her hair, nail, and lash appointments.  
We might not be able to do a round-off back handspring quite like Biles (not that anyone can), but we can at least say that we share the same taste in lip liners. World-class athletes, they're just like us! 
Kyley Warren is an award-winning writer, editor, and affiliate strategist with more than four years of experience in the publishing space. She currently works as an assistant editor on PS Shopping and is an expert on all things related to shopping and fashion. She previously worked with Entertainment Tonight as a style commerce writer, and her byline has appeared in publications globally.