Joe Jonas has seemingly confirmed his blossoming romance with Stormi Bree following his messy split from Sophie Turner.
The Jonas Brothers star, 34, and Game of Thrones actress, 27, announced in September last year that they were separating, issuing a statement to millions of shocked fans.
All kinds of accusations have been thrown around since with their divorce being anything but private, from custody battles to rumoured new relationships.
And it now seems Joe has decided to move on properly, having been spotted with former beauty queen Stormi, 33, in Aspen, kicking off 2024 in style.
The Waffle House hitmaker and American beauty pageant title holder were photographed on a skiing trip in celebrity New Year’s hotspot Aspen, where the likes of Mariah Carey, Rihanna and A$AP Rocky, and Goldie Hawn have also been seen in recent weeks.
Putting his divorce woes behind him, Joe showed off his skills on the slopes with his new date.
Dressed in beige corduroy skiwear with a black turtle neck for warmth, Joe looked at ease in his snowy surroundings.
He was pictured carrying all his gear before jumping on the ski lift with Stormi, who donned a black puffer coat and white trousers.
The actress wore a beaming smile on her face as she and Joe chatted, clearly at ease in one another’s company.
Stormi is best known for now working as a model, having once been a Miss Teen USA.
The red-haired beauty is also a mother, hitting headlines in 2017 when she welcomed a daughter named Gravity Blue with then-19-year-old Mormon model Lucky Blue Smith.
Their relationship raised eyebrows, given that Stormi was 26 when they started dating, while Lucky Blue was 18.
Meanwhile, Joe is currently still in the process of divorcing British actress Sophie, to whom he was married for four years and shares two children with.
Custody of their little ones has been a major point of contention in legal proceedings thus far, with the latest agreement deciding that each parent would get two weeks at a time with their daughters, while also being able to travel freely with them within the US and UK.
Joe and Sophie – who share three-year-old Willa and one-year-old Delphine – have each been fighting for their kids to be in their respective home countries with them, with Sophie spending Christmas with them.
Following a rather messy start to their divorce, according to the court filings connected to their interim custody deal, Joe and Sophie now expect the proceedings to move forward ‘amicably.’
Joe is reportedly scheduled to collect the children from Sophie in New York on Sunday (January 7) when he returns from his Aspen getaway, as per TMZ. 
Meanwhile, Sophie has also been spotted looking cosy on dates, having been said to be dating Perry Pearson.
They were spotted kissing late last year at the Rugby World Cup in Paris.
While neither party has confirmed or denied publicly that they are together, in December Sophie was said to be relishing the ‘happy honeymoon phase’ the aristocrat.
It’s said Peregrine, 29, has also been helping Sophie to ‘find herself again’ and ‘heal’ from ‘hurt’.
Got a story?
If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.
Arrow
MORE: Katherine Ryan makes controversial parenting admission but has proof her method works
Arrow
MORE: Dominic West exorcised his ‘poltergeist’ from London house by throwing a kids party