By HANNAH BETTS FOR THE DAILY MAIL 
 Published:  20:40, 19 May 2024   |  Updated:  20:42, 19 May 2024   
 1
View  comments
A friend, who recently started seeing a fresh romantic prospect, will be spending the bank holiday enjoying a red-hot weekend away. And what a perfect spring ritual this sort of steamy jaunt is.
A decade into my own relationship, how I remember the thrill of some new erotic excitement to dress — and get undressed — for. 
The nights of passion, followed by mornings of wanting to look like the world’s most ravishing natural beauty. 
Cue a quick sprint to the bathroom to brush my teeth, conceal unslept under-eyes and pinch my cheeks.
Many friends newly solo in mid-life are embarking on these sorts of adventures. Read on for the subtle sleights of hand that will render you a morning-after sex goddess.
With any luck your make-up will be worn away by amorous activity, so all you’ll need is a speedy cleanse and freshen in the morning. For a quick confidence fix, Trinny London Miracle Blur (£26, trinnylondon.com) is a godsend for instantly erasing crevices, be they wrinkles, pores or acne scars.
Housed in a little pot, this creamy, colourless wonder blends seamlessly into the complexion.
Legions of sleepovers have benefited from a whisk round with Maybelline’s Instant Anti-Age Eraser Concealer (£9.99, boots.com) first thing. The applicator sponge splodges on pigment to conceal dark circles and anything else you’re keen to minimise.
I love Rihanna’s Fenty Beauty Pro Filt’r Instant Retouch Concealer (£23, boots.com), for a natural-looking, but creamily luminous, under-eye zhuzh. Its 50 (50!) hues won’t crease, or look like make-up. While Jones Road The Face Pencil (£24, libertylondon.com) comes in 21 shades for tiny corrective dabs, via a crayon that can be hidden in your palm.
You may feel exhausted, but you don’t want to look it, so do as VB does and deploy Victoria Beckham Instant Brightening Waterline Pencil (£26, selfridges.com) along the lower inner lid to fake hours of saintly sleep.
Beauty Pie The Perfect Waterproof Mascara (members £12; non-members £28, beautypie.com) is now available in a limited-edition Superglossy Brown, which will look more natural on those with blonde, brown and grey hair. Its volume, length and curl look lavish, but convincingly yours.
And fill in any eyebrow gaps with the shinily hair-like Ilia In-full Micro Tip Brow Pencil (£24, iliabeauty.com).
NYX Professional Make-up Smooth Whip Matte Lip Cream (£7.49, super drug.com) sets into an incredibly sexy stain, if you take the tiniest amount and daub on to your pout, or you can brush speedily onto your cheeks.
My shade is Berry Bed Sheets — fittingly enough, the perfect 18th-century courtesan purplish-pink. Yours may be the brownish-red Chocolate Mousse.
Pack Clean & Clear Advantage Rapid Gel (£5.05, boots.com) to swiftly deal with any erupting hormonal spots and blemishes; Eucerin AtoControl Acute Care Cream (now £12, sephora.co.uk) to counter stubble rash, and Batiste 24H Active Sweat Activated Dry Shampoo (£3.59, boots.com) for the perfect bed head — because you’re going to be far too preoccupied to find time to wash your hair.
Then, you’ll simply need some ravishing body cream — use the gorgeously soft Cicabio Crème+ Ultra-repairing Soothing Cream (see panel right).
And don’t forget phials of your favourite scent. Liberty boasts miniscule flacons of Escentric Molecule concoctions (from £25 for three, in iris, patchouli and mandarin, libertylondon.com) to render their wearer irresistible.
Or, I used to conceal 10ml spritzes of Ormonde Jayne’s tobacco leaf, leather and sandalwood Montabaco (£60, ormonde jayne.com) about the bedroom, festooning my love interest’s pillow, shirts and luggage, so I proved unforgettable. Manipulative? But, of course!
Eight million women are affected by hair loss, with more than 50 per cent reporting it during the menopause. UKLASH has updated its much-loved Hair Growth Serum (£29, uklash.com) — its pea-sprout extract, plus a new dropper applicator, should lead to a 95 per cent reduction in shedding.
There are few things more cheering than a bar of beautiful, Florentine soap. When I’m broke, I head to TK Maxx for £2.99 blocks scented with iris, lemon, tobacco and pine.
However, when I have the funds, Nesti Dante Dei Colli Fiorentini soap in Cipresso (£11.45, amazon.co.uk) is the ultimate small luxury to make life worth living.
This triple-milled, vegetal wonder lasts an age, filling the bathroom — and my entire flat — with its sublime, cypress aroma, taking you on a fragrant journey through the wild Florentine hills.
Hotel soap can prove harsh and depressing, so I slice sections off mine to carry in my travel bag, perfuming my suitcase and clothes, while proving a civilised reminder of home.
It’s bliss — and worth every last penny.
Nicole Kidman - who turns 57 next month - loves CBD-infused skincare and she looked amazing at the Met Gala 
The star, who turns 57 next month, looked bewitching at the Met Gala. 
Make-up artist Gucci Westman wielded her Westman Atelier Vital Skin Complexion Drops (£62), Vital Skin Foundation Stick (£62) and Vital Pressed Skincare Powder (£69, libertylondon.com). 
Nicole loves CBD-infused skincare and is an ambassador for Sera Labs (seralabshealth.com).
Hello Sunday The One For Your Hands SPF 30 Hand Cream (£9, boots.com)
Shielding from UVA + UVB rays plus moisturising hyaluronic acid in a 30ml tube. Great for handbags.
Cicabio Crème+ Ultra-repairing Soothing Cream SPF 50 (£12, sephora.co.uk)
Ultra repair sunscreen, replenishing irritated and scarred skin.
Neutrogena Norwegian Formula Hand Cream SPF 20 (£9.74, amazon.co.uk)
This is perfect for soothing and protection, even if you’re not going outdoors.
Soltan Protect & Moisturise SPF 50+ Sun Cream Spray (£4, boots.com)
non-sticky for hands, neck, décolleté and exposed limbs, in a mini size.
Ultra Violette Body & Hand Skinscreen SPF 50 (£12, spacenk.com)
Shimmering and summery-scented, water- and sweat- resistant for up to four hours.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group