Today fashion retailer Monsoon announces its Monsoon Vintage x OOTO collaboration, bringing a curation of design pieces from the 1990s to customers at its Portobello Road boutique.
Monsoon Vintage, at 237 Portobello Road, London, opened in April 2023, to mark Monsoon’s 50th anniversary. The space, designed in collaboration with ‘Queen of Thrift’ Bay Garnett (ex- Cheap Date, Vogue contributing editor), sells rare vintage treasures from Monsoon and other designers from the era, as well as one-off Monsoon samples.
During the cultural phenomenon of Emerald Fennel’s Saltburn, Monsoon reached out to OOTO, purveyors of vintage archival fashion, to ask them to curate a collection of 90s designer pieces. OOTO specialise in 90s pieces, and dressed some of the birthday party characters in Saltburn. They have provided costumes for Lady Gaga in House of Gucci, and dressed celebrities such as Kim Kardashian, Rihanna, Emerald Fennel and Phoebe Waller-Bridge for the red carpet.
The collaboration brings their singular expertise in the era from their showroom in Hackney to the centre of Notting Hill, where Monsoon Vintage will be selling a rotation of OOTO finds, from labels such as Prada and Chanel, among other vintage and one-off finds.
Naomi Robertson, buying and merchandising director at Monsoon, says: “OOTO does unparalleled archiving of vintage designer pieces as well as meticulous research into historical luxury fashion. As the go-to people for moodboard inspiration and costume dressing, we think our Monsoon Vintage customers will enjoy the pieces they have curated for us, and we’re honoured to be their retail partner in the heart of Notting Hill.”
Alice Smith, OOTO co-founder, says: “We are delighted to collaborate with one of the most revered, British high street brands Monsoon, to present OOTO London’s first high street diffusion edit.”
The collection will be available to buy from Monsoon Vintage, 237 Portobello Road, London, from Thursday, 21 March.
Lakeside Shopping Centre, the internationally renowned shopping, dining and leisure space owned by SGS Group,...
Klarna, the AI-powered payments and commerce network, crossed 11 million active customers and has doubled...
Côte Brasserie is bringing the timeless charm of French hospitality into the home like never...
Wickes is proud to announce it has reached its £2 million fundraising target for The...
The Lexicon, owned in a joint venture between Schroders Capital and Legal & General Capital,...
Whether you’re passionate about games of chance or you’ve never stepped into the captivating casino...