All products featured on Vogue are independently selected by our editors. However, we may receive compensation from retailers and/or from purchases of products through these links.
Every summer, without fail, a new celebrity-approved sunglasses style emerges. Who knew that protecting your eyes from the sun could be such a trendy quest? Last summer was all about kitschy gas-station sunglasses, as sported by stars like Kim Kardashian and Dua Lipa. And back in 2017, A-listers such as Bella Hadid, Rihanna, and Kendall Jenner were all wearing micro shades—styles so itty-bitty they barely covered the pupils. The summer of 2024, however, is all about balance: Celebrities are rocking small (but not tiny) sunglasses reminiscent of looks in the 1990s and 2000s.
There is an art to wearing this latest crop of subtly chic shades. The freshest styles are discreet, neutral toned, and just big enough to cover your eyes. (Giant shield shades, these are not.) The demure (and very mindful) silhouette—a callback to the turn of the millennium, when minimalism was all the rage—lends a sense of sophistication to any look without actually drawing the eye away from the outfit. Back at the fall 2024 Miu Miu show, Sydney Sweeney wore a refined oval-shaped pair from the brand that lent a retro-cool feel to her blazer and briefs.
Other stars who have embraced the small-but-not-too-small accessory? Model Kendall Jenner, who paired a black square-frame pair with her emerald Margaux bag by The Row, and Zoë Kravitz, who chose a rounded pair in a similar size and styled it with a black lace camisole top and a skirt from Saint Laurent. The trend has also made its way to more casual settings: Both Katie Holmes and Kaia Gerber have worn similarly nondescript sunglasses while out running errands in New York City. Given that fashion is currently leaning into an understated elegance—call it a palate cleanser after the roaring Y2K trend of last year—it only makes sense that sunglasses would become more subdued too.
Summer isn’t over just yet, so do yourself a favor and get a pared-back style. They should keep you until at least next summer, when we’re sure some unexpected new eyewear trend will come calling. Perhaps sleazy-chic aviators next?
Below, shop more small (but not itty-bitty) shades that are right on trend.
Celine
triomphe metal oval sunglasses
BERGDORF GOODMAN
Miu Miu
round-frame acetate sunglasses
MIU MIU
Saint Laurent
Cat-eye acetate sunglasses
NET-A-PORTER
Jacques Marie Mage
Besset oval-frame acetate sunglasses
NET-A-PORTER
Kimeze
Oré 57MM Rounded Sunglasses
SAKS FIFTH AVENUE
Gucci
Rectangular frame sunglasses
GUCCI
Oliver Peoples
x Khaite 1969 oval-frame tortoiseshell acetate sunglasses
NET-A-PORTER
Prada
Oval-frame acetate and gold-tone sunglasses
NET-A-PORTER
MODA OPERANDI
Miu Miu
rectangular-frame acetate sunglasses
NET-A-PORTER
REVOLVE
DMY by DMY
Margot Acetate Sunglasses
MODA OPERANDI
More from Vogue
See More Stories
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Vogue may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
CN Fashion & Beauty