Ri Ri's short tapered cut gives life, volume, and instant style- we are here for it!
Source: Neil Mockford / Getty
Natural hair will forever be that girl, and Rihanna’s recent celebrity sighting is proof. Today, the queen of hair transformation made a statement as she strutted her stuff through the streets of New York City with her glorious natural curls on full display.
Setting aside the straighteners, braids, and weaves for a second, Rihanna embraced her natural texture, and we are here for it! Her short tapered cut gives life, volume, and instant style.
RELATED: Rihanna Announces Fenty Hair
Rihanna’s sighting, just days before the highly anticipated launch of her new Fenty Hair line on June 13, has sparked a frenzy of excitement. Cameras caught her leaving a New York hotel, and fans are eagerly speculating if she will also showcase her natural hair during her upcoming launch events.
Only time will tell.
(According to the new Fenty Hair IG page, the collection will be exclusively available IRL in los Angeles on June 11 for a few lucky guests).
Ri Ri paired her head-turning hairstyle with an urban chic street-style ensemble. Of course, it was a moment, too.
Despite warm summer temperatures, she wore a stylish black and brown natural fur coat over a light gray tank top with a deep ruched neckline. Under her tank, a black bra—which we presume is from Savage Fenty—was visible. The “Umbrella” singer wore oversized track-style pants to complete her fit.
She accessorized her look with large hoop earrings, a necklace, and dark sunglasses. On her arm was a gorgeous vintage black-and-white Louis Vuitton Alma bag with bold graffiti lettering. 
See photos and video of Rihanna captured by celebrity photographer Blayzenphotos below.
Since the sighting, photos of the Savage Fenty mogul have taken the internet by storm, with fans applauding her natural slay. Rihanna, a constant source of hair inspiration, has once again captivated us with her style choices.
With her newest brand launching soon, we are sure Rihanna’s recent choice of hairstyle is not by accident. As she embraces her natural beauty, she urges others to embrace theirs. According to her brand’s IG, the formulas are for all hair types.
“This line was tested on everyone,” Rihanna said in a promo reel. “There’s no limit to what your hair can do when it’s healthy and thriving.”
RELATED
Rihanna Credits Her ‘Golden Hour Glow’ In Part To Being A Boy Mom
Rihanna Announces Fenty Hair


Rihanna Rocks Her Natural Curls In The Streets Of New York And We Are Here For It 
						was originally published on
						hellobeautiful.com



Related Tags


					We care about your data. See our privacy policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.