It’s Chappell Roan’s kink and Taylor Swift’s boyfriend—yes, we’re talking about karma, and it’s about to be served this September 17. As the full Pisces moon lunar eclipse casts its reddish glow on the world, we get a reminder that you reap what you sow.
That’s not necessarily a bad thing. If you’ve been putting good into the world, this eclipse can bring very clear messages that you are pure magic. Revel in it, and own your impact. You’ve surely worked hard for the rewards. 
One thing to know about eclipses: They arrive in pairs, spaced two weeks apart. One will be a solar (new moon) eclipse, and the other will be a lunar (full moon) eclipse. Either one can come first. The two weeks between the eclipses are called the “eclipse corridor” or “eclipse season.”
The fall 2024 eclipses start with the lunar eclipse on September 17 with the full moon in Pisces and commence with the October 2 solar eclipse with the new moon in Libra.
Eclipses are like cosmic power surges, catalyzing pivotal shifts and turning points. That’s especially true with the September 17 eclipse, which lands in Pisces, the 12th and final sign of the zodiac. Transitions, surrender, and escape are all part of this dreamy sign’s domain.
This marks the first eclipse in Pisces since 2017, and it’s set to shake things up in true Pisces style—affecting our emotional, creative, and spiritual lives. Eclipses often bring rapid change, and with dreamy Pisces in the mix, expect intense feelings and a surge of creative energy.
Here’s where things can get a little wonky in 2024. Pisces is the sign of denial and illusion, which can stall our willingness to confront the things that need to change. We might think we’ve found the perfect solution only to see it shape-shift suddenly. It might take until the October 2 solar eclipse in Libra before we can truly figure out the best path forward. Be patient, and embrace the exploratory process.
Pisces governs music, meditation, and mental health, so there could also be a greater focus on creative expression and holistic well-being. Pisces celebrities like Rihanna, Justin Bieber, Drew Barrymore, and Kesha have all bared their souls to the public and shared their raw emotional journeys. This eclipse gives us all permission to release any shame we have around our painful pasts and to find support.
Eclipse season is prime time for shadow work, and it makes sense metaphorically. During a lunar eclipse, the Earth’s shadow literally paints the moon blood-red in the sky. A solar eclipse has a similar darkening effect. As the moon passes directly over the sun from our vantage point on Earth, it blocks out the light.
The two weeks of eclipse season can feel heavy and eerie—at least until we surrender to doing the inner work these loaded moonbeams want from us. Enigmatic parts of our lives can be unpacked, processed, and reclaimed during these biannual cycles. The hardest part is shifting gears from the external to the internal. Like shining a flashlight on the monster under the bed, we can be freed from the fears running wild in our imagination.
Eclipses can shake up our love lives, acting as cosmic accelerators that bring relationship issues to a head. Emotions run high, and hidden truths might surface. Connections can either deepen or dissolve, depending on how willing people are to share what’s really going on with them.
The Pisces lunar eclipse might inspire a new level of emotional vulnerability, paving the way for intimacy. If you’re hanging on to a toxic situation, the eclipse can trigger a sudden breakup.
Single people might feel an intense pull toward finding a soulmate, as the Pisces lunar eclipse drives up a desire for profoundly meaningful love. The good news is Pisces is one of the zodiac’s most enchantingly romantic signs. For many, this eclipse can light the way to a renewed sense of faith in relationships.
Perhaps the most important thing to do near September 17 is to pay attention to the energy and emotions that you’re putting out into the world. Mystical Pisces is the sign of manifestation. What goes around comes around. (Karma, remember?) Lean into the compassionate, charitable vibes of this zodiac sign, and make some deposits in the old karmic bank account. That wise investment could pay dividends over the next two years as eclipses continue to touch down in this sensitive, soulful water sign. 
This Pluto Retrograde Is Uncharted Territory
Pisces Daily Horoscope
Aquarius Daily Horoscope
Capricorn Daily Horoscope
Sagittarius Daily Horoscope
Scorpio Daily Horoscope
Libra Daily Horoscope
Virgo Daily Horoscope
Leo Daily Horoscope
Cancer Daily Horoscope
Gemini Daily Horoscope
Taurus Daily Horoscope
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.