All products featured on Allure are independently selected by our editors. However, we may receive compensation from retailers and/or from purchases of products through these links.
Maybe it's a generational thing, but I was always taught that if you're doing something bold with your beauty look, you have to focus on one thing. So, like, if you're doing a quirky hairstyle, keep the makeup low-key, or if you're doing a dark lip, leave your hair simple and your eyes practically bare, know what I mean? Well, I'm here to tell you I was misled, and Rihanna's latest look is irrefutable proof.
The multi-hyphenate posted a carousel to Instagram late on Tuesday, November 26, and the focus is clearly supposed to be her red lip. In three gorgeous photos, she shows off the Fenty Beauty Trace'd Out Pencil Lip Liner and Icon Velvet Liquid Lipstick she used to achieve the look, even sharing a mini tutorial video of her application process. And don't get me wrong—I was like add to cart. The lips are stuh-ning. But I am even more mesmerized by Rih's hair.
She's wearing what I can only describe as a messy beehive—a perfectly imperfect pile of hair that looks simultaneously formal and free-spirited. The pitch-black updo is loosely center-parted before exploding into twirled strands, and her long, side-swept bangs brush past her eyelashes.
I don't know about you, but to me, this look seems perfect for a fancier holiday party. It obviously pairs well with a mesh dress, but can't you just picture it with all of your festive attire? I, for one, am bookmarking it for future reference, and yes, I'm willing to break my life-long rule of not wearing a bold lip with bold hair. It's just too good not to!
More beauty news:
Now, watch Madison Beer's quick routine:
Follow Allure on Instagram and TikTok, or subscribe to our newsletter to stay up to date on all things beauty.
More from Allure The BEAUTY EXPERT
Contact
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Allure may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices