Venus puts a spin on a classic jumpsuit at the British Fashion Awards 2024

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

It's that time of year again, the Fashion Awards, hosted by the British Fashion Council in London, and we've been scouting some of the best looks from last night's event, including a sleek black tailored outfit worn by the sensational Venus Williams.
Wearing a sleek black jumpsuit paired with a striking, layered black coat featuring dramatic shoulder pads, Venus proved that tailoring is key in looking confident and sophisticated too. This look is the perfect example of what to wear if you're not wanting to opt for a dress for a Christmas party outfit, instead, choose something structured and striking. Pairing the best jumpsuit with a smart, well-made coat or blazer feels effortlessly chic.
Venus was accompanied by some of our other favourite A-listers at the event, including Alexa Chung and even Rihanna. Her black overcoat was completed with sharp lapels by the brand Thom Browne, which draped over her shoulders layered over the calf-length black jumpsuit. She accessorised with black slingback heels and finished the look with several gold necklaces, adding a luxurious feel to this tailored look.
Our woman&home Digital Fashion Editor Caroline Parr comments on this smart tailored look saying, "I love the proportions of this outfit. Individually the cropped leg of the trousers, the plunge neckline and oversized coat are good, but together they balance each other out to create a very chic silhouette. Later commenting on the fine details of the jacket saying "Note the lining of the coat too - a subtle detail that just really elevates it."
If you're currently on the hunt for the perfect special occasion look, this wide leg jumpsuit should be a top contender. With delicate fluttering sleeves and a chiffon top it strikes the perfect balance between smart and elevated making it ideal for the festive season.
This maxi-coat will become your new go-to this season. Simply layer over your outfit to immediately elevate your style, from pairing with denim jeans and the best wool jumper to wearing for a special occasion, this coat works with everything. 
These black slingback heels are a luxurious staple that every wardrobe deserves. From styling in the winter months with tailored trousers to wearing in the warmer seasons with skirts and dresses. 
Made from a high-quality wool-blend, this jacket is not only super on-trend, it's also made to last. Layer over your special occasion outfits, daytime denim looks or even wear with your office attire. 
If you're on the hunt for festive occasionwear but you aren't wanting to wear a dress, this structured black jumpsuit is a brilliant substitute, and will make you look sophisticated and elegant in no time. 
These heeled shoes have a textured material that's super on-trend, and an elegant pointed toe. Their Adjustable buckle back strap will keep your feet in place for all night long dancing. 
Sign up to our free daily email for the latest royal and entertainment news, interesting opinion, expert advice on styling and beauty trends, and no-nonsense guides to the health and wellness questions you want answered.
Molly is a fashion writer for woman&home, whose journalistic career began with her enthusiasm for fashion. Having always been an avid writer, she has contributed to publications covering a variety of topics.
After graduating from her master's in Fashion History and Cultures, she transitioned to teaching at London College of Fashion, where she taught in fashion studies. Now, passionate about writing on the significance of fashion, she is dedicated to inspiring others through the power of dress.  
Molly loves staying in the know with the latest fashion trends, and following celebrities for inspiration. Outside of work, she enjoys browsing vintage markets, reading a good novel, or trying new restaurants around London.

The actress showed off two bold and practical swimwear sets that will make a statement on the beach


The TV chef always sports a healthy lit-from-within complexion and now we know her secret...


The actress showed off two bold and practical swimwear sets that will make a statement on the beach


Two hero brands have come together to create a truly beautiful range of accessories


A sunnies-loving fashion editor explains the sunglasses trends 2025 that you need to know, and how to tell what styles will suit you best


Mini dresses aren’t for everyone, but Reese Witherspoon’s timeless, sophisticated outfit is something we can all be inspired by.


Need inspiration? Pippa is the ultimate pro when it comes to weddings


Perfect for staying elegant and comfortable all summer long


From weddings to garden parties, this style of dress is effortlessly on-trend


Relaxing by the pool has never looked so good


Woman & Home is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury,
Bath
BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.