They will elevate every outfit

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

We’re big fans of sunglasses over here at Marie Claire. Come rain or shine, we rarely leave the house without a pair of sunnies, not just to protect our eyes from what little sunshine we get here in the UK, but they’re also a simple way to give every day looks a new season feel. This Spring, there are a few key styles to have on your radar, but one that is quickly gaining traction is tinted lens aviators. Singer Rihanna was spotted wearing the must-have Tom Ford aviators at her Fenty x Puma launch in London this week further cementing this style as one of the hottest sunglasses trends for this Spring/Summer 2024.
From celebrities to influencers, aviators have always been a timeless wardrobe favourite choice of eyewear. However, this season, what makes them different is the tortoiseshell frame and the addition of tinted lenses in shades including light blue, green and yellow. Unlike most sunglasses trends, tinted-lens aviators come in an array of sizes and colours to suit all face shapes, so whether you like yours classic with a light green lens (seen at Gucci) or like to go bold with a chunkier frame and blue lens (seen at Tom Ford), there's a style to suit every face shape and budget.
If you're looking to make a statement, Tom Ford's chunky frames with tinted blue lenses are the ultimate cool-girl sunnies.
Zara just launched their latest eyewear wear collection for Spring. Act fast - they're bound to sell out quickly.
Gucci's slimline aviators have timeless appeal. 
Cult sunglasses label Vehla is the ultimate sunglasses destination for new season shapes. 
Victoria Beckham is rarely seen without a pair of oversized aviators so its no surprise her latest release is this good. 
If you're looking to shop the must-have sunglasses shapes then bookmark Poppy Lissiman. These aviators are available in 9 different colours but we think the tonal orange lenses on this pair have flattering appeal. 
Designer vibes on an H&M budget.
Channel seventies cool with these angular frames. 
Port Tanger founders Daniël Sumarna and Bilal Fellah take design inspiration from their own personal collection of vintage frames. The result? The coolest sunglasses name to drop.
A totally vintage frame with the winning tortoiseshell and blue lens combo. 
Made from photochromic lenses that adapt to the light whether you're indoors or outdoors. Functional and stylish, what more could you ask for?
Celebrity news, beauty, fashion advice, and fascinating features, delivered straight to your inbox!
Sofia Piza is the Fashion Writer at Marie Claire UK. With extensive experience and a degree in Fashion Journalism, she covers runway trends, shopping picks, celebrity fashion, and industry news.
Throughout her career, Sofia's work has ranged from in-depth interviews with industry experts and high-profile celebrities to creative production for editorial cover shoots and red-carpet coverage. Born in Mexico and raised in five countries, Sofia's multicultural upbringing has fed into her interest in international markets, leading her fashion week coverage across London, Milan, Paris, New York, and Copenhagen.
When she's not sourcing inspiration from social media, you will find Sofia anywhere from a local vintage market to busy central London streets, people watching to make sure she brings you the latest trends, from the best denim pieces to the must-have investment bags- the possibilities are endless.

It's time to dust off those juicers.


Truly kissable lips


On the power of friendship and rekindling bonds


Marie Claire UK is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury,
Bath
BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.