Metro journalists select and curate the products that feature on our site. If you make a purchase via links on this page we will earn commission – learn more
Boots is the gift that keeps on giving, and not least because of the array of beauty items available to shop, but the abundance of deals they offer throughout the year. 
From its iconic 3 for 2 on select items, the Star Gifts promotion, to the recent 20% off premium products, Boots knows how to lure us in with a good deal.  The fun doesn’t stop there as Boots is set to launch up to 50% off select items today, this Christmas Eve as part of The Big Boots Sale. 
The Big Boots Sale will see 1/3 off premium beauty and fragrance gift sets, which is perfect timing for those who have left their Christmas shopping to the last minute.  Plus, Boots has slashed its seasonal gift sets, as well as select baby clothing by 50% too. 
The almighty sale will span across big name brands stocked at Boots, including Fenty, OUAI, Sculpted By Aimee, No7, YSL, and many more renowned brands. 
The Big Boots sale will start online on December 24, before it hits stores IRL on Boxing Day. Though when it will end remains a mystery. So, if you see a bargain buy you simply can’t miss, you will want to shop quickly to not miss out. 
Whether you are buying for a relative, partner or friend, this is the prime time to shop those last minute Christmas gifts. But let’s not forget you need a little TLC and the half price sale is prime time to treat yourself after a long 2024. 
With hundreds of products reduced, sifting through all the offers can be overwhelming, so we have whittled down some of our favourite bargains on offer in The Big Boots sale. 
Fenty Beauty is the beauty brainchild of songstress Rihanna. Elevate your beauty routine with this three-piece lipstick collection, which is complete with Fenty’s Go Glossy, Go Velvet, and Go Slick lip products in the brand’s signature Rose Mauve tone. Whether you apply one product, double up, or use all three, is up to you. 
Transform your hair care routine with OUAI’s bestselling products. This kit features the essentials to cleanse, condition, and style your locks, for smooth, shiny, and healthy hair. The set features the miniature versions of the Detox Shampoo, Leave In Conditioner, and Anti-Frizz Crème, which you can use all in one haircare session. 
Craft captivating eye looks with this versatile kit from Sculpted by Aimee. Featuring Smoke & Shimmer Eyeshadow Duo, which is easy-to-use and highly pigmented, as well as MyMascara in ultra-black, this set is all you need to nail your eye make-up look. Whether you’re aiming for subtle definition or a dramatic smoky eye, this set has you covered.
Indulge in a luxurious spa experience at home with this duo. Inside you will find the luxurious Lily & Rose Rich Shower Oil as well as the matching Lily & Rose Body Lotion. Sanctuary Spa’s creations will help cleanse the skin, as well as nourish and hydrate the body. At just £5, it’s an unbeatable deal.
YSL Black Opium is a bestselling fragrance many have on their wishlist. This gift set includes the iconic Black Opium Eau De Parfum, as well as a 10ml travel version of the scent, and a miniature Rouge Pur Couture lipstick in shade Rouge Muse. 
Boots gift sets are pretty impressive, and affordable. This bundle features Marc Jacobs’ classic Daisy fragrance, which is a light and fruity scent with notes of wild strawberry, violet leaves, and jasmine. Alongside the fragrance is a matching body lotion, as well as a travel-size version of the scent.
Boots offers a variety of delivery options, including free Click and Collect, so you can secure the goods in time for Christmas Day – if you act quick enough…
Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram
Share your views in the comments below
Arrow
MORE: Last-minute Christmas gift guide – perfect presents for everyone on your list
Arrow
MORE: Treat them to over £70 of best-selling Laneige skincare for just £35 with this Boots edit
Arrow
MORE: The best Christmas gifts for your mum, step mum or mother-in-law 2024
Sign up for your retail fix with exclusive discounts, sales and product reviews.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Your information will be used in line with our Privacy Policy
Sign up for your retail fix with exclusive discounts, sales and product reviews.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Your information will be used in line with our Privacy Policy