British singer Raye has revealed her car was stolen with all of her songwriting books in the boot.
The Mercury Prize nominated artist, who took home six gongs at the Brit Awards this year, had been working on the follow-up to her debut My 21st Century Blues.
In an Instagram post, where she shared photos of her 27th birthday celebrations, she wrote: “It’s my birthday and my car got stolen with all my song writing books in the boot so no second album any time soon love you bye.”
A post shared by RAYE 🇬🇧🇨🇭🇬🇭 (@raye)
One of the photos showed a cake with sprinkles and red icing that spelled out the words: “Sorry ur car got stolen”.
In the comments, radio presenter Clara Amfo, singer Mabel, rapper Stefflon Don, and Love Island star Indiyah Polack all wished the music star a happy birthday.
The Brit School graduate, known for hits songs like Prada featuring Casso and D-Block Europe, has been climbing her way through the ranks for many years, having signed to Polydor Records as a teenager.
She later lent her vocals to top five hits by David Guetta and Jax Jones and wrote lyrics for Beyonce and Rihanna.
Despite her talent, her solo work did not reach the same heights and in 2021 she expressed frustration at her label not letting her release her debut album yet.
By the end of 2022 she had struck out on her own and her dance track Escapism featuring 070 Shake had gone viral on TikTok and shot up the charts to number one.

                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.