Agenda-setting intelligence, analysis and advice for the global fashion community.
The essential daily round-up of fashion news, analysis, and breaking news alerts.Plus, access one complimentary BoF Professional article of your choice, each month.
Our newsletters may include 3rd-party advertising, by subscribing you agree to the Terms and Conditions & Privacy Policy.
Dr. Joyce Gikunda recalls a time when she had to wrestle skin bleaching products away from the hands of clients at the then little-known pharmacy she owned alongside her husband on the outskirts of Nairobi in the 1980s. Gikunda, who was trained as a dermatologist, would often return to Kenya from her travels with suitcases full of creams, serums and cleansers from brands not yet available in her country.
Beauty brands using African heritage ingredients like marula, moringa and baobab are gathering momentum across the continent.
In this week’s Worldview, get to know the woman plugging beauty brands into Africa’s largest economy, Brazil’s powerful digital dynasty and the Russian capital of modest fashion.
The State of Fashion: Beauty explores why the international growth strategies of beauty brands and retailers need a reset to capture opportunities in new markets, like India and Middle East, emerge along with industry juggernauts, the US and China.
Yola Mzizi is the Editorial Associate at The Business of Fashion (BoF). She is based in New York and provides operational support to the New York team and writes features for BoF and The Business of Beauty.
© 2025 The Business of Fashion. All rights reserved. For more information read our Terms & Conditions
After his first 100 days as chief executive officer of Chalhoub Group, Michael Chalhoub joined Imran Amed, BoF’s founder and chief executive officer, at BoF CROSSROADS in Dubai — to discuss the state of luxury in the MENA region and the strategic next steps for the third-generation Chalhoub leader.
From high-street labels to haute couture houses, Pakistani brands are opening international stores as far afield as suburban Texas and London’s luxury district in a push to diversify away from the shaky domestic market where some have reached saturation point.
The US GDP decreased an annualised 0.3 percent in the first quarter, well below average growth of 3 percent in the previous two years.
With soaring profits and rapidly expanding store networks, ‘heritage-gold’ jewellery brands like Laopu Gold and Lao Feng Xiang are red-hot in China’s otherwise tepid luxury market. 
The essential daily round-up of fashion news, analysis, and breaking news alerts.Plus, access one complimentary BoF Professional article of your choice, each month.
Our newsletters may include 3rd-party advertising, by subscribing you agree to the Terms and Conditions & Privacy Policy.