By GINA KALSI FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  10:15, 2 August 2024   |  Updated:  11:26, 2 August 2024   
 56
View  comments
Emma Weymouth looked stunning in an all-black ensemble as she hit the town for a date night in Saint-Tropez with her husband yesterday evening. 
The socialite, 38, turned heads in a flirty satin black mini dress that sat on her thigh and showed off her slender legs.
The chic halterneck frock had a flattering plunge neckline and was also backless, perfect for the current warm weather in the French Riviera.
Emma paired her dress with a classic black leather quilted Chanel bag, a large glistening silver diamond earrings and a pair of satin cheetah-print heels. 
Animal print, specifically cheetah and leopard, have come back into style for summer this year, with stars such as Rihanna, Blake Lively and Sandra Bullock pictured wearing it. 
Emma went out with her husband, Ceawlin Thynn, 8th Marquess of Bath, and the pair have been married for 11 years
This comes after the 'mob wife' aesthetic was made popular online in January, with Gen Z donning oversized animal print faux fur coats and gold jewellery.
Emma opted for old Hollywood glamour, wearing winged eyeliner, mascara and natural makeup as she stepped out yesterday. 
The Marchioness of Bath wore her shiny brunette tresses up in an elegant and stylish updo, with locks of hair falling at the sides. 
She went out with her husband, Ceawlin Thynn, 8th Marquess of Bath, and the pair have been married for 11 years, tying the knot in June 2013.
The pair have two children together, John Thynn, Viscount Weymouth, who is around nine years old, and The Honourable Henry Richard Isaac Thynn, who is around seven.  
Emma is the daughter of Nigerian oil trader Ladi Jadesimi and English socialite Suzanna McQuiston. 
She is also quite close to those in the fashion industry such as Naomi Campbell and Lady Kitty Spencer, the eldest child of Charles Spencer, Princess Diana's brother.  
The couple live in Longleat House with their two children, a countryside property with 130 rooms and its own safari park - however, they only reside in one section of home.
The socialite turned heads in a flirty satin black mini dress which sat on her thigh and showed off her slender legs.
 Last month, Emma was snapped alongside the Marquess of Bath on the last day of the Wimbledon tennis tournament.
It saw Novak Djokovic take on last year's winner, Carlos Alcaraz, in the men's final and the Princess of Wales also made an appearance with her sister, Pippa Middleton and her daughter, Princess Charlotte. 
Emma, who rarely attends events with her husband, wore her highlighted hair down and styled in loose waves. 
The former Strictly Come Dancing contestant, who models for Dolce and Gabbana, chose a dress by US designer Ralph Lauren.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group