What's new in Aspen, Colorado.
 I woke up on a Monday morning over the winter in Aspen to the view of pine trees heavy with brilliant white snow. It was still coming down as I rode the gondola up the 11,000-foot peak, not to ski but to visit the ultra-exclusive Aspen X Mountain Club.

 Inside the club, where an annual membership starts at $350,000 a year, a roaring fireplace greeted me. Before I ordered a cup of tea in the all-tartan-clad bar and found the members' private wine fridges, I ducked into the cloakroom, where I traded in my snow boots for a pair of crocheted moccasins, plucked from the selection on offer.

Michael Brands/Mountain Home Photo/Courtesy of MOLLIE Aspen

The 153 acres of new terrain on Aspen Mountain, which skiers and snowboarders can access via the new Hero’s chairlift.
Mollie Aspen: One of the newest hotels in town has chic interior design by Post Company and an excellent cocktail lineup by Death & Co.
West End Social: The Aspen Meadows’ restaurant has hand-made pasta and Martini Mondays in a Bauhaus-inspired setting.
Aspen Art Museum: The free museum in the heart of downtown always has a spectacular exhibit on offer.

Both The Little Nell and The St. Regis Aspen debuted revamped spas over the 2023/24 winter season, with Barbara Sturm facials at The Nell and individual oxygen stations in The St. Regis RAKxa Relaxation Lounge.
 Aspen X Mountain Club, a favorite among A-list out-of-towners, got a stunning overhaul in 2021. But it’s no longer the biggest news on the mountain: Hero’s, a high-speed, four-chair, lift debuted at the beginning of the 2023-2024 ski season, adding 153 available acres of new skiing and snowboarding. Unlocking 12 new intermediate and advanced trails, it’s the biggest terrain expansion since 1985. Plus, Hero’s chairlift takes riders and skiers to shaded, east-facing runs, where the snow holds better, which is why Aspen Mountain has called the project a hedge against climate change. 

Courtesy of ASPENX Mountain Club
 The expansion is one reason Aspen made Travel + Leisure’s editor-curated list of best places to travel in 2024. But the always-in-demand destination has plenty more that’s new and shiny for you to explore this fall and winter. 

 I returned from Aspen X in time for my appointment at the Little Nell spa. As T+L contributor Devorah Lev-Tov previously reported, the spa at the iconic Relais & Châteaux hotel is the “region’s only ski-in/ski-out luxury spa at the base of Aspen Mountain.”

 Jeremy Swanson/Courtesy of The Little Nell
 Three days in Aspen had dehydrated my skin to roughly the texture of a sundried tomato, so I savored a facial, which slathered my skin in restorative enzymes and left it with a pearly sheen. The spa’s entry lounge is bathed in deep blue, the perfect place to emerge from the three new treatment rooms for a cup of chamomile tea and a pine nut and almond biscuit. There’s a new library next door — with a book-covered wall hiding a speakeasy — but I posted up at The Nell’s wine bar, which doubles as a cafe during the day. I claimed an oblong beige couch, piled with shearling pillows and chunky-knit throws, in view of the hotel’s courtyard and steaming heated pool.

Shawn O'Connor/Courtesy of The Little Nell
 Other classic properties — Hotel Jerome, Auberge Resorts Collection, and Aspen Meadows — are upping their game alongside The Little Nell. Hotel Jerome trotted out a tasting menu at Prospect restaurant over the winter of 2023/24, and Aspen Meadows, now part of Salamander Hotels & Resorts, got a stunning renovation. “A more contemporary design language built around Bauhaus’ structural minimalism defines the interiors,” Chadner Navarro, T+L contributor, reported of Aspen Meadows’ 98 recently overhauled rooms. The hotel aims to become a destination-of-its-own resort, with an on-site gallery that opened in 2022 “dedicated to Herbert Bayer’s incredible portfolio of creative work (from advertising posters to abstract paintings to tufted textiles),” Navarro said.

Jason Dewey/Courtesy of Aspen Meadows Resort
 Aspen Meadows’ latest flex is the West End Social restaurant, paneled in light wood that nods to Aspen’s beloved Bauhaus style, with floor-to-ceiling windows and vibrant contemporary art. I visited for dinner, starting with the house-made NA red wine called Pinto Zero, with pomegranate, tea, fragrant spices, and orange zest, and a winter salad packed with bright grapefruit and dill. Updated menu offerings include the potato gnocchi with citrus braised lamb and the bison burger made to your liking.

Maya Kachroo-Levine/Travel + Leisure
 I also checked out Mollie Aspen, which opened in December 2023. A staffer told me I had just missed Rihanna and A$AP Rocky, but I could certainly appreciate their taste: Mollie had none of the ski lodge aesthetic that's often expected in mountain towns and instead felt more like a chic, 68-room stay that just happened to be a five-minute drive to the ski slopes.

Nicole Franzen/Courtesy of MOLLIE Aspen
 Some credit for that goes to CCY Architects, which tackled many aspects of the design. Taking the lead on the interiors was Post Company, the firm that was also behind the maximalist redesign of San Diego's The Lafayette Hotel & Club and The Rounds at Scribner's in New York State. The lobby, with caramel-colored leather chairs by a gleaming black-marble fireplace, doubles as a restaurant and bar on the left and an all-day cafe on the right. The food and drinks are by Death & Co., the legendary cocktail outfit that's wading into the hotel scene.

 "There's a level of honesty and simplicity that Mollie has added to Aspen," said Tyson Buhler, the director of food and beverage for Gin & Luck, which owns Death & Co.

 At the restaurant, furnished with soft brown banquettes and deep leather couches, I paired fried, powdered sugar–dusted zeppole with a Pineapple Express, a cold brew and Seedlip concoction that was hands-down the most satisfying non-alcoholic cocktail I've ever had. I wasn't brave enough to venture onto the patio, though the dancing flames of the outdoor fireplace lured a few folks into the nearly zero-degree weather. It looked like a fairly lovely spot to spend an evening — whether for locals, out-of-towners, or Rihanna and A$AP.

Shawn Campbell/Courtesy of MOLLIE Aspen
 And there's still plenty more to explore in Aspen. New York City’s Sant Ambroeus restaurant opened on Main Street in the summer of 2024; Bosq Aspen earned its first Michelin star this year; St. Regis Aspen has a brand-new spa; and Stranahan’s, a local whiskey distillery, has a new Whiskey Lodge downtown. Even 2025 looks exciting, as a White Elephant Resort, known for its posh Nantucket and Palm Beach outposts, will open across the street from Mollie Aspen. So, I guess there's only one thing left to do: Start planning my return visit now.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)