Any Broad City fan knows the four R’s: reduce, reuse, recycle, Rihanna. And it seems that Rihanna is party to them herself.
Rih embraced recycling while out for dinner at Giorgio Baldi, re-wearing a champagne-colored corset top. The strapless bustier got its first moment in the sun in September, when the Fenty founder was out and about during New York Fashion Week.
The entrepreneur kindly reminded us that there’s no need to put away summer tops as soon as the weather turns. A prime example for anyone looking for going out top inspiration, Rih wore a furry, floor-length coat over her satin bustier.
Rihanna in November 2024.
Rihanna in September 2024.
Like the last time she wore it, Rihanna paired the top with blue jeans—though this time she opted for a baggy pair, which she cinched with a sky blue belt with an oversized buckle from Kemo Sabe. Always one to rep her projects, she layered her jeans over satin Savage x Fenty boxers, accessorized with a pair of Fenty Blockt mask shades, and added a sporty touch with her Puma Speedcats. She finished off the look with an oversized silver cross necklace and a miniature denim monogrammed Louis Vuitton Speedy.
Rihanna may be exercising maximalism with this look, but she’s also practicing good fashion ethics by actually wearing the clothing that she owns—again and again.
I Just Got Back From L.A. and Everyone Was Wearing Autry Medalist Low Sneakers
Amal Clooney Is All About Rib-Grazing Denim for Spring
How to Dress Like the Olsen Twins This Spring and Summer 2025
Rihanna Dresses Cozy and Classic to Solo Dine at Her Favorite Restaurant
Sign up for Vogue Shopping to receive the insider’s guide to what to shop and how to wear it
Listen to The Run-Through with Vogue, a weekly podcast featuring the most exciting stories and hot takes from the worlds of culture, politics, sports and–of course–fashion
Never miss a Vogue moment and get unlimited digital access for just $2 $1 per month.
The Vogue Runway app has expanded! Update to the latest version to see all Vogue content, as well as new features like our Runway Genius quiz, Group Chats, and posts from Vogue contributors.
Explore the Runway Image Archive where you can access over 1.2 million runway images from past and present fashion shows.
More from Vogue
See More Stories
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Vogue may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
CN Fashion & Beauty