He is a well-known rapper with a string of awards - but many A$AP Rocky fans have no idea how the iconic artist got his stage name.
A$AP Rocky, whose real name is Rakim Athelaston Mayers, was named after the legendary American Rakim, known for hits like When I Be On Tha Mic, Guess Who's Back and It's Been A Long Time.
At a tender age of nine, A$AP Rocky began his journey into rap, guided by his older brother. However, when he turned 13, his brother was tragically killed in Harlem, New York, which spurred him to take rapping more seriously.
In 2007, he joined the A$AP Mob crew, a collective of rappers, producers, music video directors, and other creatives. All members of the crew adopted A$AP as part of their stage names, leading some fans to question what A$AP stands for and why he chose the moniker Rocky.
According to a statement on American Songwriter: "The name was conjured up when the rapper was back home in New York City. His entire crew had A$AP preceding their name. The collective of rappers, directors, fashion designers, and other artists was dubbed the A$AP Mob. The acronym stands for 'Always Strive and Prosper.' Rocky was a nickname his mother gave him when he was younger. Put the two together and you have an unforgettable rap alter ego."
After his single Peso was leaked online in 2011, A$AP Rocky signed with Polo Grounds Music and released his debut mixtape, Live. Love. A$AP.
The statement further reveals: "The mixtape was met with critical acclaim so much so that he landed a $3 million record deal with Polo Ground Music. His debut studio album, Long. Live. A$AP, was released in 2013 and debuted at No.1 on the Billboard 200 chart. The album has since been certified gold by the RIAA.
"The next few years would be a whirlwind of releases, features, tours and more as Rocky rose in the rap ranks thanks to his stellar debut. His most recent album, Testing, was shared in 2018, debuting at No. 4 on the Billboard 200 chart."
In 2021, during an interview with GQ, he confirmed his relationship with singer Rihanna, and they now have two children - RZA Athelston Mayers and Riot Rose Mayers. Reflecting on A$AP Rocky's stage name, one Reddit user confessed: "It took me way too long to realise ASAP stands for Always Strive And Prosper." Another user chimed in: "Just now realised this too."
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.