By ADAM S. LEVY FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  05:28, 13 February 2024   |  Updated:  06:08, 13 February 2024   
 139
View  comments
Selena Gomez and her boyfriend Benny Blanco are enjoying one another in the early days of their relationship.
Gomez, 31, took to social media with a series of pics in which she and her beau, 35, were posed in various romantic embraces. 
The Grand Prairie, Texas-born actress-singer captioned the images on her social media page 'My bes fwend,' to which Blanco said in response, 'Das my bes fwend.'
In the first image, the Emmy-nominated actress embraced Blanco, who has a passion for cooking, while he was preparing a platter of meatballs.
The second frame saw Gomez resting in the lap of Blanco, who had his hand on her chest while planting a kiss on her shoulder.  
Selena Gomez, 31, and Benny Blanco, 35, are enjoying one another in the early days of their relationship, as Gomez took to social media with a series of romantic pics Monday 
Gomez has been linked with Blanco, a musical artist, producer, and songwriter, since last year 
In the photograph, the Only Murders in the Building star was clad in a plunging tan top with a black coat worn down to her arms, while Blanco donned a tan suit with gold bracelets and necklaces. 
The third photo in the set showed Blanco posing for a selfie while Gomez was smiling with her eyes closed.
In the fourth shot, Blanco was posed behind Gomez as they relaxed in the kitchen area of a home alongside friends including The Bear actor Matty Matheson.
On Sunday, the couple was seen kissing one another while posed against a velvet red couch in a shot Gomez posted to Instagram.
Gomez and Blanco have frequently shared their light-hearted and romantic moments via Instagram in the early days of their relationship.    
Blanco last week took to Instagram with a shot in which he held a publicity photo of Gomez, while the actress was was seen holding her head in the background.
In the photo - which she signed, 'Rock on!' with the inscription 'XO' - Gomez was pictured in character as Alex Russo on the Disney series Wizards of Waverly Place. 
Gomez, who starred on 106 episodes of the series from 2007-2012, donned a purple print shirt synonymous with the fashion of the timeframe, and a scarf, in the publicity photo. In the background of the social media post, a presumably laughing Gomez could be seen holding her head in contrast to her previous character.
In the first image, the Emmy-nominated actress embraced Blanco, who has a passion for cooking, while he was preparing a platter of meatballs 
Blanco was posed behind Gomez as they relaxed in the kitchen area of a home alongside friends including The Bear actor Matty Matheson 
On Sunday, the couple was seen kissing one another while posed against a velvet red couch in a shot Gomez posted to Instagram 
Gomez is an executive producer on a recently-announced sequel series, which will star David Henrie, who starred alongside Gomez on the original series.
The superstar entertainer is slated to make a cameo on the upcoming sequel show. In January, Gomez and Henrie were pictured with the actors who played their parents on the series, Maria Canals-Barrera and David DeLuise.
Gomez and Blanco were seen taking in Grammys proceedings earlier this month, as they were spotted at Gucci's Grammys afterparty at the Chateau Marmont in Los Angeles.  
Gomez on December 7 confirmed the romance when she liked an Instagram post from the account @popfactions that reported the 'rumored' romance; after the account published another post that read, 'Selena Gomez Seemingly Confirms That She Is In A Relationship,' Gomez wrote, 'Facts.'
Gomez subsequently took to Instagram Stories with a black-and-white image of herself in which she appeared to be cuddling with Blanco, and later tangled with fans who said he had spoken negatively of her more than three years ago.
Blanco has been involved in the industry for more than 15 years as a musical artist, producer, and songwriter. 
He has collaborated with a bevy of big name artists - including Gomez herself, on tracks such as 2023's Single Soon, and his 2019 song I Can’t Get Enough.
Blanco has also worked with Gomez's ex Justin Bieber, Rihanna, Lizzo, Britney Spears, Katy Perry, SZA, Ed Sheeran and Keith Urban, according to Harper's Bazaar. Blanco established himself earlier in his career working for Dr. Luke's Kasz Money Productions.
Blanco took to social media earlier this month with an autographed throwback image of his partner from her time on the Disney show Wizards of Waverly Place, while she was seen holding her head in the background 
Gomez shared a shot taken as she reclined in a vehicle with her feet resting on Blanco's chest 
Gomez took to Instagram Stories in December with a black-and-white image of herself in which she appeared to be cuddling with Blanco 
Wizards of Waverly Place stars David DeLuise, David Henrie, Gomez and Maria Canals-Barrera reunited for a photo last month as the show is set for a sequel 
He has been a songwriter on a number of hit tracks, including Rihanna's Diamonds, Maroon 5's Moves Like Jagger, Spears' Circus, and Ke$ha's TiK ToK, among others.
As a solo artist, he released his first album Friends Keep Secrets in December of 2018. The record, which topped out at 41 on the Billboard 200, included contributions from Bieber, Halsey, Calvin Harris, Omar Apollo and Gracie Abrams.
He has had six singles hit the Billboard Hot 100 over the last five years, including 2018's Eastside (with Halsey & Khalid); as well as 2019's Roses (with the late Juice WRLD and Brendon Urie) and I Can't Get Enough (with Gomez, Tainy and J Balvin).
In recent years, he's charted with the 2020 tracks Lonely (with Bieber) and Real S*** (with Juice WRLD) and 2022's Bad Decisions (with BTS & Snoop Dogg).
Blanco chat with The New York Times in 2018 about his skillset when it comes to making music.
'I couldn't sit down and play a concert for you or really wow you on any instrument,' he said. 'What I can do is meet an artist, know what type of song I think we should make and be their therapist, make everyone feel comfortable.'
Gomez has past been in high-profile relationships with stars such as Bieber, The Weeknd, Zedd, Nick Jonas, and Taylor Lautner. 
Blanco was past rumored to be in a romance with Elsie Hewitt, a 27-year-old model-actress from London (who has since been linked with Jason Sudeikis, 48).
Blanco was pictured bidding during a charity auction Gomez hosted in LA in October 
Gomez hosted the Inaugural Rare Impact Fund Benefit supporting youth mental health
Blanco was pictured at a Grammys event February 3
Blanco was past rumored to be in a romance with Elsie Hewitt, a 27-year-old model-actress from London. Pictured in LA in January of 2020
Aside from his musical endeavors, Blanco has also taken in interest in culinary arts, as he's set to release a cookbook in April titled Open Wide
Aside from his musical endeavors, Blanco has also taken in interest in culinary arts, as he's set to release a cookbook in April titled Open Wide. 
He announced the forthcoming project in an Instagram post in November, saying he's been into cooking since he was 13, when a friend of his got a George Foreman grill.
'We would invite friends over, get high and make the most elaborate sandwiches our prepubescent minds could fathom,' Blanco said. 'I know what you are going to say… cooking is scary. You don’t know where to begin. It can be overwhelming. 
'And cooking for a group of people, f*** that.. but i'm telling u, once you get into it, it’ll be ur new addiction, it’s like meditating. Slicing an onion is like taking a Xanax to me.'
Gomez commented on the post 'Finally' with an emoji of raised hands.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group