By
PartyNextDoor unveiled the explicit album cover for his upcoming album dropping on April 26, via Instagram on Monday (April 1), which received mixed reactions from fans.
There is no mention of an April Fool’s joke. The cover features the backside of a naked woman in the downward dog position with a tattoo that says “P4” across her lower back. An Instagram user commented about the album cover shoot with a crying face emoji, “I wonder what the shoot for this album cover was like.”
A post shared by PARTYNEXTDOOR (@partynextdoor)
The comments would continue as the post generated over 687,000 likes and 32,000 comments. One user wrote, “This better be a april fools prank dont play with me party.,” while another referenced a line from the popular Will Farrell film Blades of Glory (2007) with, “It’s provocative it gets the ppl goin.”
“Definitely not using Apple car play when I play this album,” commented a user. 
A fan was surprised by the reactions to PartyNextDoor’s music, known for its explicit lyrics.“Yall are acting like he makes love jams or something. It’s PND what did you expect,” commented the user. “Mr ‘Freak in you’ all his songs are for backshots.”
Known for his covers being a silhouette of his face, a fan requested the return of his signature look, writing, “Can we go back to normal album covers pls.” 
Read more mixed reactions:
“Jahron Anthony Brathwaite you need to be stopped,” commented @Lodbeluh.
@Tashaarchivedd said, “U fin have the freaky deaks asking to remake this.”
“Pnd definitely got this off of a porn site,” commented @DaBucket_4.
@ari_estrill wrote, “Her braids are BEAUTIFUL.”
“This isn’t twitter man,” wrote @zena_patel
@anda_da.sea comments, “My n***a we asked for an album not a look inside your gallery.”
P4 features Party’s new single, “R E A L  W O M A N,” released on March 22. The upcoming album follows 2016’s P3 featuring Rihanna on the hit single “Believe It.” PND returned to the stage last month at SXSW in Austin, Texas.
Are you a HOT 97 VIP?  Unlock exclusive, VIP Only access to the latest news, offers, contests, events, and more.  There is no cost to join for a limited time.
Δ
#1 for Hip Hop
Copyright 2024 Hot 97