One important shift in the Presidential race is that a large chunk of the population recently decided that everything they used to dislike about Kamala Harris they now love. Favorable ratings are up. Negative views are down. Traits that were seen as wacky or amateurish now read as cool and inspiring. Los Angeles Times, 2021: “More than a laugh: Kamala Harris’ is a sound check for a divided country.” Washington Post, last week: “Vice President Harris laughs at 128 beats per minute—the same tempo as some truly excellent dance songs, such as ‘We Found Love’ by Rihanna or Kylie Minogue’s ‘Padam Padam.’ ” What happened? Could it be the understudy effect?
Everybody loves a backup turned star—your Jeremy Lins, or Tom Bradys, or Shirley MacLaines. Just last week, at the Olympics, we got the Pommel Horse Guy, Stephen Nedoroscik, a subdued, spectacled American gymnast who rode the bench until the very last team event. Was he the best competitor? No. But he was the hero. This is bad news for Donald Trump. He has appeared rattled and whiny after the Harris switcheroo, probably because he recognizes a good narrative arc when he sees one. As one Broadway site posted on X while Joe Biden was refusing to exit the race: “Nation Shaking Their Playbills, Hoping a Little Slip Falls Out.”
An American Vice-President is actually more like a standby, who waits in the wings, than an understudy, who at least gets to perform in the chorus. The Vice-President, like a standby, is basically there just for emergencies. She must study and prepare, likely in vain. There’s a part of her that wishes calamity upon the star. (One understudy wrote in Playbill, “I secretly wanted to poison the lead.”) Standbys and V.P.s are both taken for granted and abused. Thomas Marshall, Woodrow Wilson’s Vice-President, felt so worthless that he invited tourists who visited his office to pelt him with peanuts. Someone once interrupted a speech he was giving with an urgent phone call saying that the President had died. He rushed off the stage, ready for his big break. It turned out to be a prank.
The Vice-Presidency is a weird concept. Most countries don’t have one. In the United Kingdom, if the Prime Minister dies, the government just chooses someone else. But there’s something very American in enduring ongoing humiliation for a small chance at a big payoff. Who doesn’t think they can do better than their celebrated co-worker or boss? Maybe this is why we identify so strongly with the ones who make it. Bradley Cooper decided to start “Maestro” with the young Leonard Bernstein being told that the conductor of the New York Philharmonic is sick, and that he needs to step in. Many listeners prefer Sammy Hagar’s Van Halen to David Lee Roth’s, and Phil Collins’s Genesis to Peter Gabriel’s. There’s Sutton Foster, Bebe Neuwirth, Tim Cook, Lou Gehrig. Nick Foles, the backup quarterback who led the Eagles to a Super Bowl victory, is so beloved in Philadelphia that its citizens gave him an honorary nickname. For a while, even Amazon’s Alexa referred to him as Nicholas (Big Dick) Edward Foles.
Two years ago, the big Broadway drama was the revival of “Funny Girl,” whose lead role is Fanny Brice, a character made famous by Barbra Streisand. Beanie Feldstein was tapped for the part, but she turned out to have the same problem as Biden: a flagging voice. The standby was Julie Benko, a veteran; she’d understudied five roles in “Spring Awakening” and eight in “Fiddler on the Roof.” (Later, she created a one-woman cabaret show called “Standby, Me.”) Feldstein was pushed out. Benko stepped in. She was a sensation. When Lea Michele got the full-time gig, the production maintained regularly scheduled Benko performances.
“As soon as Kamala got it, I was, like, I feel you girl,” Benko said last week, when reached by phone. In considering Harris’s campaign, she identified several characteristics of a successful understudy transition. First, make it bigger than yourself. “The Fanny dressing room overlooked the street, and I could hear people on line screaming at the security staff, ‘What do you mean it’s the understudy? I want my money back!’ ” she said. “By the end, it was like they had all come on this journey with me, and it was as if they had discovered me themselves. It’s very grassroots.”
Benko added that timing matters. A last-minute substitution has benefits that a planned one doesn’t. “You are running on instinct, so you just end up being you,” she said. “When Kamala was trying to win a primary, she had to be very calculated, and I think she came across as calculated. Now she can relax and be herself.”
What advice would Benko give Harris about turning her big break into lasting success? “The full-time job is a lot more physically demanding, so make sure you have a good acupuncturist,” she said. “And don’t worry about comparisons. Nobody can be Barbra.” ♦
A long-ago crime, suddenly remembered.
A limousine driver watches her passengers transform.
The day Muhammad Ali punched me.
What is it like to be keenly intelligent but deeply alienated from simple emotions? Temple Grandin knows.
The harsh realm of “gentle parenting.” 
Retirement the Margaritaville way.
Fiction by F. Scott Fitzgerald: “Thank You for the Light.” 
Sign up for our daily newsletter to receive the best stories from The New Yorker.
Sections
More
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. The New Yorker may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices