BBC presenters Vick Hope, Katie Thistleton, and Jamie Laing got more than they bargained for on their Radio 1 show when they asked listeners to share tales of explaining naughty phrases to their folks.
The trio's call-out for cringe-worthy "explaining rude phrases to parents" stories started off tame enough, with fans detailing how they dodged giving the real lowdown on tracks like Megan Thee Stallion's WAP. Katie confessed: "We can't read most of your messages out but we're enjoying them."
But things took a saucy turn when Vick's own mum joined the fray via text, cheekily pointing out: "Can't believe it's taken you so long to work out [that the older generation pretend they don't understand sex references], we're all playing with you."
And then she dropped another bombshell that left Vick mortified. She broadcasted to the audience: "My mum's just texted. She knows that because she's got one shout-out now, about working out, that our parents are just playing with us. She's said: 'Also, we did sex before and after you were all born'."
Katie was left squealing that Vick's mum had "taken it too far," while Vick herself refused to accept the truth, stubbornly claiming her parents "did it once, to have me. They didn't need to do it after that."
Jamie added a bit of an overshare from his own mum, revealing: "She phoned me up the other day and said 'Darling, my libido's gone'. All the parents have gone mad! ".
Thankfully, the younger generation still retains their innocence. One listener texted in to share: "I had to explain to my 12-year-old daughter she hasn't invented a new word after she had been jogging with the dog."
It took Vick a few moments to decipher the text, before she realised that the "new word" the girl had invented was "dogging."
She continued to say that her young niece had been singing along to Rihanna's SandM, seemingly unaware of the song's extremely suggestive theme.
Lastly, Vick gave us all a "get out of jail free" card for those times when parents have caught us going a bit too far on social media.
She clarified: "If I shared a meme that was a bit rude, or if I swore or something, My mum would ring me and say 'I think you've been hacked'".
We may not have been hacked, but that's definitely the excuse we'll be using from now on.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.