Manage your account
Planning for Michigan Central Station’s concert spectacular kicked into high gear six months ago. But you could say it was really decades in the making.
Assembling a host of top Detroit talent from across genres, the Thursday show will thread together the diverse strands from the city’s musical legacy — summoning a rich history for a night that ultimately is about looking forward.
Outside the restored train station this week, backstage crews and headset-fitted technical personnel were a constant whirr of motion, putting final touches on the stage and production that will bring the star-studded show to viewers around the world.
With a day to go before Ford Motor Co.’s “Live from Detroit: The Concert at Michigan Central,” Wednesday afternoon was rehearsal crunch time. Jesse Collins, the veteran Los Angeles producer enlisted to run the ship, was a calm, cool onstage presence as he guided hip-hop duo Slum Village through its stage paces.
The group’s Young RJ enthusiastically captured the scene on his cellphone, seeming to recognize a big career moment was in the works. Behind him, Illa J manned the sort of Akai MPC mixer made famous by his brother, late Slum producer J. Dilla.
Technicians tested eight flame towers that will be part of the pyrotechnics show, while others ran through lighting cues and camera tracking.
Behind them loomed the whole purpose for this party: As the centerpiece of Ford’s $950 million rehabilitation at the 30-acre Corktown site, the majestically restored train station will be portrayed as a symbol of Detroit renaissance for the thousands on-site and countless others watching live on Peacock on Thursday night.
To ensure that Michigan Central commands the proceedings, the concert stage is equipped with a transparent roof, rare to U.S. festival productions. The 13-story depot won’t be obscured.
Announced artists include Diana Ross, Jack White, Big Sean and others from Detroit and beyond, although a peek behind the scenes this week confirmed there’s much more on tap than has been publicly disclosed.
Eminem and his manager, Paul Rosenberg, are among the executive producers and were onboard from the get-go, show organizers said.
Collins, whose portfolio includes Super Bowl halftime shows and Grammy Awards productions, has done previous Detroit work, including projects with Eminem. But he senses a new sort of energy in Detroit these days, and he aims to channel it Thursday in “a complete story of the Detroit music scene” intended to be as inspiring as it is entertaining.
“These artists are performing because they remember walking through this station as a child, and they know how it felt when it was closed down (in the 1980s),” Collins said. “So there’s a real feeling of connection to see it in its current state, and they really want to celebrate that.”
For Bill Ford and other Ford brass, turning to Detroit’s musical endowment was a no-brainer as they began planning late last year for Michigan Central’s grand reopening.
Michigan Central Station’s renovation: Before-and-after photos show dramatic change
“We have such an incredible music heritage in this city, probably unlike any other city,” said Ford, the company’s executive chair. “And lots of different genres, too, as you go back through the history of Detroit music.”
Ford calls his own musical tastes eclectic: Having grown up in the Motown era, he said it was special to land Diana Ross, and as owner of the Detroit Lions, he has come to know die-hard football fan Eminem well.
Ford Motor Co.’s goal was ambitious but straightforward: “What would be the most memorable and epic night of Detroit music we could deliver?” said spokesman Mark Truby.
Collins was enlisted in February, fresh off his work on the Grammy and Super Bowl shows, tapped for his deep music experience and talent relations.
From the very first phone call, the mission was clear.
“We wanted to make sure we checked as many (musical) boxes as possible, but in a way that felt iconic,” he said. “We didn’t want to just have hip-hop for hip-hop’s sake or rock for rock’s sake. It was like: ‘Let’s start with the greats and build from there. If there’s a Detroit music Mount Rushmore, we start there and build around that.’”
The early involvement of Rosenberg and Eminem — the Detroit rap superstar born Marshall Mathers — certainly boosted the cause.
“Paul and Marshall were very helpful, especially in the beginning stages, making sure we put together a show that was musically credible for Detroit and at the same time would appeal to a mass audience,” Collins said.
While Eminem’s name certainly helped open doors during the booking process, it wasn’t the only one. Indeed, it was the inclusion of one beloved gospel group — the Clark Sisters — that perked up many ears, producers said.
That was a kind of bat signal to artists: This wasn’t some fly-by-night concert concept. This was real Detroit. The show was legit.
Artists expressed their own motivations for jumping in, said another producer, Joe Killian: Jack White, a lover of Americana who grew up in the neighborhood, has a lifelong affection for the train station. Diana Ross viewed the show as a triumphant homecoming opportunity.
Killian is a veteran New York producer and Detroit native who grew up steeped in the city’s musical lore.
“When you do a show of Detroit music, you could do five nights,” he said.
The large concentration of homegrown performers has led to a “massive” guest list, Collins said — more extensive than the requests he has fielded for his Super Bowl productions.
Bill Ford characterized the evening as a community family affair.
“The artists that are coming here really want to be here. They love Detroit. There is something about the city that keeps its children solidly here,” he said. “Whether it’s Diana Ross or Eminem or Big Sean or Jelly Roll or any of the others that will be coming here, they all are very different in their music,” Ford said. “But they have one thing in common: They love Detroit and they want to give back to Detroit.”
For all the planning of recent months, show details were still coming together Tuesday. Asked when the concert lineup had finally gotten set in stone, Collins and musical director Adam Blackstone burst into laughter.
“What time is it?” Collins said, glancing at his watch.
In other words, the show is packed with moving parts still being assembled. One artist, for instance, abruptly decided Monday to perform a song they’d only ever played live once. Blackstone expects he may be still writing out charts for his house band up until showtime.
The Philadelphia-born bassist-keyboardist is himself an industry veteran, having toured with acts such as Eminem, Nicki Minaj and Rihanna. Blackstone said he has been having a blast working out performances with Thursday’s artists, including Zoom sessions with Melissa Etheridge and a Monday jam with the Clark Sisters where “they all caught the spirit.”
Blackstone’s Thursday ensemble includes a three-piece horn section and three backing vocalists, and they’ll perform with every artist but Jack White. At one point — when the full Detroit Symphony Orchestra joins the proceedings — more than 60 musicians will occupy the stage.
The DSO shuffled its Orchestra Hall calendar for the occasion: A previously scheduled Beethoven concert was bumped to Friday to make way for what the organization calls “this special moment” at Michigan Central. DSO music director Jader Bignamini will be conducting the orchestra in the most high-profile performance since his 2020 appointment.
A quartet of DSO musicians will also feature in a taped segment with rapper Royce 5’9” and Ma Dukes Yancey, mother of the late producer J. Dilla, setting up Slum Village’s set.
That’s one of the of the interstitial videos that will line the Michigan Central presentation, spotlighting an array of Detroit artists far beyond the lineup that has been announced.
More: Woodworker spent nearly a year re-creating Michigan Central Station lobby clock
Musical glue will also be provided by a pair of DJs, Theo Parrish and Sky Jetta, who will spin throughout the show.
If a 90-minute window seems like a tight squeeze for all the action that’s been promised — not to mention the participants who haven’t been publicly revealed yet — Collins vows the run of show is crisp and tight.
“It’s going to have a lot of pace,” Collins said. “We’re really going to keep it moving, keep it festive and fun.”
Expect to hear truncated songs, sometimes a single verse and chorus. Many performances will fuse artists from diverse genres in the mix-and-match style adopted by Grammy shows in recent years.
That wide-ranging approach is what a celebration of Detroit music should be, said Blackstone.
“It provides a sense of self pride about where you are from. No matter the color, genre, age, gender, these songs have played a big part in Detroit history,” he said.
“You know where you are when you hear a (Bob) Seger song. You remember where you were if you saw him perform. And then there’s the Clark sisters, coming from church. There's a church on every corner in Detroit — but then there's a dive bar next to the church. So you’re going to get a little Clark sisters, then you’ll get a little Seger, then you’ll get (more and more). It’s all part of why it’s such a great city.”
With Tuesday’s sudden release of 2,500 tickets — following an updated site assessment by fire marshals — the show will now host 17,000-plus lucky concertgoers at Roosevelt Park in front of the train station. A Michigan Central official said the public should follow the station's social media channels to be alerted of any final ticket releases.
The free show grabbed metro Detroit’s imagination well before any artist lineup was announced. Most tickets were snatched up in seconds during a public Eventbrite sign-up last month. A day earlier, massive traffic crashed the Michigan Central website and botched the original registration plan.
Other tickets were quietly distributed to residents in Corktown and southwest Detroit through email lists and other neighborhood channels.
Many more are sure to catch the show via the real-time Peacock stream — the first-ever live event for that NBC Universal service — and on Detroit’s NBC affiliate, WDIV-TV (Channel 4). The concert will be repurposed into a one-hour NBC-TV special airing nationally at 7 p.m. Sunday.
The NBC Universal arrangement was hammered out over several weeks following a New York meeting by Ford and network executives, including NBC News president Rebecca Blumenstein, a former auto journalist with the Wall Street Journal.
In another sign of the precisely calibrated production led by Collins, the NBC version will be edited live on the fly Thursday night and is due to the network by 9 a.m. Friday.
It’s all part of what’s shaping up as an exuberant, breathless evening in Corktown.
At Michigan Central, the stage is scheduled to be gone by the end of Sunday, as the public streams through on daily public tours running through June 16.
By that time, it will have hosted what Ford hopes will be a memorable night for a Detroit on the rise: “We wanted to give a moment to the city,” as spokesman Truby put it.
“There's lots of good news happening in the city now, but we wanted to have this moment to give back and say, ‘We've come a long way.' That was the point of it,” he said. “And this worked out better than I think we could have even drawn out on a page.”
Free Press staff writer Phoebe Wall Howard contributed to this report.
Contact Detroit Free Press music writer Brian McCollum: 313-223-4450 or bmccollum@freepress.com.
This article originally appeared on Detroit Free Press: Michigan Central concert: Behind the scenes of a Detroit spectacular