The Victoria and Albert Museum (V&A) is to open an exhibition dedicated to Cartier featuring items worn by Queen Elizabeth II and pop singer Rihanna.
Among the items included in the display, opening in April 2025, are precious jewels, historic gemstones, drawings from the V&A and Cartier Collection, pieces from museums and private collections, and works lent by the King from the Royal Collection.
Highlights include Queen Elizabeth II’s Williamson diamond brooch featuring a circular pink diamond of 23.6 carats, as well as the Scroll Tiara, commissioned in 1902 and worn by Clementine Churchill, wife of former Prime Minister Winston Churchill, to the coronation of Elizabeth II, and by Rihanna on the cover of W magazine in 2016.
Another feature is Grace Kelly’s engagement ring that she wore in her final film, High Society (1956).
Cartier was established in 1847 and became known as “the jeweller of kings and the king of jewellers”.
Featuring more than 350 objects, the new display will chart the evolution of the house’s legacy of art, design, and craftsmanship since the turn of the 20th century.
Exhibition curators Helen Molesworth and Rachel Garrahan said: “Cartier is one of the most famous jewellery houses in the world.
“This exhibition will explore how Louis, Pierre and Jacques Cartier, together with their father Alfred, adopted a strategy of original design, exceptional craftmanship and international expansion that transformed the Parisian family jeweller into a household name.
“With its world-class jewellery collection, the V&A is the perfect stage to celebrate the pioneering achievements of Cartier and its transformative ability to remain at the centre of culture and creativity for more than a century.
“We are excited to be able to share with visitors some of Cartier’s most famous creations as well as revealing previously unseen objects and archive material that further enriches our understanding of a jewellery house that continues to influence the way we adorn ourselves today.”
From 2025 the V&A will also play host to exhibitions about French queen Marie Antoinette and design and disability.
Cartier will be staged at the Sainsbury Gallery at V&A South Kensington from April 12 2025 to November 16 2025.
The Cartier Collection is currently on view in Cartier, The Power of Magic at Shanghai Museum East until February 17 2025.
A limited number of tickets will be released on Tuesday.

                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.