October 28, 2024
10:06 AM
Photo by Dave Benett/Getty Images for Selfridges & Fenty Hair
Rihanna continues to fully embrace the joys of motherhood! 
In a recent interview with Entertainment Tonight, the singer spoke with host Kevin Frazier about her life as a mother and her aspirations to grow her family. Alongside launching her new FENTY x PUMA Avanti shoe, she opened up about motherhood and her hope of having a baby girl one day. Rihanna shares two sons with her boyfriend, A$AP Rocky — RZA, 2, and Riot Rose, 1. 
Reflecting on her role as a parent to two boys, the "Diamonds" hitmaker shared, "The best, I live for it. It’s never a dull moment. I love when they climb off the chandeliers. I love when they literally are so scary that I’m forced to have fun. Me running around, me lifting them up, it’s all fun, it’s all exercise. But it works out for both of us, all of our kids."
When Frazier mentioned that Rihanna might consider adding a little girl to her family, she enthusiastically confirmed. "I wanna have a girl. I wouldn’t know what to do ’cause I only know about boys so far. It will be a new adventure," the 36-year-old said. You can watch the full conversation below.
Earlier this month, Rocky graced the cover of W Magazine, with Rihanna capturing the photos. In the interview, the Harlem rapper revealed when he knew Rihanna was "the one" for him. “I knew from when we were younger. We both did, I think. So it was only right when we got older. We just kind of reconnected,” he told the outlet.
While discussing the full circle moment of shooting at New York’s Mercer Hotel, he said, “This is very special because this is the first place she fell in love with me. Virgil Abloh shot the music video for 'Fashion Killa' in 2012, and that was the same couch where Rihanna and I sat in the first scene… That was that same room.”
Trending Now
By clicking Subscribe, you confirm that you have read and agree to our Terms of Use and acknowledge our Privacy Policy. You also agree to receive marketing communications, updates, special offers (including partner offers) and other information from BET and the Paramount family of companies. You understand that you can unsubscribe at any time.
© 2025 Black Entertainment Television LLC. All rights reserved.