By
Chris Piner
Thanks to the power of social media, users have partaken in a slew of challenges over the last few years. Looking back, there was the ice bucket challenge, the cinnamon challenge, and even the mannequin challenge. And with each passing month, the list seemed to grow longer as users continued to spread hilarious and sometimes meaningful trends. And recently, many played a part in the one-second song challenge. Only giving users a one-second clip of a song, fans must decipher the name. While a challenging task, country music star Lukas Nelson proved himself to be one of the best. 
With countless people taking part in the challenge, most struggled to name songs from artists like Rihanna, 50 Cent, and even Future. Wanting to have a little fun himself, Nelson shared a video on his Instagram showing him undergoing the challenge. But like many who struggle with the song, the singer fired off answer after answer. Digging deep into his knowledge of songs and singers, Nelson didn’t miss a beat. 
A post shared by Lukas Nelson (@lukasnelsonofficial)
Gaining thousands of comments, fans wrote, “Good fun! Got caught up with why Dallas, sounded like no reason or leave ‘em behind. Great fun post.” Another person added, “Almost got them all right.” 
[RELATED: Lukas Nelson’s Otherworldly Performance of “Can You Hear Me Love You” Has Me Floating on Cloud 9]
For those who struggled to guess them all – don’t forget, Nelson spent his entire life around music thanks to his father Willie Nelson. And outside of just growing up with Willie as a father, the singer also performed alongside greats like Neil Young. 
Once speaking about what it was like to perform with Young, Nelson recalled the experience being like a masterclass given the knowledge he brought with him. “It’s like being in a masterclass, seeing how he works, seeing how he sets his guitar up, how he sets his amp up, how he approaches getting the right tones, how he records, how he wants us to play as musicians when we are playing his songs.”
Not just playing with Young, Nelson made sure to remember what he learned. “I mean, it has really been an incredible experience for me that I have taken in and put towards our own projects, our own music in terms of what we have learned from him. Dynamics, and when not to play, and the idea of how to create more emotion with your dynamics onstage and your performance.”
(Photo by John Shearer/Getty Images for CMT)
Only members can comment. Become a member. Already a member? Log in.
Why Eric Church Thinks Morgan Wallen’s Chair-Throwing Arrest Was “Actually A Good Thing”
The Forgotten Genius of Judee Sill: Folk Music’s Sacred Rebel
Why Tony Iommi Changed His Mind About the Black Sabbath Reunion

			© 2025 American Songwriter			American Songwriter: a Savage Ventures Brand