Fashion month AW24 has officially kicked off in New York and we couldn't be more thrilled (shoutout to all the fashion assistants slogging away at this time of year).
Twice a year, celebrities bring a slew of brand-new, totally unexpected looks to give us fresh fashion inspo from this moment forward, and we also get a taste of which trends from previous seasons have cemented their place for the next.
Already this year, Paris Couture Week brought a new hair style debuted by Zendaya , Kylie Jenner and Stormi's fashion week debut and JLo gave 'Mob Wife' a couture makeover, whilst on the quaint streets of Copenhagen, Mia Regan revived the culottes, Stella Maxwell nailed cowgirlcore chic in fringed boots and Alana Hadid made a case for the return of the quilted jacket.
The celebrities on the sartorial sidelines in the Big Apple are already providing top-notch looks. So, let the impeccably styled stars serve up all the inspiration you need for the upcoming spring season that we're desperately manifesting into existence.
Take a look at which famous faces were the best-dressed on the front row at New York Fashion Week Autumn/Winter 2024…
The Queer Eye star donned a full Thom Browne look, complete with a pleated skirt and knee-high socks to attend the Thom Browne show. 
The OG fashion blogger Leandra Medine was seen wearing a tan faux fur trim coat outside the Bevza show.
Janet Jackson attended the Thom Browne show in a full Thom Browne look complete with pigtails and oversized hoop earrings. 
As per usual, Blake Lively made an entrance, wearing a giraffe print mini skirt and matching trench to the Michael Kors show. 
Nina Dobrev wore the cutest black mini dress made from tiny flowers to the Michael Kors show.
As we all know by now, Beyoncè is in her cowgirlcore era and we aren't mad. Donning an embellished grey jumpsuit, thigh-high boots, sunglasses and a cowboy hat the star attended the Luar show.
Purple might not be everyone's colour but it sure is Nicky Hilton's. The star wore a pair of twinkling sequin trousers and a purple turtleneck to attend the Michael Kors show.
Sporting a longline black tuxedo coat, a white strapless dress, black leather gloves and heels, actress Naomi Watts attended the Khaite show looking like a monochromatic vision.
 Rachel Zoe attended the Carolina Herrera show in a two-piece suit from the brand, a white fur coat and a red bag.
Gisele Bündchen proved her supermodel status en route to the Frame Spring 2024 Campaign Celebration Dinner. The model wore an all-black leather ensemble consisting of knee-high boots, a mini skirt and a trench coat.
Model and Muse Barbara Palvin chose a striking twinkling jacket and mini dress combo in midnight blue to attend the Tory Burch show.
AnnaSophia Robb donned opaque knee-high socks and metallic silver shoes for the Tory Burch show. She paired her coquette core socks with a white coat and mini dress.
In true 'it' girl fashion Alexa Chung spiced up her long coat with a pair of bright red socks and square-toed heels to attend the Tory Burch show.
Alexa Chung kept things casual for the Proenza Schouler fashion show in a white blazer and black trouser ensemble.
Coco Rocha proves Barbie core obsolete just yet, sporting an all-pink outfit outside of Lapointe.
Bella Thorne is in her mob wife era, styling an oversized fur-printed puffer coat with a slick back hairstyle and bold earrings.
Olivia Palermo attends the Jason Wu show in a striking black and white printed gown styled over a knitted turtleneck.
A glowing pregnant Sofia Richie showed up to the Tommy Hilfiger show in a trench coat, red trousers and a bold gold necklace ensemble.
Queen Anna was of course wearing a pair of dark-tinted sunglasses outside the Prabal Gurung show. She paired her signature specs with a brown leather coat over top of a stripe blue shirt dress.
The Upper East Side's most glamorous mom donned a simple cream dress with navy blue and red accents to attend the Tommy Hilfiger show. She styled her subtle ensemble with a striking red bag with white piping.
Resident New Yorker EmRata stunned in a zip-up blazer with micro shorts, paired with her beloved Puma Speedcats
Ashley wore a woodland-toned ruffled maxi dress with black Pumas.
Fashion week veteran Olivia stunned at L'agence's pre fashion week presentation in a glitzy jacket with statement lapels.
Romee Strijd oozed supermodel glamour in a sheer glitzy maxi with a plunge neck and haute hood.
Karol G gave major Rihanna street style vibes in baggy jeans with the waistband turned down, a t-shirt tucked to give a crop effect and slouchy knee-high boots.
Nicky opted for It-girl glamour in an embellished mini dress with silver peep-toe stilettos.
By entering your details, you are agreeing to HELLO! Magazine User Data Protection Policy. You can unsubscribe at any time. For more information, please click here.