If there’s one absolute essential we all need in our winter beauty bags, it's a good lip balm that helps fend of dry, chapped lips that are caused by a combination of the cold weather, low humidity and harsh winds.
 Although we all have our old faithfuls like Vaseline’s Lip Therapy,  £8 here  for four, or a trusty tub of Carmex,  £3.49 here, that we fall back on year after year, it might be time to branch out, especially when the latest product to come from Rihanna’s Fenty Beauty brand is a lip balm done in collaboration with her rapper boyfriend, A$AP Rocky. 
 The Lux Balm Ultra-Hydrating Cherry Lip Balm with Barbados Cherry + Vitamin E,  £16 here, is powered by Barbados Cherry to help strengthen and revive dry, chapped lips with an instant hit of hydration whilst giving them a natural-looking finish. 
It also contains a blend of butters and oils that not only nourishes and conditions them, but leaves them feeling soft and looking plump and juicy, making it the perfect product to add to our daily beauty routine.
Some of its hero ingredients include Barbados Cherry Extract, which is rich in antioxidants to help condition and revive your lips, whilst the sweet cherry oil gives them a healthy dose of hydration to moisturise and soften them.
Also included in the ingredients list are murumuru, mango, cocoa and shea butters to nourish and renew those chapped, dry and sore lips that are all too familiar in the winter, whilst the vitamin E and avocado oil both condition and soothe them thank to their high levels of vitamins and antioxidants.
 The beauty of a  lip balm  is that it doesn’t interrupt your usual beauty regime, either. You can create a perfectly crafted full-faced look, using the balm as a base (or top layer) for your lip look to keep your pout hydrated, or you can use it as a final step in your skincare routine for days when you feel like being a bare-faced beauty. 
 The Lux Balm Ultra-Hydrating Cherry Lip Balm with Barbados Cherry + Vitamin E,  £16 here, has now officially launched on the Fenty Beauty website, with fans going wild in the brand’s Insta comments after the collab was launched. 
“Okay okayyyyyy *adds to cartttt*” wrote one, whilst another said: “It’s a NEEEED not a want.”
“All the boys about to have Fenty in their men purses” said a third, whilst another joked: “Let me get one of them balms. Does it come with a supportive partner???”
Sadly, we can confirm that a rapper boyfriend of your very own is not included in the £16 price tag, however, if it’s good enough for one of our fave celeb couples, it’s definitely good enough for us.