Today's Digital Daily	
			



	
			Today's Digital Daily	
			

Lively launched Blake Brown on July 31.
Senior Trending News Writer

	If you purchase an independently reviewed product or service through a link on our website, WWD may receive an affiliate commission.

Blake Lively‘s hair care line has generated $16 million in media impact value within one week, Launchmetrics revealed on Wednesday. MIV is a proprietary metric that assigns a true monetary value to marketing strategies across print, online and social media in order to calculate return on investment.

	Lively revealed Blake Brown via Instagram on July 31. Her brand introduces a routine that simplifies the hair care process by eliminating the need for conditioner.




			You May Also Like		






	“Seven years in the making, and now my secret is yours,” the actress wrote. “We couldn’t have worked harder to make you a handful of products so good that they speak entirely for themselves. I can’t wait for you to give them a try.”

	










	Lively joins several other celebrities within the hair care space: Beyoncé debuted her line Cécred in February, while Rihanna expanded her Fenty Beauty umbrella in June, launching Fenty Hair.

	Speaking to WWD, Lively discussed her decision to enter the beauty industry. The “It Ends With Us” star also owns two beverage brands, Betty Buzz and Betty Booze, which are named for her third daughter with husband Ryan Reynolds.

	“I’ve been developing [Blake Brown] for seven years now — with this and Betty Buzz, I wanted to be building and creating and working but not on a film set every day,” Lively said. “I took four years off of acting to focus on my passions outside of that, and with this company, we went through literally years trying the formulas.”

Available now in Target and at blakebrownbeauty.com, the line comprises eight different products, including shampoos, hair masks, a leave-in treatment and a mousse. Prices range from $18.99 to $24.99.

	Blake Brown’s offerings are inspired by Lively’s own hair care ethos, which involves alternating between systems of keratin-rich and moisturizing formulas. All products are vegan and cruelty-free and they feature an array of different fragrances.

	“My philosophy on hair was something I learned from people who knew what they were doing. After my first [acting] job, my hair was really broken and I didn’t know how to make it better. Someone said to me to use a shampoo and mask with keratin, and then you need a nourishing system to give you elasticity,” Lively said.
Sign up for WWD news straight to your inbox every day
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
WWD and Women's Wear Daily are part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All Rights Reserved.