When it comes to high-profile couple style, many A-list duos love to coordinate outfits. Whether it’s Rihanna and A$AP Rocky or Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce, there is a united approach to dressing going on in Hollywood, with loads of celebrities stepping out in complementary, paparazzi-ready pieces. That being said, a handful of couples embrace individuality instead. The Biebers have polar-opposite style, sticking to their own unique tastes while (seemingly) not caring what their significant other wears. Another duo who favors this approach? Selena Gomez and Benny Blanco, who were spotted during date night in last evening in Los Angeles, wearing two drastically different looks.
In her velvet blazer, high-waisted jeans, and pointed pumps, Gomez opted for a polished and timeless look; it ties into her more refined, elegant style as of late. Blanco, meanwhile, went for more of a statement in his graphic camp-collar shirt, oxblood trousers, and cowboy boots. Talk about a juxtaposition. But who says they have to be matchy-matchy? As long as they hold the same values and life aspirations—their closet doesn’t have to be shared, too!
I Just Got Back From L.A. and Everyone Was Wearing Autry Medalist Low Sneakers
Amal Clooney Is All About Rib-Grazing Denim for Spring
How to Dress Like the Olsen Twins This Spring and Summer 2025
Rihanna Dresses Cozy and Classic to Solo Dine at Her Favorite Restaurant
Sign up for Vogue Shopping to receive the insider’s guide to what to shop and how to wear it
Listen to The Run-Through with Vogue, a weekly podcast featuring the most exciting stories and hot takes from the worlds of culture, politics, sports and–of course–fashion
Never miss a Vogue moment and get unlimited digital access for just $2 $1 per month.
The Vogue Runway app has expanded! Update to the latest version to see all Vogue content, as well as new features like our Runway Genius quiz, Group Chats, and posts from Vogue contributors.
Explore the Runway Image Archive where you can access over 1.2 million runway images from past and present fashion shows.
More from Vogue
See More Stories
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Vogue may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
CN Fashion & Beauty