For using his likeness in a political commercial.
Source: Jason Mendez / Getty
Donald Trump has yet another legal issue at hand. Charlamagne Tha God has filed a cease-and-desist against the Republican nominee.
As spotted on Blavity, the media personality has taken issue with the convicted felon. A recent political advertisement features a clip from The Breakfast Club where he and DJ Envy discuss Kamala Harris’ advocacy for offering transgender prisoners sex change procedures. According to Vibe, he has since sent Trump’s office a cease-and-desist notification requesting his image and likeness be removed from the advertisement. “Cease-and-desist been sent,” Charlamagne announced adding, “Since when does Trump care about what’s legal!?”
While it appears the Moncks Corner, S.C., native isn’t in favor of her support, he would go on to clarify that Harris’ stance makes sense to him. “I’ll tell you what, that ad they was running during the football games this weekend claiming the vice president supports funding gender transition surgeries for all prison inmates and migrants in the U.S., that was nuts,” he explained at the time. “That ad was effective,” he added. “It literally said that Kamala supports taxpayer-funded sex changes for prisoners, and it talks about how, you know, she supports funding gender transition surgeries for all prison inmates and migrants in the United States. That ad was impactful.”
This is not the first time Donald Trump has been accused of using unauthorized material. Back in 2018, he was using Rihanna’s music during his rallies to which the singer sent him a cease-and-desist. In August 2024, he played “Hold On, I’m Coming” by Isaac Hayes at his rally. Soon after, the estate filed a lawsuit against him, and a federal judge has ordered that his campaign stop playing the song.
You can view the Donald Trump advertisement below.


Charlamagne Tha God Files Cease-And-Desist Against Donald Trump 
						was originally published on
						hiphopwired.com



									Contact Us								

									About								

									Advertising								

									Top 10 Hood Beverages								

									Rep. Jasmine Crockett Wants To Take On Trump In An IQ Test								

									10 Video Vixens Then & Now [PHOTOS]								

									Ray J & Kim Kardashian Sex Tape Gained $1.4M In Sales In 6 Weeks								

									DIRTY DOZEN: Uncle Ruckus' Most Racist Moments								

					We care about your data. See our privacy policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.