By BETHAN EDWARDS FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  11:51, 7 April 2024   |  Updated:  18:26, 7 April 2024   
 28
View  comments
Rihanna exuded superstar glamour in a long white satin coat while enjoying a night in Los Angeles on Saturday. 
The singer, 36, turned heads in the oversized number which she teamed with several eye catching pearl necklaces as she arrived for dinner at Giorgio Baldi.
She looked effortlessly cool as she tucked a graphic white T-shirt into a pair of blue ripped denim jeans.
The Umbrella hitmaker added inches to her frame in a pair of Gucci heels and carried her belongings in a stylish black Dior saddle handbag. 
Wearing her long blonde tresses in a neat curled up do, Rihanna completed her evening outfit with a pair of Gucci sunglasses.
Rihanna exuded superstar glamour in a long white satin coat while enjoying a night in Los Angeles on Saturday
The singer, 36, turned heads in the oversized number which she teamed with several eye catching pearl necklaces as she arrived for dinner at Giorgio Baldi
Her sighting comes just a few months after the S&M songstress received a letter from PETA urging her to stop wearing fur. 
'As a mother, you know what it's like to feel protective and to want to make sure no harm comes to your family,' wrote PETA's senior vice president Lisa Lange. 
'Please understand that this desire — this instinct even — is shared by minks, foxes and rabbits who are torn away from their families and killed for fur.'
The singer and her boyfriend A$AP Rocky share two little sons - RZA, who turns two in May, and Riot Rose, who will turn one this coming August. 
In January, A$AP Rocky began trial proceedings over allegations that he repeatedly shot at his teenage friend and onetime bandmate A$AP Relli.
A$AP Rocky, aka Rakim Meyers, is facing two felony counts of assault with a semiautomatic firearm and has pled not guilty to all charges.
Rihanna and A$AP Rocky became parents of two in August of this past year when the singer gave birth to their son Riot Rose.
The power couple got together in late 2020 and are also the proud parents of a one-year-old son called RZA (pronounced 'Rizzuh').
She looked effortlessly cool as she tucked a graphic white T-shirt into a pair of blue ripped denim jeans
The Umbrella hitmaker added inches to her frame in a pair of Gucci heels and carried her belongings in a stylish black Dior saddle handbag
Wearing her long blonde tresses in a neat curled up do, Rihanna completed her evening outfit with a pair of Gucci sunglasses
The songstress was a vision of style 
Rihanna sensationally announced her second pregnancy while performing the halftime show at this year's Super Bowl.
She allowed her red jacket to slide down her shoulders, proudly revealing the blossoming baby bump in full evidence underneath.
In doing so, she achieved a historic milestone as the first-ever performer to play the Super Bowl halftime show while pregnant. 
In a British Vogue interview published shortly after the Super Bowl, she reflected on the 'legendary' experience of becoming a mother.
'It’s everything. You really don’t remember life before, that’s the craziest thing ever,' Rihanna marveled to the magazine.
'You literally try to remember it – and there are photos of my life before – but the feeling, the desires, the things that you enjoy, everything, you just don’t identify with it because you don’t even allow yourself mentally to get that far, because…. Because it doesn’t matter,' the Barbadian bombshell reflected.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group