By HEIDI PARKER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  18:22, 19 December 2024   |  Updated:  18:25, 20 December 2024   
 48
View  comments
Kyle Richards' ex Mauricio Umansky, 54, was seen making out with a beautiful blonde woman in Aspen, Colorado this week.
The pretty lady is a model named Klaudia K who is 33-years-old. She is only five years older than his eldest daughter Alexa Umansky, 28.
She lives in Los Angeles but appears to have a Polish background.
Klaudia is a busy little bee as she also is an accomplished artist who makes colorful swirly prints that have a 1960s feel.
Often she takes daring selfies where she is only in her underwear as she poses topless.
The star likes to take hikes in the hills of Hollywood, was born on May 20, 1991 and eats gluten free, as learned from her Instagram page.
She is represented as a model by One Model Management. 
Kyle Richards ' ex Mauricio Umansky, 54, was seen making out with a beautiful blonde woman in Aspen, Colorado this week
The pretty lady is a model named Klaudia K who is 33-years-old
She is only five years older than his eldest daughter Alexa Umansky, 28. She lives in Los Angeles 
 Mauricio was seen kissing Klaudia this week when in Aspen.
The two were dressed casually as they cuddled while outside the Japanese restaurant Matsuhisa in the snowy city.
The pair looked like smitten lovebirds as they enjoyed playing tourist in the ski town where he used to go with his family every year.
Earlier, Mauricio and Klaudia were seen shopping at a hat shop named Kemo Sabe. 
She also shared to Instagram photos from The Pink Pussycat in Aspen suggesting they hung out there.
This comes after his ex Kyle accused the real estate brokerage house owner of having a midlife crisis. 
Mauricio last dated Nikita Kahn. 
Here the model and artist is seen is a Burberry bikini while on the beach in Santa Monica, California in September
Klaudia is a busy little bee as she also is an accomplished artist who makes colorful swirly prints that have a 1960s feel
Klaudia, 5ft8in, wore a black top and worn in wide-legged jeans.
Mauricio looked dressed for the outdoors with a flannel shirt over a white T-shirt and slacks but no coat.
They were seen arm in arm then getting close before she went in for a kiss with the reality TV star. 
Kyle, who split from Mauricio in July 2023 after 27 years of marriage, is a fan of Kemo Sabe, the hat shop Mauricio and Klaudia were spotted in.
She famously featured Kemo Sabe on Real Housewives of Beverly Hills and even gifted Rihanna a $900 hat there during a chance encounter. 
Kyle seems to not be happy with her ex. She said: 'I would say this to his face - which I actually have - but kind of watching how he's been navigating through this situation there's been times I thought "Oh this is giving major midlife crisis vibes."
'All the way down to a car he bought for our house in Aspen that I just call the "midlife crisis mobile.'
Often she takes daring selfies where she is only in her underwear as she poses topless
The star likes to take hikes in the hills of Hollywood, was born on May 20, 1991 and eats gluten free, as learned from her Instagram page
She is represented as a model by One Model Management. Behind her is one of her pieces of art work
In this image the model had on a skimpy bra top and micro shorts
Mauricio seen with his four children; also seen was Kyle's oldest daughter Farrah Brittany Aldjufrie
Erika Jayne told her that she hopes he didn't buy a fast sports car considering the snowy conditions in Aspen.
Kyle replied: 'It's just a big monster truck like the outside is like rough sandpapery and it's got these big wheels. 
'It looks like a monster coming through town. It's not like one you see around and everyone stares and you're like "oh god."'
Mauricio's outing comes after a devastating detail regarding his and Kyle's contentious split surfaced on a recent RHOBH episode.
She was married to Umansky from 1996 until their split in 2023.
They were living together for several months in 2023 but have now moved to their own residences.
They are parents to three daughters.
They are Alexia, 28, Sophia, 24, and Portia, 16.
He is also stepfather to Kyle's daughter Farrah Aldjufrie, 35, from her first marriage to Guraish Aldjufrie. 
During the show, Kyle revealed that Mauricio had swapped out a photo of him and Kyle with a photo of him and his Dancing With the Stars partner from Season 32, Emma Slater.
The housewives were stunned by this story, and so were fans, who wasted no time in taking to social media to bash Umansky.
Umansky and Slater had tongues wagging in October 2023 when they were spotted holding hands after dinner. 
The duo quickly shut down dating rumors, chalking it up to friendship—but the gossip train didn’t stop there.
Not long after the speculation cooled, Mauricio turned up the heat with a passionate airport kiss in Greece, locking lips with 33-year-old actress Nikita. 
By August, the romance was in full swing as the pair indulged in a luxe getaway at the One&Only Mandarina resort near Puerto Vallarta.
This comes after his ex Kyle accused the real estate brokerage house owner of having a midlife crisis
Kyle was married to Umansky from 1996 until their split in 2023 (pictured 2018)
In May, Kyle confirmed publicly that Mauricio had moved out of their home in Encino, California and into a West Hollywood bachelor pad.
She said this change was very challenging at times, especially when it came to filming. 
'Shooting scenes after he moved out was very difficult,' Kyle said to Us Weekly. 
'We were catching up in front of the cameras, so emotions were raw. He would check on me, and I was just a mess sometimes,' she added.
Meanwhile, Kyle has sparked rumors of a budding romance with country singer Morgan Wade.
The Halloween actress and Wade have been spending time together, fueling speculation with their undeniable chemistry and matching tattoos.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group