Louisiana women aren't like any other women in the world. We are amazing wives, moms, and friends, and if you get us something we don't like for Mother's Day, we will tell you! Cajun women in South Louisiana certainly don't hold back their thoughts.
Now, does this put the pressure on you? Well, we understand. We aim to help you out with what to get your mom for Mother's Day and all of the other special women in your life who are mothers.
Mother's Day became a national holiday in 1914, and its origins stem from Anna Jarvis according to history.com. When Anna's mother died in 1905 she conceived of the idea of having a day to honor mothers for all of the sacrifices they make for their children.
Moms of Louisiana, we hope your Mother's Day will be filled with the things that you love.
If you are the person looking for the perfect gift we have some thoughts on what Louisiana women are not interested in for Mother's Day.
Moms are busy people! The whole world seems to fall on Mom's shoulders. Thinking about it, mom is constantly cooking, cleaning, working, taking care of the kids, and married women take care of their husbands.
Moms are exhausted! No matter what, DO NOT GIVE A LOUISIANA WOMAN A GYM MEMBERSHIP. Even if you think you are doing something good, it's not going to end up being a good situation.
A businesswire.com survey of women shows they don't want a gym membership. And, let's just use this example from metroparent.com which points out that it's not the way she "wants to spend "me time".
She looks great, just the size she is! If you want to help her improve her self-esteem, write her a letter about how much you love, EXACTLY AS SHE IS! This is sure to bring tears of joy and love when she reads it!
Here's a better idea!!! Get Mom some crawfish!
Are you noticing a theme here? You should never give a woman, on any holiday, a gift that implies she is fat or that she needs to lose weight.
This little piece of advice is probably obvious, but can you imagine if you did do this? The results would be terrible.
One of the highest-ranking gifts on a holiday gift survey not to give your significant other is a weight loss item, and that includes a certificate for any popular weight loss program!
Again, the translation if you give this kind of gift is, "Hey fattie, you need to lose some weight" and you would NEVER say that to a Cajun woman.
Instead of weight loss gifts, you should her give her a gift certificate for Baskin Robbins Ice Cream. This is so much better:
Lingerie sounds like a great gift for a Cajun woman, right? Wrong, and it's only wrong because that's really a GIFT FOR YOU!
Now, if she asks for lingerie, then by all means, purchase away, just make sure you get a receipt!
If she doesn't ask for lingerie, then pick a gift that will truly be only for her, and if you are in doubt you can always get a gift card. But, if you get a gift card, it's not a bad idea to print out pictures of tasteful items she would like.
Instead, give Mom a gift card from Coffeeweed Cottage. She can pick from food, beverages, books, candles, gifts and get what she wants!
Dogs, cats, and other animals are just amazing creatures. They comfort us and they give us unconditional love.
But, if someone hasn't specifically asked for a pet, don't do it. It's so much responsibility.
The ASPCA's position on this is simple,
The ASPCA recommends the giving of pets as gifts only to people who have expressed a sustained interest in owning one, and the ability to care for it responsibly.
You don't want to give a mother something else to take care of.
Instead of giving a pet, you should take Mom to Zoosiana!! It's such a fun place!!!
Now, ladies, we all know that these are expensive, but gentlemen, if your lovely Cajun lady has specifically asked for wrinkle cream, still don't give her any.
When you do give a Cajun woman wrinkle cream, she's going to think she's ugly!
And let's face it.....have you ever seen an ugly Louisiana woman??? Nope, they are all beautiful.
Mom is beautiful so why not show her with jewelry? Every woman loves jewelry!
Whether it's a mop of the latest, greatest, and updated Swiffer mop, do not give a Louisiana woman a mop!
Any cleaning tool just screams, "Your cleaning just really stinks!". While men are going to love if you gift them a tool, like protoolreviews.com suggests, a Louisiana woman is going to be, "mad, mad" if you get her a mop!
Look, if you do decide that you still want to give her cleaning items don't be surprised if she mops the floor with you!
Give your mom something can use to pamper herself! Give her a gift card to Spa Mizan!
Look, Cajun men and women know how to cook, and the last thing they need is another pot. A Cajun woman knows how to cook! She doesn't need a pot!
Listen, you are probably a good cook, and you know your Cajun woman is a great cook, so when you give her a pot you are suggesting that she DOESN'T COOK WELL!
Now, if she specifically asks for a particular pot or cooking appliance, then the above rule no longer applies! If she asks for it, then you run right out and get that woman what she wants because she has to put up with you!
Now that you know what NOT to buy, here is a link to videos of women talking about what they DO want.
Give her a gift card to Martez Eatz! Why should mom cook?
Need More Ideas on What to Get Mom for Mother's Day? Here are some more ideas:
Check out Ally's Freeze Dried Candy:
You should get a gift card from Riverfront in Abbeville, they have delicious food:
Let your Mom decide what she would like at Flawless Aesthetic and Anti-Aging. Check out some of the amazing things they offer:
If you want to get Mom a beautiful gift, you will find it at Neighbor's Pharmacy. They have tons of different kinds of items:
Make sure Mom gets the fuel she needs each day to be able to deal with you! Get a gift card to Classic Cup in Maurice!
Help Mom by getting her a gift card from Bougie Bar. She can use it for herself, or she can use it to send you with the kids for a while!
Happy Mother's Day!