Rihanna has shown fans her natural look on Instagram.
The chart-topping Umbrella hitmaker went make-up free on Monday, showing off her brand-new Fenty Skin products. She filmed herself experimenting with her Hydra Vizor Huez sunscreen, starting off her clip with a clear face as part of her routine.
The 36-year-old started off her video explaining her product was a "tinted moisturized mineral SPF 30 sunscreen", saying: "And with this, I can stay protected and have a natural dew glow in my complexion." She uploaded the commentary to her grid.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Rihanna 'prepping for baby number three' and family is her 'number one priority' amid pregnancy buzz
In the caption she wrote: "Don't sleep on these skin benefits, instantly brightens for a more even complexion, instantly hydrates for plump, bouncy skin, improve elasticity, the look of dark spots, pores, fine lines + wrinkles over time," the post added.
"#HydraVizorHuez available in 10 inclusive, flexible shades- shop online and in-store at @sephora, #sephoraxkohls, @theofficialselfridges, @bootsuk + fentyskin.com." Fans flocked to the post's comment section to talk about the make-up.
"No more makeup we want songs now," wrote one follower. Someone else said: "She definitely forgot that she's a SINGER." In her clip, Rihanna explains that her product "works as daily moisturizer that is under your makeup, or you can go ahead and just wear this out as your little no-makeup makeup look."
She added: "And if you don't use sunscreen, you got me SPF'd up. Once you try it, it's a bit addictive tbh, lol! The creaminess, the shades, the experience while applying, the end result." She says it "works seamlessly under makeup and leaves no white cast".
It comes after news Rihanna might be soon preparing to have another baby as the singer's family is her "number one priority", a psychic has said. Inbaal Honigman's comments came amid speculation that the singer might be pregnant less than a year after welcoming her second baby boy with her rapper boyfriend A$AP Rocky, 35. The rumours began after the two hitmakers stepped out for a date night on Mother's Day earlier this month and were pictured in New York City.
Ms Honigman has now analysed Tarot cards regarding the singer's baby plans and unveiled the results of her readings to us. The psychic said that when asking about the couple's baby plans, Rihanna receives the "IX Hermit" Tarot card, which indicates that the singer will have another baby even if she is "in no rush" - and that family is her number one priority.
According to the psychic, since the Hermit card relates to the Virgo sign, it is possible that in September Rihanna may feel that it is time to try for another baby. Ms Honigman told the Mirror : "When asking the Tarot about Rihanna and A$AP Rocky's baby plans, Rihanna receives the 'IX Hermit' Tarot card, which is wise and indoorsy."
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.