Could an A$AP Rocky and Drake battle be brewing??
Source: Jackson Lee / Getty
Drake might consider himself a certified lover boy, but the man does seem to be a bit toxic as he threw some darts Rihanna’s way on his last album, For All The Dogs.
Luckily for Riri, she’s boo’d up with a man by the name of A$AP Rocky, and unlike Pardison Fontaine, Rocky isn’t letting any man slander his queen. On Kid Cudi’s new cut “WOW,” the Harlem rapper shot an arrow right back at the King of the North in the name of his woman.
After hearing Drake subliminally diss Rihanna on “Fear of Heights,” and then taking a shot at Rocky on “Another Late Night,” in which he said, “I ain’t Pretty Flacko, b-tch, this shit get really Rocky/ Damn, what? Dirty how I did him in the Wraith,” Rocky seemingly decided it was time to clap back with a little something of his own. On his verse for “WOW,” he apparently did just that. After dropping some bars speaking about how he and his “vamp bae got our own handshake,” he added “These ni**as can’t stomach me, gotta go get a mandrake.”
Could that have been Rocky rubbing his relationship with Rihanna in Drizzy’s face and then topping it off with a subliminal dart? Could be anybody’s guess at this point, but we feel like this isn’t the end of this back-and-forth. Though a mandrake is a root plant used to treat stomach issues and makes perfect sense to add to a bar talking about the guys not being able to stomach A$AP Rocky, it seems less like a coincidence following lines talking about his relationship with Rihanna. Just sayin’.
Check out the track below. Let us know if you think A$AP Rocky is taking shots at Drake or if this is much ado about nothing in the comments section.

Related Tags


									From Bad Boy To Sad Boy: Diddy Looking Rough In Court Sketch								

									Donald Trump Labeled A Moron After Failing To Recognize "MS-13" On Kilmar Abrego Garcia's Hand Was Photoshopped								

									Meek Mill Caught Slippin’ With Two Snow Bunnies, Fans Get Their Dr.Umar On								

									In The Mix: 10 Biracial Rappers Who May Surprise You [PHOTOS]								

									Megan Thee Stallion Kicks off Hot Girl Summer 2K25 With Spicy Visual For "Whenever"								

									Candace Owens The Latest Donald Trump Fan To Regret Support For Felon 47 Following  Attacks On Universities								

									14 Celebrities You Didn’t Know Were Asian								

									Mike Jones Still Tippin’ & Still Answering The Same Number 20 Years Later								

						This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and
						Terms of Service apply.
						

					We care about your data. See our privacy policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.