A former employee of Boots has revealed a simple trick to get £4 makeup and skincare from brands like Liz Earle, Fenty and No7, which many shoppers are unaware of. Bethan Shufflebotham, a reporter who worked at Boots during her university years, developed a knack for identifying which products are truly worth the investment and which ones aren't.
Currently, she recommends one beauty box that is definitely worth exploring, allowing shoppers to grab premium brand makeup and skincare from brands like Fenty, Liz Earle, r. e.m and more for less than £4 each.
She reveals that the Boots Limited Edition Buyers Picks Beauty Box costs £45, but contains high-end products with an estimated value of £156.95. This means shoppers save around £110 on the RRP.
 The box contains 12 products, six of which are full-sized, equating to £3.75 per item. Given that some of the products alone are worth £20-25, the box pays for itself in just two products, making the rest essentially 'free', reports the Manchester Evening News. 
Bethan herself uses the box. Here's what she had to say:
The Buyers Picks edit comes in a fun, leopard print box which makes it ideal for gifting. However, some beauty boxes I've tried recently, like the Liberty Sun, Set, Glow kit, or the Boots Wanderlust Mini's edit, come in wash bags that can be reused time and again which I've really enjoyed, too.
Inside, there's a fantastic selection of makeup, skincare, haircare and body care products, with an even split between full-sized and miniatures. While full-sized products are always a highlight of a beauty edit like this, those smaller samples shouldn't be underestimated, as they're a brilliant way to try out products before committing to full-sized, as well as being perfect for taking on holiday so as not to add bulk or weight to your packing.
My top three products in this haul have to be the Fenty Beauty Gloss Bomb in the shade Fussy, worth £19. I'm already a devotee of the Rihanna-owned brand's 'Fenty Glow' shade, and this pinker option will be a fantastic addition to my cosmetics collection.
Not to mention the fact it has a delicious peach-vanilla scent. I'm also incredibly excited to try the r. e.m beauty highlighter topper, worth £24, from Ariana Grande's beauty brand. The champagne pink shade feels like it will be perfect for my paler, cool-toned skin, while the Milk Makeup Baked Bronzer stick will work wonders for warming up my complexion.
I already use their blush and contour sticks, so can attest to their quality. And don't be fooled by its size - these last absolutely ages.
On the skincare front, the Liz Earle Cleanse and Polish is one of my go-to cleansers for its indulgent spa-like scent, so I already know this will be used up before the year is out. And as well as reuniting me with old faithfuls, these beauty boxes also allow you to discover new favourites, like The INKEY List Vitamin B, C and E Moisturizer and Shiseido Benefiance Eye Cream.
As is often the case with curated edits like this, with so much packed in, it's unlikely that shoppers will love every single item inside. Or even if they do love them, they may already have it and find themselves double-parked with products.
 In my case, I'm already partway through a large tub of the Sol De Janeiro Drench Body Butter, so I gave this smaller version to my sister-in-law to try. I also already have an Urban Decay All Nighter Setting Spray and Philip Kingsley Elasticizer, but it does provide an opportunity to start putting bits away for Christmas, as these always make great stocking fillers for friends and family. 
You can take a look at the contents below to decide if it's for you:
r.e. m beauty INTERSTELLAR HIGHLIGHTER TOPPER MISS SATURN 8g Full Size - £24.
Liz Earle Cleanse and Polish 100ml tube and 1 cotton cloth Full Size - £20.
Fenty Beauty Gloss Bomb Fussy 9ml Full Size - £19.
Urban Decay All Nighter Setting Spray 15ml - £15.50.
Shiseido Benefiance Eye Cream 3ml - £14.40.
No7 Limited Edition Lipstick Heavenly 3.3g Full Size - £12.95.
Philip Kingsley Elasticizer 40ml - £12.50.
Milk Makeup Baked Bronzer Deluxe 3g - £11.
The INKEY List Vitamin B, C and E Moisturizer 50ml Full Size - £9.
No7 Limited Edition Lip Liner Starry nights 0.17g Full Size - £7.95.
Bobbi Brown Soothing Cleansing Oil 15ml - £7.50.
Sol De Janeiro Drench Body Butter 25ml - £7.
Boots shoppers have been quick to praise the retailer's latest beauty box, which has earned an impressive 4.9-star rating on their website. Customers are touting it as 'good quality for a bargain price.
' One shopper expressed their delight, saying: "I love a beauty box. It's a present to myself and a way of trying different products without having to shell out on the full size products plus they are the perfect size for traveling."
Another satisfied customer shared: "I treated myself to this and was so chuffed when I collected it! I love that I knew exactly what products were included so there would be no waste. I would definitely purchase again. I am fair-skinned and many products were perfect! ".
One reviewer, despite not being fond of the lipstick shade, still found value in the box, stating: "I loved all the products except the lipstick which just wasn't my colour but I can live with that. Very nice present for myself".
And another added: "An opportunity to enjoy using products I would not have bought at the original prices, so overall good quality for a bargain price."
Elsewhere, Glossybox's Summer Beauty Bag 2024 offers shoppers the chance to grab a £55 Medik8 eye cream for just £4. The entire haul is priced at £40, but boasts a value of over £150, and includes 10 beauty, skincare and haircare products.
For those seeking something a bit more luxurious, Liberty's Sun, Set, Glow edit is priced at £115 , but carries a worth of £377, saving over £260 on the RRP. Alternatively, the Limited Edition Buyers Picks Beauty Box is available here for £45.