Salma Hayek and Penelope Cruz have been waiting two decades for Beyoncé to drop an album like Cowboy Carter.
Salma shared a series of photos on Instagram Wednesday, featuring shots of the actress wearing a cowboy hat with her Cowboy Carter shirt, as well as set images of her and Cruz from the 2006 movie Bandidas. "Dear @beyonce, Penélope and I have been waiting 20 YEARS for this album," she wrote in the caption. "FINALLY, it was worth it. 🤠"
Miley Cyrus also took a moment to show her love for Beyoncé by posting several photos and clips proving how big of a fan she has been of the singer. Miley appears on the song "II Most Wanted" off Cowboy Carter.
In one of the videos, Cyrus opens up about performing with "two of the biggest legends and icons," Beyoncé and Rihanna, at the 2008 Stand Up to Cancer telethon, revealing they treated her "like a little sister."
Ahead of the release of Cowboy Carter, Beyoncé disclosed that the album came from a place where she felt unwelcomed. The experience led her to explore the history of country music.
"The criticisms I faced when I first entered this genre forced me to propel past the limitations that were put on me," she wrote. "act ii is a result of challenging myself, and taking my time to bend and blend genres together to create this body of work."
Even though Cowboy Carter contains elements of country music, Beyoncé previously stated she would not classify the album as such. "This ain’t a Country album," she explained. "This is a 'Beyoncé' album."
Following its release, Beyoncé made it a point to show her appreciation for Black female country artists K. Michelle and Mickey Guyton, who opened the door for her.
music | BY Jordan Rose
7 Things You Need to Know About Beyoncé’s ‘Cowboy Carter’
music | BY Brianna Holt
How Beyoncé Is Igniting a ‘Reckoning’ in Country Music
music | BY Starr Savoy
Drake Responds to Salma Hayek’s IG Thirst Trap Celebrating 25 Million Followers: 'Let's Get Her to 50M ASAP'
Fanatics
TAKASHI MURAKAMI + DODGERS SHIRT BLUE
Fanatics
TAKASHI MURAKAMI + DODGERS SHIRT WHITE
Fanatics
TAKASHI MURAKAMI + DODGERS SHIRT BLACK
Takashi Murakami
Takashi Murakami + MLB World Tour Tokyo Series 2025 Surippa Ohana Cubs
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.