By LILY JOBSON FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  21:22, 22 January 2024   |  Updated:  12:23, 23 January 2024   
 41
View  comments
Rihanna and Natalie Portman shared a sweet moment at Paris Fashion Week as they bumped into each other while heading into the Haute Couture Dior show on Monday.
The singer, 35, and actress, 42, disclosed a hidden liking for one another which was captured in an adorable video, taken by photographer Stephane Feugere.
The duo stopped each other in their tracks to fangirl one another after meeting unexpectedly in the French capital.
Natalie gushed: 'I love you', while Rhianna quickly interrupted: 'I am a proper fan'.
Shocked at her response, the actress replied: 'Are you kidding me?'
Rihanna, 35, and Natalie Portman, 42, shared a sweet moment at Paris Fashion Week as they bumped into each other while heading into the Haute Couture Dior show on Monday
The singer and actress disclosed a hidden liking for one another which was captured in an adorable video by the public
Rihanna said: 'You are one of the hottest b****** in Hollywood forever. You have the most innocent look an I'm like "uhhh".'
Natalie added: 'I'm gonna faint. I love you and I listen to your music all the time, you're just such a queen and just thank you.'
Rihanna urged: 'Can somebody take a picture? So I like remember this happened tomorrow', while Natalie added: 'Please!!'
The singer added: 'I don't get excited to meet anybody, but I love you!'
After seeing the video, fans gushed to the comments in awe of their blossoming friendship and wrote: 'This literally means so much to me'.
'Two queens coming together for a joint slay' 
The iconic singer belted up a padded jacket and matching pencil skirt as she showed off her edgy sense of style.
Rihanna wore her quirky black ensemble with a cap and ruched leather gloves to the fashion show, which attracted some of the biggest celebrities.
The duo stopped each other in their tracks to fangirl one another after meeting unexpectedly in the French capital
Rihanna urged: 'Can somebody take a picture? So I like remember this happened tomorrow', while Natalie added: 'Please!!'
After seeing the video, fans gushed to the comments in awe of their blossoming friendship and wrote: 'This literally means so much to me'
The iconic singer Rihanna belted up a padded jacket and matching pencil skirt as she showed off her edgy sense of style
Natalie put on a leggy display in a black blazer and thigh-skimming skirt teamed with towering platform heels
The Disturbia songstress added a chic twist to her look with a pair of pointed white stilettos and a dazzling diamond necklace. 
Finishing off her outfit, Rihanna toted a classic patent leather textured Dior handbag and completed her flawless make-up look with heavily lined lips.
Rihanna and her partner A$AP Rocky, 35, made a low-key arrival to Paris on Sunday night with their young children.
The pop star sweetly doted on her eldest son RZA, 18 months, as she wrapped him up in a blanket on the way to the terminal.
Meanwhile A$AP carried their younger son Riot Rose Mayers, six months, as they touched down in Europe.
Natalie put on a leggy display in a black blazer and thigh-skimming skirt teamed with towering platform heels. 
She revealed her toned pins in the skimpy ensemble that also featured a plunging waistcoat, while her dark tresses were styled into tousled curls. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group