Is Drake ready for a new battle after having to take the "L" in his previous back-and-forth with Kendrick Lamar?
Source: Theo Wargo / Getty
Drake may be done going back and forth with Kendrick Lamar, but it seems like A$AP Rocky isn’t letting the King of the North off the hook that easily for speaking sideways about his queen, Rihanna.
Months after A$AP Rocky took a subliminal shot at Drake on Kid Cudi’s “WOW,” the Harlem rapper is at it again as he throws another indirect dart at the Canadian crooner for his transgressions on his 2023 song, “Fear Of Heights.” In a newly released cut dubbed, “HIGHJACK,” Rocky seems to continue to rub his relationship with Rihanna in his ops’ face with some bars saying, “These n*ggas want my wife bad, the people want my next track.”
While people may make of that what they want, Hot 97’s DJ Kast One recently attended a listening event for A$AP Rocky’s next album, Don’t Be Dumb, and according to HipHopDX, Pretty Flacko got a little something for Drizzy in the chamber ready to go.
Per HipHopDX:
After attending a listening event for the album, Kast One said on air: “I heard A$AP Rocky definitely addressing a lot of the main topics that are happening out there right now. Let’s just say the list keeps going on strong.”
Host Ebro Darden then asked whether “Rocky is still on Drake’s list,” with the DJ responding: “Oh, he’s gonna be cemented on the list after this.”
Whether Rocky’s shots at Drake are more subliminal bars or direct darts at the embattled Canadian king remains to be seen, but one has to wonder if Drake would even entertain another battle so soon after getting beaten, battered and bruised by the likes of Kung-Fu Kenny.
Check out “HIGHJACK” below, and let us know if A$AP Rocky vs. Drake is a battle you’d like to see, or if the two men should just let things go and move on with their lives.

Related Tags


									From Bad Boy To Sad Boy: Diddy Looking Rough In Court Sketch								

									Donald Trump Labeled A Moron After Failing To Recognize "MS-13" On Kilmar Abrego Garcia's Hand Was Photoshopped								

									Meek Mill Caught Slippin’ With Two Snow Bunnies, Fans Get Their Dr.Umar On								

									In The Mix: 10 Biracial Rappers Who May Surprise You [PHOTOS]								

									Megan Thee Stallion Kicks off Hot Girl Summer 2K25 With Spicy Visual For "Whenever"								

									Candace Owens The Latest Donald Trump Fan To Regret Support For Felon 47 Following  Attacks On Universities								

									14 Celebrities You Didn’t Know Were Asian								

									Mike Jones Still Tippin’ & Still Answering The Same Number 20 Years Later								

						This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and
						Terms of Service apply.
						

					We care about your data. See our privacy policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.