Billboard issued an apology to Taylor Swift on Thursday (Nov. 28, 2024) after the media giant faced backlash for including footage of an unauthorized nude wax figure of the pop star in a social media video.
As part of its ongoing reveal of top pop stars of the 21st century, Billboard had just named Swift as their No. 2 pick on Wednesday. To mark the announcement, they shared an Instagram video chronicling her rise to stardom.
The controversy erupted when the video incorporated a segment from Ye‘s 2016 “Famous” music video, which featured wax figures of several celebrities in the nude, including Swift, Rihanna, Chris Brown, Kim Kardashian, Donald Trump, and others.
Billboard used this clip while narrating the well-known feud between Swift and Ye (formerly Kanye West) and his ex-wife, Kim Kardashian.
“We are deeply sorry to Taylor Swift and all of our readers and viewers that in a video celebrating Swift’s achievements, we included a clip that falsely depicted her,” Billboard said in a statement posted on its social media pages. “We have removed the clip from our video and sincerely regret the harm we caused with this error.”
Swift had previously condemned the “Famous” video as “revenge porn” in a 2019 Tumblr post. Her dedicated fanbase, the Swifties, quickly mobilized against Billboard’s decision to use the clip, demanding an apology.
The hashtag #BillboardIsOverParty gained momentum on X Wednesday night as fans expressed their outrage.
We are deeply sorry to Taylor Swift and all of our readers and viewers that in a video celebrating Swift’s achievements, we included a clip that falsely depicted her. We have removed the clip from our video and sincerely regret the harm we caused with this error.
Plus, Cher, Mary Cosby, Jon Gosselin, Julien Arnold news, and more! Keep scrolling to check out today’s entertainment and pop culture news.
Cher is saying that her forthcoming album will probably be her last, but well, don’t bet on it. [Billboard]
Louis Vuitton has tapped tennis icons Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal for their new “Core Values” campaign. [Hypebeast]
Mary Cosby’s son, Robert Jr., revealed his battle with drug addiction during an emotional conversation on Wednesday’s episode of The Real Housewives of Salt Lake City. [Page Six]
Jon Gosselin is getting married! He’s proposed to Stephanie Lebo, his girlfriend of three years. [tooFab]
Actor Julien Arnold died onstage while performing in A Christmas Carol. [Deadline]
I don’t know what is up with the Daily Mail, but they’re claiming this: Britney Spears is FINALLY sober… and celibate! Insiders say she is ‘done with men,’ has ditched the drugs, and plans to become a billionaire. [Daily Mail]
Like most websites, Socialite Life uses affiliate links where available, which means we earn a little commission if you click through and buy something. Also, as Amazon Influencers, we earn from qualifying purchases. Savings shown are those from the date and time of this article’s publication.
Last update on 2025-05-02 / Affiliate links / Images from Amazon Product Advertising API
Sign in to your account
 Remember me