By JACQUELINE LINDENBERG FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  08:34, 16 January 2024   |  Updated:  21:42, 18 January 2024   
 15
View  comments
Harrison Ford and his wife Calista Flockhart sweetly held hands as they led stars at the Apple TV+ Primetime Emmy after party in Los Angeles on Monday. 
The Indiana Jones star, 81 - who recently paid a loving tribute to the Ally McBeal alum, 59, at the Critics Choice Awards - joined Flockhart for the festivities shortly after she made an appearance at the 75th Emmys. 
While presenting at the ceremony which was held at the Peacock Theater, the actress notably reunited with some of her Ally McBeal castmates: Greg Germann, Peter MacNicol, and Gil Bellows. 
As the adorable duo stopped by the after party at Mother Wolf, Harrison dressed for the occasion wearing a classic black suit as well as a white dress shirt underneath. 
The Oscar-nominated actor completed his look by adding a black tie and slipped into a pair of sleek, black dress shoes.  
Harrison Ford, 81, and his wife, Calista Flockhart, 59, sweetly held hands as they led stars at the Apple TV+ Primetime Emmy after party in Los Angeles on Monday
As the adorable duo stopped by the after party at Mother Wolf, the star dressed for the occasion wearing a classic black suit as well as a white dress shirt underneath
Flockhart also opted for a monochromatic ensemble which consisted of a black blouse which was tucked into the waist of loose-fitting trousers. 
She layered the look with a dazzling, sequin blazer that she chose to leave unbuttoned at the front. 
The beauty additionally donned a pair of stylish, black loafers and easily carried a dark navy, clutch bag in her hand to hold a few items she needed during the bash. 
Her blonde locks were parted in the middle, and effortlessly flowed down past her shoulders in light waves, easily revealing a pair of sparkling, silver earrings. 
Harrison and Calista were spotted strolling hand-in-hand as they arrived to the venue and stayed close to each other while also posing for snaps on the red carpet. 
Earlier in the evening, the actress was seen strutting on the 2024 Emmys red carpet solo while sporting a sleeveless, black dress that contained a shimmering, blue bodice with black ruffled details. 
She took to the stage during the ceremony for a memorable reunion with her fellow Ally McBeal co-stars before presenting the award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series to Kieran Culkin for his role in Succession. 
And on Sunday, the lovebirds notably made an appearance at the 29th Annual Critics Choice Awards where the Star Wars actor was the recipient of the Career Achievement award.  
The Oscar-nominated actor completed his look by adding a black tie and slipped into a pair of sleek, black dress shoes
Calista held a big smile on her face as her husband sweetly guided her as they made their way on the red carpet
Flockhart also opted for a monochromatic ensemble which consisted of a black blouse which was tucked into the waist of loose-fitting trousers
Ford was seen walking along the red carpet with a smile on his face while stopping by the glamorous party 
The beauty additionally donned a pair of stylish, black loafers and easily carried a dark navy, clutch bag in her hand to hold a few items she needed during the bash
Her blonde locks were parted in the middle, and effortlessly flowed down past her shoulders in light waves, easily revealing a pair of sparkling, silver earrings
The actor and his wife were also spotted arriving to the Mother Wolf shortly before the bash began 
Harrison and Calista were spotted strolling hand-in-hand as they arrived to the venue and stayed close to each other while also posing for snaps on the red carpet
Harrison enjoyed a drink with Ted Lasso star Jason Sudeikis 
Paul Walter Hauser went barefoot as he joined wife Amy Boland for a photo 
The lovebirds shared a kiss as they posed for a photo on the red carpet
Keeley Hazell looked lovely in a glittering silver gown 
Earlier in the evening, the actress was seen strutting on the 2024 Emmys red carpet solo while sporting a sleeveless, black dress that contained a shimmering, blue bodice with black ruffled details
While presenting at the ceremony, the actress notably reunited with some of her Ally McBeal castmates: Greg Germann, Peter MacNicol, and Gil Bellows
While tearfully accepting the award on stage, Harrison also paid a loving tribute to Calista - whom he tied the knot with in 2010. 
'I'd like to thank my lovely wife,' he emotionally stated. 'She supports me when I need a lot of support and I need a lot of support.' 
The star also added, 'I'm really happy to be here tonight to see what our business is turning into and all of the talented people that are getting opportunities that probably would not have existed in the early part of my career.' 
'I'm very happy about that. I'm here because of a combination of luck and the work of wonderful directors, writers, film makers. 
I feel enormously lucky. I'm happy for this honor and appreciate it very much. I'm grateful for all of the fine actors that I have worked with.'
Ford concluded the speech with, 'I'm deeply happy to have had the opportunities that I have had and I'm grateful. Thank you. I won't take any more of your time. Thank you.'
Other celebrities also stopped by the Apple TV+ party on Monday, including Patricia Arquette who was radiant in a long-sleeved, yellow ensemble that fell down to brush the ground. 
The top portion had a bow embellishment around the neckline for a fashionable flare to the eye-catching outfit.  
She also presented the award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series to Kieran Culkin for his role in Succession
While tearfully accepting the award on stage, Harrison also paid a loving tribute to Calista - whom he tied the knot with in 2010
Hannah Waddingham joined Jason Sudeikis as the pair posed together 
The actress looked in great spirits as she danced in a gorgeous black sparkly gown 
Hannah also posed alongside Brendan Hunt
Harrison and Calista looked positively radiant in snaps 
The couple were joined by Gil Bellows as the threesome beamed in the snaps 
Other celebrities also stopped by the Apple TV+ party on Monday, including Patricia Arquette who was radiant in a long-sleeved, yellow ensemble that fell down to brush the ground
The top portion had a bow embellishment around the neckline for a fashionable flare to the eye-catching outfit
The Medium alum was joined by her 20-year-old daughter, Harlow, whom she shares with ex-husband Thomas Jane
She held a black and gold-colored, clutch in her hand to coincide with the color scheme of her ensemble. 
Patricia's blonde locks were parted to the side and styled into light curls to create a retro hairstyle. 
The Medium alum was joined by her 20-year-old daughter, Harlow, whom she shares with ex-husband Thomas Jane. 
She donned a light blue, sleeveless gown that had sparkling, silver embellishments on the bodice. Harlow slipped into a pair of gold shoes, matching her mother's look for the night. 
Her dark locks were parted in the middle, and fell down straight past her shoulders and she easily held a dark gold coat in her hand. 
Britt Lower put on an elegant display wearing a white gown that contained lace details on the bodice as well as black, ruffled material on the cuffs. 
The hem of the dress - which was made of a material that shone under the bright lights - concealed that shoes that she had also opted to wear. 
Her hair was pulled back away from her face and styled into an up do, allowing her bangs to fall down straight onto her forehead.  
She donned a light blue, sleeveless gown that had sparkling, silver embellishments on the bodice. Harlow slipped into a pair of gold shoes, matching her mother's look for the night
Britt Lower put on an elegant display wearing a white gown that contained lace details on the bodice as well as black, ruffled material on the cuffs
Krys Marshall turned heads in an off-white dress that clung to her frame and had feathery details throughout the material
Cara Jade wowed in a long-sleeved, sparkling gold minidress that contained feathery details on the bottom portion as well as the arms
DJ Kiss showed off her figure in a fitted, silver halter-styled dress that contained a thigh-high slit on the right side for a sultry flare
Jason and Jonn Hamm looked incredible dapper in their suits 
Jason and Brendan were matching as they donned white suits with black bow ties 
Krys Marshall turned heads in an off-white dress that clung to her frame and had feathery details throughout the material. 
The For All Mankind actress draped a white blazer of her shoulders in case she grew chilly later in the night. 
She donned a pair of closed-toed pumps while also wearing a Sarah O 16.85ct diamond necklace, with matching earrings and a stunning diamond ring.
Marshall was also crossed paths with Tiffany Lonsdale who put on a colorful display in a dress that contained hues of pink, red and also orange. 
Cara Jade wowed in a long-sleeved, sparkling gold minidress that contained feathery details on the bottom portion as well as the arms. 
The Killers Of The Flower Moon star also wore a pair of open-toed, gold heels and allowed her hair to cascade down past her shoulders in elegant waves. 
DJ Kiss showed off her figure in a fitted, silver halter-styled dress that contained a thigh-high slit on the right side for a sultry flare. 
She slipped into a pair of open-toed heels that were secured with straps that wrapped around her ankles. 
The TV personality also added silver bracelets and dazzling earrings to accessorize the sequin ensemble. 
Aja Naomi was chic in a strapless, black dress that clung to her frame and fell down to brush the ground 
Tyner Rushing was chic in a colorful, floral dress which was layered with a black, leather jacket with fuzzy details
Wrenn Schmidt was classy in a dark, olive green dress that was made of a shimmering fabric and held up with thin straps
Lukita Maxwell was effortlessly stylish in a white, halter-styled minidress which she paired with black, crocodile-embossed boots
Nicole Beharie opted for an all-black outfit that comprised of loose-fitting pants as well as a semi-sheer top. 
The Sleepy Hollow actress layered the look with a black blazer and also donned a pair of open-toed black heels for a finishing touch. 
Her makeup was bold, and comprised of a smoky blue shadow around her eyes while her locks fell down in light waves past her shoulders. 
Aja Naomi was chic in a strapless, black dress that clung to her frame and fell down to brush the ground. The How To Get Away With Murder star opted to not add any jewelry to her look to allow the ensemble to be the main focal point. 
Her dark locks were slicked back into a stylish ponytail, preventing any loose strands from falling onto her face. 
Tyner Rushing was chic in a colorful, floral dress which was layered with a black, leather jacket with fuzzy details. 
The Terminal List actress also opted for a pair of black, heeled boots that offered a casual flare to the outfit. 
Maya Rose also put on a fashionable display in a skintight, black leather minidress that contained a hem that stopped inches above her knees. 
The star donned a pair of knee-high black boots and styled her locks into a sleek bun, easily revealing a pair of large, gold-hooped earrings. 
Her brunette locks were parted in the middle, and cascaded down past her shoulders in light waves
Kiersey Clemons was dressed to impress wearing a light blue minidress that contained a large, pink floral detail on the front 
Yael Grobglas was elegant in a silver, satin dress that shone under the bright lights while on the red carpet
Paloma Cinco turned heads wearing a sparkling, sequin gown that had a thigh-high slit on the right side, easily showing the black heels she also donned for the event 
Wrenn Schmidt was classy in a dark, olive green dress that was made of a shimmering fabric and held up with thin straps.  
The For All Mankind actress slipped into a pair of red shoes that offered a pop of color to the look. For a final touch, she added a gold necklace as well as dangly earrings to accessorize the outfit. 
Lukita Maxwell was effortlessly stylish in a white, halter-styled minidress which she paired with black, crocodile-embossed boots. 
Her brunette locks were parted in the middle, and cascaded down past her shoulders in light waves. 
Kiersey Clemons was dressed to impress wearing a light blue minidress that contained a large, pink floral detail on the front.
She donned a pair of white, knee-high socks as well as closed-toed, pink heels to complete her look for the bash. 
Yael Grobglas was elegant in a silver, satin dress that shone under the bright lights while on the red carpet.
The star opted to wear a pair of open-toed, heels and allowed her hair flow down in elegant waves past her shoulders. 
Cynthy Wu was chic in a pink gown that fell down towards the ground and contained a large bow embellishment at the back of the ensemble
Ted Lasso star, Jason Sudeikis, was dapper wearing a pair of black slacks as well as a white suit jacket
His co-star, Brett Goldstein, was also dressed for the occasion in a black tuxedo as well as a black dress shirt and bowtie
He also opted for a pair of sleek, dress shoes that were secured with laces and added a stylish watch on his left wrist
Jason and Brett were seen also crossing paths with fellow castmate James Lance while on the red carpet
The English actor sported a patterned suit as well as a matching vest and white dress shirt underneath
Weird Al Yankovic also stopped by the bash wearing a classic black suit which he paired with a white dress shirt and black bowtie 
Paloma Cinco turned heads wearing a sparkling, sequin gown that had a thigh-high slit on the right side, easily showing the black heels she also donned for the event. 
Cynthy Wu was chic in a pink gown that fell down towards the ground and contained a large bow embellishment at the back of the ensemble. 
Ted Lasso star, Jason Sudeikis, was dapper wearing a pair of black slacks as well as a white suit jacket. 
Underneath, the actor also donned a white dress shirt as well as a classic, black bowtie. To complete the look, he also slipped into a pair of shiny dress shoes. 
His co-star, Brett Goldstein, was also dressed for the occasion in a black tuxedo as well as a black dress shirt and bowtie. 
He also opted for a pair of sleek, dress shoes that were secured with laces and added a stylish watch on his left wrist. 
Jason and Brett were seen also crossing paths with fellow castmate James Lance while on the red carpet. The English actor sported a patterned suit as well as a matching vest and white dress shirt underneath. 
Weird Al Yankovic also stopped by the bash wearing a classic black suit which he paired with a white dress shirt and black bowtie. 
The star was spotted striking various funny poses while pausing for a quick photo session upon arriving to the after party 
He completed his look by wearing a pair of shiny, black dress shoes that were secured with laces
Yankovic threw his arms out into the air while posing for a photo on the red carpet 
Paul and Yankovic were spotted laughing together 
Kurt Russell was stylishly casual in a pair of dark denim jeans as well as a sweater and blazer while joined by his son, Wyatt Russell 
The father son duo flashed cheerful smiles as they stood on the red carpet together 
Nick Mohammed donned a dark navy suit as well as a colorful shirt underneath. For a final touch, he also donned a pair of sleek, brown shoes
Greg Germann opted for a classic black suit which he paired with a white dress shirt as well as a light blue tie 
Kurt Russell was stylishly casual in a pair of dark denim jeans as well as a sweater and blazer while joined by his son, Wyatt Russell, 37. 
Nick Mohammed donned a dark navy suit as well as a colorful shirt underneath. For a final touch, he also donned a pair of sleek, brown shoes.  
Kola Bokinni sported a black dress shirt which was tucked into loose-fitting trousers. He added a black tie around his neck but chose to not tie the piece. 
Greg Germann opted for a classic black suit which he paired with a white dress shirt as well as a light blue tie. 
Stephen Colbert was also seen with Evelyn McGee-Colbert and the couple were both glammed up in black ensembles for the festivities. 
Stephen Colbert was also seen with Evelyn McGee-Colbert and the couple were both glammed up in black ensembles for the festivities
Phil Dunster was seen laying a gentle kiss on the cheek of Ellie Heydon who wowed in a blue gown that flowed down into a train behind her
Bernadette Birkett and George Wendt were also spotted on the red carpet and held smiles on their faces at the bash
Bradley Thomas, Lucy Thomas, and Greg Kinnear were seen pausing for a memorable photo together while also at the star-studded event
Ted Lasso cast and crew also gathered together, including Chip Hamilton, Brett Goldstein, Nick Mohammed, James Lance, Zack Van Amburg, Sudeikis, and Kola Bokinni
The group once again having a blast on the red carpet and posing for more snaps 
Stephen Spielberg's son Sawyer and his wife Raye Levine cut a casual figure 
Kevin Sussman and his wife Addie Hall
Brendan posed with his pregnant fiancée Shannon Nelson, the couple are expecting their second child together 
Phil Dunster was seen laying a gentle kiss on the cheek of Ellie Heydon who wowed in a blue gown that flowed down into a train behind her. 
Bernadette Birkett and George Wendt were also spotted on the red carpet and held smiles on their faces at the bash. 
Bradley Thomas, Lucy Thomas, and Greg Kinnear were seen pausing for a memorable photo together while also at the star-studded event. 
Ted Lasso cast and crew also gathered together, including Chip Hamilton, Brett Goldstein, Nick Mohammed, James Lance, Zack Van Amburg, Sudeikis, and Kola Bokinni.  
Drama Series
Andor
Better Call Saul
The Crown
House of the Dragon
The Last of Us
Succession - WINNER
The White Lotus
Yellowjackets
Succession earned the top honor Best Drama Series in its final season
---------------------------------------------------
Actor in a Drama Series
Jeff Bridges – The Old Man
Brian Cox – Succession
Kieran Culkin – Succession - WINNER
Bob Odenkirk – Better Call Saul
Pedro Pascal – The Last of Us
Jeremy Strong – Succession
--------------------------------------------------- 
Supporting Actress in a Drama Series
Jennifer Coolidge – The White Lotus - WINNER
Elizabeth Debicki – The Crown
Meghann Fahy – The White Lotus
Sabrina Impacciatore – The White Lotus
Aubrey Plaza – The White Lotus
Rhea Seehorn – Better Call Saul
J Smith-Cameron – Succession
Simona Tabasco – The White Lotus
Jennifer Coolidge continued her successful run as she won Supporting Actress in a Drama Series for The White Lotus
--------------------------------------------------- 
Actress in a Comedy Series
Christina Applegate – Dead to Me
Rachel Brosnahan – The Marvelous Mrs Maisel
Quinta Brunson – Abbott Elementary - WINNER
Natasha Lyonne – Poker Face
Jenna Ortega – Wednesday
 ------------------------------------------------
Supporting Actor in a Comedy Series
Anthony Carrigan – Barry
Phil Dunster – Ted Lasso
Brett Goldstein – Ted Lasso
James Marsden – Jury Duty
Ebon Moss-Bachrach – The Bear - WINNER
Tyler James Williams – Abbott Elementary
Henry Winkler – Barry
 ------------------------------------------------
Limited Series
Beef - WINNER
Dahmer – Monster: The Jeffrey Dahmer Story
Daisy Jones and the Six
Fleishman Is in Trouble
Obi-Wan Kenobi
--------------------------------------------------- 
Actor in a Limited Series or TV Movie
Taron Egerton – Black Bird
Kumail Nanjiani – Welcome the Chippendales
Evan Peters – Dahmer – Monster: The Jeffrey Dahmer Story
Daniel Radcliffe – Weird: The Al Yankovic Story
Michael Shannon – George & Tammy
Steven Yeun – Beef - WINNER
Steven Yeun triumphed in the Actor in a Limited Series or TV Movie category for Beef
--------------------------------------------------- 
Supporting Actor in a Limited Series or TV Movie
Murray Bartlett – Welcome to Chippendales
Paul Walter Hauser – Black Bird - WINNER
Richard Jenkins – Dahmer – Monster: The Jeffrey Dahmer Story
Joseph Lee – Beef
Ray Liotta – Black Bird
Young Mazino – Beef
Jesse Plemons – Love & Death
 ------------------------------------------------
Talk Series
The Daily Show with Trevor Noah - WINNER
Jimmy Kimmel Live!
Late Night with Seth Meyers
The Daily Show With Trevor Noah earned Best Talk Series months after the titular host left the show
--------------------------------------------------- 
Supporting Actor in a Drama Series
F Murray Abraham – The White Lotus
Nicholas Braun – Succession
Michael Imperioli – The White Lotus
Theo James – The White Lotus
Matthew Macfadyen – Succession - WINNER
Alan Ruck – Succession
Will Sharpe, The White Lotus
Alexander Skarsgård, Succession
 ---------------------------------------------------
Actress in a Drama Series
Sharon Horgan – Bad Sisters
Melanie Lynskey – Yellowjackets
Elisabeth Moss – The Handmaid’s Tale
Bella Ramsey – The Last of Us
Keri Russell – The Diplomat
Sarah Snook – Succession - WINNER
Sarah Snook was crowned Best Actress in a Drama Series for her work on Succession
------------------------------------------------ 
Actor in a Comedy Series 
Bill Hader – Barry
Jason Segel – Shrinking
Martin Short – Only Murders in the Building
Jason Sudeikis – Ted Lasso
Jeremy Allen White – The Bear - WINNER
------------------------------------------------ 
Comedy Series
Abbott Elementary
Barry
The Bear - WINNER
Jury Duty
The Marvelous Mrs Maisel
Only Murders in the Building
Ted Lasso
Wednesday
--------------------------------------------------- 
Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series
Alex Bornstein – The Marvelous Mrs Maisel
Ayo Edebiri – The Bear - WINNER
Janelle James – Abbott Elementary
Sheryl Lee Ralph – Abbott Elementary
Juno Temple – Ted Lasso 
Hannah Waddingham – Ted Lasso
Jessica Williams – Shrinking
Ayo Edebiri dazzled as she earned Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series for The Bear
----------------------------------------------------
Actress in a Limited Series or TV Movie
Lizzy Caplan – Fleishman Is in Trouble
Jessica Chastain – George & Tammy
Dominique Fishback – Swarm
Kathryn Hahn – Tiny Beautiful Things
Riley Keough, Daisy Jones and the Six
Ali Wong, Beef - WINNER
--------------------------------------------------- 
Supporting Actress in a Limited Series or TV Movie
Annaleigh Ashford – Welcome to Chippendales
Maria Bello – Beef
Claire Danes – Fleishman is in Trouble
Juliette Lewis – Welcome to Chippendales
Camila Morrone – Daisy Jones & the Six
Niecy Nash-Betts – Dahmer – Monster: The Jeffrey Dahmer Story - WINNER
Niecy Nash-Betts – Dahmer won Supporting Actress in a Limited Series or TV Movie for  Monster: The Jeffrey Dahmer Story
--------------------------------------------------- 
Reality Competition Program
The Amazing Race
RuPaul’s Drag Race - WINNER
Survivor
Top Chef
The Voice
------------------------------------------------ 
Outstanding variety special (live)
“Elton John Live: Farewell From Dodger Stadium” - WINNER
“The Apple Music Super Bowl LVII Halftime Show Starring Rihanna”
“Chris Rock: Selective Outrage”
“The Oscars”
“75th Annual Tony Awards”
------------------------------------------------
Scripted variety series 
A Black Lady Sketch Show
Last Week Tonight With John Oliver - WINNER
Saturday Night Live
Scripted Variety Series was earned by Last Week Tonight With John Oliver 
------------------------------------------------ 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group