Metro journalists select and curate the products that feature on our site. If you make a purchase via links on this page we will earn commission – learn more
When the notification came up on our phone, saying the ASOS Design Cotton Poplin Peplum Tie Shirt Top In Leopard Print was finally back in stock, we ran to get our hands on it.
Priced at £28 and available in a variety of colours, it’s the animal printed version that we’ve wanted most.
Shoppers who’ve already got their hands on it have commented on how it ‘looks more expensive than it is’ and we couldn’t agree more. 
Dare we say it, but it’s a great alternative to GANNI’s viral top – and easier on the bank balance too (because our latest statement said no for the £185 version).
Ranging in sizes XS (4-6) up to L (16-18), the must-have top features the print of the season, a crew neck, and a tie fastening. It also includes short sleeves and is cut in a regular fit.
Shoppers have been quick to comment on how this top 'looks more expensive than it is' and we have to agree. We're obsessed with the tie front and puff sleeves.
For those out there who want to complete the look, there’s even a pair of matching trousers for a full feline ensemble.
From Rihanna to Strictly Come Dancing’s Oti Mabuse have all been spotted in the viral trend of the season (pun intended), and this gorgeous blouse is easy to style and wear – all season long. 
And don’t worry, there are zero chances of looking like Kat Slater.
Now should this top sell-out again, faster than we can shout ‘get out of my puuub’, fear not as we’ve found a plethora of other animal printed items from ASOS that might just tickle your fancy.
Take the ASOS Design Satin Bias Midi Skirt In Leopard Print. Priced at £32, it features an animal print design, a mid-rise waist, and is crafted with a bias cut. It is tailored in a regular fit for a comfortable and versatile style. Team with sneakers, ankle boots and a basic tee to really make it stand out.
Talking of which, how gorgeous are these Nike Air Max 1 Trainers in Leopard Print. At £144.99, they are of a ‘low-profile design’ and secured with a lace-up fastening. They feature a padded tongue and cuff for added comfort.
Adorned with the signature Nike branding, the shoes also include leopard print panels for a stylish touch.
The foam midsole incorporates Max Air cushioning for enhanced support, while the durable rubber outsole ensures longevity. Additionally, the shoes are equipped with a waffle grip tread for superior traction.
Heading away on holiday sometime soon? Well, may we suggest the Topshop Mix And Match Bikini Set In Leopard Print? With a variety of bra and pant styles, mix the print up with solid colours as well as wearing the full set.
Once nervous of the print, we’re now head over heels and will be wearing it all summer long.
Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram
Share your views in the comments below
Arrow
MORE: I’m a shopping expert and these are the items I’m buying this weekend from Boots, Dyson, SpaceNK and more
Arrow
MORE: The socks David Gandy made a fashion statement are top of our Father’s Day gifting list
Arrow
MORE: Fashionistas and shopaholics think this brand is ‘bringing the heat’ this spring – and our shopping editor agrees
Sign up for your retail fix with exclusive discounts, sales and product reviews.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Your information will be used in line with our Privacy Policy
Sign up for your retail fix with exclusive discounts, sales and product reviews.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Your information will be used in line with our Privacy Policy