Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
Go back to the mid-00s and there was one club that pulled punters in pretty much every night of the week. That place was Mood but, while many Geordies have fond memories of it, those could well be tarnished by the fact that it ended up being an all you can buffet that has also now bit the dust.
There was a lot of attention on The Gate, when the massive leisure complex opened at the end of 2022, with an Odeon cinema, plenty of restaurants and bars like The Keel Row and Beyond and its pièces de résistance, Mood, the two storey club that quickly established itself as a big favourite and visitors to Newcastle city centre. Whether you were a student after a few cheap drinks, conveniently putting that 9am lecture to the back of your mind, a stag or a hen or someone who went for a 'few drinks' after work, but ended up doing the Cha Cha Slide in front of your colleagues, Mood ticked many boxes.
With its gothic, baroque style decor, it wasn't a place you'd probably expect to hear Peter Andre - Mysterious Girl (at a time when it soared to number 1 after I'm A Celebrity), The Nolans - I'm in the Mood for Dancing or the Grease megamix, but that's what you got in abundance downstairs. If you were a Mood regular in the mid 00s, you'd have undoubtedly hit the dancefloor to big tunes from the era like Room 5 - Make Luv (complete with its dance routine), Junior Senior - Move Your Feet and Britney Spears - Toxic, interspersed with classic cuts from the likes of Bon Jovi, Madonna and the Dirty Dancing soundtrack.
READ MORE: The story of Buffalo Joes - from wild nights out and dancing on bars to standing empty years later
Get all the latest TV and showbiz news and gossip from Chronicle Live with our free newsletter..
The top floor was a completely different a story. You'd be walking up the stairs with the sounds of Summer of 69 in your eyes, only to then walk into Sean Paul and Blu Cantrell's Breathe, as the more confident movers headed straight to the centre of the room, while others preferred to hover round the bar clutching their bottles of VKs or Woodpecker. Other songs synonymous with upstairs in Mood include 50 Cent's In Da Club, Ciara - 1,2 Step and Kevin Lyttle - Turn Me On.
Sadly, Mood, which also had its own restaurant, ended up suffering the same fate as peers like Baja Beach Club and Buffalo Joes. Its popularity waned and its doors closed for a final time, before it was then transformed into world buffet Za Za Bazaar with its VERY bright lights, but that also closed its doors a few years ago, after being one of many casualties of the coronavirus pandemic.
From bottom floor to top floor, from Ricky Astley to Rihanna...Mood, you were iconic.