We have been *obsessed* with her looks lately! 
In case you *somehow* missed it, Hailey and Justin Bieber are expecting their first baby together! The couple, who have been married since 2019, announced the happy news back in May. 
Since then, Hailey has been opening up about her pregnancy in interviews, posing with her baby bump on show for a cover feature with W Mag and opening up about her pregnancy cravings. "I just listen to whatever the baby wants. If the baby wants pizza one day, we’re doing pizza," she said. 
We're also more than a little obsessed with Hailey Bieber's maternity style - joining a line of celebs like Rihanna and Kourtney Kardashian who have been transforming classic maternity wear with daring fits and silhouettes celebrating their bodies. 
So far, Hailey's pregnancy looks have included a gorgeous Y2k sequin butterfly top from Blumarine, a butter yellow tailored co-ord, an XL pale pink faux fur Alaïa coat worn with nothing but Miu Miu briefs, a high-neck silk shift dress with asymmetric hem and a black lace bump-hugging catsuit worn with a black leather trench coat. 
And now, the style star is continuing to serve. In a new selfie shared to her IG Story, Hailey can be seen rocking a high-neck, fiery red mini dress in what appears to be a clingy, jersey fabric. Hugging her bump, the dress features a tie embellishment on her right shoulder and is styled with butter yellow, point-toed flats. She also rocked a statement "B" pendant and silver and gold earrings. 
Given that she's a coordination queen, Hailey topped off the fit with butter yellow acrylics which *perfectly* matched her shoes. 
We love!
Megan Wallace (they/them) is Cosmopolitan UK’s Former Sex and Relationships Editor covering sexual pleasure, sex toys, LGBTQIA+ identity, dating and romance. They have covered sexuality and relationships for over five years and are the founder of the PULP zine, which publishes essays on culture and sex. In their spare time, they can be found exploring the London kink scene and planning dates on Feeld. 
Julia Fox’s frilly knickers have bum-crack cut-out
The most revealing Met Gala naked dresses *ever*
Rosie Huntington-Whiteley is selling her wardrobe
Flo Pugh's sheer strapless gown = style switch-up
Sydney Sweeney's tiny ruffle nude corset dress =🔥
Blake Lively's corset gown = Old Hollywood glamour
Shopping Sydney Sweeney’s stripe bikini & trousers
Flo Pugh's black lace ballgown is *SO* see-through
A deep dive into Lola Young's style transformation
Shop Olivia Rodrigo's stunning Rixo dress
Maya serves sexy underboob in bikini beach snaps
Zendaya's naked dress has a huuuge thigh split
Cosmopolitan, Part of the Hearst UK Fashion & Beauty Network
Cosmopolitan participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England 112955. All Rights Reserved.