AND she’s planning on a world tour in 2025. SCREAM!!!
Society has been patiently waiting for Rihanna to drop a new album for 84 years, and it looks like it might be happening sometime soon [she says tentatively, having been burned before].  
The Sun is out here with a take-it-with-a-grain-of-salt report that Rih’s ninth album is “on the cusp of being released.” Oh, AND she’s allegedly “in talks for a huge world tour throughout 2025,” including a headlining show at Glastonbury.
Apparently, Rihanna (who’s been teasing R9 forever ^^) typically releases albums “in the last few months of the year,” but the “slow pace of vinyl production” means the release day will probably be “later than she would have liked.” “Either way, 2025 is set to be her year with a giant tour in the works with Live Nation and yes, Glastonbury is back on the table,” the person close to the sitch adds.
Another ~music insider~ says Rihanna’s album will feature a ton of collabs *and* she’s “been tapping up artists she really likes and has been very busy behind the scenes. It is no coincidence she was with Nigerian singer Ayra Starr in Barbados last week. She loves her vibe. They met earlier this year and have been talking about working together. There are a handful of artists she has been collaborating with this year to perfect the album. She knows the expectations are sky high but she wants to pull something out of the bag that is different from anything she has done before.”
 Truly CANNOT WAIT. 
8 Takeaways From Prince Harry’s New BBC Interview
JoJo Says Kath Was “Uncool” to Allege She Cheated
JoJo Breaks Silence on Mickey Rourke’s Homophobia
A$AP Rocky on Sharing Clothes With Rihanna
Blake Lively Gives First TV Interview Post-Lawsuit
Princess Charlotte Will Eventually Be Worth £4B
Walton Goggins Ends Interview Over Aimee Lou Wood
Wills "Sickened" by Harry Leveraging Royal Status
Timothée's List of "Demands" for Dating Kylie 
Sydney and Brandon Allegedly Spotted Holding Hands
Is Lexi Wood Coming Back to Summer House?
Hailey Bieber’s Gucci Dress Is So Cinderella-Coded
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.