Suella Braverman is trying her hand at viral TikTok trends - as she launches a new account on the social media site.
In one video, the former Home Secretary attempts miming to a viral sound on the app while strutting in sunglasses as she holds campaign placards. The General Election campaign has been branded the first TikTok election, with news outlets and politicians trying to connect with young voters who use the video app.
In her most recent post, which had almost 20,000 views at the time of writing, Ms Braverman filmed herself mouthing the words to a recent viral video where a mum asks her family if they want to go to the Four Seasons Orlando. The trend sees users use the sound of the original video, which has 37 million views, with their own content. Using viral sounds is a key way to reach bigger audiences on TikTok.
The Tory politician, who is standing to be elected in Fareham and Waterlooville, has used the sound, but as it says "Who wants to go to the Four Seasons Orlando?", a caption pops up saying: "Who is going to vote for Suella on the 4th July?" She then struts as if she is on a catwalk as Tory supporters hold up signs for her. Another TikTok on the account is a series of photos of Mr Braverman and campaigners with an autotuned version of Rihanna's Shut Up and Drive in the background.
Ms Braverman received some criticism on Twitter, with one user describing her Four Seasons video as "possibly one of the most cringeworthy things I have ever seen in my life". But comments were more positive on TikTok, with one user writing: "Slay girl."
Ms Braverman was sacked as Home Secretary in November after she accused Metropolitan Police chiefs of bias over pro-Palestine marches. She was accused of being "divisive" and "dangerous" during her tenure.
Political parties have been using TikTok during the election campaign. Labour in particular has been jumping on viral trends, and the official party account now boasts 200,000 followers. It has received 5 million likes across its videos. The Tory account has 61,800 followers and has received 643,700 likes.
Nigel Farage is miles ahead with 729,600 followers and has received almost 13 million likes across his videos. Ms Braverman, who has been on TikTok for less than two weeks, has 412 followers and 1,389 likes.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.