Shoppers are raving over what they consider to be 'hands down one of the best fragrances' and it's now 10% off on FragranceDirect. Spicebomb Extreme is the more intense successor of Spicebomb and proving itself to be a hit.
Spicebomb Extreme was launched in 2015 with Carlos Benaim (YSL Libre) and Jean-Christophe Hérault (Creed Aventus) on the nose. It balances fruit and fiery spices in the top with grapefruit, pimento berries and black pepper.
This scent doesn't shy away from spices with a heart of cumin, cinnamon and saffron which are perfect for this time of year. It's base consists of the classic combination of tobacco and vanilla alongside amber wood and bourbon.
READ MORE: I tried Rihanna's Fenty Hair and I'm obsessed with one of the productsREAD MORE: LookFantastic has knocked 20% off Burberry's 'stunning' Goddess perfume
It's brought in an average rating of 4.44 out of 5 from across 36 reviews on Fragrance Direct. One shopper said: "If you haven’t got this fragrance already then do your self and the people around you a favour and buy it this is hands down one of the best fragrances I’ve bought and will not hesitate to buy it again absolute 10/10."
A second penned: "Spicebomb Extreme is truly on another level. The scent is unique, when you wear it and the people around you get a hint of the smell, they will want more and more of that scent. Believe me its the extreme scent . 100% on another level!"
A third added: "Love this musky smell, great value for money, my husband has been wearing this for years, he thinks its smell is outstanding, so do I. I would recommend it to anyone."
A fourth wrote: "I normally stick to more traditional scents, but thought from the reviews I would treat myself to a bottle of Spicebomb Extreme. I had never seen or smelt it, but it was the bottle that first caught my attention. I’m really pleased I did, the scent is fantastic and stays around for hours. My wife loves it as well. I am so glad I have purchased it."
This would be a great option for fans of Tom Ford's Tobacco Vanille or House of Vision's Fortitude. You can get Spicebomb Extreme for £86.40 on Fragrance Direct.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.