ByDanielle Chemtob
andForbes Daily
ByDanielle Chemtob,
 Forbes Staff 
andForbes Daily,
 Forbes Staff. 
Good morning,
For many people saddled with student loan payments, saving for retirement may feel impossible. But some employers are starting to incentivize making progress against student loan debt.
Through the Secure Act 2.0, which took effect at the beginning of the year, employers can offer matching 401(k) contributions to their workers currently making student loan payments. Walgreens recently announced it would offer such a benefit for its more than 300,000 employees, matching up to 4% of eligible pay for workers who are paying down student loans.
The move will especially benefit the company’s pharmacists, who, on the whole, have an average of $170,000 in student debt, according to the American Association of Colleges of Pharmacy.
For this and other stories on finding success in the workplace, subscribe to our Careers newsletter.
Photo by BRYAN R. SMITH/AFP via Getty Images
Hurricane Milton is expected to hit Florida’s Gulf coast tonight, and millions have been told to evacuate in what forecasters warn could be “one of the most destructive hurricanes on record” for the west-central part of the state. Tampa International Airport closed Tuesday morning, and Orlando International Airport will close this morning, as the storm maintained Category 5 strength but is expected to weaken before making landfall. Disney World announced a number of theme park closures starting Wednesday, and Goldman Sachs analysts projected the storm could cost its parks division between $150 million and $200 million.
Attorneys general from more than a dozen states and Washington, D.C. are suing TikTok in separate but coordinated complaints, alleging TikTok is a deliberately addictive platform that is psychologically harming and financially exploiting kids. At least one of those lawsuits, from D.C. Attorney General Brian Schwalb, alleges the app is running an “unlicensed virtual currency system” that has made its popular livestream feature the equivalent of “a virtual strip club” for teens.
Influential short-seller Hindenburg Research revealed Tuesday it took a short position against kids-oriented video game platform Roblox, accusing the company of inflating key user engagement metrics and inadequately protecting children from disturbing content. Hindenburg’s report caused shares of Roblox to fall 9.4% at market open before recovering to a 2% loss by the end of the day.
Boeing said Tuesday it has withdrawn a pay raise offer made to its striking factory workers after negotiations between both sides fell apart, extending the major work stoppage that began last month. The embattled aerospace company and representatives from the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers held their latest round of negotiations on Monday and Tuesday, in the presence of a federal mediator, but no deal could be reached and the company said no further talks are planned at the moment.
Founder and C.E.O. of NVIDIA Jensen Huang
A days-long rally for Nvidia added over $4 billion to chief executive Jensen Huang’s fortune, with the chip giant’s shares up nearly 12% in October. Huang is the world’s 11th-richest person with an estimated net worth of $116 billion, according to Forbes’ Real-Time Billionaires List.
Startup Braintrust’s software evaluates and monitors how an AI product is performing, and despite being just a year old, is already used by several unicorns, including Airtable, Brex, Instacart and Stripe. Now, after raising $36 million in a round led by Andreessen Horowitz, the company is valued at about $150 million.
Former President Donald Trump sent scarce Covid test kits to Russian President Vladimir Putin in 2020, according to a soon-to-be-released book from Washington Post journalist Bob Woodward, and later confirmed by the Kremlin, as Trump’s relationship with Putin has become a key point of interest on the campaign trail. In response, Putin warned Trump to keep the exchange a secret, according to the book, though the Kremlin denied reported calls between the two after the former President left office in 2021.
illustration by Alice Lagarde for forbes
Hockey’s top earners don’t compete with the salaries in the NBA, the NFL or MLB, with the NHL’s 10 highest-paid players due to receive $156 million this season. But the league’s top-paid player, Auston Matthews, with $21.7 million in earnings, is a sign the sport is finally on a power play.
Taylor Swift became the world’s richest female musician following the blockbuster success of her Eras Tour, with a net worth of $1.6 billion, Forbes estimates, after becoming a billionaire last October. Right behind Swift is Rihanna, worth $1.4 billion, whose wealth largely comes from her stakes in her Fenty Beauty and Savage X Fenty companies.
FEMA’s chief administrator blasted the misinformation circulating after last week’s devastating Hurricane Helene, saying it is “absolutely the worst I have ever seen” and is “creating distrust” in local and federal governments. Much of the misinformation stems from former President Donald Trump and his allies claiming FEMA couldn’t respond appropriately to the storm because it diverted money to helping migrants—which is not true as the agency’s funding is separate from the budget for immigration.
Illustration by Philip Smith for Forbes
TOPLINE Twice in the last five years, Apple hosted behind-closed-doors conferences for police agencies from across the world, bringing cops together at the tech giant’s Cupertino headquarters to discuss the best ways to use its products, Forbes has learned.
There’s a widespread perception that Apple has a combative relationship with law enforcement after the company refused to help the FBI hack into the iPhone of the shooter in the 2015 San Bernardino terrorist attacks.
But since then, it has ramped up collaboration with police through the conference and other meetings with agencies at both Cupertino HQ and its Elk Grove campus, as well as a variety of previously unreported projects helping cops use iPhones, Macs, Apple Vision Pro and CarPlay, according to emails obtained by Forbes via a public records request with the Orange County Sheriff’s Department. Most of these projects have not been announced publicly.
Apple declined to comment.
That Apple has kept its work with cops largely under wraps indicates the company is aware that providing tech for police surveillance operations is inherently at odds with its pro-privacy marketing, said Electronic Frontier Foundation senior policy analyst Matthew Guariglia.
“They want to get the reputation that they protect users’ data and they will do so at the expense of their relationship with law enforcement, and at the same time recognizing that creating tech for law enforcement is a multi-billion-dollar industry,” Guariglia told Forbes. The U.S. spends an estimated $100 billion on policing every year.
John McMahon, deputy chief and chief information officer at the LAPD, said its 2023 Global Police Summit, which he presented at, was one of the most useful police conferences he’d ever attended, as it showed him how agencies from across the world “were so far ahead of American policing and the use of technology and its capitalization of mobilization.”
WHY IT MATTERS “Apple has spent years and many millions on marketing itself as a privacy champion,” says Forbes senior writer Thomas Brewster. “What it hasn’t previously advertised is that it has worked closely with police agencies in California and beyond to get them to use Apple technology as part of their surveillance projects. While the two realities can coexist, Apple does little to promote its work with police, raising questions as to why.”
Shares of Trump Media & Technology Group, the parent company of former President Donald Trump’s Truth Social, jumped by double digits Tuesday. But the company is still trading well below its peak:
18.5%: The stock’s spike Tuesday, reaching over $21 a share
$4.6 billion: Trump’s net worth as of Tuesday evening
September 19: The date the company’s lockup period ended, allowing Trump Media executives to sell their shares
If you come into a sudden windfall of funds, whether it’s an inheritance or a big raise, it’s important not to make any sudden decisions: Pause and think about your next financial steps. The first consideration should be paying down high-interest debt and weighing whether you can max out 401(k) contributions. Be sure to diversify your investments, and set aside some of your newfound wealth as liquid savings in case you need to tap into it.
A major retailer is debuting a new store this month without checkout lanes or cashiers, and customers will instead use an app to make purchases as they shop. Which retailer is it?
A. Walmart
B. Sam’s Club
C. Costco
D. Target
Check your answer.
Thanks for reading! This edition of Forbes Daily was edited by Sarah Whitmire, Chris Dobstaff and Caroline Howard.