Rihanna found a way to give her youngest son, Riot Rose Mayers, a not-so-subtle shout out with her dinner attire. The star was photographed arriving at The Nice Guy in Los Angeles on Wednesday, wearing a navy, white, and red “Riot!” top. She paired that with a sheer red maxi skirt with a thigh-high leg slit to make the look pop.
In April, the singer spoke to Interview about how her style compares to the style of her sons, Riot and RZA. “I spend my time getting the kids dressed to death, and then I’m like, ‘What’s the most comfortable outfit to wear around them? What’s not going to feel uncomfortable on their face or on their body or make me feel like I can’t hold them properly?’” Rihanna said. “Moms are lazy dressers in real life.”
Her children have a lot of clothes: “I have racks, I have bags,” she said. “They’re all sized and organized, and then whatever gets too small for RZA, I put into bins so that Riot can have them next. Riot is actually in all of RZA’s 1-year-old clothes already. He’s only six months. Everybody thinks [my boyfriend and their father A$AP] Rocky dresses them because I dress them in Rocky outfits.”
She praised her partner’s style during the conversation, saying, “Isn’t he the best? I be feeling bummy as shit next to this man. I feel like, goddamn, I look like his assistant. I’m getting on a plane. We should be in sweats. He wants to be in a full Bottega suit. I’m like, ‘Why you got to do that to me?’”
Selena on Getting Rash After First Kiss With Benny
Michelle Obama on Raising Kids in the White House
A Source Debunks Taylor and Travis Rumors
Why Meghan Has Secret Emails for Archie and Lili
All About Blue Ivy Carter 
Watch Rumi Carter Make Her Stage Debut
Ariana Grande and Ethan Slater’s Complete Timeline
Why Meghan Believes Her Love With Harry Will Last
Blake Lively Stepped Out in Two Pastel Looks
A Timeline of Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds’ Love
All About Malcolm, Anya’s Husband
Zendaya & Tom Holland’s Romance Through the Years
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.