The accusers are seeking $50 million from the suit. (Photo by Paul R. Giunta/Invision/AP)Paul R. Giunta/Invision/AP
Chris Brown has been accused of assaulting four men in Fort Worth, Texas.
The men had been attending one of Brown’s performances on his 11:11 Tour at Dickies Arena, and are seeking $50 million from the lawsuit.
Entertainment Weekly reports how the lawsuit was filed on Monday in Harris County on behalf of Larry Parker, Joseph Lewis, Charles Bush, and Da Marcus Powell, who accused Brown and his entourage of “brutally and severely beat[ing]” them.
The same Entertainment Weekly report continues to state how the men had been invited backstage along with about 40 women or so when the alleged incident occurred. The group claims Bush had gone up to Brown to congratulate the singer on his performance.
It was then that someone informed Brown how he and Bush had been “beefing” when they saw him last, continues Variety. And that’s when the violence ensued.
According to TMZ — which first reported the story after obtaining the lawsuit — the four are suing Brown’s “entourage” members Yella Breezy and Sinko Ceej — who purportedly had a hand in the violence — along with Live Nation as well.
This is by no means the first time Brown has been plagued by accusations of assault: The “Run It!” singer is most notoriously known for beating up then-girlfriend and fellow musician, Rihanna, in 2009. He pleaded guilty to felony assault, and was sentenced to five years probation as well as six months community service.
Variety confirms that the plaintiffs were injured as the result of the assault and are currently seeking medical treatment.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices