Oasis fans have been in a frenzy since the monumental announcement of the band's reunion after 16 years. The Gallagher brothers, Liam and Noel, will be burying their feud and hitting the road with Oasis in 2025.
The band is set to play 17 stadium shows across the UK, including two nights at Cardiff's Principality Stadium, and tickets are already in high demand.
However, the ticket launch has caused some controversy among fans. Tickets appeared on resale sites for thousands of pounds within minutes of the limited early presale going live on Friday evening. Ticketmaster also crashed minutes into the general sale on Saturday morning due to unprecedented demand.
READ MORE: Cult Beauty shoppers can snap up Maison Margiela's Replica perfumes for £21 a bottle
READ MORE: I tried Rihanna's Fenty Hair and one of the products is a game-changer
But there's still hope for fans who missed out. While general onsale tickets are hard to come by, there are plenty of other options available, reports Wales Online.
The band issued a warning this morning that 'resale tickets will be cancelled', ensuring a safe way for fans to see the band in all their glory.
Firstly, there's a wealth of tickets and VIP packages up for grabs from Seat Unique. This online platform offers fans the chance to experience music and sporting events with an added touch of luxury.
Seat Unique launched their first VIP packages this morning and - at the time of writing - it appears to be the only site currently selling tickets.
The initial packages are for the London gigs at Wembley and the Edinburgh gigs at Murrayfield, offering a variety of options from the top-tier Diamond package to Gold, Premium Tickets, Private Boxes and Silver. Each comes with a host of extra benefits as well as fantastic views of the crowd.
The Diamond package includes a cocktail reception, access to a hospitality lounge with a selection of drinks including spirits, champagne, beer, wine and soft drinks, a four-course meal before the show, post-show snacks, a concert goodie bag and souvenir pass, and access to Wembley's after-party, ideal for avoiding the large crowds exiting the car park or attempting to use public transport.
If you're less concerned about the extras but still want a few additional perks, the gold option offers a buffet instead of a full meal but includes most of the other benefits of the VIP options.
Alternatively, for a lower price, premium seating areas provide padded seats and access to exclusive food kiosks and bars. All options are currently available for all nights.
Seat Unique is offering Oasis fans a unique experience with free drinks, early access, and additional bonuses. Although these tickets are pricier than standard ones, they're likely to be similar in cost to resale tickets, but with the added perks and no risk of being turned away at the turnstiles.
Here's the link you need: Buy Oasis tickets from Seat Unique here.
Fans also have the option to search for Oasis tickets from official retailers even after they've been released. Additionally, Ticketmaster operates its own resale network, allowing fans to buy and sell tickets at face value, thus avoiding any exorbitant resale prices.
Here are the links you need:
JULY 2025
AUGUST 2025
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.