"We're punching up for sure!" co-star Joel Kim Booster tells Billboard of artists they'd love to have on the new show.

													By
												

	Anna Chan


	What’s better than sharing a delicious meal and intimate conversations with your closest famous friends at the best restaurants in town? Adding some A-list musical artists to the table, perhaps? Chrissy Teigen, David Chang and Joel Kim Booster already have the model-cookbook author’s husband John Legend joining them in season one of their upcoming Freeform original Chrissy & Dave Dine Out, premiering Jan. 24, but there are some hitmakers they’d love to nosh with in the future.

	“I would do Beyonce, Rihanna, Ariana Grande,” Teigen tells Billboard of the musical artists they’d want on the show. “I have shared a meal with Ariana before — that was wonderful! Just badass women, really! And Mariah Carey!”

	










	For restaurateur and TV personality Chang, he wants to have a chance to set the record straight with Coldplay frontman Chris Martin, after the Chrissy & Dave Dine Out stars make a joke about the band in the premiere episode. “It’s a compliment to be so ubiquitous! I don’t want the audience to think it’s a negative!” the Momofuku boss explains, emphasizing that they were jesting with respect. “It’s something we’re all jealous of … I would have Chris Martin just so he knows it was a loving [joke].”




			Trending on Billboard		






	Actor and comedian Kim Booster agrees, and admits they’d love to aim high for potential musical guests at the dining table for a potential next season. “Yeah, we’re punching up for sure!” he tells Billboard of wanting to have the Coldplay frontman join them for a meal. “I don’t think we’re on his radar!”

	Some who is on the actor-comedian’s radar, though, is SZA, whom he’d love to have on the show because, he explains, her music is what he likes to spin at his dinner parties. “It’s such a vibe! It’s so interesting,” he gushes of the tunes by SZA, who leads in 2024 Grammy nominations with nine. “I feel like I don’t know very much about SZA, so I’d really love to have her on and really get to talk to her and get past the standard interview questions and understand her background and where she’s coming from.”

	While season one of Chrissy & Dave Dine Out will have a bevy of Hollywood elite — including Jimmy Kimmel, Simu Liu, Regina Hall, Alexandra Daddario and more — there are some celebs a bit lower on the list the three stars of Freeform’s new show would be into having on the program.

	










	“I just spoke to Scheana [Shay] — I love her. But I feel like I just got to spend time with her,” self-proclaimed Vanderpump Rules fan Teigen shares when discussing who from the hit Bravo reality show she’d want on. “I mean, Tom Sandoval, just to see whatever comes out of his mouth. I’d be so curious to hear it all! But I think Lala [Kent] and I would … I would love to hear from her the most, I think.”

Fire Island star Kim Booster wants someone a little bit less dramatic than the core VPR gang: Lisa Vanderpump’s son, Max Todd. “I would ask him why he’s still a busboy!” he laughs. “His mom owns the restaurant! What are you doing bussing people!”

	Watch Teigen, Chang and Kim Booster have deep, unfiltered — and sometimes NSFW! — conversations with their celebrity friends over meals when Chrissy & Dave Dine Out premieres Jan. 24 at 10 p.m. ET on Freeform, and streaming next day on Hulu. New episodes arrive Wednesdays. 

	Watch the trailer below:
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.