All products featured on Architectural Digest are independently selected by our editors. However, we may receive compensation from retailers and/or from purchases of products through these links.
If the market’s latest debuts have any lesson to tell, it’s that the design community indeed works better together. From Yinka Ilori’s kaleidoscopic prints for Momentum Textiles & Wallcoverings to Gachot’s incredibly chic ensemble for Waterworks, industry brands across categories are coming together to bring thoughtful new offerings to designers’ tool kits. Looking for the latest in furniture, decor, lighting, and beyond? Meet the industry’s latest dynamic duos.
Yinka Ilori for Momentum
Yinka Ilori’s bold embrace of color in furniture and public spaces yields exuberant, narrative-rich patterns. Naturally, those effusive motifs define the AD100 multidisciplinary artist and designer’s first collection of commercial fabrics and wallpapers. Dreamed up for Momentum Textiles & Wallcovering—where Ilori joins a collaborator list that includes Sheila Hicks, Shantell Martin, and Aleksandra Gaca—the eight designs were unveiled at NeoCon earlier this month and revolve around meditative graphic repeats, a springtime palette of saturated solids, and a kaleidoscopic union of arches, triangles, spheres, and chevrons that draw from Ilori’s British Nigerian heritage.
Finot collection by Gachot for Waterworks
Finot collection by Gachot for Waterworks
In 2020, New York–based AD100 studio Gachot teamed up with Waterworks on the minimalist Bond collection. Now founders John and Christine Gachot, who also tackled the recent revamp of Waterworks’ New York flagship, are back at it with Finot. Taking cues from fashion, modernist sculptures, and industrial design, the silhouettes exude a sophisticated swagger. Spanning more than 50 styles—a dramatic flush-mount cubed shower head; curvaceous spout; and slim, double-tooled lever handle included—the ensemble of contemporary bath and kitchen fittings is complemented by lighting, hardware, and glass shelves.
Delf collection by Danny Kaplan Studio and Lesser Miracle
Vince Patti (left) and Danny Kaplan
Danny Kaplan, founder of the eponymous studio centered on lighting and sculptural furniture, and Vince Patti, the mastermind behind furniture design and fabrication workshop Lesser Miracle, first met in 2023. They reveled over shared interests for ancient techniques and Jean-Michel Frank, and before long their four-piece Delf collection was born. Fusing Kaplan’s ceramics expertise and Patti’s woodworking skills, Delf comprises the centerpiece Paravent bed, designed with a cocooning hinged oak headboard and trimmed with a smattering of Art Deco–reminiscent inlay tiles. The collection also includes the open-back Brion chair, with nods to Tobia and Carlo Scarpa, and the amorphous Talisman and Clover side tables.
Kim Salmela for Crypton
Kim Salmela, Los Angeles designer and furniture manufacturer—and former creative director for music legend Prince—was inspired by the soulful imperfections of vintage rugs when hatching her inaugural range of textiles for Crypton. Previewed this spring on Salmela’s furniture designs for Norwalk at High Point Market, the seven patterns run the gamut from soft bouclé Laurel to geometric Hennepin spawned from Salmela’s collage experiments with strips of linen. The real standout? The nostalgic North Hills, a lush, European tapestry-like homage to her childhood in Minnesota.
Carly Cushnie for Lulu and Georgia
Celebrities including Michelle Obama, Beyoncé, and Rihanna have slipped into Carly Cushnie’s gracefully draped garments, and now the British-bred, New York-based fashion designer and creative director has translated her coveted organic sensibility to furniture for Lulu and Georgia. Sink into the plush Yucca sofa, a deep-seated design available in a sultry vintage palette of velvets and linens. The statement piece evokes a relaxed, bohemian air that harmoniously pairs with the regal burl-finished Sabal console table or the fringed Leon chair, channel tufted in an ivory bouclé.
Laura Kim for Crate & Barrel
Laura Kim for Crate & Barrel
One glance at Laura Kim’s Instagram account and it’s clear the creative director of Oscar de la Renta and Monse is as passionate about food and entertaining as she is fashion. So much so that it sparked her expansive furniture and homewares collection for Crate & Barrel. Setting the mood for a romantic, alfresco dinner party are the matching plank-legged oak Papillon dining table and bench emblazoned with hand-cut bow-tie shapes. The fairytale feeling continues with a mossy green marble pedestal for summery cakes and a scallop-edged stoneware colander that doubles as a serving bowl and mimics one of Kim’s beloved eyelet dresses.
Sabine Marcelis for Vitra
In the newly reimagined VitraHaus loft, designer Sabine Marcelis uses color to delineate spaces within the open floor plan. Refreshing honeydew drenches the living room while bubblegum pink softens the bedroom—encapsulating stone tub included—and butter yellow soothes in the office. Unveiled earlier this month at Vitra’s campus in Weil am Rhein, Germany, the interior and its fruity palette draws similarities to the Rotterdam-based designer’s own home, culling some of her go-to artists including Maria Pratts and Saskia-Noor Van Imhoff. In tandem with the colorful interiors and timed to Art Basel, Vitra released the Rotterdam-based designer’s limited-edition take (only 50 are available) on Danish designer Verner Panton’s classic 1959 chair. Its seven shades, all playfully named for foods—bubblegum, butter, honeydew, caramel, harissa, plum, and oyster—pull directly from the buoyant palette Marcelis embraced in the loft.
Grow your business with the AD PRO Directory
Sign up for The Source newsletter, our essential read for design professionals
20 Interior Styling Secrets from AD Stylists
Off to Milan Design Week? Get AD PRO’s Essential Guide to Salone del Mobile 2025
4 Designers’ Tips for a Longer-Living, More Resilient Garden
AD PRO’s 2025 Outdoor Forecast Is Here
14 Gardens Every Design Lover Must See in Person
35 Chic Walk-In Closet Ideas From the AD Archive
The AD PRO Directory Expands to Include Builders and Contractors—Applications Now Open
Subscriptions
Connect with AD
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Architectural Digest may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices