Caviar Kaspia has always been a fashionable haunt: Rihanna gave a cover interview to Vogue in its Paris flagship at 4am, Beyoncé is a regular patron, and during couture week, designers flood its dining room on Place de la Madeleine to indulge in caviar-topped baked potatoes after showing their collections. Yet supermodel Gigi Hadid is now making the eatery’s association with the fashion industry even more tangible.
This month, Hadid launches a limited-edition collaboration between her cashmere brand Guest in Residence and Caviar Kaspia. Boasting the restaurant’s signature emerald colour – as well as an interpretation of elegant yet eccentric Piscean motifs on their caviar tins – Guest in Residence’s sweaters are a bold, playful statement as the tides of the trend cycle finally turn from the neutrals of stealth wealth. “Caviar Kaspia’s signature caviar tins are so iconic – anyone who knows me knows I love colour, and I wanted to translate the richness of the mosaics into a colourful fun cosy cashmere sweater,” says Hadid. “Timeless need not be boring – look at Caviar Kaspia.”
Hadid is far from the first fashion-world figure to collaborate with Caviar Kaspia: in 2011, Giambattista Valli designed a limited-edition tin, while in 2014, Olympia Le Tan made her own Caviar Kaspia-inspired clutch, and Simon Porte Jacquemus even launched Café Citron with Caviar Kaspia within the walls of Galeries Lafayette in 2019. Most recently, in 2022, Off-White debuted their very own line of Caviar Kaspia sweatshirts. (Since then, the pieces have become cult items on the second-hand market.)
It’s also just another example of hospitality-inspired fashion collaborations. Frame, for example, launched wildly successful collaborations with The Ritz in Paris and The Carlyle in New York. Emilia Wickstead came out with custom print dresses for Passalacqua in Lake Como, while Coach has produced leather totes with gourmet grocery store Zabar’s. Personal style, it seems, is slowly morphing into personal lifestyle.
The line is a stealthy-chic, cashmere-centric collection of warm-hued hoodies, joggers, shorts, tanks, scarves.
Everything You Need To Know About The Met Gala 2025
Join The Vogue Newsletter For The Latest Fashion, Beauty And Street Style Trends Straight To Your Inbox
Read Billie Eilish’s May 2025 Cover Interview In Full
The Key Spring/Summer 2025 Trends To Know Now
Join British Vogue’s Met Gala Community Ahead Of Fashion’s Biggest Night. This link redirects to a third-party website.
More from Vogue
Condé Nast Britain
© 2025 Condé Nast