Jamaican dancehall artist Vybz Kartel née Adija Palmer's conviction for the 2011 murder of Clive “Lizard” Williams has been overturned by the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council in London.
On Thursday, March 14, the Privy Council, the highest court of appeal for Jamaica and other Commonwealth countries, announced its decision to send the matter back to Jamaica’s Court of Appeal, which will decide if the case should be retried.
Palmer has served 12 and a half years of a life sentence.
Isat Buchanan, one of several attorneys on Kartel’s legal team, admitted he could not predict when his client will be released on bail, which he has previously been denied. But Buchanan made it clear that they “will definitely seek bail.”
READ MORE: Bob Marley's 'One Love' for London displayed in an exhibition
On March 13, 2014, nearly two and a half years after Palmer’s initial 2011 arrest at a New Kingston hotel, the 48-year-old dancehall star — along with fellow artist Shawn “Storm” Campbell, Kahira Jones, and Andre “Mad Suss” St. John — was found guilty of murder by an 11-member jury. All four defendants had pleaded not guilty, and a fifth, Shane Williams, was acquitted.
The 64-day trial, held in Jamaica’s capital city is said to be the longest in the Caribbean country’s history.
Thursday’s judgment marks the first major legal victory for the self-proclaimed “Worl’ Boss” following previous failed attempts at freedom including an April 2020 request to appeal the murder conviction, which was denied by Jamaica’s Court of Appeal.
However, it did take into account the time spent in custody awaiting trial and reduced the minimum time served before becoming eligible for parole from 35 years to 32 years and six months.
The father-of-seven — three of whom were minors at the time of his arrest — was allowed to appeal to the Privy Council in London based on a myriad of issues with his trial, including improperly obtained cell phone evidence.
Prosecutors based their case on Palmer’s phone records and testimony from Lamar “Wee” Chow, the sole eyewitness.
Chow testified that when he and Williams failed to return two unlicensed firearms belonging to and lent to them by Palmer the two were summoned to the deejay’s home in Havendale, a gated community in the parish of St. Andrew, where Chow said Williams was killed. His body was never found.
DON'T MISS...
U-Roy dead: Reggae and dancehall legend dies aged 78
Lance Clark obituary - 1936 - 2018: A giant among shoemakers
Dancehall star Beenie Man apologises for anti-gay songs
Another reason for the appeal is that the original trial judge, Justice Lennox Campbell, rushed the jury to make a decision.
However, the Privy Council judges — Lord Briggs, Lord Burrows, Lord Lloyd-Jones, Lord Reed, and Lady Simler — did not speak about the improperly obtained cell phone evidence or if Judge Campbell placed undue pressure on the jury.
The judges arrived at their unanimous decision that the appeal should be allowed and that the conviction was unsafe and should be squashed based solely on allegations of jury misconduct.
Early in the murder trial, a female juror was discharged after she expressed concern for the safety of her son, who was being held in the same prison as the defendants at the time.
Later, the judge learned that another juror, Livingston Caine (or “Juror X”), had tried to bribe the jury forewoman as well as other jurors, but the judge failed to discharge him. Caine was later found guilty of attempting to pervert the course of justice.
We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy
While the appeals court expressed “considerable sympathy with the judge’s dilemma,” it said the decision to continue the trial with the allegedly corrupt juror was a “serious irregularity” that would result in a “miscarriage of justice” if upheld.
“In the Board’s view, there should have been no question of allowing Juror X to continue to serve on the jury,” the Privy Council judges said in court.
“Allowing Juror X to remain on the jury is fatal to the safety of the convictions which followed. It was an infringement of the appellants’ fundamental right to a fair hearing under the Jamaican Constitution.”
David Hislop is another lawyer for Palmer and shared the legal team’s next move. According to The New York Times he explained in an email he would now try to persuade the Jamaican Court of Appeal to find that a fair trial was impossible because of how much time had passed.
Affectionately referred to as the “Addi Di Teacha” by Gaza Nation, his legion of international fans — Kartel expressed his gratitude in a statement to FOX5NY following the decision: “I feel victorious in this very moment as the Privy Council in their infinite wisdom, understood the assignment and remedied the situation by quashing my conviction!”
“I am now back to being an innocent man in the eyes of the law. A grave injustice was done to me and my co-accused in the original trial,” wrote the controversial artist. “My cries were heard in the land’s highest court.”
News of the decision caused celebrations across Jamaica, but especially on the Gaza in Portmore, St Catherine, the streets that “grew” Palmer. According to The Gleaner there were also festivities at the General Penitentiary where, as of press time, he remains behind bars.
On Instagram, fans and other celebrities flooded his comments with support and congratulations. Model Winnie Harlow replied simply with three prayer hands emojis.
“Opening the eyes of the people who can’t fight for themselves cause they don’t have money,” wrote his lawyer Isat Buchanan.
“Dancehall is coming Home,” wrote another person.
A post shared by Lisa Evers (@lisaevers)
Vybz Kartel rose to prominence in 2003 after penning countless songs for other artists and releasing a string of hits. His career skyrocketed under the tutelage of dancehall icon Bounty Killer and he’s since gone on to work with the likes of Rihanna.
The songjay achieved worldwide success in 2009 with the song "Romping Shop," featuring the “Queen of Dancehall” and Love & Hip Hop Atlanta star Spice. Sampling Ne-Yo’s “Miss Independent” the playful tune was Kartel’s first to crossover to US radio.
However, the song banned from Jamaica’s airwaves due to its sexually explicit content.
Throughout the entire time he’s been in prison Kartel has continued to release new music including 2016’s “Fever,” which went gold. For more than a decade he’s remained an ever-present fixture in dancehall culture and music even from behind bars. In fact, his imprisonment broadened and bolstered his fan base catapulting him to messiah-like status for some.
Paradoxically, while renowned for his artistry, charismatic personality, and songwriting skills, Kartel has always been a highly controversial figure. He was first criticized for talking about oral sex in many of his songs including “Freaky Gal Part 2.”
Some argue that he spearheaded a culture of extreme and dangerous skin bleaching centered on the “style over self-esteem” rhetoric evident in tracks like “Cake Soap.”
And, of course, another reason Palmer is so deeply decisive is because of his criminal history which also includes conspiracy to murder and illegal possession of a firearm charges, as well as being arrested for marijuana possession and being sued for breach of contract. But, namely the murder conviction he’s now one step closer to reversing.
Only time will tell if life will imitate art for the “Bail for Me” and “Fresh From Prison” artist.
SEARCH
CONNECT WITH US
TODAY'S PAPER
 See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive.
EXPRESS.CO.UK
Daily Express uses notifications to keep you updated