By ADAM S. LEVY FOR DAILYMAIL.COM and ASSOCIATED PRESS 
 Published:  04:53, 8 October 2024   |  Updated:  06:24, 8 October 2024   
 47
View  comments
Taylor Swift has moved past Rihanna as the world's richest female musical artist.
The Grammy-winning artist, 34, has a net worth of $1.6 billion, Forbes  reported Monday, which edges the $1.4 billion the outlet reports Rihanna's net worth as. 
Swift, declared a billionaire earlier this year, made the fiscal push ahead of the Umbrella songstress with the earnings from her wildly-lucrative Eras tour, the outlet reported.
The Fortnight artist - who has a real estate portfolio estimated at about $125 million, Forbes said - achieved the financial feat of becoming a billionaire solely through her musical endeavors, royalties and concerts.
Rihanna, who presides over the wildly-successful Fenty cosmetics and lingerie brand - previously had a net worth of $1.7 billion, TMZ reported.
Taylor Swift, 34, has moved past Rihanna as the world's richest female musical artist. Pictured Monday in Kansas City, Missouri 
Amid a business dispute with music magnate Scooter Braun over her catalogue, Swift recorded new versions of her material on her first six records and began releasing them three years ago.
The results have been wildly profitable, with the Eras Tour creating such high demand that the U.S. Congress began making inquiries to Ticketmaster in regards to its take on concert ticket sales. 
The I Can Do It with a Broken Heart singer on Monday was back at Arrowhead Stadium on Monday night to see her boyfriend, Travis Kelce, and the Kansas City Chiefs defeated the New Orleans Saints after the pop superstar had missed the team's previous two games on the road.
Swift is in the final days of a break from her record-setting Eras Tour, which resumes with the first of three shows Friday night at Hard Rock Stadium in Miami. 
The tour's North American leg continues in New Orleans and Indianapolis before heading to Toronto and Vancouver in November and December. The final show is scheduled for December 8.
Swift also missed Kelce's annual Kelce Car Jam over the weekend, a charity car show that raises money for his 87 and Running foundation, which helps underserved youth in the areas around Kansas City and Cleveland. 
There was still plenty of star power with Patrick Mahomes and his wife, Brittany, joining Kelce's parents his brother, retired Eagles center Jason Kelce.
Swift began her high-profile romance with Kelce last season, when he invited the  Anti-Hero singer to watch him in a September matchup with the Bears. Since then, the two have spent plenty of time together, often with cameras following every move.
The Grammy-winning artist, 34, has a net worth of $1.6 billion, Forbes reported Monday 
Rihanna, a nine-time Grammy winner, has a $1.4 billion net worth, according to Forbes 
Swift has stayed out of the spotlight the past couple of weeks, though. That after a particularly headline-grabbing week in which she endorsed Kamala Harris for president, took home seven trophies from the MTV Video Music Awards, and show up to see the Chiefs beat the visiting Cincinnati Bengals.
Swift has become close friends with the Mahomes family over the past year. 
That created some controversy when the 14-time Grammy winner said she supported Harris over Donald Trump in the November election; Trump has referenced the quarterback's wife after she had liked — and then unliked — an Instagram post by the Republican presidential nominee.
Patrick Mahomes has declined to endorse anyone in the election, instead urging people to register to vote.
'I don't want my place and my platform to be used to endorse a candidate,' Mahomes said. 'My place is to inform people to get registered to vote. It's to inform people to do their own research and then make the best decision for them and their family.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group