The Kidd Kraddick Morning Show

George R.R. Martin spinoff series… 2024 Global Citizen Fest… Missy Elliott on her first headlining tour… Scooter Braun announces his retirement… and Carrie Underwood’s Nashville home catches fire…
George R.R. Martin has revealed that the previously dead-in-the-water Game of Thrones prequel series Ten Thousand Ships has  been resuscitated. Recent Pulitzer Prize-winner Eboni Booth writing the pilot. Martin wrote on his blog, “She’s an amazingly talented young playwright, and a joy to work with; when not writing and producing her prize-winning plays on- and off-Broadway, she has been kept busy by me and HBO, working on a new pilot for Ten Thousand Ships, a Game of Thrones spinoff about Nymeria and the Rhoynar. We’re all very excited about this one … though we’re still trying to figure out how we’re going to pay for 10,000 ships, 300 dragons, and those giant turtles.” HBO declined Entertainment Weekly’s request for comment.
George R.R. Martin says a new pilot for the Game of Thrones spinoff, 10,000 Ships, is in the works once again after being scrapped by HBO. https://t.co/SI2pdbEA1y pic.twitter.com/EjTcNereNJ
It was announced this morning that Post Malone, Doja Cat, Jelly Roll and Rauw Alejandro will headline the 2024 Global Citizen Festival, which takes place on the Great Lawn in New York’s Central Park on Sept. 28. More performers will be announced in the weeks ahead. Global Citizen Ambassador Hugh Jackman will host. Global Citizen — which is also known as the Global Poverty Project — is the world’s leading organization seeking to end extreme poverty. Hugh released a statement saying, “As a longtime supporter of Global Citizen and its mission, I am thrilled to be returning as host of the Global Citizen Festival this fall. For over a decade, Global Citizen has driven life-saving impact for nearly 1.3 billion people around the world, and we’ll gather once again on Sept. 28 to help end extreme poverty, defend the planet, and demand equity.” Tickets for the event are free and you can earn them by taking action on the Global Citizen app or website.
.@PostMalone, @DojaCat, @RauwAlejandro Set for 2024 Global Citizen FestMore: https://t.co/5cCSDoht0i pic.twitter.com/w6TxteRYLL
You may find this hard to believe, but Missy Elliott has never reached No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100. She came close! Work It reached No. 2. And if you think you’ve waited a long time for a new Rihanna album, Missy hasn’t put out one since 2005’s The Cookbook! What’s even harder to believe is, Missy has never headlined a solo tour. In fact, the last time she went on tour was in 2004, when she, Beyoncé, Alicia Keys and Tamia did the Verizon Ladies First Tour. And now 20 years, that’s about to change. Missy is kicking off Out of This World — The Missy Elliott Experience on July 4 in Vancouver. Missy told Variety that she’s currently going through the dozens of hits she’s released, written or produced for others, crafting the perfect setlist.
Missy Elliott on Her First Headlining Tour and Potentially Dropping the Six Unreleased Albums She's Recorded: 'That'll Happen Sooner Rather Than Later' https://t.co/YoXjO76LuG
Scooter Braun has made it official. He is no longer a music manager. Did he have a choice? “Scooter posted the extremely long announcement on IG saying, in part, “23 years. That’s how long I have been a music manager. 23 years ago a 19 year old kid started managing an artist named Cato in Atlanta, GA and my journey began…..I have been blessed to have had a Forrest Gump-like life while witnessing and taking part in the journeys of some of the most extraordinary talented people the world has ever seen. I’m constantly pinching myself and asking ‘how did I get here?’ After 23 years, this chapter as a music manager has come to an end.” Scooter continued, “Over the past 2 years I have been heading towards this destination, but it wasn’t until last summer that this new chapter became a reality. One of my biggest clients and friends told me that they wanted to spread their wings and go in a new direction.” Scooter didn’t say which artist started that trend, but a lot of his A-listers started bailing on him. He goes on to mention Justin Bieber and Ariana Grande, specifically, saying, “To see them both come up to be the legends they are today will forever be one of my greatest honors.” Scooter isn’t retiring altogether. In January 2023, Scooter became CEO of  Hybe America, a global entertainment company that works in  music, film, TV, tech, branding, culture and social good. It wasn’t what he planned, but as he said in closing, “…The great Berry Gordy once told me ‘young man, it never ends the way you wanted, but it doesn’t mean it didn’t happen.’ That wisdom has proven to be correct.”
Scooter Braun is retiring from artist management after more than two decades #THRNews pic.twitter.com/NnfBLmUadG
Things got  little scary for Carrie Underwood and her family Sunday night when a fire broke out at their home in Nashville. Carrie and her husband Mike Fisher had just celebrated a lovely Father’s Day with their sons, 9-year-old Isaiah and 5-year-old Jacob, when the smoke alarm went off. According to WKRN, “The fire began around 9:40pm…The county dispatched all eight of its stations to Underwood’s property because of the home’s remote location….First responders found a fully-involved fire at the property’s garage. Firefighters were able to quickly knock down the fire thanks to the home’s 10,000 gallon water tank already on the premises. Crews did not have to waste time looking for a hook up in this very remote location. Crews tapped into the 10,000 gallon water tank and quickly knocked down the fire at the garage. Firefighters then remained on scene for several hours since the fire got into the walls and kept flaring back up in hot spots.” According to rescue officials, there was no damage to the primary residence and Carrie’s family wasn’t harmed. Investigators are now trying to figure out if the fire was sparked by a UTV parked next to the garage.
: https://t.co/RjL8YP1MycCarrie Underwood is counting her blessings. Details on the scary incident are at the link. (: Instagram) pic.twitter.com/Mws8EnqhoQ

The Kidd Kraddick Morning Show