When Rihanna failed to appear on the museum steps at this year’s Met Gala, the question was not so much, ‘Why?’–she suffered a sudden bout of the flu, apparently–but, ‘Why not?’ There are few people, after all, who are capable of conjuring a red carpet from a sidewalk, and a carriage from the backseat of a taxi cab, which is where the musician was last night drinking from a champagne flute before striding into the heartland of Tribeca to celebrate Mother’s Day.
She was dressed in a spring/summer 2003 Commes des Garçons T-shirt – sourced from Artifact, and knotted with a rakish Jawara Alleyne skirt – with a Gucci Horsebit bag and mesh opera gloves obscuring fistfuls of rings. A$AP Rocky–who, much like Callum Turner and Dua Lipa, is the handsome scaffolding to Rihanna’s mercurial experiments in clothing—was photographed beside her in a cropped and rib-knit cardigan, suit trousers and sensible shoes. “Like iron sharpening iron,” is how Rihanna once described their mutual and kismetic relationship with fashion.
The greatest coup of this double date-night weekend, though, was doubtless Rihanna’s rediscovery of a cropped Gucci coat, which Tom Ford had cut to emphasize the waist and shoulders from a decadent amalgam of suede, fuzz and sequins. Plucked from the designer’s final fall 2004 collection, that coat is perhaps the embodiment of what Tom Ford’s Gucci was about: cockiness, hedonism, bursting with feline powers, as if designed explicitly for the kind of woman who leaves champagne flutes in the back of a taxi. The kind of woman who doesn’t just wear clothes, but actively schemes with them.
More from Vogue
See More Stories
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Vogue may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
CN Fashion & Beauty