By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Kendrick Lamar is trading in “Swimming Pools” for football fields. 
Lamar has been tapped as the halftime entertainer for Super Bowl 59, the NFL announced on Sunday.
“Few artists have impacted music and culture as profoundly as Kendrick Lamar,” Seth Dudowsky, the head of music at the NFL, said in a statement. “Time and time again, Kendrick has proven his unique ability to craft moments that resonate, redefine, and ultimately shake the very foundation of hip-hop.”
And it won’t be Lamar’s first time taking the Super Bowl stage. In 2022, Lamar teamed up with Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg, Eminem and Mary J. Blige, pulling from their collective catalogue to deliver some of the biggest hits from the past few decades. Lamar most recently made headlines for his feud with fellow artist Drake, releasing a diss track titled “Not Like Us” in May.

 





He’ll take the halftime show baton from Usher, who headlined during Super Bowl 58 with assists from Alicia Keys, H.E.R., Ludacris and Lil Jon. His medley of hits — including “Caught Up,” “Confessions,” “You Got It Bad” and “Yeah!” — earned an average grade of “C” from TVLine readers.
Other recent Super Bowl halftime show performers include Rihanna; The Weeknd; Jennifer Lopez and Shakira; Maroon 5 (ft. Travis Scott and Big Boi); Justin Timberlake; Lady Gaga; Coldplay; and Katy Perry.
Super Bowl 59 will be played at Caesars Superdome in New Orleans on Sunday, Feb. 9, and will air on Fox. The 2024 NFL season gets underway this weekend, with the Kansas City Chiefs defeating the Baltimore Ravens in Thursday’s kickoff game. 
Comments are monitored, so don’t forkin' curse and don’t bore us with how much your coworker’s sister-in-law makes per hour. Talk smart about TV! 
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * Your email address will not be published. We will notify you when someone replies.
Δ
I can’t stand this guy. Another superbowl I’ll gladly skip.
Taylor Swift became the unofficial face of the NFL and she’s still not performing halftime.
Too many people would say it was rigged for the Chiefs. She will probably headline the first one after Kelce retires.
Technically, Taylor has a song feat. Kendrick Lamar, so maybe we can still get Taylor in the halftime show & make your dreams a reality.
It was mentioned that she won’t do it until records all Taylor’s versions. One or two more albums, I suppose.
Ridiculous. Another useless superbowl halftime show that we change channels during.
Yeah…you’d think rap is the only music out there.
Super Bowl halftime is a huge international chance to expose their music. I think other artists would have been a better choice. I mean no disrespect to Kendrick Lamarr.  Just would have gone in another direction if I was making the choice.
I couldn’t name one Kendrick Lamar song if you paid me.   Can’t they find someone a little more mainstream?
Honest question: like who? What is even considered mainstream these days?
Someone that people over 40 have heard of.
They could do better with the rotation.
I am over 40 and know Kendrick Lamar.
Ariana Grande. Doja Cat . Drake. Ed Sheeran. Harry Styles. Justin Bieber. Mariah Carey. Meghan Trainor. Miley Cyrus. Morgan Wallen. Nicki Minaj. The Jonas Brothers.
But see? I don’t have a clue who Morgan Wallen is. And couldn’t name a song by Ed Sheeran
Cool. But most people could. Because these artists have crossover hits. If I played “Shape Of You” and offered you a million dollars to name the singer, chances are you’d be able to say Ed Sheeran, because the song was played at the department store you were shopping, at, your niece’s birthday, the coffee shop, etc. But Kendrick Lamar, unless you listen to Hip Hop, you have no idea about his music. Much like, say, Miranda Lambert’s many Country hits never crossed over. The people I named, most people would know of. Like Drake or Nicki Minaj, who are Hip Hop artists with plenty of crossover hits. That is the kind of Halftime artist. Even if you don’t listen to Hip Hop, Superbass or Lose Yourself, or In Da Club are songs you’ve heard. Kendrick Lamar doesn’t make those. But if you really want to argue Kendrick Lamar is just as mainstream as Ed Sheeran or Miley Cyrus, go ahead…
I think those are good points.  I am never going to hear Lamar at the grocery store.  I could hear Ariana Grande on multiple channels whether on Spotify or the radio.
Ariana – currently in the middle of promoting and filming Wicked
Doja – maybe
Drake – LOL
Ed Sheeran – popular but honestly not enough energy for a Halftime Show
Harry Styles – maybe
Justin Bieber – LOL/hasn’t cared about performing in years
Mariah Carey – she has likely turned it down before
Meghan Trainor – LOL
Miley Cyrus – maybe
Morgan Wallen – LOL
Nicki Minaj – her own husband wouldn’t be allowed near the stadium due his offender status
Jonas Brothers – LOL
Wicked finished filming both parts last year. Her doing Superbowl in the thick of awards season would help Wicked at the Oscars A LOT.
No it wouldn’t lol. Academy voters would not care that she performed the Halftime show as herself, plus many of them are pretentious and consider themselves too high-brow for football.
She would get a lot of free publicity, keeping her top-of-mind. More chances for features on the trades. Interviews. Best song often goes to hit songs.
Again, not how Academy voting works. Ask me how I know.
Why would I? You clearly don’t. No one would vote for her because she sang the Superbowl. Sure. She’d get 30 million dollars worth of free publicity, though. Huge Vanity Fair article. The Hollywood Reporter profile. Lots of red carpets. Plenty of Late Nights interviews. If Superbowl was the huge dent you claim, Lady Gagawouldn’t have won, having performed the Superbowl the year before A Star Is Born Came Out. She doesn’t even need to win. Wicked will still be in cinemas in January, much like The Greatest Showman or Wonka. The buzz alone is worth it, for the film.
There is also the consideration of the fact that what most people consider mainstream is going to be pop. That will still alienate people one way or the other. You also face the fact that most mainstream or pop artists don’t have very interesting shows. Most people might not know who Kendrick Lamar is but if they’ve ever seen him perform before they remember it when someone tells him he’s the guy that …. fill in the blanks. He takes time and he puts on a thoughtful well rehearsed show. Despite him having 17 Grammys, a Pulitzer, and numerous number one songs the reason he was picked is because he can put on a halftime show. The Weeknd was very mainstream but that show was not good. Justin Timberlake is very mainstream but again that show was not very good. Rihanna was very mainstream but when I can’t say about her show it was better than those other two. Maroon 5 has great music but I don’t remember anything from that show. The only thing I remember from Coldplay was Beyonce and Bruno Mars. Viewers only gave Usher a c and Usher has been credited as having one of the best Vegas residencies ever. He’s the consummate Showman. He went out and danced on roller skates
And to the people who only think of mainstream as pop, Taylor could come out for “Bad Blood”, Rih could do “Loyalty”, and Lady Gaga could make me the happiest person on the planet and perform her unreleased verse of “*****, Don’t Kill my Vibe”
Lamar IS mainstream. I’ve definitely heard of him, however I couldn’t name a single song he’s done, because I’m not into hip-hop.
Here’s one:
They NOT LIKE Us
Go go it a listen.
It will change your life
Go go? Who has done THAT dance thing since the ’80s?!
Garbage song for a garbage generation.
After Usher this is a letdown
I need the commenters here to say they don’t like rap and be done with it. This makes so much sense you know Kendrick’s music. He has the hits and the features to make this a super fun show. So many possibilities for some fun cameos. Plus, the attention this is going to bring just because of everything that happened over the summer…google Kendrick Lamar, Not Like Us, Amazon and watch that performance, then multiply that by like a billion. That’s what this show is about to give.
The NFL is ALWAYS ALWAYS ALWAYS going to book artists for the SB halftime show whose fans ARE NOT TRADITIONAL FOOTBALL FANS.
.
The halftime show isn’t for people who are going to watch anyways.  It is for people who might not watch, or probably won’t watch, the SB.  Because of the unpredictability of game timing, fans of the halftime artist have to watch the entire first half (when the best, and most expensive commercials air), to catch the “concert.”  This is to boost ratings.
.
What benefit to the NFL, or their TV partner, would there be if the half time show was an artist that most FB fans liked?  None.  So they don’t do that.
Then let’s do another big group sing with Patti Lupone, Sutton Foster, Joshua Henry, Leslie Odom Jr. Jeremy Jordan, Annaleigh Ashford, Idina Menzel and Kristine Chenowith   Very little crossover with football fans
I love 90s hip hop. I love rap. I don’t like this guy. That’s it. 
We all have someone who we think is overrated. No need for conspiracies
I love Eminem’s music.
    I prefer older rap /
     hip hop music from:
      LL Cool J, Run DMC ,
Cypress Hill, Public Enemy
          & MC Hammer.
Is Jay Z still contracted to provide the half-time show?
It would be nice if they changed the musical genres each year.
Last year’s performer was Usher, who is an R&B artist. Kendrick is a rapper. That’s different genres, babe.
If they were gonna do rap again so soon they could have at least picked someone good to perform. His music is down right trash. At least we know early to skip that nonsense
He is going to put on a brilliant halftime show! Seriously can’t wait for this. My daughter who is 17 and myself who is 38 are both happy with this! Great choice and if you haven’t heard of him you have time to listen to his music.
Bring in Drake with Lamar and then it could be an interesting half time show.
I for one can’t wait to see what he does.  He’s a showman and a fantastic lyricist.  He;s the only rapper who has won a Pulitzer for his music.  For people who don’t know, Kendrick is in demand right now.  His Pop Out concert, in June sold out “instantly” one day after it was announced, approx. 16,000 at the Kia forum in person. But since demand was so high, Amazon decided to televise it on their Prime video station and also via Twitch. Apparently the concert broke streaming records for the ‘Zon and apparently caused a record number of prime video new subscribers.  When he dropped the ‘Not Like Us’ video on youtube, it amassed something like 20 millions views in 24hours.
I’m glad for him but I don’t know a song of his or one he’s featured on. Yes, I do listen to a LARGE percentage of the current Hot 100 They are still several current artist and artist still playing music who are very well respected who have not got there shot at this large payout by streams, airplay, and purchasing. Lamar is not even Outkast or Black-eyed Peas status yet. Do they realize how long J Lo, Shakira, Madonna, Beyonce, etc had to wait to get this honor. Have fun Lamar, I will not be watching.
Do they pay the artist for Half time? If so , is the Super bowl on a budget? Couldn’t they get someone for a better discount?
Meh. Not excited about this at all.  Never gonna top the one with Dre anyway.  Kendrick was my least favorite part of that one. Glad to skip this year’s halftime show.
Well, that is one I will not be watching! One of the worst choices ever for half-time show.
I SINCERELY came here because I had heard this earlier today, & was hoping that you’d name an artist I like who had likewise been named for this year’s show.
I would grade the half time show an F. 
We really need Weird Al for next years half time show.
By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.