Advertisement
Last year, when our white Camry pulled in front of a one-story deli in nowhere Kansas, in the scorching heat of a July afternoon, for a moment I thought I was dreaming. As a born-and-bred Italian, I thought the only place where I could meet an Amish family was in a movie.
“Virginia? That’s pretty far,” said the head of the family, staring at our muddy plate from the wooden porch. The man’s face and arms were burned by the sun. Surrounded by a horde of jolly kids licking scoops of ice cream cones, he was looking like a king. Rocking on squeaky chairs one next to the other, we were the strangers — and their last-minute cinema. I supposed that ice cream is the most you can get on a Friday night around there, besides a blinding sunset gilding green crops all around the farms.
The same wonder, but different, had hit me in Tennessee the year before, inside a cramped fried chicken shop managed by Black women. At first, all I could see were their enormous legs, dotted with cellulite, deepening the skin like a wound. Among bare white furniture turned brown, the air smelled of pressed, metallic meat.
As soon as I breathed in the place, the overall atmosphere ushered me into an inexplicable sadness. It was so strong it crippled every cell in my body, while my boyfriend was devouring his moist chicken sandwich. “We’ll find a place where you can eat after this,” he reassured me with an aura of half-guilt, ketchup painting the borders of his mouth at every bite.
By then, we both knew it. It was our third day of a road trip from Virginia to New Mexico, and I couldn’t just sit anywhere and eat whatever. But once inside the car, I researched the area. Books aside, what did I really know about the impact left by rivers of blood shed by Black people on that land? And more important, what does it mean to be American?
Whenever I watched the United States from abroad, it was easy to create a succession of images in my mind: skyscrapers and multinationals, Rihanna pregnant at the Super Bowl, American soldiers liberating concentration camps in history books. However, one thing I could have never grasped is that this country is made of a lot of countries, and countries are made of people.
My eyes were like a hawk during my first humid afternoon in Virginia, strolling in a neighborhood dotted by elegant boutiques and red maples. There were Persians next to other Persians with their glittering necklaces. South Americans’ exotic skin and contagious laughs, and Asians walking briskly, sipping on bobas.
Since I moved to Santa Fe, what I’ve mostly seen during my morning run are hatted men brushing stucco to the adobes, even if it’s 110 degrees. The most vivid memory of California I have — besides homeless people camping on the side of the streets — is dark-skinned women wearing pink veils leading the traffic.
So I started to wonder: Aren’t all Americans immigrants except for the Native tribes? I grew up with Dancing with Wolves and illustrated translations of Black Hawk, Sitting Bull and Geronimo’s poetry that my dad would incessantly show me. At the time, I was too young to understand why those lines on thunders and rivers would make him weep.
After two years of visiting as a tourist, in May, I landed in New Jersey with a visa in hand. Now I am officially an immigrant. However, I didn’t leave Lisbon, where I had lived for the past seven years, because of work.
During the 14 years I’ve lived outside of Italy, I wasn’t always a citizen: Very often, I traveled long-term, inhabiting a bureaucratic limbo. But for some people, living life by trusting it like I do isn’t a possibility. I was born in a place in Europe that, luckily, hasn’t seen wars recently. I’ve never had passport issues. I could get an education. And yet, it’s impossible to look ahead to the next couple of weeks without reminding myself that I can’t vote yet.
Dear Americans, my future is also in your hands. When you go vote, remember that this country is also made up of people like me who still can’t vote. And all the people like you: the neighbor I just met who invited me to brush her horses. My doctor, who wants to know if there’s a gun in my household. Women holding paperboard signs on the curbside of the road, screaming for abortion rights as if it’s still the Middle Ages. Above all — all the strangers on the street I meet every morning, carrying big smiles.
Chiara Crisafulli left Italy in 2010 to embark on a life of adventure; since then, she’s lived in six countries and now in Santa Fe.
Circulation Office Hours - 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers:
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
welcome email
Receive a list of headlines from the latest edition of The New Mexican in your inbox every morning.
On Saturdays, get a preview of The New Mexican's big Sunday stories and review highlights from the week.
Stay informed of the latest local news by receiving emails as soon as news is posted online.
Stay up to date with news from the Capitol during the legislative session, and follow New Mexico politics throughout the year.
A guide to outdoors opportunities and profiles on peoples' connections with places, delivered every other Monday.
Keep up with what's going on in the local business scene, every Tuesday.
Receive the latest episode of "Conversations Different" in your inbox every Tuesday. 
Taking the temperature of New Mexico's environmental issues.
Get updates on the Lobos, local prep sports and more every Wednesday.
Contests and special offers from The Santa Fe New Mexican and advertising partners.
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.