Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset.
          Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. 
            Legal Statement.
          
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - New Privacy Policy
Check out what's clicking on FoxBusiness.com
The extravagant wedding festivities put on for one of the sons of Asia’s wealthiest person and his bride have drawn global attention.
Anant Ambani, a son of Indian billionaire Mukesh Ambani, and Radhika Merchant became husband and wife on Friday, when they and their families held the highly-anticipated main wedding ceremony for the couple in Mumbai. 
Mukesh Ambani has a $123.7 billion personal fortune that, according to Forbes, affords him the titles of the richest person in both India and Asia. Globally, there are reportedly only 10 individuals with larger net worths than him.  
MUMBAI, INDIA - JULY 12: Ambani Family during the Wedding ceremony of Anant Ambani and Radhika Merchant at the Jio World Convention Centre, BKC on July 12, 2024 in Mumbai, India. (Photo by Raju Shinde/Hindustan Times via Getty Images) (Raju Shinde/Hindustan Times via Getty Images / Getty Images)
The 67-year-old billionaire traces his net worth to Reliance Industries. The market capitalization of the conglomerate hovered around $258.5 billion as of Friday afternoon. 
CLICK HERE TO READ MORE ON FOX BUSINESS
Friday’s wedding festivities, attended by many big names from India and around the world, reflected the wealth of the Ambani family. Everyone appeared dressed to the nines in photos.
Nick Jonas, Priyanka Chopra and John Cena were three of many guests photographed at the Jio World Convention Centre where Anant Ambani and Merchant got married. So was former British Prime Minister Tony Blair.
MUMBAI, INDIA - JULY 12: Indian actress Priyanka Chopra and husband Nick Jonas attending the Wedding ceremony of Anant Ambani and Radhika Merchant at the Jio World Convention Centre, BKC on July 12, 2024 in Mumbai, India. (Photo by Raju Shinde/Hindustan Times via Getty Images)   | Getty Images
The couple have held events related to their nuptials on numerous occasions in the lead-up to the wedding, according to CNN.
In March, for example, they had a three-day event in Jamnagar that reportedly included Rihanna singing and other extravagances. Many high-profile people traveled to India for the events such as tech billionaires Mark Zuckerberg and Bill Gates, the outlet reported.
NEW BILLIONAIRES: 5 OF THE MOST NOTABLE TO JOIN EXCLUSIVE LIST IN 2024
"Love an Indian wedding," the Meta Platforms CEO wrote in a March Instagram post about those festivities. "Congrats to Anant and Radhika!"
"This was my first time attending a wedding celebration in India, and it was incredible," Gates said in a separate Instagram post from March. "Congratulations, Anant and Radhika. Thank you for having us and giving up an excuse to catch up with old friends."
MUMBAI, INDIA - JULY 12: Ambani Family during the Wedding ceremony of Anant Ambani and Radhika Merchant at the Jio World Convention Centre, BKC on July 12, 2024 in Mumbai, India. (Photo by Raju Shinde/Hindustan Times via Getty Images) (Raju Shinde/Hindustan Times via Getty Images / Getty Images)
There was also a wedding-related celebration in May that involved several days of sailing in the Mediterranean for the families and various guests they had invited, per CNN.
The Ambani and Merchant families are expected to further commemorate the wedding of Anant and Radhika over the weekend, according to The Associated Press.
GET FOX BUSINESS ON THE GO BY CLICKING HERE
Get a brief on the top business stories of the week, plus CEO interviews, market updates, tech and money news that matters to you.
We've added you to our mailing list.
By clicking subscribe, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use, and agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can opt-out at any time.
           

            Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset.
            Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. 
            Legal Statement.
        
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - New Privacy Policy