HOT NEWS 39 October 4, 2024 
Actor John Amos has died. The veteran Actor known for his role as the dad James Evans, on the TV Show Good times, for his role as the older Kunte Kinte in Roots and as the dad in the Coming to America Movies has died at the age of 84. In a press release according to his son he died in August of this year. I have no idea why the family waited this long to make an announcement. 
We lost Basketball great Dikembe Mutombo. Mutombo has died att the age of 58 from Brin Cancer. He was the greatest Shot Blocker in NBA History. He was a journey man during his basketball career with stops in Philly, New York, Houston and Chicago. The basketball Legend was also known for that finger swag in the Geico Commercials. 
Baseball Great Pete Rose also died this week at the age of 63. Rose was part of the 1980 Phila Phillies Championship Series. Between his playing days with the Phillies and The Cincinatti Reds he was known as Charlie Hustle for his hard Playing and being a fierce competitor. He was banned from the game in 1989 for betting on games, which he later admitted in his 2004 biography. Because of the baseball ban he can never be inducted into the baseball Hall of Fame. 
We remember Country Music Legend Kris Kristofferson known for his Me and Bobby McGhee and the movie ‘A Star is born. He was 88. 
We also lost British Actress Dame Maggie Smith. The award-winning Actress was known for her movies Harry Potter, Sister Act, Downton Abbey, The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie and Hook. Smith was 89 years old. 
Actor John Ashton has also died. Ashton was best known as Detective Seargent John Seargent in the Beverly Hills Cop movies with Eddie Murphy, he was 76. 
Dancer Cat Glover has also died. Known for her days with Prince was 60 years old. We also remember a Jazz Great. Benny Golson, a Phila native was a jazz saxophonist and composer. Golson was 95. 
Soap Opera Star Drake Hogestyn also died. He was a leading Man on Days of Our Lives for 38 years. He was 70 years old he died from Pancreatic Cancer. 
It’s Actress Singer/Talk show Host Jennifer Hudson on the cover of Essence Magazine. 
The American Music awards are coming to CBS on Sunday October 6th. One of the highlights is a tribute to Whitney Houston done by Jennifer Hudson.   Other Performers include Gladys Knight and Mariah Carey. 
Mary J Blige is coming to Atlantic City. Friday March 28 with Ne-Yo and Mario. This is her tour for her fans. The show is happening at The Boardwalk Hall in Atlantic City. Her new album Gratitude comes out next month and this month she is getting inducted nto The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. 
Elton John has a new documentary coming to Disney Plus December 13th ‘Never Too Late’ 
The Commercials have dropped for the new Levis Jeans commercials starring Beyonce. 
Megan Thee Stallion a documentary about her life ‘In Her Words starts streaming Oct. 31 on Prime Video. 
The Summers number 1 movie Dead Poole/Wolverine starring Ryan Reynolds and Hugh Jackman is now streaming on all digital platforms. 
Oscar Winner Ariana Debose has a new prime video coming out House of Spoils a Culinary supernatural story. It is streaming now. 
Rapper/Actress/Talk Show Host and now Author Eve is not only touting her new memoir but she recently sold her music catalog for between 25 and 50 million dollars. 
Jussie Smollett is teaming up Vivica Foxx for the movie ‘The Lost Holiday’. The story is a mother grieving the loss of her estranged son who she doesn’t know died leaving behind a husband (Smollet) and children. The movie is playing at AMC theatres.  
Pat Sajak is returning to Wheel of Fortune. He's serving as a consultant for the new season with Ryan Seacrest and Vanna White, and he and Vanna will be host of Celebrity Wheel of Fortune on Oct. 7th. 
The new season Abbott Elementary returns to ABC on October 9th                                                                                                                               
Congrats to the 2024 Inductees in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. The Ceremony is happening October 19th in Cleveland and will air on Disney Plus. The New inductees include Mary J Blige, Kool and The Gang, A Tribe called Quest, Dionne Warwick, Cher, The Dave Matthews Band, Foreigner, Peter Frampton, Big Mama Thornton, Producer Norman Whitfield, Record Exec Suzanne De Passe and Jimmy Buffett. Performers that night include Mary J Blige, Chuck D, The Roots, Lucky Day, Method Man. The Rock Hall ceremony is going to air as a special on New Years on ABC. 
Mary J Blige is getting ready for a new tour at the start of the year with Ne-Yo and Mario. Her new album is coming out next month. 
Former Eagles Quarterback Mike Vick is narrating the new docuseries The Evolution of the Black Quarterback streaming now on Prime. 
Dwayne The Rock Johnson, Chris Evans, JK Simmons and Lucy Lui are teaming up for the movie ‘Red One’. Opening in theaters Nov. 15th. 
They're back together again? Director Ryan Coogler and Actor Michael B Jordan in the new movie ‘Sinners’. Michael B Jordan plays twins, and one is a vampire. The movie is set in the old Jim Crow South, and it opens in theaters March 7 2025 
The Atlantic City Comedy Festival is happening Oct. 12th and 13th at The Boardwalk Hall in Atlantic City. Comics include Sommorre , Lavelle Crawford. Tony Rock, Tommy Davidson, Joe Clair , Buckwild, Don DC Curry and more. 
Tickets are on sale now for Stevie Wonder, He’s coming to Philly Saturday October 12th at The Wells Fargo Center. Wonder is going on a 10 city tour across the US Ahead of this years Presidential Election. The Tour Sing your Song as we fix our nations broken hearts. 
What's next for the Oscar Winning Member of The Root Quest Love. He’s working on a new documentary about Earh wind and fire. 
The BET Hip Hop Awards are happening October 15th from Las Vegas. 
Season 26 of The Voice has returned with new Judges Snoop Dogg , Singer Michael Buble, Gwen Stefani and Reba McIntire. 
Congrats to Tamron Hall. Her latest book is topping the best sellers list with her latest book ‘Watch where They Hide’. This Fall her first ever cookbook A Confident Cook: Recipes for Joyous N0-Pressure Fun in the kitchen.  
Tariji P Henson, Terrance Howard and Don Cheadle have joined the cast of the new Kevin Hart Peacock movie ‘Fight Night. The story is set in 1970 Muhammad Ali makes a return to boxing after being banned and it's the biggest fight night of the year. At the same time the elite and rich of Atlanta come together for a big party where they are robbed. Kevin Hart is producing this movie which also stars Samuel L Jackson and South Jersey native Dexter Darden (Maze Runner) is playing Muhammad Ali. The Limited Series is Streaming now on Peacock. 
Actor Jermaine Fowler (Coming to America 2) is joining the  cast of the CBS Comedy Crutch with Tracey Morgan. This is a spinoff of the Cedric The Entertainer show Neighborhood. 
Get well wishes to Comedian and Actor J Anthony Brown of the Steve Harvey Show he has been Congestive Heart Failure. 
Sean Diddy Combs was recently taken into Federal Custody in New York. He has been Charged with Sex Trafficicking, Racketeering and Kidnapping charges. These offenses go back to 2008 and also his violence towards women. He faces decades in prison if convicted. 
The Luther Vandross Documentary “Never Too Much’ hits theatres Nov 1st. It will then air on CNN and HBO Max in January . 
The Life of Childhood star Gary Coleman (Different Strokes) is now streaming on Peacock. 
Get well wishes and Prayers are going to Singer Freddie Jackson who recently revealed he is battling Kidney Disease. Jackson is 67. 
Sade is returning with New Music in November. In honors of Transgender Awareness Month she is coming out with a song dedicated to her Transgendered Son. 
Big News on Oscar winning Actor Denzel Washington! Denzel Washington is returning to Broadway in ‘Othello’ with Jake Gyllenhaal. it’s a 15-week engagement that runs March 23rd until June 8th. The Piana Lesson the movie based on the August Wilson play opens in theatres Nov 8th and starts Streaming on Netflix November 28. This project was a family affair for the Washington family. His son Malcom directed the movie, His Son John David Washington is one of the stars also with his sister Katia who serves as Executive Producer. The movie also stars Samuel L Jackson, Erykah Badu and Corey Hawkins. Gladiator 2 comes out Nov 22nd Denzel teams up with Paul Mascall and Pedro Pascal. 
The Latest Project from acclaimed Actor Coleman Domingo Man on a Mission comes out November 28th. It also stars Actor/Comedian Deon Cole (Blackish) . Cole has a new special airing on Netflix ‘Okay Mister’. 
Rapper/Actress Talk Show Host Eve has a written a book about her life. The book Who’s that girl is out now. Eve recently sold her music catalog 
The Animated version of the 90’s TV series ‘Everybody Hates Chris’ is airing on  Comedy Centralh ‘Everybody Still Hates Chris’. 
The Steve Harvey Movie is coming to the big screen. His life Movies, TV, Books and Radio. 
Former Eagles LeSean McCoy is entering The Eagles Hall of Fame. McCoy was a member of The Eagles for six years he’s going to be inducted November 3rd when the Eagles take on The Jacksonville Jaguars. 
The Mike Tyson , Jake Paul fight is scheduled for November 15th on Netflix. 
They starred in the Best Man anthology series now they are reteaming for a new Crime Comedy movie, Terrance Howard and Taye Diggs. 
It’s Beyonce on the latest edition of GQ Mazine. She's promoting her new Whiskey Line ‘Sir Davis. 
It’s Tennis Sensation on the latest issue of Harpers Bazaar. Her new wellness book 8 steps to find your awesomeness is out now. 
Patti Labelle is coming to Parx Casino Friday December 6th. 
Boys to Men will be joining the Eagles on their third and final Holiday. Jordan Mailata, Jason Kelce and Lane Johnson. 
Lee Daniels latest movie ‘Deliverance is  streaming on Netflix. The horror movie stars Andra Day, Glenn Close, Monique and Anjanue Taylor Ellis. 
Halle Berry is coming to Netflix! The Oscar winner is teaming up with Mark Wahlberg in the Spy Thriller ‘The Union’ where they play Former high school sweethearts caught in an espionage thriller overseas. The Union is streaming now. 
Morris Chestnut has joined the cast of Reasonable Doubt the HULU Show starring Emayatzy Corinealdi is streaming now.  
Mariah Carey is headed to Philly in an all-new Holiday Show at the Wells Fargo Center Tuesday DECEMBER 3. She’s also returning to Las Vegas in an all-new residency in December. Also returning to Las Vegas get ready for Janet Jackson 
Kevin Hart has added another show to his residency at The Met Broad and Poplar. The added show is Thursday December 5TH. And Friday December 6th It’s the Acting My Age Tour.. 
Bad Boys 4 with Will Smith and Martin Lawrence is now available to buy on Video on Demand. 
Singer Cher and future Rock and Roll Hall of Famer Cher is ready to tell all. She's releasing not one but two books' autobiographies based on her life. The first volume comes out this Fall. 
Captain America: Brave New World is coming to Theatres and Disney Plus February of 2025. Actor Anthony Mackie steps in the new Captain America and Harrison Williams is playing The President of the US.  
Singer Jeffrey Osborne is coming to Atlantic City November 23rd at Caesars. 
Jamie and Cameron Diaz play Husband and Wife in the movie ‘Back in Action’ coming to Netflix in November. It was during the filming of this movie that Foxx had to Hospitalized for a mysterious illness. 
The Kennedy Center Honors are happening December 8thand will air on CBS December 23rd. Singer Bonnie Rait, The Apollo Theater, Filmmaker Frances Ford Coppola and The Grateful Dead are among those being honored. 
The Supremes at Earls all you can eat movie is streaming on Hulu movie stars Sanaa Lathan, Uzo Adoba, Aunjane Elliss Taylor and Mehki Phifer. 
Actor Aldis Hodge is the new Alex Cross based on the bestselling Alex Cross book series by James Patterson. It’s coming November 14 to Prime Video. 
The New Racing car drama F1 Starring Brad Pitt and Damson Idris is coming to Theaters next Summer. 
The new Smurfs movie will be featuring the voices of Rihanna and Oscar Winner Octavia Spencer. 
Babyface is coming to Atlantic City. Friday December 13th at The Tropicana Showroom. 
Get ready for the 2025 Honorees for the Walk of Fame in Hollywood. Nia Long, Fantasia, Sherri Sheperd, Prince, Jane Fonda, The Isley Brothers, Rapper Busta Ryhmes, and Actor Courtney B Vance to name a few.  
Tyler Perry is teaming up with Faith Based Leader Devon Franklin to do Faith based movies on Netflix. 
CBS Mornings and former NFL Player Nate Burleson has been named the new host of Hollywood Squares. Drew Barrymore will be the Center Square. The show will air on CBS and kick off early next year. 
Congratulations to Quincy Jones he’s getting an honorary Academy Award at the 15th Annual Governors Award in November. 
Katt Williams is preparing a whole new show for next year. ‘Heaven on Earth’ is coming to Atlantic City Boardwalk Hall Saturday April 5th. 
Tyler Perry has tapped Tariji P Henson to star in his next movie for Netflix. The Movie will also star Sherri Shepherd, Teyana Taylor, Glyn Turman and Sinbad. Perry will write and direct the movie. 
The Neflix Comedy show The Upshaws with Mike Epps and Wanda Sykes is ending. 12 new episodes have been ordered and the show will wrap up in early 2025 
The Game Show Jeopardy is getting a spinoff on Prime Video. Pop Culture Jeopardy will feature topics on music, film, TV, stage and sports. 
The 50th Anniversary of Saturday Night Live is happening next year February 16th with a three hour special. 
Martin Lawrence is going back to his roots with a nationwide Comedy Tour ‘y'all know what time it is’. He’s coming to Atlantic City Saturday January 25th at the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino. 
The Grammy Awards will be announced November 8th, and the 67th annual Grammy Awards will air on February 2nd. 
Mufasa the Prequel to Disneys The Lion King is coming to theaters Dec.20. Featuring the voices of BEYONCE her daughter Blue Ivy Carter and Donnald Glover. The movie tells the story of a young Mufassa and Scars. 
Tyler Perry has just signed a multi-year deal with the BET Network. All of his shows have been renewed including Sistas, All the Queens Men, The Oval. And get ready for another Madea Movie later this year. Madeas Destination Wedding is coming to Netflix later this year. 
Malcolm Jamal Warner has joined the cast of the Angela Bassett ABC Show 9-1-1. 
Good News for Cedric the Entertainer and Tichina Arnold their CBS Comedy show The Neighbors has been renewed for a 7th season. 
Shemar Moore’s show S.W.A.T. is coming back for a full season on CBS. 
Gladiator 2 with Denzel Washington, Paul Mescal and Pedro Pasqual hits theatres Nov. 22nd.Denzei is currently filming a new Spike Lee movie Called High, Low with Rapper Ice Spice. 
A lot of exciting shows are coming to Philly next year at the Academy of Music Ensemble Arts Philly is presenting the Michael Jackson Musical “MJ” Jan. 8-19 
The Wiz June 3-15, this year it’s Hamilton Oct 29th-Nov 23 
Patti Labelle is coming to Atlantic City Friday June 7 at the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino 
Production on the Michael Jackson Movie has wrapped up. Director Antoine Fugua (Training Day) is directing. Jemaine Jacksons son Jafaar will be playing to King of Pop. The movie will cover his triumphs, the Highs and Lows of his career and well as his creative genius side. Philly Native Colman Domingo will be playing Joe Jackson in the movie. Joe was the Patriarch of the Family. Actress Nia Long will be playing Mom Katherine Jackson. The movie is coming out in thevSpring of 2025.Actor Larenz Tate has also been added to the cast as Berry Gordy. And Actor Kendrick Patrick is playing Quincy Jones. The MJ Musical is on its way to Philly.at the Academy of Music in 2025. 
Quinta Brunson is teaming up with Bill Hader, and Bowen Yang for an animated version of the Dr Seuss classic Cat in The Cat. The Emmy Winning Actress from Abott Elementary is also going to be the keynote Speaker at the upcoming Commencement address for Temple University. 
Denzel Washington and Spike Lee are joining forces again for the Apple TV Movie High/Low. 
Get ready for the Boyz to Men Bio pic. A movie is being made about the bestselling R&B Group of all time. 
Simon Cowell the Judge who brought us American Idol and Americas Got Talent is developing a new talent show for Netflix. 
SWV and Xscape are teaming up for season 2 of their reality Show on Bravo. 
Eddie Murphy is teaming up with KeKe Palmer for his new Prime Movie ‘The Pickup. It's a heist comedy that they are currently filming in Atlanta. Tim Story from the Barber Shop Movies is directing. 
The Dionne Warwick movie is finally happening. Actress Singer Teyanna Taylor is playing the Legendary Singer. 
Vivica A. Fox keeps a gig. She is going to be hosting a food competition show where families compete with their recipes. 10 thousand dollars is up for grabs. 
Actor Anthony Anderson and Marsai Martin from Black ish fame are joining forces with Oscar Winner Viola Davis for the Thriller G20. The is about Terrorist who take over the G20 Summitt and Davis plays the President of the United States. 
Rapper/Actor Ludacris is coming to BET Plus he’s going to star in a dramedy about his life. 
Actor Jaleel White (Urkel Family Matters) has a new game show. Flipside will air on CBS stations. The game show is about whoever has the best Intuition on Human Behavior. 
I am now part of the Philadelphia Music Alliance Walk of Fame. My bronze plague is on Broad Street. Broad and Pine in front of The University of The Arts. 
Judge Greg Mathis is joining The Byron Allen TV Network with a new court show Judge Mathis debuts this Fall. 
` 
If you would like more info please email me at PattyJackson@iHeartMedia.com or check me out with my midday reports at 10:30am, 12:30pm and 2:30pm during the day on 105.3 Wdasfm. Or join me on Social Media Twitter:Mspattyjackson Instagram Wdaspatty and Facebook Patty Jackson and on Youtube Patty Jackson