Opening with "Dance the Night" by Dua Lipa, So You Think You Can Dance season 18 dropped us back into the Audition rounds for its second episode. We spent more time with the dancers this go around as we got to see them socialize and cheer each other on.
A new element was also introduced as there's a running order board we got to see inn "Auditions: Day 2." The list, in order, was as follows: Braylon, Madison, Arianna, Gideon, and Kaylee. Clearly these were some of the dancers we were going to be seeing in the episode but who made the cut? Here's who made we'll see in the choreography round!
Hometown: Killeen, TXAge: 18Dance style: ContemporarySong: "Retrograde" by James Blake
As Braylon explained, he'd grown up in a town which boasts the largest military base in the country. This affected his ability to be understood as folks couldn't see making a career out of dance. In fact, he had a 4th grade teacher who suggested he try out for the football team rather than worrying about ballet since boys don't do that style of dance. It's a moment that sent him home in tears, but Braylon's parents encouraged him, particularly his mother who said that people may not understand what he's doing but that he should keep going.
The judges were so impressed by Braylon's routine that they gave him a standing ovation. He's the kind of dancer this competition is made for because he's ready to walk onto the job today.
Hometown: Chicago, ILAge: 21Dance style: Jazz funkSong: "Just Dance" by Lady Gaga
When Madison got her chance to come before the judges, she took a moment to tell Allison Holker that she's her inspiration. She was determined to show them what she's got and that's exactly what she did with her jazz funk routine. Comfort Fedoke noticed that Madison seemed to be drawing from a well of emotion when she dances and, though she doesn't often talk about it, Madison did share that it comes from overcoming bulimia, an eating disorder she combated for over 10 years. She got a yes from all three of the judges.
Hometown: West New York, NJAge: 21Dance style: Hip-hop flamenco fusionSong: "Angels in Tibet" - Amaarae
Arianna came to prove a point. She wanted to show that full figured dancers aren't just the "fat best friend" or only capable of being back up dancers for Lizzo (who she loves). Dancing runs in Arianna's blood as her mother was a performer and taught her salsa. It's her sister, Amanda, that's inspired her to live life fully. Amanda was diagnosed with stage 2 ovarian cancer, and she continues to push and fight for the life she wants which is exactly how Arianna wants to be in her own life.
However, her journey on So You Think You Can Dance was nearly cut short as her routine didn't initially win the judges over. While the inclusion of her fan and the flamenco elements were a highlight of her performance, Maksim Chmerkovskiy felt she needed more flamenco steps. Comfort thought her energy was high, but she wanted to see more of the fusion Arianna spoke of while Allison felt her routine lacked finishing moments. It was, too, fluid; there wasn't anything that popped.
Initially, Arianna didn't win all three of the judges over but later, Allison felt that she'd made a mistake by not giving her an opportunity to showcase more that she's capable of. As that's the spirit of the competition, and with the support of Maksim and Comfort, she went out to tell Arianna herself that they'd like to see her back for the choreography round.
Hometown: Los Angeles, CAAge: 27Dance style: JazzSong: "Never Gonna Not Dance Again" by P!nk
Having danced from a young age, Kaylee had reached her dream of dancing professionally as a young adult but then she was diagnosed with Ehlers-Danlos syndrome when she was 21. The illness affects connective tissue which severely limits mobility over time and can be incredibly taxing. It has no cure and no treatment, the symptoms can only be managed. As such, Kaylee was told that she should stop dancing and so she quit.
She expressed that when she became disabled, having someone who was fearless and who could be a voice, and someone to connect to would have meant the world since she felt so alone. Now she's choosing to be that person for anyone who is watching this season and to bring awareness to the illness. At this stage in her dancing, Kaylee has learned to adapt and she utilizes a wheelchair to assist her as she performs. She surprised her fellow contestants when she'd told them that she'd only been using her chair for a year and a half.
Kaylee's a bright performer, her energy and spirit shines through her movement and in her eyes as she embodies the music. The judges found her routine to be dynamic, but they did ask what recovery looks like for her after she dances. She explained that she rests and ices, and later she'll crash but she's fine for now. They took her answer into consideration but it didn't stop them from telling her she got yeses across the board.
Hometown: Scottsdale, AZAge: 19Dance style: Pointe with jazz and contemporary elementsSong: "Miss Me More" by Kelsea Ballerini
Avery came to the audition with two of her friends--Olivia Zeiml and Madison Kotch. They all attend the University of Arizon together, are dance majors, and are a part of the same dance collective. She, however, stood out from them with her pointe routine where she not only attacked the music but showed that there was more just waiting under the surface with her. Maksim felt she could book a music video tomorrow, which is exactly what they're looking for, but that she needs to take bigger risks and be pushed out of her comfort zone.
Olivia and Madison were encouraged to come back next season to audition again after they work on the pointers they were given. Madison needs to work on connecting to the music and her performance in order to draw people in. Olivia received a similar note about matching her movements to the song and reaching the intensity of the music she selects.
Hometown: Oak Park, CAAge: 22Dance style: N/ASong: "Love on the Brain" by Rihanna
Cole brought fire and spice to his heels routine that impressed the judges enough for him to earn yeses from all three of them. Maksim felt that his performance showcased what this season of So You Think You Can Dance is all about because it gives so many dancers with differing backgrounds, disciplines, and training the chance to show their talent. He knows there's a lot more Cole should be able to do in heels, so he wants to see more of his ability in the choreography round.
Hometown: Mumbai, IndiaAge: 24Dance style: Contemporary fused with Indian folkSong: "Tere Rang" by Haricharan and Shreya Ghoshal
Janil wore a beautiful, vibrant skirt to his audition as a means of showcasing the bold choices that he makes in his personal style and dance. He knows that it's not well received for Indian men to wear skirts, but historically they did, and it's a piece of history that he chooses to honor. It's the storytelling of Janil's dance that impressed the judges, especially Comfort who highlighted his opening stance and his choreography in her comments about his routine.
Hometown: West Haven, UtahAge: 22Dance style: JazzSong: "Beautiful Trauma" by P!nk
Kenidee is only 22, but she's looked death in the eye more than once. She credits her mother for her endless support and advocacy even in the face of doctors who insisted she would be alright. Had her mom not pushed to get her admitted to the hospital after falling ill, and repeatedly being told it would pass, she would have died at the age of 9. Her lungs had filled with fluid while sick and multiple medical professionals missed it before her mom pushed for more tests to be done.
For her routine, Maksim sat out of the judging process because he knows Kenidee. They worked with each other, so it was up to Comfort and Allison to decide if she'd be moving forward. The two dancers had nothing but praise for her as she did a classic jazz performance. It was like a palate cleanser after seeing so many fusion styles during auditions. Considering Maksim said we'd only seen the bottom of Kenidee's ceiling, which is why he was honest about it not being his favorite routine of hers, we can expect much more from this already exciting and dynamic contestant.
Stay tuned to Hidden Remote for more news and coverage!
© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.