search
Celebrity broker departs Douglas Elliman in a market with “not a lot of inventory”
SHARE THIS ARTICLE
FONT SIZE
Josh Flagg, one of the most recognizable luxury brokers in Los Angeles as a long-time star of Bravo’s “Million Dollar Listing” series, is moving from Douglas Elliman to Compass, the company announced Tuesday. He will work in Compass’ Beverly Hills office.
Flagg made more than $3 billion in residential real estate sales in the past decade, according to his website. Last summer he brokered the sale of Rihanna’s $10.3 million Beverly Hills home to UTA agent Tracy Jacobs. He also represented the sellers in StubHub founder Eric Baker’s purchase of 1001 North Roxbury Drive in Beverly Hills for $40 million in 2020.
He joined Douglas Elliman in 2021. Upon his exit, Flagg said his colleagues at Elliman were “like family” and he loved the agency, but added “I am finally ready to embark on my next venture.”
As for the timing of his move, “the market is really not down, there’s just not a lot of inventory,” he said in a statement.
Flagg began his career in luxury real estate after graduating from Beverly Hills High School in 2004, according to his autobiography “Million Dollar Agent: Brokering the Dream.”
He was a member of the original cast for reality TV show “Million Dollar Listing,” which premiered in 2006.
His clients include A-list celebrities and luxury brands, including the late actor Matthew Perry, Universal Music Publishing Group CEO Jody Gerson, the Getty family, the DeBartolo family, Van Cleef & Arpels and Prince Abdullah of Saudi Arabia. 
Flagg brings more than $400 million in listings to Compass, including a $28.9 million Beverly Hills property at 9463 Sunset Boulevard; Pasadena’s most expensive home at 2 Oak Knoll Terrace, priced at $32 million; and Judy Garland’s former home in Bel-Air at 1231 Stone Canyon Road, with an $11.5 million price tag.
Last year, he launched a real estate media platform called Estate Media, which offers a combination of entertainment and education content and is aimed at real estate professionals.
Compass, a New York-based publicly listed brokerage, has more than 1,400 agents in the Los Angeles market.
The brokerage posted a $320 million loss last year and in the fourth quarter reported negative cash flows for the first time in six months. Its headcount growth has slowed as well. Compass grew its average total agent count by 1 percent in 2023 compared to 22 percent the year before. 
All rights reserved © 2025 The Real Deal is a registered Trademark of Korangy Publishing Inc.