Filed under:
They might not be the stars, but without these performers, Mizzou’s teams would not have gotten to where they did
It’s awards season at Rock M Nation, and we’ve got a lot to celebrate from the 2023-24 school year. New hires, postseason highs, incredible individual and team performances... There’s a lot of good things going on in CoMo, and we intend to talk about it. 
And because we always strive to do things a bit differently around here, we created our own award, the Rock M’my, last year. Consider it to be part Emmy, part Espy, and all parts love of Mizzou Athletics. (pronounced Rock Emmy)
I encouraged the staff to not just consider the major sports and the top dogs, but to dig below the surface and select worthy nominees from all the teams. Luckily, Rock M Nation represents a diverse group of writers with knowledge about a variety of Mizzou sports, so this wasn’t too much of an ask. With each nomination, you’ll also find a bit of backstory, so you, the fans, can make an informed decision, because at the end of each post, you’ll vote. Forget to cast your ballot one day? No big deal. I’ll provide links to the other awards from the preceding posts.
Once all the votes for each award have been tabulated, I’ll present a winners list, and that student-athlete will win our completely serious award that will undoubtedly be the greatest triumph of their lives thus far. 
Teams don’t win because of the contribution of one star. After all, there are six players on the volleyball court and 11 on the field at Faurot during a game. So while we all bask in the glow of a Krings shutout, Brady Cookin’, a perfect 10, an amazing sack by D-Rob, a deMarrais kill, a Frankie double-digit scoring game and a conference title, we also should celebrate the others who stepped up in a big moment, and those who were on the sidelines leading their respective teams to victory. 
When you hear about the stars of Mizzou soccer it’s usually either Kylee Simmons or Bella Hollenbach. But what happens when Hollenbach is unavailable in net?
With Bella recovering from an injury, backup Kate Phillips helped lead the team to a 2-1-1 record. Starting as a freshman, Phillips put up a clean sheet in her collegiate debut. She followed that up with probably her best performance, making three saves while only allowing one goal in a massive 3-1 road win against Creighton. Phillips racked up 11 saves in her four games, helping tie over the gap when Hollenbach returned and was back to her usual self. You couldn’t ask anything more out of the freshman, playing the most crucial position and holding her own against some top-notch offenses. -Dylan Heinrich 
The 2012 Missouri Tiger offensive line was a revolving door of walking-wounded and freshmen not ready to see the field and were a total liability in a snake-bit season. But then then the next year they were one of the greatest offensive lines ever seen in Mizzou history. The 2022 Missouri offensive line was a total liability until the next year when...they magically weren’t.
I’m not saying that offensive lines need to suck out loud for one year in order to figure it out and make a leap the following year. But it has happened twice at Mizzou! And Brady Cook and Cody Schrader and Luther Burden and all the fun offensive weapons wouldn’t have any time to do anything if it weren’t for the power of two sixth years finally putting it together (Javon Foster and Xavier Delgado) and three newbies — Connor Tollison, Cam’Ron Johnson, and Armand Membou — finally meeting their potential. If it weren’t for those five gentlemen (and coach Brandon Jones!), the 2023 season would have been a much sadder story to remember. -Nate Edwards 
Not a meet went by during the 2024 season without a mention by the broadcast team of how much fun this Missouri Tiger team seemed to be having out on the floor. They talked about the Fab Floor’s acrobatic combinations, the artistry, the music and the elevated performances. These floor exercisers just radiated joy. Who was responsible for such awesomeness? That would be new assistant coach Jackie Terpak, who arrived from heaven (technically, Arkansas and Temple) to turn Mizzou’s FX routines to gold.
Per an interview with The Maneater’s Nate Salsman, Terpak choregraphs each routine to the individual athlete’s personality. For instance, freshman Hannah Horton’s dream floor routine music was Rihanna and featured inspo from her Super Bowl routine, while she worked alongside another freshman, Kylie Minard, her co-create her choreography.
Where would Mizzou Gymnastics be without Jackie Terpak and her supremely talented skillset? Certainly not where they ended up, which was 8th in the nation on floor with a program high of 49.700, set at the season’s final regular season meet. —Karen Steger
Wichita native Caleb Grill had a double-double with 13 points and 10 rebounds coming off the bench in an 82-72 victory over Wichita State on December 3 that propelled Mizzou to a 7-2 start to the season. It was an encouraging performance which instilled belief that Mizzou Basketball could turn things around in the non-conference portion. 
After being sidelined with a wrist injury against kansas, however, the team’s reliance on him became even more apparent as the Tigers went 0-19 in conference play and didn’t see him in a game the rest of the season. Returning after being granted a medical waiver, he is certainly going to play a big part with the team’s depth this year.  —Sammy Stava
It’s certainly an arguable point, but Luke Bauer may have turned in one of the two or three most important plays of the season, regardless of star or reserve status. If you’ll recall, the Tigers entered the game at #23 Kentucky with a solid 5-1 record but were coming off a stinging home defeat to LSU. A win at Kentucky would erase that and assure Tiger fans that this was a legitimate team that could be counted on to make some noise. A loss here and 5-2 was okay but what kind of season would it really turn into.
The game couldn’t have started worse for Mizzou. The Tiger offense looked feckless in its first three possessions, going for a combined 10 plays, 16 net yards and one interception as the Wildcats jumped to a quick 14-0 lead. The Mizzou defense finally got a stop and the offense showed signs of life by driving to the Kentucky 33 before a 3rd-down fumble stalled the possession out and forced a punt. Or so Kentucky thought.
In punt formation, Bauer took the snap around midfield and after selling the fake, he lofted a spiral deep down the left sideline, where speed merchant WR Marquis Johnson made a contested catch at the 12-yardline and then sauntered into the endzone to get the Tigers on the board and out of a funk. That TD turned the tide for good, as Mizzou outscored UK 31-7 after that play. The win moved Mizzou to 6-1 overall and earned the team bowl eligibility. Had this play not been made, it’s easy to envision Kentucky going the other way for a score and an insurmountable 21-0 lead. For a guy who didn’t even see the field until the fourth game of the season, this was a play of seismic impact to the season. —Chad Moller
A closer is not the star of the team. They’re the one behind the scenes, waiting in the wings for a cue that it’s their turn to will their team to victory. I will allow the notion that Taylor Pannell became one of the more well-known players on Mizzou’s 48-win team this season, but it’s not because she asked for it. Her performances again and again this season demanded the recognition. Need her for a couple outs? No problem? An inning? Awesome. How bout as a long reliever in what ended up being a series sweep over South Carolina to end the regular season? Sure thing.
Mizzou Head Coach Larissa Anderson said of Pannell’s role, “It’s great to have someone like that on staff that embrace that role,” Anderson said. “That want to be in that situation, that thrive in that environment. For someone to embrace that role, it’s rare. It’s really, really rare.” 
And embrace it she did. So much so that she’s now not only atop Mizzou’s record books when she broke both the single season and career saves record during the SEC Tournament, but also tied atop the NCAA Division I single saves leader record board with 15, a mark which she set in Game 2 against Duke in the NCAA Super Regionals. Not bad for a sophomore. —Karen Steger
Mizzou assistant Dom Bradley helped Zach Elam reach the podium at nationals for the second straight year, placing fourth in the country at 285lbs after finishing sixth in 2023 as the first Mizzou heavyweight to become an All-American since Bradley himself. The thing that sets Bradley apart on this list, though, is that he also excelled in competition this year. 
He finished third in the 125kg challenge tournament at the U.S. Olympic Team Trials this year, defeating All-American Wyatt Hendrickson and NCAA national champion Greg Kerkvliet in the process. Keep in mind that Bradley is 35 years old, and his collegiate career ended over a decade ago - yet he still beat the best the current NCAA had to offer. Unbelievable stuff from one of the all-time Mizzou Wrestling greats, who went out on a high note as he retired after the Olympic Trials. -Matthew Gustafson
After Mizzou softball dropped its first game of Regionals to Omaha, the Tigers needed to win four consecutive elimination games to advance to Supers. They knocked off Indiana, Washington and Omaha a second time to force a winner-take-all against the Mavericks. In the sudden death matchup, Sydney Nuismer and Laurin Krings were both nearly untouchable; it felt like both teams were swinging at balls of cement with tree branches.
The game didn’t seem to have a near end in sight, as both teams were scoreless heading into the bottom of the ninth. It was then that the Tigers finally got runners in scoring position; with two outs and Alex Honnold on third, Madison Walker stepped up with a chance to play hero.
It’d been an up-and-down season for the freshman. She’d started as a mainstay at first base before being subbed out in favor of fellow freshman Abby Hay, who skyrocketed into one of Mizzou’s best players by season’s end. But now, Walker had the chance to have her name rung throughout Columbia with one swing of the bat. Facing a two-strike count, Walker laced a ball past Nuismer; shortstop Maggie O’Brien couldn’t get her glove on it, Honnold scored, and it was happy chaos in Columbia -Quentin Corpuel
In this case, Dudley was quite literally in a supporting role as Mizzou’s starting setter, distributing the ball to Jordan Iliff, Janet deMarrais and the rest of the squad all season long. It was a role she excelled in, starting all 31 matches for Mizzou as a true freshman and finishing the year with 1,161 assists, the first Tiger to reach the 1,000-assist mark since 2019. She totaled 30 or more assists in 22 matches last season and also added 232 digs, 55 kills and 22 service aces. Dudley’s performance led to a well-deserved spot on the SEC All-Freshman Team, and she should only improve in the next three seasons. —Matthew Gustafson
Coach Chamov is a scholar of the sport who prioritizes his athletes’ health and complements that priority with individualized training plans. In college athletics when injuries are unfortunately too common, the most supportive coaches must either help their healthy athletes earn titles/PRs or help their injured athletes recover, reset and return stronger. This season, Chamov proved he can do both. 
Under Chamov’s leadership, rookie triple jumper Sterling Scott earned second-team All-American honors at the NCAA Indoor and Outdoor Championships. Chamov supported Scott through his transition to collegiate competition. Chamov paced Scott’s training schedule so Scott could peak at NCAAs while reserving strength for his biggest stage this August: The World Athletics U20 Championships (World Juniors).
Chamov also coached Euphenie Andre to an SEC CHAMPIONSHIP TITLE in the triple jump. He refrained from having Andre compete in the indoor season to recover from an injury, with confidence she’d return “hungrier than ever.” And. She. Did. (Honorable mention: Chamov also helped Isabella Sokolova (LJ) skyrocket up the Missouri record book after she sat out during indoors to recover). — Abigail Klapatauskas
This poll is closed
Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.