Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
A man was taken to hospital after a bottle containing an alkaline liquid was reportedly thrown during a clash between two groups at Winter Wonderland in London's Hyde Park. Three arrests were made, including a 21 year old man, an 18 year old man, and a 16 year old boy. A Met Police spokesperson shared: "It was alleged that a bottle containing an alkaline liquid was thrown. A man who was splashed by the liquid was taken to hospital, where his injuries were assessed as non-life changing. No other injuries were reported."
The public has been urged to come forward with any information. A Hyde Park Winter Wonderland representative informed Metro of their immediate response, stating: "We do not tolerate any acts of violence." They further commented: "We are aware of an isolated incident involving a corrosive substance during an altercation between a small group on Sunday evening, which resulted in a person being taken to hospital."
 "Our medical and security staff attended the scene, and we assisted the Metropolitan Police with the arrest of three individuals that evening," reports the Express. "The safety of our visitors and staff is our top priority, and we do not tolerate any acts of violence.
"We have robust security measures in place, including bag searches, CCTV, onsite security services, specially trained staff that flag suspicious activity, and extensive perimeter protection. We will continue to support the authorities with their investigation."
Winter Wonderland is a large annual attraction in London's Hyde Park, consisting of bar and restaurant areas, themed rides, a Ferris Wheel and attractions including an ice skating rink, an ice kingdom, Zippo's Circus and rollercoasters. This year's launch in November featured a host of celebrities including Kelsey Parker, Aston Merrygold, Rebekah Vardy and Helen Flanagan.
Princess Andre was joined by step-mum Emily Andre as well as her brother, Junior Andre and his girlfriend, Jasmine Orr, as they enjoyed seasonal delights from mulled wine to cinnamon churros. 
Winter Wonderland event organiser Suzy Griffiths previously spoke to OK! in 2021 about the huge attraction that draws millions of visitors each November and December. "The great thing about Winter Wonderland is that the stars can blend in with the crowds and go pretty unnoticed by wearing a bobble hat and scarf. Rihanna visiting in 2019 was a pinch me moment. She was very low key in a black rain mac, but apparently loved the bratwurst." She also remembered that the Beckhams, Robbie Williams, Simon Cowell and Eva Longoria have all visited in previous years.