Canadian R&B singer, songwriter and producer PartyNextDoor has a bit of a conundrum, if you want to call it that. 
By all accounts, this introvert prefers anonymity to celebrity. However, by being involved with some of the biggest hits of the last decade, widespread fame and notoriety, the kind that stalks Party’s most notable associate, seems close. 
But for now, he can breathe.    
“The only thing that’s important, that has changed my life, is dropping music. I’m not worried about the fame,” he told Billboard earlier this year.  
The only question is for how long because gaining more fans always seems like a certainty whenever and wherever he performs. Such is the case when the enigmatic musician joins artists like Rema, Lil Wayne and Asake as co-headliners at AfroNation Detroit 2024 on August 17-18 at Bedrock’s Douglass site. 
Fans will become reacquainted with Jahron Anthony Brathwaite of Ontario, Canada. He has collaborated with your favorite artist—whether that’s Beyonce, Rihanna, Kanye West, or Drake—who made him the first artist signed to his OVO label. 
Yet, for an artist with his track record—pardon the pun—that sort of all-encompassing stardom that stalks his label boss has eluded him. But he seems okay with that. 
For those that don’t know, this Mississauga, Ontario native is a figure whose artistry transcends conventional musical boundaries.
His is a unique blend of R&B, electronic and dancehall influences. It’s a hazy, auto-tuned realm of melodic trap that is perfect for after-dark dalliances and other pursuits. It’s a sound that is uniquely his, that he has crafted since he broke through over 10 years ago. 
Party released his debut self-titled mixtape in 2013 under Drake’s OVO Sound label, an alliance that would prove pivotal in his career. This mixtape was not just a collection of songs but a bold proclamation of a new sound and era. 
“Welcome to the Party” and “Relax with Me” showed that he could weave intricate melodies with heartfelt lyrics, creating a sonic experience that was intimate, expansive and futuristic.
His subsequent projects, including “PartyNextDoor Two” and “PartyNextDoor 3,” solidified his place in the pantheon of modern alternative R&B. These albums were marked by a profound sense of personal and artistic growth, reflecting his journey from a burgeoning artist to a seasoned vet.
Yet, no PartyNextDoor discussion is complete without acknowledging his aforementioned collaborations with those icons. Thanks to his pen, we have Rihanna’s “Work” and Drake’s “Legend.” These anthems are testaments to his versatility and genius. Then there are his features like “Ghost Town” and “Wouldn’t Leave”: Party’s collaborations with Kanye West, which serve as sonic high points on the rapper’s 2018 album “Ye.”
In recent years, PartyNextDoor has continued to evolve, exploring new sounds and pushing the boundaries of what is possible in music. His 2020 album “Partymobile” is a testament to his enduring relevance and innovation. Tracks like “Loyal” and “Savage Anthem” reflect a maturity and depth that can only come from years of honing one’s craft.
After disappearing from view over the next few years, Party made a triumphant return this year with PartyNextDoor 4 or P4, released in late April. 
“This is the hardest I’ve ever worked on an album. This is the proudest I’ve felt,” he said.
For the most part, P4 finds the artist mining familiar sonic territory while adding some new touches, like the dancehall-tinged “For Certain.” Like his soul music predecessors, a relationship or two may have provided him with the material for his latest opus.
Clash called the album “supremely enjoyable.” New Wave Mag stated that P4 “feels like an ode to growth and development, released at just the right time.”
And Party’s highly anticipated performance at AfroNation will likely make his fans feel grateful that he has, indeed, reemerged at the right time.  
For information and tickets to Afro Nation Detroit, visit detroit.afronation.com.
Tacuma R. Roeback is the Managing Editor for the Chicago Defender. 
His journalism, non-fiction, and fiction have appeared in the Smithsonian Magazine, San Francisco Chronicle, Atlanta Journal-Constitution, The Tennessean, South Florida Sun-Sentinel, Phoenix New Times, HipHopDX.com, Okayplayer.com, The Shadow League, SAGE: The Encyclopedia of Identity, Downstate Story, Tidal Basin Review, and Reverie: Midwest African American Literature.  
He is an alumnus of the Medill School of Journalism at Northwestern University, Chicago State University, and Florida A&M University.

See author's posts

Tags: #concerts, Afro Nation Detroit 2024, Asake, Canadian Artists, Detroit events, Drake, Kanye West, Lil Wayne, Live Music, Mississauga Music, Music Collaboration, music festival, music industry, ovo sound, P4 Album, Partymobile, PARTYNEXTDOOR, R&B, Rema, Rihanna
Copyright © 2025. Real Times Media. All Rights Reserved.
Accessibility Tools