Aldi is due to launch a brand new range of health and beauty products just in time for spring. One of the items set for release is a Fenty-inspired lip gloss, which will save shoppers money off Rihanna's collection.
The supermarket's Lacura Pretty In Pink Lip Gloss Boss promises to deliver the perfect amount of shine and hydration. Aldi says: "Pouts will be left looking fuller, smoother, and lightly fragranced with a delicious vanilla scent."
The Lacura lip gloss will be available in stores from March 17, while stocks last, and is priced at £3.99. Compared to Rihanna's Fenty Gloss Bomb Universal Lip Luminizer, which costs £18 at Boots, Aldi's version can save fans £14. 
The budget lip gloss will be available in two shades - Pretty In Pink and In The Buff. Aldi added: "The new additions arrive as tinted glosses are set to be a big makeup trend for 2024."
Besides the new lip gloss, Aldi will also be bringing out various other dermatologically tested and cruelty-free products - including Lacura's new Perfect Skin Tint (£4.99, 30ml).
The lightweight tinted moisturiser offers "buildable coverage that will effortlessly even skin tone". Available in six shades varying from ‘Fair’ to 'Dark’, the formulation promises to "blur the look of imperfections" – much like the Fenty Beauty Eaze Drop Blurring Skin  Tint, but 82% (£0.74 per ml) cheaper. 
Shoppers will also be able to save even more with Lacura's new Scalp & Body Scrub, which costs £3.99 and offers similarities to Ouai’s £32 Scalp & Body Scrub. Lacura's new £3.99 Body Crème that "delivers long-lasting hydration" and is enriched with coconut oil, will save customers money on Ouai’s £30 version too.
There will also be a new multi-peptide hair and scalp serum coming to Aldi stores next month for £3.99, which offers "a lightweight, overnight treatment that fortifies straight from the root." The product is also fuelled with stimulating caffeine "to promote density". 
With similar features to The Ordinary’s Multi-Peptide Hair Density Serum, shoppers could save an impressive 80% (£16.81) when opting for Lacura. Lastly, Aldi's new Hydrate and Moisturise Scalp Serum "reduces dryness to help maximise conditions for healthy hair growth".
At just £3.99, it’s 70% (£10.01) cheaper than The Ordinary’s Natural Moisturising Factors + HA Scalp Serum. All of Aldi’s new Lacura beauty buys mentioned above will be available in stores from March 17.