By Milt Harris ——Bio and Archives--August 14, 2024
American Politics, News |  CFP Comments | Reader Friendly | Subscribe | Email Us
I wrote a column in February of this year about a Democratic Mayor who has been called the “Worst Mayor in America.” I won’t go that far because there are so many horrible Democratic mayors throughout the country. That said, I have no problem calling this particular mayor America’s most narcissistic mayor. 
Meet the mayor of Dolton, Illinois, Tiffany Henyard. If there was ever a case of power going to a person’s head, it’s Henyard. From her extravagant manner of dress and heavy makeup that some have described as looking like a “gangsta” or a drug kingpin to her unbridled spending, she is an out-of-control narcissist.
Having been elected in 2021, it didn’t take long to grow tired of her. As noted by Ballotpedia, Henyard, a Democrat, was subjected to a recall in 2022. Even though the vote favored recalling her, the results, which would have removed her, were ruled invalid.
Her abuse of power is disgusting, according to the New York Post.
During one meeting, Henyard, 40, dressed in the ensemble, signaled for a DJ to blare Rihanna’s “# Better Have My Money” as she sashayed around the room to underline a point, she was making, sources said.
According to the Chicago Tribune. Henyard committed to the character, carrying a small stuffed dog to evoke a scene from the 1991 crime classic, where Nino menaces and batters an underling.
As nauseating as all of this is, she also takes her thuggery to the streets. Lawrence Gardner, 57, said Henyard forced his business to close when he would not duplicate an initial $3,500 contribution to her campaign fund.
Gardner said fake claims of selling alcohol and revocation of his business license followed his refusal to pay out more cash.
Former Dolton Mayor Riley Rogers said the attitude and spending are also concerns. The village is estimated to be $6 million in debt.
Rogers spoke about the way he feels about this, saying:
Now, Henyard has disappeared after an investigation has uncovered some astounding discrepancies in the village’s spending, including a $3.5 million debt and $40,000 spent on Amazon purchases in one day. In addition, it was uncovered that the excessive spending also included taxpayer-funded billboards, ads, lavish dinners, and trips, according to CBS. Earlier this year it was reported Henyard spent $7,650 on hair and makeup after taking office and billed the city for it.
Here’s where I see a problem. The trustees have hired the infamous former mayor of Chicago, Lori Lightfoot, to conduct the investigation. IMHO, that is similar to allowing the fox into the hen house. I wouldn’t exactly call Lightfoot the most trustworthy or capable manager. Worse, this cash-strapped village hired Lightfoot at a rate of $400/hour.
Dolton Trustee Brittney Norwood said:
In February, Norwood told CBS News that the trustees had been denied bank statements. Lightfoot has uncovered questionable spending, including out-of-control credit card use with few receipts.
Another issue is police overtime, with two officers earning six-figure overtime pay last year, more than doubling their base salaries. One officer earned $108,000 in overtime in FY2023 and $114,000 in FY2024, while the other made $87,000 in FY2023 and $102,000 in FY2024, far exceeding their base pay.
In March, Henyard vetoed calls for an investigation into herself, which were overturned in April. A former city employee also accused Henyard of retaliation after she said a village trustee sexually assaulted her on a trip to Las Vegas last year, after which she was fired after speaking up.
One community member who has known Henyard for 15 years told the New York Post earlier this year:
Henyard is obviously draining the Village of Dolton's resources and using city resources for her wardrobe, makeup, dinners, travel, and unnecessary security. She needs to be located and punished. However, hiring Beetlejuice at an exorbitant hourly rate is not the best way to cure their financial woes.
View Comments
Milt spent thirty years as a sales and operations manager for an international manufacturing company. He is also a four-time published author on a variety of subjects. Now, he spends most of his time researching and writing about conservative politics and liberal folly.
Link, Bookmark, Share, Subscribe, Donate
Pursuant to Title 17 U.S.C. 107, other copyrighted work is provided for educational purposes, research, critical comment, or debate without profit or payment. If you wish to use copyrighted material from this site for your own purposes beyond the 'fair use' exception, you must obtain permission from the copyright owner. Views are those of authors and not necessarily those of Canada Free Press.
Content is Copyright 1997-2024--the individual authors | Site Copyright 1997-2024 Canada Free Press | Privacy Statement