What would Charles Dickens have made of the modern City of Westminster, or Olympian Paris for that matter? Two hundred years ago he became well acquainted with the present Archdiocese of Westminster while his father was in debtors’ prison just over the river in Southwark. As a man of generally anti-Catholic disposition, the younger Dickens would no doubt have been disturbed by how a particular road in Westminster would develop. 
In his day, one end of Victoria Street combined the establishment splendour of the Palace of Westminster and Westminster Abbey. The other end of the newly built thoroughfare was occupied by Victoria Station and a house of correction for women and juveniles. In the late 19th century the Tothill Fields site was redeveloped as Westminster Cathedral. The neighbourhood around it is now home to a shopping centre and, as always, the homeless.
Confusion between the Cathedral and the Abbey continues among many, but not the homeless. The Cathedral volunteers are inured to requests to see the location of King Charles’s coronation or his mother’s funeral. These visitors are seldom impressed to hear that we housed the relics of Saint Bernadette in 2022, or that we have the entire body of St John Southworth in a glass case, plus a number of cardinals in the crypt. We do not, however, have queues or an entry fee.
Until recently we didn’t have an exhibition space, either. Westminster Abbey opened its dazzling-sounding Diamond Jubilee Galleries six years ago this month. For an extra fiver, on top of the £29 admission charge, the main attraction is a view of the Abbey nave. You can’t quite see Poets’ Corner, with its most reluctant resident: Dickens has been in Westminster Abbey since his death in 1870.
Although his wish was to be buried in Rochester Cathedral, his aura was too great for that. It was Church of England relic-hunting, really; an irresistible trophy for the Dean of Westminster, who wanted a big name. Visitors to the Abbey still pay their respects at Dickens’ grave, and every June there is an official wreath-laying ceremony.
What can be seen in the Diamond Galleries is a large assortment of material that has either never been displayed in the Abbey, such as 15th-century monks’ footwear, or was removed from public view for its own safety, such as a mildly-vandalised 13th-century painted altarpiece.
Just as the Abbey space was almost forgotten after Queen Elizabeth II’s coronation, the Cathedral has something similar but smaller, albeit with an excellent view of the ten-metre-high Great Rood, hovering celestially with its new energy-saving lighting. The likes of this have not been seen at Westminster Abbey since the Reformation.
When the Cathedral was built, there was a conscious attempt to avoid stepping on the toes of the Anglican establishment down the road. According to Pevsner, Cardinal Herbert Vaughan wanted “an Early Christian basilica, partly in order not to compete with Westminster Abbey, partly because it could be built in one rush and ornamented at leisure”. The ornamentation is still in progress.
Outside, there is one improvement that Vaughan would not have anticipated. Instead of being invisible to passers-by on Victoria Street, in 1975 the facade was opened to the public gaze and given its own spacious piazza. A hundred years earlier, Catholic churches were expected to be hidden.
The Cathedral remains unknown to most tourists and residents of London. The only conspicuous feature has always been the bell tower. It also appealed to the Catholic film director Alfred Hitchcock as a good place for the baptism and confirmation of his wife – but not for their wedding, which was at the Brompton Oratory. The campanile provided the perfect location for some vertiginous suspense in Foreign Correspondent.
The newest attraction at the Cathedral is only one floor up the tower. Despite the lack of altitude, Hitch might have liked it. The It’s Iconic! exhibition is the first in years – anywhere – to look exclusively at crucifixes. Some of the most memorable imagery of Hitchcock’s few spiritually-inclined films depends on scenes of the crucifixion, which are inescapable in I Confess and The Wrong Man.Catholics also have an abbey in London: Ealing Abbey, which has become the site of the first UK school of iconography linked to the Catholic Church. The exhibition will include works from this pioneering course – and they are incontrovertibly iconic. 
There appears to be no museum in the world, let alone in the UK, dedicated solely to this supreme symbol of love and suffering. Exhibitions of crucifixes are almost as rare. The focus has usually been on liturgical vessels, reliquaries and religious paintings. Peak publicity was achieved by the Metropolitan Museum’s “Heavenly Bodies” of 2018. The multiple-entendre of the title became clearer at the Met Gala, which was more about pop singer Rihanna in a mitre than the ravishing vestments lent by the Vatican.
A preliminary overview of the subject of crucifixes was provided a year before that event at Westminster Cathedral. The Museum of the Cross, embryonically based in France, put on “Cross the World: Building Bridges with Wood” in 2017. This time, the still-homeless museum presents “It’s Iconic”. Bigger and more comprehensive than before, it aims to reclaim a word that has been hijacked by everything from table lamps to sports shoes.
The ultimate icon will always be the crucifix, the most widely-used religious image in history. The exhibition itself is unlikely ever to be awarded the accolade of “iconic”, but it will at least be different from the recent British Museum blockbuster: “Legion: Life in the Roman Army”, which featured the remains of a crucified man without mentioning the Victim who transformed Rome’s shameful and rarely described punishment into the most ubiquitous household and personal image that has ever existed.
Could humanity have created a more arresting expression of devotion than depictions of the Crucified Christ? There is surely no other icon that has been made in so many locations over so many centuries. While the basic form stays true to Biblical accounts, the variety of materials and details of the subject matter show how different communities and individuals have expressed their faith. It is a visual reminder of how universal the Church is.
Countless individuals across most cultures have interpreted Christ’s death in their own way, so long as they stick to the basics. It needs to be a man on a cross, although a tree has often been used instead. Debate over whether it should be three nails or four tells us about the spirit of the time and place, not the central message of Christ’s sacrifice. Even for an atheist, the thought of a fellow human going through the torment of crucifixion should give cause for reflection.
The exhibition examines the true diversity of the crucifix; everything from its anatomy to the materials from which it has been made. There is a special emphasis on mother-of-pearl, and some items have been turned into a tactile experience.
Westminster Cathedral may not have all the attractions of the Royal Peculiar down the road, but it is trying to maintain religious art as a living tradition.Photo: The cross hanging over the alter at Westminster Cathedral, London, 21 February 2007. (Photo by Peter Macdiarmid/Getty Images.)
The exhibition ‘It’s Iconic!’ opens at Westminster Cathedral in mid-June; unlike Westminster Abbey, entry by voluntary donation.This article will appear in the July 2024 issue of the Catholic Herald. To subscribe to our award-winning, thought-provoking magazine and have independent and high-calibre counter-cultural Catholic journalism delivered to your door anywhere in the world click here. 
This page is available to subscribers. Click here to sign in or get access.