By JUSTIN ENRIQUEZ and SARAH SOTOODEH FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  14:37, 22 February 2024   |  Updated:  17:38, 22 February 2024   
 51
View  comments
 Meryl Streep was seen on an intimate dinner date with Only Murders In The Building co-star Martin Short after denying romance rumors multiple times.
The 74-year-old Oscar winning actress and 73-year-old comedian looked very cozy as they exited celeb-favorite Giorgio Baldi in Santa Monica side-by-side on Wednesday evening.
No doubt the luxurious Italian restaurant was the place to be seen as many A-listers - notably Rihanna - frequent the hotspot as they were joined by a group of friends for the occasion.
 Both stars were all smiles as they headed out within close proximity to one another.
Meryl looked casual cool in a burgundy jacket over a pink blouse, black jeans, and black sneakers.
Meryl Streep was seen on an intimate dinner date with Only Murders In The Building co-star Martin Short after denying romance rumors multiple times
Her blonde locks were worn down as she showed off her natural looks by going make-up free under her signature cat-eye eyeglasses.
Martin kept his look simple in a black blazer over grey quarter-zip sweater, black trousers and grey sneakers
This comes just weeks after Martin denied they were romantically involved for thje second time during an episode of Club Random with Bill Maher in late January, after they put on a cozy display during several awards shows - including the AFI Awards.
'We're not a couple, we are just very close friends,' Martin said on the Sunday episode.
'Well, you should because there's nothing more powerful in Hollywood than a power couple,' Bill noted.
A rep for Short has already previously denied that anything romantic has been going on between the pair.  
'It worked for Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman, it worked for Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie,' the host joked. 
 The rumors swirled after the stars posed close during the 81st Annual Golden Globe Awards on January 7 and again on January 12 at the AFI Awards.
The 74-year-old Oscar winning actress and 73-year-old comedian looked very cozy as they exited celeb-favorite Giorgio Baldi in Santa Monica side-by-side on Wednesday evening
No doubt the luxurious Italian restaurant was the place to be seen as many A-listers - notably Rihanna - frequent the hotspot as they were joined by a group of friends for the occasion
After the Golden Globes, fans speculated they were romantically involved, with his rep telling People they are just 'good friends, nothing more.' 
Days later at the AFI Awards luncheon, Meryl playfully put her hand on Martin's face on the red carpet - as if to playfully push him away. 
Once inside, the pals sat close and giggled up a storm while seated next to each other at the luncheon.
The actors star together on Only Murders in the Building - alongside Selena Gomez, Steve Martin and Jackie Hoffman.
Martin plays Oliver Putnam and Meryl plays Loretta Durkin.
Meryl separated from her husband Don Gummer in October 2023, after 45 years of marriage.
This comes weeks after Martin denied dating Meryl for the second time; seen January 7 at the 81st Annual Golden Globe Awards
The actor  denied they were romantically involved during the latest episode of Club Random with Bill Maher, after they put on a cozy display during several awards shows; seen January 12 at the AFI Awards
Days later at the AFI Awards luncheon, Meryl playfully put her hand on Martin's face on the red carpet - as if to playfully push him away; at the AFI Awards luncheon on January 12
Once inside, the pals sat close and giggled up a storm while seated next to each other at the luncheon
The actors star together on Murders in the Building - alongside Selena Gomez, Steve Martin and Jackie Hoffman. Martin plays Oliver Putnam and Meryl plays Loretta Durkin
The former couple have four children together: daughters Mamie, 40, Grace, 37, and Louisa, 32, and son Henry, 44. 
At the time of the split news, Meryl's representative told People in a statement: 'Don Gummer and Meryl Streep have been separated for more than six years, and while they will always care for each other, they have chosen lives apart.'
Martin is widowed; he was married to actress Nancy Dolman, who passed away in 2010 from ovarian cancer.
They married in 1980 and welcomed three children together: Katherine Elizabeth, 40, Oliver Patrick, 37, and Henry Hayter, 34. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group