We may earn a commission if you buy something from any affiliate links on our site.
It’s all well and good to commission John Galliano to create a waist-obscuring and outrage-inducing corset, but absence, as we learnt earlier this week, is perhaps the most intense spectacle of all. That was a lesson made obvious when Rhianna suffered a sudden bout of the flu and failed to arrive at the Met Gala: a legitimate – though not entirely unexpected – sabbatical for someone who has spent the past few years teasing spectators and journalists with an accretion of eleventh-hour entrances.
Rihanna in Manhattan.
That the Met Gala’s unofficial princess had been rendered bed-bound for an event themed around “sleeping beauties” was an ironic and unfortunate twist of fate. Particularly for the wild card, London-based designer Jawara Alleyne, who was rumoured to have created Rihanna’s 2024 Met Gala look. (He is now selling a line of T-shirts printed with the precise moment the musician first endorsed his work, taking what would have been the ultimate anointment into his own hands.)
But every sleeping beauty is at some point revived from hibernation and Rihanna last night emerged from her sick bed at the Carlyle Hotel in Manhattan – no less than three days after she was due to be photographed at the Metropolitan Museum of Art – dressed in a hoodie, a bias-cut skirt and a jumbo-sized Chanel handbag. At this point, it is obvious that Rihanna operates in her own time zone – once arriving at the 2023 Met Gala only after the cockroaches, and scheduling her cover interviews to take place at 3.26am – but consider this further proof that she perhaps owes you nothing more.
St. Agni
Bias Slip Skirt
St Agni
Chanel Pre-Owned 2021-2022 Bucket Shoulder Bag
Farfetch
Filippa K
93 Swedish Wool Hoodie
Filippa K
Everything You Need To Know About The Met Gala 2025
Join The Vogue Newsletter For The Latest Fashion, Beauty And Street Style Trends Straight To Your Inbox
Read Billie Eilish’s May 2025 Cover Interview In Full
The Key Spring/Summer 2025 Trends To Know Now
Join British Vogue’s Met Gala Community Ahead Of Fashion’s Biggest Night. This link redirects to a third-party website.
More from Vogue
Condé Nast Britain
© 2025 Condé Nast