Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
The designer collaboration includes unisex shoes, bags and clothing, with select styles (including the limited-edition pair of Air Max 1 sneakers) currently discounted for Cyber Monday.

							By 

	Erin Lassner

E-Commerce Writer

	If you purchase an independently reviewed product or service through a link on our website, The Hollywood Reporter may receive an affiliate commission.

	In July 2024, Nike and Jacquemus rekindled their partnership, almost exactly one year after the brands’ summer 2023 collection. And right now, select styles from the 2023 and 2024 collaborations are discounted for Cyber Monday.

	The most recent capsule debuted the iconic Nike Air Max 1 with a few Jacquemus twists: a square toe, new square and circle Nike Air windows, a mini silver metal swoosh, leather-tipped laces, a pair of round and square keychains and, of course, the Jacquemus logo on the back and tongue. The classic two-tone white sneakers, offered in unisex sizing, are 40 percent off for Cyber Monday and nearly all sizes are available at time of publish.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	Lifestyle
			



	
		
					Celebrity Stylists Love T3's Hair Tools -- But This Is Really Why the New Aire IQ Smart Hair Dryer Is Worth Buying		
			














	
	Lifestyle
			



	
		
					Battle of the Summer Beauty Sales: 10 Hollywood-Coveted Products to Buy at Walmart Over Amazon		
			








	The design duo also made an all-silver version that immediately sold out after Kim Kardashian sported them, but you can still find a few pairs on StockX. Select sizes of the solid red model — completely sold out on Nike’s website — are currently discounted at Ssense and Revolve.

	As part of the most recent drop, Nike and Jacquemus founder and designer Simon Porte Jacquemus also teamed on ready-to-wear clothing in the colors of the French flag: blue, white and red (with some hints of silver). These two styles are currently discounted for Cyber Monday:
		Also on sale in the red colorway.	

	Cyber Monday sale styles from the summer 2023 product assortment include:
		Also on sale in the white and bright pink.	

	In addition to the sale styles, the July 2024 collection‘s assortment of clothing also featured track pants, dresses, skirts and bras: all elevated versions of traditional sportswear styles. Plus, the star of the show may very well be the Nike x Jacquemus Le Swoosh Bag, a mini purse with an adjustable strap that’s sold in solid white, navy and red, and retails for $420.

	French luxury brand Jacquemus has taken Hollywood by storm, dressing everyone from Gigi Hadid and Emily Ratajkowski to Dua Lipa and Rihanna, with Blackpink’s Jennie Kim even making her runway debut in the Capri show this past June.

The 2024 campaign was fronted by Serena Williams and starred lots of famous faces, including Central Cee, Manu Rios, Amina Muaddi and Lila Moss.
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.