Inside Philanthropy
Go beyond 990's.
Wendy Paris | December 5, 2024
When singer/actor/businesswoman Rihanna decided to wear a see-through, floor-length sheath covered in crystals to an awards ceremony at Lincoln Center in 2014, her crystal of choice was Swarovski. The following year, Madonna’s tour included 2.5 million Swarovski crystals on some 350 costumes. Swarovski is known not just for crystal-covered celebrities and high-priced, crystal-bodice wedding gowns designed by Vera Wang, but also glittering drop earrings, stacks of chunky chokers, embellished eyeglasses, crystal figurines, swan pendants and an annual limited edition crystal snowflake holiday ornament. Swarovski crystals have added sparkle to films, from Dorothy’s ruby slippers in “The Wizard of Oz” to Marilyn Monroe’s jewelry in “Gentlemen Prefer Blondes.”
Daniel Swarovski founded the Swarovski company in 1895 in Wattens, Austria, tapping the region’s mountain streams for hydropower to fuel his vision of creating “a diamond for everyone.” A Czech jeweler whose father had a glass-cutting factory, Swarovski patented an electric glass-cutting machine that could make far finer jewels than lead glass cut by hand, catching the light much like their pricier cousins, diamonds. The company quickly established itself as an innovator in the art of glass, the go-to brand for anyone needing affordable bling at any time, and a staple of dazzling displays of wealth and refinement: In the 1950s, Coco Chanel, Elsa Schiaparelli and Cristobal Balenciaga all used Swarovski crystals in their creations. Alexander McQueen and Vivienne Westwood helped bring crystal into the new millennium. At times, the crystals have even become a symbol of excess (as with this crystal-covered Mercedes Benz)
Daniel Swarovski was, by all accounts, very philanthropic. He helped support a range of local causes, including an orchestra, cycling club, sports and leisure center, and summer camps for the children of his employees. His great-great-granddaughter, the Austrian-American businesswoman Nadja Swarovski, joined the company in 1995 with a plan to update it, including by founding the Swarovski Collective Project that works with trending designers, and reaching out to designers working in architecture, lighting and home décor.
Today, Swarovski has evolved into an international firm with stores around the world and three main businesses, including the original decorative crystal. The jewelry company has shifted its focus to younger, hipper consumers. Instagram shows Swarovski crystals embedded in nail art, on tennis shoes, bikinis. Both supermodel Bella Hadid and singer Arianna Grande became brand ambassadors for the company this year. Nadja Swarovski also established Swarovski’s sustainability department in 2012, then the Swarovski Foundation in 2013 to consolidate the company’s existing charitable giving and expand on it. The mission, as she put it on LinkedIn, is “to foster culture and creativity, promote human empowerment and preserve the environment.” 
The foundation’s director, Jakhya Rahman-Corey, started on the admin level and became the head when she was 30. As she told IP by Zoom from London, “Daniel and his wife, Marie, had CSR before it was a thing. Nadja [Swarovski] wanted to put in a structure, with due diligence and a way to measure impact.”
Unlike a freestanding family foundation formed from a founder’s wealth, perhaps with an outside exec to professionalize the giving, the U.K.-based Swarovski Foundation is still funded by the company, and tied to it. The foundation’s focus on equity, water and creativity and its two main program areas — water and elevating creativity to support sustainability — align with the company’s founding story. It’s a relatively small foundation; it had a 4.5-million-euro operating budget in 2023. As Rahman-Corey explained it, the foundation works to answer the question: “How do we advance creative talent that solves social and environmental issues?” 
The seven-member team works in London, Austria and the U.S., with six of the seven sitting in the company’s offices in London or Austria. Being on site helps tie the foundation to the firm, said Rahman-Corey. “Our colleagues are passionate about giving back, but the question is, ‘How do I give back?’ We want them to feel that they are part of it. It also leads to great volunteering opportunities.” She pointed to the Thailand team’s work with Teach for Thailand as an example of including employees more generally in corporate giving: “Our colleagues there have young people visit the office to learn a bit about career opportunities. We had a finance director showing a group of kids an Excel spreadsheet. It’s an example of young people learning in a very informal setting about something they may be interested in in the future.”
Nadja Swarovski headed up one of the foundation’s two main programs, the Waterschool, which launched in Austria in 2000 and now has a nine-module curriculum. Waterschool teaches children about the ecological, economic and social issues that affect local and global water supplies, and focuses on ensuring that schools and communities have clean, safe drinking water and water for sanitation. The foundation has since expanded the school to India, Brazil, China, Uganda, Thailand, Australia and the U.S., siting outposts along some of the world’s most significant rivers.
Related Inside Philanthropy Resources:
For Subscribers Only
In 2021, the Swarovski Foundation launched the Creatives for Our Future grant program to support people working on ways to address sustainability. Run in collaboration with the United Nations Office for Partnerships, the program uses the word “creative” as a noun to include anyone making basically anything (as is typical in today’s parlance). Grantees must be aged 21 to 30, and can be working in fashion, design, art, architecture, engineering — any field in which one can experiment with a new or improved way to meet the U.N.’s sustainable development goals or increase awareness of them. 
“We were seeing the impact of the pandemic on the creative industry and we thought, ‘How can we support creatives around the world who are hard hit?’” said Rahman-Corey. “Where do we see a gap that we could support? We were hearing about many creatives being impacted, but we also thought they could be part of the solution for the environment and society. We put out this call for individuals and received applications globally. The idea is, some of these creative ideas, where can they land?”
It’s a small program, with just six winners a year — one each from six different continents or land areas — a way “to create a global community,” said Rahman-Corey. Winners receive 20,000 euros each as well as education, mentorship, peer support and networking. The next cohort of six will be selected and notified in January 2025, and the foundation will make its formal announcement of winners in April. Grants go out in May.
Each group attends a special event at the United Nations Headquarters in New York. “We always platform the young winners. Imagine telling a 21-year-old that you’re going to present yourself on stage at the United Nations World Headquarters to a room of 250 people. For them to advocate in their own voice is essential,” said Rahman-Corey. “True empowerment is for individuals to share their stories.”
Winners so far have included New York-based Noemi Florea, founder of Cycleau, which turns grey water into drinking water; Columbian bio-designer Julieta Gaitan, who creates natural fabric dye from fungi; the Boston-based founder of Cellsense, Aradhita Parasrampuria, who makes beads for embellishment from algae and cellulose; and Indian architect and urbanist Gunraagh Talwar, who invented Dumpcrete, a building material made from construction debris and silt. As  Florea, a 2022 cohort member said, “Thanks to the Creatives for Our Future program, I’ve been able to scale my water treatment solution, Cycleau, and see it come to life in a public installation on Governors Island in New York City, where I can continue to test and develop it.”
For Joshua Ichor, a year-two winner from Nigeria who created a clean-water kiosk and is the founder and CEO of Geotek Water Solutions, the trip to New York was his first ride on an airplane and in an elevator. He’s now been invited every year by an organization during climate week or to the U.N. General Assembly to talk about his hand-pump monitoring system, which he started in Nigeria and has since brought to Kenya and Uganda. 
Ichor said that he learned about the Creatives for Our Future program through an online network of climate tech innovators. The grant allowed him to design and develop a prototype of his Geotek water monitoring system, including improving the technology to capture, as he put it by email from Nigeria, “real-time data on water infrastructure and quality. We used the funds for research, prototyping and deploying systems in communities across Nigeria. This investment directly resulted in supplying over 50,000 liters of clean water daily to more than 10,000 people.”
The Swarovski Foundation’s nonmonetary support, such as mentorship from industry leaders and networking opportunities, was transformational, he said. “I received guidance on scaling the technology, integrating advanced data analytics, and navigating partnerships with governmental and nongovernmental organizations. Networking opportunities introduced me to global experts in sustainability, which helped refine my project and provided access to additional resources to grow Geotek. . . The project’s reach now impacts multiple communities in sub-Saharan Africa.”
Ichor said he has applied for other fellowships, but the Swarovski Foundation grant was rare in its focus on mentorship and community impact. “The programme itself is much more holistic, emphasizing both personal growth and project scalability. Additionally, the fellowship gave me a platform to share my story, culminating in the BBC StoryWorks documentary that showcases our journey as well as speaking at the United Nations General Assembly and sharing my story with a wide audience,” he said. “To me, it is more of a family than a fellowship.”
For Rahman-Corey, foundation work is a way to connect to people around the world, both with their struggles and opportunities. She grew up in London, but her family is from Bangladesh, and a visit to that country inspired her career. “My life would look different if I’d been born in Bangladesh. So I thought, how can I make the most of [the opportunities I’ve had]? How can I connect with people and their stories?” 
Does she wear Swarovski crystals? “I’m a big fan of the jewelry. How can you not love the crystals? The way it corresponds with the foundation is the ethos. It’s multifaceted light and it brings people together. That’s what the sparkle starts with.”
Filed Under: IP Articles Tagged With: Conservation, Front Page Most Recent, FrontPageMore, Global Development, Global Health
About Us Contact Us FAQ & Help Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Sign up for a single user or multi-user subscription.
© 2025 - Inside Philanthropy