You don’t have to be Rihanna to pull this off
There are certain clothes that seem incompatible with each other—that is, until Rihanna decides to put them on. A sweeping fur coat paired with bedazzled high-fashion crocs? That’s so Rihanna. A mesh jersey paired with a silky fur-trimmed blouse? That’s so Rihanna. A fluffy bathrobe coat paired with champagne satin pumps? That’s so Rihanna.
But even though Rihanna is Rihanna, that doesn’t mean that all of her outfits are unattainable for the rest of us mere mortals. During a recent family outing in West Hollywood, the superstar offered up a new style hack that anyone could easily pull off.
Rihanna ventured out for a mini family shopping spree Sunday at a Los Angeles CVS, where she was joined by boyfriend A$AP Rocky and their two-year-old son, RZA. While cruising through the aisles, she looked effortlessly cool in a pinstriped Bottega Veneta set composed of a collared long-sleeve top and baggy pants. Rihanna wore the top slightly unbuttoned, revealing a sliver of her black bra and layers of long gold chains underneath. In order to elevate the simple look, she added an easy accessory that you likely already have in your own closet: a patterned silk scarf.
Rihanna’s choice of scarf—a white handkerchief with a black border trim and orange and pink floral illustrations—was loosely layered beneath her top’s collar, adding a preppy finish to her otherwise laid-back ensemble. 
To complete the look, the “Love on the Brain” singer accessorized with some sporty touches, like a navy-blue New York Yankees cap and speckled multicolored sneakers. She also wore narrow oval sunglasses with gold wiring and diamond stud earrings.
Tracee Ellis Ross Sports Wedge Balmain Boots
Dua Lipa Gives Leather Looks the Spring Treatment
Doechii Pays Homage to André Leon Talley
Hailey's Miami Outfits All Had This in Common
Bella Hadid Poses in Poolside Lingerie and Curlers
Prince Harry Says He May Not Return to the U.K. 
George Clooney Played Softball In Central Park
Hunter Schafer Gives the Tracksuit a Playful Twist
Blake Lively Wears a “Wedding Gown” on Late Night 
Bella Hadid Glows in a Bubblegum-Pink Set
J.Lo’s Dress Shimmers Like a Starry Night Sky
Hailey Bieber’s Party Dress Is Made of Watches
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.