Gunna had the world pushing all things "P," thanks to his banger track with hitmakers Young Thug and Future. Now, it's time to wear P. 
That's right. Gunna is launching his first fashion line called P by Gunna (of course!). 
It's unclear how long Gunna's label has been in the works (maybe since the song took over the internet a couple of years back). However, in early May, the musician began to tease the brand's summer launch alongside some reveals of its starstruck logo, the letter P with a star stamped in the middle. 
Gunna himself has effortlessly worked P's pieces into his everyday drip, usually occupied with Rick Owens and Saint Laurent pieces. In turn, he's quietly revealed several P pieces, most notably loads of motorsport jackets — one of which landed on a Times Square billboard recently. 
Based on Gunna's recent 'fits and teases, fans can also expect some beanies, tanks, and denim trousers down the road. There's even a P-Star tee, a Gunna-fied play on G-Star joined by the musician's birth year (1993) emblazoned on the front. 
Gunna is currently juggling a new One of Wun album and a North American tour, but he squeezed in time for the launch of his fashion brand. Mark your calendars for June 5, when P by Gunna officially launches on the label's website. 
Gunna launching his own fashion brand makes sense, really. The musician is stylish (period) and is now sharing his drip with fans. 
"Drip Season 4EVER" is more than just a project title. It's a lifestyle for Gunna. Since early on in his career, Gunna has made his affinity for fashion known through name-brand shoutouts in songs and even his personal style. 
Gunna's outfits have left the internet buzzing several times before (one even got Rihanna's approval for a Halloween costume). But whether folks loathed or loved his unafraid style, Gunna has consistently stuck to his "fashion guy" ways.  
There have been questions about what Gunna's P really means. Is it pushing positivity or simply keeping it real? Regardless, the time to wear P is nearly here. 
Titel Media GmbH (Highsnobiety), is committed to facilitating and improving the accessibility and usability of its Website, www.highsnobiety.com. Titel Media GmbH strives to ensure that its Website services and content are accessible to persons with disabilities including users of screen reader technology. To accomplish this, Titel Media GmbH tests, remediates and maintains the Website in-line with the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG), which also bring the Website into conformance with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990.
Please be aware that our efforts to maintain accessibility and usability are ongoing. While we strive to make the Website as accessible as possible some issues can be encountered by different assistive technology as the range of assistive technology is wide and varied.
If, at any time, you have specific questions or concerns about the accessibility of any particular webpage on this Website, please contact us at accessibility@highsnobiety.com, +49 (0)30 235 908 500. If you do encounter an accessibility issue, please be sure to specify the web page and nature of the issue in your email and/or phone call, and we will make all reasonable efforts to make that page or the information contained therein accessible for you.