Hailey Bieber really knows how to start beauty trends. Last year the Rhode founder set social media on fire by proclaiming "Strawberry Girl Summer" had officially begun. The now pregnant model is moving on, however. She's put away her red blushes in favor of more peachy varieties. Full disclosure: This sudden shift may be due to the fact that the aforementioned Rhode will soon be introducing blushes to its lineup. We appear to get a preview via Bieber's latest beauty tutorial titled My Peachy Beachy Summer Makeup. In the video, she applies "sunburnt bronzy terracotta" and "pinky-orange" blushes with said blushes hidden from the camera. You don't have to wait until Rhode drops its new blush line to recreate the look since there are already several peach blushes on the market.
Peach blush is not hard to find. The real quest is tracking down one suitable for your skin tone that blends easily and seamlessly. So we took on the mantle by reviewing numerous versions to narrow down the long list. Here are our top seven peach blushes to try ASAP. We'll make sure to alert you when Rhode drops its own version(s).
A post shared by Hailey Rhode Baldwin Bieber (@haileybieber)
Fenty Beauty Cheeks Out Freestyle Cream Blush in Peach Face, $26 at Ulta Beauty
Leave it to Rihanna to create a peach blush that looks great on practically everyone. This nongreasy cream blush delivers the perfect pop of color. Plus, it's sweat- and water-resistant, which is vital when rocking blush in the summertime.
NYX Professional Makeup Buttermelt Blush in Sooner the Butta, $10 at NYX Cosmetics
Technically a tangerine with glowy shimmer, this pick is actually good for your skin since it boasts mango butter, almond butter and shea butter. The high-pigment powder formula blends seamlessly and will stay put for up to 12 hours.
Glossier Cloud Paint in Beam, $22 at Glossier
There are many reasons why Glossier blushes are so popular. They're user-friendly and sheer so they're easily blendable. This soft peach will melt into your cheeks for natural-looking results.
ColourPop Pressed Powder Blush in Shortbread, $12 at Ulta Beauty
Peach can be a neutral as evidenced by ColourPop's warm take. The pressed powder blush is a finely-milled formula that glides on producing a natural flush.
Jones Road The Best Blush in Peachy, $28 at Jones Road
If your skin is a bit on the sensitive side, you should add this peachy pick to your shopping cart. It's free of irritating talc yet still lays claim to a silky powder formula that's easy to build and blend.
Clinique Cheek Pop Blush in Melon Pop, $29 at Ulta Beauty
This peachy blush provides that coveted just-pinched look. It's dermatologist-tested and won't cause breakouts. Plus, it lasts a really long time.
Milani Baked Blush in Sunrise Serenita, $10.99 at Milani
Milani's Baked Blush supplies just enough shimmer to make it look like you've been lounging in the sun. It's also buildable and richly pigmented so you can find your perfect shade.
© Copyright Fashion Times 2024. All rights reserved.
Your Privacy Rights
The material on this site may not bereproduced, distributed, transmitted, cachedor otherwise used,
except
with the priorwritten permission of Fashion Times.
© 2025 Fashion Times LLC. All Rights Reserved