He also spoke on his forthcoming game show 'Quiz With Balls.'

							By 

	Amber Corrine

Staff Writer, News

	While appearing on an episode of The Jennifer Hudson Show that aired Tuesday (May 28), Jay Pharoah spoke on his Fox game show Quiz With Balls and also showed why he’s one of the most entertaining voices of today. 

	Before exiting the show, Hudson asked Pharoah a few fun questions that he had to answer as select celebrities. The comedian and actor effortlessly showcased a list of impersonations including Barack Obama, Katt Williams, Mike Epps, The Rock, and Stephen A. Smith.

	Additionally, the 36-year-old gave an impromptu rendition of Eddie Murphy, when asked what would be one of dream roles to play.

	










	“What is Rihanna’s real name, and you have to answer it as President Obama,” J Hud asked as Pharoah floored the room as the former POTUS. “Well, I mean a lot of people call her Rihanna, I mean but I, personally I call her Robyn, because that’s her name,” he said.

	Taken back, the EGOT star then asked, “Who is the all-time leading NBA scorer? And you have to answer as Mike Epps.” Pharoah got into character as The Upshaws actor and responded, “Man everybody knows man, hey man, look because like when it comes down to the greatest player you just got to give it up to Bron Bron.” 

	The audience roared in laughter and applause. See below. 

	Elsewhere, Pharaoh flawlessly spoke about the famed Mona Lisa painting as Katt Williams, and answered a question about the world’s largest animal in the voice of Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson. The former Saturday Night Live star also gave a hilarious impersonation of sports commentator, Stephen A. Smith, while talking about what a “bae” is.

	“You sound like every single person you’re doing,” Hudson praised him. “Like are they sitting right here? And a lot of them have sat here.”

	Take a look at the talented Jay Pharoah impersonating celebrities above.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.