Jamie Dornan previously snapped at Loewe fashion show
Actor Jamie Dornan has been unveiled as a global brand ambassador for the Spanish fashion house headed up by Northern Ireland designer Jonathan Anderson.  
The Tourist star will be one of the main faces for luxury brand Loewe and is set to feature in its men's spring/summer 2024 catalogue. 
The campaign will be shot by British photographer David Sims.
"Welcome to the LOEWE family,” the company posted on Instagram. 
"Actor Jamie Dornan joins as our new Global Brand Ambassador.”
A post shared by LOEWE (@loewe)
The Holywood star teamed up with the fashion brand for a campaign last summer.
Magherafelt designer Anderson, who is also creative director of his own brand JW Anderson, shared pictures on Instagram as part of Loewe's Fall/Winter 2023 collection photo shoot back in July. .
The snaps featured the Fifty Shades actor showcasing a number of men’s outfits. 
The latest announcement has attracted a flurry of comments from adoring fans who have been replying with heart and fire emojis.
“Perfect choice,” one social media user wrote. 
Another replied: “Jamie is perfect for this.”
The father-of-three started out as a model around 20 years ago and collaborated with big labels including Hugo Boss and Calvin Klein.
Meanwhile Anderson has established himself as a celebrity guru when it comes to deciding what to wear and has created outfits for Beyoncé which she has worn during her world tour.
The custom looks by Loewe donned during the Renaissance Tour included a striking jumpsuit and a silver bodysuit.
Inspired by the escapist joy of Beyoncé’s seventh studio album Renaissance, Anderson created a series of stage looks for the iconic singer that play on sculptural forms, trompe l’oeil and body illusion for her shows.
Actress Gal Gadot is also among the stars who have stepped out wearing JW Anderson designs. 
Last year Heartstopper actor Kit Connor and Sex Education star Asa Butterfield took up front row seats to watch Anderson’s Milan fashion show.
The designer also had a hand in in Rihanna’s striking red Super Bowl ensemble.
Daily Headlines Newsletter
Receive today's headlines directly to your inbox every morning and evening
Please check your inbox to verify your details