Need some new (old) song ideas for your next karaoke night? Look no further! Here are some of the best karaoke song choices from the 2010s.
Really, any Adele song will do for karaoke, but "Rolling in the Deep" has to be No. 1. It's a 2010s favorite that'll get the crowd going and singing along. "Hello" would also absolutely kill.
You know I had to include this gem. "Somebody That I Used to Know" will have everybody in the bar screaming the words right along with you. I know I would be.
Miley has had some great songs over the years, and "Wrecking Ball" is high on that list, so naturally, it's an obvious choice for karaoke. The most successful song choices bring everyone together, and by choosing this one, you'd achieve that.
Lizzo rounded out the end of the 2010s with "Truth Hurts," which nobody could stop singing. It makes for a great choice for karaoke because it's fun for a night out with friends and reminds us of simpler times.
Fun may not have stuck around for long, but they gave us a few winners that we'll never forget, like "We Are Young." Choosing this song will say to the world (or the karaoke bar), "We're young, fun, and doing a song that everyone knows." The band's other singles, "Some Nights" and "Carry On," will also do the trick.
First of all, Lewis Capaldi's entire first album, Divinely Uninspired to a Hellish Extent, deserves all of the praise. You could perform any song on there, and I'd be into it, but if you're looking for something everyone can sing along to, you better go with "Someone You Loved" if you're not tired of it yet.
With three albums from the 2010s to choose from, it's hard to choose just one song by The 1975. "The Sound" was one of their first songs I remember hearing and thinking, "I could really get into this," and I did, making the band my entire personality. Do this song just because it's fun.
Similarly, choosing just one Rihanna song is such a challenge. Honestly, anything from Loud to Anti will be good, but "Only Girl (In The World)" is a pretty strong choice.
"Moment 4 Life" is still probably my favorite Nicki Minaj song, and it's a great karaoke choice if you can nail it. Perform it as a duet, or go solo if you really want to impress your friends. Just don't forget to breathe.
"Still Into You" is also a great choice, but there's just something about "Ain't It Fun" that screams "the perfect karaoke song." I'm also partial to anything on the After Laughter album.
Lana Del Rey gave us a lot of great songs in the 2010s, and "Video Games" was one of them. As one of her more popular tunes, you can guarantee almost everyone will know it so go ahead, don't be shy!
Of all of Katy Perry's music, "Teenage Dream" is probably one of the best songs for karaoke. Well, that and "California Gurls." Any of her hits will work, but this one will really shut it down.
This one is for the Swifties! It's not the most upbeat or happiest of songs, but its impact on pop culture makes it one of Taylor's best. If the place is cool enough, maybe they'll even let you do the full 10-minute version.
Anything from their first two albums, In the Lonely Hour and The Thrill of It All, will certainly do, especially "Too Good at Goodbyes." That said, "Stay With Me" is a classic. It will get the people going.
"thank u, next" is just fun. You can't really go wrong with any Ariana Grande song, so do you, but I'm telling you, no one will be upset by this choice. Unless they hate fun, that is.
Please consider "Dancing On My Own" for your next karaoke song! If, for some reason, they weren't on board with Ariana, Robyn will surely be a crowd-pleaser. "Call Your Girlfriend" is also a really strong contender.
I know most people would probably say "Royals" for obvious reasons, but "Green Light" is kind of underrated and the better karaoke song! Since it's not usually a go-to for karaoke, it'd be unexpected and exciting. Go on, do it!
"Call Me Maybe" may be acceptable, but Carly Rae Jepsen has better songs, like "Run Away With Me." It was one of the best pop songs of 2015 and will surely make the crowd go wild.
This was the hardest one to narrow down because, hello, it's freaking Lady Gaga. If you're looking for a duet, "Shallow" is a great option. However, if you're planning on going solo, I'd recommend "Marry the Night" or "Perfect Illusion" if you have the stamina.
As one of CeeLo's most popular songs, it's an obvious choice for karaoke. It's incredibly catchy and one that everyone would love to participate in.
Shelby Weimer is a content creator and comedy writer based in Brooklyn, New York, who grew up watching and quoting way too many movies, inevitably leading her to earn a film degree (oh no).  She has worked in just about every role in the entertainment industry and has written for various online publications, including Screen Rant.  When she isn’t writing and creating content, she’s most likely listening to her music a little too loud or tending to her cat/god of mischief, Loki
More must-reads:
Get the latest news and rumors, customized to your favorite sports and teams. Emailed daily. Always free!