Jeremy Allen White attends the 29th Annual Critics Choice Awards at Barker Hangar on January 14, 2024 in Santa Monica, California.
Jeremy Allen White has been crushing it on television with The Bear, and now, with his film, The Iron Claw. Since we first saw his acting on Shameless, White's face has been very distinct: big puppy dog blue eyes and pouty lips. He has always been handsome and somewhat weird-looking, but one person has applied science to the actor's features, made some edits, and determined his face to be perfect. Artist José Antonio Saliba overlaid a face anatomy mask on an image of The Bear star and aligned his facial features to fit the template designed by the Golden Ratio.
The Golden Ratio is a mathematical equation devised in ancient Greece to determine "physical perfection" by comparing measurements, ratios, and symmetry. During the Renaissance, artists and architects used the equation as an aid during the creation of their masterpieces using the mathematical formula. Scientists have equated the formula to 1/1.618 to explain what makes a person beautiful. The length and the width of someone's face are measured, and then the results are divided by that ratio. Measurements are then taken from the forehead hairline to the spot between the eyes, from the spot between the eyes and the bottom of the nose, and from the bottom of the nose to the bottom of the chin. A person is considered to be more beautiful if the numbers are equal.
Saliba's finished project shows White with sharper eyebrows, higher cheekbones, a smaller forehead, and perkier eyes. One Instagram user commented: "He’s unconventionally attractive, that’s what makes him attractive." Another compared the transformation to look "like the beast when he transforms into a human, when everyone knows Belle liked beast all beastly for a reason." One person said: "Again, his real face has more character and personality!" Another chimed in, "THE IMPERFECTIONS MAKE HIM PERFECT." One fan wrote: "People like him are unique looking and I always feel like this is an asset for their careers." Another said, "I prefer the natural 'average' face. His imperfections make him so hot." The artist has used the Golden Ratio on other popular celebrities, like Timothee Chalamet, Jacob Elordi, Ariana Grande, and more.

A post shared by

The Brooklyn native has a dedicated fanbase who loves his natural looks. His recent Calvin Klein campaign has provided fans old and new with plenty of content to thirst over the 32-year-old's chiseled body and saucy poses. Most fans preferred White's face as it was before "perfection" was applied.

A post shared by

You can also see White's "near-perfect" face in a film you may have missed, called Fremont. White is a support character. The black and white film focuses on Donya (Anaita Wali Zada); she's an Afghan refugee who worked for the U.S. military as a translator: when we withdrew, she came to America. Now, she works at a San Francisco fortune cookie factory, writing the sentiments inside. White is a mechanic who she happens to bump into. It's a sweet film, and one that is well worth your time.
February may be the shortest month of the year with just 28 days (29 on a leap year), but there are plenty of celebrities born in the second month of the year! People born in February are either Aquarius (born between February 1 and 18) or Pisces (February 19 to 28/29). Unique, highly intellectual, and creative, Aquarius can be an enigma to others but never to themselves. Air sign Aquarius is represented by the water bearer, the mystical healer who bestows water, or life, upon the land. They are the last of the air signs, and of all the zodiac signs, Aquarius is the most innovative, progressive, rebellious, and humanitarian. Aquariuses are known to be intellectual and curious, often interested in conspiracy theories and out-of-this-world thoughts.
Aquarius is ruled by Uranus, the planet that governs innovation, technology, and surprising events. This perfectly complements Aquarius' nontraditional nature. Aquarius also have a reputation for being cold and detached, sometimes so focused on their plans that they neglect their family and friends. Even though Aquarius can let the present slip away from them, their free-spirited and eccentric personalities make them so charismatic.
Meanwhile, February Pisces are typically the most stereotypical Pisces. Since February-born Pisceans are ruled purely by Neptune, they tend to embody those dreamlike and creative qualities. This can be both a strength and weakness, making Pisces born in February natural creatives who excel at channeling their deep feelings into meaningful works of art. Regardless, Pisces is the last sign of the zodiac, making it the most wise and psychic of all the other signs. There is much to be learned by Pisces, who tend to live half in a dream state. Represented by two fish swimming in opposite directions, the constant division of Pisces's attention between fantasy and reality is seen as this yin-yang symbol.
It is no surprise that many talented actors and musicians are born in the month of February. See below which of your favorite stars have a February birthday!
The "Watermelon Sugar" singer celebrates his birthday on February 1. As a former member of the boy band, One Direction, Styles has come a long way in his solo music career and has even taken up acting, appearing in a number of films. Our favorite acting role of his was in 'Don't Worry Darling,' starring alongside Florence Pugh and his ex, Olivia Wilde.
Her hips don't lie on February 2 -- that's when the Colombian singer celebrates her birthday. The "Queen of Latin Music" has had an impressive music career, beginning at just 13 years old! With a catalog of 145 songs, Shakira has sold over 95 million records, making her one of the best-selling music artists of all time.
The Godfather of Shock Rock celebrates his birthday on February 4. His band -- also called Alice Cooper -- reached their commercial peak in 1973 with their sixth studio album, 'Billion Dollar Babies.' He kept the name and began a solo career in 1975 with over 50 million records sold. Cooper is also a film actor (usually playing himself), a golfer and, a restaurateur.
The Guns N' Roses frontman celebrates his birthday on February 6. He has been the band's sole constant member since its inception in 1985. Possessing a distinctive and powerful wide-ranging voice, Rose has been regarded as one of the greatest rock frontmen of all time.
The "Friends in Low Places" singer celebrates his birthday on February 7. His mother, Colleen McElroy Carroll, was a 1950s-era country singer. As a child, his family hosted weekly talent nights and all of the children were required to sing or do skits. Brooks learned to play both the guitar and banjo. In 1985, Brooks began his professional music career, singing and playing guitar in Oklahoma clubs and bars. He's not one of the biggest stars, in any genre, in the world.
The stand-up comedian and actor celebrates his birthday on February 7. Rock first gained prominence in the '80s for his stand-up routines. He befriended Eddie Murphy and landed his first big break in 1987's 'Beverly Hills Cop II.' He joined 'Saturday Night Live' as a cast member from 1990 to 1993, and became known as the Bad Boys of 'SNL' alongside cast member Chris Farley, Adam Sandler, Rob Schneider, and David Spade.
The 'Loki' star celebrates his birthday on February 9. The English actor landed small roles in television and plays before his big break in 2011 in a starring role in the Marvel Cinematic Universe's 'Thor.'  Initially gunning for the movie's title character, Hiddleston bulked up, but was ultimately chosen for the God of Mischief -- a role we think he was perfectly suited for.
The 'Creed' star celebrates his birthday on February 9. Before becoming an actor, Jordan worked as a child model for companies like Modell's Sporting Goods and Toys "R" Us. He launched his career as a professional actor in 1999, when he appeared briefly in single episodes of the television series 'Cosby' and 'The Sopranos.' His first film role was in 2001's 'Hardball' alongside Keanu Reeves. The following year, he landed a small role as Wallace in the first season of HBO's 'The Wire.'
This "Goodfella" celebrates his birthday on February 9. Pesci was a barber, like his mother had been, before trying to pursue a music career as well. He later joined Frank Vincent in a comedy duo act before landing his first film, 'The Death Collector.' Gaining attention from Martin Scorsese and Robert De Niro for his performance, the two asked him to  co-star in Scorsese's 'Raging Bull.'
The 'Morning Show' star celebrates her birthday on February 11. Aniston discovered acting at eleven years old, later joining her high school's  drama society. Aniston first worked in off-Broadway productions and supported herself working part-time as a telemarketer, waitress, and bike messenger. After four unsuccessful television shows, Aniston was cast in her breakthrough role in the popular sitcom 'Friends.'
The "All I Wanna Do" singer celebrates her birthday on February 11. Crow first worked as an elementary music teacher, singing in bands on the weekends. She then sang in commercial jingles before touring with Michael Jackson as a backup vocalist. She also recorded background vocals for Stevie Wonder, Belinda Carlisle, Jimmy Buffett, and Don Henley.
The Incubus frontman celebrates his birthday on February 15. Boyd has recorded eight studio albums with the band and  released two solo albums. Besides occasionally playing the guitar during live performances, Boyd is known for bringing unusual instruments into his songs, such as the didgeridoo and djembe.
The "Savage" rapper celebrates her birthday on February 15. Her mother, Holly Thomas, rapped under the name "Holly-Wood" and would bring Megan with her to recording sessions instead of putting her in daycare. Meg began writing raps at  14, and when she eventually showed her mom her rapping skills at 18, her mother required her to wait until she was 21 to pursue rapping as a career.
The rapper and actor celebrates his birthday on February 16. He began his career as an underground rapper in the '80s, then co-founded the heavy metal band Body Count in 1990. As an actor, Ice-T has been on 'Law &amp; Order: Special Victims Unit' since 2000, making him the longest-running male series actor in history.
The 'True Detective' star celebrates his birthday on February 16. His father, Phillip Gilmore, was an actor who appeared on Broadway and Mahershala developed an interest in acting after first pursuing a sports career in basketball. He was known professionally by his full name, Mahershalalhashbaz Ali, from 2001 until 2010, until he began to be credited as Mahershala Ali. During that time, he starred in 'The Curious Case of Benjamin Button (2008),' the final two films of the  'The Hunger Games' and in 'House of Cards.'
The Green Day frontman celebrates his birthday on February 17. His father, Andrew Marsicano Armstrong, was a jazz musician and truck driver, but died of cancer. The song "Wake Me Up When September Ends" is a memorial to his father.
The "Shape of You" singer celebrates his birthday on February 17. The English singer-songwriter sang at a local church choir at four years old, learned how to play the guitar at eleven,  played cello, and began writing songs in high school. Sheeran began recording music in 2004, and at thirteen, independently released his first collection of work, titled 'Spinning Man.'
The Foo Fighters drummer was born on February 17, 1972, in Texas. Joining the band in 1997, Hawkins quickly became one of the group's most recognizable faces. He was the Foo Fighters' drummer for over 25 years and recorded eight studio albums with the band until his sudden death in 2022.
The record producer and rapper celebrates his birthday on February 18. He began his career as a member of the World Class Wreckin' Cru in 1985, and later found fame with N.W.A. Dre's debut studio album 'The Chronic,' made him one of the best-selling  music artists of 1993. He is the founder and CEO of Aftermath Entertainment and Beats Electronics. He also signed a number of huge stars, including Snoop Dogg and Eminem.
The 'Pulp Fiction' star celebrates his birthday on February 18. His mother, Helen Cecilia, was an actress and singer, and acted and directed before becoming a high school drama and English teacher. His siblings Joey, Ellen, Ann, Margaret, and Sam Travolta were all inspired by their mother's love of theatre and drama and became actors. John's first significant movie role was in 1976's 'Carrie,' before landing starring roles in 'Saturday Night Fever' and 'Grease.'
The "Love on the Brain" singer celebrates her birthday on February 20. Rihanna dropped out of high school in Barbados to pursue a musical career. She formed a musical trio with two of her classmates in her home country, but outshone the other two, and was later signed as a solo artist to Def Jam Recordings. Her debut single was "Pon de Replay."
The actress and talk show host celebrates her birthday on February 22. Barrymore was born into an acting family, and her career began when she was just eleven months old, appearing in a dog food commercial. She landed a starring role in 'E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial,' making her one of the most famous child actors of the time. With a notoriously troubled childhood, Barrymore went to rehab and later emancipated at 15.
The 'Get Out' star celebrates his birthday on February 24. The British actor wrote his first play at nine years old, after which he began performing improvisational theatre. During the aughts, Kaluuya starred and was a contributing writer for 'Skins.' He later landed a role in 'Black Mirror,' which gained the attention of Jordan Peele, who later cast him in 2017's 'Get Out,' his breakthrough role.
The "When a Man Loves a Woman" singer celebrates his birthday on February 26. Bolton played the saxophone at age seven, began writing songs at age nine, and by 14, he formed the Nomads and they were signed to a singles contract by Epic Records when he was 16. He was frontman of Blackjack and then went on to be a hard rock singer (really!). He later crossed over into pop.
The "I Walk the Line" singer was born on February 26, 1932, in Arkansas. The  country singer-songwriter was known for his themes of sorrow, moral tribulation, and redemption. Cash rose to fame during the mid-1950s in the flourishing rockabilly scene in Memphis, Tennessee, after serving four years in the Air Force. He went on to become one of the most influential artists of all time.
The "Burnin' It Down" singer celebrates his birthday on February 28. Aldean learned to play guitar with his father growing up. After high school, he and his band performed at clubs and festivals around the Southeast. In 2005, he signed to Broken Bow Records, a record label for which he has released eleven albums and 40 singles.
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!