Things you buy through our links may earn Vox Media a commission.

              Save this article to read it later.
              






              Find this story in your account’s ‘Saved for Later’ section.
              





There are surely plenty of actors who are hungry for a part in the next Hunger Games prequel film. Rumor has it that Mike Faist is one of the … challengers up for a main role. But where’s the proof? On Friday, X user @21metgala tweeted that Faist was “set to star” in Sunrise on the Reaping, which will tell “the story of how a young Haymitch” became a victor. Much of the internet immediately began trying to wrap their heads around the idea of 32-year-old Faist playing a 16-year-old, since that’s how old Haymitch would’ve been when he competed in the Fiftieth Hunger Games. @21metgala’s viral tweet cites Production Weekly as its source. But in Production Weekly’s listing, a brief synopsis simply states that the film picks up on the morning of the reaping of the Second Quarter Quell. “Mike Faist mentioned for the male lead,” a parenthetical note adds. That slightly vague description opens us up to a few more possibilities:
Now, author Suzanne Collins’ Sunrise on the Reaping book isn’t due until 2025, so we’ll have to wait a while to learn more about the plot (and then even longer until the film is expected to drop on November 20, 2026). Back when the book and movie were first announced, Collins said in a statement that Sunrise on the Reaping was inspired by philosopher David Hume’s idea of implicit submission and “the easiness with which the many are governed by the few.” She added, “The story also lent itself to a deeper dive into the use of propaganda and the power of those who control the narrative. The question ‘Real or not real?’ seems more pressing to me every day.” So does the internet want this young Haymitch casting rumor to be real or not real? Below, find a mixed bag of memes.
y’all want mike faist (a 32 year old) to play haymitch (a 16 year old) in the new hunger games… pic.twitter.com/MyFjDMDj4i
mike faist is rumored to be playing young haymitch pic.twitter.com/RFaDdLz7N3
mike faist as young haymitch…  pic.twitter.com/5GUpbSpCM3
this is god tier casting bc mike faist looks just the right amount of future traumatized alcoholic and hopeless despair look in his eyes to play haymitch abernathy https://t.co/zdiHSpsmVq
I sincerely apologize for calling the people fancasting 30 yos as Haymitvh idiots a couple weeks ago. If I knew a 30 yo I liked was in the running, I would’ve been kinder #treatpeoplewithkindness https://t.co/Go2zQhMX7g
“he’s in his 30s and haymitch was 16” well mike faist looks 0 https://t.co/Uh2IDUCOAY
mike faist being mentioned to play haymitch in the new hunger games pic.twitter.com/hhXZdszsCt
“mike faist to star in sunrise on the reaping” with not a single source to back it up pic.twitter.com/4vEPHEXYHE
mike faist is too old to play- pic.twitter.com/DXMh75VJW3
Things you buy through our links may earn Vox Media a commission.
Have an Account?