ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
MONTREAL, QUEBEC - AUGUST 04: Normani performs at the Osheaga Music and Art Festival at Parc ... More Jean-Drapeau on August 04, 2019 in Montreal, Canada. Normani's debut solo project Dopamine debuts inside the top 10 on Billboard's Top R&B Albums chart, earning the singer her first top 10 on the tally. (Photo by Mark Horton/Getty Images)
Normani’s album Dopamine debuts on the Billboard charts this week, years after she broke out on her own and launched her solo career. The singer’s first project turned out to be a commercial disappointment, but it does help the singer reach the highest tier on one tally.
Dopamine debuts at No. 9 on this week’s Top R&B Albums chart. The title immediately becomes Normani’s first appearance inside the loftiest region on the list of the most-consumed R&B full-lengths and EPs in the country. It’s her first time landing on the tally at all.
Normani earns the only debut on the Top R&B Albums list this time around. Only one other title that wasn’t present on the roster last time around makes space on the genre-specific roster, though it’s not new. Rihanna’s Good Girl Gone Bad is back at No. 25 as it reaches 59 frames somewhere on the tally.
As it enters the top 10 on the Top R&B Albums chart, Dopamine also debuts on two other Billboard tallies. The set launches at No. 30 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums ranking and No. 91 on the Billboard 200. Normani earns her debut win on all three rosters this frame.
Following its first frame of availability, Dopamine starts with just over 12,000 equivalent album units shifted, according to Luminate. That number is largely made up of streaming equivalents, as the project sold only a little more than 2,000 copies in its first tracking period.
Two tunes from Dopamine also manage to place on one Billboard tally this week. “All Yours” debuts at No. 16 on the Hot R&B Songs chart. The cut marks Normani’s sixth appearance on the tally.
At the same time, “Candy Paint” returns to the same list. That promotional cut opened and peaked at No. 13 on the Hot R&B Songs chart not long ago as Normani was hyping the world up for Dopamine. The track returns at No. 18 in its second frame on the ranking.