Rihanna traveled to her home country of Barbados for a bit of fun.
On Monday, the singer attended the annual Crop Over Festival in St. Michael, per People. RiRi wore a spectacularly bedazzled costume to the event, also called the Grand Kadooment Parade, decked out in gold and bronze jewels, a headpiece, and pink, orange, and yellow feathers.
Rihanna has regularly attended the festival in the past, though she hasn’t made an appearance in five years. According to the outlet, she went to the parade in 2011, 2015, 2017, and 2019. In that time, she’s also welcomed two children with ASAP Rocky, RZA in 2022, and Riot in 2023.
Of course, we all remember her 2017 ensemble, which saw her don a turquoise wig and a pink, green, and turquoise bejeweled and feathered costume.
The Barbados Tourist Board website describes the parade as a day that “celebrates the end of Crop Over, where Masquerade Bands make their way to the Mighty Grynner Highway with revelers dressed in sequin costumes decorated with colorful feathers, jewels and bright accents; dancing behind music trucks and moving bars.”
style | BY tara mahadevan
Rihanna Photoshops Giant Fenty Beauty Lipgloss Tube Over ASAP Rocky for Olympics Partnership Announcement
sneakers | BY Victor Deng
How to Buy the 'Super Villains' Marvel x Asics x Kith Collection
style | BY Trace William Cowen
Cardi B Relieved to No Longer Have to Hide Pregnancy With Fashion Choices Like 'Those Damn School Girl Skirts'
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.