Today's Digital Daily	
			



	
			Today's Digital Daily	
			

Elizabeth Debicki talks "MaXXXine" and Anya Taylor-Joy will climb "The Gorge" with Miles Teller.

	The dresses might have been showstoppers, but it was Rihanna that stopped traffic for miles once word got out that the singer would appear at the Dior show.

	She arrived quietly in a side door to pose for pics in the garden of the Musée Rodin, then greeted fellow attendees Glenn Close and Natalie Portman.

	It made for a frenzied front row with other celebs jostled by photographers as she leaned in for a hug with Dior chief executive officer Delphine Arnault.

	Natalie Portman arrived in a minidress and some teetering heels, and had a fangirl moment over Rihanna. It went both ways.





	
			Related Articles	
	













	Retail
	



	
			Paloma Wool Opens First Permanent Store in SoHo	
			













	Designer and Luxury
	



	
			Alexandre Vauthier Out at Namesake Brand: Sources	
			








	“You are one of the hottest b—hes in Hollywood forever,” Rihanna told Portman. “I don’t get excited about anybody.”

	










			You May Also Like		






	“Excuse me? I’m gonna faint. I’m gonna black out,” said Portman, taking in the praise. “I love you, you’re so amazing.”

	The duo asked for a photo together to immortalize the moment.

	Elizabeth Debicki’s royal role as Princess Diana in “The Crown” is swiftly behind her, though that sartorial vibe is staying with her into her next project. She stars in the upcoming “MaXXXine,” the final film of Ti West’s horror trilogy alongside Mia Goth and Michelle Monaghan.

	While she wouldn’t say much about the film, she said it was fun to switch gears to a different genre. “It was heavenly. I made it straight after finishing the last season of ‘The Crown’ and I just really quickly made something else, and it was really good medicine for my acting brain,” she said.

	Still, the costumes draw from the same ‘80s era.

	“The fashion is incredible. And my character has some iconic outfits if I say so myself. There’s a lot of leather and a lot of shoulder pads,” she said. But it doesn’t carry over to her day-to-day style. At the Dior show she was in a casual look.

	“No shoulder pads for me, I don’t need them,” she said, shrugging her crisp white shirt baring one shoulder. Debicki made an appearance at the Golden Globes and will be heading back to Los Angeles for the Screen Actors’ Guild awards Feb. 24. Her red carpet look will be once again designed by Dior. “We are nearly there, it’s quite close,” she said of the dress selection.

	Anya Taylor-Joy was twirling in a red gown, braving the winter chill without a jacket. “I’m really looking forward to spring so this is my little way of pushing it along,” she said.

	The actress next stars in “The Gorge” alongside Miles Teller. She wanted to remain mum on any specifics about the project, but said that filming it was “a dream.”

	“I love working with Miles — he’s like a big brother to me,” she said. It’s not coming out until around Christmas time she said. “I have a lot of time to think about the red carpet,” she joked.

	The cast of “The New Look” about Christian Dior, starring Juliette Binoche, Ben Mendelsohn and Close, posed for a cast photo backstage.

	Kristin Scott Thomas’ son Joseph Olivennes also has a role in the Apple TV series as André Palasse. “I’m very proud of him,” she said of having her son follow in her thespian footsteps. “But I don’t give him advice — I’m not sure he’d take it.”
Sign up for WWD news straight to your inbox every day
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
WWD and Women's Wear Daily are part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All Rights Reserved.