We broke down the dress code for you.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Peak warm-weather wedding season is a few months away, which means a slew of invites may have likely already hit your mailbox. Once you've RSVP'd, the difficult part comes: what do you wear? Not all nuptials are created equal, so finding the best wedding guest dress for each event can get complicated. You need a polished gown for your friend's black-tie soirée, a relaxed warm-weather dress for a casual affair, and an in-between style for a semi-formal ceremony.
Let’s start by nailing down what not to wear. “You should steer clear of white unless the dress code explicitly calls for it,” says Janelle Llyod, Ready-to-Wear Fashion Director at Bloomingdale's. “I would take it even further and recommend avoiding all white-adjacent colors,” she adds. Wearing shades like ivory, eggshell, and champagne could communicate that you’re attempting to upstage the bride.
Next, think about turning to the fashion trend cycle for style inspiration. Nordstrom’s Associate Fashion Director Linda Cui Zhang tells Marie Claire that free-flowing boho-inspired dresses with high volume are poised to rise in popularity. During the Spring 2025 fashion month circuit, labels like Jacquemus, Giambattista Valli, and Jean Paul Gaultier tapped into the trend. “Styles like this allow for movement, which can come in handy when dancing the night away at a wedding ceremony,” says Zhang.
“Drop-waist dresses are also on the rise,” says Llyod. The flattering style is bubbling up across social media and is a favorite silhouette amongst style icons like Katie Holmes, Kendall Jenner, and Meghan Markle.
Ahead, we've curated an edit of the best wedding guest dresses to shop for your upcoming event, organized by dress code.
Slinky satin gowns are your best bet for a formal ceremony. 
Expect to follow a fairly strict dress code for a black-tie wedding. Llyod recommends gowns or dresses with floor-grazing hemlines. You could also opt for a length slightly above the ankle, but remember that your dress should communicate formality in other ways, like a sophisticated halter neckline or refined pleats.
Zhang notes that a streamlined, solid-colored gown fits a polished black-tie wedding. Black is also a good default color, and bolder colors like red and yellow bring celebratory energy to the occasion.
While dressing for a semi-formal wedding, try ankle-length hemlines that feel a bit more casual than floor-grazing gowns. 
Although semi-formal dress codes can feel ambiguous, there are a few general guidelines that you can follow. “With less restriction on how fancy you need to dress, you definitely have more freedom to wear something a bit more relaxed,” says Llyod. Slip into fabrics like crepe and brushed cotton, and play with varying hemlines or interesting necklines.
“A shorter maxi dress is a versatile option for a semi-formal cocktail attire wedding,” says Zhang, who agrees that styles that range from ankle-length to knee-length are most appropriate.
“The beauty of this dress code is that you can also swap out your shoes and accessories to achieve a more formal or relaxed outfit,” Zhang adds. Depending on your mood, the style expert suggests heeled mules and a sleek clutch for a dressy look or minimalist sandals and a basket bag for a more laid-back vibe.
With a casual dress code, feel free to experiment with lightweight fabrics and whimsical floral prints. 
Lloyd tells Marie Claire that comfort reigns supreme when dressing for a casual wedding. The fashion director encourages shoppers to go for “lightweight fabrics like linen, cotton, and jersey,” which are guaranteed to keep you nice and cool and an be worn repeatedly.
“Airy dresses in the season’s romantic floral prints are an effortless solution to a casual dress code,” explains Zhang. Embrace tiny blossoms or drape yourself in pronounced prints. Solid colors are equally welcomed if you’re not much of a floral type of gal.
To spruce your look up, Lloyd says that striking jewelry like ‘80s-inspired statement earrings and chunky bangle bracelets can make your casual look more festive.
You may know Janelle Lloyd from her social media presence as style authority and influencer of @waityouneedthis. Lloyd joins Bloomingdale’s with a diverse background of roles and experiences, including buying, brand management, interior design, sales, and fashion. In fact, she started her career at Bloomingdale’s as an assistant buyer. With an MBA from NYU and experience working at Google, she brings a variety of expertise to the team.
Formerly an accountant with a career in merchandise planning, Linda Cui Zhang joined Nordstrom in 2021 as a buyer and is currently the Associate Fashion Director. Originally from North Carolina, Linda resides in New York City.
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
Lauren is the Fashion Editor at Marie Claire, where she writes trend reports, shopping pieces, and celebrity news stories. Prior to Marie Claire, Lauren worked for Harper’s Bazaar and ELLE as a freelance editor with a specific focus on seasonal styles and coveted products. She also worked for Town & Country, where she developed a robust portfolio of fashion roundups and designer profiles.
Lauren graduated from the University of Pennsylvania with a bachelor’s degree in communications and a minor in journalism. While attending Penn, Lauren contributed to the university's fashion magazine, The Walk, while also interning for Philadelphia Style Magazine and EveryStylishGirl.
When she’s not exploring the world of fashion, you can find Lauren sharpening her skills as a DJ, discovering new restaurants in New York City (she’s a foodie), and spending quality time with friends and family. Follow her along at @laurenktappan.

Princess Kate snapped a casual photo of her daughter on her iPhone this year.


20 pairs that prove it.


She's not an F1 WAG, but she sure nailed the aesthetic.


You'll want to wear this retro style all season long.


The secret to looking like you live in a Soho loft.


The style has quietly morphed into this summer’s cult obsession.


Shop the styles driving the vintage revival.


Get a head start.


Accessorize like an Olsen twin this spring.


Don't wait until June.


A $34.99 purse from T.J. Maxx has sparked a nationwide scavenger hunt.


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.