The Grammys has a long history of repeatedly rewarding underwhelming white artistry. Despite moments like Victoria Monét winning Best New Artist and Tracy Chapman’s standing ovation for her highly anticipated performance of “Fast Car” alongside Luke Combs at last night’s ceremony, SZA’s “Album of The Year” snub for “SOS” felt like a punch in the gut.
It also served as a painful reminder of how white mediocrity has been routinely prioritized over outstanding Black girl excellence by the Academy. Instead, the accolade went to Taylor Swift for “Midnights.” The achievement made Swift the only artist to win the award four times, surpassing artists like Stevie Wonder, Paul Simon and Frank Sinatra. “SOS” topped the Billboard 200 for 10 weeks—longer  than any other artist nominated in that same category.
Additionally, SZA’s acclaimed project was the longest-running #1 female album of the decade yet it still didn’t receive the prestigious honor. Sonically, lyrically and visually, “SOS” in an entirely different league than “Midnights.” However, as Jay-Z keenly pointed out during his acceptance speech for the Dr. Dre Global Impact Award last night, the Recording Academy has a disturbing history of disregarding Black artists despite album sales and cultural impact.
He also called out how Beyonce has been constantly disrespected by the Grammys. “She has more Grammys than everybody and never won album of the year. So even by your own metrics, that doesn’t work. Think about that: The most Grammys. Never won album of the year. That doesn’t work. Some of you are going to go home and feel like you’ve been robbed. Some of you may get robbed. Some of you don’t belong in the category.”
Jay’s harsh truth resulted in a visibly shocked audience who were literally left gasping incredulously. The truth is as Black artists are devalued, Black women are hit the hardest and suffer the most. The last Black woman to receive the “Album of The Year” award was Lauryn Hill back in 1999 for “The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill.” Herbie Hancock won in 2008 for a Joni Mitchell album tribute called “River: The Joni Letters” and Jon Batiste won in 2022 for “We Are.”
This means artists groundbreaking artists like: Tina Turner, Janet Jackson, Beyoncé, Sade, Rihanna, Missy Elliot, Alicia Keys, Janelle Monae, Mary J. Blige, Jill Scott, Erykah Badu, Brandy, Chaka Khan, Diana Ross, Aretha Franklin, Gladys Knight, Dionne Warwick, Patti LaBelle and Donna Summer have never received a Grammy for “Album of The Year.”
Sadly, SZA can now be added to that list. This conversation comes up almost annually and every year, the Academy has the chance to course correct and give Black women—who are arbiters of American culture—their  due. But as we all know, white mediocrity is one hell of a drug.