Mariah Carey and Anderson .Paak sparked dating rumors after being spotted holding hands while stepping out for dinner together in Aspen, Co. on Dec. 22. See their cozy outing. 
It looks like all Mariah Carey may want for Christmas is Anderson .Paak.
The "We Belong Together" singer and Silk Sonic member fueled romance rumors when they stepped out for dinner at Catch Steak in Aspen, Co. on Dec. 22. 
For the wintery outing, Mariah rocked a brown tweed coat with fur lining, a matching tweed skirt and dark-brown knee-high boots. To top off her look, the 55-year-old opted to wear her dirty blonde hair in loose waves and donned a diamond ring.
Meanwhile, Anderson, 38, kept warm in a black corduroy puffer jacket with matching pants and a pair of Timberland boots. He finished off his ensemble with a pair of diamond-encrusted sunnies. And the pair were all smiles as they headed into the restaurant, with Mariah even holding tight onto the "Come Down" rapper's hand at one point. 
E! News reached out to reps for Mariah and Anderson for comment on the dating speculation but has not heard back. 
Less than a year before sparking romance rumors with Mariah, Anderson filed for divorce from his ex Jaylyn Chang following more than 13 years of marriage. In his filing, the "Dang!" musician asked for joint physical and legal custody of his and the Korean artist's 10-year-old son Soul Rasheed, according to court documents obtained by People at the time. 
And as for Mariah, the Grammy winner—who shares 13-year-old twins Moroccan and Monroe with ex-husband Nick Cannon—announced her split from backup dancer Bryan Tanaka in December 2023 after over seven years together. 
"Our decision to embark on different paths is mutual, and as we navigate these separate journeys, we do so with profound respect and an overwhelming sense of gratitude for the invaluable time we've shared," Bryan wrote in a statement on Instagram at the time. "The memories we've created and the artistic collaborations are etched in my heart forever."
To see what more stars have been up to this holiday season, keep reading.
The model was going for gold in her Christmas decor and coordinating wrapping paper.
The model and her husband lit the candles on their menorah for Hanukkah 2024 with sons Levi, 3, and Elijah, 17 months.
Kylie Jenner
The makeup mogul showered her son Aire Webster with Despicable Me minion plushies under the tree.
The model gave a glimpse into her first Christmas with her and Justin Bieber's son Jack Bieber, sharing a snap of her pajama "cozies" and their breakfast of soft-boiled eggs and caviar. 
Chrissy Teigen & John Legend
"Christmas morning in London! Merry Christmas, guys. We love you so much," Chrissy wrote alongside the family pic with kids Luna, Miles, Esti and Wren.
Tori Spelling
"Love Actually," the Beverly Hills, 90210 alum captioned this photo of herself and kids Liam McDermott, Stella McDermott, Hattie McDermott, Finn McDermott and Beau McDermott. "Merry Christmas and Happy Hanukkah to all. Sending love from our family to yours."
David Beckham & Victoria Beckham
The couple spiced up their Christmas celebrations with kids Brooklyn Beckham, Romeo Beckham, Cruz Beckham and Haper Beckham, as well as daughter-in-law Nicola Peltz.
Britney Spears
The "Toxic" singer and her youngest son Jayden Federline celebrated Christmas with a sweet reunion. 
Heather Rae El Moussa & Tarek El Moussa
The HGTV stars celebrated the holidays with this hilarious snap featuring kids Taylor, Brayden and a tearful Tristan.
Madonna
The pop icon celebrated "X-mas and Hanukkah all at once" with her family, including daughters Lourdes, Mercy, Stella and Estere.
Chanel Iman 
The supermodel, along with daughters Cali and Cassie,  enjoyed at in-house self-care spa day together with Disney Deluxe Day Spa from Jakks Pacific. 
Michael Bolton
"Sending warm wishes for a holiday season filled with peace, love, and joy,” the singer wrote . “May the New Year bring health, happiness, and countless moments to cherish. Here’s to fresh starts and beautiful moments in 2025!"
Gabourey Sidibe
The Precious star rang in her first Christmas as a mom with twins Maya and Cooper.
Tallulah Willus
Bruce Willis and Demi Moore's daughter got the greatest gift of all on Christmas Eve: a lifetime with her new fiancé  Justin Acee.
Dua Lipa
The singer's holiday with boyfriend Callum Turner is not an illusion.
Hoda Kotb
The Today cohost got in the holiday spirit with her daughters Hope and Haley as well ex Joel Schiffman.
Billy Joel
"Merry Christmas to All," wrote the Piano Man, "and to All A Good Night!"
Brooke Shields
The supermodel and husband Chris Henchy posed alongside daughters Grier and Rowan.
Reese Witherspoon
"Wishing all of you a very Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays!" the actress captioned her snap with kids Ava Phillippe, Deacon Phillippe and Tennessee Toth.
Brittany Mahomes
While husband Patrick Mahomes and the Kansas City Chiefs took on the Pittsburgh Steelers Dec. 25, his pregnant wife cheered on from home with kids Sterling and Bronze. 
Christian Siriano
The fashion designer attends David Barton and Susanne Bartsch’s 25th annual toy drive at Gym U in New York City.
Bronwyn Newport, Angie Katsanevas, Mary Cosby & Whitney Rose
The Real Housewives of Salt Lake City costars escape the Utah snow to party at DIRECTV’s Christmas at Kathy’s bash in Beverly Hills.
Larsa Pippen & Marysol Patton
The Real Housewives of Miami costars rock Printfresh pajamas for Marysol's Recharge & Reset holiday pajama party. 
Kourtney Kardashian
The Poosh founder gave fans a glimpse at her holiday decor, which included numerous Christmas trees all around her home, with one upside down.
Kris Jenner
The Kardashians star is definitely the most interesting to look at while attending Kathy & Nicky Hilton's Annual Holiday Printfresh Pajama Launch Party Benefitting Animal Haven and Camp Cocker Rescue in L.A.
Jennifer Aniston
The Friends alum showed off her festive Christmas tree, complete with her coveted olive jar ornament.
Cynthia Bailey & Crystal Kung Minkoff
The Real Housewives stars co-host The Abbey’s 15th Annual Tree Lighting Ceremony in honor of World AIDS Day benefiting The Elizabeth Taylor AIDS Foundation in West Hollywood.
Kathy Hilton & Nicky Hilton
The mother-daughter duo host the hottest holiday party in the 90210.
Tarek El Moussa & Heather Rae El Moussa
The lovebirds attend DIRECTV’s Christmas at Kathy’s party benefitting Ronald McDonald House charities.
Heather Dubrow
The Real Housewives of Orange County star swapped Prada for pajamas during Kathy & Nicky Hilton's Annual Holiday Printfresh Pajama Launch Party.
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.