By STEPHEN M. LEPORE FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  05:52, 3 September 2024   |  Updated:  08:10, 3 September 2024   
 9
View  comments
Legendary DJ and producer David Guetta is setting records instead of making them after selling his Miami Beach condo for $16 million.
Guetta, 56, set a new mark for highest price paid per square foot and in Miami Beach history and second highest in the county's history as he let go of his condo at the the Setai Hotel and Residences.
The hitmaker, who has worked with the likes of Black Eyed Peas, Pitbull, Rihanna, Lady Gaga and Ariana Grande, bought the property from billionaire Richard LeFrak for $9.5 million in 2018. 
His condo is on the 37th floor of the Setai, a five-star hotel property in Miami Beach, and features views of the city, beach and sea.
The place is equipped with three bedrooms - each including a personal bathroom - as well as motorized shades and a wraparound balcony. 
Legendary DJ and producer David Guetta is setting records instead of making them after selling his Miami Beach condo for $16 million
During Guetta's years at the residence, upgrades were made on the interior by famous Italian architect and designer Piero Lissoni.
It also features two master suites with king-sized beds and - naturally, for a music mogul - high quality speakers throughout. 
The deal was brokered by Eloy Carmenate, Mick Duchon and Joshua Winarick of Corcoran who brought the undisclosed buyer. 
Michael Wiesenfeld, also with Corcoran, represented Guetta.
The Setai Hotel is a hot property in Miami Beach, with 22 of its 40 stories featuring condo units, with several two-story condos.
It also includes a landscaped resort area, gardens, fitness center, three swimming pools and 24-hour valet and security.
People selling other units at the Setai Hotel are asking for prices from $2.1 million to $14.9 million, with rent coming anywhere from $16,000 to $84,000 a month. 
The news comes as it was recently revealed that Guetta has expanded his family.
The hitmaker, who has worked with the likes of Black Eyed Peas, Pitbull, Rihanna, Lady Gaga and Ariana Grande, bought the property from billionaire Richard LeFrak for $9.5 million in 2018
His condo is on the 37th floor of the Setai, a five-star hotel property in Miami Beach that features views of the city, beach and sea
People selling other units at the Setai Hotel are asking for prices from $2.1 million to $14.9 million, with rent coming anywhere from $16,000 to $84,000 a month
The DJ, 56, revealed that he and girlfriend Jessica Ledon, 32, welcomed their first child together - a son.
The French born record producer shared a joint Instagram post with the actress on Sunday, announcing the happy news along with a heartwarming family photo.  
The pair — who recently enjoyed a beach day in Miami — also revealed their newborn's unusual name in the caption, writing: 'Love is in the air. Welcome Cyan.' The name means 'light blue-green.'
Guetta also shares two children with his ex-wife Cathy Lobé, 56. They have a daughter, Angie, 16, and a son, Tim Elvis, 19.
Their family, friends and followers quickly took to the comments to congratulate the couple, with David's son confirming the gender of the baby by writing, 'Little brother gonna be strong!' along with a red heart emoji.
Donald Trump's daughter Ivanka commented, 'So beautiful! I am so happy for you both. 
Dutch DJ Tiësto added, 'I am so happy for you two!! Congrats brother!'
They announced the pregnancy at the the Latin GRAMMY Awards in Seville, Spain, in November, as David lovingly placed his hand on Jessica's baby bump.
The place is equipped with three bedrooms - each including a personal bathroom - as well as motorized shades and a wraparound balcony
A post shared by David Guetta (@davidguetta)
Jessica showed off her blossoming baby bump in a sheer green dress with a halter neckline and a hood.
David looked delighted as he cozied up to his actress girlfriend.
The couple began dating in 2015, and  it was reported that David had given the brunette beauty a promise ring in lieu of an engagement ring, as he 'no longer believes in marriage'. 
David and his ex Cathy married from 1992 but decided to part ways in 2014; Cathy had been an important business collaborated throughout the DJ's career.
The pair parted amicably and raise their son and daughter together.
David's accolades include two Grammy Awards, an American Music Award and a Billboard Music Award, and last year he sold his songs to Warner Music for a nine-figure sum.
The French DJ made roughly $100m (£72m) in the deal, which also covers his future recordings.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group