Getty Images
While his girlfriend Selena Gomez may be a billionaire, Benny Blanco is also worth a pretty penny! The music producer has co-written and produced a plethora of hit singers for some of your favorite artists, and also has gone on to
Keep reading for details on Benny’s net worth:
According to Celebrity Net Worth, Benny is worth approximately $50 million.
ICYMI, Benny has been in the music game for decades, and most of your favorite songs throughout the 2010s were most likely produced by him. He has co-written and co-produced numerous hit singles for other artists, including Ed Sheeran, Justin Bieber, Katy Perry, Rihanna and Britney Spears.
“I have so many friends that are artists, and I work on so many songs, and sometimes it’s so hard to place them, even at my level,” he told The New York Times in 2018. “Now I can be like, well, I’ll put it out, and I get to do it exactly how I want. I happen to be the label, too.”
Benny is also a super decorated songwriter, as he’s the recipient of the 2013 Hal David Starlight Award from the Songwriters Hall of Fame, has won the BMI Songwriter of the Year Award five non-consecutive times and won the 2017 iHeartRadio Producer of the Year Award.
“When we were kids, we were fed the single, we were fed what they told us to listen to, and you either didn’t like it or you heard it so many times you began to like it,” he continued. “Now, you put out an album, and the kids decide what the big song’s going to be. Things are getting big that wouldn’t have gotten big four years ago — two years ago, even! It’s crazy.”
Benny Blanco, originally mentored by songwriter and producer Dr. Luke, was signed to Dr. Luke’s production company, Kasz Money Productions. Under this guidance, Benjamin Joseph Levin—known professionally as Benny Blanco—started co-producing and co-writing songs for various artists.
In the late 2000s, he contributed to hits like Taio Cruz’s “Dynamite,” Britney Spears’s “Circus,” Katy Perry’s “I Kissed a Girl,” and Ke$ha’s “Tik Tok.” One of his major breakthroughs came in 2010 when he co-produced Katy Perry’s blockbuster album Teenage Dream, including the title track, which he co-wrote.
In 2014, Benny launched two labels under Interscope Records—Mad Love Records and Friends Keep Secrets—through which he signed artists like Tory Lanez, Jessie Ware and Cashmere Cat. After these labels dissolved in 2024, Benny retained an imprint of Interscope under A&M Records.
Love J-14? Be sure to subscribe to our YouTube channel for fun, exclusive videos with your favorite stars.
J-14 has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
J-14 is part of the a360media Entertainment Group.Copyright © a360media 2025. All Rights Reserved