Our favorite personalities are announcing brand collabs after being spotted by paparazzi looking perfect on their way to get a smoothie. Coincidence? 
Food is the hottest prop right now. Last year we saw Balenciaga collaborate with Erewhon, Palace with McDonald’s, the Kardashians conspicuously (but supposedly without sponsorship) with their Coca-Colas, and, as always, Ben Affleck with his Dunkin’. As more food chains tapped celebrities to create their own menus and promote products, we started seeing more celebrities making casual food runs, captured — oops! — by the paparazzi. What’s going on? Let’s take a look. 
These days, being pictured with a colorful Erewhon smoothie and a killer outfit is the easiest way to end up in the style section of any major publication (Highsnobiety included). For example, during Lily-Rose Depp’s promotion for The Idol, she was frequently spotted in a pitch-perfect ensemble with her girlfriend, 070 Shake, also looking great, outside the selfsame, bougie grocery store. Similarly, Jacob Elordi’s daily iced coffee run, which he made sporting one of several Bottega Veneta bags, turned him into the Internet’s new favorite style icon. 
When was it that celebrities swapped restaurants and boutiques for local coffee shops and buzzy grocery stores? No doubt the origin of this story, whatever it may really be, has something to do with Affleck’s now-infamous coffee intake. In suits, in hoodies, between cars, and in alleys, Affleck has appeared, seemingly candid, with a cup or two of Dunkin’ coffee. Sure, what we talked about when we saw him wasn’t his style, per se — and our fascination may have had more to do with his curious relationship to coffee — but all our chatter helped Affleck land a collaboration with the fast-food chain alongside Ice Spice. History was made. 
 Clearly, the combination of food and celebrities has an appeal. 
Why? First, it’s relatable. It makes us think: Just like us, sometimes they carry their own groceries! Rihanna loves ice cream? We have so much in common. Kim Kardashian has an affinity for McDonald’s fries? Me too! 
Second, the celebrity fast-food or grocery run gives us a peek into their so-called real lives. A celebrity showing love for a product organically, without sponsorship or the framing of an ad, is so rare it almost feels refreshing. Sure, they have personal chefs, shoppers, multiple mansions, and trainers to call at any hour, but sometimes their guard drops, their stomach rumbles, and the need to be a normal human takes over. Next thing we know, they’re at McDonald’s, looking perfect in Bottega Veneta. 
Probably all true to some extent — but only when there’s a camera around to capture it. Because these impromptu sightings are probably, inorganically, and totally un-candidly being leveraged into, you guessed it, actually being paid to be seen with the product.
Enter Kendall Jenner. After her seemingly random run to the corner store for one can of Coca-Cola went viral, the company publicly denied a sponsorship. And yet, these Coca-Cola incidents have continued to crop up around the Kardashians: in marketing campaigns, during quick visits to the store while being “accidentally” spotted by paparazzi, and in appearances on their reality show The Kardashians.
Whatever came first, the product sponsorship or the product-wielding A-lister looking perfect while marching across a parking lot with it in hand, the fact remains that getting a coffee or a Coke or a smoothie is the new event to dress for. So next time you go, don’t forget to turn up in a look and strike your best pose.
Titel Media GmbH (Highsnobiety), is committed to facilitating and improving the accessibility and usability of its Website, www.highsnobiety.com. Titel Media GmbH strives to ensure that its Website services and content are accessible to persons with disabilities including users of screen reader technology. To accomplish this, Titel Media GmbH tests, remediates and maintains the Website in-line with the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG), which also bring the Website into conformance with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990.
Please be aware that our efforts to maintain accessibility and usability are ongoing. While we strive to make the Website as accessible as possible some issues can be encountered by different assistive technology as the range of assistive technology is wide and varied.
If, at any time, you have specific questions or concerns about the accessibility of any particular webpage on this Website, please contact us at accessibility@highsnobiety.com, +49 (0)30 235 908 500. If you do encounter an accessibility issue, please be sure to specify the web page and nature of the issue in your email and/or phone call, and we will make all reasonable efforts to make that page or the information contained therein accessible for you.