AAPL: 205.04 ( 8.28 )								

									Copyright © 2025 Quiller Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
								
Apple Fitness+ adds new Sound Meditations
Last updated 1 year ago
In its now annual update, Apple Fitness+ has announced a series of additions to its Artist Spotlight and Time to Walk series, plus a new meditation theme and a core strength workout from golf's Rose Zhang. Following its addition in January 2023 of kickboxing and Beyonce's artist spotlight, Apple is now concentrating on a combination of what it describes as sound meditation, plus workout programs."Starting the new year can mean kicking off a fitness and wellbeing journey, restarting after a long break, or looking to take it up a level with a new challenge," said Jay Blahnik, Apple's vice president of Fitness Technologies, in a statement. "From sound meditations to help you relax, to building strength for an improved golf swing, or turning up the volume on your workouts, Fitness+ has something for everyone to help them stay active and support their wellbeing in the new year."Apple Fitness+ already offers meditation themes, but now it will be adding seven new Sound Meditations. Apple says these will be available in 5-, 10-, and 20-minute episodes, and that new ones will be added weeklyThe service is also adding to its more strenuous workouts, with "Strength, Core, and Yoga for Golfers," which was designed and features professional golfer Rose Zhang alongside trainer Kyle Ardill."To play at my best, the training that I do off the course is so important," said Zhang. "Incorporating strength, core, and mobility workouts helps make sure my body and mind are ready.""Whether people are new to the sport or want to advance their skills," she continued, "I'm excited that the workouts in this program on Fitness+ will help users feel more confident in their swing and have fun on the course." See the nicer side of "Silo" star Common in Time to WalkThe new sound meditations and golfers' workout will be available from January 8, 2024, as will the next series of Time to Walk. The celebrity-guided walking program adds the Today show's Al Roker, plus Trixie Mattel, and Common, the rapper most recently seen starring in "Silo."For the first time, Apple is also releasing its Time to Walk series a free podcast, so it no longer requires an Apple Fitness+ subscription.Music and Artist SpotlightOn the same day that the new features are released, Apple Fitness+ will also debut the music of Rihanna, previously never included in any fitness service, for a total of 10 new workouts.Rihanna's music is added on January 8, 2024, and it will be followed weekly by workouts with music from Britney Spears, U2, and USHER.
Following its addition in January 2023 of kickboxing and Beyonce's artist spotlight, Apple is now concentrating on a combination of what it describes as sound meditation, plus workout programs.
"Starting the new year can mean kicking off a fitness and wellbeing journey, restarting after a long break, or looking to take it up a level with a new challenge," said Jay Blahnik, Apple's vice president of Fitness Technologies, in a statement. "From sound meditations to help you relax, to building strength for an improved golf swing, or turning up the volume on your workouts, Fitness+ has something for everyone to help them stay active and support their wellbeing in the new year."
Apple Fitness+ already offers meditation themes, but now it will be adding seven new Sound Meditations. Apple says these will be available in 5-, 10-, and 20-minute episodes, and that new ones will be added weekly
The service is also adding to its more strenuous workouts, with "Strength, Core, and Yoga for Golfers," which was designed and features professional golfer Rose Zhang alongside trainer Kyle Ardill.
"To play at my best, the training that I do off the course is so important," said Zhang. "Incorporating strength, core, and mobility workouts helps make sure my body and mind are ready."
"Whether people are new to the sport or want to advance their skills," she continued, "I'm excited that the workouts in this program on Fitness+ will help users feel more confident in their swing and have fun on the course."
The new sound meditations and golfers' workout will be available from January 8, 2024, as will the next series of Time to Walk. The celebrity-guided walking program adds the Today show's Al Roker, plus Trixie Mattel, and Common, the rapper most recently seen starring in "Silo."
For the first time, Apple is also releasing its Time to Walk series a free podcast, so it no longer requires an Apple Fitness+ subscription.
On the same day that the new features are released, Apple Fitness+ will also debut the music of Rihanna, previously never included in any fitness service, for a total of 10 new workouts.
Rihanna's music is added on January 8, 2024, and it will be followed weekly by workouts with music from Britney Spears, U2, and USHER.
William Gallagher has 30 years of experience between the BBC and AppleInsider discussing Apple technology. Outside of AppleInsider, he's best known for writing Doctor Who radio dramas for BBC/Big Finish, and is the De...
And still no new countries????

And still no new countries????
Apple has now approved an update to the Spotify app on the App Store that includes direct links for purchasing and price information, after it was required to do so by a court ruling on April 30.
Apple will be bringing back a battery-case accessory for its planned iPhone 17 Air to help give the super-slim model all-day battery life.
Apple reportedly plans to shake up its iPhone release schedule starting with the iPhone 18, with only the flagship Pro models rumored to arrive in 2026.
Apple is bringing in Anthropic's Claude AI to help its engineers code faster, marking a quiet but telling shift in its approach to artificial intelligence.
While it'll probably look very familiar, the iPhone 17 is set to bring some performance increases and new features. Here's everything the rumor mill thinks is coming in the fall of 2025.
Apple's 2025 15-inch MacBook Air equipped with the M4 chip has dropped to $1,049 as retailers compete for your business in a May price war.
Both by getting an exemption, and by toiling for seven years to diversify its iPhone manufacturing efforts outside of China, the $900 million estimate of tariff impacts in the third quarter is paltry compared to what it could have been, and is for other companies.
Apple's App Store has been around for 17 years, and there's a rich history and a wealth of apps to discover. Here's what you need to know, and how to get started with it.
Both by getting an exemption, and by toiling for seven years to diversify its iPhone manufacturing efforts outside of China, the $900 million estimate of tariff impacts in the third quarter is paltry compared to what it could have been, and is for other companies.
Apple's App Store has been around for 17 years, and there's a rich history and a wealth of apps to discover. Here's what you need to know, and how to get started with it.
After a judge ordered Apple to remove all barriers to links and external purchases, the company has updated its guidelines to reflect the ruling while it appeals.