BySairah Ashman
BySairah Ashman,
 Contributor. 
Paris 2024 
A unique aspect of the summer Olympic and Paralympic Games that I love is the opportunity it provides to take the cultural temperature of where the world is every four years.
And Paris 2024, characterised by so many firsts, is no exception.
Given that Tokyo 2020 took place mostly behind closed doors in 2021 due to the pandemic, it is the first in-person Olympics since Rio 2016.
It is the first Olympics to achieve gender equality on the field of play (though not in gender sponsorship payment parity or, indeed, gender diversity), too. And the first with women-driven ad sponsorship in the mainstream, with the eleventh-hour partnership between Rihanna’s Fenty Beauty with Paris being a high-profile case in point.
Despite still being a major global broadcasting event - more than 3 billion people worldwide tuned in to watch Tokyo 2020 - some are declaring it to be the first social Olympics (though opinions on which social platform is preferred may vary) and even more so given that the rules were recently relaxed by the Olympics’ organiser the IoC allowing Olympians to share unprecedented behind the scenes via their own social channels.
Paris 2024 also seems to be the first designer Olympics, with luxury design as well as fashion and beauty brands centre stage – in part thanks to Paris’s haute couture heritage, in part a result of LVMH Group and all of its 75 luxury brands being an Olympic Premium Partner.
The power of association with the Olympics - particularly the Olympic spirit of fellowship and unity that the global event embodies - is always strong, but feels even stronger this year given current worldwide division and polarisation.
Coca-Cola, with its Paris 2024 can design - featuring depictions of hands in red and white that, when two cans are placed together, create two arms locked together in an embrace - is one of many brands now harnessing this, with an execution that is deceptively simple while also being visually powerful.
With its combination of elite sporting performance, entertainment, culture and community with global reach, the Olympic Games is always a major marketing moment, of course.
But for me, three things stand out above the rest this year.
First is the extent to which Paris 2024 underlines athletes’ positions in the world of business (particularly in brands and branding, product marketing and innovation) as the new leading influencers across a wide and diverse array of categories over and beyond fitness.
Allied with this is how star athletes favour lesser-known brands as they align with their personal values, allowing them to play a bigger role creatively and commercially. Tennis star Roger Federer’s deal with Swiss brand ON - not a brand ambassadorship, but “to help shape the future direction of the company” was an early precursor of this trend. More recent examples include Simone Biles signing with Athleta and Sloane Stephens signing with FP Movement.
And the fact that the 2024 Met Gala hosted more athletes than social media stars earlier this year should surprise few…
Second is the explosive rise of female athletes in the Marketing world.
Women have been at the forefront of brand marketing campaigns in the run-up to this year’s Olympics – a move unashamedly aimed at capitalising on recent record ratings for women’s sports, especially in Europe and the US (and, in my view, rightly so).
Women's sports accounted for 57.55% of US broadcaster NBC's primetime broadcasts for Tokyo 2020, and their evening broadcast coverage, for four out of the five Olympic Games in the past eight years, featured more women’s sporting events than men’s.
There are now double the number of brand campaigns featuring female athletes compared to previous years and it looks like this trend will only continue.
The last - though certainly not the least - of the three things that strike me is the absence (so far) of much (if any) mention of Artificial Intelligence in Olympic competition, comment and debate. And it’s easy to see why.
As an event, the Paris 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games are, at their heart, about all that is the best about being human. It’s about the endeavour and endurance that powers the best performance, the drama of the personal narratives behind the scenes, the unity and fellowship spread through the emotional connections forged between athlete and audience, and the hope that is inspired.
After 3,000 years, are the Olympics still relevant to this day and age? Yes.
And, are Olympic brand sponsorships and partnerships still worthwhile? More so than ever.
For all the challenges in today’s world, the Olympics remain a powerful and enduring platform for the best of us.
Wolff Olins created the brand identity for the London 2012 Olympics and is behind the recent rebrand of Decathlon, the world’s third-biggest sports company making sport accessible to all.