My curl pattern is a result of my Bajan heritage so when I heard Barbados' iconic Rihanna had brought out a hair line I knew I had to try it. Fenty Hair has a range of different products - which claim to be suitable for multiple hair types. I got my hands on The Rich One Shampoo, Conditioner and Homecurl, each of which are priced at £29.
I find most hair products made for my hair type tend to have really prominent scents, which can be frustrating when it clashes with my perfume, but this was a little bit more tame. It boasts a 'warm ambery scent' with notes of sparkling yuzu, golden amber, florals, coconut, vanilla and sandalwood, but overall I just got the feeling it smelled quite clean.
Lately my scalp has been quite dry so it's quite a relief to have a product that will put the moisture back into my hair and scalp. It was quite a gentle clean but my curls did feel soft afterwards.
READ MORE: Marilyn Monroe fans can get their hands on her beloved fragrance - and it isn't Chanel No 5
READ MORE: LookFantastic has knocked 20% off Burberry's 'stunning' Goddess perfume
I think the true measure of any hair range isn't actually the shampoo or the conditioner, even if that's controversial, but the styling products. You can probably get away with using cheap shampoo as long as the styling product is high quality.
The Homecurl was no doubt the main attraction for me. I found that a little goes a long way which makes the 340ml tub worth its £29 price tag. I will say the instructions on the tub, in picture form, are slightly confusing. You use it like you would any curl styling cream, rubbing a small amount across the curl from root to tip and then scrunching.
Some hair products can leave your hair feeling quite crunchy when you do this but this one made my curls feel healthy and soft. There was a little frizz but this can be solved by just going a little heavier with the product usage.
One day I left the house without wearing perfume and as I gave a friend a hug, he informed me that I smelled incredible. Although I didn't notice a huge smell from the hair products when I applied them, clearly they are noticeable by others.
Overall I like the products, they make my hair feel really healthy but they are quite expensive. As someone with curly hair I don't wash it every single day, which means I don't mind spending a little more on my hair products. I do like the shampoo and conditioner but I'd probably invest my money in Homecurl if I were to only buy one of the Fenty Hair products.
I've enjoyed other products in the past, like Mielle's range, but I much prefer the natural looking finish of Fenty Hair.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.