Daniella Gray is a Newsweek Family & Parenting Reporter based in London, U.K. Her focus is on family dynamics, childhood development, parenting styles, U.S. education and current trends in family and parenting practices. She has covered breaking and original news on topics such as family relationships, national education schemes and parenting hacks, while securing exclusives with high-profile celebrity moms, including Ayda Field-Williams and Ella Mills. Daniella joined Newsweek in May 2024 and had previously worked at parenting website goodto.com. She holds a Print Journalism BA Hons Degree and an NCTJ Diploma in Journalism from Nottingham Trent University. You can get in touch with Daniella by emailing d.gray@newsweek.com.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
If there's proof that Taylor Swift's music is for everybody, this viral TikTok video from London sums it up.
The hilarious clip, which has been viewed over 330,000 times, captured the epitome of how dads experience a pop concert—and the results are just as entertaining.
Social media influencer Luke Trotman, who attended the Eras Tour gig at Wembley Stadium sporting a pink cowboy hat, scans the audience and zooms in on the dads amid a sea of Swifties.
Dressed in a gilet and baseball cap, one dad can be seen with his hands in his pockets, expressionless, as the crowd sings and dances around him in the stands.
The next dad has seemingly taken relaxation to a new level. As the global superstar is belting out a song, the 27-year-old, who goes by @lukettrotman on TikTok, has caught the dad nodding off in his seat.
Trotman—who has a keen eye—doesn't miss the third dad who is subtly moving to the beat with his hands on his hips.
The last two dads take a different approach to the Eras Tour experience. The first swiftly downs his drink while another is caught with a full cup as he tries to navigate his way back to his seat.
Trotman's video gained hundreds of comments from other Taylor Swift fans as they shared their own stories of "dad moments" at concerts.
"Reminds me of when I dragged my dad to Rihanna's Good Girl Gone Bad tour when I was 11," one TikTok user wrote.
The dad that left the most impression was, perhaps unsurprisingly, the man who had fallen asleep. One TikTok user shared that the particular dad "took me out".
Others shared their experiences of being in the presence of dads at one of the Eras Tour shows: "A dad in front of us started out not fussed [not bothered], but by the end of it he was living his best life," one user wrote, while another commented, "My dad was loving it, dancing the whole time."
Swift's Eras Tour had a significant economic impact in the UK—particularly London where Trotman shot his video.
According to Music Week, the London leg of the tour at Wembley Stadium, which spanned eight shows, was expected to draw nearly 700,000 fans and generate £300 million for the local economy.
This estimate is based on what attendees would contribute to the hospitality sector through expenditure on hotels, dining and other services during the tour.
"All legends. They stepped up and took their girls regardless," one TikTok user commented on Trotman's clip.
Do you have funny or adorable videos that you want to share? We want to see the best ones! Send them in to life@newsweek.com and they could appear on our site.
Daniella Gray is a Newsweek Family & Parenting Reporter based in London, U.K. Her focus is on family dynamics, childhood development, parenting styles, U.S. education and current trends in family and parenting practices. She has covered breaking and original news on topics such as family relationships, national education schemes and parenting hacks, while securing exclusives with high-profile celebrity moms, including Ayda Field-Williams and Ella Mills. Daniella joined Newsweek in May 2024 and had previously worked at parenting website goodto.com. She holds a Print Journalism BA Hons Degree and an NCTJ Diploma in Journalism from Nottingham Trent University. You can get in touch with Daniella by emailing d.gray@newsweek.com.
Daniella Gray is a Newsweek Family & Parenting Reporter based in London, U.K. Her focus is on family dynamics, childhood development, parenting styles, U.S. education and current trends in family and parenting practices. She has covered breaking and original news on topics such as family relationships, national education schemes and parenting hacks, while securing exclusives with high-profile celebrity moms, including Ayda Field-Williams and Ella Mills. Daniella joined Newsweek in May 2024 and had previously worked at parenting website goodto.com. She holds a Print Journalism BA Hons Degree and an NCTJ Diploma in Journalism from Nottingham Trent University. You can get in touch with Daniella by emailing d.gray@newsweek.com.
Daniella Gray is a Newsweek Family & Parenting Reporter based in London, U.K. Her focus is on family dynamics, childhood                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC