The multinational beauty retailer Sephora has finally touched down on Manchester soil after increasing demand from fans with the opening of its first megastore outside of London in the Trafford Centre.


  The French retailer Sephora first landed in Paris in 1970 and has since swept the globe for its impressive range of grooming, personal care, skincare, fragrance, hair care and beauty products with hundreds of popular designer brands, as well as its own private label, Sephora Collection, on its shelves.


  The award-winning beauty heavyweight opened its first US shop in New York in 1998 and 26 years later, boasts more than 3,000 stores across the world and more than 30 e-commerce sites.


We were treated to a night of live entertainment and goodies  (Image: NQ)


  In the UK, Sephora welcomed its first two brick-and-mortar stores in London last year and, showing no signs of slowing down, has set its sights on expanding across the north - starting with Manchester's own Trafford Centre.


  In an exclusive preview, Sephora threw an exciting launch party for influencers and media associates to get a glimpse at what's in store on Wednesday, May 15.


  While a DJ kicked up the volume and singers and drag queens later took to the stage to usher in the celebration, attendees wandered through the enormous store to take in Sephora's impressive collection of more than 120 coveted brands across its many glittering shelves.


Sephora is home to an abundance of makeup brands and trending products  (Image: NQ)


  The shelves showcase trending favourites in the beauty sphere and trusted classics, as well as its own line, Sephora Collection, and its many curated and exclusive brands from Rare Beauty by Selena Gomez, Haus Labs by Lady Gaga and Makeup by Mario to Rihanna's Fenty Beauty.


  The shop has main headings under makeup, skincare, fragrance - including men's cologne, and hair products.


  Through the large glass doors from the entrance, there is a 'beauty hub' with mirrors galore in the centre and a Benefit 'brow bar' for customers to try before they buy with makeup pros on hand to help.


A sneak peek in the hair care section  (Image: NQ)


  Skincare includes ranges from Pixi, Tatcha, Glow Recipe, Coco Cosmetics and Paula's Choice to The Ordinary, First Aid Beauty, Drunk Elephant and Sol de Janeiro while makeup aisles include cult favourites such as MAC, Anastacia Beverly Hills, MILK Makeup, Glossier and Make Up For Ever.


  In the hair care section, there is an exciting display of products to cater to any hair needs as well as equipment such as Dyson Air Wraps and other multi-stylers to try. 


  Speaking at the event, Sephora Managing Director UK, Sarah Boyd, said: "We came to the UK with Sephora at the back end of 2022 and instantly we were just having wonderful comments from beauty enthusiasts and fans and consumers from across the country saying 'please come to my city'.


Some of the many skincare products in the Manchester store  (Image: NQ)


  "They were desperate for us to open stores in the amazing communities across the UK.


  "I have to say, first and foremost, that Manchester was leading the way, was the absolute number one in terms of requests and so we wanted to listen to the good people of Manchester and the north west and we wanted to make sure this was our first store that we were opening outside of [London]."


  The new store can be found on the lower floor of Regent Crescent in the Trafford Centre.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
Comments are closed on this article
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.