Follow us
Turks & Caicos was once on the sleepier side of holiday destinations, often associated with aging celebrities and young families. But since the pandemic, the intimate archipelago has gotten big action on social, after playing host to Hailey and Justin Bieber in 2021, Kylie Jenner in 2022, Drake at the end of last year – just a few weeks ago, Rihanna. Try finding a more high-vis crew (we’ll wait). The white-sand beaches in Turks, as locals know it, have maintained an intimate, immaculate feel in spite of a peak in interest from VIPs. With new direct flights from Heathrow to Turks, our damp UK shores are feeling a whole lot closer to this breezy bolthole and its high-wattage coastline.
Big Blue Collective runs kayaking tours around the white-sand beaches and cays.
The numbers are striking: from January to October 2023, Turks and Caicos had a record 1.2 million visitors by air and cruise – with air travel up almost 20% from 2019’s pre-Covid levels. "Word started to spread among the super wealthy about the idea of going to a place where there's a lot of open, clean air, a limited amount of accommodations, and the nature and scenery is absolutely breathtaking,” said Val Kalliecharan, who runs travel advisory firm Luxury Experiences Turks and Caicos.
Despite the arrival of a Ritz-Carlton in 2021, as well as big hitters Marriott, Kempinski, Andaz and Aman’s off-shoot Janu all being slated for new openings, these are relatively quiet islands. Turks saw just a sixth of the tourists that the Bahamas did in the same timeframe last year. This sense of seclusion is what draws the high-net-worth crowd in the first place. Kylie Jenner opted for a modest 11-bedroom and 23-bathroom property herself, but most resorts are less than 15 minutes from the airport and a short, breezy drive to the beach or the handful of local restaurants (like the beloved Da Conch Shack).
Long one of the highest-rated properties to dot Grace Bay, Wymara Resort + Villas has bet big on the villa appeal. Each of its 11 villas comes kitted out with private pools, full kitchens and some have slides that plunge straight into the Atlantic. “Guests just love the way the villas make them feel,” says Bruce Maclaren, the owner of the hotel. No wonder, then, that it’s already building six additional to accommodate the rampant demand.
Locals here are urgently concerned with protecting Turks from the downsides of its surging popularity. The islands are home to one of the world’s largest and healthiest reefs, but the influx of new visitors (particularly those sailing in on chunky private yachts to a cavernous apartment complex) poses a threat to its health. “I often compare accelerated development to fast food vs. slow food,” says David Bowen, Turks & Caicos' former Director of Culture. “Slow food strives to preserve traditional cuisine, takes longer to prepare and costs more. TCI should not allow itself to be overrun with high-rises that take away its special flavour and culture.”
Turks & Caicos is betting big on villas. At Wymara, these multi-bedroom houses lead straight into the Atlantic.
As such, the rule here is to tread lightly. You won’t find two-for-one drink specials or hoards of partygoers trashing the beach with solo cups. Companies like Big Blue Collective run kayaking, snorkelling and boating trips around the island, where guests can learn about locals’ efforts to protect native species like the endangered queen conch (sadly being quickly depleted, as a popular food for tourists).
It’s a bolthole that still feels relatively laidback, even as it becomes more popular with young VIPs. Now’s the time to get in on the action, while crowds remain at bay. Technically still a British Overseas Territory, Turks has long been surprisingly difficult for UK tourists to reach, often involving stopovers in the US or other Caribbean islands. But new direct flights from Virgin Atlantic look set to move the needle for transatlantic holidayers. For committed sun-seeking Brits, these clean, roomy beaches are a cool 10-hour flight away.
Getting here:
Virgin Atlantic has recently launched its first direct route from London Heathrow to Providenciales TCI. Roundtrip prices start at £628.
All 11 of Taylor Swift's Eras, including The Tortured Poets Department, ranked
Lewis Hamilton's sick trousers are the most watched thing at the F1 Grand Prix
In 2024, the best men's haircuts are from 1997 boyband album sleeves
The oral history of Russell T. Davies' Queer as Folk, the groundbreaking gay series that changed British TV for good
8 dark and twisty TV shows and movies to watch after Baby Reindeer
See More Stories
Condé Nast Britain
© 2025 Condé Nast