Today's Digital Daily	
			



	
			Today's Digital Daily	
			

Plus, everything to know about the line of restorative products for all hair types.
Senior Beauty and Lifestyle Commerce Editor for Footwear News and WWD

	If you purchase an independently reviewed product or service through a link on our website, WWD may receive an affiliate commission.

	Rihanna’s ever-expanding Fenty Beauty has welcomed a new category to its mix: Fenty Hair. This new collection of hair care and styling products officially launches on June 13, however we found a way to get early access and shop the products today: Simply head over to the Fenty Hair landing page on Fentybeauty.com, plug in your email and phone number, and get shopping.

Fenty Hair is Rihanna’s highly-anticipated entry into the hair care category, debuting with nine products that cater to all hair types, textures, and thicknesses. News of the launch kicked off a frenzy of attention from Fenty fans — two posts about the line on Rihanna’s Instagram earned a collective 3.5 million likes in a matter of days, while the Fenty Hair Instagram account gained 170,000 followers in one week. Rihanna herself added more fuel to fire when she stepped out on June 10 with a chic new pixie cut full of Fenty Hair products, styled by celebrity hairstylist Yusef. 

	











	
			Related Articles	
	













	Beauty Features
	



	
			Tracee Ellis Ross, Paloma Elsesser, Justine Skye and More Celebrate Inaugural Black Hair Show	
			













	Color Cosmetics
	



	
			Patrick Ta Beauty to Unveil First Beauty Pop-up This Weekend in West Hollywood	
			







A post shared by FENTY HAIR (@fentyhair)

	In her Instagram post announcing the launch of Fenty Hair, Rihanna shared, “You know how much switching my hair up matters to me. I’ve had almost every texture, color, length, from weaves to braids to natural — so I am launching a flexible line of products for not only every hair want, but every single product is designed to strengthen and repair all types of hair, which is what we truly need! It’s time to play and get stronger by the style.” 




			You May Also Like		






	Fenty Hair delivers on that, with essential hair care products and styling tools for pin-straight hair to type 4c curls. The brand offers one hydrating shampoo and two conditioners (one with moderate moisture and another mask-like deep conditioner for curly hair), as well as bond building treatment that rehabs frazzled hair. Fenty Hair’s Homecurl Curl-Defining Cream is poised to be a Fenty Hair favorite — Rihanna shouted out the curly hair product in a recent video with Yusef, calling it a great product for achieving summery beach waves. The collection also includes two hair gels, one light hold and one strong hold, plus an edge brush for detailing your ‘do. 

	Each of Fenty Hair’s products (even styling-focused offerings like the brand’s’ hair gels) include a patented complex that combines nourishing and strand-strengthening ingredients like gooseberry, jackfruit extracts, amino acids, green tea extracts, and hydrolyzed vegetable proteins. This cocktail of ingredients not only moisturize the hair for added shine, but they also penetrate the cuticle of your hair to prevent breakage and split ends in the long run. 

	Below, get a leg up on shopping Fenty Hair products — including high-value bundles that are discounted 10 percent off for a limited time — before the official launch June 13. 

Sign up for WWD Shop’s newsletter to get the scoop on the best in beauty and style with in-depth reviews of exciting new releases and buyer’s guides to find the products you need to try ASAP.

Price upon publish date of this article: $29	

Price upon publish date of this article: $29	

Price upon publish date of this article: $29	

Price upon publish date of this article: $36	

Price upon publish date of this article: $28	

Price upon publish date of this article: $28	

Price upon publish date of this article: $18	

Price upon publish date of this article: $18	

Price upon publish date of this article: $26	

Price upon publish date of this article: $110	

Price upon publish date of this article: $110	

Before you go, check out our list of the best hair dryers for curly hair: 

	Since 1910, WWD — often referred to as “the fashion bible” — has been the leading industry voice of authority for senior executives in the global women’s and men’s fashion, retail and beauty communities, while also informing the consumer media that cover the market. Today, WWD’s breaking news and trend coverage continues to be a trustworthy resource for both fashion insiders and consumers alike. Our shopping editors continue to uphold WWD’s editorial standards and values with quality, expert-backed product selections. Learn more about us here.

	










Claire Sullivan is the Senior Beauty and Lifestyle Commerce Editor for Footwear News and WWD, where she writes and edits beauty, fashion and lifestyle stories. She has over six years of experience as a writer and editor for national media outlets including Martha Stewart Living, Martha Stewart Weddings, InStyle, and Byrdie. She keeps her finger on the pulse of all things related to beauty and wellness, including new hair lines like Fenty Hair.
Sign up for WWD news straight to your inbox every day
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
WWD and Women's Wear Daily are part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All Rights Reserved.