If you click on links we provide, we may receive compensation.

It's part pixie, part mullet.
Granitz/FilmMagic
 Get ready to love Rihanna even more. Today, the superstar multi-hyphenate announced the latest extension of her beauty empire: Fenty Hair—out on June 13. In a clip promoting the drop, Ri wears a classic tan trench coat, which is the perfect pick to let her new, tawny blonde hair take the spotlight. No stranger to hair transformations, Rihanna's hair was styled in a shaggy pixie that had a wolf-cut twist and a dash of mullet thrown in for good measure. The haircut draws from classic pixies, like Mia Farrow's, but modernizes the look with the longer, flipped-out back, bringing the look into fun and flirty territory.

 "A new family is moving in! @fentyhair is pullin up and it’s time to finally have the hair experience you’ve been waiting for," she wrote alongside the clip before adding a flipping-hair emoji. "You know how much switching my hair up matters to me. I’ve had almost every texture, color, length, from weaves to braids to natural—so I am launching a flexible line of products for not only every hair want, but every single product is designed to strengthen and repair all types of hair, which is what we truly need! It’s time to play and get stronger by the style."

 Proving that the inclusive M.O. of Fenty is alive and well for the new launch, the clip also includes a variety of hairstyles, lengths, and textures.

Neil Mockford/WireImage
 While there aren't many details on what the line will include, Rihanna directed her fans to head to FentyHair.com to find out more and be the first to get in on the products when they drop next week. With today's sneak peek giving us just a taste, it's only a matter of time until Rihanna offers up more looks at the line as June 13 approaches. People notes that anyone who signs up will have early access to products on June 10 at 8 PM PST.

Max Cisotti/Dave Benett/Getty Images
 Prior to the pixie, Rihanna's latest hairstyles included long, honey-hued waves and side-swept bangs followed by bubblegum-pink hair for an A$AP Rocky and Puma pop-up shop in Miami.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)