Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
 Stormzy's mate Omar Nyame is set to spice things up in the Love Island villa. The 25 year old PE teacher from Croydon, who was by the rapper's side during his headline performance at Glastonbury in 2019, is hoping to find love on the show. 
 Stormzy, a self-confessed Love Island fan since its debut in 2015, made waves when he appeared on the 2017 series following a tweet about contestant Olivia Attwood. He was also spotted at the finale of the Love Island: All Stars series in February, where he was back with his girlfriend Maya Jama, the current host of the show.
Mimii was left single after Friday night's recoupling, but instead of getting sent home packing like Sam Taylor was by Joey, she was graced with the presence of Omar, who 'text' to take her out on a date.
When asked what celebrities Omar would like in the villa with him, he didn't chose mate Stormzy - maybe because he's already happily coupled up with the host.
"Drewskie the American comedian, he’s really funny. I’d also like to have Jack Grealish in there because he seems like a proper cool lad and ladies-wise, it would have to be Rihanna," he told ITV.
Fans on X, formerly known as Twitter, were over the moon at the ending, as Mimii has quickly become a fan favourite in the villa.
"'Mimii you are now single… Omar is waiting for you outside the villa' LOVE ISLAND PRODUCERS YOU KNEW WHAT YOU HAD TO DO!" exclaimed one exited viewer.
Another said: "PRODUCERS BRINGING IN OMAR???? Oh producers ATE with that one I just know Ayo is FUMING."
"Omar is fineee wow Mimii I am so happy for u," another gushed.
A fourth exclaimed: "Omar we ready boo!! LET THE GAMES BEGIN!!"
Could Mimii be the one? Omar is hoping so. "I’m done with messing around and casually seeing girls, I want to find real love. I’ve done the whole party thing and dated lots of people but now I’m ready to find the real deal," he said.
Love Island 2024 has begun. Boots has launched a new collab covering everything you need for villa life, with must-haves ranging from fragrance to skincare plus essential beauty gadgets.
From £5
Omar isn't the only one with a celeb connection this year. TOWIE's Joey Essex has also entered the villa, and Ronnie Vint served as best man at Olivia Attwood's wedding.
Harriett Blackmore is pals with YouTuber Saffron Barker, and AJ Pritchard's ex-girlfriend Abbie Quinnen is rumoured to be joining the villa soon.
 Despite his connection to the host, Omar reportedly went through the same selection process as the other contestants. The surprise arrival of Joey helped the show achieve its biggest launch episode in recent years, with a peak of 2.2 million viewers tuning in for Monday's episode.
This was a significant increase from last year's summer series, which debuted to 1.5 million viewers, and the winter 2024 series launch, which attracted 1.9 million viewers.
 Love Island returns on Monday 9pm on ITV2 and ITVX.