By CHLOE LOUISE FOR MAILONLINE  
 Published:  10:56, 8 December 2024   |  Updated:  10:58, 8 December 2024   
 116
View  comments
Rihanna put on a very leggy display in ripped black tights as she stepped out for a romantic dinner with partner A$AP Rocky at Carbone in South Beach during Art Basel Weekend.
The songstress, 36, whose real name is Robyn Rihanna Fenty, looked incredible as she stepped out in a stylish black mini dress with a ripped design that added a spot of colour.
Her tights created a seamless effect for her long legs as they stretched over a pair of towering nude stilettos.
She finished her ensemble with a chic black fur shawl that she thrown over her shoulders.
To accessorise, Rihanna, who is a mother to two sons, RZA and Riot, upped the glitzy with a myriad of gold necklaces and bracelets.
Meanwhile her partner, who she has been dating since 2020, cut a more casual look as he arrived in triple denim.
Rihanna put on a very leggy display in ripped black tights as she stepped out for a romantic dinner with partner A$AP Rocky at Carbone in South Beach during Art Basel Weekend
The songstress, 36, whose real name is Robyn Rihanna Fenty, looked incredible as she stepped out in a stylish black mini dress with a ripped design that added a spot of colour
The rapper, 36, whose real name is Rakim Athelaston Mayers, stepped out a long denim shirt and baggy jeans which he layered under an oversized fur-collared coat.
He finished his look with a pair of chunky black leather boots and large black sunglasses.
For the romantic outing, they visited Carbone, which is known for its near-impossible reservation list and signature dishes such as spicy rigatoni vodka.
Despite the eatery attracting the stars since it opened in 2013, the restaurant has recently received as scathing review which dubbed the chain's food 'tired' and 'inconsistent'.
In closing her review, Krishna noted that when it first launched in 2013, Carbone revitalized the typical red sauce restaurant beloved by New Yorkers.
Over a decade in however, she said that it is starting to show signs of wear, with the food lacking in both consistency and flair.
She added: 'Carbone is like a movie franchise that keeps getting rebooted, even though the original hasn't aged well and the sequels aren't stellar, either.
'But like those films, you don't go to Carbone expecting a cutting-edge experience.'
Her tights created a seamless effect for her long legs as they stretched over a pair of towering nude stilettos
To accessorise, Rihanna, who is a mother to two sons, RZA and Riot, upped the glitzy with a myriad of gold necklaces and bracelets
Meanwhile her partner, who she has been dating since 2020, cut a more casual look as he arrived in triple denim
The rapper, 36, whose real name is Rakim Athelaston Mayers, stepped out a long denim shirt and baggy jeans which he layered under an oversized fur-collared coat
He finished his look with a pair of chunky black leather boots and large black sunglasses
Rihanna (pictured in October) and A$AP's outing comes a year after she gave birth to her youngest child, Riot
Rihanna (pictured with Katie Grand in Sptember) and Rocky were friends for over a decade before their relationship became romantic
Carbone launched the restaurant with fellow chef Rich Torrisi and Jeff Zalaznick with their website describing it as an 'homage to the essence of the great Italian-American restaurants of mid-20th century in New York'.
Rihanna and A$AP's outing comes a year after she gave birth to her youngest child, Riot.
They recently looked more loved-up than ever on Wednesday as they posed for sweet photos on the Footwear News Achievement Awards red carpet in New York.
The nine-time Grammy Award-winner couldn't contain her smile as she cozied up to A$AP while posing for photos on the star-studded red carpet.
As expected, the parents of two were dressed to impress and made a stylish statement at the bash held at Cipriani South Street.
The couple, who have been together since January 2020, were seen whispering in each other's ears and laughing continuously.
Rihanna and Rocky were friends for over a decade before their relationship became romantic. 
Two years after their first date, the couple welcomed their first son, RZA, in May 2022.
Rihanna famously announced her second pregnancy during her Super Bowl Halftime Show in February 2023. 
She gave birth to Riot Rose that August.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group