The estate of Irish singer Sinead O'Connor, who died in July 2023, issued a joint statement with her label, Chrysallis Records, ordering Donald Trump's campaign to stop playing O'Connor's music at his rallies.ASSOCIATED PRESS
LONDON – Donald Trump’s selection of music for his political rallies has again sparked discord.
The estate of Sinead O’Connor, in a joint statement with her longtime label Chrysalis Records, said Trump’s use of the late singer’s best-known song, “Nothing Compares 2 U,” at a campaign event in January was outrageous.
“Throughout her life, it is well known that Sinéad O’Connor lived by a fierce moral code defined by honesty, kindness, fairness, and decency towards her fellow human beings,” the statement said, according to the BBC.
“It was with outrage therefore that we learned that Donald Trump has been using her iconic performance of Nothing Compares 2 U at his political rallies,” the statement continued. “It is no exaggeration to say that Sinéad would have been disgusted, hurt, and insulted to have her work misrepresented in this way by someone who she herself referred to as a ‘biblical devil’.”
The statement concluded with a demand that the Trump campaign cease and desist from using the song at his rallies.
O’Connor, 56, died in July 2023 in her flat in London. In January the Coroner Court ruled the Irish singer’s death a result of natural causes.
At the rally in Maryland in February, Abba’s “Dancing Queen,” Johnny Cash’s “Ring of Fire” and Elvis Presley’s “Suspicious Minds” as well as “Nothing Compares 2 U” were among the songs played before Trump took the stage, The Guardian said.
But a host of artists have told Trump and his campaign to keep his hands off their music, and in many cases threatened legal action if he keeps playing it at his rallies.
Among those artists are Adele, Aerosmith, the Beatles, Bruce Springsteen, Elton John, Guns n’ Roses, Leonard Cohen, Linkin Park, Neil Young, Nickelback, Ozzy Osbourne, Panic! at the Disco, Pharrell Williams, Phil Collins, Prince, Queen, R.E.M., Rihanna, The Rolling Stones, Tom Petty, Village People and the White Stripes, Variety reported.
Johnny Marr, the guitarist for The Smiths, joined the list in January after spotting a video ABC presidential campaign reporter Soo Rin Kim posted to X, formerly known as Twitter, in which the band’s song “Please, Please, Please, Let Me Get What I Want” can be clearly heard playing for a pre-rally crowd in South Dakota.
“Ahh…right…OK. I never in a million years would’ve thought this could come to pass,” Marr posted on X. “Consider this s--- shut right down right now.”
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices