On the latest episode of Drink Champs, Schoolboy Q revealed that he and ASAP Rocky have spoken about doing a collaborative album that may never see the light of day due to poor communication habits.
"Yeah, we talked about it but... Me and him just ghost each other so much, bro," he explained around the 1:47:00 point of the episode when asked by host N.O.R.E. about the potential project, as seen below. "I'll be looking for him, I can't find him, he'll be looking for me. ... Yeah, he'll call, I'll see it, I'll be like, 'Bruh, I'll call you tomorrow.'"
Schoolboy Q conceded that Rocky is a busy guy, though, especially now that he has a family with Rihanna. "He got Rihanna, bruh... So sometime I gotta get him back," he said. "'All right, you ghosted me for a week, I'm going to have to ghost you for a week. You gotta wait a week now.' Nah but, that's my boy. I was just at his house looking at the new art he was making and coming up with. He called."
Schoolboy Q and ASAP Rocky have collaborated multiple times throughout their careers and remain close friends. Whether that collaborative full-length ever happens, though, remains to be seen. It isn't the only collab album Rocky has spoken about, as he teased a full-length with Tyler, The Creator in 2018 only for the release to never materialize. Tyler later told fans, "Don't get your hopes up."
Elsewhere in the Drink Champs interview, Q shared his thoughts on Kanye West's ten-year-old daughter North West teasing her debut album, Elementary School Dropout. "Elementary Dropout, that's cold," Q laughed. "That is hard, like, 'I'm out, fuck it.' ... She looking at these teachers like, 'I got a trillion, what you talking about?'"
Watch the full interview with Q above.
music | BY Joe Price
Schoolboy Q Regrets Turning Down the Beat for Travis Scott’s “Goosebumps”: ‘I Blew It’
music | BY Mark Elibert
ScHoolboy Q Ranks His Albums From Worst To Best, Lists 'Blue Lips' At One Behind 'Blank Face LP'
music | BY Trace William Cowen
Freddie Gibbs Slams Akademiks in New Schoolboy Q Track: 'I’mma Catch Another Lawsuit'
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.