Is it worth the hype?

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Let me introduce myself. My name is Grace, I'm a beauty writer, and I have been bleaching my hair for years. As a naturally dark brunette, I have been getting blonde highlights for as long as I can remember to help brighten up my lengths.
However, recently I have started to notice the damaging effects of said bleach. I'm talking breakage, brittleness and more. So, in a bid to bring my hair back to life, I decided to try out one of the best hair masks.
I had used Olaplex and various other brands for a long time, but I was ready to switch things up and try something new. Enter stage right, the K18 Leave-in Molecular Repair Hair Mask. Dubbed a better version of Olaplex, and used by the likes of Hailey Bieber and Rihanna, this mask has got somewhat of a celebrity status in the beauty world.
I have to admit, when it first landed on my desk, I was pretty sceptical. Unlike other hair masks, this is a leave-in formula that you don't rinse out. The idea of leaving a bond-repairing treatment in my hair had me feeling uneasy. Would it make my hair greasy? Would it weigh it down? And, most importantly, would it leave it more brittle from overload? There was only one way to find out.
First things first, what is the difference between K18 and Olaplex? When it comes to K18, the hair treatment itself is infused with the brand's unique patented K18Peptide, which works on a molecular level to repair damage. According to the brand's website, the peptide "mimics hair's structure to reverse damage by reconnecting polypeptide chains and disulfide bonds broken during bleaching, color, and chemical services."
By reconnecting these polypeptide chains, the mask strengthens along the length and width of the hair, offering a full 360 approach.
In comparison, Olaplex uses patented Olaplex Bond Building Technology™ , that rebuilds broken disulfide bonds to restore strength. The brand's popular weekly pre-shampoo treatment repairs and prevents damage, whereas the K18 mask works to restore your hair to its previous state.
Celebrity news, beauty, fashion advice, and fascinating features, delivered straight to your inbox!
Although the technology is seriously impressive, it's worth considering the difference in size and price. The K18 hair treatment is definitely more of an investment. Look at it this way, you can get 100ml of the Olaplex No.3 Hair Perfector for £28), whereas the K18 mask will set you back £30 for just 15ml of product. If you're after a more affordable alternative, shop the Olaplex mask below. That being said, I definitely use less of the K18 mask on my hair, so I do get more for my money.
The K18 hair treatment is meant to work from the very first use, so it was time for me to give it a go. After using a detox shampoo to remove any product buildup throughout the week, I followed the instructions on the back of the bottle and skipped my usual conditioner in favour of the mask. The bottle says to towel dry your hair after showering, then apply the mask and wait for four minutes before styling.
The texture was similar to the Olaplex No.3 Hair Perfector, and I liked the fact that the bottle had a pump, making it a lot easier to get the product out. I have very thick, naturally curly hair, so I applied a good 3-4 pumps to the ends.
It's worth noting that the brand recommends working it into the hair from the ends to the roots, however I did actually avoid the roots at first as I was worried about them looking (and feeling) greasy.
After waiting for four minutes, I blow dried and straightened my hair, and wow. My hair had truly never felt so soft or looked so sleek. Sure, I'd used other products in the past that had helped the condition of my locks, but this was on a whole other level. My hair looked good, it felt good and most importantly for me, it was way more manageable. I've now been using it for the past month, and the results just keep getting better. I've also noticed a shine to my hair that I haven't seen since getting it bleached, so this product will definitely be a staple in my routine for years to come.
So, what about if you haven’t got bleached hair? I wanted to find out whether the K18 hair mask is worth investing in for other hair types too, so I enlisted the help of fellow beauty editor Mica Ricketts to put it to the test.
“I have never coloured my hair in my life yet, despite having no damage from bleach, my natural hair is incredibly dry and prone to breakage—a combination of its natural texture and the fact that I use a lot of heat on it. I don’t tend to like leave-in products as despite my hair being quite curly and prone to frizz, it gets weighed down quite easily so I prefer to rely on things like lightweight serums after shampooing and conditioning to smooth it out after washing and add shine. However, I followed the instructions and worked three pumps of the product through the lengths of my freshly-washed hair—almost up to the roots. Even after rough-drying, it was clear to see immediately that this stuff works. I would never describe my hair as feeling soft, but it already had a silkier texture and just felt more manageable to dry and style than it usually does. I continued with my usual styling routine—fully drying the rest of my hair then adding some definition with my favourite curling tong and I was really impressed with the results. I can’t say that it totally rid my hair of flyaways and frizz, but it definitely looked shinier and healthier and felt almost thicker and more nourished. Appearances aside, however, it was so much easier to style it than it would otherwise and just felt so much nicer to touch. More importantly, there was no residue in my hair either which was my major concern. It just felt and looked really good.” - Mica Ricketts
It goes without saying that we are both obsessed - and keen to try more out from the brand. We've rounded up our top K18 products so be sure to check out our editor-approved buying guide, or simply shop our top picks for yourself below:
Grace Lindsay is currently Junior Beauty Editor at Who What Wear UK and previously was Marie Claire UK's E-Commerce Writer.  With over three years of experience in the fashion and beauty industry, she covers everything from the best make-up and skincare deals to how to shop the stand out trends of the season. When she's not typing away at her laptop, Grace can be found shopping her favourite vintage markets IRL, or catching up on her never-ending list of books to read.

Luxury activewear that will motivate you to work out


Marie Claire UK is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury,
Bath
BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.