Hyperallergic

					Sensitive to Art & its Discontents				


							Privacy Policy												

Success! Your account was created and you’re signed in.Please visit My Account to verify and manage your account.
An account was already registered with this email. Please check your inbox for an authentication link.
We rely on readers like you to fund our journalism.  If you value our coverage and want to support more of it, please join us as a member.
LONDON — The Wellcome Collection is an unusual place. I mean that sincerely as a compliment. It’s a rare example of a scientific institution doing something genuinely bold and creative with its colonial history. There’s a degree of playfulness to their exhibitions, too, and their current show, The Cult of Beauty, is typically highly polished and prettily displayed. The exhibition’s focus is on the construction and consumption of beauty, its shifting standards “across time and cultures.” It’s a solid concept, mostly well executed. It’s an inevitable consequence of Wellcome’s collection and location that the show’s content skews European, though the curators make attempts to balance it: the first three objects in the collection are a copy of the bust of Nefertiti, a painting of Krishna, and a 16th-century Spanish “Black Madonna.” Opening the exhibition this way sets an expectation of more diverse beauty standards than just White, Eurocentric norms, to which the show doesn’t quite live up. There’s very little explanation of the Black Madonna, and nothing to clarify how this painting actually relates to beauty. 
On a busy day, the space is incredibly crowded. The exhibits mostly run around the rooms’ edges, and shuffling from object to object can feel like being on a conveyor belt. There’s a lot of material to take in, not all of it well explained. In the first room are casts of three sculptures: Venus, representing feminine beauty; Idolino, representing an idealized masculine form; and a small Hermaphroditus, which would embody gender fluidity with its breasts and penis. This Hermaphroditus has been censored — castrated by a previous owner — but the gallery label is strangely coy, so unless you recognize the myth or the sculpture it’s not obvious. There’s also multimedia artist Cassils, posing like a bodybuilder in shiny red lipstick in “Advertisement: Homage to Benglis,” but Linda Benglis’s infamous 1974 Artforum advertisement, in which she wears nothing but a double-ended dildo and cat-eye sunglasses, isn’t displayed, so the reference will be lost on many viewers. 
Wellcome is always at its best when it’s willing to be truly weird. In this case, the “Beauty Sensorium” full of “Renaissance Goo” — recreations of historical cosmetics displayed among grotesquely melting glassware and tiles in a kind of psychedelic apothecary — stands out as a fantastically strange and genuinely creative way to enliven the history of beauty, in all its messiness. This quirky interpretation of serious scholarly research is exactly what I had hoped for from the exhibition, but it makes the adjacent displays of collection holdings like medical corsets and cosmetic packaging all the more flat.
Get the latest art news, reviews and opinions from Hyperallergic.
A section on racism and beauty, guest curated by the writer Emma Dabiri, focuses on contemporary and historical colorism and prejudice through objects like the Game of Goose, a bizarrely racist board game that originated around the 15th century where players “ascend” through different nationalities, getting paler as they go. The section’s limited attempt to show how beauty is cultural rather than universal is stymied by the chosen objects. Why use a copy of the “Rose of Versailles” manga to make an argument about blond hair and blue eyes becoming a beauty standard in Japan, when the story is set in 18th-century France and features entirely European characters? It’s interesting to see Josephine Baker’s “Bakerskin,” a darkening face powder sold to White Europeans who wanted to imitate her skin color, especially displayed next to the famously broad foundation shade range of Rihanna’s Fenty Beauty, but the show makes no reference to the appropriation of Blackness in so much contemporary beauty, and little about how Baker confronted and subverted the standards of her day.
In trying to sweep across so much time, the show over-generalizes and makes clumsy comparisons: for instance, juxtaposing Kim Kardashian’s Selfie book with an ancient Egyptian mirror is a boringly on-the-nose comment on vanity. Xcessive Aesthetics’ endless scroll of beauty TikToks is exhausting and obvious, as is an installation of makeup looks and slogans by the “beauty disruptor” project Makeupbrutalism. The show feels too trendy at times — the theme is less nuanced than it could be, and committing to the question of how beauty is sold, or how beauty trends change across time and geography, would be more effective than aiming for both and answering neither. But there are gems: It’s always good to see the Museum of Transology’s archive of personal trans histories through objects like lipsticks, packers used by trans men, and surgically removed chest tissue. Narcissister’s sculptural installation of her late mother’s treasured items is a poignant, intimate look at the beauty and belief we inherit, and Shirin Fathi’s photo series The Disobedient Nose is an acerbic take on the history of cosmetic surgery. Overall, this is a show that does little to challenge its audience, but provides an easy romp through the history of beauty. 
The Cult of Beauty continues at the Wellcome Collection (183 Euston Road, London, England) through April 28. The exhibition was curated by Janice Li.
We hope you enjoyed this article! Before you keep reading, please consider supporting Hyperallergic’s journalism during a time when independent, critical reporting is increasingly scarce.
Unlike many in the art world, we are not beholden to large corporations or billionaires. Our journalism is funded by readers like you, ensuring integrity and independence in our coverage. We strive to offer trustworthy perspectives on everything from art history to contemporary art. We spotlight artist-led social movements, uncover overlooked stories, and challenge established norms to make art more inclusive and accessible. With your support, we can continue to provide global coverage without the elitism often found in art journalism.
If you can, please join us as a member today. Millions rely on Hyperallergic for free, reliable information. By becoming a member, you help keep our journalism free, independent, and accessible to all. Thank you for reading.

							Alice Procter is an art historian and writer working on colonial memory in museums. She is the author of The Whole Picture (Cassell, 2020)															
								More by Alice Procter								

Only Members may post a comment. If you already have a membership, then sign in. Become a member now.
The feminist artist probed, mimicked, and remixed mass media to explore how information is disseminated, transformed, and assimilated. 
The temporary ruling comes as Trump moves to dismantle the Institute of Museum and Library Services and the National Endowments of the Arts and Humanities in a newly released budget proposal.
The annual series of free exhibitions, symposia, open studios, and runway shows featuring innovations in art and design is finally here. 
From criticism of mass deportations to hilarious roasts of the president, May 1 was a nationwide show of art-filled resistance against the Trump administration.
Amalia Mesa-Bains’s altars to memory, Akinsanya Kambon’s Pan-Africanist sculptures, colonial wine production, restaging Diane Arbus’s 1972 retrospective, and more.
Rich photographs by Wolfgang Tillmans, Steve Mallon’s odes to locomotives, Joanna Grabiarz’s joyful etchings, and so much more.
Amid pervasive uncertainty, queerness emerges as a deliberate unraveling of solidity across the diverse works of eight artists.
On view from May 6 through 18 in Medford, Massachusetts, this exhibition represents the 2025 MFA class and their journey through numerous “unprecedented” events.
Footage shows police storming the campus ahead of an unofficial showing of the documentary, which focuses on pro-Palestine student protests.
This week: surviving as an artist in New York City, nostalgic ’90s ads, Mohsen Madawi walks free, the Northern Lights speak, a seven-year-old’s gallery opening, and more.
Hyperallergic is a forum for serious, playful, and radical thinking about art in the world today. Founded in 2009, Hyperallergic is headquartered in Brooklyn, New York.

Enter the code sent to your email.


Email address



Enter your password



					Sign in by entering the code we sent to , or clicking the magic link in the email.				

Privacy Policy. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.						

						Get the best of Hyperallergic directly in your email inbox.					

						Sending to: