ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA - JUNE 10: Rihanna arrives at the Rihanna x Fenty Hair Los Angeles Launch ... More Party at Nya Studios on June 10, 2024 in Los Angeles, California. Rihanna's Good Girl Gone Bad is still charting, more than a decade after is release, and now it's become her first album to reach a very special milestone.  (Photo by Kayla Oaddams/WireImage)
Rihanna spent much of her career as a singles-focused artist, and her plan paid off brilliantly. She scored more smashes than most artists can dream of, and she outperformed many of her contemporaries when it came to release schedules. For years, RiRi had a hit on the radio and the charts at all times, and though that time is over—as she’s focusing on other ventures—her fans are still listening.
As was always the case, the focus remains largely on the individual tunes, but the weekly charts are compiled differently now compared to when she launched her career. When fans stream the tunes they’re most familiar with, they help both the individual songs, as well as the collections they’re featured on. Now, one of those albums has reached a special milestone, thanks to continued consumption, even if it’s primarily all about the biggest hits.
Good Girl Gone Bad has now lived on the U.K. albums chart for 250 weeks, as of this frame. It hits that large number as it slips one space, stepping down from No. 75 to No. 76 on the ranking of the most-consumed full-lengths and EPs in the country.
The set marks Rihanna’s first to make it to that milestone. So far, none of her seven other full-lengths have even passed 200 frames on the competitive tally.
At present, Rihanna’s second-longest-charting title on the U.K. albums list remains Loud. That hits-packed collection has now spent 112 turns on the tally. Both Good Girl Gone Bad and Loud are the singer’s only two projects to rack up triple-digit stays on the roster.
Rihanna released Good Girl Gone Bad in 2007, by which time she’d already become a pop star. The project, which she promoted for years, turned out to be her most successful in many respects, as it produced five huge hits between the original and the deluxe reissue. The CD debuted at No. 1 in the U.K., giving the Barbadian musician her first leader in the nation.
Good Girl Gone Bad is only present on two charts in the U.K. this week. As it dips ever so slightly on the main albums tally, it also keeps steady on the Official Albums Streaming ranking. On that list, which focuses only on the most-streamed collections in the territory, Rihanna holds at No. 57.