If you're a human and see this, please ignore it. If you're a scraper, please click the link below :-)
  Note that clicking the link below will block access to this site for 24 hours.
From dance-party DJs to Philly’s favorite brass band, here are some one-of-a-kind choices.
Snacktime is among our picks for great wedding music for your Philly Big Day. / Photograph by Stevie Chris
Music sets the tune for many local love stories, and some couples even go so far as to incorporate it as a theme into their Big Day or even get a few superstars to perform. If you’re looking for a way to hit a high note with your soundtrack, then these DJs, bands and more are for you. With all that, you — and your guests — will be on the dance floor till the wee hours.
You may know Riot Nerd from their Best of Philly-winning themed dance parties, from Taylor Swift to ’90s grunge. But they also have a side hustle perfect for nearly-weds. LoveBuzz DJs will help craft your playlist and create dance-floor vibes worthy of celebrating your union. Pro tip: Add on a photo booth.
Since the funky seven-piece brass band began popping up in parks during the pandemic, Snacktime has become Philly’s de facto fave. You know it’s a party if the coolest horn group in town shows up. So why not bring their boundless energy to your wedding?
DJ Lady FX, a.k.a. Marlene Bell, tailors her set to the crowd, the couple and venue — she even dresses on-theme! Folks rave about her ability to highlight and create special moments. And as a self-described “vibe curator,” she’ll make sure your guests (from ages nine to 99) keep dancing all night.
Violinist Manuela Romero fuses classical music with Latin rhythms when part of Philly’s Kahlo Quartet. But the classically trained virtuoso also plays solo — on an electric light-up violin — for ceremonies. She’ll take you from wedding march to all-out bash on just four strings.
Whether you want a three-piece ensemble or a 14-piece band, the Bachelor Boys will get the party started. The collective of Philly jazz musicians and vocalists will customize a configuration just for you. Their pop repertoire ranges from Aretha Franklin to Bruce Springsteen to Dua Lipa.
Ah, the last song — so much pressure to get it right. But Jon Ardito at Sugarbomb Entertainment says it all starts with what note you want to end the party on. Some couples go for a high-energy dance song (“We Found Love,” by Rihanna); some opt for a sing-along “belter” like Journey’s “Don’t Stop Believin’.” Another sweet option is what Ardito calls a “love circle,” where guests gather around the couple of honor for one final center-of-attention moment.
Published as “Expert Advice” in the Winter/Spring 2024 issue of Philadelphia Wedding.
Wedding Social Media Etiquette for Philly Couples and Their Guests
4 Deliciously Fun Philly Restaurant Weddings to Inspire Your Own
Philly-Area Restaurants Perfect for Your Wedding Festivities
2025  © Metro Corp. All Rights Reserved.