Sign up for your daily dose of dope.
March 3 2024, Published 4:15 p.m. ET
In a recent pre-wedding event for Indian billionaire Anant Ambani and Radhika Merchant, pop icon Rihanna faced criticism for her performance, with some labeling her as "lazy" and "boring," RadarOnline.com has learned.
Despite reports of being paid over $6 million for a 90-minute appearance, the singer was heavily scrutinized for her alleged lackluster delivery.
Rihanna was criticized for her performance in India.
The 36-year-old singer took the stage at the lavish event in Jamnagar, India, on Friday, March 1, where some of the world's wealthiest and most influential figures, including Bill Gates, Mark Zuckerberg, and Ivanka Trump, were in attendance. 
Anant, 28, the youngest son of India's renowned business tycoon Mukesh Ambani, will be tying the knot with Radhika in July. 
Rihanna sang a medley of her famous hits at the party, including Umbrella, We Found Love, Stay, Rude Boy, Diamonds and Work.
Bill Gates, Mark Zuckerberg, and Ivanka Trump, were in attendance.
Videos of Rihanna performing at the pre-wedding event have gone viral on X, formerly known as Twitter, with the superstar being mercilessly mocked by users for "seemingly doing the bare minimum."
One user shared a video of the performance on the social media platform, asking, "My people paying that much for her?? They could have had Bollywood stars and a complete production instead, and it would've been better than this."
Another person commented, "I know it's essentially for a birthday party/wedding event, but come on. I've seen more lively performances on SNL."
Some of Rihanna's fans defended her in the comments, writing, "She's still a good performer. You can even hear the crowd be into it IN THE VIDEO! Leave her alone."
Rihanna's performance went viral on X over the weekend.
The pre-wedding festivities took place in Jamnagar, India, as part of a three-day event reportedly costing over $120 million. 
Never miss a story — sign up for the RadarOnline.com newsletter to get your daily dose of dope. Daily. Breaking. Celebrity news. All free.
Daily updates from the heart of Hollywood, right to your inbox
By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you’re agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
As RadarOnline.com previously reported, Riri was seen making a stylish entrance on Thursday when she arrived alongside boyfriend A$AP Rocky for the event in honor of the youngest son of the country's richest man. 
Attendees at the event, including the pop star herself, were required to honor a detailed, nine-page dress code during the event, which will feature a cocktail party, sightseeing, and a visit to an animal rescue sanctuary.
The couple spared no expense at the event, years after Ambani's sister Isha married Anand Piramal in a lavish ceremony in 2018.
Email us at tips@radaronline.com
It's all over all right. On May 14, just one day before news broke that Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez are allegedly headed toward a divorce, the singer was spotted house-hunting on her own in Beverly Hills, RadarOnline.com revealed.
BY Aaron Johnson
Clint Eastwood has hit his “frankly, I don’t give a damn” moment in life!
BY Radar Staff
Tom Cruise is living up to his Top Gun image by splashing a fortune choppering his new female “best pal” around Britain – after he “fell in love” with the way she's overcome her disability.
BY Aaron Tinney
More From Radar Online
Opt-out of personalized ads
© Copyright 2025 RADAR ONLINE™️. A DIVISION OF MYSTIFY ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK INC. RADAR ONLINE is a registered trademark. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy. People may receive compensation for some links to products and services. Offers may be subject to change without notice.