Today's Digital Daily	
			



	
			Today's Digital Daily	
			

The A-list couple has been together since 2019.
Senior Trending News Writer

Rihanna embraced disco-worthy drama on Friday while stepping out for A$AP Rocky’s birthday in New York. The couple, who began dating in 2019, shares two children: Rza, born in 2022, and Riot, born in 2023.

	The singer and Fenty Beauty founder sported a plunging long-sleeved lycra gown from LaQuan Smith’s spring 2025 collection, which debuted last month during New York Fashion Week. She added on a cropped fur coat by the American label, completing her look with Dolce & Gabbana shades, bedazzled Gianvito Rossi pumps and gold jewelry by Marie Lichtenberg.

	Rocky, too, donned a fresh off the runway look, wearing a checkered coat over a gray suit and striped button-up from Bottega Veneta’s spring 2025 line. He accessorized with a faux shopping bag by the Italian label, topping off his ensemble with chunky black Oxfords.

	










			You May Also Like		






	The rapper served as the face of Bottega’s pre-spring 2024 campaign last year, and more recently, he appeared in a Father’s Day advertisement for the fashion house alongside his sons.

	LaQuan Smith’s latest collection spun the sheer trend into organza coats, corsets and trousers. The designer was inspired by “the palettes of wildlife” — sending earthy browns, khakis and yellows down the runway.

	“Smith continued to evolve his core design codes for spring, bringing a fresh perspective to a range of categories and types of clients,” explained WWD’s Senior Reporter, Men’s and Accessories, Layla Ilchi.

	Sheer styles are nothing new, but this season at New York Fashion Week, many labels reinvented the ongoing trend, leaving little to the imagination with fabrics such as nylon and lace. Designers including Christian Siriano, Alaïa, Grace Ling and Ralph Lauren experimented with barely-there clothing in the form of suiting, eveningwear and crochet.
Sign up for WWD news straight to your inbox every day
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
WWD and Women's Wear Daily are part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All Rights Reserved.