Amazon Prime Day is fast approaching, and while most people will be seeing what tech they can get a discount on, stocking up on household essentials or something to spruce up the garden, I’ll be scouring the global e-tailer for their best fashion deals. Amazon may not necessarily be the first place you'd think to look for a new outfit or accessory, however, there are some absolute gems on there - if you know where to look for them. 
The two-day event will run from July 16-17, and offers shoppers the opportunity to scoop what is often the best price on a range of products. And as a fashion writer and frequent Amazon surfer, I’ve picked out a few pieces that customers should have on their radar.
Among my top picks, there's a celeb-approved pair of jeans and some designer-looking sunglasses, as well as styles similar to those at the likes of M&S and Sweaty Betty. While some are already reduced, others remain at full price, but you can always add them to your basket now and be notified of any price changes as Prime Day approaches.
But before I share with you my top picks, let me first tell you where I look for the best fashion finds on Amazon. Firstly, if you're looking for brands, you can simply type the retailer into the search bar and find their storefront, like Roman's here. Or you can navigate to departments and browse the fashion category there.
Alternatively, there's The Drop, which is essentially Amazon’s ‘own label’. featuring a selection of trend-led pieces and capsule wardrobe favourites. Or there's always the 'Today's Deals' section, where you can then filter by clothes, shoes and bags, and browse the latest deals.
Amazon's Prime Day sale officially starts on July 16, where it'll discount hundreds if not thousands of products across its site for 48 hours. Running up until 11.59pm on July 17. It's one of the biggest sale events of the year (like Black Friday) but only available to those who are signed up for its Prime membership. Here's what we're eyeing up ahead of the event:
Love Island beauty Molly-Mae Hague regularly shares her stylish outfits with her fans on Instagram, often sporting a mixture of higher-end brands and fast fashion favourites. But she left followers floored earlier this year after revealing her expensive-looking pair of leopard print jeans weren’t from the high street or a luxury boutique, but were in fact, from Amazon.
The 24-year-old styled the Leopard Jeans Unisex Casual Pants from the online giant with a cream Couture Club sweatshirt, a pair of Nike trainers and a black Chanel handbag. And naturally, she sent fashion fans wild after captioning the post "psa- my jeans were £15 on Amazon."
While Molly-Mae likely snapped them up while on offer, the jeans are currently £16.99, and feature a high-waisted design made from a ‘comfortable and breathable denim fabric’. Designed in a straight-leg fit, they come in four different colours, but we believe the influencer’s pair are in ‘01-leopard Print’.
One left a five-star review on the listing, commenting: “These jeans are a perfect loose fit and look really good. They are very comfortable and a good length. These are the same as Molly Maes, I’m obsessed.” However, some have found them to be on the shorter side, adding: “The jeans themselves are nice enough for the price, not the thickest denim. However they are far too short for me, if you’re over 5ft5 I wouldn’t bother ordering.”
Rattan bags are the undisputed must-have summer accessory, but there’s one particular style that’s set to dominate social media this year, and that’s the ‘picnic bag’. We’ve just found one on Amazon that rivals the Miu Miu Wander Woven Raffia-Effect Yarn Hobo Bag with Leather Details, which is £1,840.
The JOLLQUE Straw Bag for Women features a moon-shaped design that’s been handwoven from durable rattan. Costing £33.99, the purse is perfect for pairing with all your summer dresses during the warmer months.
Said to be ‘durable’ and designed to ‘last’, with lining to protect your belongings, each of the bags takes two days to make, and is complete with leather-look detailing on the handle. They come in two different neutral colours, with shoppers saying they’re ‘obsessed’ with the accessory.
One said: “While another added: “I’m so excited to wear this bag. It’s really sturdy and well-made. The only downside is that there’s no way to close the bag so your items could fall out of the bag and tilts upside down. But other than that, it’s way better than I expected!” Elsewhere, Mango also has a could-be-designer accessory in a similar style.
The Mickey Loose-Fit One-Shoulder Cutout Rib Knit Maxi Dress from Amazon’s ‘The Drop’, which is essentially Amazon’s own label, has been a real hit with shoppers and is strikingly similar to the shopper-loved Pure Cotton One Shoulder Midi Relaxed Dress from M&S. Priced at £34.90, it’s £7.40 more expensive than the M&S dress, but you do get the added bonus of free delivery with Prime.
While M&S’s take on the one-shoulder dress comes in black, poppy red and winter lime, the Amazon version is available in black, ultramarine green and hot pink. Both feature a similar twist cutout which Amazon says ‘adds a touch of romance’ to the minimalist wardrobe staple, though Amazon’s features a slit detail at the hem and is cut from ribbed rather than smooth fabric.
Cut from a lightweight Tencel blend, the relaxed dress is ideal for wearing with chunky platform sandals and trainers, but equally could be glammed up for an evening event, too. Available in sizes XXS to 5XL, it’s received hundreds of five-star reviews from shoppers who say it always gets them compliments.
One said: “What a lovely dress, received many compliments - very versatile and can be worn with pumps, sandals or your favourite high heels. Simply love this dress!!” However, some say it comes up slightly large, suggesting to size down, adding: “If you’re looking for a comfortable, but cute dress you can wear out on vacation or on the town for date night this is a great option! The dress is a little big so I’d recommend sizing down. The material is nice quality and relatively thick (but still breathable) and washes well.”
Waistcoats remain a major trend this season and linen is the perfect fabric for the warmer weather. This particular one comes in ivory, black and olive, costing £39.90. Said to be ‘neither loose nor clingy’, the vest is perfect for elevating your vacation wardrobe and is so easy to dress up or down.
The vest has earned a 4.1-star rating from shoppers who say it goes well with denim, skirts, shorts and more. One wrote: “I would’ve gotten this top in ivory if it was available in my size, but it wasn’t so I went with olive oil (green). I’m actually happy with the colour! It pairs easily with denim and complements my skin tone well. This linen top is comfortable, cute and boxy. I will probably be wearing it all summer long.”
Another added: “Slightly loose fit and very comfortable. Can be worn alone or over a shirt. Vest is slightly cropped, but not super short- I love the length. True to size, I’m 5’5” and 130 and ordered medium. Will look great with jeans or shorts.”
But others found the sizing ‘way off’, commenting: “The materials and construction of this vest are great! It's a well-made garment. The buttons are functional so you can wear it open or closed. The linen blend material is light and great for warmer weather. However, the fit was way off for me which was a massive disappointment.”
A good pair of sunglasses are a necessity for the summer months, and our fashion experts have found a pair on Amazon that looks similar to a sold-out designer pair as seen on Molly-Mae Hauge. The Love Island star wore the tortoiseshell aviator sunglasses from Gucci, which almost immediately sold out shortly after.
But we managed to find a much more affordable alternative thanks to Amazon. The Retro Double Bridge Rectangle Sunglasses, £9.99 here, have a very similar shape and style to Molly-Mae’s luxury pair, making them a great option if you want to get her retro 70s-inspired glasses on a tight budget.
Just like Molly-Mae’s Gucci glasses, the Amazon version has a tortoiseshell frame which is made from a lightweight plastic, although the bargain ones have a slightly darker brown hue compared to the designer pair. They also have a deeper brown lens, as opposed to the light green colour of the Gucci ones, however, you can pick them up in several other colour combinations, including black, brown, grey and clear, with each pair costing between £7.99 and £9.99.
The Drop is Amazon’s inside source for style inspiration and trending fashion and it’s jam-packed with chic wardrobe essentials that look as though they’re straight from the high street, like this Dia Mixed Fabric Midi Tank Dress.
This style of dress is completely timeless, ageless and seasonless, meaning it can be worn year-round for a whole host of occasions. What’s more, it comes in sizes XXS to 5XL, meaning it will fit a range of sizes and flatter most figures. Coming in at £54.90, it’s cheaper than this similar-looking dress at Sweaty Betty, which is £100.
Designed with a fitted bodice and relaxed silhouette, the dress has a boat neckline and everyone’s favourite functional feature - pockets. Available in black, navy and khaki, it’s made of 79 per cent cotton and has been praised for its ‘quality material’ and the fact ‘it has pockets’. But some have said the maxi length was ‘too long’, leaving a three-star review which read: “The dress is of good quality and well made, unfortunately, it was too long for me, it is probably only suitable as models for women over 1.75.”
Beloved in the 50s by Marilyn Monroe, in the 90s by Sex and the City character Carrie Bradshaw (played by Sarah Jessica Parker), and the noughties by pop singers Christina Aguilera and Rihanna, pedal pushers are back at the forefront of fashion lovers' minds as they make a renaissance for 2024. The likes of Frankie Bridge, Gigi Hadid and Kendall Jenner have all been spotted sporting them- and we've found a pair on Amazon that come in a whole host of colours.
Roman Originals' Capri Leggings are available in sizes eight to 32 Plus and, at £21.60 (from £24) on Amazon - they're £24 on Roman's website here - have a whopping star rating of 4.4 - from over 7,000 glistening reviews.
The Roman Originals trousers are gorgeously tailored for a flattering fit with narrow tapered cuffs that end just below the knee. Made from a combination of viscose, polyamide and elastane, these Capri pants are super breathable and comfortable and feature a contoured fitted waistband that is elasticated for ease of pulling on.
Amazon states these slacks are 'butt lifting' and 'ab shaping' and give you a lovely 'sculpted' silhouette - cemented by some shoppers who have exclaimed that the pants ' make me look 2 sizes smaller'.
Last but not least, there’s this Women's Long Sleeve Striped Sweater Trendy Long Sleeve Button Down Crewneck Knit Cardigans. This looks similar to a more expensive Boden cardigan as seen on This Morning’s Cat Deeley, which in turn had a rather ‘Chanel’ vibe about it, according to shoppers.
The knitted cardigan from Amazon comes in a black and white design with gold buttons, leaning into the ‘old money’ trend popularised by the likes of Sofia Richie. It costs £37.25, with shoppers saying it’s ‘comfy and classy’.
This style of knit has been incredibly popular in recent months, and as such, the high street has been flooded with similar styles. Uniqlo’s Knitted Short Jacket comes in sizes XXS to XXL, and is under £35, while Marks and Spencer’s take on the knit has completely sold out. That said, the high street chain is stocking this Pure Cotton Contrast Trim Cardigan from White Stuff for £49.