From pink and brown to green and purple, these unexpected colour combos will freshen up any look…

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Want to give your outfit a splash of individuality in seconds? Unexpected colour combos can be used to turn heads with even the most understated of ensembles - as some of the best-dressed celebrities have proven time and again.
Whether that’s pink and brown or green and purple, every shade under the sun really does go - if you have the confidence to pull it off that is. Stars ranging from J-Lo and Emma Roberts to Dua Lipa and Naomi Campbell have all turned to pairings of unusual hues that ultimately look great.
If you’re hesitant about getting stuck into the world of colour-clashing, then we’ve pulled together all the best accessible ways to approach the savvy style trick. Because, as you'll see, accessories and make-up can be a great way to get started…
J-Lo looked a vision at the Elie Saab Haute Couture at Paris Fashion Week in 2024. The star stunned in a sage green gown, which she made more interesting using a floral cape featuring lavender hues.
Using colour to elevate your look is an ageless style trick - as Helen Mirren proved when she attended an event in New York in 2022. The actress wore a canary yellow shirt-dress, layered with a bubblegum pink sleeveless jacket.
While they may often be found on a flag, red, white and blue can look rather striking on an outfit. Kim Kardashian stepped out in Los Angeles in 2023 in a white vest top and a pair of silky red, white and blue tracksuit bottoms.
For a subtle way to play around with colours, make like Lila Moss and use your footwear for a fashion statement. The model daughter of Kate Moss looked effortlessly stylish at a Gucci show in London in 2024, in mustard yellow shorts and jacket co-ord - which she accessorised with a pair of chunky burgundy red shoes.
Sign up to our free daily email for the latest royal and entertainment news, interesting opinion, expert advice on styling and beauty trends, and no-nonsense guides to the health and wellness questions you want answered.
You might not think that red and pink would go well together at all, but Naomi demonstrated that they can be a head-turning pair of clothing. The model wore a sweeping gown in the rich shades at the Cannes Film Festival in France in 2023.
Few stars do stylish off-duty dressing quite like Hailey Bieber - who certainly isn’t afraid to mix up her wardrobe. The model stepped out in Los Angeles in 2023 in a postbox red sweatshirt and matching shorts, with a brown tailored coat layered over the top.
They’re not a traditional colour duo, but Kendall Jenner showed how bright green and black could be used for a fashion-forward look. The model was stylish at an event in Dubai in 2023 in a midi-dress with PVC gloves and matching heeled boots.
A small tweak can go a long way when it comes to using colour to make your outfit more interesting. Dakota Johnson looked elegant while out in New York in 2024 in a mustard yellow midi-skirt, unusually complemented with a pair of burgundy red sling-back kitten heels.
Beyoncé never shies away from a bold look, and her outfit for an event in New York in 2017 was no exception. The singer wowed in an emerald green cut-out gown, which she elevated with a fluffy burgundy red shrug.
Unexpected colour combos needn’t just include rainbow hues - with Emily Ratajkowski showing how neutrals can also be used to mix things up. The model was spotted in New York in 2024 in a taupe strappy top with a cream silky midi-skirt, a brown handbag and black boots.
Bored of your black accessories for a night out? Swap in burgundy red instead. Dua Lipa opted for a handbag and heels in the chic shade to complement her turquoise midi-dress while attending a Jacquemus fashion show in 2024.
Always one to be daring when it comes to fashion, Emma Roberts turned to an unusual colour combo at the Chloé show during Paris Fashion Week in 2023. The actress paired her bright yellow dress with a beige handbag.
Pink or black alone may be a popular eveningwear choice, however, Margot Robbie paired them together for an eye-catching result. The actress stepped out in a mini-dress with a sweeping train at the Screen Actors Guild Awards in Los Angeles in 2024.
Cardi B has never been afraid to be daring with colour. At a Marc Jacobs fashion show in New York in 2024, the star wore a coat in a voluminous floral design in lavender and sage green hues - and she boldly finished off the look with sunglasses and tights also in the latter shade.
A hint of colour always works wonders when it comes to elevating a look. Blake Lively opted for an oversized white trouser suit to attend a photocall for her film It Ends With Us in London in 2024. Look closer, and the actress’ tailoring featured bright green floral embroidery.
Unexpected colour combos needn’t come entirely from clothes and accessories - with make-up also a great opportunity for experimentation. Sienna Miller brought a little edge to her pale blue gown, for the Cannes Film Festival in France in 2024, with a slick of dark red lipstick.
For a way to wrap up warm while incorporating summery hues in between seasons, make like Gigi Hadid. The model was spotted out and about in New York in 2023 in a striped pink shirt, which she ‘clashed’ with a green and pink striped sweater.
While it might feel like denim goes with everything, it’s less common to see it paired with beige. Kaia Gerber showed this combination is anything but boring when she wore a blazer jacket in a neutral shade with blue jeans at an event in Malibu in 2019.
Bored of all-black for the evening? You’d do well to add a splash of cornflower blue, as Heidi Klum opted to do with her striking cut-out gown at a Jean Paul Gaultier show at Paris Fashion Week in 2023.
Victoria Beckham famously stuck to a little black dress early on in her career, but the star is no stranger to a bold colour palette nowadays. She looked chic in a purple blouse and olive green trousers while out in Paris in 2022.
Brown can seem like a rather dull shade, but add a touch of dusky pink and the result is an understated but fashion-forward look. Bella Hadid opted for the combination with a strappy mini-dress and kitten heels at the Cannes Film Festival in France in 2024.
A colourful accessory can really pack a style punch. In London, in 2019, Katy Perry stepped out in a floral jumpsuit covered in citrus hues. However, the singer really pulled her look together with a coral tote bag.
All eyes were on Lady Gaga at the Joker premiere in London in 2024. While the star may have appeared to be in a full postbox red ensemble - featuring a gown and bolero jacket - she showed off her creative side with a striking turquoise blue eye shadow.
Nicola Coughlan kept things fresh for an appearance at the Emilia Wickstead show in London in 2023. The actress stepped out in a lime green coat, skirt and handbag, which was elevated with an unexpected dash of baby pink when it came to her top.
Colour ‘clashing’ can also incorporate print, as Kate Bosworth demonstrated at Berlin Fashion Week in Germany in 2021. The actress wore a chequered brown trouser suit, featuring hints of black and white, which she elevated with a bright coral handbag.
At the Met Gala in New York in 2024, Sabrina Carpenter turned heads in a strapless black gown featuring a stunning baby blue voluminous train. The singer let her striking frock do the talking by keeping the rest of her look simple with minimal jewellery and glowy make-up.
Mandy Moore exuded elegance in a postbox red and baby pink cut-out dress at an event in Los Angeles in 2019. They are two colours that aren’t traditionally thought of as going well together, however the duo can deliver a fresh, modern element to any outfit.
Pastels are a great way to dip your toe in the pool of unexpected colour combos. Gwyneth Paltrow looked pretty at a Goop event in New York in 2019 in a slouchy black top and baby pink A-line midi-skirt.
Nina Sandbech famously has a way with accessories. The fashion influencer was spotted out during Paris Fashion Week in 2024 wearing a baby pink top with a deep pink midi-skirt, which she ‘clashed’ with a lime green handbag and strappy heels.
Make-up is a smart way to experiment with colour. Saoirse Ronan wowed in a lacy mustard yellow dress at the British Academy Scotland Awards in Glasgow in 2022. However, the actress gave an edge to her otherwise feminine look with a slick of burgundy red lipstick.
Kourtney Kardashian is often poised to make a style statement even when off-duty. The star wowed in a pair of bright orange silky tracksuit bottoms, which she cleverly toned down with a black hoodie, while out in Los Angeles in 2017.
The celebrity with one of the most colourful wardrobes around has to be Rihanna. The singer wowed in a shimmery jumpsuit, while pregnant at a Fenty event in Los Angeles in 2022, which slowly morphed from emerald green to deep pink.
Lauren is a freelance writer and editor with a decade of print and digital journalism experience. While she specialises in covering health and wellness topics - ranging from nutrition and fitness, to women’s health conditions and mental wellbeing - she has written across a diverse range of lifestyle topics, including fashion, beauty, homes, royals and travel.
In addition to writing for Woman & Home and sister title Homes & Gardens, Lauren's work has also been published by Women’s Health, The Times, Daily Telegraph, Elle, Cosmopolitan, The Guardian, Marie Claire, Body + Soul, Stylist, Glamour, Grazia, Red, Dazed Digital, Yahoo Life, The Sun’s Fabulous, Get The Gloss and Hello! among others. 

The Samsung Bespoke AI Jet Ultra Vacuum claims to be the most powerful vacuum, so I put it to the test on cleaning my whole home, dog hair and all


Get more out of your garden with this guide on storing spring bulbs ahead of next season


Woman & Home is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury,
Bath
BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.