The rapper opened up about balancing their careers with parenting in a new interview. 

							By 

	DeMicia Inman

Staff Writer, News

A$AP Rocky and Rihanna never shy away from gushing over one another, and a new interview from the Harlem rapper is no different. Covering Bllboard‘s August issue, the 35-year-old explained how he and the FENTY brand mogul maintain parenting with two busy lives, buzzing careers, and bouncing boys.

	The couple currently share two sons, 2-year-old RZA Athelston Mayers, and 1-year-old Riot Rose Mayers. The “Work” singer has adamantly shared she hopes to one day also have a daughter. 

	“It’s crazy how we find balance with our chaotic schedules,” explained the “L$D” performer.

	










	“[The relationship] is going great. I don’t think there’s a more perfect person because when the schedules are hectic, she’s very understanding of that. And when the schedule’s freed up, that’s when you get to spend [the] most time together. It’s all understanding and compatibility.”
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Bow Wow Talks Relationship With Jade Pinkett And Possibility Of Marriage		
			







	The bond between the family was recently on full display, with RZA starring alongside his father in an advertisement for Savage X Fenty last month.

	In the full story, A$AP Rocky also dishes on beef with Drake, his creative inspiration, and his upcoming Don’t Be Dumb album.

	“You got to know yourself,” he explained. “You got to know, ‘OK, this is too much. This is too far. This is overkill. This is not enough.’ That’s what I think makes you a unique artist: when you could determine what’s needed. And what’s unnecessary.”

	Read the Billboard cover story here. 
A post shared by billboard (@billboard)
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.