Plans are being confirmed for Super Bowl LIX as the 2024 NFL season is kicking off. The NFL, Apple Music, and Roc Nation announced today that Kendrick Lamar will headline the 2025 Super Bowl to be held at The Caesars Superdome in New Orleans, LA.
Super Bowl LIX will take place on Sunday, February 9, 2025.
Responding to the announcement, Lamar said, “Rap music is still the most impactful genre to date. And I’ll be there to remind the world why. They got the right one.”
The Grammy and Emmy winner is the co-founder of creative imprint pgLang. Lamar’s won 17 Grammys and is in the record books as the first non-classical, non-jazz musician to win a Pulitzer Prize for his 2017 album DAMN.
“Kendrick Lamar is truly a once-in-a-generation artist and performer. His deep love for hip-hop and culture informs his artistic vision,” stated Shawn Jay-Z Carter. “He has an unparalleled ability to define and influence culture globally. Kendrick’s work transcends music, and his impact will be felt for years to come.”
The 2025 Apple Music Super Bowl LIX Halftime Show will be directed by Hamish Hamilton and produced by DPS. Roc Nation and Jesse Collins are the executive producers. 
“The Apple Music Super Bowl Halftime Show is a celebration of the music we love and the incredible artists who make it, all on the world’s biggest stage. Apple is thrilled to bring this show, starring the absolutely incomparable Kendrick Lamar, to fans worldwide with Apple Music’s industry-leading Spatial Audio quality along with tons of exclusive videos, interviews, playlists, and so much more across Apple Music,” said Oliver Schusser, Apple’s Vice President of Apple Music, Apple TV+, Sports, and Beats.
“Few artists have impacted music and culture as profoundly as Kendrick Lamar. Time and time again, Kendrick has proven his unique ability to craft moments that resonate, redefine, and ultimately shake the very foundation of hip-hop,” commented Seth Dudowsky, Head of Music at the NFL. “We’re excited to collaborate with Kendrick, Roc Nation, and Apple Music to deliver another unforgettable Halftime Show.”
Usher headlined the Apple Music Super Bowl LVIII Halftime Show, setting a record as the most-watched halftime performance of all time. The show earned three 2024 Emmy nominations, including Outstanding Variety Special (LIVE). Rihanna’s Apple Music Super Bowl LVII Halftime Show in 2023 picked up five Emmy nominations, winning two. 2022’s halftime performance with Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg, Eminem, Mary J. Blige, and Kendrick Lamar received five Creative Arts Emmy nominations and won three.
Advertisement




Advertisement




Advertisement




Write for Showbiz Junkies!
Contact Us
Follow Showbiz Junkies on Social Media
About the Showbiz Junkies Team
Terms and Conditions