Shaboozey scores just the third shared Pop & Country Airplay No. 1, dethroning the second.

													By
												

	Gary Trust


Shaboozey’s “A Bar Song (Tipsy)” dances to No. 1 on Billboard’s Pop Airplay chart (dated Aug. 17). As it crowns Country Airplay for a third week, it becomes only the third song ever to have topped both tallies – supplanting the second to achieve the feat, Post Malone’s “I Had Some Help” featuring Morgan Wallen; the latter led Pop Airplay the previous two weeks following a four-week reign on Country Airplay beginning in June.

	Since Country Airplay and Pop Airplay launched in 1990 and 1992, respectively, the only other song to hit No. 1 on both charts is Taylor Swift’s “Love Story,” which commanded Country Airplay for two weeks in November 2008 and Pop Airplay for a week in February 2009.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	Notably, “A Bar Song” is the first song to lead Pop Airplay and Country Airplay simultaneously.

	“A Bar Song,” on American Dogwood/EMPIRE (with country radio promotion by Magnolia Music), became the first song to go top five (or even top 10) on all four of the following Billboard radio charts: Country Airplay, Pop Airplay, Rhythmic Airplay (where it reached No. 3) and Adult Pop Airplay (where it holds at its No. 5 high).

	“It’s important that Shaboozey has been able to show that you can do that as an independent artist,” Heather Vassar, senior vp of operations for EMPIRE in Nashville, recently told Billboard. “We had several offers from majors who wanted to work the record and it was really important that we were able to stay true to how we operate.”

	“A Bar Song” has led the all-genre, multimetric Billboard Hot 100 for four weeks running and Hot Country Songs, which uses the same methodology, for eight weeks.

	Bookending the Pop Airplay top 10, Eminem’s “Houdini” bounds 14-10. The rapper notches his 11th top 10 and first since “The Monster,” featuring Rihanna, ruled for five weeks in December 2013-January 2014.

Eminem’s Pop Airplay Chart Top 10s:

	“Houdini” is from Eminem’s Shady/Aftermath/Interscope/ICLG album The Death of Slim Shady (Coup de Grâce), which in July soared in at No. 1, marking his 11th leader, on the Billboard 200. The song became his 23rd Hot 100 top 10, reaching No. 2.

	All Billboard charts dated Aug. 17 will update Tuesday, Aug. 13, on Billboard.com.

	









Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.