By ALESIA STANFORD FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  19:18, 21 April 2024   |  Updated:  20:02, 21 April 2024   
 49
View  comments
Rihanna showcased her lithe legs as she stepped out to celebrate one of her favorite holidays on Saturday in Los Angeles.
The Grammy winner was at a party marking what has become known as 420 Day, in celebration of her favorite herb, marijuana. 
The singer, 36, who demonstrated her take on a British accent during a Fenty x Puma event in London, wore a black leather micro mini with a loose T-shirt featuring a graphic of cannabis and the date 4/20 written in large red numbers.
The Diamonds artist jazzed up her simple ensemble with a pair high heel black sandals with a rhinestone ankle strap.
She accessorized with a diamond necklace, large diamond encrusted hoop earrings and dark sunglasses decorated with clear crystals.
Rihanna, 36, showcased her lithe legs as she stepped out to celebrate 420 Day in Los Angeles Saturday
The Grammy winner wore a black leather micro mini with a loose T-shirt featuring a graphic of cannabis and the date 4/20 written in large red numbers to a party marking what has become known as 420 Day, in celebration of her favorite herb, marijuana
Rihanna was accompanied by members of her entourage and her partner, A$AP Rocky, 35. The rapper looked relaxed in multi-textured hoodie featuring red and black flannel plaid, denim sleeves and a green hood over a graphic T-shirt with dark pants and sneakers 
Her long, blonde hair was styled straight under a billed hat reading 'Fulljoy.'
She topped off the look with a calf-length fur coat with an animal print pattern.
Rihanna was accompanied by members of her entourage and her partner, A$AP Rocky, 35.
The I Smoked Away My Brain artist looked relaxed in multi-textured hoodie featuring red and black flannel plaid, denim sleeves and a green hood over a graphic T-shirt.
The Fashion Killa rapper wore dark pants and neutral toned sneakers. 
Rocky, who shares RZA, 23 months, and Riot, eight months, with Rihanna, was spotted leaving the party earlier than his lady love, who celebrated late into the night. 
In chat with Interview magazine, Rihanna opened up about the contents of her duffle bag and revealed one item was part of her 'rolling apparatus.' 
She also spoke a little about her home life and revealed longtime boyfriend Rocky is a hands on dad, including taking his turn changing diapers.
'Rocky has never shied away from it. He does the shirt up over the nose with a stinky diaper. He gets through it. It’s kind of funny,' she said.
The Love on the Brain singer revealed that even though she and Rocky had been friends for years, they were hesitant to begin a romantic relationship.
'We knew what we’re capable of, and the trouble that we could bring to each other’s lives. We can make or break each other’s hearts. And so, we started dating with a lot of caution.' she explained.
'I just let whatever was supposed to happen, happen. It was just, "This is a flower. It’s either going to die or blossom. But I’m going to let it decide itself."'
They grew closer during the Covid pandemic.
'COVID sped up our relationship, which I felt like God knew we needed because we were going to start a family. And had it not been for COVID, we would’ve taken a lot more time to get comfortable with each other, to even know that we were ready,' she contended.
The Diamonds artist jazzed up her simple ensemble with a pair high heel black sandals with a rhinestone ankle strap
She accessorized with a diamond necklace, large diamond encrusted hoop earrings and dark sunglasses decorated with clear crystals
Her long, blonde hair was styled straight under a billed hat reading 'Fulljoy.' She topped off the look with a calf-length fur coat with an animal print pattern
'I let God lead and just let go. Because in previous relationships, I tried and tried and tried my best, and you still feel like it’s not enough. So when someone sees you completely, and believes in you, and thinks you’re worthy of being the mother of their kids, it’s a great feeling. I felt the same about him. I knew he would be a great dad.'
When it comes to making new music, the singer and songwriter spoke about her current creative process.
'I have a lot of visual ideas. It’s weird. My brain is working backward right now,' she said. 
'I usually have the music first, and the music leads me into all of these visual opportunities, and now I’m having all of these visuals, and I don’t have the songs for them yet, but maybe that’s the key, this time. Maybe the visual ideas are leading me to the songs that I need to make.' 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group