All products featured on Glamour are independently selected by our editors. However, we may receive compensation from retailers and/or from purchases of products through these links.
Blake Lively just confirmed it: We will all be wearing denim trench coats in fall 2024.
From Rosalía showing us which boots will dominate the next few months (Spoiler: They will be tall and covered in animal prints) to Rihanna modeling the between-season jackets we will be obsessed with in autumn, it’s clear celebrities are already warming up when it comes to fall 2024 trends.
The latest celeb to clue us in to next season’s fashion landscape is Blake Lively. On June 28 the iconic Gossip Girl actor was spotted on a night out with friends in New York’s Greenwich Village wearing the trench coat we’ll be craving when the temperatures drop again. It’s neither the Matrix-style leather jacket that Hailey Bieber wore nonstop two years ago nor the classic beige one we all have in our closet: It’s the denim trench coat.
The actor combined it with a short denim dress in a lighter shade dotted with small jewel appliqués. She added some low-heeled silver sandals to the equation, topping everything off with an oval denim Chanel bag and a lot of gold jewelry that finished elevating the look.
Blake Lively in NYC.
Blake Lively was not the only one who opted for this garment this year. Back in March, Katie Holmes wore a design from Chloé, which she paired with a crewneck sweater and suit pants, both in black. In addition to her sunglasses, she dressed it up with a spacious tote by Mansur Gavriel, and a pair of ballerinas with studded straps and coquette bows on the toe.
Katie Holmes in NYC on March 25, 2024.
As fashion editor Nuria Luis told Vogue España, runway designers had predicted the rise of the denim trench last spring. During Chloé’s spring-summer 2023 parade, we saw model Quannah Chasinghorse in a total denim look, composed of a crop top and wide jeans with eyelets and laces, which was combined with a studded denim trench coat featuring wide lapels. Meanwhile, Y/Project and Diesel have made denim the backbone of their outfits, so this garment could not be missing in their proposals.
Thanks to Blake Lively, you no longer have excuses for not being ahead of the trend.
Old Navy
Amazon
This article was originally published by Vogue España.
More from Glamour
See More Stories & Guides
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Glamour may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices