Hint: She partnered with actress Jessica Chastain for the big reveal.
Every item on this page was chosen by an ELLE editor. We may earn commission on some of the items you choose to buy.
Actress Jessica Chastain arrived on the red carpet at the 2023 Emmys in a neon green Gucci gown. However, throughout her attention-grabbing look, she hid a really big (and exciting) beauty easter egg, creating one of the night’s best Emmy Awards beauty looks . Celebrity makeup artist Kristofer Buckle utilized unreleased (and yet to be announced) Charlotte Tilbury lipstick. Yes, you heard that right—Charlotte Tilbury is giving us new lipsticks! “Jessica wore a gorgeous chartreuse Gucci gown, so we knew we wanted to play with neutral and pink tones to keep the makeup glowing and fresh. We went for taupe on the eyes paired with a structured, strong brow. We finished the look with a wash of pink blush and an enhanced, natural lip for a timeless finish,” Buckle shares exclusively with ELLE.com.
Charlotte Tilbury is the godmother of Glow, with radiant products that leave your skin luminous. Buckle used Charlotte Tilbury’s Beautiful Skin foundation on her skin—“It’s medium coverage and rich in hyaluronic acid, so it instantly plumps up the skin and maintains a radiant finish all night long.” He perfected her base face with the Airbrush Finish Powder and Airbrush Brightening Duo, “I can never keep these in my kit—my clients adore these and always steal them for quick touch-ups on the go!” Buckle used Charlotte’s Hollywood Flawless Filter in shade 2 to give Chastain that signature Charlotte Tilbury glow. “Jessica doesn’t love a ton of shine, so we kept the application light—applying a few dots to the top of the nose, brow bone, and cheeks,” he shares. 
However, the true highlight of her look was actually on her lips, with new lipsticks that aren’t set to launch for another week. Charlotte revealed to ELLE.com that she’s expanding her Hollywood Beauty Icon franchise to include two lipstick collections—a first for the franchise. The collection consists of Matte Revolution, featuring several red shades, while K.I.S.S.I.N.G. will be a collection of pink shades, which Tilbury has become known so well for. The latter is what Buckle used on Chastain for her big night. He played with a few of the pink lipsticks to create a signature look. “I love this formula because it adds a subtle shine to the lips without having to use a gloss. So you can get that on-trend lip gloss effect without any of the stickiness or risk of transferability,” he says. The lipsticks also give a contouring effect, which Buckle shares is excellent for red carpets. “They’re like your lips, but better—more defined, symmetrical, and full,” states Buckle. 
According to Buckle, pink lips are having a moment. “From the Golden Globes and Critics’ Choice to the Emmys, pink lips have been dominating red carpets!” Now, just like Chastain, you can have the perfect pink pout (or red, if that’s your shade). Each collection will feature five lipsticks within the shade range, costing $35—the new products launch on Tuesday, January 23rd, exclusively on CharlotteTilbury.com. 
Courteney Cox Has Big Plans for Your Home
Game-Changing Makeup That Doubles as Skin Care
Mother’s Day Gifts for Beauty-Obsessed Moms 
The 10 Best Tinted Eye Creams for Tired Under Eyes
Why Microdosing Is the Future of Skin Care
The Best Texturizing Sprays to Buy Right Now
The Best Face Primers for Long-Lasting Makeup 
Top Barrier Creams to Heal and Protect Your Skin
Salmon Sperm Products Are Like Botox in a Bottle
The Baby Fat Boom
The Best Water Creams to Hydrate Your Skin 
The $20 Brown Mascara That Saved My Wedding Day
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.