Everything you need to know about the 2024 Super Bowl halftime show performers

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

The Super Bowl 2024 halftime show is almost here, featuring eight-time Grammy winner Usher as the headliner in what's sure to be a stellar performance. And it looks like there could be lots of other performers coming along for the ride, including possibly Lil' John, Justin Bieber, Ludacris and more. 
The Super Bowl stands as the pinnacle of sporting events, drawing millions of viewers and a lot of money from Super Bowl commercials. This year's 2024 Super Bowl LVIII offers a thrilling rematch between the San Francisco 49ers and the Kansas City Chiefs. It's the first time the big game is kicking off in Las Vegas, and you can bet it'll be an epic showdown. And with the possibility of Taylor Swift at the Super Bowl, even more eyes will be tuned into the broadcast on CBS.
Here's a guide for everything you need to know about this year's Apple Music Super Bowl LVIII Halftime Show, including the performers, approximate time, set list and more.
The headliner for the 2024 Super Bowl halftime show is Usher, the Grammy-winning R&B artist best known for hits such as "Yeah!," "Burn," "U Got It Bad," "My Boo" and "Confessions Part II." 
Usher Raymond IV first broke into the music biz at the age of 16 in 1994 with his self-titled debut album. Since then, he's released nine Billboard Hot 100 No. 1 singles and is counted among the bestselling musical artists of the 2000s. Usher has been dubbed "the King of R&B" by many fans, media outlets and industry pundits. 
The singer recently wrapped up a two-year residency in Las Vegas.
Many Super Bowl halftime show performers invite guest artists to join them. In fact, Usher himself was a guest for the Black Eyed Peas in the 2011 Super Bowl halftime show. However, two of the last three headliners have not, including Rihanna last year (unless you count her unborn baby). 
Get instant access to breaking news, the hottest reviews, great deals and helpful tips.
Usher has not revealed whether he'll bring on any special guests, but fans have been speculating about potential cameos. "Yeah!" is arguably Usher's biggest hit and it features Lil Jon and Ludacris, both of whom could appear on stage. The trio also teamed up for the song "Lovers and Friends." Another possible guest is Alicia Keys, who duetted with Usher on "My Boo."
A recent teaser trailer hints that Lil Jon and Ludacris, and possibly Taraji P. Henson, could make appearances. All three star in the video, along with Apple CEO Tim Cook. 
We could also see John Bieber join Usher on stage, as the two performed "First Dance" together in 2009. 
Halftime headliners have around 12 to 14 minutes to perform their biggest songs. And considering Usher's long and successful career, determining a set list won't be easy. As he said, "The hardest part is figuring out how to squeeze it all in."
The set list is almost certain to include hits like "Yeah!," "Burn" and "My Boo," "Love in this Club" and "Caught Up," as well as "Confessions Part II," which was part of the Super Bowl halftime show announcement.
And though "OMG" was already performed at the 2011 show, we can see Usher trotting it out again. 
Usher recently all but admitted "Yeah!" would be part of the Super Bowl halftime show setlist. "I would be a fool to not play ‘Yeah!' let's just start there," the singer told Entertainment Tonight. "It would be foolish to make it all the way to Las Vegas, Jon is here, Luda's here and not play 'Yeah!' "
Usher also has a new album, "Coming Home," out on Feb. 9, just a few days before the Super Bowl. Likely, he will perform one or two songs off it. The debut single is "Good Good" with Summer Walker and 21 Savage.
Musical performances are not confined to the halftime show. Country Music Hall of Fame singer Reba McEntire has been tapped to sing the national anthem. 
She'll be joined by Post Malone singing "America the Beautiful" and Andra Day singing "Lift Every Voice and Sing."
Kaskade will be the Super Bowl‘s first in-game DJ (after stepping in to replace DJ Tiësto, who had a family emergency) and will spin tunes during breaks.
While we think Taylor Swift will almost certainly be at the Super Bowl, it's also almost certain that she will not perform. 
Fresh off her album of the year win at the 2024 Grammy's, Swift will likely attend Super Bowl 2024 to support her boyfriend, Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce. This would come after wrapping up a three-day stint for her Eras tour in Japan. Thanks to the international date line, she should be able to fly back in time to catch the big game. This will be her (lucky) 13th game in attendance. 
As with other games, the broadcast will likely put her on screen reacting to Kelce's plays (especially if he scores a touchdown). If the Chiefs win the game, viewers may also see a repeat of Swift going on the field to celebrate with her significant other. 
But we'd also say with near certainty that Swift will not be performing in any capacity during the Super Bowl. For one, the halftime show is headlined by Usher. While it's not impossible he might bring her out as a special guest, it's extremely improbable. They have not collaborated previously and Swift's presence would detract from Usher's triumph. 
Additionally, Swift will have just restarted her Eras tour. She has three shows in Melbourne, Australia starting Feb. 16. Considering her professionalism, Swift probably won't want to tire out her vocal cords by performing at the Super Bowl.
Kelly is the managing editor of streaming for Tom’s Guide, so basically, she watches TV for a living. Previously, she was a freelance entertainment writer for Yahoo, Vulture, TV Guide and other outlets. When she’s not watching TV and movies for work, she’s watching them for fun, seeing live music, writing songs, knitting and gardening.

Tom's Guide is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury,
Bath
BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.