"Doesn't feel like my people."
Getty
 Good news: You don't have to be famous to be Miley Cyrus's friend.

 In a new interview with David Letterman on his "My Next Guest Needs No Introduction" series on Netflix, the singer revealed that, surprisingly, she doesn't run in celebrity circles, and instead, looks for quality-over-quantity when it comes to forging new friendships. 

 "I am not very active or a very active part of my community of other artists and entertainers and celebrities. It just doesn’t feel like my people when I’m in that room," she said while recalling her 2024 Grammy performance. However, the singer has made a few exceptions over the years. "But there are certain artists," Cyrus continued. "Like Beyoncé—who, like us, we’ve known each other for a long time."

Getty
 Cyrus remembers meeting Beyoncé "when I was probably 15" at the 2008 Stand Up to Cancer telethon, where they performed the charity single "Just Stand Up!" Along with Mary J. Blige, Carrie Underwood, Fergie, Rihanna, Ashanti, and more superstars. 

 "I was, like, sandwiched between Rihanna and the Queen Bey, and they’re fully grown up, gorgeous, probably similar to my age now. Towering over me, completely stunning," said Cyrus. "I’m like, super small, have acne, have braces on the back of my teeth, and I’m standing next to Mariah Carey, who is dripping in diamonds. And Beyoncé was so kind to me."

Getty
 "Now, just from seeing her, I’ve created, like, a relationship, maybe, a bit more in-depth," the "Flowers" singer, who recently collaborated with Beyoncé on the song "II Most Wanted" for her new country album Cowboy Carter, explained, before telling Letterman: "We haven’t ever had this conversation, so now maybe you and I may be more friends than I’m friends with Beyoncé, but Beyoncé and I have just the kindness and the consistency of everything."

 She added, "I’m part of my community in that way, but it’s all quantity—not quality. I'm not very active in that."

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)