It's no secret that celebrities often borrow some of their flashier jewellery – the slew of Tiffany diamonds at the Oscars proved that. But when it comes to their everyday pieces, it turns out many of them opt for some surprisingly affordable pieces to accessorise their outfits.
 One brand in particular has proven popular with a whole host of A-list names, with celebs like Rihanna, Rita Ora and Cara Delevingne all spotted wearing pieces from  ONLYCHILD London . The London-based jewellery brand might have been adorning the wrists, necks and fingers of big name celebs, but it doesn’t come with big price tags, as you can snap up pieces from the independent boutique from £12. 
 The brand was conceived back in 2011, and not two years later Cara Delevingne was spotted wearing the silver version of the Palm Tree Spoon Necklace,  £68 here, whilst out and about. Ever since then, it’s become one of the go-to affordable brands for A-listers. 
You might not have realised it, but you’ve probably seen pieces from the brand pretty regularly, and we’re not just talking about IRL. It’s also featured in some of Netflix’s hit shows, including Dead To Me, #blackAF, Never Have I Ever and Black-ish, making it a pretty well recognised brand.
 Although Cara’s palm necklace might sit a little higher up the price range, there are plenty of amazing affordable pieces that you can shop from the brand. The Starfish Gold Charm,  £12 here (was £20) and the gold Flying Saucer charm,  £12 here  (was also £20), are both a pretty versatile purchase. You can wear them as a single statement hoop earring, dangle them from a chain necklace, or even weave them into a braid or plait as a hair accessory. 
 The brand also currently has plenty of pieces that would be amazing additions to your spring wardrobe, like this Stars Align Rainbow Necklace,  £35 here, which has a chain with dozens of rainbow-plated star-shaped links. The delicate design combined with the bright multicoloured stars makes it perfect for adding a playful pop of colour to your new season outfits. 
It’s not just your neck that can get the ONLYCHILD London treatment, with its crystal-studded Green Dream Chunky Click Hoops,  £45 here, great for adding a subtle, sophisticated burst of colour to your lobes. We’re also a big fan of the Rose Quartz Crystal Bracelet,  £38 here, which has an 18k gold plated chain and real rose quartz crystal linked in the centre. 
 Meanwhile, another amazing independent jeweller to check out is  Bijoux De Mimi, who also has a whole host of colourful statement jewellery at affordable prices. It’s latest launch, the Amelia Waterproof Pink Gold Star Bangle,  £39.99 here, is the perfect combo of sleek and playful, whilst the Mimi Gold Rainbow Original Huggie Earrings,  £22.50 here, add a colourful sparkle to your outfit – just what you need this spring.