Us Weekly has affiliate partnerships. We receive compensation when you click on a link and make a purchase. Learn more!
Please note, deals are accurate at the date of publication but are subject to change.
Like the great singer-turned-beauty-mogul Rihanna once said, “Cheers to the freaking weekend!” Whether you’re sipping a sparkling mocktail or raising a glass of bubbly, we all deserve to drink to that.
Turning into a couch potato and hitting the town with our favorite people are some ways we like to spend the weekend. And of course, for many of Us, the weekend is a great time to catch up on brand-new deals from our most trusted retailers. Read on for our favorite finds!
Our Absolute Favorite: Looking for an eye-catching pair of loafers? Head straight to Nordstrom. These platform loafers feature a bold metallic silver shade and adorable tassels — originally $130, now $50!
Shop more deals at Nordstrom!
Our Absolute Favorite: Has your laptop been acting a little wonky? Now is the perfect time to get a brand-new one for less. Head straight to Best Buy! The Apple MacBook Pro 14″ is now $200 off — originally $1,999, now $1799!
Shop more deals at Best Buy!
Our Absolute Favorite: If you’re looking for major fashion savings, take a quick trip to Express. The classic brand is slashing the price tags of so many chic pieces, including this color-block sweater dress — originally $98, now $30!
Shop more deals at Express!
Our Absolute Favorite: If you live for eyelash extensions, get ready to swoon! Ulta Beauty is discounting up to 30% off of falsies in honor of National Lash Day. Kiss Falscara Lengthening Lash Starter Kit has everything you need to achieve a professional quality lash set at home — originally $25, now $17!
Shop more deals at Ulta Beauty!
Our Absolute Favorite: The end of winter is the perfect time to snag top-quality outerwear for less! The YPB Après Puffer is on sale right now at Abercrombie & Fitch. It’s a perfect shade and fit that will undoubtedly be back in style next year — originally $220, now $99!
Shop more deals at Abercrombie & Fitch!
Our Absolute Favorite: If you’re a fashionista who lives to run or train, you’ve probably heard tons of good things about lululemon. The cult-favorite brand has an anti-chafe, seamless top available now. It’s super cozy and keeps you dry too — originally $78, now $54!
Shop more deals at Lululemon!
Our Absolute Favorite: Calling all skincare enthusiasts! Dermstore has a huge bundle available for a massive discount. You can rack up on everything from cleansers to moisturizers, eye creams and hair treatments all in one kit — originally $100, now $65!
Shop more deals at Dermstore!
Our Absolute Favorite: Are you ready to enter your western era? These cowboy boots from TORAL are so chic and right on trend — originally $279, now $263!
Shop more deals at Revolve!
Our Absolute Favorite: Treat your tresses to a luxurious haircare experience, courtesy of this Kérastase set. It comes equipped with a full-size heat protectant, travel-size hair oil, and hydration overnight treatment — originally $65, now $55!
Shop more deals at Sephora!
Our Absolute Favorite Tech Deal: If you love earbuds but find them uncomfortable, get ready! These wireless JBL earbuds 
feature an ergonomic, stick-closed design that fits snuggly and cancels out external sound — originally $50, $45!
Our Absolute Favorite Fashion Deal: You can’t go wrong with a black turtleneck. They’re so chic and versatile. This Amazon Essentials find fits so nicely and isn’t see-through — originally $30, $18!
Our Absolute Favorite Hair Deal: Simplify your hair routine with this 4-in-1 hair dryer brush. Along with volumizing and straightening, this styler combats frizz too — originally $46, now $39!
Our Absolute Favorite Health Deal: Looking to add new supplements to your daily lineup? This Vital Proteins Collagen Powder encourages natural collagen production and helps improve skin hydration and joint mobility — originally $31, now $23!
Check our latest news in Google News
Check our latest news in Apple News
Our Absolute Favorite Home Deal: Take the stress out of cleaning with the help of the iRobot Roomba Vacuum — originally $999, now $600!
You have successfully subscribed.
By signing up, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy and to receive emails from Us Weekly
You have successfully subscribed.
By signing up, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy and to receive emails from Us Weekly
Us Weekly has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
You have successfully subscribed.
By signing up, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy and to receive emails from Us Weekly
Us Weekly is part of Part of the a360media Entertainment Group. © a360media 2025Powered by WordPress VIP
By clicking Sign In, you agree to our Terms and Conditions and that you have read our Privacy Policy.
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include:
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include: