Business Editor
Kemo Sabe, a "luxury" western wear company based in Aspen, announced the arrival of their Road House Tour at First Street Napa in a recent news release.
Kemo Sabe will open its doors at 1300 First St., Suite 309, in Napa from April 19 to June 2. California Brandy House was the previous tenant.
This high-end western retailer specializes in "luxury cowboy apparel" such as custom hats, boots and buckles, said the release. "The retail shop is about more than just western goods — it’s an experience." 
According to the Kemo Sabe website, cowboy hat prices start at $350 and run to $895. Women's boots range from $475 to $2,995.
Best sellers include a Black Python Women's Sneaker ($1,350), Lightning Bolt Earrings ($725), Fingerless Gloves ($55), Cafe Boar Suede Jean Jacket ($275), and Kennesaw Conceal & Carry Vest (on sale for $150.) 
According to a recent profile in the New York Times, loyal customers include Beyoncé, Shania Twain, the Kardashian-Jenner family, Rihanna and Kevin Costner.
Info: firststreetnapa.com
"Bruce Lee is the most pampered pooch," says Jacqueline Casas of Napa. "He’s the best big 'little' brother to my one-year-old and literally my best friend."
"Philo is a 7 month old rescue, mostly Border Collie and very smart," says Jane Pernotto Ehrman of Napa. "One day he drank a full mug of coffee with cream and sugar! Now he’s Mr. Philo Latte."
Meet Beanie and Maybe. "From a landfill in Mexico to the world famous wine country," says Mary Wilson of St. Helena. "Thank you Compassion Without Borders!"
"Rylo Skye Milkshake are my pets, my kids, my everything," says Dayana of Napa.
"Kenai is a GSP (German Shorthaired Pointer), and Bubba a French bulldog," says Heather Kormos of Calistoga. "They are best friends and love to cuddle."
"Mitzi was rescued from a Stockton Shelter. She was approximately 5 weeks old and dumped in a donation bin outside the shelter," says Kathy Cabrera of Napa. "She had hypothermia and cuts all over her face. The shelter believed she was a 'bait dog' used in dog fights. They didn’t think she was going to make it. Now she lives a spoiled dog life with us and celebrated her 8th birthday last October."
"Heidi is a lovely, furry girl," says Reyna of Calistoga.
"Cookie is a cute and energetic puppy," says Tania Guadarrama of Napa.
"Archer is a 6-and-a-half month Brittany Spaniel puppy who either is go-go-go or asleep," says Reese Porterfield of Napa. "He loves playing fetch, and his stuffed kangaroo is one of his favorite toys. He loves looking out the window or being outside and loves to meet new people and wants their attention."
Goldendoodle brothers Ace and Gus. Submitted by Virginia Thomas of Napa.
Gizmo is a 7 month old English Springer Spaniel. He love to play/terrorize our other Springer (the old man) Sparta," says Hugh Marquez of American Canyon.
"Kira is a very energetic and likes being outdoors such as going on walks and runs," says Yahir Reyes of Napa.
Meet Mr. Darcy, a 8 month old Silken Windhound puppy. Submitted by Roderick Macdonald of Napa. 
"Cherry Pie is our 5-year-old Miniature Pinscher. Her favorite dogs are golden retrievers. Her favorite people are mom and dad, and her favorite activity is squirrel hunting," says Cindy Worthington of Napa.
Do you have business or employee news? Send your info to Jennifer Huffman, Register business editor, at jhuffman@napanews.com
Business Editor
Friends and family of Berryessa's Turtle Rock bar collected the money pined to the ceiling of the cafe to donate to UCSF and celebrate the 15-year 'cancerversary' of Elijah Leung.
Take a ride around Napa on these motorized ADA-compliant scooters made to look like various critters and creatures, courtesy of Napa Valley Rydables.
Most of Napa’s River Park Shopping Center tenants cater to locals, not wine country visitors. Now a handful of tenants have left the center, or plan to. What's up at River Park? 
Protests will take place in Napa and across the Bay Area on Thursday as part of what are expected to be over 900 nationwide demonstrations for May Day.
The sheriff's office reported seizing 13 roosters from a Carneros site where it said the birds were altered and trained to fight other male birds.
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers:
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Receive a daily update, along with our weekly Thursday e-edition.
Sign up with
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Sign in with
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.