Sophisticated scents to enhance your fragrance wardrobe.


When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

If you were to time travel to Paris in February 1947, there would be one fragrance everyone talked about: Miss Dior Eau de Parfum. At the time, it was sunflower yellow (not the pink-with-a-cute-little-bow-on-top bottle we’ve come to know today), with an avant-garde chypre accord, a hint of jasmine, and a patchouli essence. Fast forward to 2024, and the iconic fragrance now has four iterations, solidifying its status as one of the best Dior perfumes. But, Miss Dior is only one of many exceptional options.
Over the years, the fashion house has enlisted famous noses like Francis Kurkdijian, François Demachy (you may know him from the documentary Nose), and Pual Vacher to craft its scents, with over 250 Dior fragrances and colognes to date.
There are deep and musky options for men, like Dior Sauvage, and feminine florals and fruity profiles in La Collection Privée. You can even smell like Rihanna with J’Adore L’Or (she's the newest face of the stories scent).
Samantha has smelled almost every single Dior fragrance in the brand's portfolio.
Narrowing down the ouds, citrus scents, and musky blends to just a few favorites for a stellar fragrance wardrobe isn’t easy. But after smelling and spraying over 15 Dior fragrances (the life of a beauty editor is rough, I know), I picked the seven best Dior perfumes that make it incredibly easy to smell... well, filthy rich. Shop my picks, ahead.
While there are four iterations of Miss Dior, the latest one—a special rendition created by the brand’s Perfume Creation Director Francis Kurkdijan—is just a hint more sophisticated than its predecessors. Don’t get me wrong: it still has the sweet floral heart for which it’s famous. But you’ll also get a sensual woody base that previous iterations lacked. Every time I spray this Natalie Portman-approved fragrance, I’m instantly transported into a field of berries; there’s a sweetness mixed with the brightness of a sunny summer day. 
Notes: Lily of the Valley, peony accord, iris, centifolia rose, tonka bean, sandalwood, Papua New Guinean vanilla 
What We Love: Fresh; has an addictive quality; smell in the bottle remains nearly identical to what you’ll smell on your skin 
What We Don’t: It does have an innocent and juvenile finish, so I wouldn’t recommend this for someone who prefers an overtly sophisticated scent 
For a sweet and refreshing fragrance, Miss Dior is your girl. 
Whenever I want to cosplay a rich woman who both frequents Paris and owns a vast collection of Hèrmes Kellys, I reach for this fragrance. It’s so sophisticated and sexy. I swear simply being in the presence of this fragrance makes me feel like bank account has an extra 0, I grew five inches, and I'm the type of girl to never trip in heels. Despite the floral flavor profile (orange, rose, and jasmine), this fragrance feels remarkably warm and cozy. Plus, nothing makes me happier than knowing Rihanna and I share one of the same fragrances.
Notes: Orange blossom, damascena rose, grandiflorum jasmine
What We Love: Smells very elevated for the price point; bottle is gorgeous and unique; this is a very unoffensive scent and will be pleasing to almost everyone 
What We Don’t: It’s more of a seductive fall or winter scent than something you would want to wear in the summer 
Charlize Theron was the face of Dior J'adore L'Or fragrance for over a decade. This year, Rihanna become the spokesperson. 
I imagine every incredibly hot man (think: Chris Hemsworth to Timothée Chalamet) keeps this very specific scent in their fragrance collection and sprays it on thick when they're about to drink gin on the rocks in a room with a velvet couch. It’s masculine without being too musky and has an undeniable sex appeal. Still, it is a unisex scent (and one of my go-tos for a night out). You can expect a heavy front of amber that settles into a skin-like base and leaves a touch of warm rose in its wake. 
Notes: Amber, damascus rose 
What We Love: Unisex; sex appeal; great for a date night or night out; addictive quality 
What We Don’t: I wouldn’t personally want to wear this during the day time—it’s a bit too moody for that 
This musky scent is a fantastic genderless perfume. 
I’ve already gone through three whole bottles of Dioriviera—that’s how much I love it. For context, fig is my favorite note in a fragrance; it’s light and fresh with a fruity twist that makes my skin smell sweet and yummy. It’s become my signature scent in the summer, and I quite literally douse myself in the Mediteranean-inspired juice; there’s no such thing as overdoing it with this airy, solar blend. My pro tip: Prime your wrists with a little Vaseline to make the scent last longer. 
Notes: Fig, rose
What I Love: Very light; rose is a note, but it’s not overwhelming—in fact, I didn’t even realize this fragrance included rose until I looked at the description
What I Don’t: It doesn’t last incredibly long on the skin, so I end going through the bottle faster
I keep Dioriviera front and center on my fragrance shelf. 
Dior Sauvage is a “best of all time” fragrance with a reputation that precedes it. Johnny Depp has been the face of scent since 2015 (and not for nothing, but this earthy-spicy-woody blend is exactly what I would imagine him to smell like) however the masculine blend counts Ryan Reynolds, Chris Hemsworth, and David Beckham as fans, too. It’s a balance of fresh and woody, with bergamot, amberwood, and pepper notes. While the blend has a heady finish, this is an eau de toilette so you can expect a lighter wear. Bonus: the bottle is refillable. 
Notes: Calabrian bergamot, amberwood, pepper 
What We Love: Very classic scent; spicy finish; masculine by design, but when layered with a more citrus scent it can lean unisex
What We Don’t: It doesn’t last very long on the skin—you’re better off spraying it on your clothes 
For a bold, statement-making scent, Gris Dior is the way to go. It’s a perfume of juxtaposition—the juice constantly evolves on the skin, smelling distinctly different with every whiff. At first, I pick up on the citrus scent. It’s sparkly and a bit tingly, perfect for a morning pick-me-up. But as the fragrance settles, the woody floral base, which has flecks of rose and oak moss, comes through. It’s a genderless pick, so don’t be surprised if your significant other wants to share this bottle with you. 
Notes: Citrus, rose, violet, oak moss 
What We Love: Complex fragrance with a luxury vibe; unisex; long-lasting 
What We Don’t: Definitely a love-it-or-hate-it fragrance, so I recommend starting off with a small size bottle 
I’m a big oud fan—the note can single-handedly give a fragrance depth and an aura of seduction. That’s exactly what you’ll get with Oud Ispahan. To put it simply: this is a sexy, powerful scent. It’s what I imagine a royal kind of queen doused themselves in before holding court or a CEO spraying before presenting to her board. You really don’t need a lot of this to make an impression (one to two spray is plenty), so you should have this bottle for years to come. 
Notes: Oud wood, damascus rose 
What We Love: The rose serves as a nice balance to the oud, providing a floral finish; long-lasting 
What We Don’t: Oud can be too overwhelming and heavy for some, depending on your preference 
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
Samantha Holender is the Senior Beauty Editor at Marie Claire, where she reports on the best new launches, dives into the science behind skincare, and shares the breakdown on the latest and greatest trends in the beauty space. She's studied up on every ingredient you'll find on INCI list and is constantly in search of the world's glowiest makeup products. She's constantly tracking the biggest nail and hair trends to pop up in the beauty space, going backstage during fashion weeks, tracking celebrity looks, and constantly talking to celebrity hair stylists, nail artists, and makeup artists. Prior to joining the team, she worked as Us Weekly’s Beauty and Style Editor, where she stayed on the pulse of pop culture and broke down celebrity beauty routines, hair transformations, and red carpet looks. Her words have also appeared on Popsugar, Makeup.com, Skincare.com, Delish.com, and Philadelphia Wedding. Samantha also serves as a board member for the American Society of Magazine Editors (ASME). She first joined the organization in 2018, when she worked as an editorial intern at Food Network Magazine and Pioneer Woman Magazine. Samantha has a degree in Journalism and Mass Communications from The George Washington University’s School of Media and Public Affairs. While at GWU, she was a founding member of the school’s HerCampus chapter and served as its President for four years. When she’s not deep in the beauty closet or swatching eyeshadows, you can find her obsessing over Real Housewives and all things Bravo. Keep up with her on Instagram @samholender.

It's time for an upgrade.


The 21-year-old Princess of Orange, Catharina-Amalia, has overcome a scary period in her young life.


She's currently on a break from her beloved sneaker collection.


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.