See the stunning looks our editors' can't stop talking about.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

The 2024 Met Gala is days away—and thanks to the “The Garden of Time” dress code, we’re expecting the beauty looks to be as extra, insane, and absurd as humanly possible. But wild Met Gala beauty looks are nothing new. Outrageous glam has long been par for the course during fashion’s biggest night. Be it bizarre headpieces, jaw-dropping hair transformations (shout out to Jennifer Lopez’s crystal wig in 2019), or insane makeup looks, celebrities don’t shy away from a statement.
In recent years, stars and their glam teams have only upped the ante, with many steering clear of stereotypically “pretty” makeup and hair in favor of shocking looks that leave us speechless. Take last year’s Met Gala, for example. Euphoria star Hunter Schafer wore milky white contact lenses to complete her alien-inspired outfit, while co-host Naomi Osaka worked with hairstylist Marty Harper to create a structural hairstyle that paid homage to her Haitian and Japanese roots.
But those wild looks don’t even scratch the surface. From painted metallic hairstyles to gold-foiled eyelashes a la Lady Gaga, there are tons of unique Met Gala beauty looks that are sure to make your jaw drop. And we’re rounding them up, ahead.
Doja Cat channeling a literal cat on the red carpet at the 2023 Met Gala. 
The 2023 Met Gala celebrated "Karl Lagerfeld: A Line Of Beauty," and several stars used the occasion to pay tribute to Lagerfeld's beloved cat, Choupette. Doja Cat, for instance, stunned onlookers with realistic makeup and prosthetics that made her look like a cat-human hybrid.
Lil Nas X turns into a living jewel on the red carpet. 
Lil Nas X epitomized opulence on the carpet, painting his entire body in glittery silver body paint. For extra glam, he adorned his face and bust with silver jewels. Even the musician's lips and long, pointed nails were painted silver for the occasion.
Naomi Campbell wears jewels on her face and dress for the Met Gala's "In America: An Anthology of Fashion" theme in 2023.
Just a year earlier, legendary supermodel Naomi Campbell wore facial jewels that accentuated her striking bone structure. The jewels matched the glitzy detailing on her dress as well as her silver necklace and earrings.
Model Winnie Harlow looked incredible in a crown-like headpiece.
Winnie Harlow's hair piece looked like a large, white crown of peacock feathers, matching the tremendous volume of her black and white dress.
Alicia Keys takes the voluminous ponytail to a new, unheard of level at the 2023 Met Gala.
Last year, Alicia Keys wore black and silver discs in her waist-length ponytail. The unique design was meant to evoke a row of CDs, a nod to Keys' lengthy music career.
Naomi Osaka's striking hair was a tribute to her Haitian and Japanese roots. 
The tennis star’s structural hairstyle stole the spotlight thanks to Harper’s genius work. Given the theme for the year was "In America: An Anthology of Fashion," Osaka chose to pay tribute to her Haitian and Japanese roots. Her hairstyle was complete with three braids, flower embellishments, and slicked pigtails.
Hunter Schaffer looked both stunning and terrifying with her otherworldly eye look in 2021.
With milky contact lenses and an alien-inspired accessory smack in the middle of her face, the Euphoria star’s beauty look was shocking.
Maisie Williams' intricate hair took on a sculptural look at the 2021 Met Gala.
The Game of Thrones actress switched her entire look for the big night. Not only did she bleach her typically brown eyebrows, but she also dyed her blonde locks jet black. Her hair, which took a style cue from The Matrix, was then worked into a glossy, multi-dimensional updo by hairstylist Vernon Francois.
Lady Gaga's look was certainly eye-opening—both for onlookers and for her. 
One of the most iconic looks in Met Gala history is hands-down the Haus Labs founder’s gold foiled eyelashes at the "Camp: Notes of Fashion Met Gala." The eyelashes, which took days to execute, were paired with a bubblegum pink lip, blonde bob, and graphic liner.
Lily Collins' look was a cross between Priscilla Presley and the court of Versailles.
Taking inspo from Priscilla Presley’s wedding makeup, the Emily in Paris star brought all the drama to the red carpet. Hairstylist Gregory Russell put a spin on the hair look with flower appliqués, while makeup artist Fiona Stiles gave the actress retro purple eye makeup.
J.Lo appeared to be dripping in jewels from head to toe thanks to her matching dress and hair accessory.
In line with the gaudy theme for the evening, J. Lo showed up with a crystal wig that perfectly matched her Versace gown. As for the makeup? She opted for a smokey purple eye and nude lip.
Lupita Nyong’o pays tribute to drag queens' distinctive beauty style, which has influenced show makeup for decades. 
When it comes to eye makeup at the Met Gala, Nyong'o's 2019 look takes the cake for creativity. Her makeup artist, Nick Barose, revealed that he was inspired by drag queens, while Francois took a page from Marie Antoinette’s playbook.
Billy Porter's eyes were the picture of regality at the 2019 Met Gala.
To go with his 24K gold ensemble from The Blonds, the Pose actor rocked gilded gold eye makeup complete with rhinestone accents.
Cynthia Errivo took bold brows to a whole new level by bedazzling them in sharp, upward points. 
Rather than wearing a headpiece or crown like many stars did for the Heavenly Bodies theme, Erivo opted for bejeweled eyebrows. Makeup artist Giselle Ali mixed and matched gemstones of different sizes to mimic a natural shape.
Jasmine Sanders' sweet, romantic bread was the stuff of fairytales.
The model’s braid was anything but boring at the 2018 Met Gala. It featured real (!!) red roses, gold tinsel, and pearl strands.
Cara Delevigne looked sleek and distinctive with her silver-painted head and small, multi-colored rhinestones in 2016.
The Rei Kawakubo/Comme des Garçons theme was all about being daring—and Delevingne delivered. Just weeks after shaving her head for Life in a Year, hairstylist Mara Roszak painted her head a metallic silver hue.
Never one to disappoint, Rihanna looked like a real-life rose at the 2017 Met Gala.
A year before releasing Fenty Beauty, the singer secretly wore the now-famous brand to the Met Gala. Makeup artist Lora Arellano gave RiRi an over-the-top pink blush face beat. It was later revealed on Fenty Beauty’s Instagram that the product used to create the look was Killawatt Foil Blush.
Lily Aldridge wore gilded brows on the red carpet. 
The "Manus X Machina: Fashion in an Age of Technology" theme saw a decent amount of metallic fabrics, but Aldridge took the gilded look to the next level: she painted her eyebrows gold.
Miley Cyrus' hair was painted a reflective, mirror-like blue.
The Hannah Montana alum channeled the "China: Through the Looking Glass" theme with a cutout black dress—and a freshly-dyed blue pixie cut.
Joan Smalls countered her otherwise neutral look with a shock or metallic purple lipstick in 2014. 
For the first white tie Met Gala, which was themed, "Charles James: Beyond Fashion," the model wore a stunning Vera Wang gown. But it was her bright purple lip (courtesy of Sir John) that had everyone buzzing.
Nicole Richie looked ghostly in a shock of white hair. 
In line with the "Punk: Chaos to Couture" theme, the former reality star showed up with her shoulder-length locks styled into a silver-meets-white messy updo.
Serena Williams' hair accessory was reminiscent of traditional royal headwear, but with a spiky, floral twist. 
For the "Alexander McQueen: Savage Beauty" themed event, the tennis star accessorized her look with an opalescent fastener. When it came to makeup, Williams rocked a rosy cheek and pink lip stain.
This photo was taken in 2010, but Jessica Alba looks like she was plucked from the 1950s with her retro beauty look.
For the "American Woman: Fashioning a National Identity" theme, the Honest Beauty founder channeled Old Hollywood with her updo, which was styled by Renato Campora.
Madonna stole the show, as always, in a sky-high updo.
The “Like a Virgin” singer embodied the "Model as a Muse" theme in a Louis Vuitton ensemble complete with a silky blue, structural headpiece that drew comparisons to an oversized scrunchie and a pair of bunny ears.
Tilda Swinton wore shades of gold from head to toe for the 2008 Met Gala.
Swinton committed to a gold hue for the "Superheros: Fashion and Fantasy" theme, rocking the metallic pigment across her eyelids and eyebrows.
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
Samantha Holender is the Senior Beauty Editor at Marie Claire, where she reports on the best new launches, dives into the science behind skincare, and shares the breakdown on the latest and greatest trends in the beauty space. She's studied up on every ingredient you'll find on INCI list and is constantly in search of the world's glowiest makeup products. She's constantly tracking the biggest nail and hair trends to pop up in the beauty space, going backstage during fashion weeks, tracking celebrity looks, and constantly talking to celebrity hair stylists, nail artists, and makeup artists. Prior to joining the team, she worked as Us Weekly’s Beauty and Style Editor, where she stayed on the pulse of pop culture and broke down celebrity beauty routines, hair transformations, and red carpet looks. Her words have also appeared on Popsugar, Makeup.com, Skincare.com, Delish.com, and Philadelphia Wedding. Samantha also serves as a board member for the American Society of Magazine Editors (ASME). She first joined the organization in 2018, when she worked as an editorial intern at Food Network Magazine and Pioneer Woman Magazine. Samantha has a degree in Journalism and Mass Communications from The George Washington University’s School of Media and Public Affairs. While at GWU, she was a founding member of the school’s HerCampus chapter and served as its President for four years. When she’s not deep in the beauty closet or swatching eyeshadows, you can find her obsessing over Real Housewives and all things Bravo. Keep up with her on Instagram @samholender.

It's time for an upgrade.


The 21-year-old Princess of Orange, Catharina-Amalia, has overcome a scary period in her young life.


She's currently on a break from her beloved sneaker collection.


Prepare to glow.


And pull it off.


Could your brand survive an editor testing session?


The Little Monsters approve.


It's dew or die time.


The actor was spotted in New York City looking like the epitome of cool-toned beauty.


Expensive and healthy-looking hair on lock.


The singer revealed her new look in New York City as she prepared for her SNL 50 performance.


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.