DATA has revealed the most popular names for newborns across the Wigan borough last year.


  Published earlier this month, the Office of National Statistics has revealed the top baby names for girls and boys across the country.


  Calculated using birth registration data, Amelia and Oliver are reported to have been the most popular baby names for girls and boys in Wigan borough last year.



  Across Wigan borough, Amelia was the most popular girls' name in 2023, with 22 babies given that name.


  This has changed from the previous year, where Olivia was the most popular name after being chosen for 30 babies.


  Meanwhile, Oliver was the most popular boy's name across the borough, with the name given to 38 babies.


  This replaced Leo and Noah in 2022, which was chosen for 38 newborns.



  The rankings were created using the exact spellings of names given on birth certificates, meaning similar names with different spellings were counted separately.


  Three variations of 'Muhammad', for example, made the list of the top 100 baby boys’ names in England and Wales.


  Muhammad ranked first with 4,661 boys being given the name, while Mohammed came in 28th with 1,601 and Mohammad came 68th with 835.


  Noah, Oliver, George, Leo, Arthur, Luca, Theodore, Oscar, and Henry were the boy names that made the rest of the top ten across England and Wales.



  For baby girls, Olivia was the most popular baby name across England and Wales las year.


  This was followed by Amelia, Isla, Lily, Freya, Ava, Ivy, Florence, Willow, and Isabella in the top ten baby names.


  Seasonal names were also popular for girls, with Autumn and Summer increasing in popularity, particularly during their respective seasons; both names are in the top 100.


  Pop culture also appeared to play a role in baby names. Following the summer blockbuster film Barbie, starring Margot Robbie, there were an additional 215 baby girls called Margot compared with 2022. The name ranked 44th out of the 100 most popular baby girl names.


  There was also an increase in pop music artists’ names in 2023, including Billie, Lana, Miley, and Rihanna for girls, and Kendrick and Elton for boys.


  New entries into the top 100 baby names include Hazel, Lilah, Autumn, Nevaeh and Raya for girls and Jax, Enzo and Bodhi for boys.


  However royal names were less popular in 2023. George ranked fourth, with 3,494 babies being given the name, down from third with 3,699 a year earlier.


  Charlotte ranked 23rd for girls with 1,373, up three places from 2022 – despite being given to fewer newborns.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                

                            Last Updated: 

Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.