On Thursday, Rihanna attended her friend Melissa Forde’s birthday party in Los Angeles at The Nice Guy, wearing a sexy leopard-print minidress that hugged her curves. The strapless ensemble offered a peek of her black bra underneath at the bust, and she matched it with a long black coat lined with more leopard print fabric.
The star accessorized with a Louis Vuitton mink mini bag, sheer black tights, Tom Ford sunglasses, black heels, and an array of jewelry, including a diamond necklace, gold chain, and a sparkling statement ring. The Fenty Beauty founder was also wearing her newly platinum blonde hair down and parted in the middle.
The ANTI singer is well-known for her incredible style, but she recently told Interview that her boyfriend A$AP Rocky inspires her to up her game. After being asked about an earring he gave her as a gift and remarking on his good taste, Rihanna said, “Isn’t he the best? I be feeling bummy as shit next to this man. I feel like, goddamn, I look like his assistant. I’m getting on a plane. We should be in sweats. He wants to be in a full Bottega suit. I’m like, ‘Why you got to do that to me?’”
When asked if they were in competition for looks together, Rihanna answered, “No. It’s more like I spend my time getting the kids dressed to death, and then I’m like, ‘What’s the most comfortable outfit to wear around them? What’s not going to feel uncomfortable on their face or on their body or make me feel like I can’t hold them properly?’ Moms are lazy dressers in real life.” 
Despite these claims, Rihanna was also seen in another chic ensemble last week, wearing a layered look with Balenciaga denim pants, a printed graphic T-shirt, a white satin Adam Lippes coat, and different length strands of pearls.
Benny Blanco and Selena Gomez’s Biggest Argument
Why Sarah Jessica Parker Won't Be at the Met Gala
Rihanna and A$AP Rocky’s Complete History
Everything to Know About Callum Turner
Beyoncé’s Son, Sir, Makes a Sneaky Tour Cameo
See Princess Charlotte’s 10th Birthday Portrait
Blue Ivy Carter Glitters in Gold on Beyoncé’s Tour
Hailey Bieber Steps Out in Archival Gucci
All the Best Photos From Kylie and Timothée’s Date
Shailene and Lucas’s Relationship History
All We Know About Selena and Benny’s Wedding Plans
Selena on Getting Rash After First Kiss With Benny
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.