ASAP Rocky's Paris Fashion Week debut show.
Harrisburg, Pennsylvania has made it to Paris Fashion Week for rapper A$AP Rocky’s “American Sabotage” surprise debut show.
The show, which took place in The Hôtel de Maisons, announced the launch of the “Riot (Rowdy Pipe’n)” rapper’s AWGE collection paired with a special runway that didn’t disappoint.
Pairing art with activism, the rapper took a chance with the show – said to be “political satire” - and with the collection, which challenges the status quo.
Featured on the runway was emblems on t-shirts that read “Harrisburg, Pennsylvania,” a critical hub of the American Underground Railroad Network which helped individuals escape slavery in the 1900s, according to BBC.
The shirt also included the year “1865,” which was when the Thirteenth Amendment was ratified, formally abolishing slavery under the U.S. constitution.
On the runway, Rocky’s heavily anticipated collection reflected his own personal style, as well as a reflection to U.S. political history, while artfully including streetwear and blue-collar clothing.
Another piece that garnered eyes was the one that resembled a bullet proof vest. This was a reminder of the iconic Union Jack printed stab-proof vest worn by Stormzy during his headline Glastonbury set in 2019.
The collection also highlighted his upcoming album, “Don’t Be Dumb.” The phrase was also featured on various garments displayed the runway. A variety of Puma footwear was also incorporated.
All in all, the show was seemingly a complete success as Rocky appeared for the finale. Of course, global megastar and businesswoman Rihanna was there in support of her partner.
Rocky has a long history with fashion, as he worked with Gucci, Dior, and Belgian designer Raf Simons as well as others. 
As for his history with Pennsylvania, the rapper moved to Harrisburg from Harlem, New York when he was 9-years-old. He also attended Harrisburg High School. 
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices