Laid-back shag cuts, rich girl blonde, and maximalist hair accessories make up the mood board. 

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Summer hairstyles can be pretty predictable—they're anything and everything to keep hair off the neck in the humid heat. Case in point: The updo trend at Paris Couture Week in June and the maximalist hair accessory trend at Copenhagen Fashion Week in August. But as New York Fashion Week creeps up, fall’s biggest hair trends are coming into the spotlight.
In fact, they’ve already (subtly) started to make themselves known. Kaia Gerber and Jenna Ortega both debuted curtain bangs in recent weeks. (Yes, curtain bangs, in all their shaggy glory, will be back.) Bows adorned themselves to the back of Rachel Zegler and Emma Stone's heads. And “Rich Girl Blonde,” a shade marked by dark roots and buttery ends, has popped up on everyone from Lindsay Hubbard to Rihanna.
“The fall hair trend is simple, sleek, and sexy with a low-maintenance vibe,” says celebrity hairstylist Julius Michael. An effortless appeal is precisely what every cut, color, and style for the season has in common. Growouts will be easy, cuts are air-dry friendly, and styling won’t take more than 20 minutes.
Scroll ahead to get the full breakdown on the biggest fall hair trends that are about to take over your TikTok FYP, NYFW street style, and red carpets. Michael, along with celebrity hairstylists Marc Mena, Laura Polko, and Mara Roszak, are sharing the best fall hair looks on their radar.
A post shared by Marc Mena (@marcmena)
A photo posted by on 
The bob isn’t just for fall—it’s one of the biggest 2024 hair trends. Madelyn Cline, Lily Collins, Jessica Biel, Joey King, Gigi Hadid, Zendaya, and Penelope Cruz are just a few stars who have gone for the big chop. By and large, these bobs lean less blunt and more easy and breezy. Wispy layers work through the body; slight texture only adds to the style. “The color, cut, and length should create the condition for a seamless transition from late summer into fall, and winter,” says Mena. “It’s really cute and really French,” adds Polko. You'll even find curtain bangs swishing around as a finishing touch.
A post shared by Marc Mena (@marcmena)
A photo posted by on 
A “sexy shag,” as Michael puts it, is going to gain steam this season. While shorter shags, ranging from the broccoli cut to pixie hairstyles, were popular in the summer, length and layers will be entering the chat for fall. “It provides the versatility to be edgy or demure,” says Mena. “This cut is perfect for the person that wants to go full-blown shag but isn’t ready to commit just yet.
A post shared by Mara Roszak (@mararoszak)
A photo posted by on 
The '90s blowout is still going strong. For the foreseeable future, you can “put down the curling iron and whip out the velcro and hot rollers to add volume and bounce,” says Mena. Having a layered haircut is an ideal backdrop for a bouncy blowout—but you’ll also need the proper styling products. “I get a lot of requests for this style and use John Frieda's Frizz Ease Dream Curls Curl Reviver Mousse to get that kind of fullness without any stickiness,” adds Polko.
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
A post shared by Hair by Schwarzkopf (@hairbyschwarzkopf.usa)
A photo posted by on 
While bright blonde is the summer way, a more subdued shade of the honey hue will be trending this fall. “We love a bright blonde, but now it’s time to go back to dark roots and buttery ends,” says Michael. “Baby light highlights all over, then toned down only at the roots to keep the hair looking natural and sun-kissed.” The soft blonde color almost has a champagne-like undertone that looks great on all ages and all hair types, styles, and lengths.
A post shared by Brittney Conkle (@brittneyryanhair)
A photo posted by on 
“The cool tones of ash brown are out and the warm tones of caramel are in,” declares Michael. “Mix that with a little honey, and you will have a sexy brunette for fall.” If you need inspirational photos to show your stylist, screenshot the likes of Halle Berry, Jessica Alba, or Mila Kunis.
A post shared by Beyoncé (@beyonce)
A photo posted by on 
The cowboy copper and cherry cola red hair trends reached peak popularity last year. See Dua Lipa, Riley Keough, and Shay Mitchell. While these fiery shades aren’t going anywhere, expect to see a more subdued red undertone infiltrating easy-to-grow-out blonde and brunette balayage. According to Polko, strawberry blondes are in for a little resurgence.
A post shared by Julius Michael (@juliusmichael1)
A photo posted by on 
A very Lana Del Rey aesthetic, the retro bump that nods to the ‘60s is returning. If you have bangs, you’ll want to pin them down with a bobby pin and add lots of volume to the crown of your head. You’ll need a teasing brush and some hairspray. “Finish the look with a glamorous ribbon or a bejeweled headband,” says Michael. “It's current, it’s retro, and it’s going to be the look that starts in fall 2024 and carries into winter through the holiday season.”
A post shared by rachel zegler (@rachelzegler)
A photo posted by on 
Balletcore is sticking around for yet another season. Bows are still in the spotlight, but the world of cutesy hair accessories is expanding. The supersized scrunchies, ponytail cuffs, and headbands that took over the streets of Copenhagen will be making their way stateside—and sticking around for the foreseeable future. “You need a headband or a ribbon. Tie up your hair, tie it down. But put away your clips and embrace this trend,” says Michael. The plus side is that your hairstyle doesn’t require much styling.
A post shared by RŌZ (@rozhair)
A photo posted by on 
“In general, we’re seeing more a French look,” says Polko. “It’s overall so much sleeker.” Updos in particular, will be popular. Consider a braided chignon or bun secured with a clear elastic of bobby pin. The Fall hair trend is simple, sleek, and sexy with a low-maintenance vibe. “Grab some hair gel, run it through your hair from roots to ends, then brush it sleekly into a bun or braid,” says Michael. “It’s fast, it’s simple, and it’s elegant for a run with a friend, a date with your significant other, or a guest at a wedding.”
Julius is known for his mastery of color, highlights, and Balayage. He is also sought after for his original, virtually undetectable, permanent or clip-on hair extensions.
Marc Mena is an internationally recognized and celebrated Mexican-American hair stylist based in Los Angeles and New York. He proudly maintains and continues to cultivate an impressive public and private roster of diverse VIP and celebrity clients, including: Jennifer Coolidge, Mindy Kaling, Madelaine Petsch, Nina Garcia, Neve Campbell, Natalia Dyer, and more.
Marc’s passion for hair started at a very young age when his sister was diagnosed with ophiasis alopecia. Inspired to support her journey by creating different hairstyles to cover up her bald spots, Marc realized the transformative power of hair — not just on the outside, but internally, emotionally, and spiritually as well.
Marc began his professional career at Warren Tricomi, New York City’s most prestigious salon, where he quickly rose to Creative Director and gained a reputation for perfecting the art of hair extensions and wigs. His technique earned him international recognition, as he created some of the most well-known transformations amongst the entertainment and beauty industries. Marc’s expertise has been further shaped and influenced through prominent editorial collaborations with world-renowned photographers including: Annie Liebovitz, Gilles Bensimon, and Deborah Turbeville.
Laura Polko is an L.A. based hair stylist. Some of her clients include Gigi and Bella Hadid, Priyanka Chopra, Adriana Lima, Emma Roberts, Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, Hailee Steinfeld, Candice Swanepoel, Adriana Lima, Olivia Munn, and Poppy Delevingne.
Laura’s work has appeared in Italian Vogue, Harper’s Bazaar, GQ, Cosmopolitan, Elle, Shape, InStyle, and Paper Magazine.
Samantha Holender is the Senior Beauty Editor at Marie Claire, where she reports on the best new launches, dives into the science behind skincare, and shares the breakdown on the latest and greatest trends in the beauty space. She's studied up on every ingredient you'll find on INCI list and is constantly in search of the world's glowiest makeup products. She's constantly tracking the biggest nail and hair trends to pop up in the beauty space, going backstage during fashion weeks, tracking celebrity looks, and constantly talking to celebrity hair stylists, nail artists, and makeup artists. Prior to joining the team, she worked as Us Weekly’s Beauty and Style Editor, where she stayed on the pulse of pop culture and broke down celebrity beauty routines, hair transformations, and red carpet looks. Her words have also appeared on Popsugar, Makeup.com, Skincare.com, Delish.com, and Philadelphia Wedding. Samantha also serves as a board member for the American Society of Magazine Editors (ASME). She first joined the organization in 2018, when she worked as an editorial intern at Food Network Magazine and Pioneer Woman Magazine. Samantha has a degree in Journalism and Mass Communications from The George Washington University’s School of Media and Public Affairs. While at GWU, she was a founding member of the school’s HerCampus chapter and served as its President for four years. When she’s not deep in the beauty closet or swatching eyeshadows, you can find her obsessing over Real Housewives and all things Bravo. Keep up with her on Instagram @samholender.

This bag is a $33,000 flex.


\201cI have to be Disneyland for them."


It's time for an upgrade.


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.