A Place In The Sun presenter Jean Johannsson has been diagnosed with presbyopia - the gradual loss of your eyes' ability to focus on nearby objects.
After being in denial about her declining eyesight for many years, Jean, 42, finally made an appointment at an opticians and was later given the not-so-good news she was dreading.
Since her diagnosis however, the property expert said: "I can honestly say it's been life-changing.
"I'm not entirely sure why it took me so long to admit I needed glasses. I suppose it's partly to do with fighting the ageing process, but I've accepted that I'm getting older and my vision deteriorating is part of that."
  Read More...    Troubled Katie Price taken to court over debts as low as £708  
Jean said since getting her new glasses, she is "enjoying a whole new world of not having to squint" while reading scripts or text messages.
"I'm [also] no longer stealing my mum's glasses to read a menu in a restaurant," she wrote in her Sunday Mail column.
"I doubt if I'll be joining Jennifer Aniston and Rihanna as the world's sexiest spec wearers, but I love my new frames and I think that they look great."
Embarrassed by how long it took her to go to the opticians, Jean has now urged others struggling to see to book in for an eye test as soon as possible.
  Don't Miss...     Emmerdale fans 'work out' pregnancy bombshell as beloved villager dies  [SOAP THEORY]     Heartbeat cast now - from Strictly to assault allegations  [THEN AND NOW]     Ruth Langsford's one-word reaction as Eamonn Holmes whisks girlfriend on holiday  [REVEALED] 
We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy
According to Mayo Clinic, presbyopia is a natural part of the ageing process which usually becomes noticeable in your early to mid-40s and continues to worsen until, roughly, aged 65.
The website states: "You may become aware of presbyopia when you start holding books and newspapers at arm's length to be able to read them.
"A basic eye exam can confirm presbyopia.
"You can correct the condition with eyeglasses or contact lenses. You might also consider surgery."
Additional symptoms can include; blurred vision at normal reading distance and eyestrain or headaches after reading or doing close-up work.
You may notice these symptoms are worse if you are tired or are in an area with dim lighting.
With her new specs, Jean will now find her job much easier in front of the cameras on programmes such as A Place In The Sun, Key to a Fortune and more Christmas and Hogmanay shows she has in the pipeline.
A Place In The Sun continues tomorrow at 4pm on Channel 4. 
SEARCH
CONNECT WITH US
TODAY'S PAPER
 See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive.
EXPRESS.CO.UK
Daily Express uses notifications to keep you updated