Manage your account
Kendrick Lamar is trading in “Swimming Pools” for football fields.
Lamar has been tapped as the halftime entertainer for Super Bowl 59, the NFL announced on Sunday.
More from TVLine
9-1-1: Lone Star Adds Parker Young as Carlos' New Partner in Final Season, EP Teases 'Very Special Chemistry'
Denis Leary's Fox Army Comedy Enlists Danny Pudi, 4 Others
Accused Exclusive: Cobie Smulders Among Fox Drama's Final Season 2 Castings - Watch Trailer (Exclusive)
“Few artists have impacted music and culture as profoundly as Kendrick Lamar,” Seth Dudowsky, the head of music at the NFL, said in a statement. “Time and time again, Kendrick has proven his unique ability to craft moments that resonate, redefine, and ultimately shake the very foundation of hip-hop.”
And it won’t be Lamar’s first time taking the Super Bowl stage. In 2022, Lamar teamed up with Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg, Eminem and Mary J. Blige, pulling from their collective catalogue to deliver some of the biggest hits from the past few decades. Lamar most recently made headlines for his feud with fellow artist Drake, releasing a diss track titled “Not Like Us” in May.
He’ll take the halftime show baton from Usher, who headlined during Super Bowl 58 with assists from Alicia Keys, H.E.R., Ludacris and Lil Jon. His medley of hits — including “Caught Up,” “Confessions,” “You Got It Bad” and “Yeah!” — earned an average grade of “C” from TVLine readers.
Other recent Super Bowl halftime show performers include Rihanna; The Weeknd; Jennifer Lopez and Shakira; Maroon 5 (ft. Travis Scott and Big Boi); Justin Timberlake; Lady Gaga; Coldplay; and Katy Perry.
Super Bowl 59 will be played at Caesars Superdome in New Orleans on Sunday, Feb. 9, and will air on Fox. The 2024 NFL season gets underway this weekend, with the Kansas City Chiefs defeating the Baltimore Ravens in Thursday’s kickoff game.
Best of TVLine
'Missing' Shows, Found! The Latest on Severance, Holey Moley, Poker Face, YOU, Primo, Transplant and 25+ Others
Summer TV Calendar: Your Guide to 85+ Season and Series Premieres
Yellowjackets Mysteries: An Up-to-Date List of the Showtime Series' Biggest Questions (and Answers?)
Sign up for TVLine's Newsletter. For the latest news, follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram.