February 2, 2024
For anyone who flew out to Los Angeles for Grammy weekend hoping to attend the Roc Nation Brunch, you can try again next year.
For anyone who flew out to Los Angeles for Grammy weekend hoping to attend the Roc Nation Brunch, you can try again next year.
Jay-Z’s Roc Nation typically hosts its annual pre-Grammy brunch the Saturday before the Grammy Awards. But sources have confirmed no brunch will be taking place this year, Page Six reported. 
It’s a disappointment for many who anticipate either attending or hounding social media to see which A-listers attend and what they wear. Roc Nation launched the brunch in 2011 and has hosted one each year up until its two-year hiatus due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
It returned in 2023 and many expected a follow-up in 2024. However, Jay and Beyoncé are expected to attend Clive Davis’ pre-Grammy gala on Saturday to support their friend, CEO of Sony Music Publishing, Jon Platt, who is set to receive the Grammy Salute to Industry Icons Award.
The Roc Nation Brunch has become a staple event during Grammy weekend with many famous faces attending including Rihanna, Usher, Katy Perry, Kim Kardashian, Janelle Monae, Kevin Hart, Megan Thee Stallion, Diddy, and many more. The Daily News captured high-res photos of the 2019 brunch which included appearances from the biggest names in music.
Many fans were anticipating this year’s brunch considering Megan Thee Stallion’s current feud with Nicki Minaj. With Megan being a mentee and artist under Roc Nation, her presence was expected and many assumed Nicki would be bothered.
I can’t WAIT to see Megan at The Roc Nation Brunch pic.twitter.com/TQTd8Lfvzi
However, Megan has been spotted at one pre-Grammy event partying with Victoria Monét, who has been celebrating the seven Grammys she’s nominated for on Sunday, including Best New Artist. A video circulating across social media shows Megan dancing on Victoria to her hit song “On My Mama.”
The irony is that the night of the party was soon after Nicki released her diss track aimed at Megan, dubbed “Big Foot,” which the “Savage” rapper has yet to respond to. Instead, Megan has been busy interviewing to promote her upcoming tour and new album. She’s also enjoying the LA scene ahead of the Grammys.
Megan Thee Stallion and Victoria Monét at a party in LA.  pic.twitter.com/1zvGj85jXW
Maybe Jay and Bey canceled the Roc Nation Brunch to avoid instigating fan reactions to Megan and Nicki’s rap beef.
RELATED CONTENT: Beyoncé !? Kim Burrell Claims Jay Z Called her After Beyoncé Listened to her Music for 11 Hours of Her Music During Relationship ‘Issues’
© 2025 Black Enterprise. All Rights Reserved.