By AMELIA WYNNE FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  08:36, 6 November 2024   |  Updated:  09:09, 6 November 2024   
 80
View  comments
She welcomed her first child with her boyfriend U.S. skateboarder Daniel Wheatley back in August.
And new mum Adwoa Aboah proudly showed off her C-section scar and breast pump as she posed to Instagram on Tuesday. 
The Top Boy actress, 32, posted snaps of her recovery with the caption 'upgrade' as she adjusted to life as a new mum. 
She wore a tight brown vest and comfortable tracksuit bottoms as she showed off the breast pumps in action.   
Uploading photos during her C-section birth, Adwoa revealed the couple had welcomed a baby girl, who they have named Shy Trinity Afua Wheatley.
Adwoa Aboah proudly showed off her C-section scar and breast pump in a new Instagram on Tuesday - after welcoming her first child with boyfriend Daniel Wheatley earlier this year 
The Top Boy actress, 32, posted snaps of her recovery with the caption 'upgrade' as she adjusted to life as a new mum
The new mum captioned her photos: 'Our stunner of a daughter was born at 11:22pm on the 23rd of August by emergency cesarean. 
'Our hearts have literally exploded into a million pieces. Shy Trinity Afua Wheatley. What the f**k'.
Daniel is a 33-year-old skateboarder whom she's been dating since 2021.
Adwoa and US-based skater and videographer Daniel keep their romance low-key, sharing the odd cosy snaps of one another on birthdays and just special occasions.
Daniel is also a member of the editorial teams on Thrasher Magazine and The Perfect Magazine.
In 2021, she told Daily Mail: 'I’ve always wanted to go out with a long-legged skater.' 
Adwoa announced her pregnancy with her first child by appearing at this year's Met Gala with a baby bump.
The Top Boy star drew attention to her blossoming bump in a red balloon skirt and matching crop top for the glitzy fashion night in New York City. 
Rather than slip into a big budget designer gown, Adwoa took inspiration from an iconic high street brand, as she showed off her bump in a red ruffled crop top from H&M.
She wore a tight brown vest and comfortable tracksuit bottoms as she showed off the breast pumps in action
Daniel is a 33-year-old skateboarder whom she's been dating since 2021 
Uploading photos during her C-section birth, Adwoa revealed the couple had welcomed a baby girl, who they have named Shy Trinity Afua Wheatley 
The new mum captioned her photos: 'Our stunner of a daughter was born at 11:22pm on the 23rd of August by emergency cesarean'
The top comprised a capelet in fiery red silk organza, its tulle ruffles resembling petals, worn over a bralette delicately embroidered with rhinestones.
Adwoa's look was paired with a voluminous bubble-hem skirt in red silk taffeta, lending an effortlessly modern edge to this charm-infused confection.
Speaking about her outfit choice, Adwoa said: 'My Met Gala looks are always very instinctive.
'I love leaning into the theme, but I always want to feel completely like myself with the confidence to stand out from the rest.'
The beauty added: 'We created a look to mark a very special moment in my life.'
She joked to Harper's Bazaar just a few days before the event: 'I’m gonna do my Rihanna reveal moment, whatever that looks like … and then I’ll probably go back into hiding.'
Adwoa later told the publication: 'I wanted to feel like my best self, and it’s hard when you have literally no control over your body and the way that it’s moving and growing and doing its own thing.
'I did a lot of research on pregnant women on the red carpet. Obviously, we have the likes of Rihanna, who killed it in such an incredible way. Sienna [Miller] was also a big reference for me.' 
The actress has been open about her difficult past and problems with alcohol and drugs, previously recounting how she first tried marijuana at the age of 14 after getting drunk at a house party.
From then on, she started using harder drugs, trying both cocaine and ketamine, with the latter being the drug which 'really got' her.
Last year, Adwoa revealed she was 'pushed to rip apart myself and put it all back together' while in a treatment facility for her drug addiction.
She added that she is 'lucky' to be sober and go to treatment as it forced her to confront herself and her addiction issues.
Speaking on the Reign With Josh Smith podcast for World Mental Health Day, she said: 'I was lucky enough to go to treatment, so I met a mad variety of people there who'd been through all sorts of different things.
'It kicks it out of you when you are forced to really confront yourself. I'm actually quite lucky. A lot of sober people say that. I think I'm quite lucky that I was pushed to deal with it now.
'Pushed to pick apart any judgments I had towards other people. Pushed to rip apart myself and put it all back together so that I could look at things a bit differently.
'Even though it was pretty f***ing s**t, I'm pretty lucky to be quite honest that I've been given this chance to do things differently and to look at situations in a more empathetic way, actually.'
Adwoa announced her pregnancy with her first child by appearing at this year's Met Gala with a baby bump 
Adwoa wants to use her platform to raise awareness for mental health and admitted: 'I've resigned myself to the fact that life is just so messy and one's mental health journey couldn't be further from linear.
'So the fact is it's just ebbs and flows and we find ways of dealing with things and then we're confronted with another thing, whether it be grief or identity or love or sex, it's endless.
'I think because our stories change and evolve, and we grow so our perspective on things changes, and it's so mad that you can look at a situation that happened a few years ago and then with some age and wisdom you suddenly reframe it and you're like, "Okay maybe it was my fault".
'Or maybe there are different ways that we can look at things, I think that comes with age definitely. I've started really putting into place those boundaries and knowing what's good for me and what is not good for me.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group