Every product is independently selected by (obsessive) editors. Things you buy through our links may earn us a commission.

                  Save this article to read it later.
                  






                  Find this story in your account’s ‘Saved for Later’ section.
                  






91 items in this article
6 items on sale!

Each year, in order to create the Strategist’s annual print “Gift Issue” (subscribe here!), we set out to find the newest, grooviest, most surprising and delightful things that you (very likely) won’t find on the zillions of other gift guides out there in the universe.
Here’s how the process works: Each Strategist writer on staff submits and makes a case for the items that came out this year that they think would make for an excellent gift. Meanwhile, a smaller group of editors devote hours to just poking around and perusing our favorite shops (online and IRL), polling our coolest friends, going down numerous shopping rabbit holes that take us to Polish boutiques and Eastern Maine farmstands. And then we begin to argue. Is that button-down really that special? There’s something a little too 2023 about that cutting board. How do we really feel about tomatoes these days? We create “boards” so we can examine each item up close, then continue to whittle down till we have the perfect assemblage.
And there you have it! We’ve divided the 297 gifts that made the cut into three categories — under $50, $50 to $199, and $200 and up. Below, you’ll find our favorite slightly splurgy gifts. And if you haven’t found what you’re looking for, peruse the many other gift guides the staff of the Strategist has made for you here.
From Milanese smoking brand Weed’d.
Over 800 images of Alexander Girard’s interiors.
Snow Peak’s popular camping light now has a USB-C port for car charging.
A peacockesque centerpiece for the table.
Made by designer Fabien Cappello in Mexico.
Almost-actual-cat-size building set with adjustable ears, paws, and tail.
Made by a Spanish family in the pottery business since the 18th century. The white clay naturally keeps water cool.
In a slightly smoky yellow hue from Bollenglass, which makes reproductions of historical styles from the 16th and 17th centuries.
Manscaped’s upgraded pubic-hair trimmer now features foil and trimmer heads.
Beauty brand Nopalera’s first foray into perfume; formulated from Mexican cactus oil.
Kidneyesque, courtesy of Laila and Nadia Gohar.
Also available in pink from the LoveShackFancy x Pottery Barn Teen collection.
From New York textile line Inner Child.
The blade is made with VG10 stainless steel, which is known for being corrosion resistant and especially easy to sharpen.
A silk sleep mask with built-in eyecups to keep lashes from being squished.
This Mini Rodini bag has an adjustable crossbody strap.
Each set of six contains a pheasant, duck, partridge, wood pigeon, woodcock, and quail.
Designer Charlie Crane uses scraps from the popular Levo rocker to make this surprisingly affordable beech lounge chair.
Made of plexiglass by a German company that originally produced tortoiseshell combs.
The late great portrait photographer’s only monograph is back in print.
Handmade in Brooklyn in small batches; comes with a nail to hang it on the wall.
This Super Smalls kit has over 630 gems plus stretchy string.
Made of water-friendly nylon by New York–based hat-and-accessories line Clyde.
This hat, which can be untied and worn in a number of ways, debuted at Dauan Jacari’s first runway show this year.
Cole Escola on the front, “Oh, Mary!” on the back.
From Baserange’s newly launched men’s collection; made of Portuguese cotton.
A new line from Edie Parker. The top comes off to reveal an ashtray.
By Alessandra Baldereschi, a flameworked piece for Ichendorf Milano.
A symbolic hippo adoption from WWF comes with this plushie.
It’s huge at five and a half feet long.
A portion of each scarf purchase is donated to local AIDS organizations.
An almost-16-inch-tall replica made by Andalusian artisans.
If they miss the tactile feel of a hardware keyboard, they’ll love typing messages with Clicks’ retro keyboard case.
The latest batch of single malt from Tenmile Distillery upstate.
Rentrayage’s recycled-glass pieces are designed to look like plastic party cups.
Elegant satin slippers from Taiwan.
A pocket-size version of the French boar-bristle brush that some are calling the new Mason Pearson.
Made from heirloom peaches harvested in the Rhône Valley in July; pairs well with bubbly.
Inspired by Greek and Roman myths; cast in porcelain by Marcie McGoldrick.
The newest fishing rod from Ugly Stik, available in ultralight-to-medium-heavy strength.
Maria La Rosa’s flower-adorned knee-high socks are made with a silky merino wool.
The Folio Society makes beautifully packaged editions of classics.
Yamazaki’s storage ladder in forest green, made in collaboration with the Strategist.
Her name is Hyacinth, and she comes with a brush.
Therabody’s latest very portable skin-care device features cold and heated therapy.
A teeny-tiny Magic Wand vibrator with plenty of power.
Wear it on your wrist or use the Tamagotchi-esque case to hang it from a backpack.
An unobtrusive design and cushy wing tips make these earbuds comfortable to sleep in — even on your side.
Ivan McClellan photographed contemporary Black rodeo culture from Texas to Compton.
This tea-towel set includes one adorned with a recipe for the very British dessert Eton mess as well as a more understated blue-and-white-striped cloth.
Nineties Naomi Campbell photographed by Ellen von Unwerth, printed on a silk twill scarf for the V&A’s gift shop.
John Derian’s by-the-cash-register brooches are handcrafted and also come in the shape of a horse, snake, or crab.
 This three-step skin-care routine from Futurewise is vegan (meaning no snails) and deeply hydrating.
For a little lounger.
Five doll-size renditions of the brand’s most famous chairs — each in Barbie’s favorite shade.
Sewn from deadstock fabric sourced in Cambodia and Thailand.
It folds easily, and the top is made of easy-to-clean aluminum.
A first for Autumn Sonata in its signature Portuguese terrycloth.
A trapezoidal creation from sustainable Japanese textile brand Mate Mono.
A French pair that can be personalized with a name or date.
Part of a 120-piece collaboration with Serax emblazoned with the daintiest watercolor-inspired florals.
Hand-painted from Egyptian line Malaika.
The Urban Decay palette that launched a million smoky-eye tutorials and YouTube channels is back.
Fenty does hair care now.
Colognes from the ’90s (like this one from Jean Paul Gaultier) are suddenly super-popular among the Gen Alpha set.
A worn-in-feeling shirt with added stretch for comfort.
Extremely sharp in a shocking color.
Kiddos can wear radishes on Mondays and pasta on Tuesdays with this Rachel Antonoff x Little Spoon puffer that has cat ears on the hood.
The singer’s latest foray into (a cherry-and-chocolate scented) perfume.
Vibram’s newest model, the V-Lynx, is meant for wetter and colder climates.
Suitable for children as young as 10 months.
Soft light emanates from this Peppa Pig nightlight, made by Amsterdam design studio Mr Maria.
Apparently sleeping in cashmere socks lowers the body temperature.
The WS-B1000 has the ability to track steps.
Trippy masterpiece by Moroccan surrealist Ahmed Yacoubi, available in paperback for the first time.
A collaboration between streetwear brand Ojos and TikTok-famous bedding company Gata.
A faux-cane bin from British brand Pentreath & Hall.
Bottles from the oft-overlooked Portuguese oil-producing regions of Alentejo and Trás-os-Montes.
With notes of basil, bergamot, and lemon from Astier de Villatte.
A nylon bag that folds down to just three and a half inches wide and clips onto a key chain.
With fold-down sides and 18 wall pockets, Parallelle’s travel makeup bag will end their rummaging for good.
All summer, the LES was crawling with girls in their Charlie Beads bloomers.
Includes volumes one to six and 16 art cards packaged in a holographic metallic box.
Creamy, shimmery eye crayons from Euphoria makeup artist Donni Davy’s line.
Finally, a kit that doesn’t make you look like a Power Ranger.
This towel from G. McGee makes it easy to play a round by the water.
The Nice Fleet specializes in tasteful inflatables.
Even after it burns, this candle — found at cool downtown home shop Bomi — keeps its egg shape.
A collaboration with Tate.
A sampler pack from Taiwanese restaurant Din Tai Fung, including pork, vegan, and chocolate buns.
Designer Nena Hansen reworks vintage into plus-size pieces like this bungee-cord cutout shirt.
Thank you for subscribing and supporting our journalism. 
    If you prefer to read in print, you can also find this article in the November 18, 2024, issue of
    New York Magazine.
Want more stories like this one? Subscribe now
    to support our journalism and get unlimited access to our coverage. 
    If you prefer to read in print, you can also find this article in the November 18, 2024, issue of
    New York Magazine.
By submitting your email, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Notice and to receive email correspondence from us.
The Strategist is designed to surface useful, expert recommendations for things to buy across the vast e-commerce landscape. Every product is independently selected by our team of editors, whom you can read about here. We update links when possible, but note that deals can expire and all prices are subject to change.
Every product is independently selected by (obsessive) editors. Things you buy through our links may earn us a commission.
Have an Account?