Rihanna has received backlash for holding her son upside down.
The Fenty Beauty creator recently went viral for celebrating her two-year-old son RZA’s birthday with her younger son Riot and her beau A$AP Rocky. In pictures, Rihanna can be seen dangling RZA in the air while holding onto his legs.
The room erupted in “Happy Birthday” as the happy family celebrated his milestone occasion. However, fans on social media spoke out against the singer and accused her for holding her son the wrong way round.
READ MORE: Click for more brilliant Daily Star showbiz stories
READ MORE: Desperate Housewives raunchy scenes – maid costume, kitchen sex and wet T-shirt
One critic wrote: “Nobody asked the kid if they want to play and this can lead to burst capillaries in the brain,” while someone else quipped: “They just want a reaction.” Mai FM reported that someone said it is “not the right way to hold a young child” as another person questioned: “Why is Rihanna holding her son like that?!”
Mai FM continued to report that one critic said: “Flipping a baby upside down while everybody singing happy birthday is a little weird…love.” However, someone came to Rihanna’s defence and tweeted: “I know that baby was enjoying [it] and was like: ‘Do it again, mommy.’ Kids love that typa sh**,” as another person said: “They’re just playing, what’s the big fuss about.”
A$AP Rocky went on to later share pictures from their birthday celebrations where he was the one holding RZA upside down. Interestingly, his comments were flooded with request for a new album from both parents among happy birthday messages for their child, not comments about holding him by his feet.
The singer recently hit the headlines for her latest Puma campaign, which saw her dress up in a crazy outfit made entirely of moss, twigs and leaves. This look may be her weirdest outfit ever, consisting of brown, grey and green natural matter along her legs, torso and arms.
Even Rihanna’s hair was bursting with twigs and foliage as she posed on top of a giant black tyre. She held one hand out to the side and gazed into the distance while surrounded by green fields and tall trees hidden in the darkness.
The Daily Star is now on WhatsApp and we want you to join us!
Through the app, we'll send you the sassiest showbiz stories, some naught headline and a seismic smattering of aliens...along with the latest breaking news of course.
To join our community, all you have to do to join is click on this link, select 'Join Chat' and you're in!
No one will be able to see who has sign up and no one can send messages except for the Daily Star team. We also treat our community members to competitions, special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners.
If you don’t like our community, you can check out any time you like. To leave our community click on the name at the top of your screen and choose Exit group. If you’re curious, you can read our Privacy Notice.
CLICK HERE TO JOIN
Have you joined Threads? Follow Daily Star to keep up to date on all things showbiz here
Want all the biggest Showbiz and TV news straight to your inbox? Sign up for our free Daily Star Showbiz newsletter
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.