By LAURA CRAIK 
 Published:  22:00, 16 October 2024   |  Updated:  22:03, 16 October 2024   
 48
View  comments
The feathers were fake, and the lingerie as skimpy as ever. But both were on grand display on Tuesday night in New York, as the Victoria's Secret fashion show returned with much pomp after a six-year hiatus.
The casting of 52 models – among them were stellar names including Kate Moss, Gigi and Bella Hadid, Tyra Banks and Carla Bruni – was an exercise in race, age, gender and body diversity.
Plus-size models Ashley Graham and Paloma Elsesser and transgender stars Valentina Sampaio and Alex Consani ensured that the event was far more inclusive than in previous years. So how old is too old to model in the fabled lingerie show that famously 'broke' the internet when it was first streamed live in 1999?
In 2024, the correct answer is: 'You're never too old.'
Making her Victoria's Secret debut was Kate, 50, dressed in a corseted black bustier worn with a sheer lace dress and feathered black angel wings.
Kate Moss, 50, made her Victoria's Secret debut in a corseted black bustier worn with a sheer lace dress and feathered black angel wings
Plus-size models like Ashley Graham (seen) ensured that the fashion show was far more inclusive than in previous years
Transgender star Alex Cosani also appeared in Brooklyn, New York, yesterday
She was joined by Carla, another newbie 'angel' at 56. Wearing a rose lace balconette body stocking, a black corset and beaded wings, the Italian supermodel admitted backstage that it was her 'first and probably her last' appearance in the show.
Then there was Tyra, 50, making a comeback 19 years after her last VS appearance, in black crystal-studded leggings, a black and silver bustier and metallic cape.
How things change. Throughout the 2000s, a model would have been lucky to be cast if she was pushing 35.
And back then, tales of the gruelling physical exercise and strict dieting regimes required to become an 'angel' were legendary – often documented by the 'angels' themselves.
But if six years is a long time in fashion, it's a lifetime in the lingerie world.
Once the go-to destination for push-up bras and lacy Brazilian knickers, in recent years Victoria's Secret has found itself competing with newcomers such as Savage x Fenty, launched by Rihanna in 2018, and SKIMS, the shapewear brand co-owned by Kim Kardashian.
While Victoria's Secret still has in excess of 1,370 stores, its market share has declined sharply. Critics say the lingerie giant has failed to move with the times, and that its values are woefully outdated. Women, they claim, want different things from their underwear these days, such as comfort and utility.
These women, it's fair to say, still won't be hot-footing it to Victoria's Secret any time soon.
There wasn't much utility to be found in the mesh body stockings, rhinestone-encrusted thongs and star-shaped nipple covers, known as pasties, that appeared in the 'rock' section of the show. But lingerie means different things to different women.
Lila Moss, 22-year-old daughter of Kate, walks the runway during the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show 2024 at Duggal Greenhouse
Bella and Gigi Hadid were among the other famous faces on the New York runway
Tyra Banks, 50, made a comeback 19 years after her last VS appearance, in black crystal-studded leggings, a black and silver bustier and metallic cape
And for those for whom it means shopping for a little red something for the festive season, the show's crimson-themed section would leave them spoilt for choice, provided they didn't have to run for the No 56 bus.
Supermodel sisters Gigi and Bella both wore red, Gigi in a high-cut lace bodysuit and Bella in a red push-up bra and bikini knickers teamed with a feathered cape. 
Italian model Vittoria Ceretti, whose boyfriend is the actor Leonardo DiCaprio, wore a red ruched bustier and matching red pants. They were serenaded by a live performance from Cher, one of three female artists to perform at the multi-million-dollar show.
While the show will inevitably have its critics, if this stringently executed melange of diversity, inclusion, feather and frill fails to turn around the brand's fortunes, then nothing will.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have been moderated in advance.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group