The superstar has been asked by fans the status of her R9 album since her eighth album Anti dropped in 2016.

													By
												

	Heran Mamo


Rihanna recently went viral for hilariously rapping and dancing along to GloRilla‘s “TGIF” single — with A$AP Rocky‘s reaction being a meme in and of itself — and on Tuesday (July 2), Glo posted a DM from RiRi herself containing a “wild hypothetical” question.

	“You got all summer sis!” the Fenty mogul wrote to the “Yeah Glo!” hitmaker, who shared the DM on the last slide of an Instagram carousel from her 2024 BET Awards afterparty. “I know dis wild hypothetical, but when the album drop?”

	










	The superstar has been asked by fans the status of her ninth album basically since her eighth project Anti dropped in 2016, but R9‘s whereabouts continue to be a mystery. Earlier in June, Rihanna wore an “I’m Retired. This Is As Dressed Up As I Get.” T-shirt, and almost a week later, she clarified to Extra that it was just a fashion statement. “They didn’t read the second line. I’m not retired, I’m just retired from dressing up — it’s a lot of effort,” Rihanna said. The “Don’t Stop the Music” hitmaker also let Entertainment Tonight know where she’s at in the process with her album. “Yeah, I’m starting over. But I don’t want to neglect the songs that I have, so I actually want to go back and listen to stuff with new ears, with my new perspective and then see what applies and what I’m still in love with,” she said.




			Trending on Billboard		






	The CMG rapper has yet to release her debut album, but Glo released her mixtape Ehhthang Ehhthang in April, which reached No. 4 on Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and No. 18 on the Billboard 200. She performed “TGIF” as well as “Yeah Glo!” and “Wannabe” with Megan Thee Stallion at the 2024 BET Awards on Sunday, where she was nominated for best female hip-hop artist and BET Her for “Yeah Glo!” 

	See Rihanna’s DM to GloRilla in the final slide below. 
A post shared by Glo Da P (@glorillapimp)
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.