By JO TWEEDY FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  14:17, 13 November 2024   |  Updated:  14:54, 13 November 2024   
 58
View  comments
The rise of Ozempic could be behind a 'concerning' return to skinny models on catwalks, the editorial director of British Vogue has said. 
Speaking to Emma Barnett on BBC Radio 4's Today programme this morning, Chioma Nnadi said the fashion industry was witnessing 'the pendulum sort of swing back to skinny being "in"'.
The latest round of Fashion Weeks, unveiling 2025 collections, saw much less physical diversity amongst catwalk models, with the body positive movement that has been embraced in recent years less prominent. 
Nnadi, who took over at British Vogue from Edward Enninful in October 2023, said the sight of so many thin models - echoing the 'Heroin Chic' of the 90s - should be a 'wake-up call' to the industry.
British Vogue's editorial director Chioma Nnadi says an increased number of skinny models at the latest round of Fashion Weeks should be a 'wake-up call' to the industry Pictured: Nnadi, left, with American Vogue Editor-In-Chief Dame Anna Wintour during London Fashion Week in February 2024
She told Barnett: 'I do think maybe perhaps Ozempic has something to do with it.
'We're in this moment where we're seeing the pendulum sort of swing back to skinny being 'in' and often these things are treated like a trend and we don't want them to be.'
When pressed by the programme on whether the blame for an increase in the use of thinner models by fashion houses could be directly attributed to weight loss jabs, she said the sight of famous faces slimming down using it was highly likely to impact the way people view their bodies. 
Celebrities using Ozempic could be fuelling how people view their bodies, said Nnadi, who was speaking on Radio 4's Today programme (Pictured: A model walks the runway at the The Attico fashion show during the Milan Womenswear Spring/Summer 2025 on September 21)
She said: 'I don't think we can pin it on any one thing. 
'I do think that Ozempic has something to do with it because we're seeing a lot of celebrities who are using it, and I think there's this shift in the culture around how we think about our bodies and how we address our bodies.'
Nnadi added that she 'didn't think there was enough representation as far as body diversity. And it felt almost like, at certain shows, the models were especially thin.
Clothing company Namilia sparked a fierce backlash after debuting 'I heart Ozempic' shirt at Berlin Fashion Week earlier this year
'Hopefully the season will be a wake-up call and it won't be that we see that kind of negative trend [and] that we see that progress.'
At Berlin Fashion Week earlier this year, Namilia, a 'provocative gender-neutral clubwear' brand beloved by celebrities like Rihanna, Cardi B, Megan Fox, and Paris Hilton, sparked severe criticism online after one its models wore a white tank top that had the words 'I heart Ozempic' sprawled across the front.  
After Namilia shared a snap of a model wearing the clothing item on Instagram, it was quickly flooded with angry comments from people who branded the brand as 'cringe' and 'distasteful' for promoting the Type-2 diabetes drug-turned-popular weight loss aid.
The prospect of observing a body-inclusive fashion show was not so long ago a viable option.
Kate Moss was seen as a poster girl for Heroin Chic in the '90s
However, the Spring/ Summer 2025 runways have presented a starkly different reality where inclusivity has dwindled, with the fashion industry returning to the formerly prevalent ultra-thin aesthetic.
The Vogue Business inclusivity report found the body positivity movement has 'lost steam in mainstream culture as the pendulum has swung back to the glamorisation of thinness'.
It's largely credited to Ozempic, the semaglutide touted as a miracle weight-loss fix, leading public figures to shed pounds which, therefore, has impacted recent Fashion Week shows.
The research found that of the 8,763 looks presented over 208 shows, 0.8 per cent were plus-size (UK 16+), 4.3 per cent were mid-size (UK 8-14), meaning 94.9 per cent were straight-size (US 2-6).
While plus-size representation remained at the same level as last season at 0.8 per cent, there seemed to be additional straight-size models at the thin end of the scale.
The number of plus and mid-size models walking for luxury brands declined. From 67 looks, Miu Miu had 94 per cent straight size looks, zero per cent plus size, and six per cent mid-size looks.
Meanwhile, 91.8 per cent of Hermes ensembles were exhibited on straight-sized models, 3.9 per cent on mid-sized, and 1.6 per cent on plus-sized.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group