Premium lingerie brand Bluebella has started its sale and has lowered prices on signature intimate sets. To make shopping the savings easier, founder Emily Bendell has shared some of her favourites.
The luxury and fast-forward lingerie label recently launched a new campaign that embraces the change in season and the blooming of our natural and urban surroundings.
With designs inspired of soft floral petals and featuring bold cut-out patterns, the collection quickly became a favourite amongst fans. Influencers even wore the popular Orla Wired Bodysuit in fuchsia pink, now down to £30 from £44, as an outerwear piece and paired it with timeless denim.
READ MORE: M&S' magic shaping leggings hailed 'great all rounder' to smooth out bumps
For all our top picks and deals, see here
The sale includes lingerie separates, bodysuits, pyjamas, as well as accessories like suspender belts and harnesses. Emily, who created the brand with a vision to champion innovation, inclusivity and exceptional style, has shared three of her top picks.
The Trinity bra is here to make a statement and demand attention - the wide, bold straps contradicts with the soft mesh cup is something that you don't often see in lingerie designs.
If you are a fuller bust girl, you don't have to worry about sacrificing comfort for looks because these straps not only provide a unique and eye-catching design element but also offer exceptional support and comfort.
You can unleash its full potential by styling with the matching Trinity Thong (now £10, was £18) and Trinity Thigh Harness (now £15, was £26).
This Thalia bran is a minimalist's dream come true. The strong directional lines create an undeniable visual impact, but also flatters your shape with the expertly placed straps and mesh elements.
The underwired cup can lift your boobs and give them the best support in the most striking look. Shoppers can save £20 and get the bra for under £30.
Style it with the matching Thalia pieces like the provocative open-back brief, £22, for a look to inspire your provocative pursuits.
If you are not a fan of bold looks, Emily recommended this Astra bra for those who prefer soft, lace lingerie. The gorgeous Astra bra oozes floral-inspired elegance.
Displaying intricate embroidery across flattering sheer cups that create a nude illusion, this undeniably feminine piece is next-level lingerie.
Complete with discreet gold-tone hardware and supportive wiring, the bra impresses on its own, but nothing can compare to the impact it makes when styled with the rest of the Astra collection.
Other than Bluebella, Ann Summers is offering up to 30% off sale includeing recent designs from the new erotic collection featuring the Fat Boy Full Fat Squad. The Icon Padded Plunge Bra is now half-price at £18.
Fashion fans can also shop Rihanna's new lingerie launch on Savage Fenty and enjoy up to 60% off when they take a quiz online.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.