Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
Pop star Rihanna is gearing up for the much-anticipated release of her first album in eight years, and there's a buzz around her possibly being in discussions for a spot on the main stage at Glastonbury Festival.
The singer has been thrown back into the spotlight ahead of her forthcoming music since her album Anti debuted in January 2016. The prolonged wait has seen Rihanna's fans growing increasingly eager, with the Barbadian artist acknowledging they have indeed been waiting a long time.
 However, insiders now suggest the album might be released within months and that 2025 is shaping up to be an enormous year for Rihanna, which could see her taking the stage at the legendary Glastonbury Festival, reports the Mirror. It's understood she's been collaborating with some high-profile producers such as Diplo and Alesso for her anticipated musical comeback. 
Read more:
'Dead birds everywhere' as catapult attackers horrify Clevedon
Tom Cruise and singer “inseparable” since meeting at Glastonbury Festival
Sources have also hinted at an extensive world tour next year. It was claimed: "Rihanna has been back in the studio for a while now and things are finally coming together. Historically, she releases her albums in the last few months of the year, but the slow pace of vinyl production means the release date will likely be later than she would have liked.
"Either way, 2025 is set to be her year with a giant tour in the works with Live Nation and yes, Glastonbury is back on the table," they disclosed to The Sun.
With her previous album Anti coming out in 2016, admirers have been in suspense for nearly ten years. Despite numerous teases over the years, fans have been left waiting for Rihanna to actually release new music.
Rihanna has been dropping hints about her highly anticipated new album, revealing that her long-term A$AP Rocky might feature on it as they iron out the final details. The power couple, parents to sons RZA and Riot, have admitted that Rihanna's fresh tracks were "so good" that they were causing a disagreement in the studio.
"I already got stuff that I feel like I can make hits out of. Me and Rocky are really trying to figure out who is going to use what," she shared with Entertainment Tonight. Earlier, Rihanna teased fans with enigmatic snippets about her upcoming work, stating that although no songs had been penned, she had envisioned "visuals" for each track.
"It's weird. My brain is working backward right now. I usually have the music first, and the music leads me into all of these visual opportunities, and now I'm having all of these visuals. But maybe that's the key, this time. Maybe the visual ideas are leading me to the songs that I need to make," Rihanna explained to Interview magazine back in February.
Join Somerset Live’s WhatsApp community for top stories and breaking news sent directly to your phone
Somerset Live is now on WhatsApp and we want you to join our community.
Through the app, we’ll send the latest breaking news, top stories, exclusives and much more straight to your phone.
To join our community you need to already have WhatsApp. All you need to do is click this link and select ‘Join Community’.
No one will be able to see who is signed up and no one can send messages except the Somerset Live team. 
We also treat community members to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. If you don’t like our community, you can check out at any time you like.
To leave our community, click on the name at the top of your screen and choose ‘Exit group’.
If you’re curious, you can read our Privacy Notice.
Click here to join our WhatsApp community.