By George Lujack
December 22, 2024
Is the Antimessiah (Antichrist) alive today in the year 2024? Scripture Truth Ministries believes that he is. Is the Antimessiah (Antichrist) Barack Obama, Donald Trump, Benjamin Netanyahu, Emmanuel Macron, or King Charles III of England, as some speculate? No.
Scripture Truth Ministries believes that the Antimessiah (Antichrist) was recently born, is a European Jew, and will reign for 7 years from 2055-2062.
This ministry believes that Satan has signaled the birth of the Antimessiah (Antichrist), just as God announced the birth of the Messiah (Christ) (Isaiah 9:6-7, Matthew 1:18-25). Satan is not God, but as the god of this world – a counterfeit god, he imitates some of God’s practices.
How has Satan signaled the birth of the Antimessiah (Antichrist)? Through the popular cultural 2023 and 2024 Super Bowl Halftime Shows.
A notably pregnant pop star, Rihanna, dressed in all red in the 2023 Super Bowl halftime show, was followed by a no-longer-pregnant Alicia Keys, dressed similarly in all red in the 2024 Super Bowl halftime show. Could this be a Satanic message announcing the birth of the Antimessiah (Antichrist)?
Scripture Truth Ministries believes that the Antimessiah (Antichrist) is probably the Rothschild baby boy born to Nicky Hilton Rothschild and James Rothschild in June of 2022, whose unique first name ‘Chasen’ had been withheld from the public for 22 months.[i]
Chasen is a name meaning huntsman. Chasen sounds and spells similar to Chosen, and this baby may indeed be the chosen one whom the elitists of this world will raise and groom to be the Antimessiah (Antichrist). “Chasen” and “Rothschild” are both Jewish surnames. Remember the words of Yeshua (Jesus)…
JOHN 5:43 (NKJV) [WITH INTERPRETATION]:
“I have come in My Father’s name [YESHUA = YAH SAVES], and you [JEWS OF ISRAEL] do not receive Me [AS YOUR MESSIAH]; if another comes in his own [JEWISH SUR]name, him you will receive [AS YOUR MESSIAH].”
Why will the nation of Israel receive a Rothschild as their Messiah? The Rothschild family is a wealthy Ashkenazi Jewish noble banking family originally from Frankfurt, Germany. The Rothschild family reportedly has an estimated net worth of between $1.2 trillion and $20 trillion. The Rothschilds have had a long history of supporting the creation of the Jewish State of Israel. The Jews of Israel rejected their suffering Messiah, Yeshua (Jesus), and will receive a worldly conquering king as their Messiah.
Scripture Truth Ministries believes that the Rothschild baby boy is probably the Antimessiah (Antichrist), but not 100% sure. Israel owes its existence to the Rothschild family, and it’s very conceivable that Israel will accept a Rothschild as their Messiah. The Rothschilds have always been about attaining money and power by any means, and power and control are what the Antimessiah (Antichrist) will desire. The Antimessiah (Antichrist) will be positively identified when he sits in the rebuilt temple of Israel and declares himself to be God.
2 THESSALONIANS 2:3-4 (NKJV) [WITH INTERPRETATION]:
Let no one deceive you by any means; for that Day will not come unless the falling away comes first, and the man of sin [THE ANTIMESSIAH (ANTICHRIST)] is revealed, the son of perdition, who opposes and exalts himself above all that is called God or that is worshiped, so that he sits as God in the [REBUILT] temple of God, showing himself that he is God.

The Jews of Israel will initially receive the Antimessiah (Antichrist) as their Messiah, but when he erects the image of the beast / abomination of desolation idol on the Temple Mount site in Jerusalem and demands that the world worship this image (Matthew 24:15), the Jews of Israel,  remembering their lesson from the golden calf incident at Mt. Sinai (Deuteronomy 9:7-21) and after hearing the testimony of the two witnesses Revelation 11:3), will reject the Antimessiah (Antichrist) as their Messiah. Many Jews will be killed, but a remnant will flee to the Israeli wilderness mountains to a place that has been prepared for them by people of God (Revelation 12:6).
Some may be disturbed that someone would speculate and post “innocent” baby pictures of who the Antimessiah (Antichrist) may be. After all, it can be emotionally reasoned that all babies are innocent. Yet we are called to watch for the signs, and this child may very well one day assume the role of the Antimessiah (Antichrist). Adolph Hitler, likewise, began his life as an innocent baby boy and afterward became the monster responsible for millions of deaths through the Holocaust and World War II.
RECAP
The speculation that Chasen Rothschild may be the Antimessiah (Antichrist) is conjecture based on the following compilation of circumstantial pieces of evidence:
Yeshua (Jesus) meant the following:
“I have come in My Father’s name [YESHUA = YAH SAVES], and you [JEWS OF ISRAEL] do not receive Me [AS YOUR MESSIAH]; if another comes in his own [JEWISH SUR]name, him you will receive [AS YOUR MESSIAH].” – John 5:43 [WITH INTERPRETATION]
5. The Rothschild family has historically sought the praise and worship of men. The Rothschild family is a self-proclaimed “Jewish ‘noble’ banking family” whose corrupt banking practices include funding both sides in wars and crashing markets with misinformation to buy up cheap stock shares. The 1917 Balfour Declaration issued by the British government was a letter addressed to Walter Rothschild that begins with three words, “Dear ‘Lord’ Rothschild.”
The Antimessiah (Antichrist) will exalt himself above God and seek the worship of men
(2 Thessalonians 2:3-4).
6. This Rothschild baby boy’s name was withheld from the general public for 22 months after his birth.[ii] This is a possible indication that this Rothschild baby boy is being raised in extreme secrecy and is being groomed to be the world leader known as the Antimessiah (Antichrist).
7. Chasen Rothschild was born in June 2022, the sixth month on the Gregorian calendar, with six being Satan’s signature number.
Is Chasen Rothschild the foretold Antimessiah (Antichrist)? It is prophetic speculation at this point. The world will soon know.
© 2024 George Lujack – All Rights Reserved
E-Mail George Lujack: georgelujack@gmail.com
Footnotes:
[i] The News International, “Nicky Hilton finally announces name of 22-month-old son,” March 16, 2024,
https://www.thenews.com.pk/latest/1168755-nicky-hilton-finally-announces-name-of-22-month-old-son
[ii] New York Post Page Six, “Nicky Hilton reveals son’s ‘unusual’ name nearly 2 years after giving birth,” Gostin, Nicki, March 16, 2024, https://pagesix.com/2024/03/16/parents/nicky-hilton-reveals-sons-name-nearly-2-years-after-his-birth/
Your Name 
Email (required) *
Your Name Email (required) *Constant Contact Use. Please leave this field blank.By submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: . You can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the SafeUnsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. Emails are serviced by Constant Contact
Your Name 
Email (required) *