Haircuts are often viewed as a way of letting go, which is why for some people, the shorter the better. We've seen plenty of people lob it all off in the name of turning over a new leaf, and if the bob is just not dramatic enough for you — or if you just can't be bothered with washing, drying, and styling a longer cut — a liberating pixie cut could be right up your alley.  
Pixie haircuts have always been popular, especially with celebrities. We've seen Rihanna, Taylor Hill, Florence Pugh, and Zoey Deutch, to name a few, take the plunge with the dramatic chop, and that's only a small sampling. If you've been thinking about making a big hair change, read on for more info about what the pixie cut is, how to style it, and who it works best on.  
A pixie cut, also known as pixie crop, is a haircut that is usually no more than three inches in length. It's shorter at the back and sides of the head, but longer in the front. The great news is that pixie haircuts look great on all face shapes, but round, heart shaped, and oval faces are extremely well-suited for pixie cuts. If you have more of a round-shaped face, a pixie cut with bangs would be a great option. The style also works on all hair types and textures.  
Though you may not be able to experiment with updos, braids, and ponytails, pixie hairstyles still offer plenty of versatility. The cut itself can be androgynous and edgy with shaved sections and sharp lines, or softer and more romantic with longer bangs or a clever part that can be adapted to give you different looks. You can go wild with product to spike it up, slick it down, or add texture and curl, and you can also experiment with wild new colors. Overall, styling the look is fairly low-key and won't take up too much of your time. However, it's important to note that a pixie cut does require frequent trips to the salon for trims in order to keep the length short and cropped.  
For a little Insta-inspiration, see how our favorite takes on the pixie cut, then get that salon appointment booked. 
A pixie hairstyle typically features hair that is no more than three inches in length. It's shorter at the back and sides of the head but longer in the front. 
Those with round faces who want to try a pixie cut should consider a pixie cut with bangs. Wispy bangs or light layers will make the face appear more narrow.
Microbangs are always a fun choice, but they look especially stunning when paired with the short crop of a pixie cut.
Pixie cuts look great on curly hair because natural waves can give the hair a tousled look without having to do too much when it comes to styling.
Pixie hairstyles look great on all face shapes, but they work especially well for round faces. This example is shown with microbangs. 
Blond pixie cuts, whether highlights or an all-over color, look great and are extremely eye-catching.
If you're looking for a fun way to update your hair without cutting it, try adding highlights. Highlights will give your hair texture and depth, and you can choose whether you want to maintain a subtle look or go for something more daring. 
Styling a pixie cut will be a breeze if you have naturally straight hair. If you want more volume, just add a little texturizing spray or pomade to the top layers. Otherwise, feel free to air dry. 
One thing to note is that pixie cuts require frequent trips to the salon to maintain their short appearance. However, they also look cute during the grow-out process, as shown here. 

— Additional reporting by Renee Rodriguez

Gemma Cartwright is a former senior editor at PS UK. 
Renee Rodriguez is a staff writer and social producer for PS. She writes across all verticals, but her main areas of expertise focus on fashion and beauty content with an emphasis on reviews and editor experiments. She also produces social content for the PS TikTok and Instagram accounts.