Two suspects summoned for questioning by the judge investigating Liam Payne’s death have declined to testify.
Alleged dealer Braian Nahuel Paiz and Ezequiel David Pereyra, a former employee at the Buenos Aires hotel where the singer lost his life, said they were “retaining their right to remain silent” during their Zoom quiz yesterday in front of Laura Bruniard.
Braian had told an Argentine TV journalist last month he had consumed marijuana and the former One Direction musician had taken cocaine during a rendezvous at the CasaSur Palermo Hotel where Liam was staying shortly before the singer’s death, but he insisted in his interview with Guillermo Panizza on Telefe Noticias: “I never took drugs to him or accepted any money.”
READ MORE: Mariah Carey autographs Rihanna's boobs in middle of crowd in very cheeky moment
READ MORE: Click for more brilliant Daily Star showbiz stories
Pereyra, 21, identified locally as the hotel worker suspected of delivering drugs to Liam in a Dove soap box, has made no public comment so far since it emerged he had been placed under formal investigation. Argentinian media are reporting the court quizzes will continue and finish tomorrow [19 December] when the singer’s close friend Rogelio ‘Roger’ Nores, hotel chief receptionist Esteban Grassi and head of security Gilda Martin are questioned.
Mr Nores told a TMZ documentary examining the life and death of Liam Payne which aired earlier this week that he was “in good spirits and perfectly balanced” the day he died, as he refuted claims the singer was acting erratically and was intoxicated shortly before his October 16 fatal fall from his third-floor hotel balcony.
The businessman has previously protested his innocence after being named locally as one of the men under investigation.He said in a statement last month: “I never abandoned Liam, I went to his hotel three times that day and left 40 minutes before this happened.
Come and join The Daily Star on Bluesky, the social media site set up by ex-Twitter boss Jack Dorsey. It's now the new go-to place for content after a mass exodus of the Elon Musk-owned Twitter/X.
Fear not, we're not leaving Twitter/X, but we are jumping on the bandwagon. So come find our new account on https://bsky.app/profile/dailystar.co.uk, and see us social better than the rest.
You can also learn more about The Daily Star team in what Bluesky calls a “Starter Pack”.
So what are you waiting for?! Let's M.S.M.F.A (Make Social Media Fun Again)
“There were over 15 people at the hotel lobby chatting and joking with him when I left. I could have never imagined something like this would happen. I’ve given my statement to the prosecutor on October 17 as a witness and I haven't spoken to any police officer or prosecutor ever since. I wasn't Liam's manager. He was just my very dear friend."
Mr Grassi and Mr Martin have been identified as two of the three men pictured carrying Liam back up to his room from his hotel lobby shortly before his third-floor balcony plunge in the last harrowing photo of the 31-year-old Brit to emerge.
Public prosecutors in Argentina have yet to make any official comment about the court quizzes that have taken place so far and no more details have emerged about the decision of the first two suspects to stay silent. It was not immediately clear this morning if Mr Paiz would be remanded in custody.
The Daily Star is now on WhatsApp and we want you to join us!
Through the app, we'll send you the sassiest showbiz stories, some naught headline and a seismic smattering of aliens...along with the latest breaking news of course.
To join our community, all you have to do to join is click on this link, select 'Join Chat' and you're in!
No one will be able to see who has sign up and no one can send messages except for the Daily Star team. We also treat our community members to competitions, special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners.
If you don’t like our community, you can check out any time you like. To leave our community click on the name at the top of your screen and choose Exit group. If you’re curious, you can read our Privacy Notice.
CLICK HERE TO JOIN
Have you joined Threads? Follow Daily Star to keep up to date on all things showbiz here
Want all the biggest Showbiz and TV news straight to your inbox? Sign up for our free Daily Star Showbiz newsletter
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.