By CHRISTINE RENDON and CARLY JOHNSON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  21:33, 15 November 2024   |  Updated:  21:49, 15 November 2024   
 537
View  comments
Taylor Swift injected some spice into her dance routine as she took her Eras tour to Toronto on Thursday. 
The songstress, 34, added two sexy hip dips to the choreography for Look What You Made Me Do while performing at the Rogers Centre in Canada.
While crouching on a platform surrounded by her backup dancers, she seductively dropped down twice in succession - a slight yet sexier change-up to the same dance routine seen during her Eras Tour concert film.
The star, who has been dating Kansas City Chiefs player Travis Kelce for over a year now, wore the same costume she ordinarily sports during that particular routine - a single shoulder black bodysuit.
A Taylor fan account posted the moment to X with the song title in their tweet and three flame emojis. 
Taylor Swift injected some spice into her dance routine as she took her Eras tour to Toronto
One fan was impressed by the physicality of the choreography: 'My knees could never,' they commented. 
Another noted how she was giving her all to the performance: 'She's giving,' they noted.  
'Great performance,' another commended. 
Another offered a mixed review of the clip: 'That's a sexy dance,' they wrote with a wide-eyes, sick person, and barf emoji.
Travis and Swift's extremely public relationship began last year, with the pop star first attending one of the Chiefs star's games in September 2023. 
Swift has attended 17 Chiefs games since the beginning of her relationship with Kelce, with Kansas City holding a 14-3 record in those games.
Swift has attended every Chiefs home game this season, with Kansas City holding a 5-0 record in those games.
The Chiefs are the NFL's lone unbeaten at 9-0, and they'll face their toughest test of the season on Sunday afternoon against the Buffalo Bills.
🏟| Look What You Made Me Do 🔥🔥🔥 #TorontoTSTheErasTour pic.twitter.com/WlyH7r7OSE
While crouching on a platform surrounded by her backup dancers, she seductively dropped down twice in succession
The move was a slight yet sexier change-up to the same dance routine seen during her Eras Tour concert film
She wore her usual costume for the routine - a single shoulder bodysuit
While crouching on a platform surrounded by her backup dancers, she seductively dropped down twice in succession - a slight yet sexier change-up to the same dance routine seen during her Eras Tour concert film
The moment was posted by a Taylor Swift fan account which acknowledged the hot performance with three flame emojis
One fan posted with a string of overheated emojis
Another was impressed by the physicality of the performance
One praised Taylor's dedication to the routine 
Fans weighed in on the moment on X
One offered a mixed review by describing it as a 'sexy dance' but adding a barf emoji
Swift could attend her first road game of the season, as she is performing in Toronto on both ends of the game during the Canadian leg of the 'Eras Tour'.
Meanwhile, last week Swift earned six Grammy nods for her 11th studio album The Tortured Poets Department — including Album Of The Year — as well as for her duet with rising star Gracie Abrams. 
The 13-time Grammy winner made history this time around as she is now the first female artist to be nominated for Album Of The Year a total of seven times.
Swift thanked the 50,000 fans at Rogers Centre for supporting TTPD since its release in April as she broke her silence on the Grammy nods, admitting it is an 'emotional' album for her.
She also said she was in total disbelief to be up for six awards at the upcoming 2025 Grammys ceremony in LA — tying Sabrina Carpenter and Chappell Roan in nominations.
Swift has been dating Kansas City Chiefs player Travis Kelce for over a year now
'You guys did something so amazing over the course of the last few months. I just mean what you did with embracing The Tortured Poets Department, the album,' Swift began.
'It's truly blown my mind because its really emotional for me that this album, I wrote it during the Eras Tour.'
She spoke about the secrecy surrounding the making of the album and the lengths she went to to keep it a 'surprise' for fans.
'I wrote that album, made that album, all [while] trying to keep it a secret from you guys. And then announced the album, and then we basically were, like, working really hard to secretly put together a new chapter in the Eras Tour of The Tortured Poets Department and we wanted to surprise you with it, and we did,' Swift explained.
She credited the fans — who refer to themselves as 'Swifties' — for making The Tortured Poets Department one of her most successful albums to date.
'And you guys have been so wonderful about getting into this album and really understanding where I was coming from with it and you made it by far, the biggest debut week I've ever had of an album. And you kept that album at number one for nearly four months,' the Anti-Hero hitmaker told the crowd.
'And the most recent thing that you did, because everything that happens is a direct reflection of the passion that you show, is you guys got this album nominated for six Grammys.
'It's so unbelievable, so thank you,' Swift concluded.
On November 8, it was announced that The Tortured Poets Department had been nominated for Album Of The Year and Best Pop Vocal album.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group