E-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
Sign up for email newsletters
E-Edition
Jayden Crutcher
Elyria>>Boys basketball
Senior>>Guard
On the court: Crutcher scored 31 points to go with three rebounds, three blocks and three assists in Elyria’s 80-69 win over Solon. He is averaging 23.7 points per game through three games.
Off the court: Crutcher plans to play college basketball but is undecided on where. His favorite sports memories are last year’s conference title and ensuing tournament run. His favorite hobbies are playing video games such as “NBA 2K” and “Fortnite.” His favorite show is “Night Ranger” and favorite music is rap. His favorite food is pastelitos and his favorite team is the Mavericks.
Claire Dahler
Fairview>>Girls basketball
Freshman>>Point guard
On the court: In her first four career varsity games, Dahler averaged 12.8 points, 6.3 assists, 4.8 steals and three assists per game.
Off the court: Dahler also runs cross country and track, but her favorite sport is basketball. Her favorite basketball memory is when her SMAC AAU team made it to the final four at the Run 4 Roses Championships last summer. She has played the keyboard for seven years and her favorite hype is “Umbrella” by Rihanna. Her favorite artists are Billie Eilish, Gracie Abrams, Bruno Mars, Queen, Stevie Wonder, Fleetwood Mac and The Doors.
Kendra Hardwick
Firelands>>Girls basketball
Senior>>Point guard
On the court: Hardwick averaged 15 points, 3.6 steals and three rebounds per game in the Falcons’ first five games, leading them to a 4-1 record. Her season-high was a 20-point performance against Western Reserve to go with six steals.
Off the court: Hardwick will continue playing basketball at the next level at the University of Mount Union. She enjoys watching women’s college basketball in her free time, especially Connecticut’s Paige Bueckers. She is also a Browns fan. Her favorite basketball memories are a district semifinal game against Norton her sophomore year and breaking the single-season 3-point record as a junior. Her favorite food is salmon and favorite show is “The Vampire Diaries”. Her nickname is “Kenny” and she mostly listens to rap and R&B music.
Sierra Kobak
Avon>>Swimming and diving
Junior
In the pool: Kobak won all four of her events at the Chardon Hilltopper Invitational. She had a lifetime-best time to win the 100 IM and a season-best to win the 100 fly. She also secured victories in the 200 medley relay and 200 free relay. She played a big part in Avon’s runner-up finish.
Out of the pool: Kobak enjoys the competition and challenges in swimming and soccer. Her favorite team is the Steelers. Her favorite sports memories are winning district titles the past two years with my team and making it to the final four in soccer.
Luke Lundgard
Avon>>Swimming and diving
Freshman
In the pool: Lundgard finished as the top freshman in the 100 freestyle (third overall) and 100 backstroke (sixth) at the Chardon Hilltopper Invitational. Both were the fastest freshman times at Avon in over a decade. He also helped the Eagles finish second in the medley relay and third in the 200 free relay. The Eagles had their highest finish ever at the meet.
Out of the pool: Lundgard is never far from the water, as he spends most of his free time on Lake Erie, riding jet skis and hanging out at the beach. He loves steak and crab legs and spending time with friends. He also enjoys traveling.
Logan Peterson
Vermilion>>Boys wrestling
Senior>>165 pounds
On the mat: Peterson won five bouts over two days at the Lorain Titan Classic last weekend, including an 8-4 victory in the finals. He was named as the tournament’s most outstanding wrestler.
Andi Plowman
North Olmsted>>Girls bowling
Junior
On the lanes: Plowman averaged 191 through her first five matches with high games of 274 and 267. She led the Eagles to a victory at the 14th annual Eagle Challenge. The junior captain also holds the high average and high game in the NSBC Lake Division.
Off the lanes: Plowman’s favorite sports memory is winning the Eagle Challenge. Her favorite hobby is tennis and favorite subject is Medical Professionals. Her favorite food is Raising Canes, favorite movies are romcoms and favorite show is “The Rookie”. Her favorite artist is Bruno Mars and favorite song is “Hold You Down” by X Ambassadors.
Ryan Roberto
Olmsted Falls>>Boys wrestling
Senior>>144 pounds
On the mat: Roberto finished 6-0 in a dual against North Olmsted and the Findlay dual tournament with two pins, two tech falls and one major decision.
Off the mat: Roberto plans to become a certified EMT and firefighter after graduation. He will also continue his education to become a paramedic/nurse. One of his favorite sports memories is when he got tech falled at the district tournament in grade school and beat the same opponent later in the day to go to the state tournament.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group