Taylor Swift is set to return to Wembley Stadium this week, and fans reckon she's got a few surprises up her sleeve.
Following the singer's London shows in June, which saw her joined onstage by Travis Kelce, Hayley Williams, and Gracie Abrams, fans think she could have more special guests planned.
What's more, Swifties say they've worked out who will be joining the superstar when she plays five nights at Wembley. Fans think Ed Sheeran and Post Malone will be taking to the Eras Tour stage and they've got evidence to back up their suspicions. Taking to TikTok as @h3rm1na, one such fan made the case for their theory.
"This is why I think Ed Sheeran and Post Malone will surprise us on stage in London," they captioned a promotional photo for the tour. The picture in question was used to announce the special guests opening for the UK shows and, as the fan pointed out, featured Swiftie symbols. Two in particular, the 'Red' hat and 'TTPD' typewriter, raised suspicions.
Given Post Malone collaborated with Swift on 'Fortnight' and Ed Sheeran, another artist who has collaborated with Swift, opened for her 'Red' tour, the sleuthing Swifties think the symbols could be Easter Eggs.
Of course, it's worth noting the tour poster uses the symbols as a key for the different support acts performing at each show. "I love the concept but they're representing the openers for each night," one fan commented. Another said: "Aren't the icons just used to see which additional artist will perform that day?"
"They could mean more," @h3rm1na replied. The fan explained: "It could be an Easter egg."
Plenty more fans shared their hopes for surprise appearances too. "If Ed would be a guest at any eras show it would be the 19th tbh bc he and Maisie are super close," one fan theorised, referencing Maisie Peters, one of the talented openers confirmed for London.
"He might be there on the day Maisie Peters is there," someone agreed. "PLUS! Posty's new album is out on Friday," replied a different fan who supported the theory.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.