Gracie Abrams
Photo: Abby Waisler
The Los Angeles pop singer-songwriter will bring The Secret Of Us Tour to the UK and Europe in early 2025. 
She'll kick off the run of dates in Madrid on February 9, before heading to Lisbon, Stuttgart, Amsterdam, Hamburg, Düsseldorf, Berlin, Zurich, Milan, Paris and Brussels.
The UK and Ireland leg will take place between March 3 and 12, with stops lined up at arenas in Nottingham, Leeds, London, Manchester, Cardiff, Dublin and Glasgow, where she'll wrap up the trek at the OVO Hydro on March 12. Tickets for all dates go on general sale at 10am local time on Friday (July 19) - Compare and buy tickets here.
The tour takes its name from her latest album, 'The Secret Of Us', which was released in June and features a collaboration with Taylor Swift, who she'll support on the winter North American leg of The Eras Tour, having supported her previously on the same tour.
The sold-out North American leg of Abrams' The Secret Of Us Tour will take place this fall.
The Courteeners
Photo: Michael Clement
Fresh from announcing their seventh album, 'Pink Cactus Café', the Manchester band have scheduled shows at Glasgow's OVO Hydro, Manchester's Co-Op Live, London's O2 Academy Brixton, Leeds' First Direct Arena, Cardiff's Utilita Arena and Birmingham's Utilita Arena between November 14 and 23.
Support on all dates except London will come from Australian group DMA's, and tickets go on general sale at 9am tomorrow (July 19) - Compare and buy tickets here.
The follow-up to 2020's 'More. Again. Forever' is set to arrive on October 25 via Ignition Records. Head here for more details and to check out the first single, Solitude Of The Night Bus.
Courteeners will also play Boardmasters in Newquay on August 9, and Victorious Festival in Portsmouth on August 24.
Jamie Webster
Photo: (c) John Johnson
The Merseyside-born singer-songwriter will tour the UK and Ireland in the autumn, with shows lined up in Belfast, Dublin, Newcastle, Hull, Birmingham, London and Glasgow, where he'll wrap up the trek at the OVO Hydro on November 29. Tickets go on general sale at 10am on Friday (July 19) - Compare and buy tickets here.
Earlier in July, Webster shared the single Breadline, his first new offering since the arrival of his third album, '10 For The People', in February.
Bob Dylan
The legendary American singer-songwriter will bring the Rough and Rowdy Ways World Wide Tour back to the UK and Europe this autumn.
Following shows across mainland Europe in October, the 83-year-old will head to the UK in November for concerts in Bournemouth, Liverpool, Edinburgh, Nottingham, Wolverhampton and London, where he'll play three consecutive nights at the Royal Albert Hall. Tickets go on general sale from 9am BST on Friday (July 19) - Compare and buy tickets here.
Dylan will continue touring North America later this month with the Outlaw Music Festival, with dates running throughout August and September.
He kicked off his Rough And Rowdy Ways Tour back in 2021. It shares its name with his 39th studio album, which arrived via Columbia Records back in 2020. 
Also announced this week:
​Head here for a full list and to find your tickets.
Stereoboard Tour Dates
0 upcoming shows