Taylor Swift fans from California show off their friendship bracelets while standing outside the Caesars Superdome on Wednesday, October 23, 2024, two days before the Taylor Swift concert. (Photo by Chris Granger, The Times-Picayune)
Happy Eras Tour Weekend to those who celebrate. 
New Orleans has turned into a Taylor Swift wonderland, with the Caesars Superdome decked out in massive, one-of-a-kind friendship bracelets and Swifties from across the U.S. taking over the streets of downtown. 
Swift will play three shows this weekend, and Nola.com will be there Friday, Saturday and Sunday to keep you informed with the latest inside and outside the Dome. 
Here's what to know for Friday, Oct. 25. 
Night one of The Eras Tour in New Orleans was star studded, with Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds attending the first show. 
"Hunger Games" star Josh Hutcherson and other celebrities were also in attendance.
Swift took the stage with "Miss Americana & The Heartbreak Prince," followed by "Lover," in the opening night of the Eras Tour in New Orleans. 
Swift said New Orleans had some of the most passionate fans and was thrilled to perform here as one of her final U.S. cities for the tour.
Taylor Swift's The Eras Tour is officially underway in New Orleans, when opener Gracie Abrams took the stage at 6:45 p.m. sharp.
Abrams' first song is "Risk," and she's performing to more than 55,000 fans in the Superdome. 
During her set, Abrams told the crowd it was her first time performing in New Orleans, and she's eaten the best food she's ever had while here.
Swift is likely to take the stage by 8 p.m.
Street artists playing Taylor Swift hits were swarmed by Swifties entering the Superdome around 5 p.m. in their Eras-themed outfits. As Swift's fans swaggered into the stadium full decked out in jewels and glitter, people began their friendship bracelet trade-offs, turning strangers into friends even before the concert.
In Champion's Square, thousands of Swiftie-lovers snapped selfies, admired each other's outfits and gushed over their favorite albums. Despite the merch stands being open days before the concert, the lines seemed never-ending.
Even in 80 degree weather, fans sported Eras Tour sweatshirts and crewnecks. Some fans had hundreds of friendship bracelets, and one even had a Taylor-inspired tattoo sleeve.
Swifties from across the country reveled in the glory, ready to sing along to the three hour setlist.
Ticketmaster again dropped last-minute tickets for the Friday night Eras Tour show at the Superdome. 
The drop, which offers tickets at face value, came about an hour before doors are set to open at the Dome. The concert will likely start with opener Gracie Abrams around 6:45 p.m., followed by Swift.
The second surprise ticket drop comes a day after hundreds of Swfities snagged tickets to the attend the three concert dates in the Crescent City.
Friday's sale was only for verified fans who received access to the original Eras Tour ticket sale in August 2023.
The extra ticket drops are known to take place in the days before a concert once the stage has been set up.The drops also happened for all three nights of the Miami shows last week and for a number of concert locations during the first U.S. leg of the singer's tour.
It wasn't clear Friday if more tickets would drop for the Saturday or Sunday shows.
Swifties from across the U.S. descended on Champions Square Thursday afternoon, swapping friendship bracelets and sharing their excitement to see Swift perform.
Glitter was a main theme for outfits and face makeup Friday afternoon.
Thousands of fans were crowding outside the entrance to the Dome around 4 p.m., eagerly waiting to be let in.
Your Ticketmaster or Stubhub tickets may say the concerts start at 7 p.m., but the Superdome is suggesting Swifties get there early to explore the area and find their seats. It's possible the concerts could start 15 minutes early, following a trend seen last week for at least one Miami show.
A post shared by The Times-Picayune | NOLA.com (@nolanews)
From Bourbon Street to the Central Business District, downtown was full of Swifties as early as Friday morning who were seeing the sights, eating beignets and swapping friendship bracelets. 
People in town for the Eras Tour are expected to spend big and impact New Orleans' economy. 
Restaurants had lines out the door in the French Quarter for breakfast and lunch Friday. In the CBD, Willa Jean was standing room only for much of the morning and early afternoon. 
A post shared by Taylor Swift (@taylorswift)
Those wanting to snag official Taylor Swift merch should bring a portable fan, bottled water and sunscreen.
The lines were long Friday morning ahead of the first show. 
Check out merch prices for posters, T-shirts and sweatshirts here.
To learn more about the Eras Tour in New Orleans, click here.
Email Justin Mitchell at justin.mitchell@theadvocate.com
After more than a year of anticipation, Taylor Swift’s The Eras Tour finally came alive in New Orleans on Friday for the first of her unprecedented three sold-out shows at the Caesars Superdome.
News Tips:newstips@theadvocate.com
Other questions:subscriberservices@theadvocate.com
Need help? 
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: