"We hope this theatrical trail across the museum will inspire curious visitors to discover more about the performer, her creativity and V&A objects"
Some of Taylor Swift‘s personal items will be displayed at an upcoming exhibit at London’s Victoria & Albert Museum.
Titled Taylor Swift: Songbook Trail, the free and temporary exhibit will be made up of 13 separate installations that will map out the pop star’s life and legacy. The installations will highlight archival pieces from Swift’s career such as clothing, awards instruments and more. The exhibit is free and will run from July 27 until September 8. Visit here for more information.
Designed by Tom Piper, who previously worked on the V&A’s 2021 exhibition Alice: Curiouser And Curiouser, the installations will showcase a chapter in the ‘Bejewelled’ singer’s career. Some of the fashion items featured include Swift’s black ruffle dress from her ‘Fortnight’ music video as well as a pair of custom cowboy boots worn by the musician in 2007 while on tour with Tim McGraw and Faith Hill.
A post shared by Victoria and Albert Museum (@vamuseum)
Speaking about Taylor Swift: Songbook Trail in a statement, Kate Bailey, the museum’s senior curator, theatre and performance, said: “We are delighted to be able to display a range of iconic looks worn by Taylor Swift at the V&A this summer – each celebrating a chapter in the artist’s musical journey.
“Taylor Swift’s songs – like objects – tell stories, often drawing from art, history and literature. We hope this theatrical trail across the museum will inspire curious visitors to discover more about the performer, her creativity and V&A objects.”
In other news, Swift recently dedicated the live debut of ‘Clara Bow’ to Stevie Nicks while performing in Dublin, Ireland.
During the last of her three shows at the Aviva Stadium in Dublin (June 30), Swift performed ‘Clara Bow’ live for the first time and revealed that Fleetwood Mac‘s Stevie Nicks was present at the arena before dedicating the track to her.
Upon her arrival in Ireland last week, Swift’s welcome was highlighted by a bouquet of flowers sent by U2. In an Instagram story, Swift revealed the band had sent the flowers alongside a note that read: “Welcome back to our hometown… leave some of it standing?!!!!” The card was signed by her “fan club” — Bono, the Edge, Adam Clayton, and Larry Mullen Jr.
Swift shared the gesture, writing: “Already feeling that Irish hospitality!! @U2 thanks for always being the classiest & the coolest.” U2 aren’t the only rock icons to give their flowers to Swift – in the past week, both Cyndi Lauper and Chrissie Hynde have expressed their admiration for her.
Taylor Swift performs on stage during the “Taylor Swift | The Eras Tour” at Wembley Stadium on June 21, 2024 in London, England. (Photo by Gareth Cattermole/Getty Images)
After leaving Dublin, Swift is set to make a two-night stop in Zurich, Switzerland, before touring Italy, Germany, Poland and Austria. She’s then set to return to London to close the European leg of the ‘Eras’ tour, before heading to Canada, where she’ll be supported by Gracie Abrams.
NME were at the first UK show of the ‘Eras’ tour, which took place at Murrayfield Stadium in Edinburgh on June 7, giving the show a glowing five-star review. Hannah Mylrea wrote: “Each era is a distinct chapter. The aforementioned visuals (which are aided by distinct colour palettes) are accompanied by wardrobes of (rapidly changed, often brilliantly bespangled) costumes for Swift and her dancers, and – of course – the differing musical worlds.
“In the live setting the synth-led sound of ‘Reputation’ is rocked up, Swift’s guitarists (she’s joined on-stage by a slick six-piece band, and four backing vocalists) shredding exuberantly. In fact, ‘Look What You Made Me Do’ has never sounded better.”
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.