By HEIDI PARKER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  16:14, 20 November 2024   |  Updated:  16:21, 20 November 2024   
 11
View  comments
Taylor Swift might be working with a famous rapper.
A claim has been made that the Grammy winner will record with Kendrick Lamar for a new collaboration.
After Drake released a diss song aimed at his fellow rapper called Taylor Made Freestyle, mocking Kendrick for appearing on a remix of Taylor's hit Bad Blood in 2015 – rapping Make another 1 for the Swifties - DJ Snake has claimed the pair have reunited in the studio for a new song.
It is seemingly expected to feature on his new album.
The French-Algerian DJ and record producer – whose real name is William Sami Étienne Grigahcine - made the claim in a viral French-speaking interview and declared in English: 'World premiere.'
Kendrick had to re-record his verse for the new version of Bad Blood on last year's 1989 (Taylor's Version).
Taylor Swift might be working with a famous rapper. A claim has been made that the Grammy winner will record with Kendrick Lamar for a new collaboration. Seen in October
 Lamar seen during the Festival d'ete de Quebec in Quebec City, Canada in 2017
Both Taylor and Kendrick have shared new music produced by Jack Antonoff this year.
The hip-hop star teamed up with the studio wizard – who regularly collaborates with Taylor and worked with the pop superstar again on April's 'The Tortured Poets Department' - and producer Sounwave on his Drake diss song '6:16 in LA'.
The song sampled Al Green's 1972 song 'What a Wonderful Thing Love Is', which featured Drake's uncle, Mabon 'Teenie' Hodges, on guitar.
Last year, Kendrick won the Best Rap Album Grammy Award for the third time for his 2022 LP 'Mr. Morale and the Big Steppers'.
Currently, there is no confirmed release date for his sixth studio album.
The collection will mark his first project since departing label Top Dawg Entertainment.
Last week Swift has thanked her fans after she scored an 'unbelievable' six Grammy nominations for The Tortured Poets Department. 
Both Taylor and Kendrick have shared new music produced by Jack Antonoff this year. Seen in August 
The 34-year-old pop megastar has received nods for Album of the Year and Best Pop Vocal Album, Song of the Year, Record of the Year and Best Music Video for 'Fortnight', and Best Pop Duo/Group Performance for 'Us' featuring Gracie Abrams. And reacting to the nominations for the first time, Taylor insisted it wouldn't be possible without her loyal Swifties. 
Speaking at her concert in Toronto, Canada on Thursday (14.11.24), she began: 'You guys did something so amazing over the course of the last few months. 'I just mean what you did with embracing The Tortured Poets Department, the album. It's truly blown my mind because its really emotional for me ... this album, I wrote it during the Eras Tour.'
The 'Anti-Hero' hitmaker is grateful to her fans for 'understanding' the themes on her surprise LP - which she made amidst her ongoing 'Eras Tour'. 
 Swift performs onstage during 'Taylor Swift | The Eras Tour' at Rogers Centre on November 14, 2024 in Toronto, Ontario
She continued: 'I wrote that album, made that album, all [while] trying to keep it a secret from you guys. And then announced the album, and then we basically were, like, working really hard to secretly put together a new chapter in the Eras Tour of The Tortured Poets Department and we wanted to surprise you with it, and we did.
 'And you guys have been so wonderful about getting into this album and really understanding where I was coming from with it and you made it by far, the biggest debut week I've ever had of an album. 
'And you kept that album at number one for nearly four months. 'And the most recent thing that you did, because everything that happens is a direct reflection of the passion that you show, is you guys got this album nominated for six Grammys. It's so unbelievable, so thank you.' 
The Grammys take place in Los Angeles on February 2, 2025, and Beyonce leads the way with a whopping 11 nominations. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group