Budding football managers will have the chance to put St Mirren through their paces as a host of coveted auction lots are revealed in the renowned 12 Days of Christmas fundraiser.
The annual event, organised by the club‘s charitable foundation, offers people the chance to bid for a new auction lot every day between December 1 and 12 as the organisation raises funds for those less fortunate this Christmas.
And top of the bill for the 2024 auction is the chance to spend the day shadowing the Buddies boss Stephen Robinson.
The person with the winning bid will win an all-access pass for a family of four to spend the day with Robbo. They will have breakfast or lunch with Stephen, experience the academy and watch the players train before meeting the team and getting picture opportunities, with some signed gifts from the squad also included.
The perfect prize for Saints fans, the experience is one of a host of days out, football memorabilia, gigs and pamper packages which people can secure at auction in the coming days.
Amongst the most coveted lots are signed merchandise from recent Paisley tourist Cristiano Ronaldo and former Buddies manager Sir Alex Ferguson. For those who are more into the extraterrestrial, there will be a host of Star Wars collectables.
Renfrewshire Live, the new free app dedicated to bringing you around the clock breaking news, is now available to download.
Powered by the Paisley Daily Express, Renfrewshire Live is your go-to source for news, features and sport with live coverage provided direct to the app, seven days a week.
The dedicated team of experienced journalists, responsible for the publication of the award-winning Express, will focus on breaking news, day and night, across Renfrewshire’s towns and villages.
There is also a dedicated St Mirren section that will follow every kick of the ball with the Buddies.
Available on both Android and Apple. Download here: smarturl.it/RenfrewLiveSocial
Buddies thinking about Christmas presents for the kids will also have the chance to bid on the Family Christmas Cracker which includes a £500 Smyths voucher, SweetPunkz sweets and a Pandamonium soft play voucher, a packed food bundle to eat in places such as Elderslie Coffee Shop, Mill & Brae and to enjoy pizza and darts from Flight Club Glasgow, Festive Spirit, and a SMiSA Secret Santa.
The auction officially launches on Sunday with the ‘Saints Serenade’ lot. Kindly donated by Gleddoch Golf and Spa Resort and the SEC, the lot includes bed and breakfast in a plush four-poster room and spa treatments for two, as well as two tickets to the sold-out Gracie Abrams gig in Glasgow.
The auction lot, worth an incredible £650, will go live on the St Mirren FC Charitable Foundation Facebook and dedicated Festive Friends webpage at 8am and will close 12 hours later.
All funds raised from the 12 Days of Christmas auctions will fund the foundation’s Festive Friends initiative.
Aimed at vulnerable people in the community, Festive Friends sees hampers of festive treats, age-specific gifts and Christmas dinner delivered to older people and struggling families on Christmas Day.
It is only made possibly with the support of an army of volunteers who cook meals, pack gifts and hampers and deliver it all to hundreds of Renfrewshire homes and, crucially, those who support the 12 Days of Christmas auction.
Gayle Brannigan, chief executive of the foundation, said: “The success of the auction and proceeds raised go towards three of our most loved festive initiatives, our Football Memories Christmas party to support those with dementia & Alzheimer’s, our Festive Buddies tea party bringing people together who may be socially isolated and facing food poverty and, last but not least, Festive Friends.
“These initiatives help us take away some of the stress from Christmas, and lets folk know that they matter and are loved. That’s what Christmas is all about after all, being kind.”
The success of the auction is also hugely reliant of the generosity of local people, organisations and businesses such as Tony Fitzpatrick and Legacy Comps who donated the £500 Smyths voucher, davybubbles.com which donated the Star Wars merchandise, Manchester United legend Sir Alex who sent signed collectables and Robbo who will kindly welcome “an assistant coach” to his team for the day.
People who want to bid on a lot, or simply donate to the Festive Friends initiative can do so by clicking here where volunteers who want to help out on Christmas Day will also find registration forms.
Don't miss the latest Renfrewshire headlines – sign up to our free daily newsletter here
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.