By SHARON MAI FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  06:52, 2 November 2024   |  Updated:  06:52, 2 November 2024   
 57
View  comments
Taylor Swift kicked off the final run of her Eras Tour in Indianapolis, Indiana, on Friday.
The superstar, 34, gave an epic performance for her first of three sold-out shows as she geared up to conclude her record-breaking world tour in the United States, before heading up to Canada.
About 69,000 concertgoers gathered at Lucas Oil Stadium to witness Swift perform her eras-spanning discography.
Meanwhile, her NFL star boyfriend Travis Kelce was all smiles during team practice with his Kansas City Chiefs teammates.
She kicked off her three-hour show with her mesmerizing blue-and-gold leotard and striking gold-to-silver ombré boots. 
Taylor Swift kicked off the final run of her Eras Tour in Indianapolis on Friday. The superstar, 34, gave an epic performance for her first of three sold out shows as she geared up to conclude her record-breaking world tour in America 
About 69,000 concertgoers gathered at Lucas Oil Stadium to witness Swift perform her eras-spanning discography
Later on, she changed into her black, silver and gold striped minidress with tassels to perform her first hits. 
While performing The Man, she donned a sequin-covered black blazer with a silver pinstriped design. 
She sported sparkly black boots and strummed her rhinestone-covered guitar with her lucky number on it.
Taylor was joined by her backup dancers as she sang to the record-breaking crowd at the Indy stadium. 
While performing Speak now, she looked ethereal as she slipped into her lavender-colored gown and walked into the mist. 
For her 1989 set, she donned a monochromatic pink version of her crop top and miniskirt look. 
In the Folklore and Evermore segment of her concert, she looked striking in her scarlet dress with the flowing cape cascading around her. 
'You know, I was told some news before we took the stage tonight,' she told the audience before performing the 10-minute version of All Too Well. 
She kicked off her three-hour show with her mesmerizing blue and gold leotard and striking gold-to-silver ombré boots
While performing The Man, she donned a sequin-covered black blazer with a silver pinstriped design
She was joined by her backup dancers as she sang to the record-breaking crowd at the Indy stadium
Later on, she changed into her black, silver and gold striped minidress with tassels to perform her Fearless hits
She played her rhinestone-covered guitar with her lucky number on it
Taylor donned her 'I Bet You Think About Me' shirt for the Red era
'I was told that tonight you went ahead and broke the all-time attendance record for a concert in this stadium.'
For Indy's surprise songs in the acoustic set on the first night, Swift performed a mashup of The Albatross from The Tortured Poets Department and Holy Ground from Red (Taylor's Version) on the guitar. 
She then performed a mashup of Cold As You and Exile on the piano. 
During the acoustic set, she wore the dazzling red-and-blue dress she debuted last month in Miami. 
For the Midnights era, she was bejeweled in a sparkly pale-pink shirt dress teamed with her bright purple fuzzy coat. 
WNBA star Caitlin Clark and fellow Chiefs WAG Chariah Gordon joined the 69,000 fans at the Bejeweled hitmaker's show. 
Swift will perform her second and third concerts in Indianapolis on Saturday and Sunday with opening act Gracie Abrams.
While performing Speak now, she looked ethereal as she slipped into her lavender-colored gown and walked into the mist
She put on her black-and-gold bodysuit for Reputation
For the Folklore and Evermore segment of her concert, she looked striking in her scarlet red dress with the flowing cape cascading around her
While performing her 1989 set, she donned a monochromatic pink version of her crop top and miniskirt look
While performing TTPD, she threw on her band jacket over her dress
For Indy's surprise songs in the acoustic set on the first night, Swift performed a mashup of The Albatross from The Tortured Poets Department and Holy Ground from Red (Taylor's Version). During the acoustic set, she wore a red-and-blue dress she debuted last month
She then performed a mashup of Cold As You and Exile on piano. For her Midnights outfit, she donned her deep blue outfit with short, beaded tassels
Near the end of the show, she gushed to the stadium full of her fans and spoke about concluding her tour in Indianapolis
The three-day run in Indiana will wrap up the 14-time Grammy-winning pop star's final run in the US for her Eras Tour.
Prior to arriving in Indianapolis, she stopped at the Hard Rock Stadium in Miami and Caesars Superdome in New Orleans.
Next up, Swift will be heading to two Canadian stadiums.
She will be performing at the Rogers Centre in Toronto from November 14 through 24, followed by BC Place Stadium in Vancouver — where she will wrap up The Eras Tour from December 6 through 8.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group