Pop star Taylor Swift recently found herself in a scary situation when a fire broke out in her apartment kitchen. However, the quick-thinking singer managed to put out the flames before the situation could escalate any further.
On Instagram, Gracie Abrams recounted a frightening incident she experienced with Taylor Swift. While spending time together in Taylor’s $47 million New York home, a small fire suddenly erupted. In a video shared by Gracie, Taylor can be seen holding a fire extinguisher and asking nervously, “Wait, what do I do about this?”
This Article Includes
As soon as Gracie realized that there was a grease fire, she immediately instructed Taylor to put it out. She made it clear that using water would only make the situation worse. Despite feeling scared, Taylor remained calm during the emergency and expressed her concerns about the severity of the situation. Gracie then took charge and used a knife to cut open the fire extinguisher before pointing it towards the flames and successfully putting out the fire.
Taylor struggled with the nozzle at first, feeling frustrated as she fumbled around. But eventually, she managed to get the fire extinguisher to spray and put out the flames effectively. The duo stood in the smoke-filled kitchen, exchanging nervous laughter and disbelief as they took in what had just happened.
Upon inspecting the counter after the event, Taylor observed that some of their possessions had suffered damage. Expressing her dismay, she remarked, “Our purses are ruined… and so are my shoes… and I think the entire room has been affected.”
As the smoke filled the room, Gracie began to cough and gag. Despite this, she managed to let out a small laugh and comment on how good it smelled. As she panned the room, the camera captured a glimpse of Taylor’s cat, Benji, lounging nearby. It was the same feline that had made an appearance in Taylor’s iconic Time Person of the Year cover shoot.
Fortunately, it seems that no one, including any animals, was injured during the incident, and the duo is now able to find humor in the traumatic experience. Gracie recently reminisced about the event while promoting her new song “us,” which she co-wrote with Taylor. In an Instagram post, she wrote: “Writing this entire song from 2am to 6am was one of the most enjoyable experiences of my life. @taylorswift, now we can add ‘firefighter’ to our resumes. Love you.”
Gracie shared a delightful behind-the-scenes video clip of herself and Taylor creating their new song. During the video, Gracie skillfully played the piano while the duo sang the lyrics with infectious smiles. Taylor read the lyrics off of her phone as they created the masterpiece together.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
Mailing Address
Ponca Broadcasting LLC
PO Box 788
Ponca City, OK  74602
Street Address
1601 East Oklahoma, Ponca City, OK  74604
President/General Manager: Lyman James
Business Manager: Zoe Bowling
Sales Manager: Lyman James
Traffic Manager:  Staci Aams
Account Executive: Jeri Casey-Nash
Account Executive: Suzanne Zanardi
News Director: Jake Goodman
Afternoon News Anchor: Paul Wilson
 © 2024 Ponca Post [Reliable & Trusted Local News Source] 
© 2024 Ponca Post [Reliable & Trusted Local News Source]