“We both had an insane cough from the fire extinguisher fumes for weeks.”
 Is there anything Taylor Swift can't do? The pop superstar may bring the fire (metaphorically speaking, that is), but apparently, she's also very good at putting it out. In a recent interview with Billboard, singer Gracie Abrams recalled how Swift managed to stop a fire in her home—while drunk, no less.

Getty
 As Abrams explained, the pair had been hanging out at Swift's house, working on music, eating dinner and enjoying a few drinks, when they heard a thump. Swift assumed it was just one of her cats. It turned out, the noise had been a candle falling over.

Getty Images
 “She was such a legend," said Abrams, recalling how a tipsy Swift leapt into action to put out the fire. "I don’t know how at this hour or in our state she knew what to do. We both had an insane cough from the fire extinguisher fumes for weeks.” Apparently, the fire wasn't fully out until six in the morning.

 Abrams, who has opened for Swift at a number of her Eras Tour shows, went on to explain that it was a pretty eventful night for the two musicians. Shortly before casually putting out a fire, Swift had helped Abrams write her new single, "Us," which features on her album The Secret of Us. 

 “Something caught our ear at the same time very hard and fast,” Abrams recalled. “So we ran to the piano and started writing this song … I used to fantasize about that kind of a thing as a kid.”

getty
 That evening, Swift also shared a few of her then-unreleased songs from The Tortured Poets Department. Abrams explained that she and Swift had sung and danced “like theater kids” to "But Daddy I Love Him" before she collapsed on the floor upon hearing "The Smallest Man Who Ever Lived." Swift even captured the moment in a selfie, which Abrams later posted on Instagram.

 Writing, drinking and... fire fighting. Sounds like a dream evening for any Swiftie.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)