Country music singer and songwriter Dustin Lynch performs for University of Florida students at the O’Connell Center on Oct. 18, 2024.
Students, alumni and fans in denim, cowboy hats and the signature orange and blue filled the Stephen C. O’Connell Center’s lobby Friday evening in anticipation of this year’s Gator Growl.
Dustin Lynch, an acclaimed country singer-songwriter, headlined the night fused with country music and UF traditions.
Doors opened at 6 p.m., and fans packed into Exactech Arena’s pit, hoping to get as close as possible to the performer.
Sabrina Flores, a 19-year-old UF mechanical engineering sophomore, arrived at the O'Connell Center at 4:30 p.m. and waited in line to secure her concert spot. An avid concert-goer, she said she regularly tries to get as close as possible to the stage because she can feel a connection with the artist. 
“It’s a more fun experience and definitely worth your money,” she said. 
The moment Lynch stepped onto the stage, the energy in the room skyrocketed. The opening chords of “Seein’ Red” reverberated through the arena, and fans immediately jumped to their feet, singing along to every word. 
Flores said she got her money’s worth, as the sophomore was less than 10 feets away from the country singer.
Lynch donned a white Florida jersey. The sound of guitars and drums filled the arena, the vibrations coursing through the ground as Lynch’s deep, resonant voice carried across the space.
From 8:40 to 10 p.m. Lynch performed his most popular hits. Fans sang along to “Honky Tonk Heartbreaker,” “Good Girl” and “Momma’s House.”
At one point, Lynch interrupted his country music performance to take a more classic approach to the night. After bringing the Gator Cheerleaders onstage, they swayed to “We Are the Boys from Old Florida” as Lynch led them in song. 
Lynch paused between the verse and the chorus, “I’m about to embarrass somebody,” he said, holding up his microphone to a singing chearleader. 
To introduce his song “Cowboys and Angels,” Lynch invited his grandparents up on the stage with him. Honoring his grandparents’ lives and marriage, the artist said that the song was his way of telling their love story. 
Alessa Chancy, a 22-year-old animal science senior, attended her second Gator Growl. She came in 2022 to watch Flo Rida, and as she heard who was performing this year, she knew she was going to purchase tickets, she said. 
A long-time fan, she said she started listening to his music in 2014.
Gracie Evans, a 17-year-old UF 2029 applicant, had never visited Gainesville, but said she made the drive from Spring Hill, Florida, for the concert. She took the chance to tour the college town, too.
“He's my favorite artist, so seeing that he was playing tonight just made me really want to come because he's not touring in Florida,” said the high school senior. 
After a 90-minute set, Lynch said goodbye and goodnight to a cheering audience, telling fans to “let the gator growl,” one last time before disappearing behind the stage. 
UF alum The Weather Channel host Stephanie Abrams hosted Gator Growl’s pep rally before Lynch took the stage. 
“My first Gator Growl was in 1996 when I was a freshman, and now I'm back with a tradition that has continued for 101 years,” said Abrams, setting the scene for what would be a night full of tradition and enthusiasm. 
She welcomed the crowd and introduced the night’s lineup of performances, starting with a rendition of the national anthem by UF’s Accent A Cappella.
Performances by the Dazzlers and Sabor Latino, this year’s Soulfest winners, followed. 
The 2024 and 1984 UF Football teams took to the stage, adding to the excitement and anticipation for Friday’s show and Saturday’s game. 
For the 1984 team, it was the first time in 40 years that they had all been together, said Graham Mertz, 2024 Florida Gators former quarterback. 
“That's the celebration of a team, right there,” Mertz said. “Someday me and my boys back here will do that.”
The UF Homecoming king and queen were announced as well: Laura Thomas, a 22-year-old criminology senior, and Saketh Damera, a 22-year-old public health senior, accepted their crowns as this year’s top leaders. 
Abrams introduced Southbound 441, Lynch’s opening act. The band sang their original songs “Until The Bitter End” and “The View,” as well as performed covers of popular songs like “Free Bird.”
Taylor Camann, an 18-year-old pre-nursing freshman, attended the Homecoming Parade earlier in the day before Gator Growl. 
For her first year, she wanted to take in as much of homecoming as she could and would have gone to Gator Growl regardless who the musical artist was, she said. 
“I'm glad that it's a country singer, because I like country music,” said Camann. 
Brian Parker, a 2008 UF College of Dentistry graduate, brought his wife and three children for their first Gator Growl. This was Parker’s first time attending Gator Growl since he was a student. He said his friends and family’s schedules aligned, so attending Gator Growl was once again possible. 
“We just wanted to come for homecoming weekend and watch the Gators play football,” said Parker. 
To end this year’s Homecoming, the Florida Gators will play against the University of Kentucky at 7:45 p.m. Saturday at the Ben Hill Griffin Stadium. 
Contact Vera Lucia Pappaterra at vpappaterra@alligator.org. Follow her on X @veralupap.
Vera Lucia Pappaterra is the enterprise race and equity reporter and a second-year journalism major. She has previously worked on the university desk as the university general assignment reporter. In her free time, she enjoys deadlifting 155 lbs. and telling everyone about it.