Hailey Bieber fans have gone into overdrive as they believe the star has shared the gender of her and Justin Bieber's baby.
The model and singer announced they are expecting their first child together last month in a sweet social media video. Ever since, Hailey has continued to share her pregnancy journey on Instagram with her fans.
However, her latest bump snaps for her Rhode brand have fans adamant she is dropping subtle clues as to the gender of their child, with the star already almost five months pregnant.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Gracie Abrams praises ‘legend’ Taylor Swift for putting out fire in apartment
In her most recent uploads, Hailey is seen showcasing her growing bump in a tight black outfit. Appearing to be on some kind of shopping spree, she took a selfie in front of a wardrobe of clothes while wearing a skintight black romper. She wore an oversized brown coat over the top and accessorised with black sunglasses.
Her unique Rhode phone case - together with a little space for the Rhode peptide lip tints - is also seen in bright pink. And it is this subtle inclusion that fans believes hints at the gender of her unborn baby.
Rushing to the comments section after her upload, one user asked: "Is it a girl with all this pink?" Another seemingly agreed, commenting: "it's a girl!" Other followers simply gushed over the star's appearance, with many labelling her "beautiful mama".
At the weekend, their child's grandmother-to-be shared a loving tribute to her son, Justin, to mark Father's Day. Pattie Mallette posted a carousel of photos of Justin and his wife in honour of the special occasion.
The carousel showed snaps of Hailey's bump from their loving video reveal, as well as the couple kissing as Hailey showed off her baby bump. A third image showed a mirror selfie of Hailey wearing a white dress while showcasing her belly.
Pattie wrote: "Happy Father’s Day Justin. You’ve always wanted to be a dad ever since I can remember. You have so much love to give. You’re gonna be the best daddy ever. You already are. LOVE YOU!!"
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok , Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.