Billboards Live Summit and Awards set to return Nov. 14 in Los Angeles after a 4 year break featuring conversations with Olivia Rodrigo, John Summit, and industry leaders

													By
												

	Evan Burke


	Olivia Rodrigo and John Summit easily had two of the biggest tours in 2024. They will both appear on November 14 at the Billboard Live Music Summit and Awards in partnership with AEG Presents to talk about their experiences on the road and how they’ve grown as touring artists. AEG Presents is a world leader in the music and entertainment industry. From the Coachella Valley Music & Arts Festival to global tour promotion for superstars like Taylor Swift, Sabrina Carpenter and many more, they are a part of every step of creating a live music experience, which will all be covered at the Billboard Live Music Summit and Awards. There will be panels featuring top agents, leaders in sound design, and Taylor Swift’s Eras Tour producer, Louis Messina. 

	












	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					El Rey Theater in Los Angeles to Be Featured in Tony Hawk Video Game		
	



	04/30/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					John Summit		
					






















	
		
					Olivia Rodrigo		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	Olivia Rodrigo will take part in a superstar Q&A where she will talk about upgrading from theaters to arenas for her GUTS World Tour, selecting opening acts like Gracie Abrams and Chappell Roan, and integrating her Fund 4 Good initiative into her massively successful shows. She will also receive the Touring Artist of the Year award.

	John Summit will sit down with his longtime manager Holt Harmon for a conversation moderated by Billboard’s Katie Bain. Inside the Rise of John Summit will explore how he went from playing small bars and clubs to selling out Madison Square Garden. They’ll share insights into his creative process and how he created his chart-topping hits.

	Louis Messina will receive the Touring Titan Award and be recognized as the Executive of the Year for his work on Taylor Swift’s record-breaking Eras Tour. He will also sit down with Billboard’s Melinda Newman for The Power Players Conversation to talk about his past experiences working with artists like Ed Sheeran, Shawn Mendes, and Tim McGraw, and plans for the future, shaping the next generation of touring superstars.

	This year’s Billboard Live Music Summit and Awards will also feature the Festival of the Future panel where top executives will discuss how innovations in sound, video, and immersive media are transforming the festival experience. The Agents Power panel will bring together top agents from WME, CAA, UTA, AGI, and Arrival Artists to cover all things related to artist development and representation.

	










	Billboard Live Music Summit 2024 returns on November 14 in Los Angeles. Click here for more information, the programming schedule, and to buy tickets.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.