All products featured on GQ are independently selected by our editors. However, we may receive compensation from retailers and/or from purchases of products through these links.
For about as long as we’ve been keeping an eye on Paul Mescal’s on-screen performances, we’ve also been keenly observing his simple yet overwhelmingly covetable wardrobe. In certain circles (present company included), the Irish actor is as idolized for his Oscar-nominated roles as he is for his sporty short shorts, cropped tees, Adidas trainers, and handsomely decorative workwear. The fan fever over Mescal’s boyish personal style earned him both a big-ticket Gucci campaign and numerous fawning headlines on websites such as this one. It’s a best-case scenario, when fame and good taste align. Mescal’s been making the most of it.
On Mescal’s recent shopping trip with the musician Gracie Abrams in London’s Mayfair district, he popped into Gucci’s flagship store on Bond Street. (Hey, there are worse ways to have to pay a visit to your employer.) The Gladiator II star wore simple black trousers hemmed to the ankle with black Gucci horsebit loafers, white socks, dark Jacques Marie Mage shades, and a navy knit “Stallion” sweater—inset with an emblem of a running horse—from a small California clothing brand called The Man Who Captured Sunshine.
The Man Who Captured Sunshine
The Man Who Captured Sunshine
Mescal carried a cloth Aesop shopping bag as a tote, not unlike the repurposed Bode shopping bag that Jeremy Allen White frequently uses to transport large bouquets of flowers from his local Los Angeles farmers’ market.
According to the Daily Mail, Abrams (who is the daughter of filmmaker J.J. Abrams) arrived about 20 minutes after Mescal, and they shopped together—while maintaining their distance on the sidewalk—along Bond Street. The musician wore a navy boatneck top, blue velour Puma track pants, and red-and-white Puma sneakers. The self-imposed separation aside, they looked ever the platonic ideal of an internet boyfriend and his stylish maybe-girlfriend.
This Is the Coolest Way to Wear Jeans in 2025
Justin Bieber’s Most Normal Outfit in Ages Is Worth Copying All Spring
Inside the Fight to Save American Selvedge Denim
Nike Is Dropping a GoldenEye 007-Themed Air Max 1 This Week
Tuxedo vs. Suit: A 101 Guide to Men’s Formal Dress Codes
Sign up for Show Notes to get news on the latest runway shows, parties, and insider events on the international fashion circuit.
More From GQ
Connect
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. GQ may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices