The singer once again noted that "Karma is the guy on the Chiefs" on night three at Hard Rock Stadium on Sunday (Oct. 20).

													By
												

	Gil Kaufman


	Good “Karma” begets more good karma. Just hours after Travis Kelce and the Kansas City Chiefs extended their perfect run so far this season to 6-0 following a 28-18 win over the San Francisco 49ers on Sunday afternoon (Oct. 20) — leaving them the only undefeated team in the NFL — Taylor Swift paid slyly tribute to her perfect boyfriend again.

	“Karma is the guy on the Chiefs,” Swift sang as the fans in Hard Rock Stadium in Miami shouted with joy at the latest tip of the helmet to the singer’s pigskin paramour during a performance of the Midnights single “Karma.”The nod came during the third and final night in Miami, where Swift kicked off the final U.S. leg of her Eras Tour on Friday. 

	










	To date, Swift has made the lyrical change more than a dozen times (from “karma is the guy on the screen coming straight home to me”), dating back to nearly a year ago in Buenos Aires, Argentina, when Swift first made the switch at a Nov. 2023 show at Estadio River Plate that Kelce flew down for.




			Trending on Billboard		






	After a two-month hiatus, Swift kicked off the final round of her Eras Tour U.S. dates on Friday with the first of three sold-out shows in Miami. Undeterred by some showers, Swift debuted a quartet of new outfits at the kick-off show, busted out a pair of mash-ups for her surprise song segment and invited out Florence Welch for a run through their The Tortured Poets Department collab “Florida!!!”

	The Eras Tour marches on this week with a trio of shows at the Caesars Superdome in New Orleans, LA with support from Gracie Abrams.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.