Wham! have claimed the Christmas number one spot once again this year with their winter classic, Last Christmas.
Last year, the pop duo topped the leaderboard with their classic festive hit, despite being released 39 years ago. The song completed the longest journey ever to Christmas number 1 and has 1.5 billion streams online.
The band were overwhelming favourites to once again be top of the charts at Christmas this year, and for the first time ever they managed to go back to back.
Meanwhile, Gracie Abrams came close to spoiling the party with her song, That's So True, in second place.
Mariah Carey secured the Number Three spot with her festive hit, All I Want For Christmas Is You, whilst Tom Grennan posed a challenge in fourth position with his song, It Can't Be Christmas.
The Top Ten list on the charts are as follows:
  READ MORE:    Gavin & Stacey's Larry Lamb hints at another comeback after Christmas special  [LATEST] 
You can read the full list here.
Ed Sheeran’s 2017 hit Perfect is the most successful Christmas number one of the last 20 years, with 3 billion streams and almost £11m in estimated royalties.
The second most successful UK Christmas number 1 is Clean Bandit’s Rockabye featuring Sean Paul and Anne-Marie. Spending a sensational nine weeks at number 1, the song has over 1.6 billion streams.
The band Wham, which comprised of George Michael and Andrew Ridgely, has become the first ever British pop duo to top the festive charts for two years in a row.
We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy
George Michael died on Christmas Day in 2016 at the age of 53.
Speaking about topping the charts, Andrew told the Official Charts: “I'm especially pleased for George, he would have been utterly delighted, his fabulous Christmas composition has become such a classic, almost as much a part of Christmas as mince pies, turkey and pigs in blankets.”
SEARCH
CONNECT WITH US
TODAY'S PAPER
 See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive.
EXPRESS.CO.UK
Daily Express uses notifications to keep you updated