Virgin Radio
3 Jan 2024, 15:18
Credit: blur.co.uk / oliviarodrigo.com / lewiscapaldi.com
If you still enjoy listening to your Walkman, have a tape deck in your car, or simply like doing that cool thing where you rewind/fast-forward using a pencil, then you’ll be interested to learn that the biggest selling cassettes of 2023 have been named. 
Yes, following the continued resurgence of vinyl, cassettes have also been back on the scene for a while, and last year it was announced that sales across 2022 were at a record high since 2003.
The top twenty list of cassette sales for 2023 includes plenty of big names, with Olivia Rodrigo coming out on top with her second album, Guts. It featured her massive single, Vampire.
Olivia beat last year’s top selling cassette artist, Ed Sheeran, whose latest offering, - (Subtract), came in at number two. Kylie Minogue’s Tension landed at number three. Inhaler’s Cuts & Bruises and the latest Blur album, The Ballad of Darren, made up the top five, as announced by Official Charts.  
Elsewhere in the top ten were albums from Lana Del Rey, Lewis Capaldi, while McFly, Busted, Taylor Swift, Foo Fighters and Noel Gallagher were among those in the top 20.
Here’s the full list: 
1. Guts - Olivia Rodrigo
2. - (Subtract) - Ed Sheeran
3. Tension - Kylie Minogue
4. Cuts & Bruises - Inhaler
5. The Ballad Of Darren - Blur
6. Did You Know That There's A Tunnel Under - Lana Del Rey
7. Take Me Back To Eden - Sleep Token
8. Broken By Desire To Be Heavenly Sent - Lewis Capaldi
9. Unreal Unearth - Hozier
10. Live With The Bbc Philharmonic Orchestra - 1975
11. The Album - Jonas Brothers
12. Power To Play - Mcfly
13. Greatest Hits 2.0 - Busted
14. From Nothing To A Little Bit More - The Lathums
15. Good Riddance - Gracie Abrams
16. 1989 (Taylor's Version) - Taylor Swift
17. But Here We Are - Foo Fighters
18. Council Skies - Noel Gallagher's High Flying Birds
19. So Much (For) Stardust - Fall Out Boy
20. Cracker Island - Gorillaz
Advertisement
Tubi, the free streaming platform which aims to rival competitors such as Netflix and Prime Video...
Philip Glenister has described the cancelled Life on Mars sequel as a “mixed blessing” after being...
We asked, and you delivered! Here are the 100 greatest songs of the 1980s. 
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK on your laptop or desktop computer?
Have you got an Amazon Echo or Google Home device? Listen to Virgin Radio UK by asking your speaker...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK but need to go out and about? Take us with you with the Virgin...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK on your laptop or desktop computer?
Have you got an Amazon Echo or Google Home device? Listen to Virgin Radio UK by asking your speaker...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK but need to go out and about? Take us with you with the Virgin...
Advertisement
© 2025 News UK Broadcasting Ltd. Our 
 and 
 are applicable to you. All rights reserved. VIRGIN and the VIRGIN signature logo are registered trademarks of Virgin Enterprises Limited and are used under licence. For more information on Virgin Radio International visit