The "I Can Do It With a Broken Heart" singer posted 17 concert pics and a short note.

													By
												

	Ashley Iasimone


Taylor Swift‘s goodbye to The Eras Tour was a short and sweet one on social media following a trio of performances in Vancouver last weekend, the final three dates of a 149-show tour that grossed more than $2 billion in 2023-2024.

	The “I Can Do It With a Broken Heart” hitmaker uploaded a series of live concert photos — 17, to be exact, all of which appear to be from her three-day takeover of the Canadian city’s BC Place from Dec. 6-8 — on Wednesday (Dec. 11), three days after the very last Eras date. A brief message from Swift accompanied the pictures.

	










	“It was rare. I was there. I remember it,” read the caption on Swift’s post. The words, pulled from her Red opus “All Too Well,” were crowned with a classic red heart emoji — instead of the white heart that’s often been attached to posts about her most recent release, the Billboard 200 chart-topping album The Tortured Poets Department and its expanded Anthology.


			Trending on Billboard		






	Swift’s pictures show group bows and hugs, a backstage shot with her band and dancers, triumphant performance shots, those last “August” twirls, her duet with opener Gracie Abrams and more.

	There were no end-of-tour hijinks on the final weekend of The Eras Tour, at least none publicly displayed on the stage for the 60,000-per-night crowd to see. The culmination of this tour celebrated a fine-tuned level of showmanship, with all three nights professionally filmed for an unannounced project. The shows featured surprise song highlights like “Never Grow Up”/”The Best Day” (her parents were in attendance), “The Tortured Poets Department”/”Maroon” (this one presumably goes out to a Tortured Poets muse), and “Long Live”/”New Year’s Day”/”The Manuscript” (a closing night mashup of post-Eras reflection).

Billboard editors were on site to review all three shows. Find our thoughts on night one (written by me), night two (written by Danielle Pascual) and night three (written by Jason Lipshutz).

	See Swift’s photo collection from the last weekend of The Eras Tour on Instagram here.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.