We’ve got good news and bad news, Livies.
First, the good.
On June 23, Olivia Rodrigo wrapped the European leg of her ‘GUTS World Tour’ in Portugal.
A little less than a month later, the tireless 21-year-old pop star is returning to North America with special guests PinkPantheress and The Breeders for her second batch of shows in the U.S. and Canada.
And, while she doesn’t have any stops in New York or New Jersey scheduled this time around, she’ll get close when she performs at Philadelphia’s Wells Fargo Center on Friday, July 19 and Washington, D.C.’s Capital One Arena on Saturday, July 20.
Now for the bad.
Based on our findings, tickets aren’t very cheap to see Rodrigo live in July and August.
At the time of publication, the lowest price we could find for a single North American show was $239 before fees on Vivid Seats.
Other concerts have seats starting anywhere from $268 to $642 before fees.
Still, it’s hard to put a price on belting your heart out along with Olivia on “drivers license,” “vampire,” “good 4 u” and so many more of her sing-a-long bangers.
Need a bit more information before buying tickets?
Our team is here to help you work up the ‘GUTS’ to grab the seats of your dreams.
Everything you need to know and more about Olivia Rodrigo’s upcoming ‘GUTS World Tour’ concerts can be found below.
All prices listed above are subject to fluctuation.
A complete calendar including all U.S. and Canada tour dates (as well as a pair in Singapore), venues, and links to the best ticket prices available can be found below.
(Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are in US dollars, subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.)
Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. 
They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event.
Still curious about Vivid Seats? You can find an article from their team about why the company is legit here.
After a glance at her set list, it’s clear that Rodrigo goes full-showwoman for her adoring fans, putting on a three-act spectacle at all gigs.
For a closer look at what to expect, here’s what she performed at a recent concert, courtesy of Set List FM.
Act I
01.) “bad idea right?”02.) “ballad of a homeschooled girl”03.) “vampire”04.) “traitor”05.) “drivers license”06.) “teenage dream”Act II
07.) “pretty isn’t pretty”08.) “love is embarrassing”09.) “making the bed”10.) “logical”11.) “enough for you”12.) “lacy”13.) “jealousy, jealousy”
14.) “happier”15.) “favorite crime”16.) “deja vu”17.) “the grudge”Act III
18.) “brutal”19.) “obsessed”20.) “all-american b—-“
Encore
21.) “good 4 u”22.) “get him back!”
On Sept. 8, 2023, Rodrigo dropped her second record “Guts” to almost universal acclaim.
Even the notoriously harsh Pitchfork called her “uproarious” sophomore effort “a collection of bratty rocker-chick anthems and soul-searching ballads that could slot into the soundtrack of any classic high school flick.”
If you want to hear the anthemic album, you can stream “Guts” here.
OK, so you’re familiar with every single lyric and note on “Guts” but have you checked out Olivia’s special guests yet?
If not, our team went ahead and found each artist’s most streamed track on Spotify to get you up to speed.
Enjoy:
The Breeders: “Cannonball”
PinkPantheress: “Break It Off”
Many of music’s greatest modern divas just may be coming to a venue near you in the next year.
Here are just five of our favorites you won’t want to miss live.
• Sabrina Carpenter
• Kacey Musgraves
• Tate McRae
• Gracie Abrams
• Billie Eilish
Who else is on the road? Check out our list of the 50 biggest concert tours in 2024 here to find out.
This article was written by Matt Levy, New York Post live events reporter. Levy stays up-to-date on all the latest tour announcements from your favorite musical artists and comedians, as well as Broadway openings, sporting events and more live shows – and finds great ticket prices online. Since he started his tenure at the Post in 2022, Levy has reviewed a Bruce Springsteen concert and interviewed Melissa Villaseñor of SNL fame, to name a few. Please note that deals can expire, and all prices are subject to change