Living large and living life, Hollywood style. We’re rounding up the latest in celeb lifestyle news with POP TALK! Welcome to the celebrity life!
H O M E S
Anna Paquin Slashes Price Of Her L.A. Area Abode
Anna Paquin is making a change to her real estate listing. The True Blood star has slashed the price of her Venice, California home, which is now priced at $7M. The 5-br 8-bath rustic-style charmer was listed for $14M in 2020 and then discounted to $8M in January 2024. 
R E L A T I O N S H I P S 
NEW COUPLE ALERT: Scooter Braun & Rachelle Goulding
Scooter Braun has someone new in his life. The 43-year-old Hybe America CEO and former music manager is dating someone new – actress Rachelle Goulding. The new couple have been spotted traveling together recently.
ENGAGED: Josh Lucas & Brianna Ruffalo
Josh Lucas is engaged. The 53-year-old actor revealed that he proposed to Brianna Ruffalo during a trip to Italy, sharing a video of his bride-to-be being serenaded by musicians and showing off her engagement ring. Josh and Brianna have been together for two years. 
M U S I C
S O C I A L S 
S P O T T E D
By: Michelle |
July 6, 2024

in ENTERTAINMENT, FASHION, Featured Post, GOSSIP, LIFESTYLE, MOVIES, MUSIC, TV  
Popstar! Magazine brings you the latest in celebrity, entertainment and lifestyle news from around the world. Now in our 21st year, we continue to set the standard in the ever evolving field of millennial entertainment. We pride ourselves on being your number one source for accurate information about the topics you care about, including entertainment, beauty, fashion, health, wellbeing and news. Popstar! provides high quality videos for you to binge watch and we now offer a completely free digital bonus magazine that goes in depth to provide exclusive celebrity stories that you won’t find anywhere else. Popstar’s radio station provides you with tomorrow’s pop, rock and hip-hop hits, today. Streaming music and talk radio 24/7!
Connect with Popstar! on social media to stay up to date with all of the latest news and share your feedback. We would love to hear from you!