Taylor Swift performs during "The Eras Tour" on Friday, May 5, 2023, at Nissan Stadium in Nashville, Tenn.AP Photo/George Walker IV
For her second to last stop on the historic “Eras Tour,” Taylor Swift is returning to Canada for the first time since 2018‘s “Reputation Tour” for six concerts at Toronto’s Rogers Centre on November 14, 15, 16, 21, 22 and 23 at 6:45 p.m. with special guest Gracie Abrams opening.
Swift’s most recent stop was in Indianapolis for her final U.S. shows on November 1-3, where the singer performed for a record-breaking 69,000 fans at Lucas Oil Stadium.
Surprise songs during her three concert stint included:
Throughout the “Eras Tour,” the cheapest last-minute tickets for Swift’s concerts have been on secondary market platforms such as Vivid Seats, SeatGeek and StubHub, which offer verified tickets with buyer guarantees.
Here’s a look at the best prices available (before fees):
Thursday, November 14
Friday, November 15
Saturday, November 16
Thursday, November 21
Friday, November 22
Saturday, November 23
Prices and availability are noted at the time of publishing and are subject to change and additional fees.
Related: Where to buy Taylor Swift’s ‘Eras Tour’ tickets for Toronto, Vancouver
The 46-song setlist includes songs from “Lover,” “Fearless,” “Red,” “Speak Now,” “Reputation,” “Folklore/Evermore,” “1989,″ “The Tortured Poets Department” and “Midnights,” in that order.
A complete list of songs is available on setlist.fm.
After Toronto, Swift will play three final shows in Vancouver, BC on December 6-8. The cheapest tickets for her final shows can be purchased through Vivid Seats, SeatGeek and StubHub.
Can’t get enough live music? Swift isn’t the only touring artist. Check out other favorites who know how to put on an unforgettable show, including Sabrina Carpenter, Billie Eilish, Oasis and Dua Lipa.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices