The Radio City Rockette's will grace the stage once again on Nov. 8.Carl Scheffel/MSG Photos
In the spirit of Christmas in July, the Rockettes are giving their fans the best gift of all.
The much loved “Christmas Spectacular” will begin at New York City’s Radio City Music Hall on Nov. 8 and will wrap up on Jan. 5, 2025.
The Radio City Rockettes are one of the longest-running dance troupes in the country, and they really know how to put on a holiday production you don’t want to miss.
The Rockettes are ready to spread holiday spirit and cheer already so you better get your hands on tickets.
Tickets for the “Christmas Spectacular” are on sale through Ticketmaster, and they are also available on Vivid Seats, StubHub, TicketCity and SeatGeek.
The cheapest ticket available at the time of publication for the “Christmas Spectacular” shows, before fees, is $75 on Vivid Seats.
First-time Vivid Seats users can save $20 on ticket orders over $200 by entering promo code NJ20 at checkout.
Those who want to get tickets for the “Christmas Spectacular” this year can expect to see several of the same, iconic Rockette performances, such as the “Parade of the Wooden Soldiers,” along with newly added performances, such as the “Dance of the Frost Fairies” with a number of “Frost Fairy” drones whizzing around.
Starting in the final week of November, the annual holiday celebration will begin running daily and will feature five performances every Friday, Saturday and Sunday.
Once December hits, they will perform five shows a day, giving Rockette fans multiple opportunities to see them live.
You can find a full calendar of the Rockette’s show dates here.
The Rockettes is not the only artist heading out on a holiday tour this year.
Here are a few more holiday events you do not want to miss: Mariah Carey, Derek Hough and Mannheim Steamroller.
Our journalism needs your support. Please subscribe today to NJ.com.
Nicole Iuzzolino can be reached at niuzzolino@njadvancemedia.com. Have a tip? Tell us at nj.com/tips.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices