Expert-picked Mother's Day gifts for every type of mom, from $15
Sections
Shows
More
Follow today
More Brands
A winner of “The Voice” has officially been crowned. 
It has been an exciting and emotional Season 26 of the singing competition show and the two-day finale was no exception. 
Hosted by Carson Daly, coaches Reba McEntire, Gwen Stefani, Michael Bublé and Snoop Dogg all had an artist heading into “The Voice” Season 26 finale.
Representing Team Reba was Danny Joseph, Team Snoop had Jeremy Beloate, Team Gwen had Sydney Sterlace and Team Bublé consisted of Sofronio Vasquez and Shye.
Martha Stewart kicked off the Monday, Dec. 9, episode by getting the coaches finale ready. She looked over their outfits, giving her very honest opinion about their looks, only giving her approval to McEntire. She also made the coaches and Daly her “Snoop Noggy Nog” eggnog later on in the show.
Additionally, Bublé and playoff advisor Carly Pearce delighted viewers with their new holiday single “Maybe This Christmas” and Snoop was once again in tears after Beloate's first performance.
On the Dec. 10 finale, the final five, along with additional contestants, opened the show by performing “Defying Gravity” from “Wicked.”
Former coach duo Dan + Shay performed, as did Kelly Clarkson, who sang her new holiday single “You for Christmas.” Additional performers included Myles Smith, Riley Green and Ella Langley, Tears For Fears and Snoop, who took the stage with Sting and Dr. Dre. Team Niall’s Season 24 winner Huntley performed his new single, “Skyline Drive.”
See the two-part recap and winner below.
During the Dec. 9 episode, each contestant performed two songs. 
In the Dec. 10 finale, the contestants returned to the stage to perform with their coaches.
The winner for Season 26 of “The Voice” was Sofronio Vasquez. This was a win for Team Bublé.
In second place was also Team Bublé member Shye.
Sydney Sterlace came in third, while Danny Joseph cam in fourth and Jeremy Beloate in fifth place.
The coaches for Season 27 of “The Voice” include returning OG coach Adam Levine, John Legend and Michael Bublé. They will be joined by first-time coach Kelsea Ballerini, who previously served as a “Comeback Stage” coach and advisor.
The Maroon 5 frontman, who was part of the show’s first 16 season, left in 2019. 
“The Voice” Season 27 premieres Monday, February 3, 2025, at 8 p.m. on NBC. 
Liz Calvario is a Los Angeles-based reporter and editor for TODAY.com who covers entertainment, pop culture and trending news.
© 2025 NBCUniversal Media, LLCApple®, Apple logo® and App Store® are registered trademarks of Apple Inc.