By 

	Thania Garcia


Linkin Park returns to the top of the charts with “From Zero,” the six-piece rock band’s first new studio album in seven years. The 11-song LP is their first with new vocalist Emily Armstrong and drummer Colin Brittain, in addition to it being Linkin Park’s 12th top 10-charting album and first without their late vocalist Chester Bennington and drummer Rob Bourdon (who exited the group in 2018).

	“From Zero” (Warner Records) debuts at No. 2 with 97,000 equivalent album units, with a majority of that tally coming from 72,000 sales, per Luminate. The set was also popular in the UK where Linkin Park scored their fourth UK No. 1. 

	










			Popular on Variety		







	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					How the ‘Sinners’ Financing Model Offers Salvation for All Producers 		
			














	
		
					Tony Kaye’s ‘The Trainer,’ Starring Vito Schnabel and Julia Fox, Boarded by 13 Films (EXCLUSIVE)		
			








	The new Billboard 200 chart has a record-breaking number of K-pop acts  — Ateez, Jin and Enhypen at Nos. 1, 4 and 7, respectively — in the Top 10. Ateez, an eight member South Korean group, opens the list at No. 1 with “Golden Hour: Part 2” (via Sony Music Korea/RCA Records) and 184,000 equivalent album units earned. Album sales comprised 179,000 of that total with the sixth-largest sales debut week of 2024 for any title. Its impact in sales was powered by its wide availability across 29 physical format variants and three digital download variants. 

	BTS member Jin earns his first ever top 10 on the albums chart with his six-song EP, “Happy,” at No. 4. His solo debut project, “Happy” logged 77,000 equivalent album units earned or 66,000 album sales of its 13 CD variants and seven digital variants. Jin is the seventh, and final, member of BTS to have achieved a Top 10-charting album, meaning all members of BTS have logged Top 10 records as solo act. Meanwhile, Enhypen’s “Romance: Untold” re-enters at No. 7 following its reissue with two bonus tracks. 

	The career milestones continue with Puerto Rican singer Rauw Alejandro, as “Cosa Nuestra” — which ranges from tropical to R&B, bachata, reggaeton and more — becomes his first top 10-charting effort at No. 6 with 67,000 equivalent units earned. The Spanish-language album is the singer’s highest-charting yet and boasts guests including Romeo Santos, Bad Bunny, Latin Mafia Laura Pausini, Pharrell Williams and more.

	Returning albums by Sabrina Carpenter (“Short n’ Sweet”), Gracie Abrams (“The Secret of Us”), Billie Eilish (“Hit Me Hard and Soft”), Chappell Roan (“The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess”) and Tyler, the Creator (“Chromakopia”) round out the Top 10.
The Business of Entertainment