Shannon Power is a Greek-Australian reporter, but now calls London home. They have worked as across three continents in print, newspapers and broadcast, specializing in entertainment, politics, LGBTQ+ and health reporting. Shannon has covered high profile celebrity trials along with industry analysis of all the big trends in media, pop culture and the entertainment business generally. Shannon stories have featured on the cover of the Newsweek magazine and has been published in publications such as, The Guardian, Monocle, The Independent, SBS, ABC, Metro and The Sun. You can get in touch with Shannon by email at s.power@newsweek.com and on X @shannonjpower. Languages: English, Greek, Spanish.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
Taylor Swift got emotional recalling how hard it was to keep her newest album secret from her fans.
The Tortured Poets Department was released in April in the middle of Swift's record-breaking Eras world tour.
Swift, 34, had previously announced the album while accepting a Grammy award at February's ceremony.
Her 13th studio album was a huge hit, climbing straight to the top of the charts and recently bagging six nominations for the 2025 Grammys.
She opened up on what it was like recording the album while performing the stadium world tour.
"You guys did something so amazing over the course of the last few months," Swift said on Thursday while performing in Toronto. "I just mean what you did with embracing The Tortured Poets Department, the album. It's truly blown my mind because its really emotional for me that this album, I wrote it during the Eras Tour."
"I wrote that album, made that album, all [while] trying to keep it a secret from you guys. And then announced the album, and then we basically were, like, working really hard to secretly put together a new chapter in the Eras Tour of The Tortured Poets Department and we wanted to surprise you with it, and we did," she continued.
Swift concluded by saying: "And you guys have been so wonderful about getting into this album and really understanding where I was coming from with it and you made it by far, the biggest debut week I've ever had of an album. And you kept that album at number one for nearly four months.
"And the most recent thing that you did, because everything that happens is a direct reflection of the passion that you show, is you guys got this album nominated for six Grammys. It's so unbelievable, so thank you."
The moment was shared to a Swift fan account on X, formerly Twitter, which wrote: "Taylor talking about embracing the passion of TTPD and how we helped get it nominated for 6."
Other fans reacted to the emotional moment in the replies of the post.
"So beautiful, she is very great musician," wrote @dil_aai_umeed.
And @Ambeshsharma96 added: "From the fans to the music, everything about TTPD deserves those nominations! Taylor's energy and love for her craft shines through every song. 💖"
Swift got six Grammy nods when the 2025 nominations were announced earlier this month.
She is up for Album of the Year and Best Pop Vocal Album for The Tortured Poets Department, Song of the Year and Record of the Year for "Fortnight" with Post Malone, Best Music Video for that song, and Best Pop Duo/Group Performance for "Us" with Gracie Abrams.
Shannon Power is a Greek-Australian reporter, but now calls London home. They have worked as across three continents in print, newspapers and broadcast, specializing in entertainment, politics, LGBTQ+ and health reporting. Shannon has covered high profile celebrity trials along with industry analysis of all the big trends in media, pop culture and the entertainment business generally. Shannon stories have featured on the cover of the Newsweek magazine and has been published in publications such as, The Guardian, Monocle, The Independent, SBS, ABC, Metro and The Sun. You can get in touch with Shannon by email at s.power@newsweek.com and on X @shannonjpower. Languages: English, Greek, Spanish.
Shannon Power is a Greek-Australian reporter, but now calls London home. They have worked as across three continents in print, newspapers and broadcast, specializing in entertainment, politics, LGBTQ+ and health reporting. Shannon has covered high profile celebrity trials along with industry analysis of all the big trends in media, pop culture and the entertainment business generally. Shannon stories have featured on the cover of the Newsweek magazine and has been published in publications such as, The Guardian, Monocle, The Independent, SBS, ABC, Metro and The Sun. You can get in touch with Shannon by email at s.power@newsweek.com and on X @shannonjpower. Languages: English, Greek, Spanish.
Shannon Power is a Greek-Australian reporter, but now calls London home. They have worked as across three continents in print,                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC