Taylor Swift performs during the opening show of the Toronto dates of The Eras Tour on Thursday, November 14, 2024.Chris Young/The Canadian Press via AP
Taylor Swift’s “Eras Tour” is quickly nearing its end, with its final stop in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, at BC Place. The last three shows will take place on December 6 through 8 at 7 p.m., with Gracie Abrams opening.
It’s been a long journey for Swift and her fans, with the historic “Eras Tour” kicking off all the way back in March 2023 in Glendale, Arizona. The tour will culminate with her 152nd and final concert in Vancouver on December 8.
Some speculate what Swift may have planned for her final performances, including potential surprise special guests or long-anticipated announcements for a new album or a Taylor’s Version release of “Reputation” or “Taylor Swift’s Debut.”
Whatever surprises the pop star mastermind has in store, fans definitely won’t want to miss them.
Throughout the “Eras Tour,” the cheapest last-minute tickets for Swift’s concerts have been on secondary market platforms such as Vivid Seats, SeatGeek and StubHub, which offer verified tickets with buyer guarantees.
Here’s a look at the best prices available (before fees):
Friday, December 6
Saturday, December 7
Sunday, December 8
Prices and availability are noted at the time of publishing and are subject to change and additional fees.
Related: Taylor Swift ‘Eras Tour’ 2024 final shows: How much are tickets?
The 46-song setlist includes songs from “Lover,” “Fearless,” “Red,” “Speak Now,” “Reputation,” “Folklore/Evermore,” “1989,″ “The Tortured Poets Department” and “Midnights,” in that order.
A complete list of songs is available on setlist.fm.
Can’t get enough live music? Swift isn’t the only touring artist. Check out other favorites who know how to put on an unforgettable show, including Tate McRae, My Chemical Romance, Oasis, Tyler Childers and Dua Lipa.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices