Expert-picked Mother's Day gifts for every type of mom, from $15
Sections
Shows
More
Follow today
More Brands
When Gracie Abrams took the stage for her Citi Concert Series performance on June 28, members of the crowd sported hair bows of all colors as they began screaming with excitement.
Dozens of fans had camped out in line overnight to see Abrams, who often wore bows in her early performances, leading her fans to mimic the hairstyle in support of their favorite singer as she graced the stage on a cool summer morning.
The singer-songwriter arrived on the TODAY Plaza one week after her album "The Secret of Us" dropped on June 21, which debuted at No. 2 on the Billboard Hot 100 — second only to her friend and collaborator, Taylor Swift.
Abrams supported Swift as one of the opening acts on her "Eras Tour" in 2022, and now two years later, she's set to head out on her own headline tour this fall. But before the tour kicked off, Abrams sang four of her hit tracks on TODAY.
“This feels like a dream,” Abrams said on stage, after thunderous applause and cheers from the crowd. “I’m, like, pinching myself. Thank you for having (me) — I keep saying it, but this means a lot to be here, so thank you so much.”
The 24-year-old started her set with "Close To You," before moving to the center of the catwalk to perform "I Miss You, I'm Sorry" on the piano. Her fans went wild when she sang "Risk" and "Blowing Smoke," two new tracks from "The Secret of Us."
In between songs, Abrams waved and blew kisses to her fans, often thanking them for coming, and even handing one high school valedictorian from Hoosick Falls, New York, tickets to one of her three Radio City Music Hall shows in October.
After her performance, Abrams ran up the stairs of Studio 1A to film her "8 Before 8" interview, where she told TODAY.com about her new album and unreleased music — plus all the details about her night in London at Wembley Stadium on June 23, where she joined Swift on stage for the live debut of their duet, "Us."
"Close To You" finally fit, thematically and sonically, in the world of this album, and when I wrote it seven years ago, I was not ready. And so I kind of put it out of my brain, and I'm very grateful that the people that are kind enough to listen to my music were also kind enough to remind me daily for seven years that the song still existed.
So by the time "The Secret of Us" was finished, "Close To You" popped into my head, and it's now seen the light of day, so they were right and I was wrong.
I am not sure when it will... I'm not sure if I'll release that song. But I hear people wanting it and I appreciate that very much.
I don't know exactly when it will fit into the world of my music, but never say never. I'm going to rerecord it. I just am not sure when the right moment is to do so. 
It's pretty cool, and it's totally strange, but it's mostly cool. I think anytime I've found something that's been unreleased online, and I've connected with it as a fan of music, it's, like, you do want that full thing to exist so that you can stream it over and over and over. I completely get that feeling.
I also think it's funny because I write so frequently that I kind of stop relating to a lot of songs that I write kind of fast, and then I feel less compelled to release them. Which isn't necessarily the right way to go about things but that's just historically been my truth, I suppose.
"I miss you, I'm sorry" came first. "I Love You, I'm Sorry" is the book end that goes to the story, with some more perspective on the relationship, which is always nice to have.
There was kind of, like, lots of pure ... just real love around it, after lots of time and this song gave me somewhere to put all that. 
Oh, yeah, I write my lyrics on my Notes app as much as I write in my journal, I would say.
My phone is downstairs! No? Is that a shot? F---. No, I'll do a shot.
(Abrams picks up the two juice shot options.) 
I'll smell it... that is large and in charge ... Alright, cheers.
(Abrams downs the yellow juice shot, grimacing.)
That's delicious. Ooh, it's spicy! Whoa! Love, thank you so much. Now I'm going to be really healthy for the rest of my day. Thank you.
The whole thing was such a good time, honestly. It's hard to describe the magic of the "Eras Tour," to be honest, and it never gets old for two seconds.
This particular show was really special because there was just so many friends and family there to support her. And the tent was a great time. My little brother and my mom came, and Auggie, my little brother, spent a lot of time with Travis and his friends and I think had really truly had time of his life.
Gasps.
I love this woman so much. I love Lainey so much, like before I answer your question, I just have to say, I feel like even if you don't Lainey personally, if you listen to her music, or if even you just see a picture of her, there's something about her that lights up every space that she enters. She's got the purest heart and she is so deeply supportive and I adore her and I will be rooting for her forever and ever and ever.
I texted you, Lainey, two weeks ago? So we want to do... like before the album came out, there's this one song on the album where I was thinking, like, if I were to re-release it eventually, her voice would be my dream to have on this particular song. So if we don't get to write something new first, I just want to hear her on anything ever. Like, it's just, look at this woman. How do you not?
(Abrams holds up a photo of Wilson.)
Like look at her! She's just, I just... she's radiant and she's real and she's just so herself. Look at this face. Actually, it's crazy. I love Lainey, I love Lainey Wilson. And I'm so, so sad that I wasn't at her concert.
I love both, but Joe's because you can get it anywhere. 
Cooking.
It totally depends. I made a really good steak recently. No recipe but just somehow didn't fail miserably. 
I'm going to have to take a shot. No, just kidding (laughs).
Presently, "Tortured Poets."
Rauw, I've never seen you perform, but as a fan, could I have like, a presale code for your next tour? Can I come visit, or like, say hey, or just be somewhere, even far away in the back? I'll like watch and scream — you'll probably hear me, even if I'm in the nosebleeds, if you know what I'm saying. But I would just die. Can I please come to one of your shows?
Anna Kaplan is a news and trending reporter for TODAY.com.
© 2025 NBCUniversal Media, LLCApple®, Apple logo® and App Store® are registered trademarks of Apple Inc.