Taylor Swift’s 2024 “Eras Tour” is heading back to the United States! If you’re ready to sing your heart out to your favorite T-Swift songs performed live, tickets are still available at a variety of price points for her upcoming shows in cities like Miami, New Orleans, and Indianapolis. Or, if you’re willing to travel to Canada, you can check out the viral ‘Eras Tour’ in Toronto or Vancouver BC.
What are the cheapest ‘Eras Tour’ tickets available?
Right now, it looks like the least expensive ticket prices in the United States are for her New Orleans tour. However, you can save almost $1,000 by opting to travel to Vancouver BC for the concert instead.
Are there any ticket discounts, coupon codes for Taylor Swift?
Through a special arrangement, if you are purchasing tickets for the first time through Vivid Seats, use our special discount promo code “Oregon20″ at checkout to save $20 on orders of $200 or more for the event you plan on attending.
What are the other ‘Eras Tour’ dates coming up in the U.S. and North America?
Miami - October 18-20 
New Orleans - October 25-27
Indianapolis - November 1-3
Toronto - November 14-16, 21-23
Vancouver BC - December 6-8
Who will be opening for Taylor Swift on tour?
Singer Gracie Abrams is rumored to be opening on most of Taylor Swift’s U.S. tour dates.
What’s the setlist for the ‘Eras Tour’?
Taylor Swift’s new album “The Tortured Poets Department” was released while she was on break and the following are rumored to have made it into the new version of her 45-song setlist including songs from:
Lover,” “Fearless,” “Red,” “Speak Now,” “Reputation,” “Folklore,” “Evermore,” “1989,″ “The Tortured Poets Department”, and “Midnights”.
Will Swift’s boyfriend Travis Kelce make an appearance on tour?
Football player Kelce is rumored to be very supportive of Swift’s tour and musical career, though it is not yet clear whether he is intending to make an appearance at any of the North American tour dates to support Swift. He has, however, been seen at past concerts.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices