Tonight on "The Voice," the top five artists perform a ballad and an up-tempo song in front of coaches Gwen Stefani, Michael Buble, Reba McEntire, and Snoop Dogg for their chance at the title. The night will also feature Sting-themed duets by the artists while viewers will have the chance to vote for their favorite artist overnight.
Below, read our minute-by-minute "The Voice" recap of Season 26, Episode 18 to find out what happened Monday, Dec. 9 at 8:00 p.m. ET/PT. Then be sure to sound off in the comments section about your favorite artists on NBC's long-running reality TV show, which coach you're rooting for and who you think will ultimately join "The Voice" winners list for this 26th season.
Here are the artists competing in tonight's live finale:
TEAM SNOOP  - Jeremy Beloate
TEAM REBA - Danny Joseph
TEAM GWEN - Sydney Sterlace
TEAM BUBLE - Shye, Sofronio Vasquez
Keep refreshing/reloading this "The Voice" live blog for the most recent updates.
8:03 p.m. -- Martha Stewart opened the show with some constructive criticism of the set and each coach's wardrobe, except for Reba of course, who's "perfect as usual." Next, Carson welcomes viewers to the first part of this finale, reminding everyone that all five finalists were four-chair turns in this season's Blind Auditions.
8:11 p.m. -- First up is Danny Joseph from Team Reba. His coach says they share a love for the "swampy sound." For this round he's singing "Ain't No Love in Oklahoma" by Luke Combs. Gwen says Danny "has it all" and the last note "was amazing." Reba says she feels like a proud parent and that Danny "never, ever disappoints me."
8:20 p.m. -- Jeremy from Team Snoop will perform second. He hopes to give the D-O-Double G his first win by singing "What the World Needs Now." The coaches were on their feet midway through the performance and Snoop is in tears. Michael calls him a "beautiful soul" and says he looks forward to seeing him on Broadway. Snoop wipes away his tears and says, "It's all about the way he makes me feel. You bring that feeling out of me."
8:30 p.m. -- Next up is Team Buble's Shye, who shares a bit of her journal writings before hitting the stage with "One of Us" by Joan Osborne. Reba says she's Shye's "biggest fan" and tells herself not to listen to any "negative thoughts." Buble tells her she's "blessed" to have a voice like that.
8:40 p.m. -- Team Gwen's 16-year old pop star, Sydney, is up next with her rendition of "I Love You, I'm Sorry" by Gracie Abrams. Snoop said "Syd the kid" grew up tonight and looks like she's in the movie "Wicked." Gwen says Sydney is "fulfilling my dream" and she has enjoyed watching the youngster "grow before my eyes."
8:55 p.m. -- Sofronio from Team Buble is up next. After being rejected on the Philippines version of "The Voice," he's got something to prove in the USA. He gets emotional thinking about what it would mean for him to win before hitting the stage with "Unstoppable" by Sia. Reba says the "sky is the limit" for Sofronio and "he's so good." Buble compares him to a superhero.
9:05 p.m. - Jeremy returns for his second performance of the night, "Dancing on My Own," which he sings as a ballad. Gwen calls him "powerful," "perfect," and "very gifted." Snoop compliments his style and ability to control a song.
9:15 p.m. -- Danny returns to rock the stage for Team Reba with his unique take on "Back to Black" by Amy Winehouse. Snoop says he loves how Danny always puts a twist on records and calls him a "superstar." Reba says America should just go ahead and give Danny the win!
9:25 p.m. -- Buble interrupts the competition to bring some holiday cheer, singing "Maybe This Christmas" with Carly Pearce.
9:35 p.m. -- Sofronio is back with a love letter to music. He sings his heart out to "A Million Dreams" from "The Greatest Showman" before breaking down in tears at the very end. Snoop calls Sofronio "big time" and loves that he's singing for his family. Buble is emotional as well, telling his mentee, "I love you and I'm proud of you."
9:47 p.m. -- Team Gwen's final performance of the season will be Sydney belting out "Chasing Cars" by Snow Patrol. Reba tells the youngster that a lot of young people will be looking up to her, so she hopes she uses that powerful voice to be a good example for others. Gwen calls her voice "angelic" and reminds the teenager how proud she is of her.
9:59 p.m. -- Closing out the show is Team Buble's Shye singing "Falling" by Harry Styles. Snoop calls her "exceptional" and looks forward to hearing her make records. Buble says it's all up to the audience now and Shye is "the truth."
10:00 p.m. -- That's a wrap! Now it's up to YOU! Who do you think will win Season 26 of "The Voice"? We'll find out tomorrow on Tuesday's two-hour live finale.
i will vote for sofronio vasquez
Voting for sofronio vasquez
Sofrono, Shye or jeremy but all of them are OUTSTANDING tonight.
I vote for Jeremy
Sofronio for the win👏👏👏
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…
Take a trip back to the Academy Awards ceremonies of the recent past with Gold Derby’s Oscars Playback series. Hosts Joyce Eng and Christopher Rosen recap every Oscar ceremony of the 1990s and 2000s. Joyce and Chris tackle the highs and lows of each show and see how the winners aged. It’s a wonderful night for Oscar, whenever you watch!

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media