“Don't go changing to try and please me. You never let me down before.” – Billy Joel
Billy Joel was a stranger to most of us when his fifth studio album hit the music scene in 1977 featuring the hit single, “Just the Way You Are.”
“I need to know that you will always be, the same old someone that I knew,” he sang.
Joel never dreamed that fans would still be singing these lyrics in 2024 and beyond as he continues to tour the world, including at Soldier Field in June with Stevie Nicks.
Unlike that hit song from nearly 50 years ago, he’s not the same old someone we once knew. And neither are we. All of us have aged although that song remains as young as ever.
“Don't imagine you're too familiar. And I don't see you anymore,” Joel’s first hit song goes.
You may be hearing its melody in your head as you read these lyrics. And you may hum it for the next hour. This is the beauty of timeless music that’s more familiar to us than our own families — it doesn’t age like its musical creators. The songwriters get wrinkles and gray haired and deeper voiced, but their old songs continue to flow from the same fountain of youth.
Joel, who’s now 74, will be performing at Sunday night’s Grammy awards ceremony in Los Angeles, likely performing his new song, “Turn the Lights Back On,” his first original song since 2007. The four-minute pop ballad features his famous piano playing and familiar voice, sounding like an old friend showing up on our front porch.
“Please open the door. Nothing is different, we've been here before,” the song begins.
For longtime fans of the Piano Man, nothing is different with his hit songs from decades ago. Same lyrics. Same melody. Same chorus. And yet so many things are different in our life when we hear them again and again. New jobs. New partners. New friends. New memories.
We don't know how fast time goes until we get there. One minute we’re racing through a high school hallway singing our favorite songs. The next minute we’re wandering through our grandchildren’s school wondering what happened to all those years in between classes.
“Pacing these halls, trying to talk over the silence,” Joel sings in his new song.
Its lyrics offer a mischievous grin and a wink to older fans who haven’t heard from him for too long.
The song’s chorus feels like an apologetic love note: “I’m late, but I’m here right now. Though I used to be romantic, I forgot somehow, time can make you blind.”
Time can also make you wince when your musical heroes are nothing like they were in your youth. For instance, 80-year-old Joni Mitchell, who also will be performing at Sunday night’s awards show. She was nominated for what could be her 10th Grammy, not to mention a lifetime achievement award in 2002. But I have no interest in watching her perform live.
Mitchell
I feel the same about other older artists including Bob Dylan, Willie Nelson, Debbie Harry and Patti Smith. Kudos to them for still taking the stage, but it’s not as entertaining for me. Instead of enjoying them just the way they are, I more enjoy their music just the way they were.
I’m also unfairly critical of some new, younger performers who take the stage at the Grammys each year. I feel 100 years old watching some of these new performers and wondering why they’re so darn popular.
Canadian folk singer and songwriter Joni Mitchell, strumming her guitar outside The Revolution club in London on Sept. 18, 1968.
Here are some of the names nominated for Best New Artist this year: Gracie Abrams, Fred again…, Ice Spice, Coco Jones and Victoria Monét. Who? Huh? What? But I felt the same way a few years ago about Billie Ellish and H.E.R., who I both very much enjoy now.
Taylor Swift’s music reminds us that a poet’s words dancing in unison with a musician’s sounds can move us to tears, smiles and nostalgic recollections, all in the same song if it’s done right. These songs can also enrage us, mesmerize us and enthrall us. The classics anyway. And when they’re performed live for us, with hundreds or thousands of other fans in the same venue, it can feel like a religious experience.
Live concerts of our favorite performer should epitomize all of these feelings into a singular celebration that transcends musical genres, music venues and music itself. The experience can catapult us to the stars, far beyond the star that’s performing on stage.
Grammy Awards are displayed at the Grammy Museum Experience at Prudential Center on Oct. 10, 2017, in Newark, N.J.
Will this happen Sunday night when Joel performs at the Grammys? Will the piano sound like a carnival? Will the microphone smell like a beer? Our musical memories of him hope so.
“But I see you now, as we’re laying in the darkness. Did I wait too long, to turn the lights back on,” his new song asks.
I’m curious to see if his new music illuminates my life as much as his old music.
So come on, Billy, show me a sign. Send up a signal, I'll throw you the line. Only the good die young.
Contact Jerry at Jerry.Davich@nwi.com. Find him on Facebook and other socials. Opinions are those of the writer.
Get opinion pieces, letters and editorials sent directly to your inbox weekly!
“I am surprised how many people still either don't know about it or maybe think it's something they can fix very easily,” said Lake Circuit Co…
“Organ donation saves lives. I’m a living testament to that,” said Carl Summerhill of Valparaiso. “If it wasn’t for Ben, I’d be going six feet under."
Imagine a community space where creativity comes to life, where young minds are inspired, where ideas become reality, and where people gather …
First introduced in Connecticut, the free, anonymous program is a communication tool between motorists who are on the autism spectrum and law …
Weeks of detailed plans. Days of nervous anxiety. Hours of stress leading up to the big moment. But a missing cake almost ruined this couple's…
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Sign up with
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Sign in with
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.