By ASHLEIGH GRAY FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  08:10, 9 December 2024   |  Updated:  10:22, 10 December 2024   
 15
View  comments
Taylor Swift has returned to dominate the Billboard 200 albums chart as her latest album The Tortured Poets Department has reached the number one slot again.
Per Variety, the Anthology deluxe version of the project — available exclusively at Target — has boosted sales as fans snag the kit's four vinyls and two CD sets.
The new edition of TTPD sold 405,000 album units in North America following its week one tally.
Swift exceeded her own record for biggest week for any album with 368,000 traditional album units sold. 
It previously sold 439,000 units in its second week after an April 2024 release.
The milestone marks the album's 16th non-consecutive week at number one after Taylor's 12-week streak broke Whitney Houston's 1987 11-week record for the only female album to spend that long at number one.
Taylor Swift has returned to dominate the Billboard 200 albums chart as her latest album The Tortured Poets Department has reached the number one slot again; pictured in October 2023
The Anthology deluxe version of the project - available exclusively at Target - has boosted sales as fans snag the kit's four vinyls and two CD sets
Trailing behind Taylor are Kendrick Lamar's GNX, the Wicked soundtrack, The Party Never Ends by Juice WRLD, and Sabrina Carpenter's Short n' Sweet.
It comes as the songstress wrapped her final Eras Tour performance in Vancouver on Sunday evening.
Gracie Abrams was the opening act for the back-to-back final performances on December 6, 7, and 8 at BC Place stadium. 
Made up of distinct 'eras' based on her 10 studio albums, the singer's tour broke multiple records with its three-hour-long, 40-song setlist.
It also spawned other successes for Swift, including Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour concert movie and The Eras Tour Book.
Swift revealed while performing in Paris in May that she had been working on The Tortured Poets Department segment of her tour since 2023.
After revamping the production, she took a moment during her show to share details with her fans.
'We started planning this surprise for you about eight or nine months ago and then when we got "two months off" of the Eras Tour, we really didn’t take any time off at all.
The new edition of TTPD sold 405,000 album units in North America following its week one tally 
The final Eras Tour performances took place on December 6, 7, and 8 at BC Place stadium in Vancouver
Swift revamped her sold-out tour, which began in March 2023, earlier this year to include her latest music from TTPD
'We just went directly back into rehearsals. So I’d like to give it up for my crew, my dancers, and my band,' she said during a break in the music.
The Tortured Poets Department was released on April 19 and is Taylor's eleventh studio album.
Swift returned to her tour in style, unveiling new outfits on stage in Europe in the spring while treating concertgoers to an edited setlist, with six songs replaced by new tracks from TTPD.
Plenty of celebrities flocked to the shows, with stars like Bethenny Frankel, Blake Lively, Ryan Reynolds, Gigi Hadid, and more attending.
Following the end of her tour, which began in March 2023, the Pennsylvania native plans to take a year off work, according to Us Weekly.
During her downtime she will spend time with her boyfriend of more than one year, Kansas City Chiefs football star Travis Kelce.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group