It Ends With Us actress Blake Lively has come under fire once again following the resurfacing of a clip in which she uses the transphobic slur ‘t****y’. 
The actress, 36, has faced a wave of criticism in recent weeks amid claims of an on-set feud with her co-star Justin Baldoni, 40, and resurfaced interviews in which she allegedly made reporters feel ‘uncomfortable’. 
And it seems her troubles are not yet over, with social media users diving deep into the archives where they have found a series of past interviews in which the Gossip Girl alumn appears to use a transphobic slur multiple times. 
Taking to X, user Joshcharles_21 posted an image of an extract of an interview Blake did with Elle Magazine in the early years of her career, where she revealed she wants daughters or ‘t******s’ when she becomes a parent. 
‘I hope to have a few girls one day. If not girls, they’d better be t******s. Because I have some amazing shoes and bags and stories that need to be appreciated,’ the extract read. 
The user captioned the post: ‘Sometimes I’ll be quietly going about my day then ill remember the time Blake Lively said this to a journalist’. 
sometimes ill be quietly going about my day and then ill remember the time blake lively said this to a journalist pic.twitter.com/SIHZcrlzui
It quickly went viral on the social media app, and many shared their thoughts on the use of the slur. 
SaturnYoshi wrote: ‘Not Lady Deadpool….,’ while themiss_andry1 added: ‘She’s right but why would she use the T slur’. 
Others defended the actress, pointing out that the word ‘wasn’t seen as derogatory in those days’. 
AsiasTweetybird wrote: ‘Im kinda her biggest critic/hater right now but I must say that the word “t****y” wasn’t seen as derogatory back in those days. It was just short for transexual’. 
DemiSutra added: ‘I’m actually not mad at this at all. The word was throw around a lot back in the day. If it was said today it would be problematic, but nothing is wrong w wishing for a trans child.’ 
The original tweet prompted others to look into other old interviews with one person, AlliApplebum revealing she found another example of the actress using the term. 
She said it again here too. The early 2000s were a terrible time for language like this, so many people casually used these words. pic.twitter.com/cK8VLH3gFN
Reposting an interview Blake did with NylonTV and her then-Gossip Girl co-star, Leighton Meester, the star addressed claims she and Leighton ‘didn’t get on’. 
‘If you read the gossip magazines, everybody is dating everyone, everybody hates everyone, everybody has had like tons of plastic surgery and they’re actually men and t******s. It’s just like: you don’t listen to the rumors,’ she said. 
Again, users were torn over whether the actress meant any harm with her comment. 
Halcyonheid said: ‘As a millennial I didn’t know this was a derogatory term until a few years ago. It was so casually used that I grew up thinking it was correct & appropriate.’
AlfieRomance added: ‘Btw she was a pretty vocal ally this was one of those times where the language didn’t age well but the intention aged like fine wine.’ 
Another was ‘embarrassed’ by the use of the word, with Chirleeee writing: ‘I think back to the language we used back in the day and I’m so embarrassed we allowed it thankfully people have moved on’ 
Hellmark agreed: ‘I’m so glad things have gotten better.’ 
Blake has not responded to the resurfaced interviews, but in the years since she used the slur, she has been seen to be an ally to the LGBTQ+ community. 
In 2017, when former US President and Republican candidate Donald Trump said he wanted to reinstate the ban preventing transgender individuals from serving in the United States Military, Blake took to Instagram to speak against him.
‘THIS is America. WE the people. ALL THE PEOPLE. Today I stand with our fellow citizens. No human being is a burden. I believe in equality. In freedom. In opportunity. In kindness, acceptance, and fairness. I believe in this country, so I, and many others, sign the petition linked in the bio. Please join.’ 
This isn’t the first old interview the actress has been called out for in recent weeks. Elsewhere, a journalist called Kjersti Flaa claimed a sit-down with Blake was so ‘uncomfortable’ it made her want to ‘quit’ her job. 
The journalist shared a video on YouTube from 2016 in which she sat down with the A Simple Favor actress and Parker Posey to discuss their then-recently released film, Cafe Society.
At the time of the interview, Blake was pregnant with her and her husband, Ryan Reynolds’ second child, prompting Kjersti to offer her congratulations by saying: ‘First of all, congrats on your little bump.’
Blake appeared surprised by the comment, and instead of thanking the reporter, she sarcastically quipped back, ‘Congrats on your little bump.’
The interview continued, however, it appeared to be a hostile environment with Blake calling out Kjersti again later for her question about the film’s wardrobe. 
Speaking to Daily Mail, Kjersti revealed the impact of the interview, claiming it made her feel ‘like a complete failure’ and had her wondering if she even wanted to continue doing celebrity interviews. 
She also revealed her fertility struggles, saying: ‘[Her comment] left me almost paralysed. To be honest it hurts because I obviously wasn’t pregnant and I could never get pregnant so to me that comment was like a bullet. ‘
Another interview in 2017 about her movie All I See Is You also resurfaced and appeared to show Blake becoming increasingly annoyed with the reporter.
Metro.co.uk has contacted Blake’s rep for comment.
Got a story?
If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.
Arrow
MORE: The Paul Mescal and Gracie Abrams photos that ‘confirm’ new romance
Arrow
MORE: Bond girl praises her 007 co-star for ‘restoring faith in men’ on movie’s set
Arrow
MORE: Don McLean: ‘I predicted all this woke BS with American Pie’