Expert-picked Mother's Day gifts for every type of mom, from $15
Sections
Shows
More
Follow today
More Brands
It was a TODAY night out at the Taylor Swift concert in Miami!
Savannah Guthrie, Hoda Kotb, Jenna Bush Hager and Lindsay Czarniak, Craig Melvin’s wife, attended the pop star’s “Eras Tour” show at the Hard Rock Stadium on Oct. 18.
They were accompanied by their kids for a family fun outing and many shared pics on social media of the exciting evening.
Savannah and daughter Vale were all decked out in black with her husband, Mike Feldman, son Charley and herself wearing tops with Swift lyrics stitched in the fabric. 
"Knows every song (all too well)," read her husband's shirt, a nod to Swift's hit "All Too Well," as was Savannah's shirt which read "I was there, I was there."
"Listening to the kind of music she doesn't like," read her son's, which referenced "You Belong With Me." Savannah also shared a photo with Jenna on the balcony with another friend.
Czarniak posted to Instagram as well with a photo of her with her and Craig's daughter, Sybil, wearing pink and glitter as they headed out to the stadium.
Meanwhile, Hoda posted an Instagram carousel from Friday night's festivities on Oct. 19, sharing group shots that included Guthrie,  Bush Hager and their kids at the concert.
She captioned the post: "SWIFTIES!!!"
While on TODAY Oct. 21, Savannah and Hoda reflected on the "amazing" time they had with their kids at the show, and gave a specific shoutout to Charley and his outfit. 
"Charley was in, I've got to say, he really rocked it," Hoda shared. 
"He isn't a Swiftie, but he is now," Savannah responded, calling his outfit of choice "sassy" and that it was "his idea." 
Savannah and Vale had previously had a sweet mother-daughter Swift girls night back in August of 2023. The pair flew across the country to attend the Los Angeles show. 
Swift has been on her highly successful "Eras Tour" since March 2023. The world tour has been on break since mid-August of this year. The last leg of the tour kicked off Oct. 18 and will run until Dec. 8, 2024. 
Swifties have had a blast seeing acts like Paramore, Sabrina Carpenter, Gracie Abrams and more open for the pop star. Fans have also been excited to see Swift's boyfriend, Travis Kelce, attending and even performing during one show on the tour. 
Liz Calvario is a Los Angeles-based reporter and editor for TODAY.com who covers entertainment, pop culture and trending news.
© 2025 NBCUniversal Media, LLCApple®, Apple logo® and App Store® are registered trademarks of Apple Inc.