By 

	William Vaillancourt


Gracie Abrams debuted as Saturday Night Live musical guest with a song from The Secret of Us, as well as an additional track in the deluxe version of that album.

	Abrams led off with “That’s So True,” which he had been performing during her Secret of Us tour before including it on The Secret of US Deluxe in October. “That’s So True” is one of four new tracks and three live versions of songs on the original album. (And apparently there’s a “very vulgar” version of it, the songwriter revealed to friend and co-writer Audrey Hobert last month for Spotify’s “You’re Invited, I’m Sorry: An Evening with Gracie Abrams” event.)

	Abrams’ second performance was of “I Love You, I’m Sorry,” the third single from the June version of The Secret of Us, which was generally well-received.

	“The folky-pop LP is a proper showcase of Abrams’ songwriting, sharpening up some of the clichés and adolescent metaphors from her debut,” as Rolling Stone wrote in a review, referencing Gracie’s first album, 2023’s Good Riddance. That album earned Abrams Grammy and MTV Video Music Awards nominations for Best New Artist.

	











	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	








	At next year’s Grammys, Abrams is nominated for Best Pop Duo for “Us.” Also from The Secret of Us, it features Taylor Swift, who Abrams opened for on the recently competed Eras Tour.

	Earlier this week, Abrams announced a tour in support of her recent album. After hitting Europe and Asia early next year, she starts a run of shows in North America in July.
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.