Suki Waterhouse is introducing her new band member.
The Daisy Jones & The Six star, who recently welcomed her first child with fiancé Robert Pattinson, shared a photo of their newborn baby on Instagram April 4.
Alongside the picture of Suki cradling their bundle of joy, wearing an adorable onesie with hearts on it, she wrote, "welcome to the world angel."
The pair has yet to publicly share the name or sex of their newborn.
Suki's sweet snap, in which the baby's face is strategically covered by the model's hand for privacy, quickly received a flood of comments from fans and friends, including Gracie Abrams who wrote, "I love you."
Meanwhile, Nina Dobrev commented "congratulations" alongside a series of heart emojis and Maggie Q echoed, "CONGRATULATIONS!!!!!!!!!"
And Paris Hilton, who shares two kids with husband Carter Reum, also wrote to Suki and Rob, "So happy for you both!"
The first photo of the "Melrose Meltdown" singer and the Twilight alum's baby comes over one week after they were spotted pushing a stroller while out for a walk in Los Angeles March 25.
Suki, 32, first confirmed that she and Rob, 37, were expecting when she debuted her baby bump at the Corona Capital Music Festival in November.
"I decided to wear something particularly sparkly because I thought it might distract you from something else that's going on," she told the crowd, "I'm not sure if it's working."
A post shared by Suki Waterhouse (@sukiwaterhouse)
And although the couple—who recently got engaged—has remained private about their romance over the years, they have shared rare insight into their relationship.
"I'm always incredibly excited when I see his name pop up [on my phone] or even a text," she told The Sunday Times in February 2023, "and I think he feels the same about me."
Keep reading to revisit Suki and Rob's road to parenthood...
Romance Rumors
Suki Waterhouse and Robert Pattinson first sparked relationship speculation in July 2018, when they were photographed on a PDA-filled date night in London.
Red Carpet Debut
In Dec. 2022, the private pair made their relationship red carpet official at Dior's fashion show in Egypt...
The Look of Love
...where they couldn't help but show off their love.
Met Gala Moment
The Daisy Jones actress and the Twilight alum turned the 2023 Met Gala into a date night on the first Monday in May.
Camera Ready
The couple attended GO Campaign's 17th annual GO Gala at Citizen News in Hollywood on Oct. 21.
Movie Night
About two weeks after Suki confirmed her pregnancy, she and Rob went to the Poor Things premiere in New York. And they weren't the only stars there as Taylor Swift was also at the event.
Strike a Pose
In February 2023, Suki shared rare insight into her relationship with Rob. "I'm always incredibly excited when I see his name pop up [on my phone] or even a text, and I think he feels the same about me," she told The Sunday Times. "We've always got so much to say, and I find him hilarious."
Supporting Each Other
"Rob definitely isn't getting advice from me about acting," Suki shared with The Sunday Times, "but of course I'll try and get him to help me with an audition before he falls asleep on the sofa."
Baby Joy
The singer introduced the couple's baby on Instagram April 4, writing, "welcome to the world angel."
Parents' Day Out
The pair made their first official joint appearance since welcoming their daugher Oct. 5, 2024 at the Veuve Clicquot Polo Classic in Pacific Palisades, Calif.
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.