The category features eight nominees and no clear frontrunner.

													By
												

	Hannah Dailey


	Seasoned veterans dominated in this year’s major Grammy categories, but come time for the best new artist reveal, it’ll be eight of music’s freshest faces that get a moment to shine.

	The rising stars in the running for 2024’s best new artist span all ages, backgrounds and genres, but they all have one thing in common — each one shook up their respective corners of the music world in the past year alone. For starters, there’s Ice Spice, who collaborated with Nicki Minaj and Taylor Swift, scored four top 10 hits on the Billboard Hot 100 and landed a feature on Greta Gerwig’s Barbie soundtrack in 2023. (The 24-year-old may also be the first nominee to ever drop a song with the word “fart” in its title just days before the Grammy ceremony.)

	










	Speaking of Swift — who is nominated six times this year — the pop superstar has two musicians to root for in the best new artist race. In addition to Ice, she’s also buddies with 24-year-old Gracie Abrams, who opened for a slew of Eras Tour dates last year after dropping her long awaited debut album Good Riddance. The “Anti-Hero” singer was one of the first people to congratulate Abrams when the nominations dropped in November, as the indie pop darling previously revealed to Billboard. 




			Trending on Billboard		






	Who else did Abrams celebrate with? Fellow nominee Noah Kahan, whose Stick Season has been a mainstay on the charts since its 2023 re-release. “Noah FaceTimed me immediately, and he’s just the f–king best ever,” she gushed at the time. “We kind of were just screaming at each other on the phone like, ‘Let’s pregame and sit with our moms at the awards!’”

	When it comes to the country space, however, possibly no one’s name was brought up more this year than Jelly Roll’s. The genre-bending Nashville native made history on the rock and country charts this year thanks to his single “Need A Favor.”

	Longtime Ariana Grande collaborator Victoria Monét is also getting her flowers at this year’s awards. She’s the only best new artist nominee this year to also have a nod in one of the other “Big Four” categories, with her song “On My Mama” making the running for record of the year.

	Rounding out the category are “ICU” singer Coco Jones, English DJ fred again.. and husband-and-wife duo The War and Treaty. Most of the candidates brushed shoulders and gave performances at Spotify’s best new artist party Thursday night (Feb. 1), one of many Grammy week events in the build-up to the big night.

	










	And though it’s ultimately up to the Recording Academy to whom the award goes, you have the chance to decide below. Vote for who you think should take the best new artist crown at the 2024 Grammys here:
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.