After playing six vibrant, sold-out shows in Toronto, Taylor Swift has packed up her stage and is headed to Vancouver, where she will play the last three shows before closing out the Eras Tour.
Sold out crowd at The Eras Tour closing night Toronto – Photo Credit: Briar Wilson
The tour has spanned nearly 21 months and has travelled across the globe. It has been a record-breaking tour and is the longest tour the pop singer has ever done. 
Each Toronto show kicked off at 6:45 with opener Gracie Abrams taking the stage. On closing night, Abrams was grateful to the crowd, when the stadium was lit up for her performance of ‘Let It Happen’, when she exclaimed “It’s so pretty, thank you!” as fans held up their cell phone lights.
Fans light up stadium for Gracie Abrams – Photo Credit: Briar Wilson
Abrams shared gratitude as she closed out her set, sharing that Toronto has been very welcoming, and she’s loved visiting. 
Swift took the stage around 8:50, opening with the popular song ‘Miss Americana & The Heartbreak Prince’. Swift played her set as normal until she hit an emotional moment with the crowd after ‘Champagne Problems.’
It is a fan tradition on the Eras Tour for the crowd to deliver an exceptionally loud applause after the performance of the song ‘Champagne Problems’, however, this night’s applause was slightly different. 
The crowd erupted in loud cheers and claps for over three minutes; Swift sat at her piano silently admiring, looking out over the cheering crowd. She then removed her earpiece, soaking up every second of the loving cheers.
Taylor Swift sheds tears of gratitude with Toronto fans – Photo Credit: Briar Wilson
Swift went to speak, thanking the crowd for their love, when her voice broke, and she wiped tears. 
“You doing that.. you have no idea how much that means to me and my…to my band, to my crew and everyone who’s put so much of this into this tour and into there… I don’t even know what I am saying anymore… I’m just having a bit of a moment. I’m sorry.” Shared Swift with the devoted crowd. 
Taylor has shared throughout many shows that this tour has meant a great deal to her, and is “the most fun I have ever had on a tour” said Swift. 
As it comes to an end, there is no doubt that it is an emotional goodbye for both Swift and the fans who have attended shows, tuned into live streams, and celebrated this tour so lovingly for nearly two years.
The closing act of the Eras Tour – Photo Credit: Briar Wilson
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.