Julia Hunt is a freelance Newsweek reporter based in the UK. Her focus is reporting on entertainment. She has extensively covered pop culture and the world of showbiz. Julia joined Newsweek as a freelancer in 2024. She studied literature at university. Languages: English. You can get in touch with Julia by emailing j.hunt@newsweek.com.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
In this series, Newsweek is recapping every show Taylor Swift has performed on the Eras Tour, city by city.
Swift made history in the U.K. as she took her Eras Tour to London for a second stint. The singer performed a string of dates in the city in June and circled back in August for another five concerts.
Her final night, on August 10, set a record, making her the first solo star to play Wembley Stadium eight times on one tour. Michael Jackson had held the record since 1988 after he performed seven shows at Wembley Stadium as part of his Bad Tour.
"You just made me the first solo artist to ever play Wembley eight times in a single tour," Swift told fans from the stage. "We will never, ever be able to thank you enough for it."
Wembley Stadium also marked a milestone by presenting the chart-topper with a bespoke guitar and some personalized guitar plectrums, which were shipped back to her home in Nashville, Tennessee, as she continued on the road.
The London gig marked the end of the European leg of Swift's tour, and she then headed back to the U.S. for her Miami dates.
Swift said on Instagram that "walking onstage in London was a roller coaster of emotions" as it came after the cancellation of her Vienna concerts. The singer had been set to perform in the Austrian capital earlier in August, but her gigs were called off after a planned terror attack was uncovered.
However, she said the London stint felt "like a beautiful dream sequence."
"All five crowds at Wembley Stadium were bursting with passion, joy and exuberance," she said. "The energy in that stadium was like the most giant bear hug from 92,000 people each night, and it brought me back to a place of carefree calm up there."
June 21: "Hits Different"/"Death by a Thousand Cuts" and "The Black Dog"/"Come Back...Be Here"/"Maroon"
June 22: "Thank You Aimee"/"Mean" and "Castles Crumbling" with Hayley Williams
June 23: "Us" with Gracie Abrams and "Out of the Woods"/"Is It Over Now?"/"Clean"
August 15: "Everything Has Changed"/"End Game"/"Thinking Out Loud" with Ed Sheeran and "King of My Heart"/"The Alchemy"
August 16: "London Boy" and "Dear John"/"Sad Beautiful Tragic"
August 17: "I Did Something Bad" and "My Boy Only Breaks His Favorite Toys"/"Coney Island"
August 19: "Long Live"/"Change" and "The Archer"/"You're on Your Own, Kid"
August 20: "Death by A Thousand Cuts"/"Getaway Car" and "So Long, London"
Learn more about all the record-breaking, sentimental and just downright hilarious moments from Swift's Eras Tour with Newsweek's interactive timeline and map here.
Were you at any of Swift's London shows? Tell us your favorite moment in the comments.
Julia Hunt is a freelance Newsweek reporter based in the UK. Her focus is reporting on entertainment. She has extensively covered pop culture and the world of showbiz. Julia joined Newsweek as a freelancer in 2024. She studied literature at university. Languages: English. You can get in touch with Julia by emailing j.hunt@newsweek.com.
Julia Hunt is a freelance Newsweek reporter based in the UK. Her focus is reporting on entertainment. She has extensively covered pop culture and the world of showbiz. Julia joined Newsweek as a freelancer in 2024. She studied literature at university. Languages: English. You can get in touch with Julia by emailing j.hunt@newsweek.com.
Julia Hunt is a freelance Newsweek reporter based in the UK. Her focus is reporting on entertainment. She has extensively                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC