Miley Cyrus is making sure to breakout with her 2024 Grammy Awards look.
The Flowers singer wasn't afraid to show some skin as she took the red carpet in an Egyptian goddess-inspired chainlink dress. The golden-coloured dress left little to the imagination as only her private bits were fully covered.
Miley had her brunette locks done up in a Farrah Fawcett like style with one strand falling across her face. She wore yellow heels on her feet as she struck a pose on the red carpet.
Click here to follow the Mirror US on Google News to stay up to date with all the latest news, sport and entertainment stories.
READ MORE: Who has the most Song Of The Year Grammy nominations? This pop star just broke the record
The 31-year-old is nominated for six Grammy awards this year. She's also performing her hit song Flowers during the show.
Miley's album Endless Summer Vacation is up for Album of the Year and Best Pop Vocal Album. Her song Flowers is up for Record of The Year, Song of the Year, and Best Pop Solo Performance. Her duet with Brandi Carlile, Thousand Miles, is up for Best Pop Duo/Group Performance.
She's been nominated for a Grammy twice before, once for her 2015 album Bangerz for Best Pop Vocal Album and again in 2022 for her contributions to Lil Nas X's Montero for Album of the Year.
The 66th Grammy Awards takes place at the Crypto.com arena in Los Angeles on Sunday night. The show is hosted by South African comedian Trevor Noah.
SZA is nominated for the most awards with nine total. She was followed by Victoria Monet, Phoebe Bridgers, and Serban Ghena with seven each.
Miley is fighting for the big awards - Record of the Year, Album of the Year, and Song of the Year - against Billie Eilish, Taylor Swift, Olivia Rodrigo, and SZA. Best New Artist nominees include Gracie Abrams, Fred Again, Ice Spice, Jelly Roll, Coco Jones, Noah Kahlan, Victoria Monet, and The War and Treaty.
Presenters include A-List stars like Meryl Streep, Oprah Winfrey, and Lenny Kravitz. There will also be performances by Olivia Rodrigo, Billy Joel, Billie Eilish, and more. Joni Mitchell is making her Grammy debut for the first time in her decades-long career, performing with Grammy winner Brandi Carlile.
U2 will have their performance recorded from their residency at the Sphere in Las Vegas. Stevie Wonder, Annie, Lennox, Wendy & Lisa, Fantasia, and Jon Batiste are performing during the In Memoriam segment that will highlight those from the music industry who died last year like Sinead O'Connor, Jimmy Buffet, and Tony Bennett.
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.