There’s no way we’re missing Gracie *and* Role Model live.
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we love. Promise.
Let’s be real: Gracie Abrams dropped one of the best situationship albums this year and expanded upon it with a few more tracks for a deluxe edition. The Secret of Us (Deluxe)brought us TikTok’s fave bridge on “That’s So True,” as well as diary entry lyricism on songs like “Cool” and “I Told You Things.” Gracie may have wrapped her run on Taylor Swift’s Eras Tour, but the good news is she’s headed on the road next year to play a slew of TSOU shows. Like her last headlining tour, she’s bringing Cosmo Fave, Role Model, along for the ride.
There are only 10 shows on this leg, but thankfully, Gracie is hitting the stage at bigger venues like NYC’s Madison Square Garden and L.A.’s Kia Forum. That being said! It’s time to prepare for presales and snag tickets to the show before they sell out (because...you know they will, and you definitely can’t miss the opportunity to vibe to “Close to You”).
As someone who attends live shows for a living, I know a thing or two about The Great War that is snagging concert tickets (and successfully made it to the Eras Tour). Here are my personal best practices.
According to Gracie’s official website, her artist presale went down on Thursday, December 12 on TicketMaster. There’s another chance to grab tix as they were available for public sale on Friday, December 13. Tickets are still on sale while supplies last.
Nobody needs additional stress while checking out...which is exactly why you should add your most up-to-date payment info to your account. I can’t recommend keeping a few email addresses and card info on deck enough, because they really come in clutch in case there are any issues during checkout. 
Oh, and ~pro tip~: Take a look at your venue’s seating chart so you waste no time searching during the sale!
I already know you and your situationship support group are ready to let loose at Gracie’s show. However, there’s one major bummer: Some retailers only allow you to snag three tickets at once. If you’re in a bigger group, you may want to split up and try different sections to snag seats successfully.
Missed out on the presale? No problem. Try your luck for resale tickets on other retailers like SeatGeek and StubHub.
TicketMaster SeatGeek StubHub VividSeats GameTime
Time to Cure Your FOMO and Buy Beyoncé Tickets
All the Celebs at Beyoncé’s ‘Cowboy Carter’ Tour
Tap Into Beyoncé’s ‘Cowboy Carter’ Tour Setlist
What to Wear to Beyoncé’s 'Cowboy Carter' Tour
Celeb Link-Ups That Went Down at Coachella
Coachella’s Heineken House Brings Big VIP Vibes
6 Can’t-Miss Coachella Sets, Ranked
Clairo Makes a Charming Comeback to Coachella
Gagachella 2.0 Is Nothing Short of Epic
TiK ToK, It’s Time to Buy Kesha Tickets
Your Guide to Snagging Gaga’s ‘Mayhem’ Ball Tix
JoJo Siwa Defends Why Her VIP Tickets Cost $900
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.