By 

	Kory Grow


	Earlier this month, the Pretenders kicked off a European tour, and while on the road, Chrissie Hynde was able to catch another big show: Taylor Swift‘s Eras Tour. In an Instagram message, Hynde wrote about how bowled over she was by Swift.

	“I saw Taylor Swift (you may have heard of her) in concert the other day,” Hynde wrote. “Just shows you what a girl with a guitar can do. Last time I loved a show that much was Aldous Harding. You remember me raving about it.”
A post shared by Chrissie Hynde (@chrissiehyndemusic)

	She also encouraged any girls reading the post to follow in Swift’s and her own footsteps. “So if you haven’t already — go out there and get yourselves a guitar,” Hynde wrote. “You’ll never be alone again as long as you have it by your side.”





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	








	Last week, Swift played three nights at London’s Wembley Stadium, which Swift estimated held about 90,000 people at each concert. Paramore’s Hayley Williams joined Swift onstage at one of the concerts to perform “Castles Crumbling” at one of the concerts, while Gracie Abrams sang her own “Us” with Swift at the same show another famous paramour, Travis Kelce, appeared onstage in costume for “I Can Do It With a Broken Heart.” The Ears Tour will kick off a multi-night sting in Dublin next.

	










The Pretenders will come to the United States next month for a run of dates supporting their recent Relentless album. The gigs, which include several dates opening for Foo Fighters, run through August. They’ll then return to Europe and cap off the fall with a run of U.K. dates in October. Full details are on their website.
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.