ByCelia Shatzman
ByCelia Shatzman,
 Senior Contributor. 
A necklace from Chanel's fine jewelry collection
Incredibly pristine antique Coromandel screens dating back to 17th century China line a room in the mezzanine floor of the newly opened Chanel flagship boutique on Fifth Avenue in Manhattan, the first dedicated to fine jewelry and watches in the US. It’s easy to imagine the screens in a museum or a stately mansion, but they belong perfectly in the fine jewelry salon reserved for private client appointments. The panels have captivated people for centuries, including Gabrielle “Coco” Chanel herself, as one depicting a mountainous landscape was once in the legendary 18 Place Vendôme boutique in Paris.
Coco was introduced to Coromandel screens by Boy Capel and decorated her apartment with them. “In a sense, it was a way to embark on an imaginary journey,” says Frédéric Grangié, Global President of Chanel Watches & Jewelry. “She was fascinated by these scenes. We wanted to have this type of atmosphere, which is not only a nod to Gabrielle Chanel's apartment, but also to our flagship in Paris at 18 Place Vendôme. This project has been a long time coming.”
NEW YORK, NEW YORK - FEBRUARY 07: Kerry Washington and Carey Mulligan, both wearing CHANEL, attend ... More the CHANEL Dinner to celebrate the Watches & Fine Jewelry Fifth Avenue Flagship Boutique Opening on February 07, 2024 in New York City. (Photo by Dimitrios Kambouris/WireImage)
Chanel celebrated the boutique opening with a dinner on February 7, attended by Sadie Sink, Carey Mulligan, America Ferrera, Amandla Stenberg, Michelle Williams, Katie Holmes, Seth Meyers, Lucy Boynton, Rachel Brosnahan, Rose Byrne, Dianna Agron, Annabelle Dexter-Jones, Lori Harvey, Chriselle Lim and Kerry Washington, among other luminaries, culminating in a surprise performance from Grammy-nominated artist, Gracie Abrams.
The New York boutique itself is as much a jewel as its offerings. Designed by long-time Chanel collaborator architect Peter Marino, the magnificent two-story space pays homage to Chanel’s 18 Place Vendôme, home to a watches and fine jewelry boutique, workshop and creation studios, as well as the famous interiors of Gabrielle Chanel’s Paris apartment at 31 Rue Cambon, which showcases her inimitable style and her dedication to art and décor. Yet, the new boutique has an identity of its own that embraces the glamour of New York.
FEATURED | Frase ByForbes™
Unscramble The Anagram To Reveal The Phrase
Pinpoint By Linkedin
Guess The Category
Queens By Linkedin
Crown Each Region
Crossclimb By Linkedin
Unlock A Trivia Ladder
Inside Chanel’s new Watch & Fine Jewelry Flagship on Fifth Avenue
“I'm fascinated by the way that, for example, every table is custom made,” Grangié says. “Every single item of furniture or art is personalized and you will not find it anywhere else. There are more than 30 unique pieces of furniture and pieces of artwork. That's what makes it very, very special.”
The store is located at 730 Fifth Avenue in the Beaux-Arts Crown Building that was built in 1921. Having the right location was paramount and it took years for the Chanel team to find the perfect one, which is why Grangié considers the location a “once in a lifetime opportunity.” Grangié points out that there are only two world famous shopping avenues in the world: The Champ Elysees in Paris and Fifth Avenue. “The US has always been one of our key markets in the world,” he says. “Fifth Avenue was the only place where we wanted to open a flagship boutique. The problem with Fifth Avenue is that the most prestigious part of the avenue is very small, and so we looked for a location for many years. The US has always been one of the most dynamic, but also sophisticated markets for jewelry and watches in the world. This opening goes beyond New York.”
NEW YORK, NEW YORK - FEBRUARY 07: (L-R) America Ferrera and Amandla Stenberg, both wearing CHANEL, ... More attend the CHANEL Dinner to celebrate the Watches & Fine Jewelry Fifth Avenue Flagship Boutique Opening on February 07, 2024 in New York City. (Photo by Dimitrios Kambouris/WireImage)
Like 31 Rue Cambon, the store’s palette is gold and black with accents of rock crystal, a favorite material of Gabrielle Chanel. Every single detail was carefully considered. The boutique is filled with contemporary and fine art, antiques, and custom-made furniture and lighting. As soon as you enter the space, the entryway sets the scene with black and gold lacquer paneling and antique wooden lotus bouquets dating back to the Edo period of Japan. The centerpieces of the carefully calibrated lighting is a pair of rock crystal “Dream Catcher” chandeliers by Parisian goldsmith Goossens in the gallery. A mesmerizing staircase, with custom balustrades made from 24 karat gold-plated rock crystal by Goossens, leads to the mezzanine level, which is home to two more fine jewelry salons.
“It's a testament to the fact that Peter Marino knows the brand and the soul so well that these projects become very organic,” Grangié says. “You can feel his touch and everything that he's put into the project and that's what makes it unique. Maybe people will not always see the details, but they will absolutely get the emotion from the extraordinary craftsmanship even if it's not obvious. The standards of quality, finishes and details are even higher than anything that we have done to date.”
Inside Chanel’s new Watch & Fine Jewelry Flagship on Fifth Avenue
Adding to its luxe appeal, the New York location will have a few exclusive pieces. As a nod to Coco’s lucky number and Chanel No. 5, Patrice Leguéreau, Director of Chanel’s Fine Jewelry Creation Studio, has masterminded “Eternal No. 5,” a fine jewelry collection comprised of a transformable diamond necklace and earrings, which can also be worn as rings. Set in white gold, the emerald-cut diamonds borrow the shape of the Chanel No. 5 perfume bottle stopper that was designed in 1921 that paid homage to the aerial view of the Place Vendôme. “We wanted to make sure that the diamonds in these exceptional pieces would be of the highest standard,” Grangié says. “It is flawless; absolutely perfect. This is one of the most unique, extraordinary, rare diamonds.”
To celebrate the store’s opening, the 55.55 necklace from the No. 5 High Jewelry Collection that was created to honor the 100th anniversary of Chanel No. 5 will be on display in the boutique for three months. “One of the most beautiful necklaces in the world, it is not for sale,” Grangié says. “It's about craftsmanship, the most exceptional stones and, of course, it is about No. 5. The celebration had to be around two key themes, which are white diamonds, because New York is about white diamonds, and the second is No. 5 because it's not a coincidence that for the first time in its history Chanel will open a boutique on Fifth Avenue.”
Art and artifacts mingle with fine jewelry and watches in the Chanel Watch & Fine Jewelry Flagship ... More on Fifth Avenue
Grangié predicts that there will especially be great demand for the Coco Crush collection, J12 watches and No. 5 precious jewelry line. New York will be the only location to offer a special custom engraving service for the Coco Crush collection, though this will eventually expand to other boutiques. “Coco Crush will be very successful in this boutique and so we wanted to bring that level of service and very personalized way to engrave the jewelry,” Grangié says.
Having previously lived in New York City for a decade, Grangié never thought he’d help orchestrate a flagship opening on Fifth Avenue. “That's very special,” he says. “That is once in a lifetime and will never happen again. There are not that many projects of that scale.” He expresses gratitude for the global team effort, spanning everyone from the legal and finance teams to secure the location to the artisans who created the bespoke pieces that adorn the boutique. “That's the most rewarding aspect of it. Retail like that is magic.”