Trump said she should face "nine barrels," appearing to suggest a firing squad.
With four days to go -- and the candidates engaging in their final push -- Donald Trump is lashing out at Liz Cheney, who's supporting Kamala Harris. Thursday night in Arizona, he called her a "war hawk" and said she should face "nine barrels," appearing to suggest a firing squad.
Click here for the latest election coverage.Both Trump and Harris are campaigning in the crucial Midwest on Friday, both ending up in battleground Wisconsin with dueling rallies in Milwaukee.
Watch ABC News on Election Night for full coverage of the 2024 presidential election.  Coverage starts Tuesday night at 7 p.m. ET.
As of 4 p.m. ET on Friday, more than 68 million Americans have voted early, according to the Election Lab at the University of Florida.
Of the total number of early votes, 36,397,988 were cast in person and 31,941,931 were returned by mail.
A few chants of "cease-fire now" broke out as Vice President Kamala Harris took the stage during a rally at the University of Wisconsin-Madison on Wednesday night.
"Listen, we all want the war in Gaza to end and get the hostages out as soon as possible," Harris said in response to the chanting. "And I will do everything in my power to make it heard and known."
As the chants continued, she said, "And everyone has a right to be heard. But right now I am speaking." The remark garnered loud cheers.
The event was billed as a "Get Out the Vote" rally and took place at the University of Wisconsin-Madison featuring performances by Gracie Abrams and Mumford & Sons.
With less than a week before Election Day, Harris is taking her "closing argument" to voters on the road after a big speech at the Ellipse in Washington, D.C., on Tuesday night. (Pro-Palestinian protesters were also escorted out of that speech)
Harris' remarks in Wisconsin lasted about 25 minutes. In them, she did not address President Joe Biden's controversial comments Tuesday that seemed to refer to Trump supporters as "garbage."
Former President Donald Trump's final campaign stop of the 2024 election is scheduled to take place in Grand Rapids, Michigan, on Monday, Nov. 4, sources familiar with the matter told ABC News.
Grand Rapids was where Trump concluded his 2020 campaign and 2016 campaign as well.
In addition to Grand Rapids, he's expected to make multiple campaign stops in battleground states on the eve of the Election Day, including in Pennsylvania.
-ABC News' Soo Rin Kim, Kelsey Walsh and Lalee Ibssa
Days after a comedian labeled Puerto Rico a "pile of garbage" at Donald Trump's MSG rally, the former president rode to a Green Bay, Wisconsin, rally in a Trump-marked garbage truck Wednesday.
Trump continued to bash President Joe Biden's response to the controversial moment from the MSG rally in which he said that Trump's supporters were garbage.
Biden clarified his comments and Vice President Kalama Harris told reporters, "I strongly disagree with any criticism of people based on who they vote for."
Trump, however, told reporters while riding in the garbage truck that "250 million people are not garbage."
"I can tell you who the real garbage is but I will not say that," he continued.
Trump falsely claimed there was corruption in Pennsylvania.
Later pressed if he would accept election results if there's no evidence of fraud, Trump reiterated claims about Pennsylvania, and then said, "If they find no evidence of cheating anywhere, I'll accept it."
Pressed on a potential role Robert F. Kennedy Jr. could play in his administration, Trump vaguely said he would work with him but while not confirming that he'd be given the top Health and Human Services job.
"We'll work with him, and he's a very talented guy. He wants women's health. He wants health for people, and we're going to work with him. He's a very, very talented guy," Trump said.
-ABC News' Lalee Ibssa, Kelsey Walsh and Soo Rin Kim
The judge overseeing the lawsuit against Elon Musk and his $1 million dollar giveaway to registered voters who sign a petition supporting the First and Second amendments has moved up a hearing in the case to Thursday at 10 a.m., bumping it up from Friday, according to a new order.
The order from Judge Angelo Foglietta states that "all parties must be present."
Earlier Wednesday, Philadelphia District Attorney Larry Krasner asked the court to "enhance its security" for the hearing.
Krasner said Musk's post about the case on X has "triggered an avalanche of posts." including "antisemitic attacks" against the prosecutor.
-ABC News' Olivia Rubin
Read more on the lawsuit here.