By DEIRDRE DURKAN-SIMONDS FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  16:37, 13 April 2024   |  Updated:  16:44, 13 April 2024   
 59
View  comments
Robert Pattinson and fiancée Suki Waterhouse were seen enjoying a rare date night away from their newborn at the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival on Friday.
After revealing the sex of their first child, a baby girl, while performing, the 32-year-old singer-songwriter was seen spending some quality time with her longtime love, who she first began dating back in 2018.
The Twilight star, 37, attempted to keep a low profile as he kept his head down and hood up over his head. 
For the star-studded affair, Pattinson sported a yellow graphic t-shirt, gold chain , black baseball cap and charcoal grey pants. 
Robert Pattinson and fiancée Suki Waterhouse were seen enjoying a rare date night away from their newborn at the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival
Meanwhile, Waterhouse, who gave birth just last month, was a vision in white as she walked around the the grounds of the Empire Polo Field in Indio, California, right after her set. 
During her concert, she spoke about recently becoming a mom as she quipped that some people know she has been recently experiencing 'some big life changes.' 
'Some pretty big events have been going down,' she said. 'I love amazing ladies and I’ve been very lucky to have my own little amazing lady and meet the love of my life.' 
From the stage, she also gave Pattinson a sweet shout-out as she called him the 'love of' her life. 
Earlier this week, Waterhouse showcased her postpartum body and admitted that the 'fourth trimester' of pregnancy has been humbling. 
The singer was praised for her post on Instagram, where she candidly posed in a bra and postpartum underwear - as fans rushed to tell her she looked 'beautiful' and called her 'inspirational'.
Pregnancy consist of three 'trimesters' of roughly 13 weeks each leading up to labour, but Suki highlighted that many now consider there to be a 'fourth trimester' - referring to the 12 weeks after giving birth.
The so-called 'fourth trimester' was introduced in the late 1970s and then popularised in the early 2000s by Dr Harvey Karp, pediatrician and author of 'The Happiest Baby on the Block'. 
After revealing their the sex of their first child, a baby girl, while performing, the 32-year-old singer-songwriter was seen spending some quality time with her longtime love, who she first began dating back in 2018
The Twilight star, 37, attempted to keep a low profile as he kept his head down and hood up over his head
For the star-studded affair, Pattinson sported a yellow graphic t-shirt, gold chain , black baseball cap and charcoal grey pants
Flash forward to 2024 and the term has more than 840 million views on TikTok, while thousands of mothers have taken to social media to document their experiences. 
Despite the term not being officially medically recognized, it has become widely used by charities and health organizations.
The star confirmed she welcomed her baby earlier this month as she shared a snap of herself cradling the infant in her arms and captioned the post: 'welcome to the world angel [HEART-EMOJI].'
She has not revealed her daughter's name or exact birth date yet. 
During her concert, she spoke about recently becoming a mom as she quipped that some people know she has been recently experiencing 'some big life changes'
The model looked incredible in a furry white jacket and fitted grey shorts over a pair of black tights
Waterhouse's birth announcement garnered over 100,000 likes as well as comments from Suki's celebrity friends like socialite Paris Hilton and singer Halsey.
'Congratulations love! So happy for you both!' Hilton penned in the comment section.
Halsey — who uses she/they pronouns — fondly branded Suki a 'rockstar mom.'
Mother-of-two Alyssa Milano wrote: 'Now the fun really begins.'
Waterhouse announced the arrival of her newborn with a snap of herself holding the infant on April 4
Earlier this week, Waterhouse showcased her postpartum body and admitted that the 'fourth trimester' of pregnancy has been humbling 
The Hollywood couple were first linked in 2018, and have kept their relationship mostly out of the spotlight; pictured 2023 
 Singer-songwriter Gracie Abrams sent her 'love' to new mom Suki in a sweet comment.
Robert and Suki first signaled the arrival of their little one two weeks ago when photos obtained exclusively by DailyMail.com showed them out in LA with a stroller.
The Hollywood couple were first linked in 2018, and have kept their relationship mostly out of the spotlight.
Suki announced her pregnancy at the Corona Capital Festival in Mexico City in November, where she showed off her burgeoning baby bump on stage.
'I thought I'd wear something sparkly today to distract you from something else I've got going on,' the singer said while pushing back her outer layer to motion towards her stomach.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group