ASHWAUBENON, Wis. (WBAY) - Former president Donald Trump and Vice President Kamala Harris are both focused on Wisconsin Wednesday.
Both are holding rallies in our state to try to win votes, and both are bringing in some big names to mobilize voters. 
Former Packers quarterback Brett Favre was a featured guest speaker at Trump’s rally at the Resch Center near Lambeau Field Wednesday evening.
Doors open at 2 p.m. for people with invitations. Trump is set to speak at about 6.
Before Trump spoke at the Resch Center, he climbed into the passenger seat of a garbage truck.
Trump posed for photos while wearing a neon orange and yellow vest and sitting in the passenger seat of a garbage truck festooned with American flags and campaign signs.
“How do you like my garbage truck?” Trump said as he took questions from reporters.
“Joe Biden should be ashamed of himself, if he knows what he’s even doing,” Trump said, referring to a comment Biden made earlier. 
The controversy began Tuesday — at the same time Harris was speaking near the White House — when Biden participated in a campaign call organized by the Hispanic advocacy group Voto Latino. Biden used the opportunity to criticize Sunday’s Madison Square Garden rally, where a comedian described Puerto Rico as a “floating island of garbage.”
“The only garbage I see floating out there is his supporters. His demonization of Latinos is unconscionable, and it’s un-American,” Biden said. “It’s totally contrary to everything we’ve done, everything we’ve been.”
The White House rushed to explain that the president’s comment about “garbage” was a reference to rhetoric from Trump allies, not Trump’s supporters themselves. Press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre said Biden “does not view Trump supporters or anybody who supports Trump as garbage.”
First Alert Traffic reporter Maria Parmigiani maps out traffic restrictions around the Resch Center. Article continues below the video.
Our team has seen a pop-up Trump merchandise stand in Titletown.
The Democratic National Committee purchased two billboards to greet the former president on his way to the venue. Democrats said they want to remind Packers fans and voters about Trump’s plans to give tax cuts to the wealthy. The billboards are on Ashland Ave. and south of Lambeau Field.
Meanwhile, Harris is holding a “When We Vote, We Win” rally and concert just a couple hours away in Madison. Musical guests like Mumford & Sons and Gracie Abrams are performing.
The Harris-Walz campaign says the goal is using public figures to get young and non-traditional voters to the polls.
Just days to the election, and Trump and Harris are making their closing arguments for your vote and Wisconsin’s 10 electoral college votes that made all the difference in 2016.
We expect to learn more about where voters stand a week before the election when a new Marquette University Law School poll comes out Wednesday afternoon.
Harris and Trump will both be back in our state on Friday with campaign events in Milwaukee.
Stay with Action 2 News for these events in Your Voice, Your Vote coverage.
Tune to WBAY-TV 2 at 6:30 every weeknight through Nov. 5 for special election coverage including day-of news and candidate profiles.
The Associated Press contributed to this report. 
Copyright 2024 WBAY. All rights reserved.