It’s not news that the University of Wisconsin-Madison has attracted national attention ahead of the 2024 election. And on campus, it’s evident that celebrity endorsements are mobilizing student political engagement. 
In recent weeks, Madison has welcomed celebrities including rapper Yung Gravy and actor Adam Brody. Vice President Kamala Harris hosted a rally in Madison on Wednesday with musical performances from artists such as Gracie Abrams and Mumford & Sons. 
While some students view endorsements as insignificant, others see them as a powerful tool to motivate young voters by adding a personal dimension to politics — an approach that resonates particularly with first-time voters.
Celebrity endorsements are more than just a flashy side note in the 2024 election. They are part of the Harris campaign’s strategy to mobilize young voters, a demographic that is crucial and historically unpredictable in turnout. UW-Madison, positioned in an important swing state, could be the deciding factor for who wins Wisconsin’s 10 electoral votes. 
“There’s a lot of pressure to vote this year,” said Ava Seib, a freshman at UW-Madison. “It feels like everyone, including celebs, is telling us this election is too important to skip.”
Mike Wagner, a journalism professor and political science expert at UW- Madison, believes celebrity influence can amplify engagement, but it doesn’t necessarily determine voting behavior. 
“Young voters are particularly receptive to ideas when they’re communicated in a relatable way, and that’s what these celebrities are doing,” said Wagner. “[Students] feel more connected to the election process because they’re supported by people whom they may value the most.”  
While some students questioned the impact of celebrities on election choices, they agreed that these endorsements contribute positively to overall engagement.
Izzy Logan, a UW- Madison sophomore, sees celebrity involvement as “impactful and validating” and notes that “endorsements are encouraging for young voters to reflect on their own values before making their political decisions.” 
Other students are more cautious about celebrities speaking up ahead of election seasons. 
“Celebrities obviously have the platform to help people like the candidates, but I think politics shouldn’t necessarily use that [platform],” UW-Madison freshman Lilly Ackerman told the Cardinal. She’s concerned that endorsements could lead to “uninformed votes, because people will just flock to the most popular answer.” 
Ackerman acknowledged some positive aspects, such as increasing voter registration numbers and sparking individual political research. However, she prefers people base their votes on research rather than the influence of celebrity figures.
Raja Chinnakotla, a freshman, shared his thoughts amid the excitement of Wednesday’s star-studded rally.  
“For those who are undecided and follow celebrities, I think [celebrity support] might make a difference. But for me, no… a celebrity doesn’t have the same policy mind as I do, and I go with my mind, not how a celebrity thinks,” Chinnakotla told the Cardinal.
While he was excited to see Abrams and Harris together, he emphasized he is supporting Harris “because of her policies, not just because of the celebrities endorsing her.”
Days away from one of the most historical elections in modern politics, UW- Madison students are determined to vote thoughtfully, guided by their own values and research. Their road to the ballot box may begin from a tweet from their favorite celebrity, but for Wisconsin—a swing state with national implications—these young voices could shape the outcome of the election, amplifying the impact of each vote in the state’s tight race.
Alaina Walsh is the associate news editor for The Daily Cardinal. She has covered breaking, city, state and campus news.