By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
On TV this Wednesday: Survivor and The Masked Singer crown new winners, The Floor hits pause on gameplay and ABC plays host to iHeartRadio’s annual Jingle Ball. Here are 10 programs to keep on your radar. (Also check out our weekly TVLine-Up of premieres and finales and monthly streaming guide.)
The sisters search for the truth after a surprising betrayal; Houlihan faces off with Loftus.
This 10-part docuseries reveals how animals confront extraordinary challenges; Hugh Bonneville (Downton Abbey) narrates.
Paul encourages Jimmy to get help; Brian and Derek take Sean to look for a new place; Gaby struggles with her Thanksgiving guest list. 
Season 3 finale: It’s decision day, and our couples must choose whether they’ll get married to their original partner or walk away forever. 
Katy Perry, SZA, Tate McRae, Jack Harlow, twenty one pilots, Teddy Swims, Meghan Trainor, Camila Cabello, Kane Brown, Jason Derulo, Benson Boone and Gracie Abrams perform.
Season 12 finale: Nick Lachey returns to the stage to ring in the holiday season; a winner is revealed. (Where was Rita Ora last week?)
Bronwyn reveals dark truths about her marriage and is surprised by Heather’s reaction; Meredith learns Britani is gossiping about her late-night antics.
Season 47 finale: One castaway is crowned Sole Survivor and awarded the $1 million prize. (Read latest exit interview.)
Season 2 finale: It all comes down to a best-of-three round, where one contestant will be crowned champion and win $250,000.
Andi entertains Gary’s delusions, causing tension with Robin and Hayden. Then at 10 pm, Andi is attacked after returning to work. 
Comments are monitored, so don’t forkin' curse and don’t bore us with how much your coworker’s sister-in-law makes per hour. Talk smart about TV! 
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * Your email address will not be published. We will notify you when someone replies.
Δ
The Masked Singer
The Floor
Quiet night!
The Masked Singer
Private Detective Dengler on PBS Masterpiece
(I am not fond of subtitles, but I kept missing out on good shows.)
The Real Housewives of Salt Lake City – Best Franchise Ever!!!!
Sold on SLC
The Floor
The Masked Singer
NOVA
The Irrational episode that I missed a couple weeks ago
Finishing up The Day of the Jackal.  It’s very very good.
iHeart Radio because Ryan Seacrest.
Survivor
Don’t Hate Your House
House Hunters
SNL Christmas
The floor. Hope it gets renewed
By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.