Every item on this page was chosen by an ELLE editor. We may earn commission on some of the items you choose to buy.
In ELLE.com’s monthly series Office Hours, we ask people in powerful positions to take us through their first jobs, worst jobs, and everything in between. This month, we spoke to Opal Vadhan, who, over the last 10 years, has gone from being a White House intern to Vice President Kamala Harris’s personal aide. Originally, Vadhan wanted to be a broadcast journalist, but after getting a taste for politics as a college student, she realized: “I don’t just want to tell the stories; I want to be part of the change that’s making a difference in people’s lives.” She cut her teeth working on Hillary Clinton’s 2016 presidential campaign before becoming Clinton’s executive assistant and eventually moving to the Harris team. “I care so much about them, and I know what’s at stake for them, because they’ve been the first in so many of their positions,” Vadhan says about working with the two historic leaders. “Every second counts.” In the midst of a whirlwind schedule—which sometimes involves traveling to three states in one day—Vadhan opened up about her unexpected career path, including the television character who shares her job and the Taylor Swift lyrics that best describe this past year.
My first job was actually babysitting. I grew up in Queens, New York, and we lived in an apartment where there was a family who had just moved from overseas. The mother wanted me to come read to her child, because they didn’t speak English well. I was 10 years old, and it was an hour a week, and the mom was there, and I loved it. I started babysitting in the building, and I babysat throughout college. I loved knowing that people counted on me. I felt a sense of responsibility that the parents were expecting me to show up at a certain time to support their family. That has really stuck with me—how much responsibility I feel no matter what the job is and the joy I get from getting to know people and how I can play a tiny part in helping them.
I don’t think I’ve had a worst job, but I will say what I don’t think I was good at: I was an RA during college, and I was so bad at decorating the bulletin board and making door tags. There was no part of me that wanted to think about what the monthly decorations were going to be. I remember the theme of the building was superheroes. I was like, “All right, I’m going to pick Spider-Man, because I think spider webs are the easiest door tags.” 
My parents immigrated here from India. My mom came in ’92, pregnant with me on the plane. The plan was for her to give birth [in the U.S.] and then raise me in India, because she was a doctor there, and I’d be a dual citizen while my dad was here. But she remembers getting off the plane and realizing she had to stay in this country to give me better opportunities. That’s always stuck with me—the sacrifices my parents have made and what an honor and privilege it is to grow up in this country and be part of the American dream.
I remember growing up and being made fun of. Opal is not a common name. I felt like I was different. I was embarrassed of my culture and my identity. Now, as I’m older, I’m so proud of my background. And that pushed me. When people would tell me my dreams were too big, or I didn’t see that many people who looked like me on TV, I kind of always wanted to prove everyone wrong.
In September 2014, when I was a senior in college, I got an email saying I’d been taken off the wait list for the White House internship program. I never thought I was even qualified to apply, but I was interning at MSNBC, and one of the producers told me I should. I submitted my application at 11:59 P.M. when it was due at midnight. Once I got that email, I just couldn’t believe it. I don’t come from this world at all. I didn’t go to an Ivy League school. My parents aren’t political. The first time I voted was in 2016. One of my first days of the internship, I said, “Michelle Obama,” and the other interns were like, “You can’t say that. You have to say POTUS or FLOTUS.” And I go, “What does that mean?” I was so out of place. I was just not politically engaged. And it’s not something I ever imagined for myself. Getting to do that internship changed it all for me. I got to see these public servants make a difference in people’s lives, and I wanted to help do that. And getting to bring my parents in for a White House tour was so incredibly meaningful—that I can give something back to them for everything they’ve given me.
When it was time to look for a job, I had wonderful mentors at the White House who were like, “We’re only here for a year and a half. You should go work on the Clinton campaign.” This was summer of 2015. They recommended me to do something called “advance,” which is when you basically go ahead and plan different events, from a rally to a town hall to going to a local coffee shop. My specific assignment was RON, which stands for “Remain Overnight.” Basically, before a candidate gets to a hotel, there’s a RON advance who helps think about what hotel room they’re staying in, where Secret Service is staying, the path to go from the motorcade to the room, if there’s printing available, all these little details. Being an RA definitely helped in that aspect. That became my niche, and I was able to be the RON advance throughout the campaign. 
Then, when the campaign ended, I was a RON on election night; we had a whole set up at a hotel in New York, and it was devastating and heartbreaking, and I still have chills thinking about it—I knew I still wanted to work for Secretary Clinton. But we were a team of 3,000 people, and I was just on the advance team. I told Secretary Clinton’s chief of staff, Huma Abedin, “Whatever you need. I’m from New York. I’m just around to be helpful.” And I was able to stay on as [Clinton’s] executive assistant and trip director, then got to work on The Book of Gutsy Women with her until 2021. I couldn’t believe I got to do that.
President Biden and Vice President Harris had won the election. They were building out their teams, and thankfully, through Hillaryland, as we call it, there was a lot of intersection. I loved my job with Secretary Clinton, but I also couldn’t believe we were going to have a South Asian and Black woman as vice president in the White House. I knew I had to [join the team]. Secretary Clinton was gracious and incredible—it goes to show why having supportive mentors and bosses who only want the best for you is so important. I started with the vice president on March 1, 2021, and my current title is special assistant to the president and personal aide to the vice president. The best way to explain it is I always ask someone if they’ve watched The West Wing. If they have, I’m like, “What Charlie was for President Bartlet, I am Charlie, but for the vice president.” People will be like, “Oh, are you like Gary from Veep?” But I haven’t seen Veep!
“In your life, you’ll do things greater than dating the boy on the football team.” Growing up in a traditional Indian family, I was expected to be married and have kids by a certain age. I also thought I’d be married and have kids by now. I still get asked when am I going to leave this type of work and focus on getting married! The honest answer is that I can’t wait to get married, and I’m so excited to be a mom, but it hasn’t happened yet. These lyrics are a reminder that it’s okay to not meet everyone’s expectations, and life can exceed your wildest dreams. And just like Taylor, I hope to meet a man who is supportive of my ambitions.
One was introducing my parents to President and Secretary Clinton. President Clinton was the first person they voted for when they became citizens in this country. I’ll never forget that. And the other was bringing my parents to the vice president’s house for a Diwali reception and introducing my parents to the vice president and second gentleman. I never could have dreamed that the first South Asian and Black vice president would be hosting Diwali at her home—a holiday I never wanted to celebrate growing up, because I was so embarrassed, because it wasn’t like Christmas or Hanukkah or Easter—and my parents who treasure this holiday would get to meet her and her husband. I’ll never forget those moments. 
This interview has been edited and condensed for clarity.
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.