Julia Hunt is a freelance Newsweek reporter based in the UK. Her focus is reporting on entertainment. She has extensively covered pop culture and the world of showbiz. Julia joined Newsweek as a freelancer in 2024. She studied literature at university. Languages: English. You can get in touch with Julia by emailing j.hunt@newsweek.com.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
In this series, Newsweek is recapping every show Taylor Swift has performed on the Eras Tour, city by city.
Taylor Swift's boyfriend Travis Kelce made his debut onstage beside her at the star's Eras Tour show in London.
The Kansas City Chiefs tight end had been spotted in the audience of several of Swift's shows since they started dating in 2023. And he finally appeared alongside her during her concert at Wembley Stadium on June 23, 2024.
Kelce made his surprise appearance during "I Can Do It With A Broken Heart", wowing the crowd as he strutted out in a tuxedo, top hat and tails and did a jaunty high kick. The comic segment he joined shows men in tuxes trying to 'revive' the star, who is flopped on the ground, so that she can go on with the performance.
Kelce got stuck in, picking Swift up in his arms and carrying her over to the red sofa for the costume change part, which sees the team helping the singer slip out of her white dress to reveal the new outfit underneath.
"It's very unlike me, I don't love going on stages," Kelce confessed as he discussed his Eras Tour debut on the New Heights podcast he does with his brother Jason.
He revealed it was actually his idea to join his girlfriend on stage. Kelce initially suggested that he was one of the people on bikes in the 1989 part of the show, which travels through the eras of Swift's music career.
"She started laughing," he said. "She was like, 'Would you seriously be up for, like, doing something like that?' And, I was like, 'What? I would love to do that.'
"Are you kidding me? I've seen the show enough. Might as well put me to work here."
Kelce went on: "Sure enough, she found the perfect part of the show for me to come in. There was no bike in case I, like, ran into somebody else or hit one of the dancers or anything. It was, like, the safest option!"
June 21: "Hits Different"/"Death by a Thousand Cuts" and "The Black Dog"/"Come Back... Be Here"/"Maroon"
June 22: "Thank You Aimee"/"Mean" and "Castles Crumbling" With Hayley Williams
June 23: "Us" With Gracie Abrams and "Out of the Woods"/"Is It Over Now?"/"Clean"
August 15: "Everything Has Changed"/"End Game"/"Thinking Out Loud" with Ed Sheeran and "King of My Heart"/"The Alchemy"
August 16: "London Boy" and "Dear John"/"Sad Beautiful Tragic"
August 17: "I Did Something Bad" and "My Boy Only Breaks His Favorite Toys"/"Coney Island"
August 19: "Long Live"/"Change" and "The Archer"/"You're on Your Own Kid"
August 20: "Death By A Thousand Cuts" / "Getaway Car" and "So Long, London"
Learn more about all the record-breaking, sentimental and just downright hilarious moments from Taylor Swift's Eras Tour with Newsweek's interactive timeline and map here.
Were you at any of Taylor Swift's London shows? Tell us your favorite moment in the comments!
Julia Hunt is a freelance Newsweek reporter based in the UK. Her focus is reporting on entertainment. She has extensively covered pop culture and the world of showbiz. Julia joined Newsweek as a freelancer in 2024. She studied literature at university. Languages: English. You can get in touch with Julia by emailing j.hunt@newsweek.com.
Julia Hunt is a freelance Newsweek reporter based in the UK. Her focus is reporting on entertainment. She has extensively covered pop culture and the world of showbiz. Julia joined Newsweek as a freelancer in 2024. She studied literature at university. Languages: English. You can get in touch with Julia by emailing j.hunt@newsweek.com.
Julia Hunt is a freelance Newsweek reporter based in the UK. Her focus is reporting on entertainment. She has extensively                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC