All products featured on Vogue are independently selected by our editors. However, we may receive compensation from retailers and/or from purchases of products through these links.
“I’ve always enjoyed a hint of tint,” says makeup icon Laura Mercier, who launched one of the best tinted moisturizers for mature skin—now a bona fide cult classic—back in the ’90s. “With mature skin—which may be drying, showing signs of aging, or exhibiting an uneven tone—tinted moisturizer can provide you with a natural yet luminous finish, all-day hydration, and a smooth skin texture,” Mercier says. Not only that: The best tinted moisturizers for mature skin can feasibly stand in for other products, like foundation and even a regular moisturizer, thereby streamlining a makeup and skin-care regime while offering time-rewinding benefits for the skin. (Just, please, don’t take this as permission to skip the SPF.)
“Tinted moisturizers are a great alternative for mature skin, as heavy coverage foundation can crease and look a bit too cakey if not applied correctly,” says celebrity makeup artist Jamie Greenberg, whose clients include Catherine O’Hara and Julie Bowen. “Tinted moisturizers give a more hydrating formula and are more lightweight, which might be better suited for someone with mature skin.”
The only question remaining is: Which tinted moisturizer is right for you? Ahead, browse tinted moisturizers that provide hydration, glow, and just the right amount of coverage for mature skin, handpicked by the pros. Whether you’re looking for a glass-skin effect or a smooth and easy no-makeup makeup look, there’s a tinted moisturizer to deliver just the finish you’re after.
Laura Mercier
Natural Skin Perfector SPF 30
BLUEMERCURY
NORDSTROM
Westman Atelier
Vital Skincare Complexion Drops
NORDSTROM
WESTMAN ATELIER
Glossier
Perfecting Skin Tint
GLOSSIER
BareMinerals
Complexion Rescue
AMAZON
Ilia
Serum Super Skin Tint
ΑΜΑΖΟΝ
NORDSTROM
Rare Beauty
Positive Light Tinted Moisturizer
SEPHORA
U Beauty
The Super Tinted Hydrator
BLUEMERCURY
NORDSTROM
DERMSTORE
Saie
Slip Tint Tinted Moisturizer
SAIE
Honest Beauty
CCC Clean Corrective Tinted Moisturizer
AMAZON
Bobbi Brown
Vitamin Enriched Skin Tint
NORDSTROM
BLUEMERCURY
Clinique
Moisture Surge Sheertint Hydrator
NORDSTROM
BLUEMERCURY
AMAZON
Lancôme
Skin Feels Good Hydrating Tint
NORDSTROM
AMAZON
Typology
Tinted Serum
TYPOLOGY
Herbivore
Star Seed Sheer Glow Mineral Sunscreen
NORDSTROM
AMAZON
“A tinted moisturizer is a hybrid skin-care product that combines the hydration of a moisturizer with light-to-medium coverage and often includes additional skin benefits like SPF,” says Dr. Liu. “I like to think of it similar to foundation but with more skin benefits plus more natural coverage.”
When it comes to using one in a makeup regime, Greenberg says: “Tinted moisturizers are a lightweight alternative to foundation. They help to moisturize the skin while simultaneously evening out your skin tone. If you want to wear no makeup throughout the day but still have glowy skin, tinted moisturizer is definitely for you!” She adds: “Tinted moisturizer is great for hot, humid days when you don’t want to wear thick, heavy makeup.”
“When choosing a tinted moisturizer, consider your skin type and how your makeup wears on your skin throughout the day,” Greenberg says. “For combination, acne-prone, and/or oily skin, there are many oil-free formulas to use. If you have dry skin, it’s recommended to choose a hydrating formula with ingredients like hyaluronic acid, vitamin E, and plant-based oils. You can also look for tinted moisturizers with specific benefits. For example, many on the market today are antiaging and anti-inflammatory.
When it comes to ingredients, Dr. Liu also recommends looking for hyaluronic acid for hydration, as well as antioxidants—such as vitamin C—for brightening and niacinamide for reducing inflammation. The texture should be chosen according to skin type, she advises, recommending a lighter lotion with a matte finish for oily skin and creamier textures for dry skin.
There’s also sun protection to consider. “Choose a moisturizer with at least SPF 30 to ensure adequate protection against UV rays, crucial for preventing premature aging and maintaining skin health,” she says.
“A tinted moisturizer can replace foundation and regular moisturizer for those seeking a lighter, more natural look or for daily wear,” says Dr. Liu. “It simplifies the beauty routine by moisturizing, providing sun protection, and evening out skin tone in one step. However, for drier skin types or those needing more intensive coverage or treatment, layering or additional products might still be necessary.”
When it comes to coverage, “Tinted moisturizer tends to have a thinner consistency than other types of foundation, but the technology is changing so rapidly now that you can get lots of coverage with less density,” says Patinkin. “Whether it’s enough depends on how you feel about discoloration, freckles, and other imperfections. I have never felt that tinted moisturizer should be a substitute for regular moisturizer, particularly if it is oil-based. I know it feels like oil is very hydrating, but it actually cannot penetrate the skin, so the benefit comes from it holding in moisture that’s already there rather than being a direct source of it.”
“As a makeup artist specializing in clients aged 50 and above, I always recommend a tinted moisturizer with high SPF,” says Azra Red, a New York-based artist who works with Isabella Rosellini. “It provides hydration, a hint of color, and vital sun protection, making it an ideal choice for enhancing and nurturing mature skin.”
Since mature skin tends to be softer and thinner, Red says that using a lightweight tint will enhance the skin’s natural beauty without masking it. “Unlike foundation, which can settle into fine lines and feel heavy, a tint offers a weightless, natural finish,” she says.
“The best way to apply tinted moisturizer is with clean hands, followed by a Beautyblender for the finishing touch,” Red advises. “Your hands warm up the product, helping it absorb quickly, while the Beautyblender ensures a seamless, polished finish. This method is not only easier but also much faster than using brushes.”
14 Best LED Face Masks, According to Dermatologists and Vogue Editors
The Best Korean Skin Care Products of 2024 Loved By K-Beauty Experts
The Best At-Home Laser Hair Removal Devices, According to Experts
11 Best Hair Growth Serums for Long, Strong Hair
From NuFace to Currentbody, the Best Beauty Tools Deliver a Glowing, Sculpted Appearance
13 Best Moisturizers With SPF That Effortlessly Combine Hydration With Sun Protection
The Tried-And-True Skin-Care Products Vogue Editors Swear By
The Best Wrinkle Creams That Actually Work, According to Skin Care Experts
More from Vogue
See More Stories
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Vogue may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
CN Fashion & Beauty