On the new Billboard Pop Shop Podcast, Katie & Keith are talking about Swift's trio of buzzy Wembley Stadium shows, including Travis Kelce's onstage debut.

	Did you know Taylor Swift played three shows in London over the weekend?

	Chances are good that you did, because you likely heard about one of her A-list audience members (Paul McCartney, Tom Cruise and Hugh Grant, to name a few); her boyfriend Travis Kelce’s onstage Eras Tour debut (in a tuxedo and top hat, no less); her surprise-song collaborators (Gracie Abrams and Paramore’s Hayley Williams); or her royal backstage selfie with Prince William (and two of his three kids).

	On the new Billboard Pop Shop Podcast, Katie & Keith are talking about Swift’s buzzy trio of Eras Tour shows — and how she still has five more Wembley Stadium concerts coming in August.












			Trending on Billboard		






	Also on the show, we’ve got chart news on how Sabrina Carpenter captures her first No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 songs chart as “Please, Please, Please” rises 2-1 in its second week on the chart. Plus, how Swift continues to dominate the Billboard 200 albums chart with The Tortured Poets Department for a ninth straight week; will anything stop Taylor’s run at No. 1?

The Billboard Pop Shop Podcast is your one-stop shop for all things pop on Billboard‘s weekly charts. You can always count on a lively discussion about the latest pop news, fun chart stats and stories, new music, and guest interviews with music stars and folks from the world of pop. Casual pop fans and chart junkies can hear Billboard‘s executive digital director, West Coast, Katie Atkinson and Billboard’s managing director, charts and data operations, Keith Caulfield every week on the podcast, which can be streamed on Billboard.com or downloaded in Apple Podcasts or your favorite podcast provider. (Click here to listen to the previous edition of the show on Billboard.com.)
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.