By 

	Daniel Kreps


	Exactly 50 years after Willie Nelson appeared on the debut episode of Austin City Limits, the country legend will once again return to the long-running series for a special concert celebrating its half-century anniversary.

	The taping for the Austin City Limits 50th Birthday Bash will take place on October 17, 2024, on the exact 50th anniversary of when Nelson taped the ACL pilot on  October 17, 1974.

	Joining Willie Nelson and the Family at the birthday bash are Austin’s own Asleep at the Wheel, who also taped their first ACL special during the series’ first season. Nelson, the inaugural inductee into the ACL Hall of Fame, last appeared on the series in 2018, his 18th ACL performance.

	“There would be no Austin City Limits without Willie Nelson – simple as that,” longtime ACL executive producer Terry Lickona said in a statement. “He launched ACL into the television universe in 1974, and has helped keep us going for 50 years.”





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	








	The outdoor concert at Austin’s Long Center will be free to the public via registration; check out the full details here. Highlights from the 50th Birthday Bash will air on ACL in early 2025.

	










	ACL’s Season 50 kicks off September 28 with an hour-long episode dedicated to Kacey Musgraves. On deck are Jelly Roll, Gracie Abrams, and Brittany Howard, with Chris Stapleton, Norah Jones, Mickey Guyton, and more booked for October tapings.
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.