Taylor Swift is concluding “The Eras Tour” at BC Place Stadium in Vancouver on December 6, 7, and 8.
Ticket availability is limited. Find some resale options listed on Vivid Seats, SeatGeek, and StubHub.
Taylor Swift performs during the opening show of the Toronto dates of The Eras Tour on Thursday, November 14, 2024.Chris Young/The Canadian Press via AP
Following performances tonight and tomorrow, Saturday, November 23 at Rogers Centre in Toronto, Taylor Swift will officially end “The Eras Tour” after a full weekend at BC Place Stadium in Vancouver, British Columbia. The route started in Arizona back in March 2023, and went on to cover five continents with more than 150 concerts in total. 
The closing shows feature support from “I miss you, I’m sorry” singer Gracie Abrams, and will start at 7 p.m. local time. See Taylor Swift live at BC Place Stadium in Vancouver on Friday, Saturday, and Sunday, December 6 through 8, 2024. See below for ticket options.
Tickets: Vivid Seats | SeatGeek | StubHub 
Fri, Nov 22 — Rogers Centre; Toronto, ON
Sat, Nov 23 — Rogers Centre; Toronto, ON
Fri, Dec 6 — BC Place Stadium; Vancouver, BC
Sat, Dec 7 — BC Place Stadium; Vancouver, BC
Sun, Dec 8 — BC Place Stadium; Vancouver, BC
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices