The "Close to You" singer kicked off her 18-city North American tour in early September. Here's how to score tickets online.

													By
												

	Latifah Muhammad


	All products and services featured are independently chosen by editors. However, Billboard may receive a commission on orders placed through its retail links, and the retailer may receive certain auditable data for accounting purposes.

Gracie Abrams is off and running on The Secret of Us Tour. The “Close to You” singer, whose 18-city North American tour launched earlier in the month, will take the stage at Uptown Theater in Kansas City on Tuesday (Sept. 24).






	
	
		
					Explore		
	





		Explore	

















	
		
					Gracie Abrams		
					


See latest videos, charts and news



See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	Abrams, who will be opening on Taylor Swift’s Eras Tour next month, embarked on her first headlining tour last year. Now, fans have a chance to see the Grammy-nominated singer live once again, on stages around the globe.

	












	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					This $18 Fridge Magnet Can Be Personalized With Your Favorite Song (And Actually Play It)		
	



	05/02/2025	







	Keep reading for ways to buy tickets to her sold-out tour, The Secret of Us Tour.

	Tickets for The Secret of Us Tour went on sale in early June, a couple of weeks before Abrams’ highly anticipated sophomore LP of the same name landed Abrams her first No. 1 on Billboard’s Top Album Sales chart.

	It takes a bit of digging to find tickets to any sold-out tour, but if you act fast, you can secure tickets to see Abrams live — without spending a fortune. 

	Where can you get tickets to The Secret of Us Tour? A small number of resale tickets are available at Ticketmaster.

	Tickets are also available on sites such as StubHub, Vivid Seats and TicketNetwork (use code: Billboard150 to save $150 off $300 at TicketNetwork and BILLBOARD300 to save $300 off $1,000). 

	How much do tickets costs? Most of the ticket that we’ve found are priced at around $300 and up, depending on the date of the concert. 

	Abrams kicked off the tour, which features Role Model, in Portland on Sept. 5. The tour has already made stops in Seattle, Los Angeles and Berkley, Calif., and will hit Minneapolis, Chicago, Atlanta, Nashville, Washington D.C., Philadelphia, Boston, New York, Nashville and more before wrapping up in Portland, Maine on Oct. 10.

	After her solo run, Abrams will hit the road for the second installment of Swift’s Era’s tour in Miami on Oct. 18. 

	Next year, Abrams’ solo tour begins its international run with shows in Spain, Portugal, Germany, Italy, France, Switzerland, the U.K., Australia and New Zealand.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.