Their 'Romeo and Juliet' phase didn't end in London.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Back in May, I thought I'd seen the most romantic form of celebrity date-night dressing when Zendaya wore a Shakespearean gown to Tom Holland's Romeo and Juliet premiere. Now it's October, and the couple is one-upping their own defining example of a fashion love story.
A few hours after Zendaya advertised Tom Holland's new zero-alcohol beer brand, Bero, in a parachute pants and official merch, the pair showed their mutual support in matching burgundy outfits for an Oct. 24 date night in New York City. Z was the first one to leave Tribeca's Greenwich Hotel en route to an official Bero launch party, wearing a skintight merlot leather maxi dress—which was custom, courtesy of Louis Vuitton by Nicolas Ghesquière. The piece, styled by Law Roach, featured a plunge neckline, a belted waist, and a glossy, fall apple finish. The hem was so long, I couldn't see her shoes—but knowing Zendaya, there's a pair of So Kate pumps underneath. (Unless she's testing the forthcoming Miss Z Louboutin pumps named in her honor.)
Zendaya leaves the Greenwich Hotel for date night with Tom Holland on Oct. 24.
The short walk from the front door to the car also revealed some exciting beauty updates: Zendaya re-dyed her hair a rich, chocolate brown, after going blonde for the Challengers press tour. She styled it for date night into soft, romantic waves, paired to a light rose eyeshadow and a glossy lip. Her naked manicure, however, was just like the one she'd worn around Los Angeles last week and to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame induction ceremony with her Cher-inspired naked dress.
Zendaya paired her dress with a fresh naked manicure and soft curls. She also dyed her hair a chocolate brown.
Tom Holland matched Zendaya—or was it the other way around?—in a burgundy T-shirt, black pants, and sneakers. I suspect that he also consulted Law Roach for his outfit—the shade is too perfect of a complement to Zendaya's dress to have been picked out alone.
Tom Holland followed Zendaya to the car in a matching burgundy T-shirt and black pants.
After posing together inside the event, the couple was photographed making their way back to the hotel, holding hands.
Zendaya and Tom Holland held hands exiting the event.
Zendaya and Tom Holland haven't had many color-coordinating moments in public together, but they haven't been shy about supporting one another in interviews and on social media since they started dating in 2021. In my circle of friends, Holland's annual, earnest "Happy birthday" Instagram post for Z is the equivalent of a national holiday. This summer, Zendaya visited two of Holland's Romeo and Juliet performances—the second time, with a gigantic bouquet of roses for her leading man.
Tonight's rare sighting enters the pair into the matching celebrity date night outfit canon, a hall of fame recently populated by Rihanna and A$AP Rocky (in matching Puma sneakers) and Gracie Abrams and Paul Mescal (in dark wash jeans). Something's in the water out in Hollywood that's sending stylish couples to the same clothing racks and Pantone swatches. Even Hailey Bieber and Justin Bieber pulled out matching leather jackets this week—and they typically steer clear of appearing to share a closet as a married couple. I guess when you're on the A-list, nothing says "I love you" like color-coordination and a photo-op to go with it.
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
Halie LeSavage is the senior fashion and beauty news editor at Marie Claire, where she assigns, edits, and writes stories for both sections. Halie is an expert on runway trends, celebrity style, emerging fashion and beauty brands, and shopping (naturally). In over seven years as a professional journalist, Halie’s reporting has ranged from fashion week coverage spanning the Copenhagen, New York, Milan, and Paris markets, to profiles on industry insiders like celebrity stylist Molly Dickson, to breaking news stories on noteworthy brand collaborations and beauty product launches. (She can personally confirm that Bella Hadid’s Ôrebella perfume is worth the hype.) She has also written dozens of research-backed shopping guides to finding the best tote bags, ballet flats, and more. Most of all, Halie loves to explore what style trends—like the rise of emotional support accessories or TikTok’s 75 Hard Style Challenge—can say about culture writ large. She also justifies almost any purchase by saying it’s “for work.” 
Halie has previously held writer and editor roles at Glamour, Morning Brew, and Harper’s Bazaar. She has been cited as a fashion and beauty expert in The Cut, CNN Underscored, and Reuters, among other outlets, and appears in newsletters like Selleb and Self Checkout to provide shopping recommendations. In 2022, she earned the Hearst Spotlight Award for excellence and innovation in fashion journalism. She holds a Bachelor’s Degree in English from Harvard College. Outside of work, Halie is passionate about books, baking, and her miniature Bernedoodle, Dolly. For a behind-the-scenes look at her reporting, you can follow Halie on Instagram and TikTok.

The princess celebrated her 10th birthday on May 2.


Even halfway across the country, she's still F1's best-dressed fan.


With a corporate twist.


With a corporate twist.


This runway look is unlike any other.


It's made for twirling—and daily life.


She's lapping the street style competition in looks we all can shop.


The dress's previous owner has a lot to do with the first Monday in May...


It also comes from an insider-favorite Adidas collaborator.


I can't resist following their lead.


From her closet to our carts.


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.