“I want you guys to leave here feeling a little worse than when you came in” is a strange sentiment, perhaps, from an artist on enough of an upswing to sell out two nights at Fenway Park. But by his own admission, Noah Kahan specializes in what he referred to as “my sad, [expletive]ing depressing songs,” and he took some glee in the idea of bumming out two stadiums’ worth of civilians.
Fortunately (or maybe unfortunately) for Kahan, that glee is also baked into his material, and on Thursday, the first night at Fenway, the Vermont native’s songs were rousing stadium-shakers despite themselves.
It was in full force from the start, as Kahan made his way through the crowd on the field toward the stage as the thumping of “Dial Drunk” grew more insistent. By the time of the final run-through of the chorus, the band had dropped away — leaving only him and the crowd singing along — which had little effect on the song’s hugeness.
Song after song was a strummy, cut-time acoustic stomp with minor variations. “False Confidence” had mandolin embellishments. The softer “Paul Revere” aimed not to get the blood boiling but to make the heart mildly anxious. “Northern Attitude” was built on rolling, incandescent electric-guitar arpeggios.
Advertisement
But that formula made the songs where he diverged from it all the more important. “The Great Divide” moved on a train-track rhythm and the same sort of anthemic expanse as Coldplay, albeit far more melancholy. “She Calls Me Back” was a choppy electric chug that built up an impressive head of steam, while “No Complaints” left a great deal of space between each drumbeat where Nina De Vitry’s atmospheric violin could weave its way around.
Advertisement
Meanwhile, a pair of acoustic mini-sets hammered home Kahan’s debt to Mumford & Sons and the Lumineers, so much so that the latter group spontaneously manifested to join him atop the Green Monster to cover Jason Isbell’s “If We Were Vampires.”
Despite drinking Fenway in and halfway pinching himself repeatedly, Kahan never betrayed any real indication that he was intimidated by the size (both physically and, for a local, psychologically) of the venue. His entire demeanor was “nervous guy who’s actually deeply confident,” and despite the constant self-deprecation — he compared himself in short succession to a TED Talker, a youth pastor, an aging rock star, and an alt-right podcaster — he had the comfort and ease to command the stage, especially on an audience-favorite line like “I’m mean because I grew up in New England” from “Homesick.”
Even with the Lumineers, Gracie Abrams (on hand from her earlier duet on “Everywhere, Everything”), and simpatico openers Mt. Joy and James Bay flooding the stage for the closing “Stick Season” — more strumming, more stomping, plus confetti and fireworks — Kahan was clearly the star. And one skilled at uplift, at that.
NOAH KAHAN: WE’LL ALL BE HERE FOREVER TOUR
With Mt. Joy and James Bay
At Fenway Park, Thursday; Kahan returns to Fenway Park with Mt. Joy and James Bay on July 19
Marc Hirsh can be reached at officialmarc@gmail.com or on Bluesky @spacecitymarc.bsky.social.
Digital Access
Home Delivery
Gift Subscriptions
Log In
Manage My Account
Customer Service
Delivery Issues
Feedback
News Tips
Help & FAQs
Staff List
Advertise
Newsletters
View the ePaper
Order Back Issues
News in Education
Search the Archives
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Terms of Purchase
Work at Boston Globe Media
Internship Program
Co-op Program
Do Not Sell My Personal Information