By CHRISTINE RENDON and CARLY JOHNSON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  04:26, 1 February 2024   |  Updated:  05:59, 1 February 2024   
 27
View  comments
Expect to hear more new music from Ice Spice this year.
The rap star, 24, has announced she will be releasing her debut album this year, a project she has entitled Y2K.
During an appearance on The Today Show, Ice Spice revealed the name of her album and gushed about the 'crazy' yet secretive collaboration set to appear on the project.
'Yes, there's going to be an album this year,' the singer - who was recently hit with a copyright infringement lawsuit - said. 'I'm so excited. It's called Y2K,' she explained, adding, 'it's almost finished.'
Ice Spice - born Isis Naija Gaston - revealed she decided to name her album Y2K as she was born in 2000. 
Ice Spice has announced she will be releasing a new album in 2024 entitled Y2K
'That's why I decided to name it that,' she explained.
She also revealed she had recently clinched a 'crazy' collaboration but refrained from sharing anything more: 'I have a crazy collaboration that just got locked in, like, two days ago,' she said.
The album will follow Ice Spice's debut EP, Like..?, which was released in January 2023 and contained the tracks In Ha Mood and Princess Diana. 
Ice Spice has enjoyed a wildly successful past year that included a collaboration with pop superstar Taylor Swift and nomination for Best New Artist at the upcoming 2024 Grammy Awards.
She will go up against the likes of Gracie Abrams and Jelly Roll in the coveted category.
Past Best New Artist winners included: Mariah Carey, Carly Simon, Christina Aguilera and Adele.
Ice Spice also received a Best Rap Song nomination for 'Barbie World' — her collaboration with Nicki Minaj and Aqua for the Barbie movie soundtrack.
Last but not least, her feature on Swift's Karma remix is up for Best Pop Duo/Group Performance.
Ice Spice gained over 48million Spotify listeners in 2023 with her monthly listeners listed at nearly 25million.
During an appearance on The Today Show, Ice Spice gushed about her upcoming project and the 'crazy' yet secretive collaboration set to appear on the album
She spoke with Hoda Kotb and Jenna Bush about her new album 
She broke down in tears after being named Best New Artist at last year's VMAs.
She told the crowd: 'Thank you so much! Thank you MTV! Oh, my gosh, this is so cool! I just want to thank my munchkins. I love you guys so much.'
The rapper then thanked her manager and music producer.
'I want to thank my label for always supporting me. And, of course, God. Without God, none of this would be possible. Thank you guys, I love you guys so much!' she concluded.
She was, however, recently hit with a copyright infringement lawsuit over claims that her hit track 'In Ha Mood' is a rip-off of another artist's work, as reported by TMZ.
The album will follow Ice Spice's debut EP, Like..?, which was released in January 2023 and contained the tracks In Ha Mood and Princess Diana
Ice Spice has enjoyed a wildly successful year that included a collaboration with pop superstar Taylor Swift and nomination for Best New Artist at the upcoming 2024 Grammy Awards
Rapper D.Chamberz is alleging that Ice Spice and her producer Riot copied his song 'In That Mood,' which he said he wrote, produced and then released in January 2022.
Ice Spice's 'In Ha Mood' was released in January 2023 and is certified gold in the United States with 500,000 units sold/streamed.
D.Chamberz claims it has the same 'beat, lyrics, hook, rhythmic structure, metrical placement, and narrative context' as his 2022 track.
He is seeking 'at least half of Ice Spice's song's publishing and other revenue' as well as other unspecified damages.
Ice Spice's attorney Leon Morabia called the claims 'baseless' and said he is confident his client will be vindicated in court.
'The claim is baseless. We will vigorously defend this case and look forward to our day in court when we will be fully vindicated,' Morabia stated.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group