By GERAINT LLEWELLYN FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  18:30, 18 August 2024   |  Updated:  18:48, 18 August 2024   
 37
View  comments
Paul Mescal has seemingly confirmed his romance with pop star Gracie Abrams after the pair were spotted 'kissing a lot' during a date in London's Mayfair this week.
The Gladiator II actor, 28, and pop star, 24, who were first spotted together in June, were said by one looker to be putting on a 'loved up display' as they strolled through the swanky streets before heading to a nearby park. 
Paul kept things casual in shorts and a T-shirt while shielding his famous features beneath a baseball cap and shades. 
Meanwhile Gracie, who is the daughter of Star Wars director J.J. Abrams, showcased her toned physique in a tight white vest and black trousers.
The onlooker told MailOnline said the pair didn't seem 'shy' about their feelings for each other as they smooched in the sunshine.
Paul Mescal, 28,l has seemingly confirmed his romance with pop star Gracie Adams, 24, after the pair were spotted 'kissing a lot' during a date in London's Mayfair this week
The Gladiator II actor and pop star were said by one looker to be putting on a 'loved up display' as they strolled through the swanky streets before heading to a nearby park.
 MailOnline have contacted Paul and Gracie's reps for comment.  
It comes after the pair were spotted shopping together in the capital last month with a telling The Sun at the time: 'Paul and Gracie looked like any other young couple hitting the shops, and they went almost unnoticed. 
'They seemed very relaxed in each other’s company and were busy checking out the posh shops on Bond Street. 
'Paul is a very low-key person, as is Gracie, so there was no fanfare and they kept their distance from each other when they were out on the street'.
The insider also claimed that following their shopping spree, both Paul and the Close To You singer 'left separately' and they each made their own way home.
Gracie has been in the UK for a series of gigs and is said to have been staying at the Chiltern Firehouse in central London. 
Paul wasn't spotted at any of her recent shows which took place in Kingston, Bristol and Southampton, but the source thought it was 'telling' that she chose to keep coming back to the capital city.
The couple were also seen recently dining together at Brat, a Michelin-starred restaurant in London's Shoreditch.
The pair could become Hollywood's latest 'power couple', with it being claimed that Paul's upcoming role in the Gladiator sequel (pictured) will send him 'into the stratosphere' of stardom
Meanwhile, Gracie recently achieved a major boost when she served alongside Sabrina Carpenter as an opening act for Taylor Swift (pictured performing with her in June 2024)
Paul has previously dated singer Phoebe Bridgers (pictured together in 2022) and recently caused romance rumours to swirl with Natalie Portman
In pictures obtained by TMZ, the two young stars looked very cosy during their meal in June.
And the pair could be set to become Hollywood's latest 'power couple', with both of their profiles on the rise. 
It has been claimed that Paul's upcoming role in the Gladiator sequel will send him 'into the stratosphere' of stardom.
Meanwhile, Gracie recently achieved a major boost when she served alongside Sabrina Carpenter as an opening act for Taylor Swift.
Paul has previously dated singer Phoebe Bridgers and recently caused romance rumours to swirl with Natalie Portman.
He was seen enjoying an evening of drinking with the actress, 42, in London, with snaps showing the pair looking giddy while having a cigarette outside Bar 69 in May.
However, it was later claimed Paul is 'just friends' with Natalie, who quietly finalized her divorce from Benjamin Millepied in March following rumors he was unfaithful.
Gracie is the daughter of Star Wars filmmaker legend J.J. Abrams - while her mother is producer Katie McGrath

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group