Taylor Swift continues her stay at Rogers Centre in Toronto tonight. Get “Eras Tour” tickets through Sunday, December 8.
Ticket prices start anywhere from around $1,200 to over $3,000 each, depending on the date. Compare prices on Vivid Seats, SeatGeek, and StubHub.
Taylor Swift is performing today, Saturday, Nov. 16 at Rogers Centre in Toronto as part of The Eras Tour. Here, Swift performs onstage during "Taylor Swift | The Eras Tour" at Rogers Centre on November 14, 2024 in Toronto, Ontario.Emma McIntyre/Getty Images
“The Eras Tour” only has a few concerts left. Taylor Swift began her back-to-back weekends at Rogers Centre last night, kicking off her final round of concerts. With support from singer-songwriter Gracie Abrams, the “Cruel Summer” star is set to perform in Toronto tonight, tomorrow, and next Thursday through Saturday, November 21, 22, and 23. She will then conclude the global tour at BC Place Stadium in Vancouver after three consecutive concerts on December 6, 7, and 8. Shop remaining last-minute tickets below.
Tickets: Vivid Seats | SeatGeek | StubHub 
Fri, Nov 15 — Rogers Centre; Toronto, ON
Sat, Nov 16 — Rogers Centre; Toronto, ON
Thurs, Nov 21 — Rogers Centre; Toronto, ON
Fri, Nov 22 — Rogers Centre; Toronto, ON
Sat, Nov 23 — Rogers Centre; Toronto, ON
Fri, Dec 6 — BC Place Stadium; Vancouver, BC
Sat, Dec 7 — BC Place Stadium; Vancouver, BC
Sun, Dec 8 — BC Place Stadium; Vancouver, BC
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices