Profile
Sections
Local
tv
Featured
More From NBC
Follow NBC News
 news Alerts
There are no new alerts at this time
MTV’s Video Music Awards are back to celebrate the best music videos of the year, and, if you can believe it, the network has now been at it for 40 years. 
The show is all about the music, but you should also look for those buzzy, news-making on-air moments. After all, it was the 1984 MTV VMAs when Madonna wore her iconic wedding dress and performed “Like a Virgin” to open the show. And who could forget when Ye, then known as Kanye West, stole the microphone from Taylor Swift in 2009? But nothing beats Beyoncé announcing her pregnancy during her memorable 2011 performance.
The 2024 VMAs will be hosted by Megan Thee Stallion, who is also pulling double duty as a performer during the broadcast from the UBS Arena on Long Island, New York. The show will feature quite a slate of performers, including Chappell Roan, Sabrina Carpenter, Camila Cabello, and throwbacks like Eminem, who will open the show, along with LL Cool J and Lenny Kravitz. 
Katy Perry is set to receive the highest honor of the evening, MTV’s coveted Video Vanguard Award. And you can expect cameos from stars like Lil Nas X, Miranda Lambert and DJ Khaled. But the big question remains whether Taylor Swift and Beyoncé will be in attendance.
Swift leads the way with 12 nominations this year. She and her beau, Travis Kelce, have been spotted all over New York City over the past few days. The two attended the U.S. Open and even hit up a pizza hot spot in Brooklyn, so it seems likely. However, MTV has yet to confirm whether she will be there.
If Swift wins eight of her awards, she could overtake Beyoncé for the distinction of having won the most MTV VMAs ever. Swift could also beat her own record if she wins video of the year — making her the only artist to win the award three years in a row.
Beyoncé is nominated for song of the year for her hit “Texas Hold ’Em,” and she'll be up against Swift’s “Fortnight,” Kendrick Lamar’s “Not Like Us,” Carpenter’s “Espresso,” Teddy Swims’ “Lose Control” and Jack Harlow’s “Lovin on Me.”
Meanwhile, Shaboozey, Gracie Abrams, Swims, Tyla and Roan will compete in the stacked best new artist category.
This summer saw the ascent of Carpenter and Roan into full-blown pop stars, and it’s only fitting that they will both make their VMA debuts as performers at this year’s ceremony.
Plenty of other rising stars will appear as first-time nominees this year, including Swims, Abrams, Morgan Wallen and Tyla. 
The VMAs will air Wednesday on MTV at 8 p.m. ET.
CORRECTION (Sept. 12, 2024, 12:12 p.m. ET): A previous version of this article misstated the number of VMAs that Taylor Swift needed to break Beyoncé’s record. She needed to win eight awards, not three.
Chloe Melas is an entertainment correspondent for NBC News. 
© 2025 NBCUniversal Media, LLC