Just like her dad, Gracie Abrams is in the sequel business.
The popular singer-songwriter — who happens to be fresh off an “SNL” musical guest appearance — recently added a new leg to her ongoing ‘The Secret of Us Deluxe Tour’ featuring special guest Role Model.
She’s now slated to perform at arenas and amphitheaters all over North America in July and August 2025. That includes a pair of back-to-back gigs at New York City’s Madison Square Garden on Monday, July 28 and Tuesday, July 29.
“I can’t believe these rooms we get to play,” she shared on Instagram. “I love you so much and can’t wait to see you all there.”
Prior to the brief, U.S. run, the 25-year-old is playing a number of concerts all over Europe. Most notably, she’ll co-headline with Noah Kahan at London, GB’s Hyde Park on July 4.
For those hoping to see her perform “I Love You, I’m Sorry,” “Close to You,” “us.” and more live, tickets are available for all shows as of today.
At the time of publication, the lowest price we could find on seats for one of her two MSG shows was $429 before fees on Vivid Seats.
As for her other shows (excluding the Jingle Ball one-off), prices start at $180 before fees.
To find how much tickets cost for the show closest to you, our team has everything you need to know and more about Gracie Abrams’ 2024-25 ‘Secret of Us Deluxe Tour’ below.
All prices listed above are subject to fluctuation.
A complete calendar including North American and European tour and festival dates, venues and links to the cheapest tickets available can be found here:
(Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are in US dollars, subject to fluctuation and, if it isn’t noted, will include additional fees at checkout.)
Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. 
They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event.
Still curious about Vivid Seats? You can find an article from their team about why the company is legit here.
Abrams wrapped the first leg of her ‘Secret Of Us Tour’ — prior to resuming her duties opening for Taylor Swift on the ‘Eras Tour’ — on Oct. 15 at Philadelphia’s Metropolitan Opera House. Here’s what she performed that evening, according to Set List FM.
“01.) “Felt Good About You”02.) “Risk”03.) “Blowing Smoke”04.) “21”05.) “I Love You, I’m Sorry”06.) “Where Do We Go Now?”07.) “Gave You I Gave You I”08.) “Mess It Up”09.) “That’s So True”10.) “Right Now”11.) “Good Luck Charlie”12.) “I Knew It, I Know You”13.) “I Know It Won’t Work”14.) “Friend”15.) “Normal Thing”16.) “Feels Like”17.) “Let It Happen”18.) “Tough Love”19.) “I Miss You, I’m Sorry”20.) “Free Now”
Encore
21.) “us.”22.) “Close to You”
On June 21, Abrams dropped her second studio album “The Secret Of Us” on June 21.
Over 13 tracks, the breathy singer delivers sticky bedroom pop that lingers in your subconscious for weeks on end.
Can’t-miss cuts here include the strummy, folksy “Felt Good About You,” eff-you anthem “Risk” and heartbreaking “I Love You, I’m Sorry,” dance floor-ready “Close To You” and plucky disco-folk bop “Normal Thing.”
Make sure to give the slow yet glittery “Gave You I Gave You I” a chance, too. It’s slow dance perfection.
To listen for yourself, you can find “The Secret Of Us” in its entirety here.
Tucker Harrington Pillsbury, aka Role Model, will be on Abrams’ side for her newly announced U.S. shows.
For those that aren’t familiar with his sound, think sunny, formally inventive guitar pop similar to Dominic Fike, Still Woozy, and Khalid.
Sound deep dive-worthy?
Check out Role Model’s discography here.
Many rapidly rising Gen Z icons are taking their hits on the road these next few months.
To keep you in the loop, here are just five of our favorites you won’t want to miss live.
• Tate McRae
• Mxmtoon
• Nessa Barrett
• Megan Moroney
• 070 Shake
Who else is out and about? Take a look at our list of all the 2025 Grammy nominees on tour to find the show for you.
This article was written by Matt Levy, New York Post live events reporter. Levy stays up-to-date on all the latest tour announcements from your favorite musical artists and comedians, as well as Broadway openings, sporting events and more live shows – and finds great ticket prices online. Since he started his tenure at the Post in 2022, Levy has reviewed a Bruce Springsteen concert and interviewed Melissa Villaseñor of SNL fame, to name a few. Please note that deals can expire, and all prices are subject to change