Gracie Abrams will be grateful for Taylor Swift's friendship for forevermore. 
While attending the 2024 Grammys, the "I miss you, I'm sorry" singer reflected on the best advice she's received from the "Bejeweled" artist. 
"I feel like all of her words are words of wisdom in every capacity ever," Gracie told Laverne Cox on Live From E!: 2024 Grammys on Feb. 4. "But honestly, I think before I even knew her personally, she taught me to write all the time and to just tell the truth in my writing. And that is something that I carry with me forever. I write every day because of that advice."
And getting to open for Taylor's Eras Tour was beyond Gracie's wildest dreams.
"She's the greatest," the 24-year-old, who dazzled in Chanel, continued (see more red carpet looks here). "I would be nowhere near this room if it weren't for her taking a chance on me and sharing her stage. So, I'm just cheering for her tonight."
Both stars are nominated this evening. Taylor—who is already a 12-time Grammy winner—is nominated in six categories, including Album of the Year for Midnights and Song of the Year for the single "Anti-Hero." As for Gracie, she's up for Best New Artist (see the list of winners so far.)
"It feels completely impossible to wrap my head around, and I just feel so, so grateful to be in this room," she continued to Laverne. "I can't believe I get to be in the same room as my heroes and as you."
Hosted by Trevor Noah, the 66th annual Grammy Awards are broadcasting live from Los Angeles' Crypto.com Arena starting at 8 p.m. EST on CBS. To see more stars' red carpet looks, keep reading.
Céline Dion
in Valentino and Tiffany & Co. jewelry.
Halle Bailey
in Gucci.
Lizzo
in custom Luis de Javier and Laurel DeWitt bracelets.
Dua Lipa
in custom Courreges and Tiffany & Co. jewelry.
Kacey Musgraves
in custom Schiaparelli.
SZA
in Do Long.
Lenny Kravitz
in vintage Dior.
Taylor Swift
in custom Schiaparelli, Giuseppe Zanotti shoes and Lorraine Schwartz jewelry.
Miley Cyrus
in Maison Margiela.
Ice Spice
in custom Baby Phat.
Olivia Rodrigo
in Versace.
Janelle Monae
in custom Armani Privé.
Madison Beer
in Marmar Halim and Jewels Aficionado jewelry.
Christina Aguilera
in Fashion East.
Doja Cat
in Dilara Findikoglu.
Lana Del Rey
Chlöe Bailey
in Gaurav Gupta.
Maluma
in Dolce & Gabbana.
Beyoncé
in Louis Vuitton.
Sofia Richie
in Saint Laurent and Lorraine Schwartz jewelry.
John Legend
in Saint Laurent.
Kelsea Ballerini
in Vera Wang and ALDO heels.
Ellie Goulding
in Zuhair Murad.
Oprah Winfrey
in Valentino.
Kelly Clarkson & Remington
in custom Jason Wu and Jared Atelier jewelry.
Victoria Monet
in custom Atelier Versace.
Chrissy Teigen
in Alexandre Vauthier.
Paris Hilton
in Reem Acra.
Billie Eilish
in Chrome Hearts.
Coco Jones
in Celia Kritharioti.
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.