A night to remember on Fifth Avenue 
A night to remember on Fifth Avenue 
Chanel has once again leveling up their idea of shopping in style with the unveiling of its first-ever watches and fine jewelry flagship in the United States. Marked as a momentous milestone for the luxury fashion house, the event kicked off with an exclusive cocktail reception, allowing guests to view Peter Marino’s architectural designs, reminiscent of Coco Chanel’s address at 18 Place Vendôme in Paris. Inside, the gallery room served as an oasis decorated with sculptures and illuminated by the “Dream Catcher” chandeliers by Goossens.
Brand ambassadors Amandla Stenberg, Sadie Sink, and Whitney Peak, alongside actresses Carey Mulligan, America Ferrera, Michelle Williams, and Kerry Washington, lent their star power for the evening, placing themselves at the forefront of the unforgettable night.
But it wasn’t just the venue and guest list that stole the show. From the Coco Crush pieces, featuring engraved lines and curves, to the N°5 collection, paying homage to Gabrielle Chanel’s lucky number, each creation tells a small piece of Chanel’s story.
Embodying Chanel’s timeless elegance, the Fine Jewelry collection showcases a blend of classic motifs and modern design, with the Camélia collection embodying the brand’s signature flower motif, the Ruban collection channeling satin hair bows for a playful vibe, and the Comète collection honoring Gabrielle Chanel’s love for stars. Additionally, the Lion Solaire de Chanel collection takes inspiration from her Leo star sign, with lion motifs adorning necklaces, earrings, and rings set in diamonds and white gold.
To conclude the evening, singer-songwriter and recent GEN V cover star Gracie Abrams took the stage, sitting behind a grand piano and further elevating the magical night.
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!