Manage your account
Gracie Abrams, The National’s Matt Berninger and Aaron Dessner, and Mumford & Sons are among the artists who will perform the Harris-Walz campaign’s When We Vote We Win rally next week in Madison, Wisconsin.
Remi Wolf is also set to play at the University of Wisconsin-Madison event on Wednesday, which Vice President Kamala Harris is also expected to attend.
More from Rolling Stone
Remi Wolf, Jungle, GloRilla Set to Headline 'Outer Banks' Poguelandia Event
Gracie Abrams to Drop 'Secret of Us' Deluxe With Four New Songs, Live Recordings
Sally Field Details Traumatic Illegal Abortion to Emphasize Importance of Electing Harris
Visit the democrats.org event page for more information on the Wednesday rally, which takes place day that Donald Trump is holding a campaign stop outside Green Bay, Wisconsin, the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel reports.
Wisconsin is among the battleground states in the coming presidential election, and artists and politicians are hunkering down in the Badger State ahead of Election Day: Barack Obama held a rally in Madison last week when early voting opened, and rapper Lil Uzi Vert held a free Rock the Vote concert in Milwaukee on Saturday.
Over the past week, the Harris-Walz campaign has also enlisted the likes of Bruce Springsteen and Beyonce to endorse the candidates and encourage voter turnout.
“I’m Bruce Springsteen and I’m here to support Kamala Harris and Tim Walz for President and Vice President of the United States, and to oppose Donald Trump and JD Vance,” Springsteen said at a Clarkston, Georgia rally Thursday.
“I want a president who reveres the Constitution, who does not threaten but wants to protect and guide our great democracy, who believes in the rule of law and the peaceful transfer of power, who will fight for a woman’s right to choose, and who wants to create a middle-class economy that will serve all our citizens.”
Beyonce told the crowd at a Harris rally in her hometown of Houston, “We are at the precipice of an enormous shift. I’m not here as a celebrity. I’m not here as a politician. I’m here as a mother. A mother who cares about the world our children live in, a world where we have the freedom to control our bodies, a world where we are not divided, our past or present or future.”
Best of Rolling Stone
The 50 Greatest Eminem Songs
All 274 of Taylor Swift's Songs, Ranked
The 500 Greatest Albums of All Time
Sign up for RollingStone's Newsletter. For the latest news, follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram.