Vice President Kamala Harris is scheduled to be back in Madison for a rally on the UW-Madison campus Wednesday as part of a get-out-the-vote effort with several pop stars. 
The campaign did not say what time Harris will be on campus, but a link where anyone interested in attending can sign up notes the event will begin around noon and last six hours. The sign-up form doesn't say where on campus Harris will be, only that more details will be forthcoming.
Vice President Kamala Harris greets a thunderous crowd at a campaign stop at the Alliant Energy Center in Madison.
Presidential visits by region
As part of the event, Gracie Abrams, Mumford & Sons, Remi Wolf, and The National’s Matt Berninger and Aaron Dessner will perform, although it's not clear where or when.
Visits to Wisconsin ahead of presidential election
Presidential campaign visits to Wisconsin
Harris' Madison visit comes on the same day former President Donald Trump is planning on visiting Green Bay, less than a week out from Election Day.
Stay up-to-date on the latest in local and national government and political topics with our newsletter.
As of Friday morning, 292,702 people had voted early in-person compared with 209,665 at nearly the same point in 2020.
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Sign up with
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Sign in with
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.