Not enough people know who Gracie Abrams' dad is.
BuzzFeed Staff
Nepo status: Her dad is J.J. Abrams. AKA the writer, producer, and composer behind a ton of mega-successful movies like Star Trek and Star Wars: The Force Awakens. 
What she did this year: She was the last opening act on The Eras Tour. No biggie. But before that, she released a Grammy-nominated song featuring Taylor Swift called us., and her album The Secret of Us went to number one. Most recently, she was the musical guest on SNL! So really, it's no stretch to say Gracie is THE most successful nepo baby of 2024!!
Nepo status: Her dad is actor and producer Stephen Baldwin. And she's also related to Alec Baldwin, William Baldwin, Daniel Baldwin...basically all mega-famous actors.
What she did this year: She had her first child with none other than JUSTIN BIEBER!! WE FINALLY HAVE A MINI J. BIEBS!!! (Justin is probably the furthest thing from a nepo baby there is, BTW. Humble beginnings in Stratford, Ontario). Their child was born in August, and his name is Jack Blues Bieber.
Nepo status: Her mom is actress Andie MacDowell, who starred in Groundhog Day and Four Weddings and a Funeral. These two were also in Maid together.
What she did this year: She was in not one, not two, but THREE movies that came out this year: Drive-Away Dolls, Kinds of Kindness, and The Substance. She won Best Supporting Actress for the latter at the 2024 Seattle Film Critics Society awards.
Nepo status: Do I even need to say it? We all know she's Johnny Depp's daughter. (Her mom is Vanessa Paradis, in case you're wondering.)
What she did this year: She had a big pop-off after the first season of The Idol came out in 2023, and then starred in the 2024 horror movie Nosferatu alongside Willem Dafoe and Bill Skarsgård.
Nepo status: Umm, again, we all know this. She's Beyoncé and Jay-Z's daughter. And she looks exactly like both of them. Like, it's a bit uncanny.
What she did this year: The 12-year-old is definitely having her moment right now, making her debut as Kiara in Mufasa: The Lion King, which comes out Dec. 20.
Nepo status: Sofia is the daughter of legendary musician Lionel Richie!!!
What she did this year: She had her first child this year with her husband, Elliot Grainge. The baby — a girl, who is named Eloise Samantha Grainge — is now seven months old. A nepo grand-baby!
Nepo status: It's no wonder Maya is an actress, because her dad is the adorable Ethan Hawke (who also starred in Taylor Swift's Fortnight music video this year...sorry, unrelated, but how can I not mention that Dead Poets Society Easter egg?). And also, her mom is Uma Thurman. So you could call Maya a double-nepo baby.
What she did this year: Maya starred as Anxiety in Inside Out 2, which came out in June 2024. Once you've starred in a movie with Amy Poehler, or voiced a Disney character — or both, in her case — you've officially made it. On top of that, she also released her third studio album this year (!!!), called Chaos Angel.
Nepo status: She's the daughter of famous model Cindy Crawford, as well as Rande Gerber, a businessman who worked with George Clooney.
What she did this year: After starring in Bottoms in 2023, Kaia continued her success in 2024. She was in the TV drama Palm Royale, which premiered this year — and has a star-studded cast. Plus, she was in Jason Reitman's SNL biopic Saturday Night, which came out this year too. And finally, she's still dating Austin Butler, which makes her important to me simply because I love him.
Nepo status: Her dad is singer Lenny Kravitz — who, TBH, I only really know as Cinna in The Hunger Games. RIP. Her mom is actress Lisa Bonet.
What she did this year: Zoë starred alongside her alleged now-ex Channing Tatum in Blink Twice, which came out in August. She and Channing will also be in an upcoming film called Alpha Gang together. So really, the combo of all these events caused lots of eyes on Zoë this year.
Nepo status: She's the daughter of John Drew Barrymore. If you (like me) have no clue who that is, he was an actor who was big in the '50s. 
What she did this year: OK, so maybe Drew was already really famous and didn't have a particularly huge "OMG" moment in 2024. But I feel like this year, The Drew Barrymore Show finally started getting the appreciation it deserves. The show was also renewed for another season, so that's huge, right?!
Nepo status: You might not know this, but Matty is a nepo baby. His parents are famous British actors: Denise Welch and Tim Healy.
What he did this year: There's only one reason why I'm including Matty on this list. The fact is, we likely wouldn't have gotten the best album of 2024 (and future Album of the Year winner, if the Recording Academy has any brains at all) without him. Yes, I'm talking about Taylor Swift's The Tortured Poets Department. Matty's name was on everyone's lips in April, when that album came out, and beyond.
Nepo status: I feel very dumb for not knowing Lily Collins' dad is iconic musician Phil Collins. But TBH, it makes sense now that I'm aware.
What she did this year: We're all aware that Lily stars in Emily in Paris. Well, as you may recall, season 4 came out in August of this year. And it did so well, the show was renewed for next season. So that means she makes the list!
Nepo status: We all remember when Apple was born. But in case you forgot, I'll remind you: she's Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin (Coldplay)'s daughter. A TRULY ICONIC DUO.
What she did this year: Apple Martin was deemed a "rising 'it' girl" by People this year, and TBH, it's pretty true. She's been in college as of 2022, but this year, she "made her official high-society debut" at Le Bal des Debutantes in November. And her first name was also featured in a famous Charli xcx song, which is another W for her. (LOL. I make myself laugh.)
Nepo status: Maude's parents are none other than mega-famous actress Leslie Mann and director Judd Apatow. Another double-nepo baby!
What she did this year: The 27-year-old is truly making a name for herself! In April, she partnered with director Olivia Rosenbloom to form her own production company, which is called Jewelbox Pictures. Plus, she signed with WME, a huge talent agency, this year. So I bet we'll be seeing lots more from her in the future.
Nepo status: Uhhh, are you new here?! We all know Dan is Eugene Levy's son! The most iconic father-son acting duo in history, dare I say!
What she did this year: Dan and Eugene made HISTORY this year as the first father-son duo to ever host the Emmy's. And they did an incredible job...like, can they do it every year, please?? On top of that, Dan was also in the dramedy film Unfrosted, which came out in May.
Nepo status: Jamie Lee Curtis is the daughter of two famous actors: Tony Curtis, who is best known for Some Like It Hot, and Janet Leigh, who starred in the original Psycho movie.
What she did this year: Jamie was in two big movies that came out in 2024: The Last Showgirl — which did have its official release this year, but doesn't hit theatres until January — and action movie Borderlands. Plus, there's all the Freakier Friday buzz, which I GENUINELY CANNOT WAIT FOR.