Swift is nominated for six Grammys, including Record of the Year, Song of the Year and Album of the Year
Taylor Swift has credited her fans for her six Grammy nominations at a show in Toronto, thanking them and describing it as “unbelievable”.
The all-conquering Eras Tour is now in its final leg, which kicked off at Toronto’s Rogers Centre on Thursday (November 14). During the show, the singer took the time to share her reflections on being recognised in so many awards categories.
“You guys did something so amazing over the course of the last few months,” she said. “I just mean what you did with embracing ‘The Tortured Poets Department’, the album. It’s truly blown my mind because it’s really emotional for me that this album, I wrote it during the Eras Tour, right?”
“I wrote that album, made that album, all trying to keep it a secret from you guys,” she continued. “And then announced the album, and then we basically were, like, working really hard to secretly put together a new chapter in the Eras Tour of ‘The Tortured Poets Department’, and we wanted to surprise you with it, and we did.”
“And you guys have been so wonderful about digging into this album and really understanding where I was coming from with it. You made it by far the biggest debut week I’ve ever had with an album and you kept that album at number one for nearly four months.”
“And the most recent thing that you did, because everything that happens is a direct reflection of the passion that you show, is you guys got this album nominated for six Grammys. It’s so unbelievable, so thank you.”
‘The Tortured Poets Department’ is up for Album of the Year and Best Pop Vocal Album, while ‘Fortnight’ is nominated for the prestigious Record of the Year and Song of the Year awards. ‘Us’, Swift’s collaboration with Gracie Abrams, is also up for Best Pop Duo/Group Performance. The ceremony takes place on February 2 2025 in Los Angeles.
She was also a big winner at last week’s MTV Europe Music Awards, picking up a total of four gongs: Best Artist, Best Live, Best Video and Best US Act. While she was not present in Manchester for the ceremony, she did send a video acceptance, in which she said, “I had to best time touring Europe this summer, so it’s just wonderful for you to do this.”
The Eras Tour became the first tour in history to gross over $1billion, hitting the ten-digit threshold after sixty shows and eight months of being on the road. She will play a total of six shows in Toronto before finally drawing the tour to an end with three dates in Vancouver from December 6 to 8.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.