By 

	Tomás Mier


Cardi B, who told Rolling Stone she wouldn’t vote for Biden or Trump before Kamala Harris joined the race earlier this year, will join the Vice President at a Milwaukee rally Friday. 

	The campaign event will also feature performances from some of Cardi’s collaborators and other musicians, including GloRilla, Flo Milli, MC Late, the Isley Brothers, and DJ Gemini Gilly.

	“These artists and public figures are trusted voices for millions of Americans, who listen to their music, follow them on social media, or otherwise are inspired by them,” said the Harris campaign. “The Harris-Walz campaign believes that by using their voices to lay out the stakes of this election, it will further encourage and mobilize people to go vote.”

	Harris has been on a celebrity-supported push at rallies in the days leading up to Election Day Tuesday. Last week, she was joined by Beyoncé and Willie Nelson in Houston, and Bruce Springsteen at a rally in Atlanta. Earlier this week, she had Gracie Abrams, Maggie Rogers, and Remi Wolf join her onstage. On Thursday, she’ll be joined by Maná and Jennifer Lopez in Las Vegas, and Los Tigres Del Norte at an event in Phoenix.

	










	Back in May, Cardi  told Rolling Stone in a cover story that she was disillusioned with American politics, saying, “I don’t fuck with both of y’all n—as,” regarding Joe Biden and Donald Trump.

	While Cardi said she saw Trump’s presidency as a major threat, she said she felt “layers and layers of disappointment” during the Biden administration. Citing domestic issues — the high cost of living combined with low, stagnant wages — and international strife, she pointedly said, “I feel like people got betrayed.” 





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	








	Last fall, Cardi revoked her support for Biden after the president promised to provide funding for Ukraine in its war against Russia, and Israel for its war in Gaza, seeing a sharp contradiction with massive domestic spending cuts. 

	“[America] don’t pay for endless wars for countries that have been going through shit for a very long time,” she said. “There’s countries [where] kids are getting killed every single day, but because the [U.S.] won’t benefit from that country, they won’t help. I don’t like that America has this superhero cape on. We never did things to be superheroes. We did things for our own convenience.”
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.