Julia Hunt is a freelance Newsweek reporter based in the UK. Her focus is reporting on entertainment. She has extensively covered pop culture and the world of showbiz. Julia joined Newsweek as a freelancer in 2024. She studied literature at university. Languages: English. You can get in touch with Julia by emailing j.hunt@newsweek.com.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
In this series, Newsweek is recapping every show Taylor Swift has performed on the Eras Tour, city-by-city.
Swift had a royal visit as her Eras Tour rolled into London, with Prince William and two of his children joining her backstage for a selfie.
It's thought the "Bejeweled" singer doesn't usually meet people and chat before her gigs, but she made an exception for the royals when they went to see her at Wembley Stadium. The Prince of Wales was celebrating his 42nd birthday at the show on June 21, 2024, and met up with Swift backstage beforehand.
He took along son Prince George, 11, and daughter Princess Charlotte, 9, although his wife Kate Middleton and their youngest child, 6-year-old Prince Louis, stayed home.
Kensington Palace posted a picture on X, formerly Twitter, of the royals beaming as they posed with Swift who looked glam in a sparkly black jacket. "Thank you Taylor Swift for a great evening!" the caption said.
Swift also shared a snap from the royal meet and greet, which showed her boyfriend Travis Kelce posing alongside them all. "Happy Bday M8! London shows are off to a splendid start," she wrote on Instagram.
Prince William caused a splash when the concert got under way as fans were impressed with his dancing as Swift performed hits such as "Shake It Off" and "I Knew You Were Trouble." A clip posted to X showed the royal confidently displaying his moves, waving his arms as he bopped about to the music.
One fan posted a message on the social media platform, branding it "iconic," as another gushed: "Love. Love. Love!" A third X user remarked: "I love that he is able to have fun and enjoy himself at the BEST concert EVER."
"Seeing the future King of England dancing like no one is watching is unforgettably awesome!" commented another fan.
June 21: "Hits Different"/"Death by a Thousand Cuts" and "The Black Dog"/"Come Back... Be Here"/"Maroon"
June 22: "thanK you aIMee"/"Mean" and "Castles Crumbling" with Hayley Williams
June 23: "Us" with Gracie Abrams and "Out of the Woods"/"Is It Over Now?"/"Clean"
August 15: "Everything Has Changed"/"End Game"/"Thinking Out Loud" with Ed Sheeran and "King of My Heart"/"The Alchemy"
August 16: "London Boy" and "Dear John"/"Sad Beautiful Tragic"
August 17: "I Did Something Bad" and "My Boy Only Breaks His Favorite Toys"/"Coney Island"
August 19: "Long Live"/"Change" and "The Archer"/"You're on Your Own Kid"
August 20: "Death By A Thousand Cuts" / "Getaway Car" and "So Long, London"
Learn more about all the record-breaking, sentimental and just downright hilarious moments from Swift's Eras Tour with Newsweek's interactive timeline and map here.
Were you at any of Swift's London shows? Tell us your favorite moment in the comments!
Julia Hunt is a freelance Newsweek reporter based in the UK. Her focus is reporting on entertainment. She has extensively covered pop culture and the world of showbiz. Julia joined Newsweek as a freelancer in 2024. She studied literature at university. Languages: English. You can get in touch with Julia by emailing j.hunt@newsweek.com.
Julia Hunt is a freelance Newsweek reporter based in the UK. Her focus is reporting on entertainment. She has extensively covered pop culture and the world of showbiz. Julia joined Newsweek as a freelancer in 2024. She studied literature at university. Languages: English. You can get in touch with Julia by emailing j.hunt@newsweek.com.
Julia Hunt is a freelance Newsweek reporter based in the UK. Her focus is reporting on entertainment. She has extensively                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC