Paul Bettany will join NYCCC as a special guest on Saturday and Sunday.Chris Pizzello/Invision/AP
Comic Con fans, you better start counting down the days until October comes!
New York Comic Con 2024 will take place at Javits Center in New York City from Oct. 17-20, and fans are snatching up any tickets they can get their hands on.
After the fan verification presale on June 9, VIP tickets entirely sold out, as well as the four-day general admission tickets.
It is no wonder the four-day NYCC tickets sold out, as this convention is jam-packed with acting icons, including Hayley Atwell (”Agent Carter” and “Captain America: First Avenger”), Josh Brolin (”Dune 2″ and “Avengers: Endgame”) and Paul Bettany (”WandaVision”).
Some other special guests attending NYCC include Carla Gugino (”The Fall of the House of Usher” and “The Haunting of Hill House”), Denise Richards (”Starship Troopers” and “Wild Things”), Freddie Prinze Jr (”Star Wars Rebels” and “Scooby Doo”), Matt Smith (”Doctor Who” and “The Crown”), Noel Fisher (”Shameless” and “Twilight”), Kate Siegel (“The Fall of the House of Usher” and “The Haunting of Hill House”) and so many more.
Even though the presale has passed, there will be a general sale taking place on June 26 at 12 p.m. To get tickets, you’ll need to create a Fan Verification profile to buy NYCC 2024 tickets during the on-sale if you have never attended NYCC before or did not roll over your Fan Verification profile this year.
You can sign up and make a profile here.
However, tickets of all kinds for NYCC, including the sold-out ones can be found on secondary market websites such as StubHub, Vivid Seats, TicketCity and SeatGeek.
If you find that you never secure the tickets at the best cost or in the section you want to be in through StubHub, you can find some tips and tricks here.
First-time Vivid Seats users can save $20 on ticket orders over $200 by entering promo code NJ20 at checkout.
TicketCity users can save $15 on orders over $400 using promo code TCITYSAVE15 at checkout.
A complete list of the NYCC 2024′s dates and schedules is available here.
New York Comic Con 2024 is not the only event heading to New York City.
Here are a few more shows and events you don’t want to miss out on: Billy Joel, Gracie Abrams, A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie, Justin Timberlake and Noah Kahan
Our journalism needs your support. Please subscribe today to NJ.com.
Nicole Iuzzolino can be reached at niuzzolino@njadvancemedia.com. Have a tip? Tell us at nj.com/tips.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices