By VALERIA GARCIA FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  02:54, 14 December 2024   |  Updated:  09:52, 14 December 2024   
 91
View  comments
Katy Perry looked glamorous on the red carpet ahead of her performance at iHeartRadio z100's Jingle Ball on Friday.
The 40-year-old singer commanded attention in a metallic silver flare gown that hugged her bust and showed off her tiny waistline while at the star-studded bash in New York City.
She paired her simple ensemble with matching earrings and various gemstone rings as her signature raven locks cascaded over her shoulders.
Later in the evening, the Roar hitmaker is slated to take the stage and belt out some of her greatest hits, including some from her latest album 147. 
iHeartRadio z100's Jingle Ball is being held at Madison Square Garden and will see special performances from Tate McRae, Teddy Swims and Meghan Trainor.
The Kid LAROI, Madison Beer, Benson Boone and Gracie Abrams are also set to make special appearances.
Katy Perry looked glamorous on the red carpet ahead of her performance at iHeartRadio z100's Jingle Ball on Friday in New York City
The 2024 Jingle Ball concert tour sees ten major cities in the United States. It kicked off in Dallas, Texas, on December 3 and is slated to wrap in Miami, Florida, on December 21.
After Friday evening's show, the Jingle Ball stage will make its way to Boston on Sunday. 
Tickets are available to the general public on the iHeart website, with prices ranging from $569.30 to $1,129 per ticket.
Katy was spotted arriving ahead of her high-profile gig at JFK Airport in New York on Thursday alongside her fiancé Orlando Bloom.
Benson Boone also made heads turn at the musical event as he performed his signature backflip on the red carpet, as he does frequently on-stage. 
The Ghost Town singer, 22, showed his support for fellow performer Teddy Swims while donning a T-shirt boasting the hitmaker's name, which he paired with jeans and cowboy boots.
The 5ft10in Washington native previously did a flip on the red carpet of the LA tour stop last Friday. 
On Thursday, the singer won a Billboard Music Award for his January hit Beautiful Things. 
The 40-year-old singer commanded attention in a metallic silver flare gown that hugged her bust and showed off her tiny waistline
The Roar hitmaker is slated to take the stage and belt out some of her greatest hits
iHeartRadio z100's Jingle Ball is being held at Madison Square Garden
Katy was spotted arriving ahead of her high-profile gig at JFK Airport in New York on Thursday alongside her fiancé Orlando Bloom 
She dressed as a sexy reindeer for her set, donning a nude corset and booty shorts with silver accents
Her glittering ensemble left little to the imagination
The star put on a very leggy display in her knee high silver metallic boots 
Katy is set to embark in her first worldwide tour in eight years next year 
The Fireworks hitmaker looked at home on the stage for the festive performance 
Benson Boone also made heads turn as he performed his signature backflip on the red carpet
The Ghost Town singer, 22, showed his support for fellow performer Teddy Swims while donning the a T-shirt boasting the hitmaker's name
The five-foot-ten Washington native previously did a flip on the red carpet of the LA tour stop last Friday
On Thursday, the singer won a Billboard Music Award for his January hit Beautiful Things
Benson also took to the stage as he showcased his impressive physique under a white furry jacket 
The star is known for his acrobatic tricks on stage 
The Kid Laroi was spotted looking dapper on the glittering gala's red carpet in a $575 Martine Rose orange velvet track suit.
He teamed his look with a black T-shirt underneath, and he accessorized with a pearl necklace.
In late October, the 21-year-old Stay singer had been in the headlines for canceling his Asia-exclusive tour — which was supposed to stop in the Philippines and Singapore — due to unforeseen circumstances.
The singer said in a statement at the time: 'My fans are everything to me, and I’m always committed to delivering the best performance and experience at every show. Unfortunately, due to circumstances beyond my control, we’ve had to make the difficult decision to cancel the Asia tour.'
He is still set to perform other tour dates in the United States and Australia. 
Shaboozey looked dashing in an all-denim inspired get-up paired with designer sunglasses and cowboy boots. 
The Start ARiot hitmaker was most recently in a relationship with model Emily Ratajkowski. However, reports indicate that the couple has recently parted ways, according to The Sun. 
Madison Beer smoldered in an off-the-shoulder white gown with a sexy thigh-high leg slit.
The 25-year-old Selfish songstress wore her brunette locks in loose curls and showed off her endless legs in a pair of black high heels.
He completed the look with white jeans and a green sparkly belt 
He saluted to fans following his performance 
The Kid Laroi was spotted looking dapper at the glittering gala's red carpet in a $575 Martine Rose orange velvet track suit
He teamed his look with a black T-shirt underneath, and he accessorized with a pearl necklace
Shaboozey looked dashing in an all-denim inspired get-up paired with designer sunglasses and cowboy boots
Fans saw Shaboozey hit the stage later in the evening
The Start a Riot hitmaker was most recently in a relationship with model Emily Ratajkowski ut recent reports claim the duo have split
Madison Beer smoldered in an off-the-shoulder white gown with a sexy thigh-high leg slit.
The 25-year-old Selfish songstress wore her brunette locks in loose waves
She showed off her endless legs donning a pair of black high heels
Madison later changed into a festive red velvet dress adorned with a large white bow 
The singer put on a very leggy display in the mini off the shoulder dress 
She completed the look with a knee high pair of white leather boots 
Martha Stewart bundled up in a fuzzy yellow coat while wearing a stunning gold metallic sweater and matching pants.
She tied her look together gold statement earrings and pointed toe-boots. 
Fans also got a glimpse of Beer and Stewart posed together, smiling for the cameras just outside of the elite extravaganza. 
Teddy Swims sported a velvet suit with a matching dress shirt. He teamed his look with bedazzled loafers and a trendy hat.
The 32-year-old Lose Control singer flashed his golden teeth and countless tattoos. 
Sarah Michelle Gellar looked age defying in a silver sequined bodycon dress and a gray cardigan. 
The actress let her blond hair loose and modeled a full-face of makeup that complemented her glowing complexion. 
The star was previously spotted on Wednesday while in New York City promoting her new series Dexter: Original Sin, which premiered on Friday.
She wore black-and-white patterned hoop earrings and showed off her fresh maroon manicure. 
Martha Stewart bundled up in a fuzzy yellow coat while wearing a stunning gold metallic sweater and matching pants
Fans also got a glimpse of Beer and Stewart posed together, smiling for the cameras just outside of the elite extravaganza
The pals appeared to be in good spirits
Teddy Swims sported a velvet suit with a matching dress shirt
He teamed his look with bedazzled loafers and a trendy hat
The 32-year-old Lose Control singer flashed his golden teeth
He also showed off his and countless tattoos
Teddy changed into a festive red suit 
He added a matching hat as he belted out the lyrics 
Sarah Michelle Gellar looked age defying in a silver sequined bodycon dress and gray cardigan
The actress let her blond hair loose and modeled a full-face of makeup that complemented her glowing complexion
We recently saw the star on Wednesday while in New York City promoting her new series Dexter: Original Sin
She wore black-and-white patterned hoop earrings and showed off her fresh maroon manicure
She styled her blond hair in loose curls
T. J. Holmes and Amy Robach made heads turn while posing together at the A-list affair. 
The 47-year-old journalist looked dapper in a white turtleneck and blush-toned velvet jacket.
Robach, 51, looked stunning in a sheer low-cut black gown that showed off her tiny waist and clung to her frame.
She wore her golden locks in a stylish up-do while donning a dainty gold necklace and flaunting her confidence.
The duo were also spotted with their respective teen daughters Sabine Holmes and Annalise Mcintosh.
Kelly Bensimon showed off her tan legs in a long-sleeve white minidress, and she could be seen laughing up a storm on the red carpet.
The 56-year-old former Real Housewife paired her look with dark heels with a fuzzy strap accent.
She let her honey-toned locks loose, cascading of her shoulders while flaunting her glamorous makeup.
T. J. Holmes and Amy Robach made heads turn while posing together at the A-list affair
The 47-year-old journalist looked dapper in a white turtleneck and blush-toned velvet jacket
Robach, 51, looked stunning in a sheer low-cut black gown that showed off her tiny waist and clung to her frame
The duo were also spotted with their respective teen daughters Sabine Holmes and Annalise Mcintosh
Kelly Bensimon showed off her tan legs in a long-sleeve white minidress, and she was seen laughing up a storm on the red carpet
The 56-year-old former Real Housewife paired her look with dark heels with a fuzzy strap accent
Ashley Iaconetti looked stunning in a gold sparkling minidress that showed off her petite frame. 
The 36-year-old The Bachelor alumna teamed her look with studded-strap flats while posing up a storm at the celebrity-packed soiree.
Mckenna Grace looked dazzling in a glittering silver minidress that called attention to her barely there waist.
The 18-year-old Annabelle actress wore her golden locks in bouncy, voluminous waves while sporting silver pointed-toe heels.
Dasha also made a special appearance, modeling a daring metallic minidress that featured cascading silver and gold chainmail detail.
The layered chains created a mesmerizing illusion, perfectly accentuating her flawless figure.
Her blond locks were styled in flowing beachy waves as she rocked glowing makeup that showed off her picture perfect complexion.
Will Roos and Meghan King also posed together at the VIP gathering. 
Ashley Iaconetti looked stunning in a gold sparkling minidress that showed off her petite frame 
Mckenna Grace looked dazzling in a glittering silver mini dress that called attention to her barely-there waist
Dasha also made a special appearance, modeling a daring metallic minidress that featured cascading silver and gold chainmail detail
Her blond locks were styled in flowing beachy waves as she rocked glowing makeup that showed off her picture perfect complexion
Will Roos and Meghan King also posed together at the VIP gathering
Jennifer Fessler (L) and Jackie Goldschneider (R) looked glamorous while posing together prior to the event
They were joined by Erin Lichy, who is expecting her her fourth child with husband Abe Lichy
The holiday concert tour will be available for listening at 7 p.m. EST, exclusively on the iHeartRadio station. Friday's program will hit the Hulu library on Saturday
Meghan Trainor looked ethereal in a  warm bubble coat and matching mini skirt paired with white knee-high boots
Her husband Daryl Sabara opted for a blue puffer jacket with jeans and matching boots
The lovebirds shared a kiss on the red carpet
Meghan went all out with her festive attire in sexy Santa dress
She paired the red and white dress with black leather gloves and matching boots 
The star was joined on stage by Jimmy Fallon who looked very stylish in a pair of red tartan trousers 
The pair were seen embracing backstage
They joked around after wowing the crowd with their collaboration 
Meghan also posed for a snap with Teddy 
Jennifer Fessler and Jackie Goldschneider looked glamorous while posing together prior to the event. 
The pair was also joined by Erin Lichy who is expecting her her fourth child with her husband Abe Lichy.
The holiday concert tour will be available for listening at 7 p.m. EST, exclusively on the iHeartRadio station.
Friday's program will hit the Hulu library on Saturday. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group