Julia Hunt is a freelance Newsweek reporter based in the UK. Her focus is reporting on entertainment. She has extensively covered pop culture and the world of showbiz. Julia joined Newsweek as a freelancer in 2024. She studied literature at university. Languages: English. You can get in touch with Julia by emailing j.hunt@newsweek.com.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
In this series, Newsweek is recapping every show Taylor Swift has performed on the Eras Tour, city-by-city.
Swift gave a sweet nod to boyfriend Travis Kelce as she pulled out his signature bow and arrow move onstage in London.
The Kansas City Chiefs tight end is known for performing the move when he enters the Arrowhead Stadium in Kansas City, Missouri, for home games. And Swift delighted fans when she did it herself on the first night of her Eras Tour shows in London on June 21, 2024.
The star was performing "So High School," a track from her album The Tortured Poets Department, which many fans suspect is about Kelce when she did the move. Clips posted on X, formerly Twitter, show the singer clad in a white dress, leaning back and pulling back an imaginary arrow before letting it go, sending the fans wild.
There was another surprise in store for Kelce, who was at the show at Wembley Stadium, as Swift changed the lyrics of her song "Karma" in his honor.
Instead of singing "Karma is the guy on the screen, coming straight home to me,", she instead sang, "Karma is the guy on the Chiefs coming straight home to me." The twist is something Swift has previously done on the tour when Kelce was in attendance.
The pair started dating in 2023, making their first public appearances together that autumn.
Since then, they have often been seen supporting each other at the NFL star's games or the singer's shows. Swift documents much of her love life in her music and many people think she penned "So High School" about her boyfriend. The track tells the story of a fresh, exciting romance and includes lines like "You know how to ball, I know Aristotle" and "I feel like laughing in the middle of practice," which Swifties think must refer to the tight end.
June 21: "Hits Different"/"Death by a Thousand Cuts" and "The Black Dog"/"Come Back...Be Here"/"Maroon"
June 22: "thanK you aIMee"/"Mean" and "Castles Crumbling" with Hayley Williams
June 23: "Us" with Gracie Abrams and "Out of the Woods"/"Is It Over Now?"/"Clean"
August 15: "Everything Has Changed"/"End Game"/"Thinking Out Loud" with Ed Sheeran and "King of My Heart"/"The Alchemy"
August 16: "London Boy" and "Dear John"/"Sad Beautiful Tragic"
August 17: "I Did Something Bad" and "My Boy Only Breaks His Favorite Toys"/"Coney Island"
August 19: "Long Live"/"Change" and "The Archer"/"You're on Your Own Kid"
August 20: "Death By A Thousand Cuts" / "Getaway Car" and "So Long, London"
Learn more about all the record-breaking, sentimental and just downright hilarious moments from Swift's Eras Tour with Newsweek's interactive timeline and map here.
Were you at any of Swift's London shows? Tell us your favorite moment in the comments!
Julia Hunt is a freelance Newsweek reporter based in the UK. Her focus is reporting on entertainment. She has extensively covered pop culture and the world of showbiz. Julia joined Newsweek as a freelancer in 2024. She studied literature at university. Languages: English. You can get in touch with Julia by emailing j.hunt@newsweek.com.
Julia Hunt is a freelance Newsweek reporter based in the UK. Her focus is reporting on entertainment. She has extensively covered pop culture and the world of showbiz. Julia joined Newsweek as a freelancer in 2024. She studied literature at university. Languages: English. You can get in touch with Julia by emailing j.hunt@newsweek.com.
Julia Hunt is a freelance Newsweek reporter based in the UK. Her focus is reporting on entertainment. She has extensively                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC