Login
SUBSCRIBE
Sign up for FREE daily enews
Vermont Business Magazine Yesterday at Noah Kahan’s Benefit Concert in Essex, Ben & Jerry’s scooped a very limited-edition flavor: Northern Latte-tude. And today only, the limited-edition flavor will be scooped in Burlington and Waterbury Scoop Shops.
Created in partnership between Kahan and Ben & Jerry’s Flavor Gurus, the flavor is a maple latte ice cream with graham cracker cookie dough & graham cracker pieces. Northern Latte-tude is inspired by Kahan, his Vermont roots and popular song, Northern Attitude. 
The limited-edition flavor was created specifically for the benefit concert with the goal to raise funds for Kahan’s mental health initiative, The Busyhead Project, which raises awareness around the importance of mental health, reduces stigmas and provides mental health resources. 
"We were more than excited to partner with Noah Kahan to create this flavor," said Emily Smith, Ben & Jerry's Head of Brand Innovation. "With Noah being from Vermont and establishing his non-profit The Busyhead Project to support such an important issue that he cares deeply about, we saw tons of fan gratitude for Noah's Latte-tude, all while doing good."
ABOUT NOAH KAHANGRAMMY-nominated Vermont singer & songwriter Noah Kahan has exploded from his New England roots into the global mainstream and has been touted as one of this year's biggest and best new artists. At the core of his music are vulnerable lyrics and an unfiltered yet relatable honesty, as the critically acclaimed artist pens songs straight from the heart and cracks jokes with his signature, self-deprecating sense of humor. Across his three albums and an EP, Kahan has garnered global renown for his singular mix of Folk, Americana, and Rock, landing more than seven billion streams, a 4x Platinum Certification for his hit single "Stick Season," and collaborations with Post Malone, Kacey Musgraves, Brandi Carlile, Hozier, Gregory Alan Isakov, Gracie Abrams, Sam Fender, Lizzy McAlpine, Zach Bryan, Joy Oladokun, and more. His widely adored, Double Platinum-Certified album, Stick Season, is inspired by his New England roots and earliest musical inspirations—from Paul Simon to Yusuf Islam (Cat Stevens)—conveying a vivid representation of what he loves, fears, and struggles with most passionately. Noah embarked on his sold-out "Stick Season Tour" across North America since the album's release, selling over half-a-million tickets and performing in the biggest venues of his career, with stadium and arena dates already sold-out for his 2024 "We'll All Be Here Forever" world tour. In June 2023, he released an extended version of Stick Season (We'll All Be Here Forever), which surpassed sales of the original and features his single "Dial Drunk." Last year, he also founded The Busyhead Project, a charitable initiative that expands access to mental healthcare and fights the stigma around mental health, which has already raised over $2.5 million dollars to date. In February 2024, Noah dropped Stick Season (Forever),a30-track collection that includes his latest single "Forever" and collaborations with Brandi Carlile and Gregory Alan Isakov and is now Double Platinum—further solidifying himself as one of the most successful breakout artists of the year.
ABOUT THE BUSYHEAD PROJECTNamed after Noah Kahan's 2019 debut album, The Busyhead Project is a mental health initiative founded by Noah Kahan aimed at providing resources and information needed to end the stigma around mental health. Derived from his own life experiences, Kahan has been vocal about his mental health journey and challenges since a young age, remaining steadfast in his commitment to utilizing his platform to shed light on the topic and make mental healthcare accessible for all.
Since launching in 2023, The Busyhead Project has already raised millions of dollars in pursuit of its ultimate goal to make mental healthcare accessible for all.
https://www.busyheadproject.org/   
SOURCE Ben & Jerry's Homemade Inc.
VermontBiz365 Dorset StreetSouth Burlington, Vermont 05403Phone: 802.863.8038Fax: 802.863.8069

Copyright © Vermont Business Magazine, 2014 -