Taylor Swift will perform six more concerts on her "Eras Tour." Three are this week in Toronto, Canada. The final three will be in December in Vancouver, Canada. Here, she performs at Rogers Centre on Nov. 14, 2024, in Toronto, Ontario.Emma McIntyre/Getty Images
The end is almost here.
There are only six more concerts on Taylor Swift’s record-breaking “Eras Tour” and they are all in Canada.
The superstar has traveled the world on the tour that started in March 2023. Now, the schedule is down to just half a dozen shows.
She will perform Thursday, Nov. 21; Friday, Nov. 22; and Saturday, Nov. 23, in Toronto, Canada; and Friday, Dec. 6; Saturday, Dec. 7; and Sunday, Dec. 8, in Vancouver, Canada. Opening is Gracie Abrams.
Fans can buy tickets to the sold-out concerts on these secondary market sites (prices are as of the time of this publication):
Thursday, Nov. 21 - Rogers Centre, Toronto, Canada
Friday, Nov. 22 - Rogers Centre, Toronto, Canada
Saturday, Nov. 23 - Rogers Centre, Toronto, Canada
Friday, Dec. 6 - BC Place Stadium, Vancouver, Canada
Saturday, Dec. 7 - BC Place Stadium, Vancouver, Canada
Sunday, Dec. 8 - BC Place Stadium, Vancouver, Canada
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices