By ADAM S. LEVY FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  03:11, 15 May 2024   |  Updated:  03:58, 15 May 2024   
 2
View  comments
Victoria Monét had a banner mail day.
The singer-songwriter, 35, took to Instagram to share with her 1.8 million followers an image of the three Grammy statues she got in the mail Tuesday, after collecting three honors at the ceremony in February.
'They came!! thank you God!!!' Monét said. 'I’ll cry or maybe even laugh a little every time I pass these in my home.'
The Atlanta native at the February 4 award show won in the categories for Best New Artist, Best R&B Album and Best Engineered Album, Non-classical.
The Monopoly vocalist shared a pic of the gramophone statues, along with a framed image stylist Bryon Javar presented her of a 2013 tweet she sent about working toward winning a Grammy.
Victoria Monét, 35, took to Instagram to share with her 1.8 million followers an image of the three Grammy statues she got in the mail Tuesday, after collecting three honors at the ceremony February 4 in LA
The Atlanta native at the February 4 award show won in the categories for Best New Artist, Best R&B Album and Best Engineered Album, Non-classical 
'Special thank you to @bryonjavar for framing this tweet from 11 years before the wins!' Monét said.
The surging R&B star told her followers that the awards represent the realization of a dream, encouraging her followers to follow their own dreams.
'It’s an incredible reminder that when you want something, the only thing between you and that thing is time, and if you’re willing to spend that time in your highest forms of hard work, passion, consistency and gratitude for the journey, your dreams will have no choice but to run to you!!' she said.
The On My Mama performer, prior to her breakout as a solo artist, wrote tracks for notable names such as Ariana Grande, and Chloe and Halle Bailey.
Monét's triumph in the category of best new artist came against fellow nominees including Ice Spice, Jelly Roll, The War and Treaty, Fred again.., Gracie Abrams, Coco Jones and Noah Kahan.
Monét singled out her mother L'Tanya Chestang-Cubit in her speech in which she accepted the honors: 'A single mom raising this really bad girl - thank you so much.'
Monét in her acceptance speech called her work in the music industry ahead of the Grammy 'a 15-year pursuit' after moving to Los Angeles in 2009.
'I like to liken myself to a plant who was planted, and you can look at the music industry as soil, and it can look to be looked at as dirty, or can be looked at as a source of nutrients and water,' Monét said. 'My roots have been growing underneath ground unseen for so long, and I feel like today I'm sprouting, finally, above ground.' 
The surging R&B star told her followers that the awards represent the realization of a dream, encouraging her followers to follow their own dreams 
Monét singled out her mother L'Tanya Chestang-Cubit in her speech in which she accepted the honors for Best New Artist 
The Monopoly vocalist was pictured alongside musical superstar Beyoncé in February at the Grammy Awards 
The On My Mama performer, prior to her breakout as a solo artist, wrote tracks for notable names such as Ariana Grande, and Chloe and Halle Bailey 
A post shared by Recording Academy / GRAMMYs (@recordingacademy)
Monét, who had been up for seven total Grammys, also made history, as her three-year-old daughter Hazel Monét Gaines had been listed (along with Earth, Wind & Fire) as a nominee on her song Hollywood - becoming the youngest person to achieve the feat ever.
Monét told People last year that Hazel's nomination on the track marked 'another full circle moment for' her.
'People were telling me how bad of a career move it could be, how detrimental to everything it could be,' she said. 'Pregnancy, it's going into unknown territory, and no one's story is the same.
'So, to have one of the more fearful moments career-wise turn into one of the best moments ever of my career is really magical. I'm honored to have the accolade for her.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group