Taylor Swift's "Eras Tour" was one of the tours I was able to get tickets for by using several secret tips and tricks.Getty Images
I know all too well that getting tickets for highly coveted concerts can be a battle, especially at the right price point.
In addition to the obnoxious price points, there are hidden fees and the constant issue of tour tickets selling out within minutes, making many fans give up on their dreams of seeing their favorite artists live.
This is a problem I have experienced for so long, and I missed out on securing some of my dream concert tickets because I didn’t know the tricks to getting the best tickets at the cheapest price point.
After a multitude of times of missing out on securing the concert tickets I want, I finally figured out some tips and tricks to being able to get pretty much any concert or festival ticket I want!
With these tricks, I have been able to secure tickets to two Taylor Swift concerts, Gracie Abrams concerts and Morgan Wallen stadium tour concerts along with many passes for music festivals, such as Sea.Hear.Now, Osheaga and Governors Ball.
As you know, secrets are no fun unless you share with everyone, and I want to make sure you can also use my tips and tricks to secure any concert tickets you want.
Here are the six tips I have to securing the concerts tickets of your dreams.
While this may seem like the riskiest way to get tickets, it is actually a very valuable tip that has helped me secure several concert tickets.
Each day it gets closer to a show, tickets always tend to keep decreasing in price, often bringing the cost down to under $100.
While it’s a potential risk that tickets could sell out, there are sometimes concerts that have tickets sitting around for awhile that you can snag off the market in no time.
I see this repeatedly even with extremely popular concerts, such as Taylor Swift’s “Eras Tour” tickets that have dropped in price to just a little over $100 for her European shows.
Being prepared is the key to get any concert ticket you want.
Whatever ticketing website you use, whether it is StubHub, Vivid Seats, TicketCity, SeatGeek or Ticketmaster, it is important to set up a customer profile before any sales or presale begin. When a sale begins, you only have a few minutes to add tickets to your cart and actually check out. If you wait until the day of to set up all your profile information, then you are bound to lose the tickets in your cart.
I always strive to save time, which means I enter in all my credit card information in advance, so all I have to do is click check out.
The key to helping me secure my first set of “Eras Tour” tickets was using the Capital One presale.
Whether it is a Capital One card or any other credit card, there are generally several presales that coincide with a number of major credit cards.
Whatever card I am using to buy tickets, I always check to see what presales are going on with the credit card I am using. Just by checking this in advance, I always find presales that give me a better chance of securing the seats that I want.
You can also sign up for that artist’s newsletter or fan club in advance on their website ahead of the concert to see if they announce any artist presales. Just remember to check your email.
When it is time to secure concert tickets, you won’t have much time to be picky about where your seats are so it is important that you know where you want to sit in advance.
Before I buy concert tickets, I always check out the venue I am going to see where I want to sit. This little task makes my life a million times easier when I go to purchase tickets. It allows me to check out very quickly and get the tickets I want as fast as possible.
There have been many times where I expected cheaper tickets than what I saw listed during the sale. Sometimes, this shock has stalled me, and I panicked looking for other tickets, losing many other tickets in the process.
It is important to expect tickets to be more expensive than what you want them to be when going into a sale. You also don’t want to panic and end up buying the most expensive ticket just to be able to attend the concert.
Go in with a budget while preparing to spend a bit of money to get the tickets you’re eyeing.
Team work always makes the dream work, especially when it comes to getting concert tickets.
When there is a huge stadium tour I want to get tickets for, such as for the “Eras Tour” or Morgan Wallen’s stadium tour, my friends and I always work together to get them.
One of us is always accessing a presale while the others are on secondary market websites scouring different sites for tickets.
This has been the key for us to getting the tickets we want and the experience we’ve been hoping for.
Our journalism needs your support. Please subscribe today to NJ.com.
Nicole Iuzzolino can be reached at niuzzolino@njadvancemedia.com. Have a tip? Tell us at nj.com/tips.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices