Taylor Swift will perform her revamped Eras tour in the UK, featuring changes to her setlist, support acts and costumes.
The US superstar restructured the concert as she kicked off the European leg of her juggernaut tour in Paris at the beginning of May.
She cut several songs to showcase music from her new album, The Tortured Poets Department, including But Daddy I Love Him, Down Bad, Fortnight, The Smallest Man Who Ever Lived, and I Can Do It With A Broken Heart.
Those tracks are widely interpreted to be about her rumoured romance with The 1975 frontman Matty Healy.
Fans have compared some of the staging of numbers in that section of the show to performances by the British singer, including Swift’s theatrics in the transition to I Can Do It With A Broken Heart.
The use of marching drummers and a salute during The Smallest Man Who Ever Lived also bears a striking similarity to videos of a Healy performance.
Swift dubbed the new section of her show Female Rage: The Musical.
She has also started repeating songs in the “surprise song” portion of her acoustic set, and introducing mash-ups.
The US star arrives in the UK on June 7 for three nights at the Murrayfield Stadium in Edinburgh before playing three nights at Liverpool’s Anfield Stadium, followed by a performance at the Principality Stadium in Cardiff and then three back-to-back shows at London’s Wembley.
She will also play three nights at Dublin’s Aviva Stadium.
US pop-punk band Paramore, consisting of Hayley Williams, Taylor York and Zac Farro, will support Swift across all the UK dates.
Brit Awards Rising Star winner Griff will join Paramore in supporting Swift in London on June 22; US singer Mette will perform in London on June 21; and US singer-songwriter Benson Boone will be on the bill on June 23.
The support acts have changed since Swift began touring in March 2023.
Stars including Filipino-English singer Beabadoobee and US star Sabrina Carpenter have performed, while Gracie Abrams, who opened for Swift at the beginning of the tour, is set to return after the UK performances during the Canada dates.
Meanwhile, UK fans will experience several new costumes from Swift which were debuted at the beginning of the European leg – including a red sparkling bodysuit for the opening section of the show.
She is also expected to perform The Tortured Poets Department portion of the gig in a cream ball gown, with the on-stage visuals adopting a black-and-white theme.
The tour is themed around the different “eras” Swift has created during her career, with dedicated sets for each of her 11 studio albums.

                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                

                            Last Updated: 

Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.