The only NFL schedule you need in your life.
We’ve entered the NFL season which, if you’re a Swiftie, essentially involves watching Taylor Swift watch football (an arguably more entertaining activity than any given sport—I said what I said). Taylor showed up to her boyfriend (fiancé?) Travis Kelce’s first two games of the 2024–2025 season, but there are still DOZENS left to go. 
On that note, head below for a break down of which games Tay can attend—at least based on what we know about her touring schedule. And yes, we’re updating this as weeks progress!
Location: Kansas City, Missouri
Taylor Swift: Showed up! In over-the-knee red boots and a denim corset, no less.
Location: Kansas City, Missouri
Taylor Swift: Arrived! Wearing a Chiefs jersey as a dress.
Location: Atlanta, Georgia
Taylor Swift: Did not attend, no word as to why.
Location: Los Angeles, California
Taylor Swift: Did not attend, despite speculation that she’d be there. TBD what she was doing instead!
Location: Kansas City, Missouri 
Taylor Swift: Was there! Looking incredible in a plaid skirt and corset from Vivienne Westwood, which she paired with knee-high boots and glitter face freckles.
Location: Santa Clara, California
Taylor Swift: Was busy. Specifically performing at Miami’s Hard Rock Stadium with Gracie Abrams as her opening act.
Location: Las Vegas, Nevada
Taylor Swift: Was busy. Specifically, busy performing in New Orleans on the Eras Tour, also with Gracie Abrams.
Location: Kansas City, Missouri 
Taylor Swift: Was free! Looking game-day ready as usual.
Location: Kansas City, Missouri
Taylor Swift: Was free! And showed up in head-to-toe Versace.
Location: Buffalo, New York
Taylor Swift: Didn’t attend! This is maybe why:
Location: Charlotte, North Carolina
Taylor Swift: Was technically free (at least as far as the Eras Tour was concerned), but she skipped the game.
Location: Kansas City, Missouri
Taylor Swift: Was there! And showed up with Donna Kelce. 
Location: Kansas City, Missouri
Taylor Swift: Was busy playing the FINAL SHOW OF THE ERAS TOUR!!!!!
Location: Cleveland, Ohio
Taylor Swift: Didn't attend! 
Location: Kansas City, Missouri
Taylor Swift: Was there! In a faux fur red jacket and bucket hat, no less.
Location: Pittsburg, Pennsylvania
Taylor Swift: Is technically free, but this is a Christmas Day away game, soooo TBD on if she shows up.
Location: Denver, Colorado 
Taylor Swift: Is free I guess, but does anyone really know what their plans are in 2025 yet? Not me!
8 Takeaways From Prince Harry’s New BBC Interview
JoJo Says Kath Was “Uncool” to Allege She Cheated
JoJo Breaks Silence on Mickey Rourke’s Homophobia
A$AP Rocky on Sharing Clothes With Rihanna
Blake Lively Gives First TV Interview Post-Lawsuit
Princess Charlotte Will Eventually Be Worth £4B
Walton Goggins Ends Interview Over Aimee Lou Wood
Wills "Sickened" by Harry Leveraging Royal Status
Timothée's List of "Demands" for Dating Kylie 
Sydney and Brandon Allegedly Spotted Holding Hands
Is Lexi Wood Coming Back to Summer House?
Hailey Bieber’s Gucci Dress Is So Cinderella-Coded
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.