Share
With less than a week away from the 2024 presidential election, former President Donald Trump and Vice President Kamala Harris are stirring voters to get to the ballot box. FOX 5 NY’s Briella Tomassetti has the latest.
The race for the White House remains virtually tied with under a week to go until Election Day, according to the most recent polls.
US PRESIDENTIAL POLLS: NATIONAL l SWING STATES l 270 TO WIN
Vice President Kamala Harris has maintained a razor-thin edge nationally, but former President Donald Trump appears to be gaining ground in key swing states. 

    Featured
  
While Vice President Kamala Harris continues to maintain a minor edge over former President Donald Trump nationally, what are polls saying about NY, NJ and CT?
Harris and Trump will criss-cross several swing states on Wednesday, passing each other in Wisconsin, where Trump is scheduled to appear in Green Bay with retired NFL quarterback Brett Favre.

    Featured
  
Presidential predictor Allan Lichtman and pollster Nate Silver project that different candidates will win, while betting odds are starting to swing heavily in one candidate's favor.
Mumford & Sons, Gracie Abrams, Remi Wolf and members of the band The National are expected to appear at Harris' rally Wednesday night in Madison. 
According to 270toWin, Harris maintains an edge in national polls. An average of 17-plus national polls showed Harris up by 1 percentage point as of Wednesday, Oct. 30. 
Polling in the seven key battleground states, which will decide the outcome of the election, show Trump is slightly ahead in most swing states. All the polls are extremely close and within the margin of error.
An average of nine polls, the most recent on Oct. 29, shows Trump with a 2.2% lead in Arizona, a swing state with 11 electoral votes up for grabs. 
An average of six polls, the most recent on Oct. 29, shows Trump up 2% in Georgia, a swing state with 16 electoral votes.
An average of nine polls, the most recent on Oct. 30, shows Harris with a 1.6% lead in Michigan, a swing state with 15 electoral votes. 
An average of seven polls, the most recent on Oct. 29, show Trump with a .4% lead in Nevada, a swing state with six electoral votes. 
An average of nine polls, the most recent on Oct. 29, shows Trump with a 1.4% lead in North Carolina, a swing state with 16 electoral votes. 
An average of eight polls, the most recent on Oct. 29, shows Trump with a .5% lead in Pennsylvania, a swing state with 19 electoral votes. Harris was up in Pennsylvania a day earlier, showing just how close the race is in the Keystone State. 
An average of seven polls, the most recent on Oct. 29, shows Trump with a .2% lead in Wisconsin. Harris had a .4% lead in the Wisconsin polls a day earlier. 
It will take 270 electoral votes to win the 2024 presidential election. Click states on this interactive map to create your own 2024 election forecast. Create a specific match-up by clicking the party and/or names near the electoral vote counter. Source: 270toWin.
Click HERE if you're having trouble viewing on mobile.
Election Day is Tuesday, Nov. 5, 6 days from Wednesday.
Polls are open at 6 a.m. on Election Day, Tuesday, Nov. 5. 
Polls close at 9 p.m. on Election Day, Tuesday, Nov. 5. 
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX Television Stations