Support independent journalism, free from the trades and other publications that are part of the tinsel town machine.
For 12 years, Showbiz411.com has been covering Hollywood, Broadway, the music business and the business of celebrity. Ads are our main source of funding, but contributions (not tax exempt) from readers who enjoy the scoops, exclusives, and fact based reports are always welcome and very appreciated. To inquire about ads, email us at showbiz411@gmail.com.
Share
Taylor Swift’s “Tortured Poets” is number 1 today for the 10th week in a row.
“Poets” has sold around 4.5 million copies including streaming. Without streaming, the number is 2.5 million.
Since January 1st, according to Luminate, Swift has sold around 11 million albums including streaming.
New on the chart this week at number 2 is the debut album from Gracie Abrams. The singing songwriting daughter of director JJ Abrams has been Swift’s opening act for much of the last year. They’ve written songs together. Abrams is talented, but she’s also Swift-approved.
There isn’t much else going on in music and hardly anything for male artists. Billie Eilish and Chappell Roan are hanging in the top 20, Ariana Grande and Sabrina Carpenter as well. It’s all pop tarts. Maybe Jerry Seinfeld was onto something!
The Grammy Awards, based on what’s left of their eligibility year, will be all about these women and Beyonce. Remember “Cowboy Carter”?
The only male artist continually selling albums is country star Morgan Wallen, a demonstrable racist who’s obviously found a strong fanbase.
We may see a new album by Eminem, called “The Death of Slim Shady,” released before the September 30th Grammy deadline. A new single called “Tobey” is set for July 2nd, with Big Sean and Babytron.
Otherwise, the outlook is depressing. No one seems to working on a magnum opus, a visionary project, an effort even remotely worthy of comparison with anything from the 60s, 70s, or even 80s. 
Is there an authentic new genuine superstar out there? We’re waiting.
Showbiz411 is now in its 13th year of providing breaking and exclusive entertainment news. This is an independent site, unlike the many Hollywood trades that are owned by one company. To continue providing news that takes a fresh look at what's going on in movies, music, theater, etc, advertising is our basis. Reader donations would be greatly appreciated, too. They are just another facet of keeping fact based journalism alive.Thank you
Read more
Hollywood to the Hudson
Company
Trending
Categories
©	Showbiz411.com