Vice President Kamala Harris spoke to an energized crowd about plans to lower cost of living and pursue common-ground solutions at a Madison “Get Out the Vote” rally Wednesday during the final stretch of the 2024 presidential campaign.
The event comes less than a week before the Nov. 5 election in which Wisconsin will play a crucial role in securing the presidency. Over 13,000 attended the rally held at the Alliant Energy Center, which featured performances from several musical guests, including Gracie Abrams, Mumford & Sons, Remi Wolf and The National’s Matt Berninger and Aaron Dessner. The Harris campaign hopes these artists can serve as trusted voices for young people and encourage them to vote.
Youth voter turnout will play a pivotal role in the 2024 election. In 2020, President Joe Biden beat former President Donald Trump by around 20,000 votes, and there are more than 160,000 four-year students in the UW-System and Marquette University, according to Wisconsin Watch.  
“I see the promise of America in all the young leaders who are voting for the first time,” Harris said during her speech. “I love your generation.”
Wisconsin has already seen record numbers of early in-person voting for the 2024 election, increasing by 40% since the 2020 election, according to Associated Press. 
These young leaders, according to Harris, are “rightly impatient for change,” from climate change to gun violence and abortion rights.
“What I know about you is these issues are not theoretical. This is not political for you. This is your lived experience, and I see you. I see your power and I am so proud of you,” Harris said.
Harris pledged to “always put country above party” and “be a president for all Americans.”
“Unlike Donald Trump, I don’t believe people who disagree with me are the enemy,” Harris said. “He wants to put them in jail. I’ll give them a seat at my table.”
Harris has already been endorsed by several prominent Republicans, including former U.S. Rep. Liz Cheney, and has promised to put a Republican in her cabinet. In Wisconsin, more than 20 local Republican leaders and elected officials signed an open letter endorsing Harris over Trump.
Additionally, Harris excited the crowd by touting plans she claimed would lower costs for “hard working Americans.” She highlighted her intentions to lower housing costs, cut taxes for middle class workers and small businesses and implement a federal ban on price gouging for groceries. 
High cost of living has been a prominent issue among Wisconsin voters. According to the October Marquette poll, 38% of Wisconsinites said the economy is their most important issue in deciding who to vote for in November, the highest percentage of the poll’s eight options.
Harris drew a stark contrast between her economic policies and Trump’s, claiming he wants to cut taxes for billionaires and implement a 20% tariff on imported goods. She said Trump’s plan would increase the average family’s spending by around $4,000 per year.  
“We know Donald Trump is not someone who is thinking about how to make your life better,” Harris said. 
Democrats have been campaigning heavily in the swing state of Wisconsin throughout the 2024 election cycle. This rally marks Harris’ fifth visit to Wisconsin and second rally in Madison. Former President Obama and vice presidential candidate Minnesota Gov. Tim Walz addressed voters at a rally of their own on Oct. 22.
Harris will be back in Wisconsin Friday to visit Milwaukee for another music-filled rally featuring rappers GloRilla, Flo Milli, MC Lyte, R&B group The Isley Brothers and local DJ GEMINI GILLY. Rapper Cardi B is also slated to speak at the rally. 
Nick Bumgardner is the features editor for The Daily Cardinal. He previously covered state news and politics as a senior staff writer. You can follow him on Twitter at @nickbum_.
 
Iain Chang is a senior staff writer at The Daily Cardinal covering state news and politics.