'Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour (Taylor Version)' recently had its premiere debut on the streaming service Disney+ with a Swift-inspired takeover of the homepage.
Nine curated titles inspired by each singer's era will be shown on the service's main screen for a single day only. These sets include 'Fearless' (e.g., 'Moana'), '1989' (e.g., 'The Little Mermaid'), and 'Midnights' (e.g., 'Cinderella').
The film 'The Eras Tour' will take center stage during the takeover, while other sections will be created and curated to highlight some of Swift's albums.
Swift's takeover of the Disney+ homepage will be worldwide, with a few notable exceptions like Turkey, where the film will be available on April 3.
The international streaming rights to Swift's company's concert film 'The Eras Tour' reportedly cost Disney+ over $75 million. This August, the film was shot at the first three LA shows of the tour.
The newly extended version of 'The Eras Tour' on Disney+, clocking in at three and a half hours, includes five bonus songs: 'Cardigan,' from 'Folklore,' plus four acoustic songs: 'Death by a Thousand Cuts,' 'Maroon,' 'You Are in Love,' and 'I Can See You.'
These four songs, along with 'Our Song' and 'You're on Your Own Kid,' are included in the 26-minute additional Acoustic Collection.
'The Eras Tour' became the highest-grossing concert film when it debuted on October 13 and brought in $261.7 million at the global box office. On December 13, Swift's birthday, Universal Pictures made the movie available digitally.
It included three bonus tracks, 'Wildest Dreams,' 'The Archer,' and 'Long Live' which were not included in the theatrical version but in the Disney+ version.
Read Also :
UN Seeks Over $850 Million Donation To Support Rohingya Refugees, Bangladeshi Hosts | HNGN - Headlines & Global News
On Thursday, the superstar revealed she would add 15 dates to her massive stadium tour in North America next year, including a long-awaited six-night stint in Canada.
The 'Anti-Hero' singer posted on Instagram, saying, "Turns out it's NOT the end of an era Miami, New Orleans, Indianapolis, and Toronto: The Eras Tour is coming to you in 2024." Swift's upcoming gigs, which start in mid-October of next year and extend through November, will feature Eras tour veteran Gracie Abrams.
Furthermore, the Grammy winner will begin her sold-out tour stop in Los Angeles on Thursday. She will play six gigs at SoFi Stadium in Inglewood, her longest run of shows in a single city to date.
SoFi is expected to be packed with about half a million concertgoers, with more events scheduled for Friday, Saturday, Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday. Experts predict that the week-long event might generate up to $150 million in revenue for the region, which would be helpful given the current state of the local economy, which is being negatively impacted by strikes by Hollywood actors and writers as well as a hotel workers' strike that may deter tourists.
Related Article :
Taylor Swift Singapore Concert: 2 Men Charged for Attempted Trespassing Into Eras Tour