The song is on Abrams' new album 'The Secret Of Us', which is out now
Gracie Abrams has released ‘Us’ – her collaborative track with Taylor Swift.Check it out below.
The song is included on Abrams’ new album ‘The Secret Of Us’, which was released today (June 21). It marks her second studio record, following on from 2023’s debut ‘Good Riddance’.
In a four-star review of the album, NME noted that ‘Us’ “wouldn’t sound out of place on the superstar’s twin records ‘Folklore’ and ‘Evermore’ – two albums that Abrams’ regular collaborator [The National‘s Aaron] Dessner, who co-produced ‘The Secret of Us’, also famously worked on.”
Listen to the song below:
News of the collaboration emerged last month with the announcement of the album’s track list.
Abrams opened for Swift on the North American leg of the ‘Eras’ tour and is set to rejoin her later this year when the tour returns to the US in Miami on October 18 and running through December 8 in Vancouver.
She has spoken about how being a part of the record-breaking tour has impacted her work.
“Being in Taylor’s orbit for the summer completely altered every single thing for me,” she said. “It informed so much about how I went about writing this next album. She makes everyone feel seen and heard, and she also at different points in the shows makes it feel like an intimate venue despite the fact that there are 80,000 or 100,000 people sharing the space.
“That’s what I want so badly, because the joy is infectious,” she added. “It taught me so much, being able to watch the way that she shows up for everyone that she loves and has a beautiful life and is as generous and giving as she is and kills it every single time.”
Abrams had previously shared the singles ‘Risk’ and ‘Close To You’ from the new album, and appeared on a remix on Noah Kahan’s ‘Everywhere, Everything’ late in 2023.
NME’s review of ‘The Secret Of Us’ also claimed that Abrams has “never sounded better”, adding that it “doesn’t shy away from the complex or contradictory”, but shows the songwriter “embracing her growing pains and celebrating enduring the difficult moments.”
Swift’s ‘Eras’ tour, meanwhile, arrives in London’s Wembley Stadium tonight (June 21), for her first show in the capital in six years. She will play a run of three shows at the venue, and will return for a further five in August. Find all the stage times and further information about the shows here.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.