Leona Lewis One More Sleep is officially the UK’s most-played modern Christmas song. 
According to Official Charts, the song has gotten four weeks of continuous airplay on radio and television since its release in 2013. 
Lewis, 39, became a global sensation when she won The X Factor in 2006 and went on to release her studio album, Spirit, which became one of the best-selling albums of the 2000s, and the lead single, Bleeding Love, was the best-selling single of 2007.
One More Sleep was also a huge hit, debuting at No. 3 back in 2013. 
2013 was a big year for Leona, who became the top British female solo artist with the most Top 5 hits of the year. 
‘It’s really special knowing that One More Sleep brings a little joy to people’s Christmases,’ the singer told the organisation of the hit song. 
‘The song and the whole album mean so much to me. It’s really beautiful that people connect to it and as an artist that’s all I could hope for.’ 
Now, the song climbs the charts around Christmas every year, giving Lewis a major financial boon as it enters the top 40 every year since 2018.
This year alone the song was streamed 115,463,031 times on Spotify alone. 
According to CasinoBee, that streaming number means Lewis has earned £323,296.49 from the song. 
However, Lewis did miss out on the top Christmas spot this year, with WHAM!’s Last Christmas claiming the spot as UK’s Christmas Number One for a second year running. 
Two consecutive years at number one means the song made Offical Chart History.
The beloved Christmas song was first released in 1984 and celebrates it’s 40th anniversary this year. 
Last Christmas didn’t only beat out Lewis this year, but Gracie Abrams and Mariah Carey. 
It became a particularly poignant track after George Michael died on Christmas Day in 2016 at the age of 53.
Last Christmas missed out on the top spot in 1984 thanks to Band Aid’s Do They Know It’s Christmas? but finally got its due in 2023 after 39 years. 
It was the most-played Christmas song of the 21st century in the UK, until 2011 when it was overtaken by The Pogues’ Fairytale of New York.
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web
							browser that
							supports HTML5
								video
Up Next
Speaking after this win, Michael’s bandmate Andrew Ridgeley thanked fans for their support and wished them a Merry Christmas.
’37 years to get to Number 1, 39 years to Christmas Number 1, and then like London buses they all come along at once,’ he said in a statement.
‘I’m especially pleased for George, he would have been utterly delighted, his fabulous Christmas composition has become such a classic, almost as much a part of Christmas as mince pies, turkey, and pigs in blankets.
‘It’s testament to a really wonderful Christmas song that in a lot of people’s minds evokes and represents Christmas as we would all wish it to be.
‘I’d like to thank everyone who has listened to, downloaded, bought, streamed Last Christmas and been a part of history. Thanks so much and Merry Christmas!’
Got a story?
If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.