Jane LaCroix is a Newsweek writer based in Miami, FL. Her focus is reporting on U.S. celebrity news and viral trends. She has in depth knowledge of celebrity and internet culture and has covered entertainment news extensively. Jane joined Newsweek in 2024 from Ranker and had previously worked at People and HollywoodLife. She is a graduate of Fitcburg State University in Fitchburg, MA. You can get in touch with Jane by emailing j.lacroix@newsweek.com. Languages: English.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
Taylor Swift's mom, Andrea Swift, had a front-row seat to witness her daughter's monumental performance at London's Wembley Stadium on Sunday, June 22.
During the show, Taylor, 34, sang her hit song "thanK you aIMee," which she performed for the first time since its release as part of a mashup with "Mean." The song is widely believed to reference her longstanding feud with Kim Kardashian, particularly with the line, "Everyone knows my mother is a saintly woman, but she used to say she wished that you were dead."
As Taylor sang the emotionally charged lyrics, all eyes seemingly turned to Andrea. Captured on video in the VIP tent – which also hosted Taylor's boyfriend Travis Kelce, his brother Jason Kelce, and friends Sophie Turner and Gracie Abrams, as well as other prominent guests throughout the weekend – the 66-year-old was seen waving her arms enthusiastically as the crowd erupted in cheers.
Fans were quick to comment on the heartwarming video, which was shared to X (formerly known as Twitter). "The way everyone cheered for her 😭 why is that the cutest thing," said one fan, while another agreed, "Awww Andrea! Love this for her." Another Swiftie shared her love for Taylor's mom," Oh Andrea mother icon legend and the moment period."
Swift's feud with Kardashian and her ex-husband, Kanye West, began in 2009 when West interrupted Taylor's VMA acceptance speech, and further escalated in 2016 after the rapper released the song "Famous," which included controversial lyrics about the 14-time Grammy winner. The conflict later intensified when the SKIMS founder shared a recorded phone call between Taylor and West, leading to public disputes over the conversation's content and context.
Andrea during thanK you aIMee!!! #LondonTSTheErastour pic.twitter.com/ayS4pBP199
Taylor's three-day stint in London featured many highlights, perhaps the most on her Eras Tour thus far. The pop star went Instagram official with Kelce in the most iconic way possible. The couple posed for a photo with Prince William and his children, Princess Charlotte and Prince George, after the June 21 show.
Kelce, also 34, made a surprise appearance on stage during the Sunday, June 23 concert. During The Tortured Poets Department set, Travis, along with two of Taylor's dancers, helped her prepare for her performance of "I Can Do It With A Broken Heart." The jaw-dropping moment has since gone viral on social media, sending fans into a frenzy.
Jane LaCroix is a Newsweek writer based in Miami, FL. Her focus is reporting on U.S. celebrity news and viral trends. She has in depth knowledge of celebrity and internet culture and has covered entertainment news extensively. Jane joined Newsweek in 2024 from Ranker and had previously worked at People and HollywoodLife. She is a graduate of Fitcburg State University in Fitchburg, MA. You can get in touch with Jane by emailing j.lacroix@newsweek.com. Languages: English.
Jane LaCroix is a Newsweek writer based in Miami, FL. Her focus is reporting on U.S. celebrity news and viral trends. She has in depth knowledge of celebrity and internet culture and has covered entertainment news extensively. Jane joined Newsweek in 2024 from Ranker and had previously worked at People and HollywoodLife. She is a graduate of Fitcburg State University in Fitchburg, MA. You can get in touch with Jane by emailing j.lacroix@newsweek.com. Languages: English.
Jane LaCroix is a Newsweek writer based in Miami, FL. Her focus is reporting on U.S. celebrity news and viral trends. She                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC