By 

	Jem Aswad

Executive Editor, Music

	Benson Boone, Halsey, Lenny Kravitz and Blackpink’s Lisa are joining the roster of artists slated to perform at MTV’s 2024 VMAs live on Wednesday, September 11th at 8 p.m. ET/PT from New York’s UBS Arena. 

	The quartet joins previously announced performers Sabrina Carpenter, Chappell Roan, GloRilla, Camila Cabello and Rauw Alejandro.

	Newcomer Boone currently has the year’s biggest single with “Beautiful Things,” from his debut album “Fireworks and Rollerblades.” Halsey will return to the VMAs stage to perform a new song from her upcoming album. Lisa will make her solo debut on MTV’s main stage on the heels of her smash single single “Rockstar” and latest track, “New Woman,” featuring Rosalia. Finally, veteran rocker Kravitz will return to the VMA stage for the first time in more than 25 years.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					Nintendo Switch 2 Won’t Be Superior Successor — But It Still Matters		
			














	
		
					'The Two Popes' Viewing Surged 30-Fold After Pope Francis' Death, Netflix Says		
			








	The  VMAs had been scheduled for Sept. 10; now that that has been confirmed as the date for the first debate of election cycle between Harris and Donald Trump, MTV has moved its signature awards show back by one night, to Sept. 11.




			Popular on Variety		






	Taylor Swift leads VMA nominees with 10, followed by Post Malone with nine (most of those for his duet with Swift, “Fortnight”). Carpenter is tied with Ariana Grande and Eminem with six nominations each. Following behind with multiple nods are Megan Thee Stallion and SZA (five each), and Lisa, Olivia Rodrigo and Teddy Swims (four each).

	Roan is a nominee for best new artist at the VMAs. Her competitors in that category are Shaboozey, Boone, Roan, Swims, Tyla and Gracie Abrams. (Carpenter is not nominated for new artist, likely because she already has a substantial history of recordings going into 2024, as evidenced by her appearance on the VMAs pre-telecast last year… though it’s believed the Grammys are going to rule Carpenter eligible for their own new artist category.)
The Business of Entertainment