Time to cross the pond, Livies.
Olivia Rodrigo announced she’s headlining London’s British Summer Time concert series at Hyde Park with special guests Last Dinner Party and girl in red on Friday, June 27.
Additional opening acts will be announced at a later date.
The 21-year-old pop icon joins fellow big names Zach Bryan (June 28-29), Noah Kahan with Gracie Abrams (July 4), Hugh Jackman (July 6) and Electric Light Orchestra (July 13) on BST’s impressive 2025 slate.
In addition to Rodrigo’s Hyde Park show — her biggest in Great Britain to date — she’s also scheduled to take the stage at Manchester, GB’s Co-Op Live on Monday, June 30 to make up a postponed concert that was originally set for May 3 of this year.
If you’d like to be at either of these overseas gigs, tickets are currently available online.
At the time of publication, prices start at $169 USD before fees on Vivid Seats for the Hyde Park show.
For more information, our team has everything you need to know and more about Olivia Rodrigo’s two summer 2025 Great Britain concerts below.
All prices listed above are subject to fluctuation.
A complete calendar including all Olivia Rodrigo Great Britain show dates, venues and links to the cheapest tickets available can be found here:
(Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are in US dollars, subject to fluctuation and, if it isn’t noted, will include additional fees at checkout.)
Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. 
They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event.
Still curious about Vivid Seats? You can find an article from their team about why the company is legit here.
After a glance at her set list, it’s clear that Rodrigo goes full-showwoman for her adoring fans, putting on a three-act spectacle at all of her ‘GUTS Tour’ gigs.
For a closer look at what to expect when you see her live, here’s what she performed back on March 5 in Orlando, courtesy of Set List FM.
Act I
01.) “bad idea right?”02.) “ballad of a homeschooled girl”03.) “vampire”04.) “traitor”05.) “drivers license”06.) “teenage dream”Act II
07.) “pretty isn’t pretty”08.) “love is embarrassing”09.) “making the bed”10.) “logical”11.) “enough for you”12.) “lacy”13.) “jealousy, jealousy”
14.) “happier”15.) “favorite crime”16.) “deja vu”17.) “the grudge”Act III
18.) “brutal”19.) “obsessed”20.) “all-american b—-“
Encore
21.) “good 4 u”22.) “get him back!”
On Sept. 8, 2023, Rodrigo dropped her second record “Guts” to almost universal acclaim.
Even the notoriously harsh Pitchfork called her “uproarious” sophomore effort “a collection of bratty rocker-chick anthems and soul-searching ballads that could slot into the soundtrack of any classic high school flick.”
If you want to hear the anthemic album, you can stream “Guts” here.
OK, so you’re familiar with every single lyric and note on “Guts” but have you checked out Olivia’s special guests yet?
If not, our team went ahead and found each artist’s most streamed track on Spotify to get you up to speed.
Enjoy:
Last Dinner Party: “Nothing Matters”
Girl in Red: “we fell in love in october”
Many of music’s greatest modern divas just may be coming to a venue near you in the next year.
Here are just five of our favorites you won’t want to miss live.
• Sabrina Carpenter
• Tate McRae
• Billie Eilish
• Megan Moroney
• Shakira
Who else is on the road? Check out our list of all the 2025 Grammy nominees on tour to find the show for you.
This article was written by Matt Levy, New York Post live events reporter. Levy stays up-to-date on all the latest tour announcements from your favorite musical artists and comedians, as well as Broadway openings, sporting events and more live shows – and finds great ticket prices online. Since he started his tenure at the Post in 2022, Levy has reviewed a Bruce Springsteen concert and interviewed Melissa Villaseñor of SNL fame, to name a few. Please note that deals can expire, and all prices are subject to change