Taylor Swift joined Travis Kelce's mom Donna Kelce at the Kansas City Chiefs' NFL game on Nov. 29, one day after the Thanksgiving holiday.
'Tis the damn season for some holiday football.
Taylor Swift joined Travis Kelce's mom Donna Kelce at the Kansas City Chiefs' game against the Las Vegas Raiders Nov. 29, one day after Thanksgiving.
For the outing at Arrowhead Stadium, the Grammy winner arrived with Donna and her dad Scott Swift and they each showed off their winning game day style, which, for Taylor, meant rocking a red cropped sweatshirt, paired with black skinny jeans and black booties. Plus, she showed some extra love to her guy on the Chiefs as she donned her "87" necklace in honor of Travis' number.
Donna also got the black and red memo as she donned a black sweater—featuring pearl detailing on the sleeves—and black faux leather pants. She snuck in some red with a festive scarf. Scott showed off his pride in a Chiefs windbreaker.
This sighting of the Swift-Kelce squad comes just days after Travis' dad Ed Kelce supported Taylor at her Eras Tour concert in Toronto Nov. 23. According to footage posted to social media, Ed enjoyed the show in the VIP section at Rogers Centre, where he exchanged friendship bracelets with fans.
And for Taylor, those concerts—her penultimate stop on the tour—were perfectly enchanting.
"Our 6 shows in Toronto were so incredible," she wrote on Instagram Nov. 26.  "It was awesome to play in Canada after so much time. As always, the fans in Toronto treated us like it was a hometown show. Couldn’t have asked for more love or generosity from the people who came out.
The "End Game" singer also praised her tour opener, Gracie Abrams.
"I got to play a mashup of the *Grammy nominated* song ‘us’ with @gracieabrams," Taylor continued, "mashed up with ‘Out of the Woods’ and I just adore her. She’s been giving the most amazing performances every night on this tour!!"
But before she bids farewell to the tour, she's Keep reading to see all of the celebs who've attended Taylor's Eras Tour...
Keep reading to see all of the celebs who've attended Taylor's Eras Tour...
The comedian and wife Elle Key turned the Eras Tour into a date night in Toronto, Canada. He tweeted in November 2024, "And the night is just getting started! So excited to be at my first @taylorswift13 concert."
Billy Joel
"Our family attended the Taylor Swift concert at Hard Rock Stadium in Miami where Billy Joel/Elton John’s ‘Face to Face’ concert previously held the seating record," he wrote on Instagram. "Taylor’s second concert at Hard Rock Miami set a new record and ushered in a new era at Hard Rock Stadium. We were so happy to be a part of this record-breaking concert!  Plus, we got to celebrate with her mama. Celebrating someone’s success does not negate your own.  She is showing our girls all that is possible. Onward and upward."
Ashley Tisdale
"My little swiftie," the High School Musical alum wrote on October 2024. "Safe to say Jupiter loved her first concert."
Travis Kelce, Prince William, Princess Charlotte & Prince George
Taylor made her relationship with Travis Instagram official June 21, 2024, with the help of the royal family as they all joined her backstage at her concert in Wembley Stadium in London.
Prince William, Princess Charlotte & Prince George
Taylor also took another selfie with the royal family at her Wembley show.
Nicola Coughlan, Cara Delevingne & Jonathan Van Ness
The trio united in the VIP tent in London on June 21, 2024. 
Leslie Mann & Jonathan Van Ness
The Knocked Up actress also hung out with the Queer Eye alum at the Wembley concert.
Travis Kelce & Jonathan Van Ness
The NFL star was a true London Boy at Wembley Stadium with the Queer Eye star.
Jonathan Van Ness & Nicola Coughlan
Dearest reader, how adorable is this friendship?
Gayle King & Channing Tatum
The two bumped into each other at one of the singer's shows at SoFi Stadium in Inglewood, Calif. in August 2023.
Channing Tatum
The Step Up star showcased his dance moves.
Christina Milian
The "Dip It Low" singer and her teen daughter Violet were in a lavender haze at Taylor's Paris show in May 2024.
Jessica Capshaw
The Grey's Anatomy actress attended the Eras Tour in France in May 2024, captioning this pic with the Midnights lyric, "Cause we were in Paris."
Travis Kelce & Rita Ora
"It’s fair to say Sydney always delivers," Rita Ora captioned Instagram photos from Taylor's Feb. 23 show, including a snap with Travis Kelce. "Or shall we say our TayTay @taylorswift always delivers!”
Taika Waititi, Taylor Swift & Rita Ora
Taylor's dad Scott Swift delivered an epic photobomb.
Katy Perry
"Got to see an old friend shine tonight," Katy Perry captioned footage on Instagram from the Feb. 23 concert.
Tom DeLonge & Rebel Wilson
The Blink-182 rocker—whose band was playing near Taylor's Sydney venue on the same day—and the Pitch Perfect alum hung out in the VIP tent.
The Oscar winner captioned the moment with friends in Mexico City, "Spamming u w really good @taylorswift Eras Tour content."
The Pretty Little Liars star attended with friends Morgan Pesante, Katie Greenthal and Claire Leahy. "Omg??? @taylorswift putting on a show that was so good I can't even process," she wrote. "Nostalgic, empowering, and sparkly."
The "Bad at Love" singer got in the spirit by making friendship bracelets to trade with fans during the last Los Angeles show.
Mariska Hargitay & Savannah Guthrie
"Still in the afterglow of the most magical night," the Law & Order: Special Victims Unit star wrote on Instagram Aug. 9 after a bejeweled night out in L.A. "Deepest gratitude to @taylorswift for your poetry and wisdom. You inspire us and connect us to our #delicate tenderness, joy, hope and strength—and most of all, our wish to live and love courageously."
Sharing pics from an L.A. show, Chris Olsen quoted the T.Swift lyrics in his caption, "I DON'T KNOW HOW IT GETS BETTER THAN THIS."
"Eras tour (Dylan's version)," the influencer captioned fits of her rocking a Stella McCartney outfit. "@taylorswift you are a goddess best night ever."
Spencer Pratt & Heidi Montag
The Hills stars filled a blank space in their calendar with a date night in Los Angeles at the Eras Tour. Heidi Montag captioned their pics, "This was the concert of a lifetime! Legendary! Thank you for the tickets @taylorswift."
Jessica Alba & Cash Warren
"@taylorswift with the fam," Jessica Alba wrote, "what a show!" She and husband Cash Warren celebrated their love story by taking their kids Honor, Haven and Hayes.
The Mad Max star danced to "Shake It off" with her kids August and Jackson. "Thank you for the best birthday ever @taylorswift!!!" she wrote. "We had such a great f--king time."
Paula Abdul & Vince Vaughn
"What a SHOW," Paula Abdul wrote while posting for a photo with Vince Vaughn and Taylor's parents Scott and Andrea Swift in Los Angeles.
James Kennedy, Paula Abdul, Scheana Shay & Ally Lewber
The Vanderpump Rules stars made their wildest dreams come true on the floor with Paula.
The "No One singer" attended the Aug. 5 show at SoFi Stadium in Los Angeles with her 8-year-old son Genesis.
The actress attended one of Swift's shows at SoFi Stadium in Los Angeles with Anastasia Beverly Hills cosmetics founder Anastasia Soare and her daughter, Claudia.
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.