By LYDIA HAWKEN FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  11:58, 2 July 2024   |  Updated:  12:01, 2 July 2024   
 33
View  comments
Pete Davidson is arguably as famous for his womanising ways as he is for his comedy - but it seems like Paul Mescal is intent on giving the SNL star a run for his money.
Over the weekend, the Normal People actor, 28, was spotted on a dinner date with singer Gracie Abrams at BRAT restaurant in London. 
Images of the pair, which were published by TMZ, sent fans into meltdown - with one drawing similarities between Paul and Pete.
Posting on X, one fan mused: 'No because why is Paul Mescal the Pete Davidson for indie girls?' 
In response, another added: 'Omg, why are you so right??'
Pictured: Paul Mescal at the launch of his sister Nell's debut EP Can I Miss it for a Minute in April 2024
Kate Beckinsale and Pete Davidson seen watching an NHL ice hockey match at Madison Square Garden in March 2019
Meanwhile, a third said: 'This take is so true.'
Over the years, Pete has dated high-profile celebrities - including Kim Kardashian, Ariana Grande, Kate Beckinsale, Margaret Qualley and Phoebe Dynevor. 
What's more, Paul Mescal has previously been linked to Normal People co-star India Mullen, Phoebe Bridgers, Natalie Portman, Angelia Jolie and now Gracie Abrams.
Here FEMAIL takes a look back at Paul Mescal's checkered dating history that threatens to knock Pete Davidson from his post as Hollywood's top womaniser.
After the stratospheric success of Normal People turned him into a household name, Paul Mescal appeared to strike up a close friendship with his co-star India Mullen, sparking rumours of a romance.
In July 2020, the pair were spotted on a walk around East London and were reportedly living together at the time.
The following month, the TV star set tongues wagging when he uploaded a cosy photo of himself with India.
Pictured: Paul Mescal and his Normal People co-star India Mullen seen walking around East London in July 2020
The actors sent fans into a frenzy when Paul posted this photo where India was seen leaning on his shoulder
Paul - who has since deactivated his Instagram account - was seen sitting on a living room floor while India leaned on his shoulder.
Although the pair denied being romantically involved, sources told the MailOnline at the time that they had a 'flirty' relationship. 
Appearing on the Ray D'Arcy Show in Ireland, India joked that people were 'very, very envious' of her living situation at the time.
The actress - who played Peggy in the series - also labelled herself as a 'technophobe' and joked that she is 'always the last to know' about rumours.
However, India and Paul still appear to have a close relationship as they were photographed sharing a sweet hug in following a night out in London in February 2023. 
Pictured: Paul Mescal and Phoebe Bridgers. The pair first exchanged flirty messages on X, formerly known as Twitter, in early 2020
In May 2020, Paul Mescal and Phoebe Bridgers struck up an online flirtation when the American singer complimented the actor's performance in Normal People.
Posting on X, formerly known as Twitter, Phoebe wrote: 'Finished Normal People and now I'm sad and horny oh wait.'
In response, Paul wrote: 'I'm officially dead.'
Phoebe then wrote: 'Nooo don't die your [sic] so talented aha.' 
The flirty X exchange came just five months after Paul revealed Phoebe was the artist he had listened to most on Spotify in 2019.
Two weeks after their X conversation, Paul and Phoebe 'met' for the first time when they appeared on an Instagram Live for Wonderland magazine. 
Pictured: Paul Mescal's first meeting with Phoebe Bridgers took place over an Instagram Live with Wonderland magazine
Paul confessed: 'I think it's well documented that I like your music.' 
Pheobe then replied: 'Well, that makes me blush.' 
After Phoebe admitted that she had cried over Paul's therapy scene in Normal People, the actor revealed: 'I would listen to [Phoebe's song] Funeral before any of the episode 10 stuff, which is a testament to how sad your music is.' 
In July 2020, Phoebe was reported to have visited a cafe in Kinsale, Ireland, with Paul - and the actor later referred to the singer as a 'lifesaver' in an interview with GQ.
In December 2020, Paul appeared in the music video for Phoebe's song Saviour Complex and the actor was also spotted in the crowd at several of her US tour dates the following year.
The pair made their first appearance together as a couple in November 2021 at the 10th Annual LACMA ART+FILM GALA.
The couple made their relationship official when they walked the red carpet at the LACMA ART+FILM GALA red carpet together in November 2021
Following this, Paul would make regular appearances on Phoebe's Instagram Stories and the couple attended the MET Gala together in May 2022. 
Speaking to People in September 2022, Paul discussed how pleased he was to have Phoebe attend Telluride Film Festival with him.
He said: 'We do have the same taste, but it's also really fun to take your partner to something which is not their world.
'It's cool to sit in at the 'Women Talking' world premiere with your partner and get to experience that together and talk about it after.' 
That November, The Guardian reported that Paul and Phoebe were 'now engaged' - but later retracted the statement, saying that it had not been confirmed by the couple.
Paul Mescal and Phoebe Bridgers seen walking the red carpet at the MET Gala together in May 2022
A month later, the 1975's Matty Healy posted a photo of himself kissing Phoebe Bridgers as comedian Bo Burnham placed his hands on their shoulders.
In December, Phoebe and Bo reportedly attended Kate Berlant's one-woman show in New York - with a staff member telling Jezebel that the comedian was 'trying to impress' the singer. 
The following month, Paul alluded to his break-up while appearing on the Off-Menu podcast - admitting that he had taken up smoking again, which he only does when something 'bad happens'. 
He told James Acaster and Ed Gamble: 'I've been able to give up smoking for periods of time. But I'm always looking for the excuse to start again. 
'I'm always like, God, I hope something f**king bad happens so I can start smoking. So, I'm smoking again — read into that what you will.' 
In March, the actor urged people to 'shut the f**k up' about his relationship with Phoebe. 
Pictured: Paul Mescal and Phoebe Bridgers seen attending a yoga class together before their split
The 1975's Matty Healy posted a photo of himself kissing Phoebe Bridgers as comedian Bo Burnham placed his hands on their shoulders in December 2022
Speaking to Vanity Fair, the actor explained: 'Sometimes I can drown it out and then other times it makes me really mad and upset.
'People are going to write and say things because there’s a certain interest with any person who’s in the public eye in how that person lives their life, and who they’re living up with, and what they’re doing and how they’re going about doing it. 
He said: 'I definitely feel the temptation to say the status of my whatever—that will always be there. But I don’t think that’s a wise thing to do.
'When Normal People came out, I was very forthright in interviews, and it didn’t actually serve me. But the temptation still exists to be like, “Shut the f**k up. This is my life. This is what’s going on. Or this is what’s going on.”'
Angelina Jolie and Normal People star Paul Mescal enjoyed a coffee date after she watched him perform in A Streetcar Named Desire
In January 2023, Paul Mescal - who was believed to be newly single - enjoyed a coffee date with Angelina Jolie.
The unlikely friends were pictured in the Almeida theatre's coffee shop where they were engaged in conversation while surrounded by empty tables. 
At the time, Paul as starring as Stanley Kowalski in a critically acclaimed adaptation of Streetcar Named Desire in London.
The pair were joined by Angelina's daughter Shiloh - who was just 16 at the time.
A source told Closer: 'Ange was a huge fan of Normal People and became obsessed with Paul, following his career closely and even writing to congratulate him on his role and telling him how much she admired his performance.
'They stayed in contact and when she got in touch to say she was coming to watch him in his new play with her 16-year-old daughter, he was the one who initiated the coffee afterwards, which she was incredibly excited by.
'With Shiloh being a keen actress, she thought it would be a great opportunity to talk to another young actor and get some advice. Ange was very impressed with how charming Paul was.'
Natalie Portman and Paul Mescal couldn't control their giggles as they enjoyed an evening out drinking at at Bar 69 in Islington, London 
In May, Paul Mescal and Natalie Portman sent fans into a frenzy when they were pictured giggling while having a smoke outside a bar in Islington.
The Star Wars actress - who had only recently finalised her divorce from Benjamin Millepied - first met Paul when they interviewed each other for Variety magazine.
During the chat, Paul described Natalie as 'brilliant' and admitted: 'If my drama school self knew that I would be talking to you, I would pinch myself many, many times!'
Natalie was dressed down for the outing, looking effortlessly stylish in a plain white T-shirt, bleached jeans and trainers.
Paul also opted for a low-key look in a white top with high-waisted black trousers and Adidas Sambas.  However, sources told TMZ that Natalie and Paul are 'just good friends'. 
Pictured: Gracie Abrams seen performing at Rockefeller Plaza on Friday - before her date with Paul Mescal over the weekend
Paul Mescal and Gracie Abrams sparked romance rumours over the weekend after they were seen enjoying a dinner date in London.
The Normal People star, 28, and the singer, 24, were looking very cosy in pictures obtained by TMZ as they enjoyed a meal at BRAT Restaurant. 
Paul and Gracie - who shares a close friendship with pop superstar Taylor Swift - were locked in conversation in the busy restaurant as they shared a number of small plates.
The actor seemed in good spirits as he reached across the table to touch Gracie's cheek. 
He cut a casual figure in a white T-shirt while the 'us.' singer stunned in a pretty pink blouse. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group