Barry Keoghan attends the EE BAFTA Film Awards 2024 at The Royal Festival Hall on February 18, 2024 in London, England.  Sabrina Carpenter attends 2024 MusiCares Person Of The Year Honoring Jon Bon Jovi at Los Angeles Convention Center on February 02, 2024 in Los Angeles, California.
Taylor Swift isn't the only pop star on her Eras Tour that has her boyfriend following her around the world. Swift's opener, Sabrina Carpenter, has followed Swift from Australia to Singapore, and her rumored boyfriend, Barry Keoghan, has made an appearance. The Saltburn star was seen cheering for the "Nonsense" singer over the weekend inside the Singapore National Stadium in Kallang.
In footage circulating social media, Keoghan, 31, appears captivated while watching Carpenter, 24, perform "Nonsense." As we've seen on each night on the tour, Carpenter is known to adlib a typically NSFW outro for the hit song.
Over the weekend, Carpenter playfully referenced the country's famed Jewel Changi indoor waterfall. Keoghan held a lanyard up to his face as he bared a sly smile as she sang, "He said that he wishes he was on me, got me wetter than the Jewel Changi. Singapore, I hope you like my songy." As Carpenter concluded her song, he threw his hands up in the air in applause as he flashed a huge grin.
Later in the show, the Irish actor was seen making his way through the stadium to the VIP tent along with Carpenter and special guest BLACKPINK's Lisa to watch Swift's performance. While neither Keoghan nor Carpenter has shared any highlights from the night on their official social media accounts, he was spotted hugging Carpenter the following day.
Carpenter and Keoghan first sparked dating rumors at the end of last year when they were seen together in a parking lot. Since then, they have been spotted getting dinner together at LA hot spot Nobu. More recently, Keoghan left a supportive comment on Carpenter's Instagram post about her surprise duet of "White Horse" and "Coney Island" with Swift in Australia.
As we previously reported, Carpenter's racy outro lines for "Nonsense" have some conservative Swifties in an uproar. The original outro of the 2022 track goes: "This song catchier than chickenpox is, I bet your house is where my other sock is, woke up this morning and thought I’d write a pop hit. How quickly can you take your clothes off? Pop quiz."
However, she has changed the song's lyrics to cheeky lines that teeter the lines of sexual innuendos or straight up embrace it. While in Australia, she sang, "I don’t say ‘hello’ I say ‘g’day mate.’ I don’t make a bevvy, I’m a lightweight. Melbourne, I just came, I saw, and I ate." She also included the line: "Broke up 'cause the size was underwhelming. Tried to give him pointers, wasn’t helping, maybe I just need a boy from Melbourne." Heating things up in the land down under, Carpenter also sang, "When you go down under, do you miss me? He’s so big I felt it in my kidney, screamed so loud they heard it here in Sydney!"
Carpenter's raunchy lyric changes to "Nonsense" isn't new. Since being on the Eras Tour in November, she changed the lyrics while in Brazil to: "Boy come over this is not a drill. He said get on top, I said, 'I will.' Then he made me come… to Brazil." Swift seems completely unbothered or unaware of the criticisms on social media, calling Carpenter the “coolest possible opening act” on the Eras Tour.
Following her Singapore dates, which ends on March 9th, Swift will be on a hiatus from the Eras Tour for two months, returning in May in Paris. Paramore replaces Carpenter as Swift's musical guest until the end of August when Gracie Abrams will take over the remaining international dates.
After years and millions of dollars, the high-tech entertainment venue that is the Las Vegas Sphere has become "a world-first immersive destination." The venue first opened in Las Vegas in September 2023, snagging U2 with an ongoing concert residency starting on September 29 and running through March 2. The band's longtime collaborator and technical director Stefaan “Smasher” Desmedt and technology partner Weka worked together to make the band’s stunning visual imagery in 4K video.
The Sphere’s LED screen inside the theater is 160,000 square feet, boasting 16,000 pixels by 16,000 pixels — the highest resolution in the world. Also featuring 1,600 speaker panels using spatial audio through the screen without any visible speakers in the auditorium, the venue makes those in attendance fully immersed in sound and visuals. The arena can hold up to 18,600 guests in the auditorium. It is no wonder why the company wants to expand, as it is clearly leading the entertainment industry in the right direction.

A post shared by

Besides U2, rumors of Beyoncé planning a Las Vegas residency at the Sphere swirled after her Super Bowl country album announcement in which she sat atop the glowing globe. Partnering with Verizon in the $50 million advertisement, the "Texas Hold 'Em" singer tries to break the internet over and over again. Taking on different personas and skills, she opens a lemonade stand, drops a "saxy" album, becomes a Twitch gamer by the handle @IamSlayoncé, a Beyonc-AI double, Bar-Bey, running for "BOTUS," on top of the Sphere atop a silver horse, and the first woman to launch the first rocket to the first performance in space. The commercial concluded by cryptically teasing the release of "new music," Beyoncé's country album, Act II, on March 29th.
According to the Sphere's website, the immersive venue will host a wide variety of events, including concerts and residencies from the world’s biggest artists, as well as films. Take a look below at five amazing pop artists who would have amazing performances at the Sphere:
With nine albums under her belt, Pink is a seasoned pop artist that would have an amazing residency at the Sphere. Her sound is unique, with her rock-influenced pop songs and powerful voice. She is also known for her aerial acrobatic stage presence in imaginative and creative ways. The artist would be a sight to see when accompanied with stunning visuals that would blow her fans away.
Obviously, anywhere Taylor Swift would play would be sold out in seconds. The record-breaking pop icon performing a residency at the Sphere would be an iconic feat that Swifties would hold dear forever. Though Taylor isn't exactly known for crazy visuals like Pink, we know she has an artistic vision when it comes to her visuals. If Swift were to play the Sphere, it would be interesting to see what kind of cinematic visuals she would have playing around her to accompany her acclaimed music catalog.
Lady Gaga is well-known for her elaborate stage and costumes. If she were to have a residency at the Sphere, we are sure she would go all-out for her Little Monsters. Her versatility and energy is unmatched in the pop industry. Gaga's commitment to her art is impressive. Along with that, her music videos are always well-thought out and creative, and she would surely bring that creative vision to the Sphere.
The rising pop star may not have several albums under her belt like these other seasoned musicians, but she has quickly proven she has the chops to remain a staple in the pop industry. We have already seen her live performances wow audiences with her use of the stage, incorporating moving and climbable objects, suspends herself in the air, and perfect choreography -- all while belting out her hits perfectly. Performing at the Sphere would only cement her status as a pop icon with the visuals we are sure would blow the audience away.
Katy Perry's live performances are as iconic as Pink and Lady Gaga's when we think of elaborate stage sets and costumes. With a more whimsical flair, Perry would turn the Sphere into a magical world when performing songs from her six albums. She has larger-than-life concerts and gives her fans exactly what they want: fun. She has had a Vegas residency before, so if she were to play at the Sphere, we know the pop icon would provide mind-blowing visuals to accompany her set.
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!