Is Jacob Elordi's 'On Swift Horses' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Amazon Prime Video?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'Heavenly Ever After' On Netflix, A Charming K-Drama Where An 80-Year-Old Woman Reconnects With Her Suddenly Much Younger Looking Husband In The Afterlife				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'Journey to You' on Hallmark, Where A Workaholic Nurse And A Divorced Single Dad Find Themselves—And Love—On The Camino de Santiago				

					Is 'The Wedding Banquet' 2025 Movie Streaming on Netflix or Amazon Prime?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Exterritorial’ on Netflix, a German Thriller Leaning Hard On Its Crunchy Hand-to-Hand Combat Sequences				

					The Top 10 Movies on Netflix That Are Most Popular Right Now				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Jewel Thief: The Heist Begins’ on Netflix, a Hacky Indian Action Flick That Only Steals Your Precious Time				

					Marvel's 'Thunderbolts*' Review: A Small Superhero Story Offering Huge Hope for the Future of the MCU				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘The Biggest Fan’ on Netflix, a Mexican Comedy About Celeb Worship Starring Kate del Castillo				

					Will There Be a 'Four Seasons' Season 2? Everything We Know About The Netflix Comedy				

					'The Four Seasons' Welcomes Back Alan Alda In A Special Guest Role				

					R.I.P. Ruth Buzzi: 'Laugh-In' And 'Sesame Street' Alum Dead At 88				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Asterix and Obelix: The Big Fight’ on Netflix, a Fresh and Fun Animated Series in a Long-Running French Franchise				

					Is the 'Sneaks' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Disney+?				

					Is the 2025 'King Of Kings' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Disney+?				

					Chaotic 'Minecraft Movie' Screenings Have Led To Police Removals Of Rowdy Audience Members				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Promised Hearts’ on Netflix, A Friends-to-Lovers Indonesian Romance About Childhood Friends				

					'The Smashing Machine' Trailer Drops: Could This Score Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson His First Oscar?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘The Narrow Road To The Deep North’ On Prime Video Where Jacob Elordi Plays A Haunted Prisoner Of War				

					Aimee Carrero On Why Signing Onto 'Your Friends And Neighbors' Was A No-Brainer For Her: "I Love Nothing More Than Subverting A Stereotype"				

					Kerry Washington Censored On 'The View' While Gloating About Telling Method Man To "F Off" In 'Shadow Force'				

					What Time Is Trump on TV Tonight? How To Watch 'President Trump The First 100 Days'				

					Kelly Clarkson Tells Finn Wolfhard All About Her "Horrible" First Kiss: "It Was Like He Was Searching For Something"				

					Idina Menzel Confesses To Andy Cohen On ‘The Kelly Clarkson Show’ About The Time She “Peed” Onstage: “It Was In ‘Wicked’”				

					'Andor' Season 2 Episode 6 Recap: Sex, Death, and Star Wars				

					Diego Luna Achieves Peak Hottness As Undercover Space Spy Hot Varian Skye  in ‘Andor’ 				

					'Andor' Season 2 Episode 5 Recap: Gimme Fuel, Gimme Fire				

					'Andor' Marries Star Wars With Shakespeare With Forest Whitaker’s Incendiary Ode to Rhydonium: "Revolution is Not For the Sane!"				

					'MobLand' Episode 5 Recap: Funeral Party				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Havoc’ on Netflix, Where Tom Hardy And Timothy Olyphant Are Among Those Shooting At Each Other 				

					'MobLand' Episode 4 Recap: Suspicious Minds				

					'MobLand' Episode 3 Recap: Human Sacrifice				

					'The Last Of Us': Why Did Ellie Leave Coffee Beans On Joel's Grave? The Significance, Explained 				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'The Eternaut' On Netflix, Where Survivors Band Together When A Toxic Snow Falls On Buenos Aires				

					'The Last of Us' Star Gabriel Luna Explains Why Tommy Isn't There For Joel's Death on the HBO Show: "I Always Thought That Was a Bit Weird"				

					'The Last of Us' Season 2 Episode 3 Recap: Stuck in the Joel Hole				

					Kerry Washington Censored On 'The View' While Gloating About Telling Method Man To "F Off" In 'Shadow Force'				

					Alyssa Farah Griffin Opens Up About "Stressful" Fertility Journey On 'The View'				

					'The View's Whoopi Goldberg Compares Jeremy Renner's Near Death Experience To 'Ghost': "It's Not Just A Movie"				

					Whoopi Goldberg Thinks Trump Is "Getting Even" With America For Not Supporting Him Through His Tariffs And Controversial Policies: "He's Angry At This Country"				

					An Ode to Judy Gemstone, TV's Poet Laureate of Nonsense				

					Walton Goggins Shares The Magic Of Baby Billy Freeman Belting Out "Turn The Other Cheek" In Behind The Scenes Instagram 				

					Walton Goggins Says He's Struggling To Say Goodbye To 'The Righteous Gemstones': "I Am Mourning The Fact That I Don't Get To Play Baby Billy Anymore"				

					Walton Goggins On Getting To Pull Off Some Of Television's Most Absurd Lines In 'The Righteous Gemstones': "Danny McBride Spins Gold"				
Saturday Night Live wasted no time diving into this week’s most talked-about story: the murder of UnitedHealthcare CEO Brian Thompson and the internet frenzy surrounding his alleged killer, Luigi Mangione.
The episode’s cold open parodied Crime Stories, Nancy Grace’s true-crime show, with a satirical deep dive into the shocking case. The insurance CEO was fatally shot in midtown Manhattan on December 4, and after an intense manhunt, 26-year-old Mangione was apprehended in Pennsylvania on December 9. He now faces murder charges while battling extradition to New York City.
Sarah Sherman, portraying Nancy Grace, opened with a biting monologue:
“The masked CEO shooter has been unmasked, and guess what? It’s game over, Luigi. And of course, everyone online celebrated the hard work of law enforcement in apprehending this dangerous criminal. Just kidding, y’all suckas made him a sex symbol. That’s right, the healthcare assassin Luigi Mangione has got women and gay guys alike hot and bothered.”
Since Mangione’s mugshot went public, social media users have been obsessing over his looks, with some even suggesting potential casting choices for a future movie. Sherman’s Nancy Grace didn’t hold back her critique:
“I mean, seriously? This guy looks like Dave Franco with Eugene Levy’s eyebrows. I mean, what is going on in this country? Y’all, this man is not a sex icon, OK? This man is, and I cannot say this any clearer, a MURDER!”
The segment also featured Kenan Thompson as Darnell Davis, a worker at the Pennsylvania McDonald’s where Mangione was arrested. When asked by Sherman’s Nancy about the public’s attraction to Mangione, Thompson quipped:
“I mean, you could look at him and tell he had hoes. Women love bad boys. You know, back in the day you could impress your old lady with a little poem. Now you gotta write a manifesto.”
Adding to the absurdity, Sherman’s Nancy interviewed Emil Wakim, who played a character resembling Mangione.
“This whole thing’s been a roller coaster for me,” Wakim said. “On one hand, I keep getting tackled by bounty hunters, but on the other hand, I’ve gotten some of the horniest DMs of my life. I mean, I haven’t paid for a meal in Brooklyn in days.”
The skit, which you can watch above, also poked fun at the intrusive nature of mid-sentence YouTube ad breaks.
Later, host Chris Rock returned to host SNL for the fourth time, reflecting on current events in his opening monologue, including the Thompson murder.
“There’s a lot going on in the news. My God, it’s so crazy out there,” Rock said. “It was so hard just getting in the building tonight. So much security. My God, I had to walk by a bunch of baby oil-sniffing dogs. It was insane! Everybody’s worried. I mean, we got Luigi, and that’s good. I really feel sorry for the family. Everybody’s fixated on how good-looking this guy looks. If he looked like Jonah Hill, no one would care.”
Rock then struck a somber note, acknowledging the tragedy:
“But he actually killed a man. A man with a family, a man with kids. I have condolences for the healthcare CEO; this is a real person. But you also gotta go… sometimes drug dealers get shot.”
The show also welcomed Gracie Abrams as its musical guest, marking her SNL debut. Fans were delighted by a surprise appearance from Adam Sandler during the episode.

This story has been shared 3,699 times.
3,699


This story has been shared 2,936 times.
2,936


This story has been shared 1,691 times.
1,691


This story has been shared 1,367 times.
1,367


This story has been shared 1,149 times.
1,149


This story has been shared 867 times.
867


This story has been shared 846 times.
846


This story has been shared 776 times.
776


This story has been shared 523 times.
523


This story has been shared 511 times.
511


This story has been shared 503 times.
503


This story has been shared 429 times.
429


This story has been shared 389 times.
389


This story has been shared 306 times.
306


This story has been shared 291 times.
291