By BRIAN GALLAGHER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  04:36, 10 December 2024   |  Updated:  07:52, 10 December 2024   
 2
View  comments
The Voices's five remaining finalists sang their final songs of the season as fans online discussed who they wanted to win Season 26.
All four judges are represented with Michael Buble's Sofronio Vasquez and Shye, Reba McEntire's Danny Joseph, Snoop Dogg's Jeremy Beloate and Gwen Stefani's Sydney Sterlace.
Each singer sang two different songs during the two-hour finale - a ballad and a more up-tempo song - with fans tasked with voting for their favorites throughout the episode.
Viewers were even treated to a special performance by Michael Buble and Carly Pearce, singing their holiday song Maybe This Christmas, plus a special appearance by Martha Stewart as well.
While we will have to wait until tomorrow's two-hour finale to learn the winner, each singer found plenty of support on social media.
Many even believed that it could be a very close contest given the talent of all five singers.
The Voices's five remaining finalists sang their final songs of the season as fans online discussed who they wanted to win Season 26.
Viewers were even treated to a special performance by Michael Buble and Carly Pearce, singing their holiday song Maybe This Christmas, plus a special appearance by Martha Stewart as well
While we will have to wait until tomorrow's two-hour finale to learn the winner, each singer found plenty of support on social media.
He then slowed things down by singing Amy Winehouse's Back to Black, earning the respect of many fans
The night kicked off with Team Reba's Danny Joseph singing Luke Combs' recent hit Ain't No Love in Oklahoma with the kind of power fans have enjoyed all season. 
He then slowed things down by singing Amy Winehouse's Back to Black, earning the respect of many fans.
@FahrenheitPics tweeted, 'i bet you all that danny’s gonna win,' after his performance on Tuesday night.
Another X user, @tayquack_LT added, 'About Danny's second finale performance? Well... OMG HE'S SINGING BACK TO BLACK (even tho I recognize the chorus and not the full song). Really fits his whole site, as well as a perfect performance as a whole altogether.'
One X user, @FancyReba1 even shared a screenshot of her vote for Danny Joseph after his finale performance. 
Another fan, @MaduFaaku added, 'I still think Sydney is the best singer and is going to win, but Danny Joseph is my personal favorite. What a rock star!'
Following Danny was Team Snoop's Jeremy Beloate, who began with the 1965 classic What The World Needs Now Is Love, a song he thought could unite the world.
He followed that up Robyn's Dancing On My Own, and found high praise from many fans on social media.
@FahrenheitPics tweeted, 'i bet you all that danny’s gonna win,' after his performance on Tuesday night.
One X user, @FancyReba1 even shared a screenshot of her vote for Danny Joseph after his finale performance.
Another fan, @MaduFaaku added, 'I still think Sydney is the best singer and is going to win, but Danny Joseph is my personal favorite. What a rock star!'
Following Danny was Team Snoop's Jeremy Beloate, who began with the 1965 classic What The World Needs Now Is Love, a song he thought could unite the world.
He followed that up Robyn's Dancing On My Own, and found high praise from many fans on social media
@ninabubblygum said, 'People stay sleeping on Jeremy but he's absolutely one of the best.'
Another X user @Lucy789Lady said, 'Jeremy Beloate for the win,' while @TracysangerHall added, 'Wow! Jeremy definitely hits the feelers. He has a story telling voice. Jeremy for the win!'
Michael Buble's teenager singer Shye was up next, starting with the 1995 Joan Osborne classic One Of Us. 
She then sang Harry Styles' Falling later in the show, performances that many fans thought had won her The Voice. 
@connor_diorio pleaded with fans asking, 'Please vote Shye... she IS #TheVoice.'
Another user @friendofozma added in all caps, 'VOTE FOR SHYE SHE'S A STAR.'
One fan dubbed @shakenjaeke said, 'If we're going by tonight's performances alone, Shye deserves to win.'
Next up was the youngest in the competition, 16-year-old Sydney Sterlace from Team Gwen, who began with the recent Gracie Abrams hit I Love You, I'm Sorry.
@ninabubblygum said, 'People stay sleeping on Jeremy but he's absolutely one of the best.'
Michael Buble's teenager singer Shye was up next, starting with the 1995 Joan Osborne classic One Of Us
She then sang Harry Styles' Falling later in the show, performances that many fans thought had won her The Voice.
@connor_diorio pleaded with fans asking, 'Please vote Shye... she IS #TheVoice.'
Next up was the youngest in the competition, 16-year-old Sydney Sterlace from Team Gwen, who began with the recent Gracie Abrams hit I Love You, I'm Sorry
She then sang the 2006 Snow Patrol hit Chasing Cars on an elaborate set including a huge bed suspended in air.
@Dougarmst14 said, 'I wanna say this sydney sterlace performance is good and I heard her story teller in all the performances she song tonight America and I wanna say sydney sterlace sold me on voting tonight and America i wanna say sydney has a shot at winning this.'
One fan - @Amanda5SOS - shared a scerengrab revealing she voted for Sydney, adding, 'sydney is amazing of course i already voted for her #TheVoice.'
@amlydo38 tried to rally fans of Sydney's hometown football team, the Buffalo Bills, adding, 'Hey #BillsMafia let’s all tune into #TheVoice and root Buffalo’s own Sydney Sterlace on to victory tonight in the finals! #Bills.'
Team Buble's Sofronio Vasquez was the last to perform in the first round, singing Sia's hit Unstoppable.
He followed that up with A Million Dreams from The Greatest Showman soundtrack and many fans were convinced he won.
@earlgreytea91 said, 'Sofronio might have sealed the deal right there. It is all up to America for him to win it all tomorrow.'
@taurus_boyy shared a circle of candle emojis with, 'Sofronio Winner' in the center of it.
She then sang the 2006 Snow Patrol hit Chasing Cars on an elaborate set including a huge bed suspended in air.
@Dougarmst14 said, 'I wanna say this sydney sterlace performance is good and I heard her story teller in all the performances she song tonight America and I wanna say sydney sterlace sold me on voting tonight and America i wanna say sydney has a shot at winning this'
One fan - @Amanda5SOS - shared a scerengrab revealing she voted for Sydney, adding, 'sydney is amazing of course i already voted for her #TheVoice'
@amlydo38 tried to rally fans of Sydney's hometown football team, the Buffalo Bills, adding, 'Hey #BillsMafia let’s all tune into #TheVoice and root Buffalo’s own Sydney Sterlace on to victory tonight in the finals! #Bills'
Team Buble's Sofronio Vasquez was the last to perform in the first round, singing Sia's hit Unstoppable
He followed that up with A Million Dreams from The Greatest Showman soundtrack and many fans were convinced he won
@earlgreytea91 said, 'Sofronio might have sealed the deal right there. It is all up to America for him to win it all tomorrow
@audsie said, 'Sofronio Vasquez should win #The Voice' whle @shaknique_lacre added, 'I want to see Shye or Sofronio to win !!!!'
@audsie said, 'Sofronio Vasquez should win #The Voice' whle @shaknique_lacre added, 'I want to see Shye or Sofronio to win !!!!' 
The winner will be determined completely by fan votes, which is open until 7 AM ET on Tuesday.
Fans can either vote through The Voice app or by visiting NBC.com/VoiceVote and selecting the singer you want to win. 
The two-hour finale kicks off Tuesday, December 10 at 9 PM ET on NBC. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group