By NIOMI HARRIS FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  07:48, 20 August 2024   |  Updated:  23:32, 20 August 2024   
 232
View  comments
Paul Mescal has confirmed his relationship with pop star Gracie Abrams as the couple packed on the PDA during a loved up outing in London on Sunday.
The Normal People star, 28, who was first spotted with the singer in June, could barely keep his hands off Gracie, 24, as he wrapped his arms around her while they took a leisurely stroll to dinner at Mountain Restaurant in Soho. 
In an exclusive MailOnline video, the pair were seen looking happy and relaxed in each other's company as they walked together down the street.
At one point, the couple's hands grazed before Paul tenderly took Gracie's hand in his. 
Not shy about their blossoming romance, the duo put on an affectionate display as they happily chatted and smiled together.
Paul Mescal has confirmed his relationship with pop star Gracie Abrams as the couple packed on the PDA during a loved up outing in London on Sunday
The Normal People star, 28, who was first spotted with the singer in June, could barely keep his hands off Gracie, 24, as he wrapped his arms around her while they took a leisurely stroll to dinner at Mountain Restaurant in Soho 
The Aftersun star kept things casual for the day out, donning a crisp white T-shirt and blue jeans, which he teamed with a green New York Yankees baseball cap. 
Paul also tucked a cream tote bag under his arm during the outing.
Meanwhile, Gracie - who is the daughter of Star Wars filmmaker legend J.J. Abrams - nailed casual chic in an elegant cream cardigan, with the performer at one point flashing a glimpse of her white lace bra as she lifted her top. 
The Close To You singer finished her look with navy trousers and trainers, while shielding her eyes with a pair of dark shades. 
Earlier this week, Paul and Gracie didn't hide their romance as the pair were spotted 'kissing a lot' during a date in London's Mayfair.
They were said by one looker to be putting on a 'loved up display' as they strolled through the swanky streets before heading to a nearby park. 
The onlooker told MailOnline said the pair didn't seem 'shy' about their feelings for each other as they smooched in the sunshine. 
It comes after the pair were spotted shopping together in the capital last month with a telling The Sun at the time: 'Paul and Gracie looked like any other young couple hitting the shops, and they went almost unnoticed. 
In an exclusive MailOnline video, the pair were seen looking happy and relaxed in each other's company as they walked together down the street
At one point, the couple's hands grazed before Paul tenderly took Gracie's hand in his
Not shy about their blossoming romance, the duo put on an affectionate display as they happily chatted and smiled together
Paul looked happier than ever as he strolled with Gracie
Gracie even affectionately nibbled the actor's thumb at one point
The duo tightly held hands as they strolled together
'They seemed very relaxed in each other’s company and were busy checking out the posh shops on Bond Street. 
'Paul is a very low-key person, as is Gracie, so there was no fanfare and they kept their distance from each other when they were out on the street'.
The insider also claimed that following their shopping spree, both Paul and the Close To You singer 'left separately' and they each made their own way home.
Gracie has been in the UK for a series of gigs and is said to have been staying at the Chiltern Firehouse in central London. 
Paul wasn't spotted at any of her recent shows which took place in Kingston, Bristol and Southampton, but the source thought it was 'telling' that she chose to keep coming back to the capital city.
The couple were also seen recently dining together at Brat, a Michelin-starred restaurant in London's Shoreditch.
The Normal people star kept things casual for the day out, donning a crisp white T-shirt and blue jeans, which he teamed with a green New York Yankees baseball cap
Paul also tucked a cream tote bag under his arm during the outing
Meanwhile, Close To You singer Gracie nailed casual chic in an elegant cream cardigan, with the performer at one point flashing a glimpse of her white lace bra as she lifted her top
She finished her look with navy trousers and trainers, while shielding her eyes with a pair of dark shades
Earlier this week, Paul and Gracie didn't hide their romance as the pair were spotted 'kissing a lot' during a date in London's Mayfair
They were said by one looker to be putting on a 'loved up display' as they strolled through the swanky streets before heading to a nearby park
The onlooker told MailOnline said the pair didn't seem 'shy' about their feelings for each other as they smooched in the sunshine
Paul and Gracie made for quite the loved up pair as they held hands and laughed together 
The duo were first spotted together back in June
The pair were not shy about their feelings for one another
The pair could become Hollywood's latest 'power couple', with it being claimed that Paul's upcoming role in the Gladiator sequel (pictured) will send him 'into the stratosphere' of stardom
Gracie is the daughter of Star Wars filmmaker legend J.J. Abrams - while her mother is producer Katie McGrath
In pictures obtained by TMZ, the two young stars looked very cosy during their meal in June. 
And the pair could be set to become Hollywood's latest 'power couple' , with both of their profiles on the rise. 
It has been claimed that Paul's upcoming role in the Gladiator sequel will send him 'into the stratosphere' of stardom.
Meanwhile, Gracie recently achieved a major boost when she served alongside Sabrina Carpenter as an opening act for Taylor Swift.
Gracie was seen sweetly clutching Paul's fingers while his arm was draped over his shoulders
The couple matched in their casual, off-duty styles
The film star led the way to their romantic dinner
It comes after the pair were spotted shopping together in the capital last month with a telling The Sun at the time: 'Paul and Gracie looked like any other young couple hitting the shops'
'They seemed very relaxed in each other’s company and were busy checking out the posh shops on Bond Street'
The insider also claimed that following their shopping spree, both Paul and the Close To You singer 'left separately' and they each made their own way home
Gracie has been in the UK for a series of gigs and is said to have been staying at the Chiltern Firehouse in central London
Paul wasn't spotted at any of her recent shows which took place in Kingston, Bristol and Southampton, but the source thought it was 'telling' that she chose to keep coming back to the capital city
Paul has previously dated singer Phoebe Bridgers (pictured together in 2022) and recently caused romance rumours to swirl with Natalie Portman
Gracie has previously been linked to DJ Hayes Bradley, with their alleged romance first beginning in December 2022. However, their romance was never officially confirmed
She also had an on-again off-again relationship with American songwriter Blake Slatkin, with the duo calling it quits for good in 2022 [pictured together in 2021]
Paul has previously dated singer Phoebe Bridgers and recently caused romance rumours to swirl with Natalie Portman.
He was seen enjoying an evening of drinking with the actress, 42, in London, with snaps showing the pair looking giddy while having a cigarette outside Bar 69 in May.
However, it was later claimed Paul is 'just friends' with Natalie, who quietly finalized her divorce from Benjamin Millepied in March following rumors he was unfaithful.
Gracie has previously been linked to DJ Hayes Bradley, with their alleged romance first beginning in December 2022. However, their romance was never officially confirmed. 
She also had an on-again off-again relationship with American songwriter Blake Slatkin, with the duo calling it quits for good in 2022.  

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group