Musical theatre fans are in for a treat when The Greatest Showman star Hugh Jackman takes to the stage in Hyde Park next summer.


  Movie fans may know the Hollywood A-lister for his turn as Wolverine in the X-Men franchise, but before hitting the big time, the Australian actor earned his chops in musical theatre.


  Past productions include playing Gaston in Beauty and the Beast in Australia, an Olivier nominated Curly in Oklahoma! at London's National Theatre, and The Boy From Oz on Broadway.


Hugh Jackman will headline BST Hyde Park in July 2025. (Image: PA)


  He has also proved his singing skills on screen in movies such as Les Miserables and most memorably playing PT Barnum in 2017 hit The Greatest Showman.


  Benji Pasek and Justin Paul's blockbusting tunes from the movie will feature when Jackman headlines BST Hyde Park on Sunday July 6th.


  Accompanied by a live orchestra, 'From London with Love' will also feature songs from The Boy From Oz, Les Mis, and The Music Man which Jackman recently appeared in on Broadway.


  He also promises some surprises for fans, who can buy tickets for the show on Wednesday 6th November at www.bst-hydepark.com.


Acclaimed American singer songwriter Zach Bryan will play two shows in Hyde Park as part of the season of concerts. (Image: BST Hyde Park)


  The line-up for this year's summer season of gigs in the Royal Park is already shaping up with a 'final goodbye' to the British capital by Jeff Lynne's ELO on Sunday 13th July.


  That show has already sold, out as did the first of two gigs by American music star Zach Bryan on June 28th.


  A second date on June 29th was added due to high demand for the singer from Oologah Oklahoma.


  His songwriting skills channelling classic Americana have seen him collaborate with a range of artists and become one of the most captivating storytellers of his generation.


Noah Kahan has also been announced as a BST Hyde Park headliner. (Image: BST Hyde Park)


  Also announced for the 2025 season is folk-pop star Noah Kahan who will play his biggest UK show to date on Friday 4th July.


  The Grammy nominated singer songwriter will be joined by special guest Gracie Abrams, who warmed up for Taylor Swift on her American leg of the Eras tour.


  Tickets for the show go on general sale on Friday 8th November at 10am with further artists to be announced.


  The Stick Season performer has confirmed himself as one of the year's biggest new artists with his mix of folk, Americana, and rock landing him more than five billion streams.


  As well as collaborating with Post Malone, Kacey Musgraves, Kelsea Ballerini, Brandi Carlile, Gracie Abrams, and Sam Fender, Kahan's ‘Stick Season’, and its accompanying album took the number 1 spot on both the Singles and Albums chart and has been named the UK's biggest song of 2024.


  It led to a sold out North America tour, stadium dates and two nights at OVO Wembley Arena followed by two shows at the O2 a few months later.


  He will now join the list of headliners who have played BST Hyde Park’s Great Oak Stage, for one of the biggest shows of his career.


  Since making her debut in 2019, Gracie Abrams has emerged as a compelling songwriter with singles such as ’21’, ‘I miss you, I’m sorry’, and ‘Long Sleeves’.


  In 2021 she released EP This Is What It Feels Like, before sharing her debut album Good Riddance, followed by 2024 album The Secret of Us.


  Further announcements are expected soon to complete the line up for BST Hyde Park which last year brough legendary music stars to London across three weekends including SZA, Kings of Leon, Morgan Wallen, Andrea Bocelli, Robbie Williams, Shania Twain, Stevie Nicks, Kylie Minogue and Stray Kids.


  Every year, each headliner is joined by a supporting line-up across multiple stages and the midweek programme allows free access to the site with outdoor cinema, street food markets, children’s theatre, fitness classes, summer sports screenings, and live music.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.