By 

	Kalia Richardson


	After opening for Taylor Swift’s Eras Tour during its second North American leg, Gracie Abrams has announced The Secret of Us Deluxe tour. The North American run, which Abrams announced Monday, begins July 24 in Boston, and includes stops in Toronto; New York; Los Angeles; and Morrison, Colorado; and concludes in Mexico City on Aug. 26. Role Model will perform as a special guest throughout the six-date run.
A post shared by Gracie Abrams (@gracieabrams)

	Abrams released The Secret of Us Deluxe on Oct. 18, which includes four new singles, and three live versions of previously released songs. Abrams’ single “Us,” included on both the deluxe and the original album, features Swift.

	Abrams opened for Swift during her final three performances in Vancouver. On Dec. 7, she joined Swift on stage for a mashup performance of Abrams’ single “I Love You, I’m Sorry” and Swift’s ballad “Last Kiss.” Swift, who has long considered Abrams a friend, called it “the last opportunity that Gracie and I have to perform together on this tour.” And during Abrams’ final opening performance on the tour, she confessed, “Have all of you been crying all day like me?”

	










The Secret of Us Deluxe tour in North America follows legs in Europe, which begin in February, and Asia, which begin in April, she previously announced. Abrams wrapped her The Secret of Us tour this fall, after kickstarting the run in Portland on Sept. 5 and making pit stops in Seattle, Los Angeles, Kansas City, Chicago, Nashville, and Atlanta.

Presale ticket sales for The Secret of Us Deluxe dates begin Thursday at 10 a.m. local time, and general sale is available Friday at 10 a.m. local time.





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	








The Secret of Us Deluxe North American Tour DatesJuly 24 – Boston, MA @ TD Garden July 26 – Toronto, ON @ Budweiser StageJuly 28 – New York, NY @ Madison Square Garden Aug. 6 – Inglewood, CA @ Kia Forum Aug. 11 – Morrison, CO @ Red Rocks Amphitheatre Aug. 26 – Mexico City MX @ Pepsi Center
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.