By VALERIA GARCIA FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  07:04, 18 December 2024   |  Updated:  19:33, 18 December 2024   
 18
View  comments
Kesha and Addison Rae made jaws drop as they arrived at Hot 99.5's Jingle Ball in Washington, DC, on Tuesday.
Kesha, 37, dressed in a plunging red mini dress with a corset bodice and risqué cutouts prior to performing some of her greatest hits at the star-studded festive concert tour.
Addison, 24, looked sexy in a contrasting white lace mini-dress that matched earlier all-white looks she wore to previous Jingle Ball performances. 
Kesha's ensemble looked straight out of a magazine cover, and she let her golden locks cascade over her shoulders while styling them with face-framing layers. 
The vixen accessorized with chic ruby boots while modeling a light makeup look that showcased her natural beauty and ethereal complexion.
During an interview on Sunday, Kesha humorously revealed that her Christmas wish list includes 'a sugar daddy and a yacht.'
Kesha and Addison Rae made jaws drop as they arrived at Hot 99.5's Jingle Ball in Washington, DC, on Tuesday. Kesha, 37, dressed in a plunging red mini dress, while Addison, 24, looked sexy in a contrasting white lace mini-dress
She also revealed to Kiss 108 FM that her favorite songs to belt out on stage are 'the new ones.' 
The Die Young singer said, 'You know what, the new ones are always fun because its kind of scary and like you don't know how its gonna go. Delusional was so fun to preform because I love that song but its new.
'And you just like, you don't know if its gonna be a train wreck. So that excitement is really fun but i love playing Joyride. Its so fun — I get to do all the voices, so fun,' she said.
When asked by the interviewer if she explored Boston while there for the Jingle Ball, the singer said that she did get to take a yoga class.
'Its like [Lady] Gaga said, "Bus, plane, another club, club, another club," but today I did do a yoga class. So I'm not just a complete trash person. [At a] random yoga spot,' she said.
Addison contrasted Kesha's red-hot look with lace tights and white heels that showed off her curvy frame and endless legs.
The 24-year-old influencer wore her bleached locks in loose curls while wearing a light-glam makeup look that showed off her plump put and full eyebrows.
In September, the social media star-turned-actress made headlines after joining Charli XCX and Lorde on stage at Madison Square Garden in New York City for a surprise duet.
The 37-year-old Blow singer dressed in a plunging red mini dress with a corset bodice and risqué cutouts
Kesha's ensemble looked straight out of a magazine cover, and she let her golden locks cascade over her shoulders while styling them with face-framing layers 
The vixen accessorized with chic ruby boots
She modeled a light makeup look that showcased her natural beauty and ethereal complexion
During an interview on Sunday, Kesha humorously revealed that her Christmas wish list includes 'a sugar daddy and a yacht'
She also revealed to Kiss 108 FM that her favorite songs to belt out on stage are 'the new ones'
'Delusional was so fun to preform because I love that song but its new,' she said
'I love playing Joyride. Its so fun,' she added
Addison looked sexy in a white lace mini-dress with matching lace tights and white heels that showed off her curvy frame and endless legs
She wore a light-glam makeup look that showed off her plump put and full eyebrows
Rae first entered the music space with the release of her song Obsessed, which came out in March 2021
The Diet Pepsi singer is slated to take the stage later in the evening
Rae first entered the music space with the release of her song Obsessed, which came out on March 2021.
The Diet Pepsi singer is slated to take the stage later in the evening. 
Meghan Trainor put on a sexy Santa minidress and rocked the stage after admitting she had a botched Botox job.
She hit the stage in her suggestive ensemble and belted out some festive hits while teaming her look with with leg warmers and matching boots.
Just two weeks ago, the blonde bombshell urged women not to get lip filler — admitting that she 'can't smile anymore' while on her Workin' On It podcast.
She said, 'I got too much Botox and I need help. I messed up. Listen, I've had Botox like a handful of times, just a few times, just on my forehead, you know.
'And someone convinced me with my little lips that if you did a lip flip, you put filler right above your upper lip, that you could have a beautiful flip on your upper lip and I could have one for the first time in my whole 30 years of living.'
The GRAMMY winner said, 'I cannot smile anymore. Everywhere I go, I cannot smile. My face hurts to smile.'
Meghan Trainor put on a sexy Santa mini-dress and rocked the stage after admitting she had a botched Botox job
She hit the stage in her suggestive ensemble and belted out some festive hits while teaming her look with with leg warmers and matching boots
Just two weeks ago, the blonde bombshell urged women not to get lip filler — admitting that she 'can't smile anymore' while on her Workin' On It podcast
She said, 'I got too much Botox and I need help. I messed up'
The GRAMMY winner said, 'I cannot smile anymore. Everywhere I go, I cannot smile. My face hurts to smile'
On the same podcast, Meghan revealed that she intends to go under the knife now that she has finished breastfeeding for the time being.
The mom-of-two, who shares Riley, three, as well as 16-month-old Barry with husband Daryl Sabara, has lost weight in recent months and as a result her breasts are now 'saggy sacks.'
Meghan said: 'I'm getting a boob job. My mommy boobies were full of milk and now they're empty and then they're full of milk and now they're empty.
'They got big, they got small, they got big, they got small, I've lost some weight and I have, like, saggy sacks as boobs.'
While currently on the road for the first time in several years and noted that she has had to wear restrictive bras underneath her 'amazing outfits' and 'can't wait' for the surgery.
And on Tuesday evening, she strutted her stuff on stage and performed to the best of her ability despite dealing with the facial pain.
Dasha made a special appearance on the red carpet, donning a super sexy get-up. 
The 24-year-old Even Cowboys Cry hitmaker left little to the imagination in a sparking cropped jacket. She paired it with micro-booty shorts that showed off her svelte legs and taut tummy.
Dasha made a special appearance on the red carpet, donning a super sexy get-up
The 24-year-old Even Cowboys Cry hitmaker left little to the imagination in a sparking cropped jacket 
She teamed her look with matching cowboy boots, a cross necklace and dainty gold hoop earrings
Teddy Swims looked dapper in an oversized black button up and matching shorts
The 26-year-old singer showed off his countless tattoos while donning a baseball cap and Doc Marten boots
He flaunted his golden teeth and gold chain necklaces
Flavor Flav made heads turn in a white suit with a red bowtie and matching designer sneakers and red baseball cap
He tied his look together with gold watches and an impressive Paris 2024 Olympics gold chain around his neck
He tied his look together with gold watches and an impressive Paris 2024 Olympics gold chain around his neck
He posed up a storm on the red carpet
The 65-year-old hip-hop star rocked oversized diamond sunglasses before hitting the Jingle Ball stage while on a FaceTime call
She teamed her look with matching cowboy boots, a cross necklace and dainty gold hoop earrings.
The blonde looker let her locks cascade over her shoulders while donning a full-glam makeup look that showed off her strong features. 
Teddy Swims looked dapper in an oversized black button up and matching shorts.
The 26-year-old singer showed off his countless tattoos while donning a baseball cap and Doc Marten boots. 
Flavor Flav made heads turn in a white suit with a red bowtie and matching designer sneakers and red baseball cap.
He tied his look together with gold watches and an impressive Paris 2024 Olympics gold chain around his neck.
The 65-year-old hip-hop star rocked oversized diamond sunglasses before hitting the Jingle Ball stage while on a FaceTime call.
Jason Derulo looked handsome in a punk-rock inspired ensemble consisting of a leather ACDC jacket with a plethora of chains adorning the look.
Jason Derulo looked handsome in a punk-rock inspired ensemble consisting of a leather ACDC jacket with a plethora of chains adorning the look
He wore leather pants and accessorized with a silver chain necklace and dainty earring
The Kid Laroi kept it casual in an entirely white tracksuit with a silver cross necklace and gold chain
He wore matching white boots on the star-studded rep carpet just before rapping a storm on stage
Edely Fernandez modeled a tan corset top and brown leather pants while showing off her fur coat
Gracie Abrams was seen on stage wearing an asymmetrical red dress that clung to her frame as she played the guitar
The brunette beauty rocked her signature bob in a wet-look style with waves
She sang up a storm while preforming her top hits like That's So True, I Love You, I'm Sorry and Close To You
He wore leather pants and accessorized with a silver chain necklace and dainty earrings.
The Kid Laroi kept it casual in an entirely white tracksuit with a silver cross necklace and gold chain. 
He wore matching white boots on the star-studded rep carpet just before rapping a storm on stage.
Edely Fernandez modeled a tan corset top and brown leather pants while showing off her fur coat.
Gracie Abrams was seen on stage wearing an asymmetrical red dress that clung to her frame as she played the guitar.
The brunette beauty rocked her signature bob in a wet-look style with waves.
She sang up a storm while preforming her top hits like That's So True, I Love You, I'm Sorry and Close To You. 
Tate McRae, 21, hit the stage in a pair of silver mini shorts that highlighted her toned legs and a sporty sweatshirt
The Greedy hitmaker wore her brunette tresses in a straight style, cascading down her back, and accessorized with large silver hoop earrings.
Tate McRae, 21, hit the stage in a pair of silver mini shorts that highlighted her toned legs and a sporty sweatshirt
The Greedy hitmaker wore her brunette tresses in a straight style, cascading down her back, and accessorized with large silver hoop earrings
The star put on a dynamic show
She was joined by two male backup dancers in white outfits 
iHeartRadio Hot 99.5's Jingle Ball was held at the Capital One Arena and saw special performances from Teddy Swims, The Kid LAROI, Madison Beer, Benson Boone and Gracie Abrams. 
The 2024 Jingle Ball concert tour sees ten major cities in the United States. It kicked off in Dallas, Texas, on December 3 and is slated to wrap in Miami, Florida, on December 21.
After Tuesday evening's show, the Jingle Ball stage will make its way to Atlanta, Georgia on Thursday.
Tickets are available to the general public on the iHeart website, with prices ranging from $569.30 to $1,129 per ticket.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group