Plant-Based

Food + Lifestyle

Get the world's #1 plant‑based magazine

Mother's Day Deal: Chocolate Gift Box!


Get our Best of Vegan Issue FREE


Thousands of Plant-Based Recipes


Our 2025 VegNews Vacations


Become a VegNews VIP

@taylorswift/Instagram

by
Jocelyn Martinez


September 25, 2024

Between her wildly successful, record-breaking world tour and chart-topping album drops, Taylor Swift still finds time to connect with loved ones over food. In between legs of her ongoing Eras tour, for example, Swift has enjoyed date nights with boyfriend and Super Bowl champion Travis Kelce at a number of New York and Los Angeles hotspots. She’s also enjoyed bites with friends around the Big Apple.
If you’ve ever wanted to dine like Swift but follow a plant-based diet, consider this your guide to the best meatless meals at some of the pop star’s favorite restaurants. 
Jump to the restaurants
While Swift herself does not adhere to a plant-based diet, she has made efforts to offer vegan eats at her concerts. Last summer, vegan tacos were on the menu at all four of her concerts in Mexico City’s Foro Sol sports stadium, which marked the beginning of The Eras Tour’s international stops. Here, Swifties could choose between vegan steak, chorizo, and al pastor tacos made by local startup Propel Foods.  
Taylor Swift | Facebook
RELATED: 13 Dishes We’d Serve Taylor Swift at Our Super Bowl Party
This marked the second time plant-based fare was offered during Swift’s Eras tour. Last April, select concessions at Raymond James Stadium in Tampa, FL offered lemongrass and citrus thyme vinaigrette grain bowls topped with Shrimpish, realistic vegan shrimp made by the Ish Company.
Whether you’re the ultimate vegan Swiftie or simply want to enjoy a meal out on the town, here are six standout, vegan meals at some of the star’s favorite restaurants.
Meduza Mediterrania
Earlier this month, the Grammy Award-winning pop star dined at Meduza Mediterrania with boyfriend Kelce, the tight end for the Kansas City Chiefs. According to People, the pair was joined by Kelce’s teammate Patrick Mahomes, and his wife Brittney, for a double date. Despite its meat-heavy menu, the Mediterranean restaurant offers a classic, vegan entrée that’s sure to satisfy. 
The falafel dish comes with hummus, refreshing tabbouleh, and Israeli salad. Meatless Swifties can also add heft to their meal with a number of vegan sides including seasonal vegetables marinated in a soy-sake glaze, Lebanese-style spicy potatoes, garlicky baby spinach, fresh dolma, and more. Find it here
@nyveganfoodie | Instagram
Swift attended an afterparty hosted at Catch Steak’s New York location following SNL’s season 49 premiere. Despite its meaty namesake, Catch Steak offers a number of dishes that can easily be made vegan upon request—and, best of all, they’re noted on the menu which makes ordering a breeze. 
For something light and refreshing, go for the Veggie King Roll (made with chewy king oyster mushrooms) and the crispy Caesar salad. If you’ve booked dinner reservations, the spicy gigli (a pasta dish featuring Calabrian chilies), and the vegetarian chicken parm (made with a plant-based cutlet) can both be made vegan upon request. Order the vegan-friendly truffle waffle fries for the table, and remember to mention your plant-based diet to your server.Find it here
Nobu Malibu | Facebook
In March, Swift and Kelce made time for a romantic date night in between legs of the pop star’s Eras tour. The A-list couple dined at none other than celebrity hotspot Nobu Malibu, which offers breathtaking ocean views. 
Here, meatless guests can enjoy a brightly flavored seaweed salad and crispy Brussels sprouts to kick off their meal. The housemade silken tofu topped with crunchy garlic is a divine dish and shouldn’t be skipped over, according to lifestyle influencer and PhD student Rebeca Martínez. Other vegan offerings include a brothy and spicy garlic vegetable entrée, veggie rolls, and snacks such as crunchy edamame, crispy okra with garlic ponzu, grilled shishito peppers, and more.Find it here
@thewaverlyinnstagram | Instagram
The Waverly Inn and Garden is yet another date night locale for Swift and Kelce, and for good reason. This Greenwich Village institution is an intimate restaurant, and photography is prohibited inside, making it the ultimate private dining experience. 
While the menu heavily features meat and dairy, The Waverly Inn’s meatless diners can rely on the exquisite vegan mushroom risotto. At the time of writing, this luscious dish features robust hen of the woods mushrooms, vegan parmesan cheese, spinach, and luxurious black truffle. Find it here
Freemans | Facebook
Swift has been spotted at this New York hotspot more than once. Last November, The Tortured Poets Department singer enjoyed a meal at Freemans with musician Gracie Abrams. And one month later, Swift returned with even more friends in tow to celebrate her 34th birthday.
Like The Waverly Inn and Garden, Freemans’ menu is comprised of meat-forward dishes, but the restaurant notes that its cavatelli can be made vegan upon request. When ordered vegan, this pasta dish features bright and velvety whipped lemon ricotta, fennel pollen gremolata, and purple basil. Find it here
Levain Bakery
Like many non-vegan establishments, Swift’s go-to restaurants are lacking when it comes to plant-based desserts. Luckily, bakery chain Levain—which earned top praise from the pop star back in 2014—offers a vegan, gluten-free version of its world-famous, original chocolate chip walnut cookie. Don’t live near a Levain outpost? Order this plant-based treat online for nationwide shipping.Find it here
DON'T MISS OUT: Get breaking news, recipes, and our weekly vegan deal by signing up for our FREE VegNewsletter


JUMP TO
...

Latest
News
|
Recipes
|
Guides
|
Health
|
Subscribe

Jocelyn Martinez is VegNews' senior editor based in Los Angeles, CA.
Become a VegNews VIP for product deals, freebies, and perks galore!
CHECK IT OUT
Become a VegNews VIP for product deals, freebies, and perks galore!
CHECK IT OUT
Never miss out on breaking stories, recipes, and deals
All things plant‑based,in your mailbox and inbox

by
Charlotte Pointing


by
Charlotte Pointing


by
Juliet Pennington


by
Jarone Ashkenazi


by
Nicole Axworthy and Jocelyn Martinez


by
Tanya Flink

Never miss out on breaking stories, recipes, and deals
All things plant‑based, in your mailbox and inbox
Get the world's #1 plant-based magazine
Copyright © 2025 Fresh Healthy Media, LLC