The pair have officially started dressing alike after marking their one-year anniversary. 

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Gigi Hadid and Bradley Cooper have taken the natural next step in their relationship: dressing alike. There is no higher expression of love and compatibility between celebrities. Take Gracie Abrams and Paul Mescal, for instance, who matched each other's freak in graphic T-shirts and dark wash jeans in early October. Or Zendaya and Tom Holland, who wore matching burgundy ensembles for a date night in New York City near the end of last month. Clearly, sharing is caring when it comes to your partner's wardrobe. One could even argue it's the ultimate way to solidify your bond, visually and emotionally.
I mean, just look at what the simple act of color coordination has done for the model and actor duo, who recently celebrated their one-year anniversary and made their love Erewhon-official. On Monday, Nov. 11, the pair stepped out in a patriotic color scheme that saw Cooper dress in a cherry red T-shirt, dusty blue slacks, and blue sneakers. Hadid, on the other hand, topped a pair of loose-fitting jeans with an ivory quilted jacket featuring a blue and red patchwork pocket, beige Birkenstock Boston clogs, and a sand-colored Kith x TAG Heuer Formula 1 baseball cap with a red contrast bill.
Gigi Hadid and Bradley Cooper translated their love into pops of cherry red for a walk around Manhattan.
The mother of one added another pop of cherry red to her casual outfit by tying a bright red cashmere sweater from her knitwear line, Guest in Residence, around her neck as a makeshift scarf. Underneath her quilted jacket, she wore a Western-inspired graphic tee with the sleeves rolled up and a stack of chain necklaces. Her best accessory, though, had to be her tiny cream-colored Loro Piana Extra Pocket L19 purse. The exact style is sold-out in every color, but a slightly larger (and more practical) size is still available in winter white leather.
Both of their looks were built with comfort in mind, but still managed to capitalize on winter 2025 color trends, including tomato red, buttery off-white, and sapphire blue. The two certainly seem to share a love of ultra-casual yet subtly style-minded dressing, but I'm already dreaming of what they might wear when they inevitably make their red carpet debut during awards season next year. I'm manifesting custom his-and-hers Prada. For now, though, I'll settle for quilted jackets and matching red accents.
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
Hanna Lustig is a staff writer at Marie Claire, where she gets to gab every day about the topics she holds most dear: fashion, beauty, and celebrity. Hanna’s editorial journey began with formative internships at Elle and InStyle, where she was lucky enough to work for some of the smartest women in media while she was still in college at the University of Tennessee. Hanna then accepted a digital culture reporting fellowship at Insider, where she helped carve out a new beat dedicated to covering influencers. Those experiences later served her well as a staff writer at Glamour, where she developed a knack for spinning quick turnaround celebrity news and trend reporting into juicy feature stories. Some of her greatest hits include an earnest ode to the no-pants trend, this meticulously reported feature exploring the rise of endoscopic facelifts, this snappy take on the Chanel-designed fantasy of Sofia Richie’s wedding, this tribute to WAGs past and present, and this timeline of Katie Holmes’s life and career as told through her denim collection.
Diane Keaton once hung up on Hanna during an interview, but thankfully that mishap did not derail what has otherwise been a deeply fulfilling career writing for and about women. As one of Marie Claire's resident experts on style and culture, her current coverage ranges from exploring TikTok's contrast makeup theory and the return of the boat shoe trend to interviews with costume designers for hit shows like Nobody Wants This and The Penguin. When she’s not at work, Hanna can probably be found listening to pop music, talking to her dog, and gossiping with her best friends. For more of Hanna’s perfect opinions on pop culture, you can follow her on Instagram and X.

It's time for an upgrade.


The 21-year-old Princess of Orange, Catharina-Amalia, has overcome a scary period in her young life.


She's currently on a break from her beloved sneaker collection.


With a corporate twist.


This runway look is unlike any other.


It's made for twirling—and daily life.


She's lapping the street style competition in looks we all can shop.


The dress's previous owner has a lot to do with the first Monday in May...


It also comes from an insider-favorite Adidas collaborator.


I can't resist following their lead.


From her closet to our carts.


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.