Katherine Fung is a Newsweek senior reporter based in New York City. She has covered U.S. politics and culture extensively. Katherine joined Newsweek in 2020. She is a graduate of the University of Western Ontario and obtained her Master's degree from New York University. You can get in touch with Katherine by emailing k.fung@newsweek.com. Languages: English
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
Wisconsin's "gold standard" poll offered good news to former President Donald Trump less than a week before Election Day.
Marquette University Law School released its final poll Wednesday, showing a dead heat in the battleground state. Vice President Kamala Harris has a 1-point lead among likely voters, with 50 percent support to Trump's 49 percent.
The results show a closer race than last month when Harris was up 4 points among likely voters—an advantage she maintained in both of Marquette's September surveys. Last month, Harris had 52 percent support to Trump's 48 percent. The former president led Marquette's August poll, 50 percent to 49 percent.
Brandon Scholz, a retired Republican strategist in Wisconsin, told Newsweek that the Marquette poll is "the gold standard" in the Badger State.
"Most everyone will cite that as the launch to Election Day—politely said, a candidate doesn't want to be down in that data dump," Scholz said ahead of the poll's release.
The poll, conducted between October 16 and 24, surveyed 834 registered voters. Its margin of error is plus or minus 4.4 percentage points.
Scholz said the latest polls represent what "everyone in Wisconsin has been thinking."
"The race for president in Wisconsin is a pure toss-up," he said after Wednesday's poll was published. "On the ballot test, with leaners or 3rd party candidates, Harris holds a slim one percent margin. While Harris pulls a few of the undecideds, there hasn't been a mad rush for that voting block to pick either candidate or no indication that they will fully settle on a candidate when they walk into the voting booth next week.
"And going into election day, there's no certainty that they will pick a presidential candidate and may move on down the ballot."
"The race has tightened a little bit," Marquette poll director Charles Franklin told the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel. "If I haven't made it clear by now, let me just say it again. It should not surprise anyone if Donald Trump wins, and it should not surprise anyone if Kamala Harris wins."
Harris, Trump, and their surrogates have all barnstormed Wisconsin, making their way through the state using two different strategies to win voters that Democrats will need to uphold the "blue wall" and that Republicans are hoping to take back.
Wisconsin has only voted for a Republican presidential candidate once over the last 36 years. Trump carried the state by 0.7 percent in 2016 after Hillary Clinton famously did not step foot in Wisconsin during her campaign.
Trump and Harris are scheduled to appear in Wisconsin twice in the campaign's final week, overlapping on Wednesday and Friday. Harris will hold a Get Out the Vote rally at the University of Wisconsin-Madison with performances by Gracie Abrams, Mumford & Sons and Remi Wolf. Trump will deliver remarks from the Resch Center in the Green Bay suburb of Ashwaubenon with ex-NFL star Brett Favre.
"With all of the in-state visits by the Harris and Trump campaigns, it's surprising they aren't bumping into each other in airports and on the roadways," Scholz said. "These visits are critical for the slim margin of victory that either campaign needs to produce a victory. After all of the advertising and visits crisscrossing the state, it likely boils down to campaign fundamentals. Whoever has the best voter ID and turnout infrastructure function could pull out a victory by the slimmest of margins."
Marquette's polls show national trends playing out across Wisconsin's electorate. An analysis of the pollsters' last four surveys shows Harris leading among women by 14 points, among young voters by 22 points and among Black voters by 64 percent. On the other hand, Trump has a 12-point advantage among men, a 10-point lead among voters 45 to 59 and a 23-point lead among rural voters.
Over 1 million ballots have already been cast in Wisconsin, where early voting opened on October 22.
Marquette's survey shows that Harris supporters are overwhelmingly more likely to vote by mail, 70 percent to Trump's 30 percent, but there are more Trump supporters who prefer to vote early in person, 52 percent to Harris' 47 percent. Trump supporters are also more likely to vote in person on Election Day, with 56 percent saying they prefer to vote on November 5 compared to 44 percent of Harris supporters who said the same.
"At some point, between now and election night, the 'R' word is going to rear its ugly head. Can you say, 'recount?'" Scholz said.
Newsweek is committed to journalism that's factual and fair.
Hold us accountable and submit your rating of this article on the meter. 
Newsweek is committed to journalism that's factual and fair.
Hold us accountable and submit your rating of this article on the meter. 
Katherine Fung is a Newsweek senior reporter based in New York City. She has covered U.S. politics and culture extensively. Katherine joined Newsweek in 2020. She is a graduate of the University of Western Ontario and obtained her Master's degree from New York University. You can get in touch with Katherine by emailing k.fung@newsweek.com. Languages: English
Katherine Fung is a Newsweek senior reporter based in New York City. She has covered U.S. politics and culture extensively. Katherine joined Newsweek in 2020. She is a graduate of the University of Western Ontario and obtained her Master's degree from New York University. You can get in touch with Katherine by emailing k.fung@newsweek.com. Languages: English
Katherine Fung is a Newsweek senior reporter based in New York City. She has covered U.S. politics and culture extensively.                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC