Paul Mescal and Gracie Abrams have made it official! The couple stepped out for their first major appearance together at the Gladiator II after-party on Monday night (November 18) in Los Angeles, and fans are loving this new Hollywood pairing.
The 28-year-old Aftersun star and the 25-year-old singer-songwriter have been romantically linked since June. Over the past few months, Paul has been spotted at several of Gracie’s performances, cheering her on from the crowd. It seems their relationship has only grown stronger since then, with the couple finally stepping into the spotlight as an item.
Paul’s friends have already embraced Gracie, too. Earlier this year, the pair reportedly went on a summer double date with one of Paul’s close celebrity pals. While the details remain under wraps, it’s clear that their relationship has become an integral part of their inner circles.
Gracie, known for her soulful music and heartfelt lyrics, has also built a strong reputation as a live performer. She joined Taylor Swift for the first leg of the Eras Tour in 2023, wowing Swifties as an opening act. Coincidentally, she also toured with Phoebe Bridgers, who happens to be Paul’s ex. Despite the shared history, Paul and Gracie seem to have found their rhythm together.
Paul, on the other hand, is gearing up for the release of his highly anticipated movie Gladiator II, which hits cinemas this Friday. The sequel to the iconic 2000 film sees Paul taking on a leading role, a significant milestone in his ever-rising career.
While the couple has kept things mostly private, their public debut at the Gladiator II after-party has everyone talking. Fans are thrilled to see them happy and thriving, both in their personal lives and their respective careers.
By: Michelle |
November 20, 2024

in ENTERTAINMENT, Featured Post, GOSSIP, MOVIES, MUSIC  
Popstar! Magazine brings you the latest in celebrity, entertainment and lifestyle news from around the world. Now in our 21st year, we continue to set the standard in the ever evolving field of millennial entertainment. We pride ourselves on being your number one source for accurate information about the topics you care about, including entertainment, beauty, fashion, health, wellbeing and news. Popstar! provides high quality videos for you to binge watch and we now offer a completely free digital bonus magazine that goes in depth to provide exclusive celebrity stories that you won’t find anywhere else. Popstar’s radio station provides you with tomorrow’s pop, rock and hip-hop hits, today. Streaming music and talk radio 24/7!
Connect with Popstar! on social media to stay up to date with all of the latest news and share your feedback. We would love to hear from you!