Taylor Swift isn't the type to panic in a crisis it seems.
In a recent interview with Billboard 24-year-old singer Gracie Abrams commented on her blossoming friendship with the Bad Blood songstress. During her conversation with the news outlet on Tuesday Gracie unveiled that the 34-year-old Grammy-winner had saved them from a potentially life threatening situation. The incident happened when the two were in Taylor's apartment.
While they were in the apartment, Gracie and Taylor had heard a noise, but initially Taylor assumed that it was just one of her cats moving around.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce dine at £17k-a-night Lake Como hotel for 1-year anniversary dinner
READ MORE: Justin Timberlake charged with DWI after 'glassy-eyed star ran stop sign and failed sobriety test'
The two later found that a candle had fallen over. However, the singer-songwriters weren't aware that the fallen candle started a fire until a few hours later after they had dinner and drinks. Moving swiftly, no pun intended, Taylor rushed to extinguish the flames.
”She was such a legend – I don’t know how at this hour or in our state she knew what to do,” Gracie told Billboard. “We both had an insane cough from the fire extinguisher fumes for weeks.” Gracie expressed to the publication that the scary occurrence was rather recent since it happened just six months ago.
Gracie and Taylor didn't let the fire stop their music-making process in the least bit. Shortly after the experience the two teamed up and co-wrote the song Us, for Gracie's new album The Secret of Us, which will be released on Friday. Gracie and Taylor seem to be developing a close friendship along with building a strong musical partnership.
The Risk crooner performed on Taylor's Eras Tour as one of her openers, and got to hear songs from The Tortured Poets Department when the album was unannounced and unreleased.
Gracie said that she and Taylor "were not only dancing 'like theater kids' to the tune But Daddy I Love Him," but she ended up on the floor "in shock" after hearing The Smallest Man Who Ever Lived, according to The Independent.
After they began listening to instrumentals created by Aaron Dessener, a producer they've both worked with respectively, they got inspired to collaborate themselves.
“Something caught our ear at the same time very hard and fast,” Gracie confessed. “So we ran to the piano and started writing this song … I used to fantasize about that kind of a thing as a kid. Gracie was previously very candid about how much Taylor's work ethic motivates her in an interview with the Porter.
“[Taylor]’s such an unbelievable artist, friend, and mentor. She is one of the reasons why I stuck with writing daily,” she said. “She makes these albums while she’s on the road – she never stops. Now I start to feel like s*** when I don’t do it. It’s like eating well, getting enough sleep, and drinking enough. Writing, for me, is something that helps my brain stay at a baseline calm that is required for me to function at the highest possible level in all the other areas.”
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.