The pop star opted for a red Versace tweed set for the Chiefs game, and a colorful Vivienne Westwood dress for a night out in New York City.
Every item on this page was chosen by a Town & Country editor. We may earn commission on some of the items you choose to buy.
Taylor Swift has stayed busy during her weekend off from the Eras Tour.
Yesterday, she attended her boyfriend Travis Kelce's Kansas City Chiefs game against the Denver Broncos, her second week in a row in cheering him on. She brought her parents along for the Sunday afternoon matchup, where the Chiefs defeated the Broncos in 16-14, keeping their undefeated streak alive.
At Arrowhead Stadium yesterday, Swift wore a matching red wool-blend tweed set from Versace, accessorizing with rings by David Yurman, EFFY Jewelry, and Retrouvai. She completed her game day outfit with Versace boots and a Versace bag. On Instagram, Donatella Versace posted, "Can you blame me for loving football now? 🏈 @taylorswift you are SO gorgeous in Versace!! ❤️‍🔥"
It was a major sartorial shift from her Friday night outfit, where she was spotted out to dinner with Zoë Kravitz at Chez Margaux, a members' only club in the Meatpacking District of New York City.
For the night out, she chose a brightly patterned, off-the-shoulder Vivienne Westwood midi dress, and burgundy velvet Aquazurra Twist 95 sandals (which are unfortunately sold out, but the black version is still available). She accessorized with a bronze coin necklace from For Future Reference, and a bag also from Vivienne Westwood. 
Swift's busy weekend comes after Grammy nominations were announced on Friday. Her Tortured Poets Department album scored nods for Album of the Year and Best Pop Vocal Album, in addition to "Fortnight" earning nominations in the Record of the Year, Song of the Year, and Best Music Video categories. Swift's song with Gracie Abrams, "us," also was nominated in the Best Pop Duo/Group performance category.
Her Eras Tour resumes this Thursday in Toronto, the penultimate stop on the worldwide tour. Tickets are still available on StubHub and other resale platforms.  
Emily Burack (she/her) is the Senior News Editor for Town & Country, where she covers entertainment, celebrities, the royals, and a wide range of other topics. Before joining T&C, she was the deputy managing editor at Hey Alma, a Jewish culture site. Follow her @emburack on Twitter and Instagram.
Taylor Swift’s Diamond & Ruby Snake Necklace
Frances Tiafoe on Meeting Taylor Swift
Taylor Swift at the 2025 Super Bowl
Shop Taylor Swift's Game Day Outfits
Taylor Swift in Louis Vuitton at Chiefs Game
Shop Taylor Swift's Canada Goose Gloves
Taylor Swift Wears Chanel Outfit to Chiefs Game
Taylor Swift Skips First Chiefs Game of 2025
Taylor Swift Sparkles During Rainy NYC Date Night
Taylor Swift Skipped Travis Kelce's Christmas Game
Taylor Swift Wears Red Jacket to Chiefs Game
Taylor Swift Skips Post-Eras Tour Chiefs Game
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.