Home    Forums    Music    Grammys 2025 Predictions (Part 14)
 Lol it’ll be interesting to see how a label campaigns a diss song with pedophilia allegations 
The song outlived the beef and become an anthem for 2024 also they don’t like Drake much who recently try to play anti-corporate and industry. Grammys are part of the industry.
I'm making love to the angels of death,
Catchin' feelings, never stumble, retracin' my steps.
I like him too. His older catalogue appeals more to me. I think I just didn’t vibe at all with Silk Sonic and that left its mark on me. But those examples you made could very well work for him. He is a rare case of someone who could adapt to pretty much every genre. A musical chameleon.

Well, 24K Magic hit me hard. Maybe cause I first heard it inside a surround sound studio. It’s quality is in engineering & production, not lyrics & narrative. 
Silk Sonic was even better, cause I prefer Soul to R&B. I prefer R&B with Southern vibes, over Urban, but it’s rare these days. Beyoncé Freedom/All Night > Hold Up/Sorry for instance.
Time heals everything…don’t end it…wait it out.
Beyoncé as the only Columbia Records artist nominated in AOTY is already showing some promising signs. This Billboard listing, NFL halftime show, they’re clearly going all out for her and we’re not even in December yet (not to mention the upcoming best-of-year lists)
She’ll also get additional exposure through Disney’s promo for Mufasa in December. I’d be shocked if she hasn’t recorded at least one song for the film.
I’m starting to see a scenario where “Texas” wins ROTY despite losing SOTY and Country Song, kinda like “About Damn Time”/”Everything I Wanted”.
I have it at #1 right now, let’s see as the season goes by, this could definitely happen. It has a fresh yet traditional sound, potential cross-genre appeal and multi-format radio charting; also, no Bruno/Gaga or Shaboozey here to split R&B and country votes.
well, die hasn’t topped the streaming chart at all.
The US isn’t representative of the world.
“Die with a Smile” has exceeded 100 million streams worldwide for ten consecutive weeks on Billboard Global 200 – the most such weeks for any song in the chart’s history to date.[42] It became the longest-reigning song of the 2024 calendar year atop the chart.[43] It is the only song streamed over 100 million times globally during eleven weeks.[44] On November 20, 2024, “Die with a Smile” set a new record as the first song to reach 1 billion streams on Spotify in under 100 days, completing the feat after only 96 days, it maintained 10 million daily Spotify streams globally, longer than any song.
— Wikipedia
I know you allusively meant the Billboard US  streaming charts, since DWAS had the most US streams when Sticky topped.
However, making assertions with localised innuendos is bounded rationality still, and often comes off as cherrypicking, or straight up slow (no offence).
Time heals everything…don’t end it…wait it out.
 The US isn’t representative of the world. 
Well, Billboard charts reflects global performance nonetheless!
 Well, Billboard charts reflects what the world streams nonetheless! 
Dua’s Houdini has more Spotify Streams than Texas Hold ‘Em, and is on track to beat Fortnight. Check DWAS vs Bar Song global streams. You think Morgan Wallen has the biggest album & song this decade globally? Billboard Hot 100 is heavily misaligned these days. 
You could have said “Grammys are hosted by the RIAA, making US charts more relevant to Grammy talks, radio reach specifically”, but you chose a half-baked surmise lol. 
Time heals everything…don’t end it…wait it out.
 The song outlived the beef and become an anthem for 2024 also they don’t like Drake much who recently try to play anti-corporate and industry. Grammys are part of the industry. 
Grammys are definitely part of the industry but lets not forget Kanye West literally PISSED on a Grammy and was awarded the same year while a rapper like Snoop Dogg, who has said that winning a Grammy would be a true honor and one of his greatest accomplishments is 0-16. The Grammys don’t necessarily go against whose who go against them or the industry and i’m still not convinced that the Grammys will award Kendrick as a “Fuck You” to Drake in the General Category when voters could just bypass the controversy and award something safe like Tipsy and then give Kendrick his long deserved General Field trophies in 2026 when GNX is the most nominated album of the ceremony.
 Grammys are definitely part of the industry but lets not forget Kanye West literally PISSED on a Grammy and was awarded the same year while a rapper like Snoop Dogg, who has said that winning a Grammy would be a true honor and one of his greatest accomplishments is 0-16. The Grammys don’t necessarily go against whose who go against them or the industry and i’m still not convinced that the Grammys will award Kendrick as a “Fuck You” to Drake in the General Category when voters could just bypass the controversy and award something safe like Tipsy and then give Kendrick his long deserved General Field trophies in 2026 when GNX is the most nominated album of the ceremony. 
But they will still reward Kendrick in Rap Performance and Rap Song, same song about Drake being pedo and colonizer. I think ROTY is really possible since they are gonna give award to production only. Also i don’t think Kendrick or GNX will win GF awards, they are gonna give it to Harry Styles, Bruno Mars type of safer choices. GNX is very much like DAMN.
I'm making love to the angels of death,
Catchin' feelings, never stumble, retracin' my steps.
The fact that “Not Like Us” got nominated five times, despite its lyrical content, and even got Mustard that Producer of the Year nod, means that the average voter probably don’t care that it’s a diss directed at Drake. That’s not to say that voters won’t be reluctant to vote for it, particularly in the general field. But I do think a lot of voters see the merit in the structure and lyrical prowess of the song and understand its intent. That petition could either be a good or bad thing for its chances. The general consensus looks to be that Drake is a sore loser trying to get a W out of a million losses.
I really don’t know what wins in the general field this year, which makes it all the more exciting.
Not Like Us and Good Luck Babe! leading best songs of the year lists.
https://www.albumoftheyear.org/songs/best/2024/
Not Like Us and Good Luck Babe! leading best songs of the year lists. https://www.albumoftheyear.org/songs/best/2024/ 
Like i expected, BRAT is also dominating the year end lists.
I'm making love to the angels of death,
Catchin' feelings, never stumble, retracin' my steps.
Not Like Us Record of the Year
Good Luck Babe! Song of the Year
Cowboy Carter Album of the Year
Sabrina Carpenter Best New Artist
Short N Sweet Best Pop Vocal Album
Good Luck Babe! Best Pop Solo
Die With A Smile Best Pop Duo
Von Dutch Pop Dance
Fortnight Music Video
I know that’s right!!! 
Congratulations to 4 Time Grammy Album of the Year Winner Taylor Swift!!!
Gracie Abrams will be musical guest on December 14th you know damn well Taylor will make a surprise appearance! Us will win!!!
Congratulations to 4 Time Grammy Album of the Year Winner Taylor Swift!!!
Get real!  “Us” is NOT winning Best Pop Duo/Group Performance.  Pure delusion.
The topic ‘Grammys 2025 Predictions (Part 14)’ is closed to new replies.
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…

				45 mins ago			

				4 mins ago			

				1 hour ago			

				25 mins ago			

				40 mins ago			

				30 mins ago			

				1 hour ago			

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media