By 

	Daniel Kreps


Lady Gaga, Katy Perry, the Roots, Jazmine Sullivan, and more will take part in Kamala Harris election-eve rallies in Pennsylvania, the Harris-Walz campaign announced Sunday.

	Oprah Winfrey will also make an appearance at the Philadelphia rally on Monday, which will also include performances or remarks by artists like Gaga, Sullivan, the Roots, Fat Joe, Freeway and Just Blaze, DJ Jazzy Jeff, Adam Blackstone, and DJ Cassidy. 

	Perry will headline and perform at the Pittsburgh rally in the crucial swing state, with Andra Day and D-Nice also expected to take the stage at that event Monday. Harris is scheduled to appear at both rallies. Gaga notably sang the national anthem at President Joe Biden’s inauguration, and later was named as co-chair of the President’s Committee on the Arts and Humanities.





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	








	(Prior to Sunday’s lineup announcement, both rallies boasted then-unannounced “special guests,” leading to wide speculation that the Pennsylvania-born, Harris-supporting Taylor Swift would partake, but that doesn’t appear to be the case at present.)

	










	Harris has been on a celebrity-supported push at rallies in the days leading up to Election Day. Last week, she was joined by Beyoncé and Willie Nelson in Houston, and Bruce Springsteen at a rally in Atlanta and Philadelphia. Earlier this week, she had Gracie Abrams, Maggie Rogers, and Remi Wolf join her onstage, while Cardi B delivered a powerful speech at a Harris rally in Milwaukee.
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.