Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
The $500 smart hair tool automatically adjusts the temperature and airflow depending on the distance from your hair.

							By 

	Danielle Directo-Meston

E-Commerce Writer

	If you purchase an independently reviewed product or service through a link on our website, The Hollywood Reporter may receive an affiliate commission.

Dyson is honing in on scalp health for a new smart edition of its bestselling (and Beyoncé-loved) hair dryer.

	Now available at Dyson’s website, the Supersonic Nural hair dryer ($500) is engineered to prevent damage to the scalp and hair by auto-adjusting the temperature. It comes with five smart attachments suitable for every type of hair texture, including a brand-new two-in-one Wave+Curl diffuser designed to “enhance natural waves and curls,” a wide-toothed comb that helps to shape and lengthen curly and coily hair, a flyaway attachment, a styling concentrator for precise drying and a gentle air attachment for up-close styling.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	Lifestyle
			



	
		
					Celebrity Stylists Love T3's Hair Tools -- But This Is Really Why the New Aire IQ Smart Hair Dryer Is Worth Buying		
			














	
	Lifestyle
			



	
		
					Battle of the Summer Beauty Sales: 10 Hollywood-Coveted Products to Buy at Walmart Over Amazon		
			








	Among the impressive new features is the Time of Flight laser sensor that measures the distance from the scalp, and keeps the temperature at an optimal 131 degrees Fahrenheit. There’s also an automatic pausing that turns down the heat and airflow when the hair dryer is set down on a surface. Both settings can be turned off, too.

	Just like the original Supersonic, the Nural has a 82-degree Fahrenheit cold shot button, three airflow settings and four heat options (82, 140, 176 and 212 degrees Fahrenheit.) Another cool design touch: You can see the engineering that goes into the new device thanks to the transparent capsule.

	The new Supersonic Nural comes in Vinca Blue/Topaz and Ceramic Patina/Topaz colorways, and includes a chic presentation case and a non-slip mat.

	At Dyson’s L.A. launch, global styling ambassadors and celebrity hairstylists Matthew Collins and Irina de León demonstrated the wave and curl diffuser on their own tresses before a crowd of beauty editors and influencers. 

	“Dyson has been funneling tons and tons of money into research and development of different nationalities, hair textures [and] hair types all around the world,” Collins explained at the event. “we have global researchers all over working with test groups in the labs to learn about hair culture … and how to keep health of the hair the No. 1 priority.”

	He continues, “For me being a hairdresser for over 20 years, my favorite thing is geeking out with engineers because they are so focused on perfection, and that’s what we have in the Nural.”

	The Dyson Supersonic and Airwrap were recently spotted in Beyoncé’s viral “wash day” video that showcased her Cecred hair care brand. (The “16 Carriages” singer uses the wide-tooth comb and medium heat, FYI.)

	










	The air-powered company also just launched a new professional hair dryer that was used on Zendaya, Sabrina Carpenter, Gracie Abrams and Jodie Turner-Smith at the Met Gala.

	Shop the Dyson Supersonic Nural for $499 at Dyson.com, and stay tuned for our honest review.
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.