Sabrina Carpenter will begin her "Short N' Sweet" tour on Sept. 23 in Columbus, Ohio.Evan Agostini/Invision/AP
The “Short N’ Sweet” tour is finally here, and the ticket prices are even sweeter.
Sabrina Carpenter will perform in Columbus, Ohio at Nationwide Arena on Sept. 23, and with tickets under $200, they are bound to sell out, especially since it’s the opening night of tour.
Amaarae is set to be the opener for the Columbus, Ohio concert.
If you want to get opening night tickets, here is how you can.
The cheapest “Short N’ Sweet” tour tickets are available on StubHub and Vivid Seats.
At the time of publication, the cheapest ticket for her Sept. 23 concert in Columbus, Ohio, at the time of publication is $182 on Vivid Seats.
First-time Vivid Seats users can save $20 on ticket orders over $200 by entering promo code NJ20 at checkout.
Fans also should check out other secondary sites to snag last-minute tickets, like TicketCity and SeatGeek.
Sabrina Carpenter will perform 45 shows throughout the “Short N’ Sweet” tour.
After performing in Ohio, Sabrina Carpenter’s next show will take place in Toronto, Ontario on Sept. 25.
Tickets are available on several secondary market sites, like StubHub, Vivid Seats, TicketCity and SeatGeek.
Sabrina Carpenter is not the only artist on a huge tour right now.
Here are a few more tours you won’t want to miss: Gracie Abrams, Taylor Swift, Billie Eilish and Mariah Carey.
Our journalism needs your support. Please subscribe today to NJ.com.
Nicole Iuzzolino can be reached at niuzzolino@njadvancemedia.com. Have a tip? Tell us at nj.com/tips.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices