By 

	Zack Sharf

Digital News Director

Travis Kelce is finally opening up about his surprise appearance at Taylor Swift‘s Eras Tour concert at Wembley Stadium. The football star shocked and delighted Swifties by joining his girlfriend on stage during the “I Can Do It With a Broken Heart” transition of the London show. On the latest episode of the “New Heights” podcast, Kelce revealed that he was the mastermind behind the live cameo.

	“I initially mentioned it to Tay,” Kelce said. “I was like, ‘How funny would it be if I just rolled out on one of the bikes during the 1989 era.'”

	










			Popular on Variety		







	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					What an AI War on Copyright Law Could Mean for Content Creators		
			














	
		
					‘Militantropos’ Acquired by Square Eyes Ahead of Premiere in Cannes' Directors’ Fortnight (EXCLUSIVE)		
			








	Swift apparently asked Kelce if he was serious about joining her on stage, to which he responded: “What? I would love to do that, are you kidding me? I’ve seen the show enough — might as well put me to work here.”

	Kelce said Swift “found the perfect part of the show for me to come in” and called it an “honor” to stand beside a “true showman” like her.

	“When everyone [in the crowd] found out that it was me — because it took a second for everyone to figure it out — that moment was pretty jarring,” Kelce remembered about the experience. “I was just like, ‘Oh shit.’ And you don’t realize how big that damn stage is. It is easily as big as a football stadium … it’s way bigger than I could have ever imagined.”

	“It was an absolute blast,” he continued. “It was such a fun, playful part of the show, and it was like … the perfect time for me to go up there, just be a ham and have some fun — not only with [Swift] … but the crowd and really try and get everybody excited for the rest of the show. It was awesome.”

	Kelce appeared during Swift’s third and final night performing at London’s Wembley Stadium. She was also joined by Gracie Abrams during the show, where the two joined forces on the first live performance of their song “Us.” Swift later took to Instagram to say she was still “cracking up” and “swooning” over Kelce’s appearance. 

	“I didn’t disappoint Taylor, so that’s all that really matters,” Kelce said. 

	Swift next takes The Eras Tour to Amsterdam, where she’s playing three shows over the July 4 holiday weekend. She’ll be back at London’s Wembley Stadium for five more shows in August.

	Listen to the full episode of Kelce’s “New Heights” podcast here. 
The Business of Entertainment