With the first weekend of Tayronto excitement wrapping up, we now have a better idea of the craziness and how it all works. Tons of swifties took to social media after this weekend to share how their experience went and here are my takeaways from it, and what I will be applying to my experience.
Taylor Swift at opening night in Toronto. Photo: taylorerastour Instagram.
Lineups & Queue  
Swifties are welcome to start lining up outside the stadium at 3:30 p.m.; however, they will not be let in until 4:30 p.m. This is an important detail for us Canadian swifties because that wait can be chilly! Many people on social media reported having no trouble getting in even after arriving closer to five or six. 
Bag Checks 
The Rogers Center mandated clear bags ahead of this concert. All details were included in an email sent to ticket holders earlier last week. Many fans reported that security wasn’t overly diligent with bag checks, and some people shared that their bags didn’t exactly meet the measurement requirements however, they were still granted entrance. 
You are also permitted to bring in a sealed water bottle, however they make you remove the cap ahead of entering the stadium. 
Transit 
Fans reported the walk to the Go-train and subways after the concert was a little longer than normal because of the volume of people trying to leave. Many people reported long wait times and large crowds on the trains. 
I have yet to hear anything negative about driving and parking. I saw one fan say there was tons of available parking and traffic was not bad at all.  
Based on this, I believe we might decide to drive down. However, I will keep you updated as the night approaches!
Merchandise  
Surprisingly, a lot of fans have not expressed any extreme frustration with purchasing merchandise. I’ve mostly just seen fans advising that you make sure the merch table you get in line for is carrying the piece of merch you plan to buy, as they are not all carrying the same stuff. Most fans also reported that the lines slow down once Gracie Abrams takes the stage. However, there are slim pickings left when it comes to sizes. 
Rogers Center has also created a specialized drink menu that includes fun Taylor-themed cocktails, fans have reported that they are good, just on the more expensive side. 
Temperatures
Finally, as Canadians, one thing we have to consider is temperature. Taylor performed in mostly open-roof stadiums for the majority of the tour before coming to Canada. However, the roof of the Rogers Center will remain closed for the shows. Fans said it was warm once they entered the stadium, it’s just waiting out in a line that gets a bit chilly, so as long as you can tough that out, all the fun, sparkly dresses and outfits should not be a problem. 
Tickets 
Many Fans have reported that security has been slightly picky with tickets, they ask that each concert attendee has their ticket on their phone and that one individual can not carry and show all the tickets for their group at the entrance. My first thought was what about families? Or little kids who cannot carry their own tickets. Fans have alleged that in those situations they make exceptions.
Those are all my takeaways from Tayronto weekend one, stay tuned this week as we get ready together for closing weekend. For all things Taylor, check out the rest of the “Talking Taylor” series right here on 106.9 The X. 
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.