By MADISON BURGESS 
 Published:  23:05, 28 August 2024   |  Updated:  01:58, 30 August 2024   
 25
View  comments
Paul Mescal flaunted his muscular physique as he stepped out in his trademark tiny shorts during an outing in London on Wednesday after confirming his romance with Gracie Abrams.
The Normal People actor, 28, teamed his signature retro style of blue Adidas shorts with a red tank top and black trainers as he strolled through the capital.
He cut a casual figure, completing his look with dark shades as he listened to music and looked at his phone.
Paul's array of tattoos were on full display as he enjoyed a break from his busy work life in the sunshine - including an outline of a deer and a swallow on his arms.
The outing comes just after the Gladiators star looked loved-up with his girlfriend Gracie as they enjoyed a double date with Daisy Edgar-Jones and Ben Seed at All Points East Festival last week.
Paul Mescal flaunted his muscular physique as he stepped out in his trademark tiny shorts during an outing in London on Wednesday
The Normal People actor, 28, teamed his signature retro style of blue Adidas shorts with a red tank top and black trainers as he strolled through the capital
Paul confirmed his new romance with the pop star, 24, during a PDA-filled outing in London earlier this month.
The star, who was first spotted with the singer in June, could barely keep his hands off Gracie as he wrapped his arms around her while they took a leisurely stroll to dinner at Mountain Restaurant in Soho. 
In an exclusive MailOnline video, the pair were seen looking happy and relaxed in each other's company as they walked together down the street.
At one point, the couple's hands grazed before Paul tenderly took Gracie's hand in his.
Not shy about their blossoming romance, the duo put on an affectionate display as they happily chatted and smiled together.
And taking their romance to new levels, Paul recently introduced his new girlfriend to his 'lifelong best friend' Daisy, 26, and her northern boyfriend Ben.
Daisy was forced to clarify the nature of her relationship with Paul following their stint on Normal People, in May.
At the time, Daisy admitted she 'fell in love' with Paul, but insisted it was in a friendly way.
He cut a casual figure, completing his look with dark shades as he listened to music and looked at his phone
Paul's array of tattoos were on full display as he enjoyed a break from his busy work life in the sunshine - including an outline of a deer and a swallow on his arms
Paul confirmed his new romance with Gracie, 24, during a PDA-filled outing in London earlier this month (pictured above in June)
Daisy was forced to clarify the nature of her relationship with Paul following their stint on Normal People, in May (pictured together in June)
The foursome looked in great spirits as they partied with the crowd while watching Mitski headline.
Paul and Gracie looked smitten as he wrapped his arm around her during the performance and held hands as they departed the grounds.
The couples spent the evening partying together and was seen mingling outside the festival afterwards.
The pair could be set to become Hollywood's latest 'power couple', with both of their profiles on the rise.
It has been claimed that Paul's upcoming role in the Gladiator sequel will send him 'into the stratosphere' of stardom.
Meanwhile, Gracie recently achieved a major boost when she served alongside Sabrina Carpenter as an opening act for Taylor Swift.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group