The Billboard Live Music Summit will take place Thursday, Nov. 14, in Los Angeles. Tickets are available now.

													By
												

	Billboard Staff


	Multiplatinum-selling and three-time Grammy-winning singer/songwriter Olivia Rodrigo will appear at this year’s Billboard Live Music Summit and Awards, in partnership with AEG Presents and Live Nation, for a Superstar Q&A and to receive Billboard’s Touring Artist of the Year award on Thursday, Nov. 14, in Los Angeles.

	In a keynote interview, Rodrigo will speak about rocketing from theaters to arenas for her GUTS World Tour; fronting a rock band of female, trans and nonbinary musicians; selecting and promoting opening acts like Gracie Abrams and Chappell Roan; and using her first global tour to build an equitable and just future for all women and girls through her Fund 4 Good initiative. Fans who were not able to attend the arena tour or those who want to relive it can experience the GUTS World Tour concert special debuting Oct. 29 on Netflix.

	










	The Live Music Awards, which will honor touring acts, as well as some of the visionary executives behind them, are based on a number of criteria ranging from revenue to tour demand, production, technical ambition, fan engagement, momentum and cultural impact.




			Trending on Billboard		






	Programmed by Billboard’s Dave Brooks, the Billboard Live Music Summit and Awards will be an unforgettable experience, spotlighting some of the biggest names in music and emerging artists who are shaping the future of the industry. The event will feature a series of keynote panels as well as the highly anticipated Billboard Live Music Awards, honoring artists and industry professionals who have made significant contributions to the world of live music.

	In addition to exclusive panels and conversations with the brightest stars and industry leaders, the Billboard Live Music Summit will feature insightful panels with leading figures from AEG Presents and Live Nation, exploring trends, challenges and innovations in the live music sector. The summit aims to foster dialogue and inspire future developments in the industry.

	Additional information will be distributed in the coming weeks. For more information on this year’s Billboard Live Music Summit and Awards and to buy tickets, visit BillboardLiveMusicSummit.com.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.