Taylor Swift will perform from Aug. 8-10 in Vienna, Austria during the "Eras Tour."Gregor Fischer/Getty Images for TAS Rights Management
“This is me trying” to get my hands on any “Eras Tour” tickets for Taylor Swift’s Vienna shows that I can!
Swift will grace the Ernst Happel Stadion stage in Vienna, Austria from Aug. 8-10. With not many international shows left, you better snag your tickets before it is too late.
Plus, your biggest sign that you should head over to Vienna to see Taylor Swift is that ticket prices are starting at $148.
Never in our “Wildest Dreams” did we think tickets would be this cheap so you better secure tickets while they are still available.
Throughout the “Eras Tour,” the cheapest last-minute tickets for Swift’s 2024 concerts have been on StubHub and Vivid Seats.
At the time of publication, the cheapest ticket for Swift’s Aug. 8 “Eras Tour” concert in Vienna is $159 on StubHub with others listed as high as $1,780.
For her Aug. 9 show, the cheapest ticket at the time of publication (before fees) is $148 on StubHub, while others are listed as high as $5,606.
Finally, for her Aug. 10 concert in Austria, the cheapest ticket is $142 on StubHub with the most expensive ticket being $7,893.
First-time Vivid Seats users can save $20 on ticket orders over $200 by entering promo code NJ20 at checkout.
Fans also should check out other secondary sites to snag last-minute tickets, like TicketCity and SeatGeek.
Taylor Swift will perform 84 shows throughout the second leg of her “Eras Tour.”
After Vienna, Swift’s next set of shows will be in London, England on Aug. 15-20.
Tickets are available on several secondary market sites, like StubHub, Vivid Seats, TicketCity and SeatGeek.
Taylor Swift is not the only artist on a huge tour right now.
Here are a few more tours you won’t want to miss: Gracie Abrams, Nicki Minaj, Olivia Rodrigo and Sabrina Carpenter.
Our journalism needs your support. Please subscribe today to NJ.com.
Nicole Iuzzolino can be reached at niuzzolino@njadvancemedia.com. Have a tip? Tell us at nj.com/tips.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices