Wilderado has a sophomore album on the way.
Tulsa World Scene Writer 
The Tulsa-based band Wilderado released its first new music of 2024 and dates for a U.S. headlining tour.
The two-track single “Sometimes” b/w “Tomorrow” was released by Bright Antenna Records and is available on limited edition vinyl.
The songs were written by the band during sessions for a forthcoming sophomore album that was recorded in Norman and produced by Chad Copelin (Sufjan Stevens, SYML) and James McAlister (Gracie Abrams, The National).
A news release said “Sometimes” kicks in with the sound of Max Rainer’s gentle vocals over an acoustic guitar and listeners “are reminded of where Wilderado has come from.”
The Oklahoma native has recently launched his EIGHT light beer in Oklahoma.
The single harkens back to some of the band’s earliest recordings. Asked about the song, Rainer said, “This is a look into coping mechanisms. It’s something I’ve struggled with this year. I convince myself I need help calming down or being social at the right times. The first part of the song is indulgence, the second part is the reality of the situation and the ending is the honest bit.”
The news release said “Tomorrow” brings listeners into the present and reflects the growth of the formed-in-2015 group with more complex song structures and melodies.
“Tomorrow came from a lost guitar part that we finally stitched into a song,” Rainer said. “For some reason the body of music felt like a safe place to try and dive into my troubled faith. The further I went, the heavier it got. Similar to the energy that builds in a frustrating conversation, I feel like the song helped me ride a motivation and spill my guts a bit.”
Wilderado has accrued 200 million-plus streams and 3 million-plus monthly listeners across platforms. The yet-to-be-titled sophomore LP will follow the band’s self-titled full-length debut.
Released October 2021 via Bright Antenna Records, the debut album led to appearances on “Jimmy Kimmel Live!” and “CBS Saturday Morning.”
Last spring, Wilderado toured with My Morning Jacket and released “Wilderado Live,” a live LP featuring “Surefire” and “Head Right” (the band’s top 10 alternative radio hits) along with several older songs, including “Wheat” and “Morning Light” as well as fan favorite “Rubble to Rubble.”
The 2024 tour will begin June 7 in St. Louis and will include 11 other dates.
For more information, go to wilderado.co.
Users can customize the app so you see the stories most important to you. You can also sign up for personalized notifications so you don't miss any important news.
If you're on your phone, download it here now: Apple Store or Google Play
Receive the latest in local entertainment news in your inbox weekly!
Tulsa World Scene Writer 
Leon Russell's touring band will be joined by guest artists at a Friday, May 2 concert event dubbed “Leon Live Presents: The Shelter People."
If "Tiger King" wasn't to your liking, you may be more willing to embrace the feel-good documentary "Uncharted" about the cubs of a former "Ti…
Bell, known as the queen of the Tulsa Sound, toured with Leon Russell and Joe Cocker. She said she felt “blessed beyond words” being asked to …
The Tulsa-based music artist is releasing a new album, "Cruel Joke," in May.
Here are upcoming concerts in Tulsa.
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.