Today's Digital Daily	
			



	
			Today's Digital Daily	
			

The evening featured A-listers and 'It' girls alike, caviar and vodka shots and a performance by Gracie Abrams.
Eye Editor

	To celebrate the opening of their first U.S. watches and fine jewelry boutique, Chanel threw a party worthy of diamonds and bling, with A-listers, fashion darlings, “It” girls and more flocking to the Fifth Avenue space for a private dinner and party following the boutique cocktail. 

	Guests included Carey Mulligan, America Ferrera, Kerry Washington, Michelle Williams, Elizabeth Olsen, Katie Holmes, Seth Meyers, Natasha Lyonne, Lucy Boynton, Whitney Peak, Sadie Sink, Phoebe Tonkin, Amandla Stenberg, Cazzie David, Tommy Dorfman, Molly Gordon, Rachel Brosnahan, Rose Byrne,  Taylour Paige, Victoria Pedretti, Zazie Beetz and many more, who were hard-pressed to tear themselves away from the neighboring store cocktail before making it down to the next door party space, rumored to be a former Abercrombie & Fitch. 

	











	
			Related Articles	
	













	Parties
	



	
			Sarah Jessica Parker, Walton Goggins, Julia Fox and More Celebrate the Cult100 With Valentino at the Guggenheim	
			













	Parties
	



	
			Prada Celebrates New Men's Store With Tracee Ellis Ross, Hunter Schafer, Benedict Cumberbatch and More	
			








	“It was so beautiful, I was really blown away by the chandeliers,” said Washington of the store. 




			You May Also Like		






	She was dressed for the night in a fine jewelry necklace, which she’d paired with a strapless Chanel dress. 

	“I’m awed by it,” she said. 

	When asked how wearing Chanel makes her feel, she replied “classic, iconic, elegant, chic.”

	For Mulligan, wearing the brand makes her feel “like a grown up.”

	“It does, it’s so sort of elegant and classic and I think there’s something about that that feels quite timeless.”

	Mulligan, who is nominated for an Oscar this year for her role as Felicia Montealegre in “Maestro,” said it was actually a rather full-circle moment being at the Chanel event in the midst of her awards season. 

	“That’s why this evening is so interesting, because Felicia wore a lot of Chanel and I wear Chanel in the film. Chanel made us that costume for the movie. So Andrew [Mukamal, her stylist] has been referencing lots of original designs from the Forties and Fifties that Felicia might’ve worn. Schiaparelli did a remake of a 1940 dress, and there are some other bits and pieces coming that have a nod to that.” 

	“You’re so incredible,” Taylour Paige told Rose Byrne as they were introduced by their publicist, making Byrne blush.

	“Can you tell I’m new at heels?” Gracie Abrams asked photographers as she posed in a Chanel pair. 

	After cocktail hour, guests moved upstairs to sit for dinner, where an oyster course was followed by offers of a shot of vodka, to go with the caviar and twice-baked potato on its way. By 10 p.m., the ice cream sundaes and dessert towers had been passed around and the crowd made its way downstairs for the grand finale: a performance by Abrams, fresh off her Grammys appearance.
Sign up for WWD news straight to your inbox every day
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
WWD and Women's Wear Daily are part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All Rights Reserved.