Posted in: NBC, Peacock, TV | Tagged: saturday night live, snl
SNL 50 Pregame: We look back at alum/host Chris Rock's previous monologues and ahead to what's in store for SNL's 50th anniversary in 2025.
With only two episodes remaining before NBC's Saturday Night Live takes a well-deserved midseason winter break (ahead of what's looking to be a very busy 50th anniversary-themed 2025), SNL alum and host Chris Rock and musical guest Gracie Abrams will be taking the stages of Studio 8H later tonight. With that in mind, this week's SNL 50 Pregame spotlights Rock's monologue run as host. For those who may not know, Rock was an SNL cast member – joining in 2017 (alongside David Spade, Adam Sandler, Ellen Cleghorne Rob Schneider, and Siobhan Fallon) and staying on until the end of the 18th season. After this weekend, Rock will be one hosting gig away from a "Five-Timers" jacket – having previously fronted the long-running late-night sketch comedy and music series on November 2, 1996 (Season 22, Episode 5); November 1, 2014 (Season 40, Episode 5); and October 3, 2020 (Season 46, Episode 1). To honor that run, we're looking back at Rock's previous monologues that not only cover a cross-section of pop culture from the past nearly 30 years but also demonstrate how he's evolved as a stand-up comedian and performer.
Here's a look at Rock's three previous SNL monologues, followed by his on-stage promos for this weekend with Abrams and SNL star Heidi Gardner. Following that, we have a look back at what we know about SNL's 50th anniversary celebration so far:
With only two shows remaining in 2024 for NBC's Saturday Night Live, we're getting an early look at what's in store in 2025 to celebrate the long-running late-night sketch comedy and music series' 50th season. Before we get to the big celebration on February 16th, Peacock and Academy and Emmy Award winner Morgan Neville will be offering us an unprecedented behind-the-scenes look at what makes the show an enduring and influential institution. Featuring more than 60 contributors, including alumni, and covering decades of SNL history, the four-episode SNL50: Beyond Saturday Night reveals new insights into the show's history, pulling back the curtain on everything from the writers' room to the famed audition process. With all four episodes set to hit Peacock on January 16th, here's a look at what you can expect:
Peacock's SNL50: Beyond Saturday Night is a four-part docuseries honoring the legacy of SNL, with over 60 contributors, including SNL alumni, and covering decades of SNL history. Spotlighting some of the show's most iconic elements, each episode delves into the rich history of SNL and pulls back the curtain on the audition process, the writers' room, the fan favorite "More Cowbell" sketch, and the pivotal season 11.
Episode 101, "Five Minutes" – A showcase of the SNL audition process, with never-before-seen audition footage and firsthand accounts from some of the show's most iconic names as they reflect on their preparation and journey to the SNL stage.
Episode 102, "Written By: A Week Inside The SNL Writers Room" – A behind-the-scenes look at the SNL writing process from script to screen, capturing the creativity and chaos of a week inside the writers' room at SNL.
Episode 103, "More Cowbell" – A deep dive into the making of SNL's iconic "More Cowbell" sketch, exploring how a simple idea became a cultural phenomenon and offering a tribute to the lasting impact of sketch comedy.
Episode 104, "Season 11: The Weird Year" – An exploration into SNL's 11th season, examining the pivotal year that reset the show's direction and cemented its enduring DNA with Lorne Michaels at the helm.
Executive-produced by Neville, Caitrin Rogers, and Showrunner Juaquin Cambron, Peacock's SNL50: Beyond Saturday Night is produced by Jonathan Formica (Ep 101, "Five Minutes" & Ep 104, "Season 11: The Weird Year") and Allison Klein (Ep 102, "Written By: A Week Inside the SNL Writers Room" & Ep 103, "More Cowbell"). The episodes were directed by Robert Alexander (Ep 101, "Five Minutes"), Marshall Curry (Ep 102, "Written By: A Week Inside the SNL Writers Room"), Neil Berkeley (Ep 103, "More Cowbell"), and Jason Zeldes (Ep 104, "Season 11: The Weird Year").
Enjoyed this? Please share on social media!