Taylor Swift brought out British singer Florence Welch during her final Eras Tour show in London.
The pop superstar, 34, performed the last of five nights in the capital on Tuesday, having played three dates at Wembley Stadium in June.
The billion-dollar tour takes fans through her back catalogue, including hits from albums 1989, Red, Midnights and her latest chart-topping 11th original studio album The Tortured Poets Department.
A post shared by Florence Welch (@florence)
The new album features a song Swift wrote with British group Florence + The Machine titled Florida!!!
Frontwoman Welch, 37, surprised Swift fans arriving on stage to perform the track accompanied by an impressive light show.
The singers, who were both sporting white gowns, have been friends for many years with Welch previously revealing she had sought relationship advice from Swift.
Another surprise came when Swift performed track So Long, London for the first time.
The track is the fifth song on her latest album – the slot reserved for the most meaningful track on each of Swift’s albums – and is thought to contain references to her ex-boyfriend, British actor Joe Alwyn.
Meanwhile Swift’s friend and long-term collaborator, music producer Jack Antonoff, also appeared on stage to perform Death By A Thousand Cuts from her 2019 album titled Lover for the first time.
The pair both played acoustic guitar for the number, which was a mash-up with Getaway Car from Swift’s 2017 album Reputation.
Among those in the audience were the Haim sisters, as well as Oscar-nominated British actress Emily Blunt and her husband, The Office star John Krasinski – who appeared to have brought their two daughters to the show.
Security outside Wembley had been heightened during Swift’s latest string of London dates, after three of her shows in Austria were cancelled over an alleged terror plot.
In July, Swift paid tribute to victims of the Southport attack in which three young girls were killed in a mass stabbing at a holiday club event themed on the singer.
Pop superstar Swift has nine dates left on her Eras Tour, which will take place in Canada from November 14, with her final show on December 8.
The final London show also marked the last opening performance for US rock band Paramore, with singer Gracie Abrams taking over the last nine opening slots of the tour.

                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                

                            Last Updated: 

Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.