These cuts, colors, and styles are already on the rise
Every product on this page was chosen by a Harper's BAZAAR editor. We may earn commission on some of the items you choose to buy.
Looking forward to a hair change in 2025? Whether you want to go big with a major haircut or small with a styling switch-up, there are fresh looks to inspire you. Ahead, we've rounded up what we predict will be the biggest 2025 hair trends, gathered from search intel, predictions from hairstylists, the spring 2025 runways, and more. Start prepping your mood board below.
Shorter styles aren't going away, and in fact, they're getting shorter: "French bob haircut" was among the top trending searches on Google in 2024. The style isn't quite a pixie—think somewhere between ear- and chin-length. Take inspo from our resident girl in Paris, Lily Collins, as well as Gracie Abrams, Danielle Deadwyler, and Sarah Paulson.
Red and platinum blonde are still having their respective moments, but Melessia Wade Smith, pro hairstylist and lead educator at Zotos Professional, says to keep an eye on this dimensional brunette shade with golden highlights: Daisy Edgar-Jones, Hailey Bieber, and Tyla are among the celebs wearing it as of late.
Hair that looks great is one thing, but haircare brands are putting more and more resources towards products that actually improve hair and scalp health at the root. From serums that can help with thinning to repairing shampoo and conditioner formulas, it's a big focus that will (hopefully) have lasting effects on your hair. 
The Cindy Crawford-inspired blowout is continuing its comeback, according to Julien Farel, founder of Julien Farel Restore Salon & Spa in New York City. Indeed, Kelly Rowland, Addison Rae, and Kendall Jenner are just a few of the celebs who have stepped out with the full, bouncy '90s look lately.
Expect to see more looks like Tyla's: Not only were waves huge on the spring 2025 runways (see: Collina Strada, Brandon Maxwell, and more) but "wavy wet hair look" increased in search 80 percent according to Pinterest. 
Y2K-esque accent braids have steadily been making a comeback, but we'll see them take new shape. In 2025, the look will be a bit more Victorian in inspiration, like the style Bryce Scarlett created for Lily Rose Depp at the Nosferatu premiere in L.A.
I Tried Meghan Sussex's Complete Skincare Routine 
How to Get the Dandy Look
Ariana Greenblatt Is the New Face of L’Oréal Paris
15 SPF Moisturizers to Streamline Your Routine
How No-Makeup Makeup Revolutionized Beauty
The 43 Best Beauty Products Under $30
The 10 Colognes for Spring 2025 Experts Love
The 10 Best Butter Yellow Nail Polishes for Spring
The Best Microneedling Serums, According to Derms
Don't Miss Amazon's Limited-Time K-Beauty Deals
The 10 Best Drugstore Foundations for Mature Skin
The 10 Best Drugstore Toners Under $25
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.