Presidential visits by region
Former President Donald Trump
From cheeseheads to MAGA hats, mementos tell the story of the Wisconsin presidential campaign
Early voting is well underway, and election day is next Tuesday.
In an attempt to get every vote they can, the presidential candidates and their supporters are holding rallies across the state this week. 
Here are the politicians set to rally in Wisconsin this week — so far.
Madison, Wednesday; TBA Friday 
Harris is planning a rally on the UW-Madison campus Wednesday to encourage early voting among young people, and she's bringing some rock stars with her.
Mumford and Sons, Gracie Abrams, Remi Wolf and Matt Berninger and Aaron Dresner from The National are scheduled to perform.
The campaign did not say what time Harris will be on campus, but a link where anyone interested in attending can sign up notes the event will begin around noon and last six hours. The sign-up form doesn't say where on campus Harris will be, only that more details will be forthcoming.
Harris will return to Wisconsin on Friday — the same day former President Donald Trump will also be in the battleground state.
Details about where and when that event will happen were not immediately available.
Green Bay, Wednesday; Milwaukee, Friday
Trump is set to be back in Wisconsin for a rally outside Green Bay on Wednesday.
The Republican presidential nominee will be at the Resch Center in Ashwaubenon, where doors open at 2 p.m. and Trump is expected to speak four hours later. Those interested in attending can register for general admission tickets here.
He'll be back two later for a rally at the Fiserv Forum in Milwaukee.
Trump is set to take the stage at 7 p.m. at the same venue where he accepted the Republican Party's nomination during the Republican National Convention in July. Those interest in attending can apply for general admission tickets here.
Wausau and Racine, Monday
Vice presidential candidate JD Vance will be at the Wausau Downtown Airport at 2 p.m. Monday. Doors open at noon. Attendees can register here. 
Vance will then head to Racine Memorial Hall at 5:30 p.m. Doors open at 3:30 p.m. Attendees should register here. 
Manitowoc and Waukesha, Monday
It has been reported that Walz will be in Manitowoc and Waukesha on Monday, but details hadn't been released.
Madison and Oshkosh, Monday
Sanders plans to hold a town hall in Oshkosh at 3:30 p.m. Monday to appeal to the "working class residents of Wisconsin."
In Madison on Monday night, Sanders will be joined by Ocasio-Cortez at a rally to encourage early voting. The event starts at 7:30 p.m. and doors open at 6:30 p.m. 
Further details haven't been released.
Madison, Tuesday
Kennedy will be at the Alliant Energy Center at 6 p.m. on Tuesday with former U.S. Rep. Tulsi Gabbard.  Doors open at 5 p.m. 
People who wish to attend can register for up to two tickets here.
Milwaukee and the Fox Cities, Thursday
Clinton plans to hold events in the Fox Valley and Milwaukee on Thursday, where he will highlight Harris' plans to "protect fundamental freedoms, strengthen democracy, and ensure every person has the opportunity to not just get by, but to get ahead," according to the campaign.
Details of the visits have not been released.
Get local news delivered to your inbox!
More than 511,000 Wisconsinites have voted early as of Tuesday, according to the Wisconsin Elections Commission's absentee voting report. 
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Sign up with
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Sign in with
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.