Tom Grennan admits it was "amazing" to go against the likes of Wham! and Mariah Carey for the Christmas top spot.
The musician, 29, turned his hand to producing a Christmas hit this year with his single It Can't Be Christmas, which was available via Amazon Music. Each year, dozens of singers go head to head as they battle to be crowned the Christmas Number One, with the likes of Perrie, Tom and Ariana Grande being the top contenders this year.
However, they faced stiff competition from the likes of Wham!, Mariah Carey, The Pogues featuring Kirsty MacColl and Band Aid which are often found in the top spots year on year. Despite not landing the top spot, Bedford-born Grennan has revealed he's still incredibly proud to have taken Number 4.
Speaking on The One Show, he told hosts Roman Kemp and Lauren Laverne: "This week has been crazy," when Alex explained he'd been "up and down the country," Tom responded: "Glasgow, Manchester, Birmingham – meeting so many people, obviously promoting It Can't Be Christmas."
"Yeah, brilliant reaction to it though!" exclaimed Alex. Tom went on to add: "Honestly, it's been crazy, all I wanted was to try and create a modern classic Christmas song." When Alex added that it was "tricky", Tom confirmed it "definitely" was. The Royal Highness hitmaker went on to say: "We were in the run for the Number One spot, obviously, Wham! got that.
"Wham! are the fabric of Christmas. But to be in the mix is amazing, I just hope that It Can't Be Christmas sticks around for a long time... Cash money," he laughed. Taking to his Instagram, the Coventry City supporter said: "Oh we didn't get the Number One but that's alright. Congrats to Wham! like Andrew said in his interview, Last Christmas is definitely the fabric of what Christmas is. To be up there with the likes of Wham! is an incredible achievement, I'm very, very proud, thank you everybody who's bought the record, streamed the record, now we still could get a Number One at Christmas, next week, unofficially a Number One at Christmas, if you keep streaming, keep buying, around the Christmas dinner table, tell Alexa play 'It Can't Be Christmas'."
Which is your favourite Christmas song this year? Let us know in the comment section – click here.
Tom previously revealed that had he bagged the top spot, his life would have changed forever. The musician who wrote the song in the height of the summer visited tattooist Tal Booker and had "Christmas No.1 2024 is..." tattooed on his thigh. Last week, a mere 3,000 downloads and sales were between the top three spots consisting of Tom's hit, Mariah's All I Want For Christmas and Wham!'s Last Christmas – the closest race in recent years. Speaking to the Mirror ahead of the charts being released Tom said: "The reaction has been brilliant – I can't help getting excited now to be honest.
"It's just great being in the mix with all those other megastar names that you think of as a part of Christmas, Wham!, Mariah Carey, Band Aid, but then when you find out there are literally only a few thousands sales between them all you start thinking actually I'd love to get to the top spot."
He added: "It's something you grow up hearing about isn't it, the Christmas number one, it would be an amazing Christmas present to land one – I can only cross my fingers now really and hope people keep playing and downloading it, but I've got a bit carried away already and got myself a new tattoo on my leg just in the hope we get there."
Tom, who has recently been travelling the country, including performing an impromptu duet with singer-songwriter Jason Allan placed fourth, just behind Mariah, with Gracie Abrams coming in second and Wham! bagging the top spot.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.