Maybe the ‘Short ‘n Sweet Tour’ won’t be so short after all.
Sabrina Carpenter just announced she’s adding an additional New York stop to her upcoming nationwide trek.
In addition to headlining at Madison Square Garden on Sunday, Sept. 29, she’ll now also take center stage at Brooklyn’s Barclays Center the following night on Monday, Sept. 30.
As for what to expect, the New York Post’s Sophie Cannon recently saw Carpenter at NYC’s Governors Ball Festival and raved “Her high-energy choreography spans the stage, complete with incredible back-up dancers, allowing the audience in both the front row and the back nosebleeds to feel like they were part of the performance.”
At both gigs, she’ll be joined by special guest Amaarae, a budding pop star and Bronx native.
Can’t wait to see Sabrina IRL?
Fans can purchase tickets for all upcoming ‘Short n’ Sweet’ shows on sites like Vivid Seats; the official on-sale is Friday, June 28.
Vivid Seats is a secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand.
They have a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and will be delivered before the event.
A complete calendar including all tour dates, venues, and links to the cheapest tickets available can be found below.
Ahead of the tour, Carpenter will headline at San Francisco’s three-day Outside Lands Festival.
Taking place, Aug. 9-11, she’ll be joined by huge names like Chappell Roan, The Killers, Post Malone, Sturgill Simpson, The Postal Service, and more on the star-studded bill.
Want to go?
You can grab single and multi-day Outside Lands festival passes here.
Earlier this summer, Sabrina performed at NYC’s Gov Ball. While she’ll likely play more songs on tour, here’s what she took to the festival stage on June 8, according to Set List FM:
01.) “Read your Mind”02.) “Feather”03.) “Vicious” (Rock Mix)04.) “Already Over”05.) “Please Please Please” (Live Debut)06.) “Tornado Warnings”07.) “bet u wanna”08.) “Fast Times”09.) “because i liked a boy”10.) “Espresso”11.) “Nonsense”
Ahead of the release of “Short ‘n Sweet,” Carpenter has dropped not one but two number-one singles.
In case you haven’t heard the smash hits “Espresso” and “Please Please Please,” you can find both here.
The soft-voiced 29-year-old melds pop, R&B, afro beats, and alté to create a sound all of her own.
To get a taste, we recommend you check out her most-streamed tracks “SAD GIRLZ LUV MONEY,” “Angels In Tibet” and “Reckless & Sweet” as well as deep cuts here.
Carpenter isn’t the only major star out and about this year.
Here are just five more of our favorites you absolutely won’t want to miss live these next few months.
• Gracie Abrams
• Chappell Roan
• Billie Eilish
• Tate McRae
• Joshua Bassett
Who else is on the road? Take a look at our list of the 50 biggest concert tours in 2024 to find out.
This article was written by Matt Levy, New York Post live events reporter. Levy stays up-to-date on all the latest tour announcements from your favorite musical artists and comedians, as well as Broadway openings, sporting events and more live shows – and finds great ticket prices online. Since he started his tenure at the Post in 2022, Levy has reviewed a Bruce Springsteen concert and interviewed Melissa Villaseñor of SNL fame, to name a few. Please note that deals can expire, and all prices are subject to change