PHOTO: Courtesy of WLUK
GREEN BAY, WI (WTAQ) — With election day less than one week away, both the Republican and Democratic presidential nominees are focusing in on key swing states like Wisconsin.
On Wednesday, Democratic nominee Vice President Kamala Harris held a campaign rally in Madison, while the Republican nominee, Former president Donald Trump was at the Resch Center in Ashwaubenon.
Americans are arguably more divided now than ever before. In fact, according to new polling data from Johns Hopkins University, nearly half of the U.S. electorate thinks members of the opposing party aren’t just wrong for politics—they’re “downright evil”.
But do supporters of Trump at the Ashwaubenon rally think the democrats are ‘downright evil’?
“I don’t agree with that because everyone is entitled to their own opinion, and people vote according to what their lifestyle is and what they believe in,” said May Lor.
“I think a lot of them [democrats] mean well, but the loud, obnoxious ones that we see in the media, there are a lot of evil minds there.  But weather or not they are evil people is up for debate,” said Ryan Behnke.
“I think there’s corruption and evil on both sides.  There’s good democrats, there’s good republicans, there’s republicans that aren’t so good and democrats that aren’t so good.  When you start peeling away the layers of both parties, that’s where the real evil is revealed,” said Rick Behnke.
Only one rallygoer gave a straight up ‘yes’ answer; that she thinks the opposite side is evil.
“Seeing what has happened with this country, especially with what’s happening in North Carolina and Tennessee with the hurricanes, to see that they’ve gotten no help whatsoever and how desperate those people are, it’s sickening.”
While the rallygoers were there to see Donald Trump; U.S. Senate Candidate Eric Hovde made an appearance, as did former Green Bay Packers quarterback Brett Favre. Celebrities have been aligning themselves with presidential candidates for over a century; but according to a recent YouGov survey, many Americans think celebrities should stay out of politics.
What do these rallygoers think?
“I like the way Elvis Presley put it; he said ‘I’m an entertainer, people don’t care what I think,'” said Ryan Behnke.
“Definitely they can be involved, but I don’t think it makes a difference because as an individual, we know who we are going to vote for and we know what our candidate is going to do for us,” said May Lor.
“One of my favorite artists back in the day, and still could have been today, was P!nk.  That was until she made a really outlandish comment at one of her concerts, and I can’t get past that,” said Rick Behnke.
“I think they abuse their power as celebrities.  I mean, they don’t come to my house and say ‘Hey can I help you out with this?’ or ‘Can I help you pay your bills for the month?’ or anything like that,” another rallygoer said.
Donald Trump wasn’t the only one who brought some extra star-power to his rally; at the Harris rally in Madison, artists including Gracie Abrams, Mumford & Sons, Remi Wolf and The National’s Matt Berninger and Aaron Dessner were there to perform and share their support for the Vice President.
Both Donald Trump and Kamala Harris will return to Wisconsin again on Friday.  Trump will be in Milwaukee at Fiserv Forum. Harris will also be in Milwaukee in addition to another stop in Outagamie county.
More specific details on her two rallies have yet to be released.
You must be logged in to post a comment.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.