Meghan Trainor is set to perform during the iHeartRadio Jingle Ball 2024 TV special premiering on ABC Wednesday, Dec. 18 at 8 p.m. Eastern Time.(Disney/Christopher Willard)
Hosted by Ryan Seacrest and Elvis Duran, the iHeartRadio Jingle Ball 2024 holiday TV special will officially premiere on ABC Wednesday, Dec. 18 at 8/7c.
This year’s iHeartRadio Jingle Ball will feature performances from Katy Perry, Gracie Abrams, twenty one pilots, Tate McRae, Meghan Trainor, Teddy Swims, T-Pain, Benson Boone, Madison Beer, Kane Brown, Paris Hilton, The Kid LAROI, Shaboozey and NCT Dream.
ABC has stated that viewers can also expect special appearances from Hailey Bieber, Drew Barrymore, Nikki Glaser, Martha Stewart, Kyle Mooney, the Cast of ‘Queer Eye,’ Madison Bailey, Sarah Michelle Geller, Owen Thiele and many more.
Those without basic cable can still live stream the iHeartRadio Jingle Ball special Wednesday night with Fubo or DirecTV Stream. Both offer free trials for new subscribers who can watch for free before committing to a paid subscription.
However, Fubo is the cheaper streaming service with more channel options at $79.99 a month after its 7-day free trial compared to DirecTV Stream’s $101.98 a month after its 5-day free trial.
RELATED: Where can I watch new Hallmark Christmas movies?
Both Fubo and DirecTV Stream are set up like any other streaming service, but rather than offering exclusively on-demand content, they both offer exclusive live TV channels. So like cable, but without the hassle.
Fubo considers itself a sports-focused live streaming service, but overall, its standard package comes with over 100 live TV channels for $79.99 a month after its free trial. These channels include ESPN, ABC, NBC, CBS, TLC, MTV and much more.
Fubo also comes with a variety of shows and movies users can watch on-demand along with the option to record your favorite TV shows.
DirecTV Stream is similar to Fubo in that it offers many of the same channels and features. At 101.98 a month after its free trial, the base package comes with a little over 90 live TV channels.
Those interested can check out all of DirecTV Stream’s channel packages here.
The iHeartRadio Jingle Ball 2024 holiday TV special will take place in New York City’s at Madison Square Garden.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices