Celebrity couples
Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce are celebrating. Earlier this week, the couple attended a big party organized by Kelce himself, who invited their closest friends for an unforgettable night out.
Swift was celebrating the end of her historic Eras tour, with Kelce choosing to celebrate one of the world's largest tours in style. 
Some of the guests of the event, including Patrick and Brittany Mahomes, shared photos of the occasion, showing that Swift and Kelce had an incredible time together.
Images showed that the event was an elegant one, with everyone dressed up for the occasion. Better yet, the event was a theme party, with guests dressing according to Swift's different eras and records.
Brittany wore a sparkly flapper dress that she paired with boots and a sweater, while Mahomes wore a traditional tux. Swift was seen wearing a black dress and enjoying a drink as she hugged her friends for the camera. 
Ashley Avignone shared more photos of the event, revealing that Swift didn't know that a party was being organized for her. 
"When she thought she was going to a small, quiet dinner but it was actually a giant surprise party with her friends and family, props included," wrote Avignone in her post's caption. 
Her images showed Swift alongside the Haim sisters, Kelce holding on to a mic and placing a top hat atop of Swift's head, and plenty of fun photos that showed the group having the best time.
Jo-Jo Edwards-Helaire, the wife of one of Kelce's teammates, revealed that the event was organized by Kelce. 
“It was, a congratulations party. And a surprise from Trav," she wrote.
Swift's Eras tour was incredibly lengthy and prolific, made up of 149 shows on different continents and earning $2,077,618,725 in ticket sales, according to The New York Times.
Gracie Abrams, who opened for many of Swift's concert, was the opener at the final show. She revealed that the mood was emotional during the last performance. 
“Everyone had been crying all day. It felt like the last day of school backstage,” she said to The Hollywood Reporter. 
“Everyone was walking around with their [Eras Tour] books, signing each other’s books. We were all walking around with Sharpies.” 
© ¡HOLA! Reproduction of this article and its photographs in whole or in part is prohibited, even when citing their source.