Shoutout to Pam from The US Office
Please grab your nearest available emotional support pillow (or force your cat who definitely doesn't hate you to come cuddle), because the Eras Tour is over. After close to 150 shows across the globe, Taylor Swift wrapped up her biggest and most ambitious tour yet with one last show in Vancouver on 8th December. And naturally the audience was full with celebrities who flew up to Canada for a chance to see her perform the Eras Tour one last time. 
Some celebs who were spotted? Aubrey Plaza:
Pearl Jam's Eddie Vedder and The Office's Jenna Fischer:
Gracie Abrams was there:
Santa and his elf:
Now that Taylor has wrapped up the Eras tour, her plans for the future are pretty wide open. Of course, she has the Grammys coming up — where she's nominated for six awards for her work on The Tortured Poets Department, including Record of the Year, Album of the Year, Song of the Year, Best Pop Duo/Group Performance, Best Pop Vocal Album, and Best Music Video.
Tay spoke about the nominations to fans in Toronto back in November, saying "I wrote that album, made that album, all trying to keep it a secret from you guys. And then announced the album, and then we basically were, like, working really hard to secretly put together a new chapter in the Eras Tour of The Tortured Poets Department, and we wanted to surprise you with it, and we did. And you guys have been so wonderful about digging into this album and really understanding where I was coming from with it. 
"You made it by far the biggest debut week I've ever had with an album and you kept that album at number one for nearly four months. And the most recent thing that you did, because everything that happens is a direct reflection of the passion that you show, is you guys got this album nominated for six Grammys. It's so unbelievable, so thank you."
Another Simple Favor’s ending is wild, guys
Doctor Who season 2 episode release schedule
Vick Hope and Calvin Harris relationship timeline
MAFSAU's Jamie's 7 best moments 
Why we need the Desperate Housewives revival
The 8 biggest MAFS Australia scandals
How to watch Another Simple Favor
Why MAFSAU's Awhina should have married Tim
Where you know the cast of The Four Seasons from
The best TV dramas to watch on Netflix, BBC & more
Who is MAFSAU’s Hannah Renée? 
The biggest MAFSAU dinner party fights of all time
Cosmopolitan, Part of the Hearst UK Fashion & Beauty Network
Cosmopolitan participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England 112955. All Rights Reserved.