Sign up to our free daily newsletter for daily roundups of the biggest headlines and breaking news from SurreyLive
We have more newsletters
Sign up to our free daily newsletter for daily roundups of the biggest headlines and breaking news from SurreyLive
We have more newsletters
Taylor Swift and Gracie Abrams thrilled fans with a surprise duet of their Grammy-nominated hit song Us this weekend. The duo, who are close friends, performed at Swift's third Eras tour night in Toronto on November 16. 
Despite being widely-known as Swift's opening act since the beginning of the tour in 2023, Gracie has her own successful musical career and strong ties to Hollywood. 
The 25-year-old singer-songwriter is the daughter of Star Wars filmmaker J.J Abrams and film and TV producer Katie McGrath. Although she has tried to separate her famous parents from her career, her dad's fame is difficult to hide from. 
Known for his contribution to the Star Wars franchise, J.J was born to TV producer parents Gerald W. and Carol Ann Abrams. The 58-year-old filmmaker broke into the entertainment industry at just 16 years old when he composed music for the sci-fi horror film Nightbeast. 
He has since helmed beloved flicks, including Star Wars: The Force Awakens, Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker, Star Trek and Star Trek Into Darkness. 
J.J is also the producer behind the hit drama Lost, which gained over 50 Emmy Award nominations during its six-season run and has an almost perfect 90% audience rating on Rotten Tomatoes. 
Gracie previously revealed that growing up around her father's creative career influences the storytelling in her songs. Speaking to IHeartRadio Canada in 2022, she said: "I think that having that [her dad] in my childhood solidified my love and appreciation for storytelling [...] and influenced the fact that I did it all the time."
Although she credits her dad's creative influence on her work, the I Love You, I'm Sorry singer has also admitted that she wanted to distance from her parents' fame at the beginning of her career.
She told the Independent in 2022: “In previous years, I’ve tried really hard to keep them as far away as possible, and they’re really respectful of that. I definitely was really insecure at the idea of anyone thinking that [...] I was afraid for people who didn’t know me to know that my dad works in entertainment."
She added: “The older I’ve got, the more I see my parents as people and not just my parents. I should have asked them for advice more often than I did."
Despite building an impressive fanbase, which rakes in 35.9 million monthly listeners on Spotify, Gracie has previously come under fire for being a 'nepo baby.' The term is used to refer to children of celebrities who seemingly use their parents' access to gain entry into the entertainment industry. 
In 2023, she admitted that she understands how having famous parents "looks from the outside". Speaking to Rolling Stone, she opened up: “Obviously we can’t control where we are born into, and there are a million visible and even more invisible advantages to having family members who are in any entertainment industry.
“I know how hard I work, and I know how separate I’ve kept [my parents] from every conversation about anything career wise, but of course you can understand what it looks like from the outside.”
 Gracie released her second album, The Secret of Us, this summer. The pop record was largely praised, earning a four-star rating from NME magazine. 
She is set to tour Europe and the UK in 2025, performing in London, Manchester and Glasgow.