Taylor Swift may have just jetted out of the UK, but that doesn't mean her fans can't keep up with her. The Eras Tour has finally come to an end on this side of the planet, but there are still a few more shows around the world.
A couple of them are taking place in Miami, Florida, and Wowcher has just revealed a brand new way to attend one of these shows with some extra goodies to help.
The online deals giant has launched a brand new competition giving fans the chance to bag two tickets to Taylor Swift's Eras Tour gig in Miami on Saturday, October 19, 2024 - but that's not all.
The lucky winner will also be treated to return flights from a UK airport, £500 spending money, resort transfers, and an airport lounge. Incredibly, there's even more, as you'll also score a hotel stay.
The winner will also enjoy a room at the Ritz Carlton on Miami Beach. This five-star hotel experience will include a king-sized room complete with breakfast.
  Don't miss...    Taylor Swift 'devastated' over axed shows and explains silence over terror plot  
Entries for the Wowcher competition are available right now, starting at just £10.
There are even more ticket options on offer if you want to really try your luck at winning this thrilling event, as well.
But, first, here's the link you need if you want to snap up your tickets right now:
Buy tickets to Wowcher's Taylor Swift competition for Miami here.
  Don't miss...    Jonathan Ross' daughter Honey takes veiled dig at dad at Taylor Swift gig  
We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy
Swifties currently have three options to buy tickets for the Wowcher competition.
The first is the £10 ticket option, which gives fans 40 entries, working out at around 25p per entry.
The second option is £20, providing you with 140 entries. This equates to around 14p per entry.
Lastly, fans can grab 400 entries for just £29, which works out to about 7p per entry. This is clearly the best value, but it's also the priciest.
Fans should mull over their choice carefully. In the meantime, you can check out the full list of terms and conditions on Wowcher's Taylor Swift page here.
Alternatively, we've got the complete rundown of competition details below:
Taylor Swift tickets have been hard to come by but you can still secure your own tickets at her last 2024 Eras Tour shows in the UK using viagogo.
Click here to get yours now. 
Vivid Seats is also a ticket resale website that is selling Taylor Swift tickets to fans through the second-hand market.
Click here to get yours now.
For Taylor Swift fans who'd prefer to buy their own tickets for the upcoming Miami gig, we've got your back.
However, bear in mind that these tickets are sold through resale websites like viagogo.
While prices are sometimes a little steeper, that's because the tickets are being bought and sold by fans, not official retailers.
If you're okay with that, there's a wealth of options available right now. Here are the links:
VIAGOGO - Buy Taylor Swift resale tickets here.
VIVID SEATS - Buy Taylor Swift resale tickets here.
STUBHUB - Buy Taylor Swift resale tickets here.
Sites such as viagogo and Vivid Seats allow fans to buy resale tickets from other fans. However, it is important to note that many event promoters say tickets should not be resold after initial purchase and will not be valid for admittance to gigs.
Fans attending live events with tickets acquired through resale websites are advised to double-check the ticket terms and conditions at the point of sale - such as Ticketmaster or Live Nation - to ensure a smooth live event experience. Tickets could be voided if they were found to be bought second-hand. As a result, fans are buying at their own risk.
With that said, viagogo also commented: "viagogo is a regulated marketplace where fans have the freedom to buy and sell tickets to their favourite live events, safely and securely, backed by a guarantee."
SEARCH
CONNECT WITH US
TODAY'S PAPER
 See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive.
EXPRESS.CO.UK
Daily Express uses notifications to keep you updated