Taylor Swift's run of six concerts in Toronto, Canada, start on Thursday, Nov. 14, 2024. Here, she performs at Wembley Stadium as part of "The Eras Tour" on June 21, 2024, in London, England.Scott A Garfitt/Invision/AP
It is the beginning of the end.
Taylor Swift will perform six concerts in Toronto, Canada, starting on Thursday, Nov. 14. 
After those six shows, only three more remain - in Vancouver, Canada.
This is it - only nine more opportunities to see the record-breaking, history-making, sold-out “Eras Tour.” Don’t procrastinate - even tickets on secondary market sites will sell out eventually.
Opening will be Gracie Abrams.
Fans can buy tickets here (prices are as of the time of this publication):
Thursday, Nov. 14 - Rogers Centre, Toronto, Canada
Friday, Nov. 15 - Rogers Centre, Toronto, Canada
Saturday, Nov. 16 - Rogers Centre, Toronto, Canada
Thursday, Nov. 21 - Rogers Centre, Toronto, Canada
Friday, Nov. 22 - Rogers Centre, Toronto, Canada
Saturday, Nov. 23 - Rogers Centre, Toronto, Canada 
Friday, Dec. 6 - BC Place Stadium, Vancouver, Canada
Saturday, Dec. 7 - BC Place Stadium, Vancouver, Canada
Sunday, Dec. 8 - BC Place Stadium, Vancouver, Canada
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices