The Notting Hill star watched the show with Travis Kelce, Tom Cruise & more stars in a VIP tent.

													By
												

	Hannah Dailey


	If you look for it, you’ll find that love actually is all around — especially between Taylor Swift and Hugh Grant.

	Over the weekend, the 63-year-old actor was one of many stars in attendance at the 34-year-old pop star’s Eras Tour shows in London, where he watched from a VIP tent alongside Tom Cruise, Greta Gerwig, Ashton Kutcher and Mila Kunis. On Sunday, Grant took to X to sing Swift’s praises, writing, “Thanks so much from one ageing London boy, wife and thrilled 8 year old #halfgirlhalfbracelet.”

	It also seems as though the Notting Hill heartthrob — who shares three kids with his wife, producer Anna Eberstein — got some quality time with the 14-time Grammy winner’s beau, Kansas City Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce, at the concert. “You have an incredible show, an amazing and v hospitable team and excellent if gigantic boyfriend,” he added in his tweet. “#tequilashots.”

	










	The next day, Swift responded to the Golden Globe winner’s post to say that his feelings are very much mutual. “As a long time Hugh Grant stan this tweet is very important to my culture,” she quipped Monday.




			Trending on Billboard		






	Grant and his tentmates attended the second of the musician’s three nights at Wembley Stadium, to which Swift will return for five more Eras shows in August. Prince William and his children Prince George and Princess Charlotte were present for opening night, while Sir Paul McCartney was spotted dancing and trading friendship bracelets with Swifties on closing.

	Swift’s tenure at the venue was filled with surprises, including acoustic duets with Paramore’s Hayley Williams and Gracie Abrams. Most notable, however, was Kelce’s hilarious on-stage cameo in between “The Smallest Man Who Ever Lived” and “I Can Do It With a Broken Heart” on night three, during which he carried his superstar girlfriend in his arms and playfully coached her on her dancing.

	“I’m still cracking up/swooning over @killatrav’s Eras Tour debut,” Swift later wrote on Instagram. “Looking out into crowds of 90,000 fans each night and hearing that VOLUME… Those were some of the loudest crowds I’ve ever heard … Never going to forget these shows.”

	See Grant and Swift’s tweets — plus footage of the former enjoying the latter’s show — below.
As a long time Hugh Grant stan this tweet is very important to my culture
my scream i could not believe 2/3 of my favourite men ever were in the VIP tent across from me #hughgrant #gretagerwig #theerastour #taylorswift #erastourlondon #theerastourlondon #london #wembley #folklore #red #midnights #ttpd #thetorturedpoetsdepartment 
What a night #traviskelce #tstheerastour #taylorswiftlondon 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.