By TERRY ZELLER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  23:24, 10 July 2024   |  Updated:  23:30, 10 July 2024   
 18
View  comments
All Savannah Guthrie wanted for Christmas was her two front teeth — or at least a molar —  after losing one at her holiday party.
The 52-year-old TV host revealed she lost a tooth while celebrating at the Today show's Christmas party during her appearance on Tuesday's Watch What Happens Live.
'It did happen,' Guthrie replied after a caller inquired about the incident. 'That was the Christmas party, which when you're at the Today show Christmas party, it starts at, like, 3 p.m. A lot of day drinking,' 
She and co-guest Hoda Kotb then reminisced about being among the last ones standing, along with their colleagues Sheinelle Jones, Dylan Dreyer, Jenna Bush Hager, and Laura Jarrett. 
'Anyway, we all left and the next thing I know, the morning I wake up, I’m like, "I feel like something’s missing,"' she recalled. 'It was a molar and I was like, "Where is it?" And they were like, "Maybe it's at the Pebble Bar." It was gone.' 
Savannah Guthrie revealed she lost a tooth while celebrating at the Today show's Christmas party during her appearance on Tuesday's Watch What Happens Live alongside her co-anchor Hoda Kotb; (pictured 2022)
'That was the Christmas party, which when you're at the Today show Christmas party, it starts at, like, 3 p.m. A lot of day drinking,' she explained; (pictured April)
Since it happened around the holidays, Guthrie admitted that she 'let it go for weeks,' while Kotb insisted it was 'longer than weeks.' 
'I was like, "Go to the dentist!"' Kotb added.
Guthrie contended that 'you couldn't see it' since it was a molar. 
On last night’s episode, host Andy Cohen also disclosed that Carson Daly, from Today, 'refuses'  to make an appearance on Watch What Happens Live. 
'We’ve asked so many times. I’ve talked to him about it. He’s just like — he’s scared,' Cohen added. 
'He thinks I’m gonna dredge up all the mess. But I don’t think there’s any mess to dredge.'
Savannah's milar mishap reveal comes after she and her husband Michael Feldman celebrated their 10th anniversary. 
The broadcast journalist and the 55-year-old PR consultant each posted heartfelt tributes on Instagram in March, featuring photos from their 2014 wedding ceremony in Guthrie's hometown of Tucson, Arizona. 
She and Kotb then reminisced about being among the last ones standing, along with their colleagues Sheinelle Jones, Dylan Dreyer, Jenna Bush Hager , and Laura Jarrett; (pictured with Gracie Abrams and Hoda Kotb in June)
Savannah and her husband Michael Feldman celebrated their 10th wedding anniversary by posting tributes to Instagram in March 
The happy couple welcomed Vale in 2014 before adding Charley to their family two years later 
The journalist went on to share a pair of snaps featuring the couple's daughter Vale, 9, and their son Charley, 7. 
Guthrie also penned an affectionate message in her post's caption, which read: 'This was us - ten years ago today! And this is us now. I love you now and forever.' 
Guthrie and Feldman started dating in 2009 and got engaged in 2013. 
Prior to this, Guthrie was married to news presenter Mark Orchard from 2005 to 2009. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group