By CASSIE CARPENTER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  00:20, 14 May 2024   |  Updated:  00:57, 14 May 2024   
 38
View  comments
Taylor Swift has plans for 'Female Rage: The Musical' - the nickname she coined for the newly-added section of her Eras Tour devoted to her 11th studio album Tortured Poets Department.
The 34-year-old pop star officially filed a trademark application for 'Female Rage: The Musical' last week through her limited liability company, TAS Rights Management - according to TMZ.
Taylor will likely parlay FRTM into possible future musical recordings, video recordings, merchandise, or perhaps a full-blown musical adaptation as some muse on Reddit.
Swift brought up the moniker in her Instagram post Sunday thanking 'everyone who made these memories so magical. To my crew, fellow performers, and band who worked tirelessly in their break to concoct this surprise for you' in Paris.
The 14-time Grammy winner added seven brand new songs - rumored to be inspired by her two-month fling with 1975 frontman Matty Healy - as well as costume changes, choreography, a Hollywood sign backdrop, and a large UFO set piece to freshen up the long-running tour.
Taylor Swift has plans for 'Female Rage: The Musical' - the nickname she coined for the newly-added section of her Eras Tour devoted to her 11th studio album Tortured Poets Department
Taylor is next scheduled to bring her $1.039B-grossing, 152-date The Eras Tour to Sweden's Friends Arena in Stockholm this Friday, Saturday, and Sunday.
'I'm so fired up to play this for every crowd on the tour,' Swift - who boasts 551M social media followers - gushed.
'See you very soon, Stockholm!'
The Emmy-winning producer has just two more archival albums (Taylor Swift and Reputation) to re-record after losing the rights to the first six of her master recordings by her underhanded ex-manager Scooter Braun.
On the personal front, Taylor and three-time Super Bowl champion Travis Kelce will celebrate their first anniversary of dating this July.
Swift's former Eras Tour opener Gracie Abrams announced Monday that she will appear as a featured artist on her new song Us off her debut studio album dropping June 21.
'All I can tell you for now is that some of the most fun I've ever had in my whole entire life was writing this song together,' the 24-year-old Grammy nominee - who's J.J. Abrams' nepo-baby - gushed via Instastory.
'Hands down. I am currently smiling and sweating thinking about it and I'll never get over the shock of seeing this one on the track list. You know how I feel.'
The 34-year-old pop star officially filed a trademark application for 'Female Rage: The Musical' last week through her limited liability company, TAS Rights Management
Taylor will likely parlay FRTM into possible future musical recordings, video recordings, merchandise, or perhaps a full-blown musical adaptation as some muse on Reddit
Swift brought up the moniker in her Instagram post Sunday thanking 'everyone who made these memories so magical. To my crew, fellow performers, and band who worked tirelessly in their break to concoct this surprise for you' in Paris
The 14-time Grammy winner added seven brand new songs - rumored to be inspired by her two-month fling with 1975 frontman Matty Healy - as well as costume changes, choreography, a Hollywood sign backdrop, and a large UFO set piece to freshen up the long-running tour
Taylor is next scheduled to bring her $1.039B-grossing, 152-date The Eras Tour to Sweden's Friends Arena in Stockholm this Friday, Saturday, and Sunday
Swift's former Eras Tour opener Gracie Abrams announced Monday that she will appear as a featured artist on her new song Us off her debut studio album dropping June 21
The 24-year-old Grammy nominee (R, pictured in 2023) gushed: 'All I can tell you for now is that some of the most fun I've ever had in my whole entire life was writing this song together. Hands down. I am currently smiling and sweating thinking about it and I'll never get over the shock of seeing this one on the track list. You know how I feel'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group