Taylor Swift evoked a brief but poignant love letter to the city of New Orleans and the people who live here Friday when she opened the first night of The Eras Tour. 
Dressed in a bedazzled silver blazer and matching mini skirt, Swift belted "Miss Americana & the Heartbreak Prince" as she strutted across the stage at the Caesars Superdome.
After following with "Cruel Summer" from her "Lover" album, Swift took a moment to address the more than 65,000 screaming fans chanting every line with her. 
In that moment, Swift, 34, explained why she chose New Orleans as one of the last U.S. cities for the tour, which has broken records across the world.
"We've got to end (The Eras Tour) in the most fun cities with the most passionate fans," Swift said. "So, we said we've got to come see you in beautiful New Orleans, Louisiana." 
Later in the concert, Swift also acknowledged the inflatable friendship bracelets adorning the outside of the Superdome.
“I showed up one day and you just were trading friendship bracelets ... and now there’s friendship bracelets hanging outside this stadium," she said. "It’s so nice that they did that for us.”
Swift also has another reason to love New Orleans. Her backup dancer, Kameron Saunders, has ties to the city. His younger brother, Khalen Saunders, is a defensive tackle for the New Orleans Saints. 
Kameron has catapulted to fame in his own right with his fun interjections during Swift's performances of "We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together." His sassy lines during the New Orleans show Friday night garnered cheers from the audience.
Swift is no stranger to the Crescent City. She celebrated her 33rd birthday here and visited recording studios, saw a show at Preservation Hall and dined at some of New Orleans' most popular restaurants. 
The Eras Tour will continue on in New Orleans through Sunday night. Singer-songwriter Gracie Abrams is opening for Swift.
Gracie Abrams performs the opening act of Taylor Swift's Eras Tour concert at the Caesars Superdome in New Orleans, Friday, Oct. 25, 2024. (Photo by Sophia Germer, The Times-Picayune)
Go here for more updates from Night One.
Email Julia Guilbeau at jguilbeau@theadvocate.com.
After more than a year of anticipation, Taylor Swift’s The Eras Tour finally came alive in New Orleans on Friday for the first of her unpreced…
News Tips:nolanewstips@theadvocate.com
Other questions:subscriberservices@theadvocate.com
Need help? 
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: