Three of Taylor Swift's last six concerts in the "Eras Tour" are this week in Toronto, Canada. Those shows are on Nov. 21, 22 and 23. In this photo, she performs at Rogers Centre on Nov. 14, 2024, in Toronto, Ontario.Emma McIntyre/Getty Images
Three of the last six Taylor Swift concerts on the “Eras Tour” are this week in Toronto, Canada.
She will perform Thursday, Nov. 21; Friday, Nov. 22; and Saturday, Nov. 23, at Rogers Centre.
After Toronto, Swift has just three more concerts on the tour in Vancouver, Canada.
Opening will be Gracie Abrams.
Although the tour is sold out, fans can buy tickets on secondary market sites. The lowest price today has fallen under $1,000 - $922 on Viagogo for the Nov. 21 show.
Fans can buy tickets to the LAST six “Eras Tour” concerts here:
Thursday, Nov. 21 - Rogers Centre, Toronto, Canada
Friday, Nov. 22 - Rogers Centre, Toronto, Canada
Saturday, Nov. 23 - Rogers Centre, Toronto, Canada
Friday, Dec. 6 - BC Place Stadium, Vancouver, Canada
Saturday, Dec. 7 - BC Place Stadium, Vancouver, Canada
Sunday, Dec. 8 - BC Place Stadium, Vancouver, Canada
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices