By VALERIA GARCIA FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  03:00, 17 August 2024   |  Updated:  03:07, 17 August 2024   
 29
View  comments
Glen Powell admitted to fans that a steamy scene was cut from his latest film Twisters.
The hunky actor, 35 — who was recently caught 'flirting all night' with Gracie Abrams — told Screen Rant on Friday that executive producer Steven Spielberg pulled his kissing scene with co-star Daisy Edgar-Jones because it was 'too cliché.'
Fans were devastated to find out that the two leads never kiss, especially because it would have given the film a happy ending.
'I'm taking it very personally,' Glen quipped.
'I'm sure you've seen the behind-the-scenes, where I did get to kiss Daisy Edgar-Jones, which really is all that counts. [Laughs] We had a great time, and I'm really proud of the movie,' he explained to the outlet. 
Glen Powell admitted to fans that a steamy scene with co-star Daisy Edgar-Jones was cut from his latest film Twisters
The Top Gun: Maverick star said that fan's response to the scene being cut 'shows that people care, which is really great.'
He continued: 'I just love how excited people have gotten about that movie, and Daisy and I send each other the TikToks and the gifs. There's so much funny stuff coming out of it. It's fun. 
'That's what summer movies are about. It creates this conversation and cultural moment, and people dress up and do the thing. It's been really awesome. So, kiss or no kiss, everybody's a winner,' he said.
As to why she thinks the hotly anticipated scene was pulled, Daisy hinted at a sequel in another interview with Collider saying it 'isn't the end of their story.'
The 26-year-old actress said: 'I think there's something really wonderful about it feeling like there's a continuation. This isn't the end of their story. They're united by their shared passion for something.'
Glen chimed in, 'I also think that this movie is not about them finding love. It's returning Kate to the thing that she loves, which is storm chasing. So that's what you have at the end of the movie. 
'They share this thing, and her passion is reinvigorated, and her sense of home is reinvigorated. I feel like a kiss would be sort of unrepresentative of the right goal at the end of the movie. And it is a good Spielberg note. It's why that kid is still in this game. It's amazing,' he said. 
The hunky actor, 35, told Screen Rant on Friday that executive producer Steven Spielberg pulled his kissing scene with Edgar-Jones because it was 'too cliché'
'I'm sure you've seen the behind-the-scenes, where I did get to kiss Daisy Edgar-Jones, which really is all that counts. [Laughs] We had a great time, and I'm really proud of the movie,' he explained to the outlet 
The Top Gun: Maverick star said that fan's response to the scene being cut 'shows that people care, which is really great' 
Per IMDB Twisters follows Daisy's character, 'a former storm chaser haunted by a devastating encounter with a tornado during her college years who now studies storm patterns on screens safely in New York City. She is lured back to the open plains by her friend to test a groundbreaking new tracking system. 
'There, she crosses paths with Tyler Owens (Glen Powell), the charming and reckless social-media superstar who thrives on posting his storm-chasing adventures with his raucous crew, the more dangerous the better.'
The action-thriller film was released on July 19 and also stars Anthony Ramos, Brandon Perea, Maura Tierney and Sasha Lane. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group