Fans who may have missed Noah Kahan’s sold-out shows at Fenway Park in July have another chance to feel the magic of his performances this summer.
The New England native announced via social media on Wednesday that he is releasing a live album featuring tunes from his recent Boston concerts. Titled “Live From Fenway Park,” the album is now available for fans to pre-save on music streaming services and is set for an official release on Aug. 30.
A post shared by Noah Kahan (@noahkahanmusic)
In addition to the more than 30,000 fans who attended each night, the two shows at Fenway were live-streamed through noahkahanfenway.com, with a portion of the proceeds going to The Busyhead Project, a nonprofit mental health foundation founded by Kahan.
“Every day I think about playing [F]enway,” Kahan wrote in his Instagram caption. “I can’t even look at photos without crying.”
“It is a permanent part of my soul, and [I’m] so proud to announce it will be a permanent part of my discography,” he added.
Advertisement
Kahan’s two-night stint at Fenway featured top hits off his 2022 album “Stick Season,” as well as a few unreleased tracks and appearances by guests stars Gracie Abrams and The Lumineers during night one on July 18. While his second night at Fenway on July 19 might not have featured any celebrity guests, Kahan was joined onstage by his family, who danced and sang as he performed the album’s titular track, “Stick Season,” as the finale.
A Vermont native who now lives in Watertown, Kahan’s lyrics often draw inspiration from his New England roots, which made Fenway the perfect hometown show for him.
Advertisement
“There will never be words for the last two nights,” Kahan wrote in an Instagram post after the shows in July. “To finish off [two] years and over 200 shows at the church of New England will be something I’ll tell my grandchildren about.”
“I am so grateful for this life, for these fans, to this unbelievable opportunity I’ve been blessed with,” he added. “Thank you for helping me find my voice again. Until next time, Boston.”
A post shared by Noah Kahan (@noahkahanmusic)
Arushi Jacob can be reached at arushi.jacob@globe.com.
Digital Access
Home Delivery
Gift Subscriptions
Log In
Manage My Account
Customer Service
Delivery Issues
Feedback
News Tips
Help & FAQs
Staff List
Advertise
Newsletters
View the ePaper
Order Back Issues
News in Education
Search the Archives
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Terms of Purchase
Work at Boston Globe Media
Internship Program
Co-op Program
Do Not Sell My Personal Information