In the months since Paul Mescal and Gracie Abrams’s conspicuously distanced London shopping date this past July, the internet has spent much time and energy ruminating on the cosmic coupling of a hot-shot Oscar-nominated actor and a Taylor-Swift-affiliated singer-songwriter. They’ve since inspired their fans’ tongue-wagging with a number of more explicitly joint appearances: They went on a double date with Mescal’s Normal People costar Daisy Edgar-Jones and her photographer boyfriend Ben Seed to see Mitski’s headlining set at a music festival in the English capital (Mescal is famously a fan); per the Daily Mail, they recently enjoyed “a VERY tactile outing” out in New York City.
This week, the duo departed the Bowery Hotel in Manhattan—where Abrams took the stage at Radio City Music Hall over the weekend—wearing a pair of sharply tuned autumnal ensembles. Mescal wore an eggplant-hued cardigan, black leather boots, and a graphic tee from The Clash’s 1983 Combat Rock tour, which he belted into his center-creased khakis. He accessorized with Jacques Marie Mage sunglasses and, somewhat curiously, a Boston Red Sox hat—a departure from his usual Aimé Leon Dore-branded Mets cap just as the latter team looks to extend a scrappy postseason run.
Abrams, meanwhile, sported a cerulean top, navy low-rise slacks, brown Puma Speedcat sneakers, and Persol wire-rimmed shades. Over top, she layered a navy V-neck sweater worn in the Bieberian style—which is to say, she looped her head through its neckline but left her arms dangling freely below the bottom hem, leaving the bulk of the sweater gathered around her upper torso like a shawl.
Mescal also embraced transitional shoulder-season dressing earlier this week, when he wore a balmier variation of the ideal fall outfit—a hoodie and shorts—on a food run in NYC. Carrying a takeout bag from the Middle Eastern bakery Librae in NoHo, the actor wore a threadbare gray cropped tee layered over a white long-sleeve T-shirt, with his usual Gaelic football shorts, white Nike socks, and black Adidas Spezials.
This Is the Coolest Way to Wear Jeans in 2025
Justin Bieber’s Most Normal Outfit in Ages Is Worth Copying All Spring
Inside the Fight to Save American Selvedge Denim
Nike Is Dropping a GoldenEye 007-Themed Air Max 1 This Week
Tuxedo vs. Suit: A 101 Guide to Men’s Formal Dress Codes
Sign up for Show Notes to get news on the latest runway shows, parties, and insider events on the international fashion circuit.
More From GQ
Connect
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. GQ may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices