Travis Kelce pulled out all the stops for Taylor Swift’s 35th birthday Friday night, Page Six has exclusively learned.
We’re told the pop superstar and Kansas City Chief tight end, also 35, rang in the milestone at a private celebration “just them two.”
“He got her a ton of gifts,” a source exclusively tells Page Six. 
There was speculation online as to whether Kelce had to skip out on Swift’s birthday plans since he was spotted on Chiefs heiress Gracie Hunt’s Instagram Story attending a Christmas party for the NFL team.
However, our insider confirms that while that engagement was “mandatory,” the Super Bowl champ made sure to “leave early to go be with Taylor for her birthday.”
Page Six has reached out to reps for both stars but did not immediately hear back.
Swift had a lot to celebrate after wrapping up her blockbuster Eras Tour in Vancouver, BC, on Dec. 8.
The record-breaking tour raked in over $2 billion in ticket sales, “double the gross ticket sales of any other concert tour in history,” per the New York Times.
The “Cruel Summer” singer performed 149 shows over nearly two years before taking her final bow last weekend.
While boyfriend Travis Kelce couldn’t attend her final show, we’re told the Kansas City Chiefs star always wanted to make Swift’s “milestone birthday” “extra special.”
“Travis has only let a few of those closest to him know what he has in store for Taylor because he doesn’t want to ruin any surprises,” an insider told us last week. 
Our source said the tight end, 35, had “been shopping for Christmas and birthday gifts for Taylor for quite a while.”
“[He is] not the type to leave these things to the last minute so he’s been picking up items here and there for the past several months whenever he has a chance,” they shared, noting that some of the “gifts are things Taylor has casually mentioned she would like.”
“Travis makes sure to always listen even when Taylor doesn’t realize he is.”
The Chiefs have an away game against the Cleveland Browns on Sunday and play the Steelers on Christmas Day. 
Despite his busy schedule, we were told the NFL star made it a priority to “take time out to celebrate both occasions with [Swift].”
Last year, Swift and Kelce spent her birthday apart due to his football commitments.
Instead, the “Fornight” singer celebrated her big day at New York City’s The Box alongside some of her A-list pals — including Sabrina Carpenter, Blake Lively, Zoë Kravitz, Gigi Hadid and Gracie Abrams. 
The hitmaker dazzled in a black minidress with beaded silver stars, which she paired with a black fur coat. 
She accessorized the fun look with sky-high heels, simple jewelry and a sparkling silver bag.
The following day, Swift posted a carousel of photos from the fun night, thanking fans for their “beautiful birthday wishes.”
Advertisement