It finally happened: Our Gen-z column was recognized for the masterclass in journalism that it is, and we were invited to report on the Eras tour. (By Taylor Swift herself? No…but we digress.)
We hope that you have as much fun reading this as we did attending the concert—although, let’s be real, Eras is a once-in-a-lifetime experience and we do this column fairly regularly. But enough with the preamble: Here’s our full account of Eras Night 2 in Miami. (Also, Taylor, if you are reading this: Hi, we love you!)
Irene Kim: We’re in our pre-booked Uber Shuttle to Hard Rock Stadium from the Fontainebleau Miami Beach, where the shuttles for The Eras tour are being organized. Speaking as a Miami regular (I’ve been here twice this year), the usual 30-minute car ride is now an hour long.
Florence O'Connor: Everyone knows the worst part of going to a concert is the transportation there and back; Uber Shuttle is really out here saving lives. And let me tell you there’s nothing like being on a bus full of Swifties to get you even more excited for a Taylor Swift concert. We scream “Lover” while we stick gems on each other’s faces and trade friendship bracelets. Truly, the comradery on this shuttle could end wars.
Florence putting face gems on Irene.
Kim: I can’t actually stick the gems on myself, but Florence—who was cheer captain in high school—is REALLY good at doing it. It’s all very girlhood, and definitely has me feeling like we’re getting ready for a football game together.
O'Connor: Turns out I’m not afraid of crowds...I’m just afraid of men.
Kim: Everyone here is so nice. This is why the internet is always saying that the Swifties could unite America, because there is not a single fight breaking out on line for the bathroom or for food. We’re also witnessing the kids below us trading friendship bracelets, which makes me want to get in on the action. I muster the courage to talk to the pre-teens in the suite next to us.
We were inspired to get flash tattoos after Taylor herself sported flash freckles at a Kansas City Chiefs game.
O'Connor: Irene spends a good 10 minutes trying to become friends with these 10-year-olds. She’s giving them friendship bracelets, flash tattoos, and even sunglasses! I swear, one more heart-hand exchange and she would have given them her credit card.
Kim: It was so cute. Turns out, though, that Gen Alpha doesn’t know how to make the Gen-Z heart. They just make the classic heart, and are confused when I send them a Gen-Z heart back.
Irene risking her life to swap friendship bracelets with the 10-year-olds next to us.
O'Connor: True investigative journalism happening over here.
O'Connor: Gracie Abrams has entered the chat. Now, in full transparency, Irene and I did see her at Radio City Music Hall a couple of weeks ago (I swear we have other friends, too…), so we are excited but, you know…we are practically a part of her tour at this point.
Kim: When we saw her last, she mentioned she was surprised that she sold out Radio City. But tonight she has the entire stadium singing along to “21” and “Close to You.” Florence and I also see the bow revolution that took over RCMH a few weeks ago in action in Miami. The first time Florence and I went to the Eras tour, in 2023 (separately), the crowd didn’t feel quite this enthusiastic for Gracie?
O'Connor: We spend a lot of her set trying to spot Paul Mescal..but no dice.
O'Connor: Picture this. I’m in line for the bathroom and I get a text from Irene, saying that the countdown is on: 2:23 minutes until Taylor steps on stage. Chaos erupts. But instead of turning against each other in this moment of panic, the Swifites come together. “We’ve got this,” someone cries behind me. “Just pee super quickly!” “We are in this together,” the 11-year-old girl in front of me promises—once again proving that Swifities can overcome anything.
The text thread between Florence and Irene while Florence waits to enter the bathroom.
Kim: Florence RUNS back to the suite, arriving just in time for Taylor to perform the first song: ”Miss Americana and the Heartbreak Prince.” There are very beautiful, cotton candy-colored clouds on the stage before Taylor actually comes out.
Kim: “Love Story” was the first-ever music video I watched on my family’s shared desktop computer (yes, you read that right), and I find it insane that the pre-teens I befriended are also able to sing along to this song??? Also, how do I remember every word of it but none of the pythagorean theorem?
O'Connor: The joy this era brings to me is honestly embarrassing. I even find myself mirroring the little rock-sway Taylor does with her guitar player.
Our ‘Vogue x TS’ and ‘Florene’ friendship bracelets.
O'Connor: Irene and I share an emo moment as we sing “22,” knowing that we’re hours away from our 26th birthdays. Nothing makes you feel old quite like seeing a group of 10-year-olds scream, “It feels like a perfect night /To dress up like hipsters,” knowing that they were still in utero when this song came out.
Kim: Seriously, I am thinking back to my senior year of virtual college, when I was stuck in my apartment with my roommates during the pandemic, singing this song as the countdown to my 22nd birthday began. I will never feel as much joy as I did when I was 22 years old. Now I’m 26, and there is no song for me to sing along to!
Kim: Taylor seems to be taking her time between the eras. She’s showing off her team’s cinematography and production skills, and it feels like I’m watching a film being made in real time. For this era, we watch ballroom dancers dance to the Speak Now intro song as Taylor does her little outfit switcheroo.
O'Connor: I am also especially grateful for these slower transitions as it allows us to take a nice little “should we sit down?” break before she comes back on stage.
Kim: Reputation is one of Taylor’s most underrated albums. Obviously the entire world is wondering when Reputation (Taylor’s Version) will drop, but in my opinion, Taylor wouldn’t want to overshadow Vice President Kamala Harris’s birthday on the 20th. But guess whose birthday is on the 21st…
Irene Slacking her Reputation theories to the editor of Vogue.com mid-concert.
O'Connor: It is also Irene’s birthday on the 20th…an iconic day for iconic women to be born. But when Irene starts Slacking our boss her Reputation theory, I have to gently(-ish) hit her and remind her to live in the moment—even though we’ve both spent a good portion of the night judging Academy Museum gala outfits on the Vogue app.
The Vogue app phone case in the flesh at Hard Rock Stadium. Everyone download and enjoy!
Kim: With Reputation on its way, we need to remember there is nothing Taylor does better than revenge…
O'Connor: Florene (Florence and Irene combined, duh) also does nothing better than revenge!
O'Connor: I was listening to “Invisible String” when I found out I got tickets to Eras back in November 2022, so Folklore will always have a special place in my heart.
Kim: The first time I went to Eras I stood the entire time, but tonight I have to sit during this section. Maybe it’s because I’m drinking champagne (unlike the first time I went, when I was in my no-drinking era)…but I’m also two years older now, so…
O'Connor: To be fair, we’re drinking quite a lot of champagne… It’s our birthdays! Champagne problems, am I right?
O'Connor: I miss her old 1989 outfit; it was so much cuter. I would love to know the thought process behind changing to this skater-skirt situation. Maybe we should reach out to Tree Paine and ask for comment.
Kim: Agreed, but the skater-skirt is perfect for the “Shake It Off” choreography.
O'Connor: Every time I listen to “Blank Space” I feel like I am back in high school, straightening my hair to within an inch of its life and layering on thick black eyeliner in preparation for flirting with senior boys at the Friday night football game. Take me back!
Kim: Sooooo true, Florence. When I went to the 1989 concert in high school, I made my hair pin-straight and wore a striped crop top and super short shorts. Also, can I just say that back in the day I bought Taylor Swift tickets from ticket scalpers right outside of MetLife Stadium, and would sit in section 200 having only paid $150?
Kim: Ah, the album that brought the “Florene” column together. To be honest, this is my least favorite Taylor Swift album, if I have to pick, but I am excited to listen to “Down Bad” live because it is a song that resonates with me 24/7.
O'Connor: How dare you disparage the album that started the greatest thing to ever happen to Vogue.com, Irene!
Taylor Swift performing The Tortured Poets Department in Miami as the Academy Museum gala is happening over in Los Angeles.
Kim: I’m sorry! But can we just talk about how at 10:11 p.m., the Ferragamo press team sent out Joe Alwyn’s Academy Museum outfit details…talk about eerie timing. At 10:28 p.m., Taylor performs “The Smallest Man Who Ever Lived” and “I Can Do It With a Broken Heart.” Ferragamo works hard, but Taylor and Tree work harder, is all I have to say.
O'Connor: We are shocked with not one but two surprises during this set! First, Florence Welch comes out and performs “Florida!!!”—but before we even have a moment to react, BOOM, Florene is surprised with birthday cupcakes! Hearing Taylor Swift and Florence Welch sing “Fuck me up, Florida” while we blow out birthday candles is something I will never forget!
Florence and Irene being surprised with birthday cupcakes during “Florida!!!”
Kim: Best birthday weekend ever. How will we top this next year?? With the Austin Grand Prix?
Kim: Taylor comes out in a new purple dress, so I am 100% sure that she is going to do some surprises from Speak Now—but am totally wrong. Also, this dress reminds me of the Wonderstruck perfume. Did anyone else wear that when they were in high school?
O'Connor: She absolutely wrecks us by playing “loml” x White Horse.” “loml” is so clearly about Joe…maybe she also got the Ferragamo press email and was triggered? The crowd screams extra loudly when she smiles and sings: “I’m gonna find someone someday who might actually treat me well.” #TravisKelce4Ever.
A million hearts for Taylor Swift. But as the Gen Alpha Swifties have determined, the Gen-Z heart is out.
Kim: Midnights is the best album to end the night with. There is no confetti this time around during “Karma,” which I’m sure the Hard Rock Stadium employees are so grateful for.
O'Connor: I do not know how this woman does it. I am exhausted.
The last time that these two editors will see Taylor Swift on The Eras tour.
Kim: I can see why there was a mob the day the Copa America finals took place at Hard Rock—except the Taylor Swift fans are much more civilized! There are a lot of children, so we are extra careful to not push and shove.
O'Connor: Leaving a stadium will never not be hell. All I want is to be back in my cozy Uber Shuttle. We do see a man wearing a “Real Men Vote For Women” shirt as we walk out, though, which we get a good kick out of. Remember to register to vote!
Swifties leaving the Hard Rock Stadium after a magical night at The Eras Tour.
More from Vogue
See More Stories
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Vogue may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
CN Fashion & Beauty