'The Holiday Junkie'
SATURDAY
December 14, 2024
All times Central. Start times can vary based on cable/satellite provider. Confirm times on your on-screen guide.
College Football
ABC, CBS & ESPN, beginning at 11 a.m. Live
The college football bowl-game season kicks off today with the Cricket Celebration Bowl in Atlanta on ABC and the IS4S Salute to Veterans Bowl in Montgomery, Alabama, on ESPN. A great tradition continues in Landover, Maryland, as the Navy Midshipmen take on the Army Black Knights on CBS. The Heisman Trophy is presented to the season’s most outstanding player in a ceremony tonight on ESPN.
College Basketball
CBS, ESPN, ESPN2 & FOX, beginning at 11 a.m. Live
Top college basketball matchups today include Texas A&M at Purdue (CBS), Ohio State at Auburn (ESPN2), UCLA at Arizona (ESPN2), Seton Hall at Rutgers (FOX), NC State at Kansas (ESPN), Louisville at Kentucky (ESPN), Tennessee at Illinois (FOX) and Gonzaga at UConn (FOX).
Christmas Under the Northern Lights
Great American Family, 7 p.m. ■ Original Film
An author visiting a small town over Christmas is shown the area’s stunning vistas and Northern Lights by a handsome local guide. Jill Wagner and Jesse Hutch star.
The 92nd Annual Hollywood Christmas Parade
The CW, 7 p.m.
Hosted by Dean Cain and Laura McKenzie, along with Montel Williams and Elizabeth Stanton, the parade will feature Hollywood celebrities and movie cars, award-winning bands from across the country, dazzling equestrians, colorful floats and humorous specialty acts.
Saturday Night’s Main Event
NBC, 7 p.m. Live
WWE’s iconic Saturday Night’s Main Event, which originally ran on NBC from 1985 to 1992, returns in this special taking place at Nassau Veterans Memorial Coliseum on Long Island, New York, the site of the first-ever Main Event. Going forward, Main Event specials will air quarterly on NBC as part of WWE’s new partnership with NBCUniversal.
The Santa Class
Hallmark Channel, 7 p.m. ■ Original Film
After Kate (Kimberley Sustad) reluctantly takes over her father’s once-acclaimed but now-struggling Santa School, she and her new co-worker (Benjamin Ayres) discover a man they believe to be the real Santa Claus, who has lost his memories after his sled crashed near the school. With the fate of Christmas at stake, they decide to invite him to participate in their school’s intense Santa training program in order to help him remember who he is.
The Holiday Junkie
Lifetime, 7 p.m. ■ Original Film
Jennifer Love Hewitt stars as Andie, whose business, Holiday Junkie, is hired to fill a family’s large, lavish home with Christmas spirit while they’re away on vacation. But the holidays have extra significance and emotional weight for Andie this year, as she’s dealing with the recent loss of a loved one. While she’s decking the halls, she encounters ruggedly handsome handyman Mason (Brian Hallisay), who has his own case of holiday heartbreak.
NBA Basketball: Emirates NBA Cup: Semifinals
ABC, beginning at 7:30 p.m. Live
ABC airs both semifinal games from the Emirates NBA Cup in-season tournament tonight from T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas.
Saturday Night Live
NBC, 10:30 p.m. Live; also livestreams on Peacock
Former SNL cast member Chris Rock returns for his fourth time as host, joined by Grammy nominee Gracie Abrams, who is making her debut as musical guest.
Get local news delivered to your inbox!
Mother Nature is prepared to lash out at the River Valley region Monday. 
A tornado touched down in Eau Claire County Monday according to the National Weather Service.
New restaurants and businesses are opening in La Crosse area. Find out about Jalisco's in Sparta, Panda Express at Valley View Mall, and more.
A 34-year-old La Crosse woman faces multiple criminal charges after an April 10 traffic stop in La Crosse. 
The body of a Chippewa Falls woman missing for nine years has been located, according to the Chippewa Falls Police Department.
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Sign up with
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Sign in with
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.