The last North American ‘Eras Tour’ concert was in August 2023.
Now, 14 long months later, Taylor Swift is finally back.
On Oct. 18-20, the Time Magazine 2023 Person of the Year will begin the final leg of her sprawling international trek that sent her all over the globe at Miami’s Hard Rock Stadium.
After that, she and her special guest Gracie Abrams swoop into New Orleans, Indianapolis, Toronto and Vancouver.
Then, that’s it.
Yes, there are only 19 (!) more ‘Eras’ shows before the era officially comes to an end.
And, if you want to be there, last-minute tickets are still available.
Better yet, prices are dropping.
When our team last reported on Taylor ticket prices on Sept. 11, they started at $1,367 before fees on Vivid Seats.
Now, one month later, some seats can be found for as low as $941 before fees.
For those without a calculator on hand, that’s a cool $426 in savings. In fact, in certain cases, tickets are over $700 cheaper than they were just 30 days ago.
Sometimes “all of this silence and patience, pining in anticipation” as Tay Tay sings in “Dress,” really does pay off.
For a closer look, our team has everything you need to know and more about Taylor Swift’s final ‘Eras Tour’ concerts below.
All prices listed above are subject to fluctuation.
A complete calendar including all tour dates, venues, and links to the cheapest tickets available versus what they cost on April 19 can be found here (the better price is in bold):
(Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are in US dollars, subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.)
Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. 
They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event.
Still curious about Vivid Seats? You can find an article from their team about why the company is legit here.
The 25-year-old Abrams is the daughter of “Star Trek” film director JJ Abrams and a star in her own right. Her song “I miss you, I’m sorry” has upwards of 100 million streams on Spotify, she opened for Olivia Rodrigo on the 2022 “Sour Tour” and is currently on a tour of her own right now. Not a shabby track record.
If you’d like to see if her headlining ‘The Secret Of Us Tour’ is headed to a venue near you, you can find all upcoming dates and tickets here.
Post-“Tortured Poet’s Department” release, Swift has incorporated the new album into her shows.
For a closer look at what to expect, here’s what Tay Tay played at her final Paris concert at La Defense Arena on May 12, according to Set List FM:
Lover
01.) “Miss Americana & the Heartbreak Prince”02.) “Cruel Summer”03.) “The Man”04.) “You Need to Calm Down”05.) “Lover”Fearless
06.) “Fearless”07.) “You Belong With Me”08.) “Love Story”Red09.) “22”10. ) ”We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together”11.) “I Knew You Were Trouble”12.) “All Too Well”Speak Now13.) “Enchanted”reputation
14.) “…Ready for It?”15.) “Delicate”16.) “Don’t Blame Me”17.) “Look What You Made Me Do”folklore / evermore
18.) “cardigan”19.) “betty”20.) “champagne problems”21.) “august”22.) “illicit affairs”23.) “my tears ricochet”24.) “marjorie”25.) “willow”1989
26.) “Style”27.) “Blank Space”28.) “Shake It Off”29.) “Wildest Dreams”30.) “Bad Blood”THE TORTURED POETS DEPARTMENT
31.) “Female Rage: The Musical” (contains elements of “MBOBHFT”, “WAfoLOM?”, “loml”, “So Long, London” & “BDILH”)32.) “But Daddy I Love Him / So High School”33.) “Who’s Afraid of Little Old Me?”34.) “Down Bad”35.) “Fortnight”36.) “The Smallest Man Who Ever Lived”37.) “I Can Do It With a Broken Heart”Surprise Songs
38.) “The Alchemy / Treacherous”39.) “Begin Again”Midnights
40.) “Lavender Haze”41.) “Anti‐Hero”42.) “Midnight Rain”43.) “Vigilante S—”44.) “Bejeweled”45.) “Mastermind”46.) “Karma”
Our team has been following the ‘Eras Tour’ closely over the past year.
Just a few of the most exciting stories we’ve published include a chat with a Swiftie who shared some helpful tips about seeing Taylor live, a report on dropping ticket prices, and a list of all the most exciting fan trends.
Swift’s “The Tortured Poets Department” was released at midnight (and 2 a.m.) on Friday, April 19.
While every listener will likely come away with their own favorites, we particularly enjoyed the sleek, synthy “Fortnight,” icy “So Long, London,” anthemic “I Can Do It With a Broken Heart,” bombastic slow build of “The Smallest Man Who Ever Lived,” and gorgeously arranged “Chloe or Sam or Sophia or Marcus.”
If you want to give it a spin — assuming you’re one of the few people on the planet who hasn’t listened to the overstuffed two-disc record already, that is — you can find “The Tortured Poets Department” here.
Although it will cost an arm and a leg (sometimes more!) to see Swift live this year, there are much more affordable — likely stateside — concerts you can attend this year.
Here are just five of our favorite artists you won’t want to miss live.
• Kacey Musgraves
• Sabrina Carpenter
• Billie Eilish
• Mary J. Blige
• Mariah Carey
Who else is on the road this year? Check out our list of the 50 biggest concert tours in 2024 to find out.
This article was written by Matt Levy, New York Post live events reporter. Levy stays up-to-date on all the latest tour announcements from your favorite musical artists and comedians, as well as Broadway openings, sporting events and more live shows – and finds great ticket prices online. Since he started his tenure at the Post in 2022, Levy has reviewed a Bruce Springsteen concert and interviewed Melissa Villaseñor of SNL fame, to name a few. Please note that deals can expire, and all prices are subject to change