By
Erinn Callahan
Kacey Musgraves has marched to the beat of her own drum since her 2013 debut Same Trailer Different Park. What has followed hasn’t always toed traditional genre lines. However, it has been honest, clever, and occasionally groovy. A decade in, the 35-year-old Texas native has six albums, seven GRAMMY Awards, and seven CMAs. Now, the “Golden Hour” singer will appear on the 50th anniversary season of the long-standing Austin City Limits program. And Musgraves is just one star among the constellation of talent lined up for the landmark season.
Kacey Musgraves’ ACL performance will air during the Sept. 28 season premiere. The PBS show posted a preview from the GRAMMY winner’s set to its YouTube page Wednesday (Aug. 14.)
In a shimmering black dress and matching stilettos, Kacey Musgraves delivered an aching rendition of “Too Good to Be True,” off her latest record Deeper Well.
The understated performance offered a glimpse of what fans can expect this year. On Wednesday (Aug. 14,) the program announced the broadcast lineup for the first half of the historic season.
Singer-songwriters Maggie Rogers and Gracie Abrams will share an hour-long set on Oct. 12. Brittany Howard, of Alabama Shakes fame, and the velvet-voiced Chris Stapleton will each make return appearances on Oct. 26 and Nov. 9, respectively.
On Nov. 2, the ubiquitous Jelly Roll will make his ACL debut, thrilling the crowd with highlights from his 2023 smash hit Whitsitt Chapel. Husband-and-wife duo The War and Treaty will also make their second ACL appearance that week—making it a can’t-miss episode.
[RELATED: Watch George Strait’s Incredible “Amarillo by Morning” Performance on ‘Austin City Limits’ in 1984]
Kacey Musgraves’ third appearance on Austin City Limits kicks off the show’s historic golden season. On Oct. 17, 1974, Willie Nelson — then just a year removed from his Shotgun Willie success — took the stage in Austin, Texas to record the ACL pilot episode.
The Red-Headed Stranger has never been much for overly produced TV specials. However, Nelson was pleased with ACL‘s intentional lack of production slickness. PBS greenlighted the series, and the rest is history. Half a century later, Austin City Limits remains the longest-running music program in TV history.
Featured image by Rob Latour/Shutterstock
Only members can comment. Become a member. Already a member? Log in.
Why Eric Church Thinks Morgan Wallen’s Chair-Throwing Arrest Was “Actually A Good Thing”
The Forgotten Genius of Judee Sill: Folk Music’s Sacred Rebel
Why Tony Iommi Changed His Mind About the Black Sabbath Reunion

			© 2025 American Songwriter			American Songwriter: a Savage Ventures Brand