By ELMIRA TANATAROVA 
 Published:  13:16, 7 December 2024   |  Updated:  13:19, 7 December 2024   
 110
View  comments
The last few years have seen dozens of A-listers fielding one 'Ozempic allegation' after another, as they showing svelte new waists and bodies.
Everyone from Christina Aguilera to Nicole Kidman and Lizzo has battled rumours that they are using the - previously elusive, now household name - weigh loss jab.
But over the years the divisive treatment has trickled its way down into regular people's lives, and options are becoming increasingly more available.
There is Ozempic and Wegovy (which both contain the active drug semaglutide); Mounjaro (tirzepatide), as well as Saxenda and Victoza (both contain liraglutide) - with at least another 20 in the pipeline.
Since the rollout of these jabs has become increasingly normalised, experts have expressed concern that the move is portraying unhealthily thin body types as the desired status quo, a la 'heroin chic' in the 90s.
Now however, many are questioning whether it suggests a turn away from Hollywood's seeming 'thin is back' mentality.
Social media is questioning what the elite may do to signal their status with the body they sculpt, and move away from the 'mainstream' fray if achieving a specific body type becomes more easy.
Speaking in a TikTok, influencer Nina King spoke about how it is the 'accessibility' of Ozempic that could hinge the eventual change in 'desired' body types.
Earlier this summer, Kim Kardashian flaunted her toned physique as she gave her fans a closer look at her fitness regime at the gym for 'leg day' as she appeared to use a form of muscle stimulation on her upper thighs 
Elsewhere Taylor Swift has wowed her fans with her toned biceps and athletic stamina during the Eras Tour
And in September, Gracie Abrams was nicknamed 'Gracie ABrams' by fans begging for a workout routine to look just like the athletically toned musician
'I have a theory about how the increased accessibility of Ozempic is going to lead to a complete reversal of modern beauty standards away from thinness being prized as the ideal,' she explained.
'And I got there from thinking about the 17th century spice trade. So there's an economic phenomenon called the snob effect where the demand for a certain good by individuals of a higher income is inversely related to the demand by those of a lower income.
'It's also talked about in terms of scarcity value or the anti bandwagon effect. I was just reading this book about the history of human social organisation, it's really good.
'And there was this big section about the global spice trade. So from the 15th to the 17th centuries European desire for spices led them to invading multiple continents, committing genocide, waging terrible bloody wars fought over the right to control spice production and distribution.
'And this was all driven by the economic incentive of spices as a valuable commodity. Spices were a valuable commodity in Europe because they are rare. And since spices were rare in Europe having well seasoned food was a status symbol.'
However, she points out that British food is known for being 'incredibly bland' and this is 'in large part because of the snob effect'.
When spicing and seasoning became more commonplace, the wealthy switched up their palates.
'So what does this all have to do with Ozempic? It requires taking a look at the reigning societal beauty standards over time which have varied very widely throughout recorded history,' she added.
Kim often shares a look at her grueling workout sessions on Instagram, and a few months earlier in May, she could be seen at the gym doing squats and also using weights
'For most of human history the beauty ideal for both men and women was the plumper the better because it was proof that the individual had enough to eat.
'Around the time of the industrial revolution - and because of the industrial revolution - being thin became the beauty standard being thin became the women's beauty standard.'
However, she pointed out that many things about the average worker's daily lifestyle - from potentially working around several jobs (leaving little free time to exercise) to buying cheaper, more likely to processed foods - don't lend themselves to maintaining a slim figure.
However, with Ozempic on the scene - and in places like the US, expected to drop in price -that could change.
'For my part I think that the beauty standard is going to change rapidly in accordance. In what direction I don't know.' 
It begs the question of what the next unattainable standard could become.
However, if workout videos from the rich and famous are anything to go by, prioritising strength and sculpted builds appear to be increasingly glamourised. 
Earlier this summer, Kim Kardashian flaunted her toned physique as she gave her fans a closer look at her fitness regime at the gym for 'leg day' as she appeared to use a form of muscle stimulation on her upper thighs. 
If workout videos from the rich and famous are anything to go by, prioritising strength and sculpted builds appear to be increasingly glamourised. Pictured, Jennifer Aniston
The mother-of-four notably works closely with celebrity personal trainer, Seneda Greca - who is also known for working with other stars such as supermodel Miranda Kerr. 
Electrical stimulation is a form of treatment that can be used in physical therapy and also 'helps strengthen muscles, block pain signals, and improve blood circulation,' per Very Well Health.  
'All right guys, so this is how I'm doing my workouts as we've been building my thighs,' Kim told her 361 million followers.
'I don't know if you guys have noticed. I've gained some healthy weight, especially in my thighs. And this is what we've been doing.'
Elsewhere Taylor Swift has wowed her fans with her toned biceps and athletic stamina during the Eras Tour.
Last year, the signer revealed the insane workout regimen that helped her prepare for her show - from running on a treadmill while singing to quitting all alcohol.
The 34-year-old singer's impressive, three-hour-15-minute concert sees her perform a whopping 44 songs from her decade-long career while undergoing a multitude of costume changes.  
'I knew this tour was harder than anything I'd ever done before by a long shot,' she told Time magazine.
Everyone from Christina Aguilera (right) to Nicole Kidman (left) and Lizzo has battled rumours that they are using the - previously elusive, now household name - weigh loss jab
Toned and sculpted arms, like those on A-lister Florence Pugh, appear to be increasingly glamourised
Taylor explained that she started training six months before the tour kicked off at a New York City-based gym called Dogpound - a 'state-of-the-art' facility 'offering bespoke team, private training, lifestyle advice,' according to its website. 
She recalled performing her entire setlist while running on a treadmill, so that she would be ready to belt out her hits while moving around the stage.
'Every day I would run on the treadmill, singing the entire set list out loud,' she continued. 'Fast for fast songs, and a jog or a fast walk for slow songs. She also incorporated 'strength, conditioning, and weights.'
And in September, Gracie Abrams was nicknamed 'Gracie ABrams' by fans begging for a workout routine to look just like the athletically toned musician. 
More and more A-listers are sharing gym selfies, sharing their penchant for working out, and proudly flaunting their builds.
Speaking to FEMAIL, PT Chloe Thomas said she believes 'there is going to be more of a shift away from the "thin is back" mindset that we've seen' - however, she stressed that fixating on another 'ideal' type is no healthier.
The fitness expert, who is also a Women's Health & Mindset Coach and the founder of online holistic coaching platform Chloe Inspires Coaching, said: 'I myself have seen a huge increase in the conversation around body image as a woman's coach on social media. 
'There seems to be more talk about unattainable ideals and the impact that this has on people's physical and mental health. I personally have navigated disordered eating disorder and I see more women like myself seeking strength, energy and mental well-being rather than just fitting into an aesthetic mould and beauty standard!'
Hannah Waddingham is one of the poster girls for muscular athletic builds which are being revered
She added that there is definitely 'more of a backlash against extreme dieting and overly thin body types'.
'I think thinness can be seen still as a trend in some circles but a lot of women that I am come across are embracing more of a holistic approach to health,' Chloe continued.
However, she felt that while there 'could be' some connection between weight loss jabs become more accessible and the changing tide, there is nothing concrete.
'Weight loss jabs have brought rapid weight loss into the media especially amongst celebrity culture but they are not healthy or sustainable for a lot of people,' she explained.
'From my perspective as a health and body positive coach I think that these jabs reinforce the idea that weight loss is just about your external appearance rather than your internal health.
'Having now coached six women myself on these jabs in the last eight months, they are struggling to come off them and have suffered from bad symptoms like period loss, muscle loss/atrophy, insomnia, constipation, acne and hair loss.
'So I think more people are realizing that these are not good or the answer. They do have short-term fixes but they don't address the deeper issues of mindset, nutrition and lifestyle habits. I believe more people are now realizing this.'
'As a coach myself and in the fitness space for eight years I have seen that muscular and sculpted bodies are more trending than ever before,' she said.
'However, I do think that this trend is just as problematic because it is focusing on unrealistic standards for women and again, looking at aesthetics rather than health overall.
'It is not good to be moving from a thin ideal to one that requires access to time, resources and often privilege to achieve. Having worked with so many women over the last eight years not everybody is able to access a gym and train hard to get a body like this.
'However, I do think the rise of strength training, especially among women, is a positive shift. This is because it's empowering to see women prioritising functional fitness and actually feeling strong in their body - and making it not just about burning calories!
'But I do think we should be careful about turning body types into a cultural idea and beauty standard. I think the focus should always be on the individual and their lifestyle and goals. 
'Not chasing someone else's definition of perfection and beauty standards. I think it's important to shift the mindset of thin or sculpted bodies to more of our own unique journey, looking at what our body can do rather than how it looks.'
However, some believe that while the 'ideal body type' may change - Ozempic is here to stay.
Mark Solomos, a Consultant Plastic Surgeon in Highgate, said the use of weight loss jabs may even increase.
'I think we will be going back to a situation where it's not s much a Kim Kardashian body type people aspire to, it's more of a thinner look, slim but lean and strong is more of the look people are veering towards,' he said.
'It is becoming more accessible to be slimmer as Ozempic and Mounjaro are pretty much affordable to most.
'We're also seeing celebrities such as Christina Aguilera who has battled with her weight over the years suddenly look better than ever before and creating a desired body shape which is slim but healthy, and this is allegedly through the use of weight loss injections.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group