Taylor Swift will wrap up the "Eras Tour" on Dec. 8 in Vancouver, BC.Scott A Garfitt/Invision/AP
It’s finally time to say goodbye to the “Eras Tour”.
Taylor Swift’s iconic tour ends with concerts on Dec. 6-Dec. 8 in Vancouver, even though fans aren’t yet ready for that. 
Whether it was the surprise songs, outfit changes, special album announcements or friendship bracelets, there was so much for fans to cherish about this era of Swift’s career.
If you want to say goodbye in “Style”, then you’ll have to secure tickets for Swift’s final show dates.
And there’s some good news: Ticket prices are dropping. Seats that used to cost thousands are now under $500 on the resale market.
Throughout the “Eras Tour,” the cheapest last-minute tickets for Swift’s 2024 concerts have been on StubHub and Vivid Seats.
For Swift’s Dec. 6 show in Vancouver, the cheapest ticket we could find is $485 on Viagogo. The most expensive ticket listed is $12,238.
The cheapest ticket we could find on the market for her Dec. 7 concert is $490 on Viagogo. Some tickets for this show are listed for as high as $12,078.
Finally, for her Dec. 8 concert in Canada, the cheapest ticket we could find on the market is $616 on Viagogo. The most expensive ticket on the market for this show is $12,458.
If you are a first-time Vivid Seats user, you can save $20 on ticket orders over $200 by entering the promo code NJ20 at checkout. Fans can check out other secondary sites to snag last-minute tickets, like TicketNetwork, Viagogo and SeatGeek.
Taylor Swift is not the only artist on a huge tour right now.
Here are a few more tours you won’t want to miss: Billie Eilish, Gracie Abrams, Sabrina Carpenter and Shakira.
Our journalism needs your support. Please subscribe today to NJ.com.
Nicole Iuzzolino can be reached at niuzzolino@njadvancemedia.com. Have a tip? Tell us at nj.com/tips.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices