By Katie Campione 
TV Reporter

Chappell Roan lit up the stage, literally, at the 2024 MTV Video Music Awards on Wednesday night.

	Her debut performance at the show featured her single “Good Luck, Babe!” and began with Roan locked behind the gates of a medieval castle clad in a suit of armor, holding a crossbow loaded with a flaming arrow. 

	The scene, which the artist hinted to in her arrivals outfit, was very much in the vein of Joan of Arc — or, should we say, Roan of Arc. 

	After sending the arrow flying into the gates of the castle, setting them ablaze, Roan launched into the first verse of the single she released earlier this year. The performance was capped by a choreographed sword fight between Roan’s dancers as she kneeled in the middle of the chaos during the viral chorus of the song.

	










			Watch on Deadline		







	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	













	Obituaries
	



	
		
					Kirk Medas Dies: MTV's 'Floribama Shore' Star Was 33		
			















	News
	



	
		
					'RuPaul's Drag Race' Season 17 Holds Steady In Key Demos, Rakes In Biggest TV Share In Series History		
			






Chappell Roan performs “Good Luck, Babe” #VMAs pic.twitter.com/7MYonAbhpL

	Roan is in the running for Best New Artist at Wednesday’s show, competing against the likes of Gracie Abrams and Tyla. She was also up for three other Moon Men including Song of the Summer for “Good Luck, Babe!” though that award went to Taylor Swift and Post Malone for “Fortnight.”

	Her attendance at the VMAs was much anticipated after Roan scrapped scheduled shows in Paris and Amsterdam and rescheduled a concert in Berlin due to “scheduling conflicts,” which likely had to do with her performance at the award show. 

	She faced significant backlash on social media for the move, though it is common for artists to move tour dates for the VMAs and similar shows. 

	While she didn’t speak about that controversy Wednesday, she did talk with several reporters on the VMAs carpet about navigating her newfound stardom, specifically setting boundaries with fans amid some concerning encounters that she recently detailed in a profile for Rolling Stone.

	She told Entertainment Tonight she feels “very heard” after speaking out about the incidents, saying: “I do think people really listened…I think that it’s hard for artists to speak up because they’re so scared of their fans hating them, but we’re not actually talking about fans. We’re talking about people who are harassing.”

	Roan’s rise to fame has been swift, gaining popularity on TikTok over the summer after opening for Olivia Rodrigo’s GUTS world tour. She recently embarked on her own tour and, after some European dates throughout September, she is due back to the United States for several appearances, including a set at Austin City Limits Festival.
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.