ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA - JANUARY 26: Victoria Monét attends the 62nd Annual GRAMMY Awards at ... More Staples Center on January 26, 2020 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Steve Granitz/WireImage)
There are times when Best New Artist isn’t much of a contest at the Grammys. In only the past few years, stars like Olivia Rodrigo, Megan Thee Stallion and Billie Eilish were all predicted by seemingly everyone as future winners–and they ended up taking home the honor.
Since then, they’ve all gone on to do incredible things, and two of them are up for most of the top prizes this time around.
The race for the only Grammy a musician can be nominated for just one time is fiercer this year than it has been in a while. There are a number of rising talents who have not only proved their artistic merit, but also that they can succeed in a major way on the charts.
Truth be told, it’s between as many as half of the nominees this year, with no obvious champion.
For much of the past year, it was assumed that Ice Spice would claim Best New Artist at the 2024 Grammys. She was touted as a likely next winner for months after shooting from underground favorite to proper hitmaker in only a matter of months. She’s currently nominated for other awards alongside industry heavyweights Taylor Swift and Nicki Minaj, and she’ll almost certainly score at least one prize this time around–but Best New Artist is not assuredly hers, as so many guessed in the past.
The battle for the BNA Grammy is tougher now than many expected months ago, and Spice faces competition from artists who vary greatly when it comes to age, gender and genre.
There’s a very real chance that Victoria Monét will actually be named the Best New Artist in 2024. She didn’t enjoy the same commercial success as Spice, but the winds changed in her favor after the Grammy nominations were announced.
Monét, already a respected songwriter in the business, earned seven nominations this year–the second-most among all acts. Her inclusion in Record of the Year may have helped turn her on to many voters, and her late surge could be enough to give her the honor.
Noah Kahan also came out of seemingly nowhere in the past year or so, and now he ranks as perhaps the most successful Americana musician in the country. As the genre becomes more popular, the singer is riding that wave. Voters may want to reward his work in bringing his version of excellent artistry and songwriting back to the charts.
Let’s not count out Jelly Roll, either. While he probably doesn’t stand the same chance as Spice, Monét, or Kahan, there are a lot of people rooting for the unlikely country star.
After spending time in prison, the musician turned his life around and has become not just a great and hardworking artist, but an inspirational tale. Voters love a story like his, and they may choose him, at least in part, because of his past.
There’s also another factor at play here that some in the industry don’t want to discuss, and it’s gender. Best New Artist goes to a solo female far more frequently than a male artist, and certainly more often than a group. In fact, a woman working on her own has won this Grammy in each of the past six years. The last non-female star to claim the prize was Chance the Rapper back in 2017. Some voters may want to change up the predictable…or perhaps they’ll stick to the usual, which would favor either Spice or Monét.