Jacket ’round her shoulders is his.
Taylor Swift added Travis Kelce’s sparkling Amiri blazer to her corset-and-jeans combo while celebrating the Kansas City Chiefs’ Super Bowl 2024 win at the team’s afterparty.
The tight end wore the sequin-embellished bouclé jacket — along with coordinating trousers — while arriving at Allegiant Stadium for Sunday’s big game, and changed back into the outfit to dance the night away afterward.
“Travis really is a bit of a showman, and we were thinking, this is the first Super Bowl in Las Vegas, so why not really let it represent that entertainment feel that Vegas is known for, and let him shine a bit,” the brand’s founder and creative director, Mike Amiri, told Vogue of Kelce’s custom look.
Kelce and Swift first celebrated the Chiefs’ victory over the San Francisco 49ers together by passionately kissing and sharing pleasantries on the field. 
Swift — who wore a custom Stephanie Gottlieb necklace with Kelce’s number — watched the game from a suite filled with friends, family members and VIP guests including Blake Lively, Paul McCartney, Ice Spice and more.
Fans were thrilled to see Swift, 34, make it to the big game Sunday, considering she just wrapped up her final Japan Eras Tour date.
As Page Six previously noted, however, the 17-hour time difference worked in her favor as she traveled back in time to the US via a 13-hour flight, giving her the ability to rest up before Kelce fought for his third Super Bowl ring.
The “Love Story” hitmaker is no stranger to a jam-packed schedule; In November 2023, she jetted back to New York City after performing three sold-out shows in Buenos Aires, Argentina with her “Midnights” costume still on. 
That night, she stepped out in the Big Apple with musician Gracie Abrams.
Swift supported Kelce, also 34, at every NFL game she could make it to this season, with the Super Bowl being her lucky number 13th game.
She originally confirmed romance suspicions by appearing at Kelce’s Sept. 24, 2023 game against the Chicago Bears.
She became a staple at Chiefs games ever since, warming the hearts of Swifties as she cheered the team on with Kelce’s family and her new bestie, Brittany Mahomes — the wife of Chiefs quarterback Patrick Mahomes.
Swift and Kelce also had fans swooning after his win against the Baltimore Ravens on Jan. 28 — which sent him to the Super Bowl — after a video of them professing their love to each other was shared by the NFL.
“I love you,” the star athlete told the Grammy winner as she visited him on the field. “So much it’s not funny.”
Hugging him tight, she seemingly replied, “I’ve never been so proud of anyone. Ever.”
According to Page Six’s insider, they’ll be engaged this summer — so fans can expect more and more of their shameless PDA.
Advertisement