Now 
61
 Sun 
73
 Mon 
76
by CAITLYN FROLO | The National News Desk
TOPICS:
WASHINGTON (TNND) — Taylor Swift's "beloved Eras Tour" has shattered another record as the groundbreaking tour came to a close in Vancouver, Canada Sunday night.
The last show wraps up what many consider a significant point in time for pop culture from friendship bracelets to surprise songs to a box-office hit and record book sales.
"The Eras Tour" spanned multiple continents and 149 shows with Swift telling 60,000 fans in BC Place the show was performed for over 10 million people.
The tour brought in $2.2 billion in its 21-month run, making it the highest-grossing tour of all time for a second year in a row, according to Pollstar data provided to The Associated Press. Last year, "The Eras Tour" became the first to cross the billion-dollar mark.
Before Swift took the stage for the final time, opener Gracie Abrams, whom Swift has a Grammy-nominated song "Us" with, read a speech about the impact of Swift's tour. 
"Tonight, we are all here to remind her how deeply she's touched us. How much we appreciate every single tiny detail [Taylor] dreams up to delight us," Abrams said. 
Swift's over-three-hour performances began in March 2023 in Glendale, Arizona, and brought many viral moments with them. 
Before the shows even began, fans struggled to get tickets, with many coming up empty-handed because of issues with Ticketmaster's platform.
During the tour, Swift was named Time Magazine's Person of the Year, named Artist of the Year on Apple Music and Spotify's most-streamed artist globally twice, as well as dropping a box office-topping concert film that grossed over $250M.
At the 2024 Grammy's, Swift announced her 11th studio album, The Tortured Poets Department, which she added to "The Eras Tour" setlist while in Europe. She also released two "Taylor's Version" re-recordings, "1989" and "Speak Now."
In June 2024, Swift's boyfriend Kansas City Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce, joined her on stage to perform "I Can Do It With a Broken Heart," sending social media into a frenzy. 
In the political space, Swift endorsed Vice President Kamala Harris for president after she debated with President-elect Donald Trump, signing her Instagram message "With love and hope, Taylor Swift Childless Cat Lady."
Most recently, Swift released an official book culminating the tour with never-before-seen concert material. According to Circana, the book, exclusively at Target, sold 814,000 copies over the Thanksgiving holiday weekend.