Except for Mumford & Sons, who accidentally heard the "horrific" song
Gracie Abrams has revealed that she recorded a “very vulgar” version of her hit song ‘That’s So True’, even if it “will never see the light of day” – find out more below.
While attending Spotify’s recent You’re Invited, I’m Sorry: An Evening with Gracie Abrams event with her co-writer Audrey Hobert, the pair confirmed that they had written an alternate version of ‘That’s So True’ – one that’s “so gross”, it will never be released.
Hobert admitted: “We were drunk when we wrote the lyrics.” Abrams chimed in saying, “Yeah, there’s a whole, very vulgar version… that will never see the light of day.” The pair confirmed that they were “a little drunk in a great way — in a light, fresh way,” when they were recording at Electric Lady when they penned the song.
Gracie Abrams. Credit: Cindy Ord/Getty
According to Abrams, they were “were just doubled over in tears, laughing so hard, saying the most horrific shit to song,” Abrams continued. However, despite never getting a release, one other group of people have heard the song outside of Abrams and her co-writer: Mumford & Sons.
“And then I get a text from Lee [Forster, who runs Electric Lady] and he’s like, ‘Mumford & Sons are doing an interview right above you.’ It was bad! Oh God!”
#GracieAbrams says there’s a “very vulgar” version of “That’s So True” that will never see the light of day at Spotify’s ‘I’m Sorry: An Evening with Gracie Abrams.’
 ♬ original sound – Pop Crave 
Hobert then explained that the song being labeled as “gross” was based on its themes: “It was like… sexual, just so you don’t get it confused with any other horrible thing… Nothing that could be on the radio or, you know, Spotify.”
The original version of ‘That’s So True’ did not make the cut for Gracie’s latest album ‘The Secret Of Us’ but was released as part of the record’s deluxe edition that dropped last month.
In a four-star review of Abrams’ newest album ‘The Secret Of Us’, Hannah Mylrea wrote for NME: “It’s a moment of pure pop catharsis that leans into the good, bad and messy of infatuation. This is the joy of ‘The Secret of Us’: it doesn’t shy away from the complex or contradictory. Here Gracie Abrams embraces her growing pains and celebrates enduring the difficult moments. She’s never sounded better.”
In other news, Abrams has announced her ‘The Secret Of Us’ 2025 UK and European tour, set to commence early next year. Visit here to purchase tickets and check out the full list of dates here.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.