Florence Pugh was seen cosying up to Peaky Blinders star Finn Cole as they exited The Perfect Couple premiere afterparty together.
The Dune actress stepped out with Finn to The Hoxton in London as they joined a star-studded guestlist to celebrate the release of Nicole Kidman's new Netflix series. The pair attempted to keep things low key with their arrival at the venue despite being spotted together inside.
Florence, 28, was seen holding hands with Finn, 28, once they were mingling with other guests at the party. Following the bash they snuck out through a side door and into a waiting car with Finn covering his head with a jacket as he tried to avoid being photographed inside the vehicle.
An insider told MailOnline: "I saw them holding hands at the after-party at The Hoxton hotel." Florence and Finn were previously seen partying together at Glastonbury Festival. Finn is of course best known for his role as Michael Gray in Peaky Blinders, which he starred in alongside his brother Joe Cole who played his cousin John Shelby in the hit BBC series.
The possible romance comes after Florence was linked to Normal People star Paul Mescal earlier this year. They were seen partying the night away after attending the BAFTA Awards.
They had also been spotted sharing a pleasant dinner in New York just the previous week. According to a source who spoke to The Sun: "Florence and Paul move in the same circles and have been mates for some time. If their friendship moved into something more romantic no one would be surprised."
Florence split from her photographer boyfriend Charlie Gooch last year and Paul - who is now dating Gracie Abrams - broke up with singer Phoebe Bridgers. The pressures of Florence's fame were said to have ended her relationship with Charlie.
A source said: "Florence and Charlie had known each other for years and things turned romantic at the end of last year. But it hasn't lasted. Florence's schedule is so busy and there were other factors at play. She eventually ended it over the summer."
Florence was also briefly linked to Harry Styles in the past after they were rumoured to have kissed while filming Don't Worry Darling. Prior to that Florence split from ex-boyfriend Zach Braff after three years together.
At the time she told Harpers Bazaar: "We've been trying to do this separation without the world knowing, because it's been a relationship that everybody has an opinion on. We just felt something like this would really do us the benefit of not having millions of people telling us how happy they are that we're not together. So we've done that. I automatically get a lumpy throat when I talk about it."
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok , Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.