What is your favorite part about fall?
View Results
The 2024 Grammys took place this past week, drawing in almost 17 million viewers. Dozens of talented musicians took home awards from this year’s ceremony, whether they were new musicians breaking through the industry or timeless legends receiving recognition for their impact.  
Miley Cyrus took home her first-ever Grammys, winning Record of the Year and Pop Solo Performance and celebrating with a performance on stage. Joni Mitchell made an appearance on stage to perform her song, “Both Sides Now,” bringing a 60’s classic back to life. Taylor Swift won her fourth Album of the Year Grammy, which was not a surprise for many. When accepting her award on stage, she announced her eleventh album would be releasing in two months, taking the media by storm. Tracy Chapman and Luke Combs banded together to perform Chapman’s beloved song “Fast Car,” and every star in the audience was ready to sing along. 
As for newer artists who are paving their way in the industry, Olivia Rodrigo performed “Vampire,” with friend Taylor Swift showing support from off the stage. Boygenius banded together this past year to make “the record” album that would score them three Grammys on this night. Band members Phoebe Bridgers, Julien Baker, and Lucy Dacus took a hiatus from their three-person musical group after the creation of their first EP in 2018.  
The New Artist award was granted to singer Victoria Monet. In this category, she was up against a handful of other beloved new artists, such as Gracie Abrams and Noah Kahan. Monet also won for Best R&B Album, proving that a rise to fame in the industry is not an impossible feat.  
Billy Joel released a new song this week and appeared to perform at the Grammys as well. This was his first new song to be released since 2007, signaling a possible return to music since announcing his step back from the industry in 1993.  
The Grammys this year were packed with a multitude of musical performances and accolades, giving recognition to the musicians that have influenced the music industry as we know it. While every year brings an element of surprise, one can agree that this year was a beautiful ode to stars both old and young, giving hope for the future of music while simultaneously appreciating the past as well. 
Ava Stockstad is a Dakota Student General Reporter. She can be reached at [email protected].  
The student news site of University of North Dakota