An estimated 200,000 people are expected to descend on Indianapolis as superstar Taylor Swift's rolls into town, with three nights of performances.
The Circle City is rolling out the red carpet for not only Swift herself, but the 60,000 people expected at Lewis Oil Stadium each night - and the additional 40,000 slated to converge on downtown for the festivities, according to Visit Indy.
Stream NBC 5 for free, 24/7, wherever you are.
For those making the roughly three-hour drive, here's everything you need to know - including details on Taylor Swift-themed events, road closures and if tickets are still available. 
Tickets are still available - though they might cost more than you'd like. According to reselling website Stub Hub, tickets were "going fast," and as of Friday afternoon, most available tickets were in the $2,000 range. 
Baseb(all) Too Well Concert Pre-Party - 3 p.m. on Nov. 1 and 2
The self-proclaimed "best T. Swift party in the city" will take place at Victory Field, featuring Eras music, themed cocktails, group singalongs and more. 
Swiftie Par-Tay at the Indianapolis Children's Museum - Nov. 1-4
Guests to the Indianapolis Children's Museum will be able to trade friendship bracelets, "shake it off" in a Taylor-themed dance party and make bedazzled slime. 
Feeling out of the loop? We'll catch you up on the news you need to know with the Chicago Catch-Up newsletter.
Wildest Era - Swifties at the Zoo - Indianapolis Zoo - Nov. 1-4
Even the Indianapolis Zoo is getting in on the fun. 
Zoogoers will be able to take part in Taylor Swift-inspired activities all weekend long, including themed food and drinks, face painting, bracelet trading and more.
Pop singer Gracie Abrams will serve as the opening musician for each night of the concert, which gets underway at 7 p.m.
Merchandise can be purchased inside the Indiana Convention Center's Exhibit Hall K at the following dates and times: 
Unfamiliar with Indianapolis, but planning to make the drive? Here are street closures to be aware of, according to WTHR, the NBC affiliate in Indianapolis.
The following roads will be closed Nov. 1-4 during the posted hours:
The following interstate exits will be closed Nov. 1-4 during the posted hours: : 
The following traffic diversions will be implemented Nov. 1-4 during the posted hours: 
You'll want to be patient and allow yourself plenty of extra time to get to the concert -- regardless of which mode of transportation you choose.
Those who opt to take a rideshare will want to keep the following zones in mind: