"The Secret Of Us" thrashes the No. 30 best for Gracie's first album, 2023's Good Riddance.

													By
												

	Lars Brandle


Gracie Abrams lands her first No. 1 in Australia as The Secret Of Us (via Interscope/Universal) debuts at the summit.

	With that effort, the Californian singer and songwriter’s sophomore album thrashes the No. 30 best for her first LP, 2023’s Good Riddance.  

	Abrams is very much part of Taylor Swift’s #Squad. She has opened in various markets on Swift’s ongoing The Eras Tour, and the pop superstar collaborated with Abrams on The Secret Of Us track “Us,” which bows at No. 25 on the latest ARIA Singles Chart – the week’s top debut. 

	With her best-selling start, Abrams leads a charge of female solo artists on the ARIA Chart, published Friday, June 26: Billie Eilish (Hit Me Hard And Soft, down 2-1 via Interscope/Universal), Swift (The Tortured Poets Department, down 2-3 via Universal) and Charli XCX (Brat, up 5-4 via Atlantic/Warner), respectively. U.S. country star Morgan Waller completes the top five with One Thing At A Time (up 7-5 via Mercury/Universal).






	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Billie Eilish		
					






















	
		
					Blake Shelton		
					






















	
		
					Chappell Roan		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	There’s no doubt about it, Chappell Roan is having a moment. The rising pop star makes her first appearance in the top 10 with 2023 debut album The Rise And Fall Of A Midwest Princess (Island/Universal), lifting 14-7, while her standout track “Good Luck, Babe!” lifts 20-12 for a new peak position on the national singles tally. 

	












	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Mase Wants Fans to Vote If He Should Attend Diddy's Trial		
	



	05/02/2025	







	Close behind, Brisbane, Australia-formed pop band Sheppard mark their return to the ARIA Chart with Zora (Empire Of Song/MGM), their fourth studio album. It’s new at No. 8. Now based in Nashville, TN, Sheppard cracked the ARIA top 10 with 2014’s Bombs Away (No. 2), 2018’s Watching The Sky (No. 1) and 2021’s Kaleidoscope Eyes (No. 2). 




			Trending on Billboard		






	Over on the ARIA Singles Chart, Sabrina Carpenter retains top spot for a second week with “Please Please Please” (Island/Universal). Meanwhile, Shaboozey’s “A Bar Song (Tipsy)” (via Empire) improves 3-2 for a new peak position, and Carpenter’s former leader “Espresso” dips 2-3.

	Further down the list, Tommy Richman bags a top 40 with “Devil Is a Lie” (via Conchord/Universal), the followup to his No. 1 hit “Million Dollar Baby.” “Devil Is a Lie” is new at No. 27. 

	Finally, Post Malone’s country era lassos another top 40 as “Pour Me a Drink” (Universal) with Blake Shelton opens at No. 33. It’s the followup to “I Had Some Help” with Morgan Wallen, currently up 6-4 in its seventh week on the tally.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.