Zach Bryan bailed on plans to make a surprise appearance at a Noah Kahan concert over the summer.
Bryan’s ex-girlfriend Brianna “Chickenfry” LaPaglia confirmed on her “BFFs” podcast Thursday that the “Something in the Orange” singer had been set to join Kahan onstage at Fenway Park in Boston on July 19.
However, Bryan pulled out at the “last minute” — because he was too intoxicated, according to LaPaglia.
“I wasn’t with him, but he was drunk and canceled on him,” the Barstool Sports personality said. “So I don’t know what he said … but he canceled the night before or the day before.”
At the time, a source told Page Six exclusively that Bryan, 28, and Kahan, 27, had “arranged” a special performance of their 2023 collaboration, “Sarah’s Place,” for the final date of the “Stick Season” crooner’s We’ll All Be Here Forever Tour.
However, our insider claimed Bryan was “in no shape” to take the stage and ultimately had to ditch Kahan, whom we heard was “bummed, to say the least.”
As a result, the breakout folk artist did not have any surprises up his sleeve for his sold-out crowd of 38,000 people, which was the biggest of his career thus far and spawned a live album released in August.
“To be honest with you, we had a great guest coming tonight, but it didn’t work out,” he told the audience during the show’s encore, “so I hope I’m good enough for you all.”
Kahan’s two-night run at Fenway was not a total bust, though, as he brought out Gracie Abrams and the Lumineers the day before to perform “Everywhere, Everything” and a cover of Jason Isbell and the 400 Unit’s “If We Were Vampires,” respectively.
Fans speculated at the time that Bryan was the mystery guest who had to back out of Kahan’s concert, as LaPaglia and her friends were spotted in the crowd, but she posted a TikTok video denying the rumors.
However, the influencer, 25, admitted in Thursday’s bombshell “BFFs” episode that she had lied to her followers to save face for her then-boyfriend, whom she accused of emotional abuse.
“When I care about you, I’m gonna be loyal to you and I’m gonna protect you, and I did that over and over and over,” she explained. “It’s sad that I did so much for him and it was never reciprocated.”
LaPaglia’s co-host Dave Portnoy then pointed out that Kahan also publicly defended Bryan at the time by posting a screenshot on his Instagram Story of the musicians FaceTiming to prove they were still friends.
“Me and him, one in the same,” the “PlanBri Uncut” host quipped in response.
Bryan, who has yet to respond to any of the accusations beyond reposting a cryptic Jack Kerouac quote, dated LaPaglia from July 2023 until last month.
Advertisement