Today's Digital Daily	
			



	
			Today's Digital Daily	
			

The Grammy-nominated 27-year-old's collaborative assortment includes illustrations of his German shepherd "Penny."
Senior Editor

	The Grammy-nominated singer and songwriter Noah Kahan has weathered his share of New England winters, and that heartiness resonates with L.L. Bean so much that their collaboration debuts Tuesday.

	The 112-year-old heritage brand is building on its alliance with Kahan, who last year became the first musician to ever work with L.L. Bean. Following up on their initial “Sticks Season collection,” which was a curated assortment of fall styles handpicked by Kahan, the latest installment is the first collaboration of products between the two parties.

	Still drafting off what millions of fans of the 27-year-old Vermonter know him for — that breakout album “Stick Season,” the Freeport, Maine-based company is launching “The Northern Attitude Collection,” a wink at one of the songs on that album. The range debuts Tuesday at 9 a.m. EST on L.L. Bean’s e-commerce site. L.L. Bean is playing to a larger audience thanks to Kahan, whose music has generated more than 7 billion streams. The eight-piece collection reenvisions L.L. Bean signature products, amping up New England ruggedness and “Stick Season.” Kahan’s identity soared to fame thanks to that double-platinum album. But the long-haired creative holds fast to his upbringing in Vermont and New Hampshire.

	











	
			Related Articles	
	













	Fashion Scoops
	



	
			Jury Selection to Start on Monday for Sean Combs' Sex Trafficking Trial	
			













	Fashion Scoops
	



	
			Equinox Unveils 'Tomb Raider'-inspired Vest to Maximize Walking Workouts	
			








	Consumers will find such staples as L.L. Bean’s men’s waxed canvas boots, the Boat and Tote zip top, the men’s signature 1933 chamois shirt, the men’s mountain classic anorak, an adult hoodie, a five-panel hat, and an L.L. “Beanie.” Retail prices will range from $29.95 to $249. There are Made in Maine items included and styles with illustrations of Kahan’s German Shepherd, “Penny.”




			You May Also Like		






	Kahan was said to have often worn his brother’s Bean boots growing up so he knows the brand well. From his viewpoint, wearing the brand makes him feel like he is outside, even if he is not. And that is important since going outside is self-care, especially in relation to his mental health, he said. Adding traces of “Penny, his “closest confidant,” during the creation and launch of Stick Season, makes the collection “really personal and nostalgic,” according to Kahan.  

	As part of the tie-up, L.L. Bean will donate $100,000 to support The Busyhead Project, a mental health wellness initiative that the musician Kahan founded to help debunk stigmas around seeking help.

	L.L. Bean chief marketing officer Nick Wilkoff said, “There is something unspoken that bonds New Englanders — a shared grit and resolve we all need to survive the long, cold winter months. Noah shares that with the world through his music, and we’re proud to share that with our customers and his fans through this collection.”
Sign up for WWD news straight to your inbox every day
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
WWD and Women's Wear Daily are part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All Rights Reserved.