"I would encourage you to get with your mates, make a voting plan and go out and vote, because every vote will matter you"
Mumford & Sons recently performed at Kamala Harris‘ campaign rally in which they urged the public to create a “voting plan”.
The rally took place last night (October 30) in Madison, Wisconsin and saw the likes of Gracie Abrams, The National and Remi Wolf all show their support for the Harris-Walz presidential campaign. “We are Mumford & Sons and there is nowhere else we’d rather be,” frontman Marcus Mumford, told the crowd before jumping into their track ‘The Cave’.
The band played a short four-track set comprised of ‘Little Lion Man’, ‘Awake My Soul’ and ‘I Will Wait’. During their set, the frontman spoke to the crowd and shared: “We love this place, we love this state. I know it might not sound like it, because I grew up in England, but I was born in America.”
He continued: “I was born in California, and last week, it was my great privilege to vote for Vice President Kamala Harris and Governor Tim Walz to be president and vice president of the United States of America.
“And I would encourage you to get with your mates, make a voting plan and go out and vote, because every vote will matter you.” The US election will take place next Tuesday (November 5).
Back in 2021, Mumford & Sons banjo player Winston Marshall left the group and described his departure as a “difficult decision first brought about by an unintentional Twitter storm”.
The banjoist faced backlash that year after tweeting praise for a book by US journalist Andy Ngo, titled Unmasked: Inside Antifa’s Radical Plan To Destroy Democracy. In a since-deleted tweet, Marshall said the book was “important” and hailed Ngo as a “brave man”.
Clarifying his controversial actions in a statement, he said: “The book documents the recent activities of the extreme Left in the US. The tweet was misconstrued by many as an endorsement of the equally abhorrent Far-Right. Nothing could be further from the truth. I condemn unequivocally all political extremism, be it of the Right or Left.”
Marcus Mumford from Mumford and Sons walks off stage at “When We Vote We Win” campaign rally with US Vice President and Democratic presidential candidate Kamala Harris. (Photo by BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI/AFP via Getty Images)
He went on: “At the time of the incident emotions were high and despite the furore, the band invited me to continue with them. Considering the pressure, that took courage.
“I’ve spent much time since reflecting, reading and listening. I know now that, as long as I am a member of the band, speaking my mind on the evils of political extremism could bring them trouble. My loyalty and love for them cannot permit that.”
Marshall also addressed the backlash he received in a post on Medium and wrote: “I’ve had plenty of abuse over the years. I’m a banjo player after all. But this was another level. And, owing to our association, my friends, my bandmates, were getting it too. It took me more than a moment to understand how distressing this was for them.”
In other news, Stevie Nicks recently urged musicians to use their platforms as a way to encourage people to go and vote.
Elsewhere, GloRilla recently shared the four main reasons why she wants her fans to vote for Kamala Harris.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.