The musician will make his debut on the show this weekend.

													By
												

	Hannah Dailey


Shaboozey is ready to get tipsy at 30 Rock, with the 29-year-old breakout country star set to make his Saturday Night Live musical guest debut alongside host Paul Mescal this weekend.

	And in a new promo video for the episode, ‘Boozey and SNL cast member Chloe Fineman flank the Gladiator II star, who at first has to fend off flirtatious advances from the comedian. “I think she’s just hearing what she wants to hear,” the Virginia native eventually tells Mescal, who shrugs.

	In another cut, Fineman makes a joke combining the title of Shaboozey’s 19-week Billboard Hot 100-topper “A Bar Song (Tipsy)” with a play on Mescal’s name — but it doesn’t exactly land. “We’re getting tipsy on mezcal this week!” she says as the musician cheers, “Let’s do it!”

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	Mescal, however, makes it very clear that his last name is not pronounced the same as the similarly spelled alcohol. “It’s Mescal,” he says sternly as ‘Boozey adds: “Damn.”

	Reposting the video on his X account, the “SPAGHETTII” singer wrote excitedly, “Tune in this Saturday!”

	The promo comes two days ahead of Shaboozey’s first rodeo on SNL Dec. 7. Next week, Gracie Abrams will make her own musical guest debut on the Chris Rock-hosted episode, after which Hozier will return to the program with Martin Short as host.

	The SNL invitation is just the latest accolade for Shaboozey in a whirlwind year. On Thanksgiving, he served as the halftime performer for the Detroit Lions vs. Chicago Bears football game, singing “Last of My Kind,” “Highway” and “A Bar Song” at Ford Field. A few weeks before that, he became a Grammy-nominated artist, scoring five nods total in categories including best country song and song of the year.

	Watch Shaboozey’s SNL promo video above.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.