Manage your account
With just over a week until Election Day, Vice President Kamala Harris and former president Donald Trump are in the final push to sway undecided voters across the nation.
In the coming days, both campaigns will pour resources into battleground states like Pennsylvania, Michigan, Wisconsin, Arizona and Georgia, all of which will be pivotal to the election outcome.
Here’s a breakdown of each candidate and their running mate’s plans for the final stretch of the campaign.
The Democratic nominee is focusing her efforts on voter engagement and turnout, particularly among Black and Latino communities and young, college-age voters.
Oct. 28: Saginaw and Macomb Counties, Mich. Harris will be visiting a manufacturing facility in Richland Township in Saginaw County in the afternoon, after which she will tour a labor union training facility in Macomb County.
Oct. 28: Ann Arbor, Mich. In the evening, Harris will join her running mate, Minnesota Gov. Tim Walz, in Ann Arbor — home to the University of Michigan — alongside singer-songwriter Maggie Rogers. Per the Detroit Free Press, the visit is part of the vice president’s attempt to reach younger, college-age voters.
Oct. 29: Ellipse in Washington, D.C. Harris will hold a rally at the Ellipse on the National Mall, which is reportedly expected to draw at least 20,000 attendees. The rally site opens to the public at 3:00 p.m. ET, and the program is expected to conclude at 9:00 p.m.
Oct. 30: Madison, Wis. Harris will host a rally at the University of Wisconsin-Madison. According to the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel, the event will feature performances by Gracie Abrams, Mumford & Sons, Remi Wolf and the National’s Matt Berninger and Aaron Dessner.
Oct. 31: Phoenix, Ariz. Harris will reportedly make a campaign stop in Phoenix, the same day Trump is planning a stop in nearby Tempe.
Oct. 31: Reno and Las Vegas, Nev. Harris will then head to separate rallies in Reno and Las Vegas, the first time she’s visited northern Nevada since becoming the nominee, per the Reno Gazette-Journal.
Republican nominee and former President Donald Trump is also seeking to amplify his message with a series of rallies in battleground states.
Oct. 28: Atlanta, Ga. Trump will hold two events in the Atlanta area, beginning with a speech at the National Faith Summit in Powder Spring and concluding with a rally at Georgia Tech.
Oct. 29: Mar-A-Lago. Trump spoke to reporters from his Mar-A-Lago estate in Palm Beach, Fla., days after comedian Tony Hinchcliffe's controversial comments about Puerto Rico during Trump's rally at Madison Square Garden on Sunday.
Oct. 29: Allentown, Pa. Trump will deliver remarks at a rally in Allentown beginning at 6:00 p.m. EST, per his campaign.
Oct. 30: Rocky Mount, N.C. Trump will hold a rally at the Rocky Mount Event Center in the afternoon, with doors opening at 9:00 a.m. EST.
Oct. 30: Green Bay, Wis. Trump will be joined by former Green Bay Packers quarterback Brett Favre when he visits the city just six days before the election.
Oct. 31: Albuquerque, N.M. Trump will hold a rally at CSI Aviation, Inc. in Albuquerque at 12:00 p.m. EST, with doors opening at 8:00 am.
Oct. 31: Henderson, Nev. Trump returns to the Las Vegas valley to speak at a rally in Henderson at Lee’s Family Forum.
Nov. 1: Milwaukee, Wis. Days before the election, Trump will hold a rally at Fiserv Forum in downtown Milwaukee.
Nov. 2: Salem, Va. Trump will hold a rally at the Salem Civic Center, with doors reportedly opening at noon.
Walz, the Democratic nominee for vice president, is also hitting the trail in the final week to drive home the campaign’s key messages on reproductive rights and early voting.
Oct. 28: Ann Arbor, Mich. Walz will join Harris in Ann Arbor in an attempt to reach younger, college-age voters at the home of the University of Michigan.
Oct. 28: Manitowoc and Waukesha, Wis. Walz’s schedule continues in Manitowoc and Waukesha — the same day that Republican vice presidential nominee JD Vance will be in nearby Racine and Wausau.
Oct. 29: Savannah and Columbus, Ga. Walz will then travel to Savannah and Columbus to promote early voting efforts in predominantly Black communities. (Former first lady Michelle Obama will also headline a rally in nearby Atlanta.)
Trump’s running mate, Ohio Sen. JD Vance, is visiting key locations across Georgia and Pennsylvania to energize supporters in the final week.
Oct. 28: Wisconsin. Vance will make two stops in the Badger State, delivering remarks in Wausau at the Wausau Downtown Airport and in Racine at Racine Memorial Hall.
Oct. 29: Holland, Mich. Vance will hold a rally at HES Equipment in Holland beginning at 3:30 p.m. EST, with doors opening at 12:30 p.m. EST.
Oct. 29: Saginaw, Mich. Vance will then travel to Michigan to deliver remarks at Center Courts in Saginaw.
Oct. 30: Bedford, Penn. Vance will hold a townhall at Bedford County Airport, featuring former U.S. Rep. Tulsi Gabbard.