Taylor Swift will resume the "Eras Tour" on Friday, Oct. 18, 2024, in Miami Gardens, Florida. There are only 18 more concerts in the tour that will end on Dec. 8, 2024, in Canada. In this file photo, Swift performs at Wembley Stadium as part of the tour on Friday, June 21, 2024, in London.Scott A Garfitt/Invision/AP
The beginning of the end of Taylor Swift’s record-breaking “Eras Tour” is just a week away.
The tour resumes on Friday, Oct. 18, in Miami Gardens, Florida, with three concerts at Hard Rock Stadium. While cleanup from Hurricane Milton continues in Florida, there so far is no indication the concerts won’t go on as planned. Miami was not in the path of the hurricane.
Swift’s last concerts on the tour were in August at Wembley Stadium in London.
After Miami, she heads to New Orleans, Louisiana, and Indianapolis, Indiana, before ending the tour with nine concerts in Toronto and Vancouver, Canada. Opening will be Gracie Abrams.
The “Eras Tour” started in Arizona in March 2023. It has included more than 140 concerts on five continents. All concerts were sold out. 
Fans hoping to attend any of the final 18 concerts can find tickets here (prices are as of the time of this publication):
Friday, Oct. 18 - Hard Rock Stadium, Miami Gardens, Florida
Saturday, Oct. 19 - Hard Rock Stadium, Miami Gardens, Florida
Sunday, Oct. 20 - Hard Rock Stadium, Miami Gardens, Florida
Friday, Oct. 25 - Caesars Superdome, New Orleans, Louisiana
Saturday, Oct. 26 - Caesars Superdome, New Orleans, Louisiana
Sunday, Oct. 27 - Caesars Superdome, New Orleans, Louisiana
Friday, Nov. 1 - Lucas Oil Stadium, Indianapolis, Indiana
Saturday, Nov. 2 - Lucas Oil Stadium, Indianapolis, Indiana
Sunday, Nov. 3 - Lucas Oil Stadium, Indianapolis, Indiana
Thursday, Nov. 14 - Rogers Centre, Toronto
Friday, Nov. 15 - Rogers Centre, Toronto
Saturday, Nov. 16 - Rogers Centre, Toronto
Thursday, Nov. 21 - Rogers Centre, Toronto
Friday, Nov. 22 - Rogers Centre, Toronto
Saturday, Nov. 23 - Rogers Center, Toronto
Friday, Dec. 6 - BC Place Stadium, Vancouver
Saturday, Dec. 7 - BC Place Stadium, Vancouver
Sunday, Dec. 8 - BC Place Stadium, Vancouver
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices