Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
The singer-songwriter opened for Swift on and off throughout her nearly two-year global tour.

							By 

	Carly Thomas

Associate Editor

Taylor Swift‘s final Eras Tour show was not only filled with tears from fans throughout the Vancouver arena but also backstage.

Gracie Abrams, who opened for Swift on the final leg of her global tour as well as for some shows in 2023, revealed in a recent interview with Nylon some behind-the-scenes memories she made during the emotional final concert.



	“Everyone had been crying all day. It felt like the last day of school backstage,” she recalled. “Everyone was walking around with their [Eras Tour] books, signing each other’s books. We were all walking around with Sharpies.”

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	News
			



	
		
					Singer-Songwriter Jill Sobule "Filled The Room With This Whirlwind of Whimsy"		
			














	
	News
			



	
		
					Dual Lawsuits Accuse and Deny José Menendez's Alleged Sexual Assaults of Menudo Members		
			








	The “That’s So True” artist also detailed how she’s been coping with the Eras Tour coming to an end after nearly 150 shows across five continents.

	“I watched the live streams on shows that I wasn’t at,” Abrams said. “I’m feeling emotional and grateful and in a state of shock that we don’t, as a global community, get to experience that source of light anymore.” 

	She added, “I was just soaking up every moment of her show, too. I’ve basically been studying it for a year-and-a-half. Every time I’ve opened for her [Swift], I watch and learn. I learned from her every time we have a conversation about the weather, even.”

	Abrams opened for Swift on and off throughout the “Fortnight” singer’s record-breaking tour. She first took to the stage in March 2023 for a show in Arlington, Texas, and later performed for select shows throughout Swift’s first North American run. The “Close to You” artist later joined Swift again for her second North American leg, which wrapped earlier this month in Canada. 

	However, Abrams wasn’t the only one involved with the Eras Tour who has been emotional since the tour wrapped. Dancer Kameron Saunders, who became a Swiftie favorite over the course of the tour, wrote on Instagram last week that he had not stopped crying since the final show.

	“I’m not quite ready with the proper words to encapsulate this entire experience and the past 2 years of my life so guys PLEASE be patient with me as I navigate how best to do that,” he wrote in part. “BUT what I can and am ready to do is say thank you to my Boss Lady!”
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.