By CHARLOTTE DEAN FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  23:55, 23 June 2024   |  Updated:  08:46, 24 June 2024   
 108
View  comments
Taylor Swift fans got far more than they bargained for when they arrived at the third night of her Wembley Stadium gigs on Sunday evening in London.
A group of shocked fans were joined by a musical legend, who was spotted dancing in the crowd as thousands arrived at the iconic venue.
The secret Swiftie was none other than Beatles star Sir Paul McCartney, who danced and sang with concert-goers as he made his way to the VIP tent.
The group circled around Paul, 82, as they waved their arms and jumped about excitedly following his chance passing in the crowd.
In a clip shared on X where Paul was dancing with Taylor fans, the caption read: 'Paul McCartney having the time of his life dancing along to But Daddy I Love Him as Taylor Swift performs live at today's show!'
Taylor Swift fans got far more than they bargained for when they arrived at the third night of her Wembley Stadium gigs on Sunday evening in London
A group of shocked fans were joined by a musical legend, who was spotted dancing in the crowd as thousands arrived at the iconic venue
The secret Swiftie was none other than Beatles star Sir Paul McCartney , who danced and sang with concert-goers as he made his way to the VIP tent
Paul was also seen playing to the crowd as he walked across the standing area, waving his arms and greeting fans.
The Liverpudlian singer was joined by his fashion designer daughter Stella McCartney and his wife Nancy Shevell.
Paul was dressed in black trousers with a navy shirt for the occasion.
Elsewhere at the star-studded concert, Phoebe Waller-Bridge proved she is still the best of friends with her Fleabag co-star Andrew Scott as they partied the night away.
The actress and director, 38, boogied alongside her pal, 47, in the VIP tent during the London run of her Eras tour. 
Phoebe's appearance comes after she was unveiled as one of the latest members of Taylor's famous 'squad' after enjoying a night out with her in London recently.
The star-studded night also included Kate Moss, Cara Delevingne and Lena Dunham, with the group being dubbed her new London 'girl squad'.
Taylorts ever-expanding friendship group ensured they were among the crowd at her concerts over the three-day leg of her tour.
Elsewhere at the star-studded concert, Phoebe Waller-Bridge proved she is still the best of friends with her Fleabag co-star Andrew Scott as they partied the night away 
The actress and director, 38, boogied alongside her pal, 47, in the VIP box 
Taylort s ever-expanding friendship group ensured they were among the crowd at her concerts over the three-day leg of her tour (pictured on Sunday night at Wembley)
Bringing the star power, Sophie Turner, Ellie Goulding and Cate Blanchett lead the way as they mingled in the audience at her sold-out show.
So far her London dates have attracted some of the biggest names in Britain, including Prince William, Prince George and Princess Charlotte.
The huge names continued to roll in as celebrities were spotted among the crowd at the iconic venue, including Beatles legend Paul McCartney.
Game Of Thrones star Sophie, 28, was spotted putting on a jovial display as she wrapped her arm around her friend Gracie Abrams while enjoying a drink.
Meanwhile, unlikely duo Ellie, 37, and Cate, 55, were also seen in the VIP box at the venue ahead of her performance, which is supported by Paramore.
Another musical legend who attended the show was Jon Bon Jovi, while Taylor's supportive boyfriend Travis Kelce was also at the performance. 
According to social media sleuths, Zawe Ashton, Ruby Stokes, Rebecca Adlington Christopher McQuarrie and Jade Thirlwall were also at the show.
Tickets to the show have been going for hundreds of pounds a pop and entry to the show continues to be the hottest ticket in town this weekend.
Fans are eager to catch a glimpse of the American pop sensation before her tour moves onto Ireland next week. Taylor will return with five more dates at Wembley in mid-August.
Tickets to the show have been going for hundreds of pounds a pop and entry to the show continues to be the hottest ticket in town this weekend

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group