Expect “Fireworks.”
Katy Perry just announced the Canadian leg of her forthcoming ‘Lifetimes Tour,’ which is set to take place in July and August 2025.
Notable stops on the Great North run include Vancouver (July 22), Edmonton (July 24), Montreal (July 30), Quebec City (Aug. 1) and Toronto (Aug. 5).
“‘The Lifetimes Tour’ is going to be a dance party and everyone is invited,” the 40-year-old hitmaker said when announcing U.K. dates.
Prior to the ‘Lifetimes Tour’ — Perry has yet to release the U.S. dates for the international trek — she will headline a Jingle Ball concert at New York City’s Madison Square Garden on Friday, Dec. 13 along with Tate McRae, Meghan Trainor, Gracie Abrams and more.
Fans KatyCats can purchase tickets for all upcoming Katy Perry shows on sites like Vivid Seats; the official on-sale for her Canadian ‘Lifetimes Tour’ shows is Friday, Nov. 29.
Vivid Seats is a secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand.
They have a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and will be delivered before the event.
A complete calendar including all tour dates, venues and links to buy tickets can be found here.
As you may have noticed, Perry has a trio of Jingle Ball headlining spots lined up this year.
Each show will feature Perry as well as a handful of major headliners. To make sure you know who will be at the concert of your choosing, we’ve got all the information you need about all three below.
The inimitable hitmaker wrapped her Las Vegas residency in November 2023. Although we’re not sure what she’ll bring to the stage at the ‘Lifetimes Tour,’ here’s what made it to the stage at her final career-spanning five-act ‘Play’ show in Sin City according to Set List FM.
Henry of Horror
01.) “E.T.”02.) “Chained to the Rhythm”
03.) “Dark Horse”04.) “Not the End of the World”Flushed
05.) “California Gurls”06.) “Hot n Cold”
07.) “Last Friday Night (T.G.I.F.)”08.) “Waking Up in Vegas”
Eat Me
09.) “Bon appétit”10.) “Daisies”
11.) “I Kissed a Girl”Trashun
12.) “Lost”13.) “Part of Me”14.) “Wide Awake”15.) “Never Really Over”16.) “Swish Swish”17.) “When I’m Gone”18.) “Walking on Air”Perry Playland
19.) “Teenage Dream”20.) “Smile”21.) “Roar”Encore
22.) “The Greatest Love of All” (George Benson cover)23.) “Firework”
On Sept. 20, Perry released her seventh studio album “143.”
The 11-track record is a glossy dance party that’s designed to get listeners on their feet and largely succeeds. This is big, bold pop in a shiny package at its very best. 
Earworms here include the Crystal Waters-sampling “I’m His, He’s Mine” (featuring Doechii), pulsing “Crush” and replay-worthy “Lifetimes.”
If you’d like to hear for yourself, you can find “143” here.
While we wait for Perry to announce her U.S. tour dates, we can at least take solace in the fact that many huge stars have shows in the land of the free and home of the brave lined up these next few months.
Here are just five of our favorites you won’t want to miss live in the near future.
• Sabrina Carpenter
• Tate McRae
• Billie Eilish
• Dua Lipa
• Mariah Carey
Who else is on the road this year? Check out our list of all the 2025 Grammy nominees on tour these next few months to find the show for you.
This article was written by Matt Levy, New York Post live events reporter. Levy stays up-to-date on all the latest tour announcements from your favorite musical artists and comedians, as well as Broadway openings, sporting events and more live shows – and finds great ticket prices online. Since he started his tenure at the Post in 2022, Levy has reviewed a Bruce Springsteen concert and interviewed Melissa Villaseñor of SNL fame, to name a few. Please note that deals can expire, and all prices are subject to change