Almost a year of dating and she's still "swooning."
Christina Perrier is InStyle’s assistant editor and a writer in the fashion, celebrity, and lifestyle spaces.
Getty Images
 If you're still not over Travis Kelce's surprise cameo at Taylor Swift's Wembley Stadium concert, you'll be pleased to know that she isn't, either. Now that Swift has hard-launched her relationship with the Kansas City Chiefs tight end on Instagram—with the most iconic selfie featuring Prince William, Prince George, and Princess Charlotte—she can't stop gushing over her man. She took to Instagram again to shine a spotlight on their sweet romance.

 Swift's London show was full of memorable moments, which she commemorated with photos and a sweet caption.

 "Wembley Stadium round one was so surreal," she wrote. She cited her performance of "Castles Crumbling" with Hayley Williams, singing "Us" with Gracie Abrams, and last, but never least, the unexpected moment with her beau.

Getty Images
 "I’m still cracking up/swooning over @killatrav’s Eras Tour debut 🥰 Never going to forget these shows," Swift gushed in the caption.

 Kelce is no stranger to the Era's Tour, having attended several shows since July 2023, when he first shot his shot with the singer. He has been spotted singing and swaying from the stands, but on Sunday, he finally became acquainted with the stage. The football star made his debut wearing a suit and top hat; he carried his girl across the stage in the skit that precedes her hit song "I Can Do It With a Broken Heart."

Getty Images
 As the cover slide, Swift included a snap of herself looking over at the dapper football star while she underwent an on-stage costume change. Another dramatic image in the carousel shows Kelce from the back, carrying Swift in his arms, recalling visions of Sleeping Beauty. The last slide in the post includes a snapshot of Kelce looking giddy as he carries Swift, fans her, and touches up her makeup with a fluffy brush.

 If his ear-to-ear grin is any indicator, it would appear Kelce loved taking in his moment—and Swift was happy to share the spotlight.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)