Now 
56
 Sun 
65
 Mon 
64
by JACKSON WALKER | The National News Desk
TOPICS:
MADISON, Wis. (TNND) — A recording of a University of Wisconsin-Madison faculty member calling Robert F. Kennedy Jr. a “psychopath” and “moron” went viral on social media Monday, sparking outrage online.
Timothy Paustian is a distinguished professor in the school’s Department of Bacteriology. His research focuses on "microbiology education" and “helping students increase their performance on multiple-choice exams," according to the department's website.
The professor during a class on Friday slammed President-elect Donald Trump’s pick to lead the Department of Health and Human Services, according to a clip circulating social media.
“It’s not a political thing, that’s a fact,” the professor added. “And I am concerned that if we do have a pandemic with him in charge, he’s going to be talking about crystals and meditation, alright? Ignore people like that and I charge you guys with educating your friends and family. Hopefully this doesn’t happen.”
That clip received 1 million views on X as of Monday afternoon. Reacting to the video was the school’s College Republicans chapter.
“It is inappropriate for a professor at a public university to make controversial political comments in his class,” it wrote. “Unfortunately, this is a common phenomenon at UW-Madison.”
Also speaking out was Rep. Bryan Steil, R-Wis., who said “we should be teaching students how to think, not what to think.”
Wisconsin state Sen. Julian Bradley, R-Waukesha, added “the UW system just asked for $855M from the taxpayers and there's a lot of heartburn in the Capitol and in communities all over the state because of examples just like this.”
Paustian reportedly told Wisconsin radio host Dan O’Donnell he regretted the remark.
“It was a joke,” he wrote. “I probably should not have said it. But I am concerned about HHS stance if we do have a pandemic."
A spokesperson for the university told TNND that although "the discussion of the topic was directly related to the course material" and Paustian "stands by his views of the subject," the professor acknowledged "his characterization of prospective federal appointees was unnecessary and inappropriate." The spokesperson noted the professor "shared an apology" with students during a Monday meeting of his class.
The school was briefly advertised as the site of a star-studded visit by Vice President Kamala Harris during her presidential bid before the event was ultimately held at the nearby Alliant Center. She was accompanied by musical acts Gracie Abrams, Mumford & Sons, Aaron Dessner, Matt Berninger and Remi Wolf.
Follow Jackson Walker on X at @_jlwalker_ for the latest trending national news. Have a news tip? Send it to jacwalker@sbgtv.com.