Taylor Swift may have just left the UK, but that doesn't mean Swifties cannot follow her. And Wowcher has just unveiled the best way to do so.
The online deals website has put on a brand new competition which allows fans to enter for the chance to win two tickets to Taylor Swift's Eras Tour show in Miami on Saturday, October 19, 2024. And there's plenty more on the table, too.
The lucky winner of this competition will also be given return flights from a UK airport, £500 spending money, resort transfers, and an airport lounge. Bizarrely, there's even more, as you'll also be given a hotel stay, as well.
READ MORE: Taylor Swift's dancer sends fans wild with EastEnders reference during singer's final Eras show
READ MORE: Taylor Swift leaves fans speechless as she makes huge change to Eras Tour
The winner will also be given a room at the Ritz Carlton on Miami Beach. This five-star hotel experience will include a king-sized room along with breakfast.
Ticket entries for the Wowcher competition are available right now, and they begin at just £10. There are even more options on offer, as well, if you want to really try your luck at winning this exciting event.
First of all, here's the link you need to buy your tickets:
Swifties have three options to buy tickets for the Wowcher competition. The first is the £10 ticket option, which gives fans 40 entries, coming up to around 25p per entry.
The second option is £20, giving you 140 entries. This comes to around 14p per entry.
Finally, fans could pay £29 for 400 entries, equating to around 7p per entry. This is obviously the best value, but by far the most expensive. Fans should think carefully before they pick their entry.
You can read the full list of terms and conditions on Wowcher's Taylor Swift page here. Otherwise, we have the full list of competition details below:
For fans who would rather purchase their own Taylor Swift tickets for the upcoming Miami show, we've got you covered. However, it should be noted that these tickets do go through resale websites such as viagogo.
Sites such as viagogo, Stubhub, and Vivid Seats allow fans to buy resale tickets from other fans. However, it is important to note that ticket conditions often prohibit resale after initial purchase. Those tickets may not be valid for admittance to gigs.
Fans intending to buy tickets for live events through resale websites should check the ticket terms and conditions, to confirm whether resale is prohibited, before they buy. Ticket terms and conditions can be checked with the original seller, such as Ticketmaster or Live Nation. If resale is prohibited, tickets bought second-hand could be voided and admission to the event refused.
If that's fine with you, there are plenty of options available right now. Here's the links:
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.