ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
SAO PAULO, BRAZIL - NOVEMBER 24: (EDITORIAL USE ONLY. NO BOOK COVERS.) Taylor Swift performs onstage ... More during "Taylor Swift | The Eras Tour" at Allianz Parque on November 24, 2023 in Sao Paulo, Brazil. (Photo by Buda Mendes/TAS23/Getty Images for TAS Rights Management )
Taylor Swift is busy with several career projects at the moment. She’s pushing her latest album The Tortured Poets Department, which is still riding high on the Billboard charts. The superstar is also in the middle of the European leg of her The Eras Tour, which is expected to continue through 2024.
As she focuses on her new album, current single “Fortnight” with Post Malone, and a global tour, Swift is also likely heading for another hit. The singer recently shared a new song alongside a friend and rising talent, and the tune seems like it’s on its way to becoming a smash, even if only for a short time.
On Friday (June 21), Swift joined Gracie Abrams on the song “Us.” The track is featured on the newcomer’s latest album The Secret of Us, which dropped on the same day.
It didn’t take very long for “Us” to become the standout cut from The Secret of Us. Abrams has been surging in popularity lately and her career is on the rise, but the inclusion of Swift is enough to make any track from pretty much any musician a commercial success.
After only a few hours of availability, the song soared into the top 10 on the U.S. iTunes chart. Whether or not it continues to sell that well for the next few days, the cut may have sold enough copies to reach a handful of Billboard tallies when they refresh again and after it’s enjoyed a complete seven-day tracking frame.
“Us” could bring Abrams her second Hot 100 hit as a lead artist. She recently scored her first, as “Close to You” opened at No. 49 on the ranking of the most-consumed tracks in the country. She’s also landed on the tally alongside Noah Kahan on “Everywhere, Everything,” which stalled at No. 79.
Swift has several hundred Hot 100 hits to her credit, and that number is climbing all the time. The new tune might help her also return to the Digital Song Sales chart, as well as a handful of genre-specific rosters, depending on how Billboard classifies the cut. Her star power and talent will almost surely make “Us” the most popular title from The Secret of Us, at least after the album’s first week.