Taylor Swift has resumed her Eras tour after a security issue brought the action to a sudden and unexpected halt early in August. So if you are ready to see the talented singer-songwriter live, we’ve compiled everything we know about how to get Taylor Swift tickets this year. Swift’s 11th studio album, The Tortured Poets Department, came out on back April 19. That means you should expect to hear songs from that record on her tour along with hits from 2022’s Midnights.
Taylor Swift is continuing her "Eras" tour through the end of the year. Here's how to get Taylor ... More Swift tickets now.
For many people, Ticketmaster might be the first stop for getting Eras tour tickets, since the artist links out to this platform from her official website. Unfortunately, many of Swift’s shows are already sold out on Ticketmaster, including concert dates in the United States (Miami, Indianapolis or New Orleans). But don’t be discouraged—we’ve rounded up some other ways to get Eras tour tickets.
Tickets are already on sale for the 2024 Eras tour dates in North America and Europe, and are selling out fast. If you want to see Taylor Swift live this year, your best bet is to buy as soon as you find a location, date and price that works for you.
Make no mistake: Taylor Swift tickets aren’t cheap. You may find some good deals depending on the venue and how close to the stage you are, but almost any Swift tickets going to set you back anywhere from hundreds to thousands of dollars.
Her European show prices are vastly different from her North American ones, starting around $250. In all cases, though, don’t forget that these list prices will also come with ticket reseller fees added to the final price.
Taylor Swift is playing at multiple venues across Europe, the United States and Canada through the end of the year. She is typically performing at each location anywhere from two to five nights before moving onto the next stop. There’s one notable exception: She’s appearing for just a single show in Cardiff, United Kingdom.
Attendees have reported that the latest iteration of the Eras tour has been massively revamped to make room for songs from Swift’s latest album, The Tortured Poets Department—not only has she added songs, but the show is longer, now running over three hours as compared to the more typical two-hour performance.
Here is a typical setlist from shows she has been performing this past summer and fall. Keep in mind that she often improvises her setlist, adding acoustic songs and mixing up the song list based on guest artists who sometimes join her on stage.
Swift’s sixth concert tour pays homage to all of the eras fans have experienced with her, showcasing songs from her entire discography. This includes tunes from her 2006 debut album, Taylor Swift through to her latest endeavor, The Tortured Poets Department.
Taylor Swift is bringing along Paramore for her European shows and Gracie Abrams for her North American performances.
Whether or not you decide to buy tickets to a Taylor Swift show, you can still get merchandise that says you went to the Eras tour or at least are tapped into the hype. Check out our roundup of the best Taylor Swift merch that has been crafted by fans or has their stamp of approval.
Pretty much everything is sold out on Ticketmaster, but you have plenty of other options to purchase tickets on various sites, including Vivid Seats and StubHub.
TIME estimates more than six million tickets have been sold as of March 15, 2024. That has contributed to making this the first musical tour in history to ever make more than $1 billion, and that only includes the first half of the tour that ran in 2023.
Many of the writers and editors at Forbes Vetted have a deep love of concerts and live music events. That’s why we follow popular artists, research the best ways to find concert tickets and keep you in the know when it comes to finding the best seats and prices for popular concert events. Here are some other ticket stories to shop: