If you’re based in the U.S. but just absolutely can’t wait to see the current leg of Taylor Swift’s 2024 “Eras Tour”, your best best (believe it or not) is to head to London! Tickets are still available at a variety of price points, some even cheaper than tickets in the U.S., for her shows August 15, 16, 17, 19, and 20.
Are there any ticket discounts, coupon codes for Taylor Swift?
Through a special arrangement, if you are purchasing tickets for the first time through Vivid Seats, use our special discount promo code “Oregon20″ at checkout to save $20 on orders of $200 or more for the event you plan on attending.
What are the other ‘Eras Tour’ dates coming up in the U.S.?
Taylor Swift is coming back to the U.S.! Her tour dates include:
Miami - October 18-20
New Orleans - October 25-27
Indianapolis - Nov 1-3
Who will be opening for Taylor Swift on tour?
Taylor Swift will be joined by 2000s pop-alt-rock band Paramore opening for all European tour dates. the band rose to fame with their hit “Misery Business” and are fronted by singer Hayley Williams. Singer Gracie Abrams will open on most U.S. tour dates.
What’s the setlist for the ‘Eras Tour’?
Taylor Swift’s new album “The Tortured Poets Department” was released while she was on break and the following are rumored to have made it into the new version of her 45-song setlist including songs from:
Lover,” “Fearless,” “Red,” “Speak Now,” “Reputation,” “Folklore,” “Evermore,” “1989,″ “The Tortured Poets Department”, and “Midnights”.
What new songs will Swift be performing from the Tortured Poets Department album?
“But Daddy I Love Him,” “So High School,” “Who’s Afraid of Little Old Me?,” “Down Bad,” “Fortnight,” “The Smallest Man Who Ever Lived” and “I Can Do It With A Broken Heart” are said to be included from the new album.
Will Swift’s boyfriend Travis Kelce make an appearance on tour?
Football player Kelce is rumored to be very supportive of Swift’s tour and musical career, though it is not yet clear whether he is intending to make an appearance at any of the U.S. or European tour dates to support Swift.
Need somewhere to stay during your epic T-Swift adventure to London?
If you’re ready to buy the cheapest Taylor Swift “Era’s Tour” tickets available and need a place to stay on your epic vacay, check out VRBO for stays for your whole family, or for the perfect girls’ trip across the pond.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices