Capital




                
                    Sonny Jay
                
                

4pm - 7pm


Messy

                        

    
    Lola Young
    

                    

Download 'Messy' on iTunes



                        
                            News
                            



29 January 2025, 16:17 | Updated: 20 February 2025, 16:13

        
            By Abbie Reynolds
        
    
Inside Gladiator's Paul Mescal and 'That's So True' singer Grace Abrams' relationship timeline. 
Oscar nominee Paul Mescal and 'That's So True' singer Gracie Abrams have been romantically linked since 2023 but but managed to keep their relationship under wraps until the summer of 2024.
After Paul split from ex-girlfriend Phoebe Bridgers in 2022 he vowed to keep his relationships private, rightly stating it was "nobody else’s business" during an interview with Harper’s Bazaar. However, he and Gracie have been spotted together quite a bit since they were said to be dating and even Paul's sister has weighed in on the dating news.
So, let's take a look at their relationship and whether they are still together in 2025 after they both had an action-packed 2024.
As of January 2025 it has been rumoured that Gracie and Paul have called things off. This comes after an eye witness claims to have seen their break up in the flesh at the restaurant Jolene, in Newington Green, London.
The eye witness told the Daily Mail: "They were sat at a table opposite each other and Paul had his head in his hands as Gracie just sat there crying. She was crying so much that he then started to cry too.
"She eventually got up and walked out of the restaurant while they were halfway through their meal and he was left to pay the bill before leaving shortly afterwards.
"Everyone saw it all go down, it looked like a break-up, we were just shocked at how public it all was."
In October 2023, gossip page DeuxMoi, shared a tip that stated: “I’ve heard from two separate sources that Paul Mescal and Gracie Abrams are seeing each other, but I haven’t witnessed it myself.” 
However they weren't officially spotted together until the summer of 2024 when they were seeing hanging out together in London.
This was when TMZ obtained pictures of them at a restaurant sat across from one another which seemed to be the first confirmation of them dating.
In pictures obtained by the Daily Mail, Paul and Gracie were seeing spending a sunny day in London together before ending the day at All Points East Festival. An onlooker claimed they weren't "shy" about being seen together and shared a lot of kisses out in public.
Paul was spotted supporting Gracie at the start of her 'The Secret of Us tour' in NYC and a People source claimed they were "going strong".
Before the show, the Daily Mail obtained pictures of them in New York looking super cosy and casual, walking around as Paul wrapped his arms around Gracie and kissed her on the side of her head.
Not long after this, Gracie released her deluxe album with the song 'Packing It Up' which fans are convinced she penned about Paul.
Appearing on The Graham Norton Show Paul wore a grey cardigan that fit quite tight on him, this started a viral chat about whether or not he was wearing Gracie's cardigan.
Internet sleuths even noticed the placement of the buttons, with one writing on Reddit: "Note the right over left buttons; this is probably part of a women’s twin-set or other cardigan."
is he wearing gracie abrams’ cardigan? https://t.co/5ILkMfX5qv
Stans of Paul and Gracie almost lost their heads when Nell Mescal shared a TikTok of her lip-syncing to Gracie's 'That's So True'. In the comments, Gracie said: "Absolutely yes."
One fan wrote: "Sister in law vibes."
The weekend after Paul Mescal hosted Saturday Night Live, Gracie performed on the show and they were spotted heading to the afterparty together.
If you cast your minds back to October 2023, this is how Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce hard-launched their relationship. We hope the relationship Gods are as good to Paul and Gracie as they have been to Taylor and Travis.
Gracie Abrams e Paul Mescal adentrando juntos a afterparty do SNL ontem (via: @/stalindo80 no TikTok). pic.twitter.com/SbHVnnnT6H
According to a fan encounter Gracie visited Paul and his family in their hometown of Cork over Christmas. This was revealed when fans shared a TikTok showing how the couple posed for pictures in a local SuperValu.
They posted the TikTok with the caption: "Tryna act cool but Gracie Abrams and Paul Mescal walked into the shop and asked me where the eggs were."
Like we mentioned earlier, in January, after supposedly spending the holidays today, Gracie and Paul are believed to have broken up after an eyewitness claimed to have seen them in an emotionally fraught exchange at a restaurant in London.
They claimed that Gracie ended up storming out and Paul was left to pay the bill. However, here is no official confirmation on this news.
See more More News
TV & Film
TV & Film
TV & Film
TV & Film
See more Exclusive Videos
TV & Film
TV & Film
TV & Film
TV & Film
TV & Film
Rihanna
One Direction
News
Dua Lipa
See more Featured Artists