Follow us
The Paul Mescal-ification of menswear is quite something. Head to a trendy part of a trendy city and you’re gonna see three-inch gym shorts, hoodies and ball caps galore, thanks to the Gladiator 2 actor’s notable off-duty uniform. But with winter in full swing, getting your thighs out is harder than it was at the height of summer. In New York, Mescal, ever the flag bearer for hot-guy menswear, didn’t let the weather stop him from steaming up his fit.
It’s big coat season in the Big Apple, and it’s something Mescal nailed. He went for a heavy, tailored overcoat, relaxed stonewash jeans, and leather boots. But up-top, he threw on a fitted ringer tee, which he tucked into his pants revealing a black leather belt.
With a blue collar and faded red graphic contrasting with the T-shirt’s white body, it’s at odds with rest of the look — and that’s why it works. Ringer tees were originally worn by athletes who favoured the breathable fabric, but quickly caught on with the general public thanks to their contrasting colours. And for Mescal, a former Gaelic football player, it’s right up his street.
It fits close to the body, helping to flex his gladiator-worthy gym routine that he used to bulk up for the his latest movie, and it's a winter-friendly alternative to shorts, especially with a massive coat. But skin-clinging credentials aside, by pairing the sporty tee with boots and jeans, you’re adding a healthy bit of tension to the rest of the fit, mixing sporty and classic menswear like a pro.
But this isn’t the first time Mescal has repped a ringer tee in the wild. Earlier this year, when the weather wasn’t quite so severe, he soft-launched his relationship with Gracie Abrams in a ringer tee, again with loose-fitting trousers and boots. It’s what the actor does best, amping up really well-fitting basics like jeans and tees with killer boots and outerwear. It's a pretty solid recipe for a major fit without trying too hard. Think Jeremy Allen White's slacker hot uniform, but a tad less chill.
Now the weather is getting colder, short inseams are off the cards for most guys, but fitted tees might not be. So if you’re looking to give your winter menswear some rizz, then do as Paul Mescal does. Size down on your ringer T-shirt, tuck it, and dial things up with the rest of the fit.
See More Stories
Condé Nast Britain
© 2025 Condé Nast