Decked in diamonds and fantasy tweeds, a glittering celebrity crowd lit up Chanel’s new jewel-box boutique.
The French house celebrated the opening today of its first stand-alone watch and fine jewelry flagship in the US with a decadent cocktail party and dinner for dozens, followed by a surprise performance by Grammy-nominated artist Gracie Abrams. Chanel-clad artists including America Ferrera, Carey Mulligan, Kerry Washington, Katie Holmes, Michelle Williams, Natasha Lyonne, Lucy Boynton and Kelsey Asbille dazzled in countless carats of Coco Crush, Camélia, Comète Couture, Ruban and Eternal N°5 bijoux. 
Located at 730 Fifth Ave. in the Crown Building, an iconic Beaux Arts skyscraper, the boutique is steps from the Plaza hotel and Central Park. Its interiors are designed by architect Peter Marino, a longtime Chanel collaborator, with nods to founder Gabrielle “Coco” Chanel and her storied Paris apartment. 
Her favorite design motifs and color pairings play out across the gleaming two-story space: black and gold lacquer paneling, coromandel wall screens, gilded mirrors and an opulent mix of contemporary and fine art and antiques. There’s even a spectacular staircase featuring 24-karat-gold-framed rock accents by Goossens, the famed Parisian goldsmith who crafted the custom “Dream Catcher” chandeliers. 
As for the gems, they’re showcased in two fine jewelry salons. Custom engraving is offered on Coco Crush rings, a service exclusive to the Fifth Avenue boutique. A watch salon carries cult J12 and Première Édition Originale timepieces, among others. VIP clients can try on their treasures in two plush private rooms. 
Also on display are high jewelry and haute horlogerie watches, the terms for the most elaborate and costly masterworks, usually set with rare stones.
Patrice Leguéreau, director of the Fine Jewelry Creation Studio, developed a high-jewelry collection exclusive to the store. Named Eternal N°5, it’s composed of a transformable diamond necklace and earrings adorned with a white-gold and diamond “5,” and emerald-cut diamonds that evoke the shape of the Chanel N°5 bottle stopper. Those diamonds can be removed and worn on rings.
Another magnificent high-jewelry line debuting in New York is Lion Solaire de Chanel, a white-gold and diamond parure with lion motifs, inspired by Coco Chanel’s Leo star sign.
Most awe-inspiring of all is the 55.55 Necklace, sent by the house’s patrimony in Paris to celebrate the Manhattan opening. Created in 2021 to mark the 100th anniversary of Chanel N°5 perfume, the high-jewelry marvel holds a flawless diamond cut to exactly 55.55 carats, surrounded by an array of twinkling diamonds that form the silhouette of the Chanel N°5 bottle.
That’s how legends are made.
Advertisement