By SONIA HORON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  07:36, 17 December 2024   |  Updated:  15:25, 17 December 2024   
 1k
View  comments
Katy Perry appeared gaunt while attending iHeartRadio Q102's Jingle Ball in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania on Monday.
The California Gurls hitmaker, 40 — who previously poked fun of rumors she's using Ozempic — showed off her disappearing waistline in a sheer red sequin dress. 
The daring fiery look featured a thigh-high slit and a completely see-trough midriff panel highlighting her trim frame. 
The singer wore dramatic makeup, featuring silver eyeshadow, a bold lip and pink blush that drew attention to her sharp cheekbones and jawline - a stark contrast to her fuller face from just a year ago. 
Her raven tresses were parted in the middle and cascaded down her back in loose waves.
Orlando Bloom's other half later took the stage for a thrilling performance, as she changed into a silver mini dress. 
Katy Perry, 40, appeared gaunt while attending iHeartRadio Q102's Jingle Ball in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania on Monday; (L) seen on Monday, (R) pictured in 2023
The California Gurls hitmaker showed off her disappearing waistline in a sheer red sequin dress 
The star paired the outfit with mid-thigh silver boots. 
In October, Katy poked fun of rumors she was using Hollywood's favorite weight loss drug Ozempic. 
The hitmaker whisked her pals away to Geneva for a 40s-themed bash, and gave out goodie bags which included an empty mini-syringe emblazoned with the word OzempiKP.
Earlier this year, Katy shared a sexy photo of herself from a shoot with British photographer Jack Bridgland in a bid to kickstart her musical comeback.
However, it quickly sparked rumors that she'd been using the weight loss Ozempic, after catching the eye with her newly-toned physique.
A source went onto tell DailyMail.com that the secret behind her jaw dropping new look was Orlando.
The Roar hitmaker adopted the actor's diet and exercise routines in preparation for her first album release in four years, cutting out processed foods and curbing her alcohol intake.
'She loves savory food, she loves chicken nuggets and sugary food, but recently she has been way more disciplined and has chosen to follow Orlando's diet,' an insider told DailyMail.com.
The daring fiery look featured a thigh-high slit and a completely see-trough midriff panel, highlighting her trim frame 
The singer wore dramatic makeup that drew attention to her sharp cheekbones and jawline - a stark contrast to her fuller face from just a year ago
In October, Katy poked fun of rumors she was using Hollywood's favorite weight loss drug Ozempic 
A source told DailyMail.com that the secret behind her jaw dropping new look was her partner Orlando Bloom, sharing that Katy adopted the actor's diet and exercise routines 
She later took the stage for a thrilling performance, as she changed into a silver mini dress
The star paired the outfit with mid-thigh silver boots
Katy put on a dynamic show
She thrilled the audience with her vocals
She looked ecstatic to be performing 
She rocked out with her bass player
Later, Katy also strapped on a silver guitar for an unforgettable performance 
Katie commanded the stage
Katy showed off a fuller figure in April 2022; Pictured at the American Idol 20th Anniversary Celebration
'She has been working out more because she wants to do some shows to support her upcoming album, so now is the time to look great. 
'Orlando has been her right-hand man and has helped her out. They eat the same and work out the same. She has cut out tons of processed food and doesn't drink that much.
'She has been looking incredible because she is sticking to the new routine.'
After unveiling the cover art for Woman's World and sharing a video from the shoot, fans were quick to speculate that she had used a weight loss wonder drug – a favorite of celebrities including Sharon Osborne, Scott Disick and Oprah Winfrey – to achieve her new figure.
But the insider shot down such claims, insisting her toned physique is down to working 'hard.'
'Her weight loss has nothing to do with any help from Ozempic or weight loss drugs,' they added. 'She just worked hard and is eating better than ever.'
Also performing at the popular annual holiday concert event on Monday was Meghan Trainor, 30.
The All About That Bass hitmaker rocked a small black leather skirt with a bedazzled bustier and a Santa hat.
Meghan Trainor was also in attendance at the event ahead of her performance. The singer put on a glamorous display in a sexy, black winter outfit with frosty white, contrasting details
At one point, while posing on the red carpet and showing off her slender figure, she threw on a pair of oval-shaped glasses
She showcased her chic and sultry rendition of her winter holiday look
Trainor, 30, also performed at the popular annual holiday concert event on Monday
The All About That Bass hitmaker rocked a small black leather skirt with a bedazzled bustier and a Santa hat
She held a bedazzled microphone 
The star sizzled in the Christmas inspired look 
Trainor was joined by a number of backup dancers
There was a festive Christmas tree behind her
She ended her show with confetti 
Jason Derulo, 35, rocked the stage shirtless
The singer and dancer had all eyes on him, sporting black leather pants and a studded belt
He accessorized with a diamond-encrusted watch
Jason worked up a sweat while performing
Derulo was joined by scantily clad female dancers
Before taking off his shirt he sported a denim jacket
Dancers were seen with their hands on Jason 
Gracie Abrams, 25, gave an acoustic performance
The star smiled while strumming on her guitar
She held a bedazzled microphone. 
Jason Derulo, 35, also performed. The musician rocked the stage shirtless. 
The singer and dancer had all eyes on him, sporting black leather pants and a studded belt. 
He accessorized with a diamond-encrusted watch. 
Gracie Abrams, 25, gave an acoustic performance. 
The event is a popular annual holiday concert hosted by iHeartRadio's Q102 station in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It features performances by top artists in pop, hip-hop, and R&B music. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group