Taylor Swift will perform in Germany from July 17-19.Getty Images for TAS Rights Management
“You Need to Calm Down” because I just found Taylor Swift tickets for around $100.
Swift is set to perform in Gelsenkirchen, Germany at Veltins Arena from July 17-19, and Swifties cannot wait to see what the singer has in store.
And the fact that tickets start at $102 means they are destined to fly off the market.
Here’s everything you need to know to see Taylor Swift live on her international tour.
Throughout the “Eras Tour,” the cheapest last-minute tickets for Swift’s 2024 concerts have been on StubHub and Vivid Seats.
At the time of publication, the cheapest ticket for Swift’s July 17 “Eras Tour” concert in Germany is $107 on StubHub with tickets listed as high as $3,203.
For her July 18 show, the cheapest ticket at the time of publication (before fees) is $102 on StubHub, with tickets listed as high as $2,657.
Finally, for her July 19 concert, the cheapest ticket available at the time of publication is $112 on StubHub, with tickets listed as high as $1,843.
First-time Vivid Seats users can save $20 on ticket orders over $200 by entering promo code NJ20 at checkout.
Fans also should check out other secondary sites to snag last-minute tickets, like TicketCity and SeatGeek.
Taylor Swift will perform 84 shows throughout the second leg of her “Eras Tour.”
After Gelsenkirchen, Swift’s next set of shows will be in Hamburg, Germany on July 23-24.
Tickets are available on several secondary market sites, like StubHub, Vivid Seats, TicketCity and SeatGeek.
Taylor Swift is not the only artist on a huge tour right now.
Here are a few more tours you won’t want to miss: Gracie Abrams, Melanie Martinez, Olivia Rodrigo and Sabrina Carpenter.
Our journalism needs your support. Please subscribe today to NJ.com.
Nicole Iuzzolino can be reached at niuzzolino@njadvancemedia.com. Have a tip? Tell us at nj.com/tips.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices