Emily Ratajkowski has always had a thing for freaky-retro sneakers. Adidas Sambas! Reebok Classics! Vans Old Skools! Basically, if it was introduced anytime between the 1940s and the 1990s, chances are, she probably has them. But for some time now, the model-actress has been more of a Puma girl—and she doubled down in New York City yesterday with a new, yet-to-be-released pair.
While grabbing a coffee and a pastry downtown, the Gone Girl actress paired her autumnal fit with the Puma Speedcat OG, a favorite of the early 2000s. But this wasn't just any old Speedcat. Because this was the very cleverly-named ‘Haute Coffee’ colorway, which isn't quite available to the general public yet—though it appears musician Gracie Abrams, a fellow It girl, also recently got her hands on a pair.
Even though the Speedcat's been around since 1999, its design hasn't changed all that much over the past few decades. For this upcoming version, the upper comes in brown suede, while the brand's Formstrip hits the sides in ‘Frosted Ivory’ leather.
Puma's big cat logo is stitched on the front of the toe and the back of the heel, and all of this rides on top of an all-black midsole. If you look closely, you'll see that this is actually detailed with unique tread markings. These are inspired by tires that you might find on a speedy race car.
And Puma isn't the only brand jumping on the motorsports hype. Just last week, Adidas dove into its archives to bring back the Adiracer Lo. Originally introduced in the 2000s, this model features a very similar silhouette to the Speedcat, but it's decked out in quilted nylon instead.
While Emily Ratajkowski does experiment with mad trainers every once in a while (worn with socks, please!), these Pumas are a go-to classic. And if you want a matching pair of Puma Speedcat OG ‘Haute Coffee’ for your collection, they'll be available for sale this weekend on October 12 at Puma and select stockists.
This story originally appeared on British GQ.
This Is the Coolest Way to Wear Jeans in 2025
Justin Bieber’s Most Normal Outfit in Ages Is Worth Copying All Spring
Inside the Fight to Save American Selvedge Denim
Nike Is Dropping a GoldenEye 007-Themed Air Max 1 This Week
Tuxedo vs. Suit: A 101 Guide to Men’s Formal Dress Codes
Sign up for Show Notes to get news on the latest runway shows, parties, and insider events on the international fashion circuit.
More From GQ
Connect
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. GQ may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices