Also on the Pop Shop Podcast, we're chatting with Billboard deputy editor Lyndsey Havens about her Superstar Q&A with Olivia Rodrigo.

	When Sabrina Carpenter set up shop in Los Angeles for three dates of her Short n’ Sweet Tour, she brought out the big guns. There was Christina Aguilera. There was Jack Antonoff. And then there was Domingo.

	On the new Pop Shop Podcast, we welcome Billboard deputy editor Lyndsey Havens so she and Katie can tell Keith all about their night out at the Forum for night 2 in LA, where Carpenter’s pop-star vision finally became a reality with a huge stage production and an even bigger fanbase.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	Plus, Lyndsey sat down last week with Billboard cover star Olivia Rodrigo for a Superstar Q&A at the Billboard Live Music Summit, and she tells us all about her panel discussion with the Guts-y singer.

	Also on the show, we’ve got chart news on how Shaboozey scores an 18th week at No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 with “A Bar Song (Tipsy),” leaving the song just a week away from tying the all-time record for the most weeks at No. 1 set by Lil Nas X’s “Old Town Road” featuring Billy Ray Cyrus. Plus, Gracie Abrams gets her first Hot 100 top 10 with “That’s So True,” Lady Gaga and Bruno Mars’ “Die With a Smile” hits No. 1 on the Pop Airplay chart, and Dean Martin scores his first new hit on the Adult Contemporary chart since 2006 with an unearthed live recording from 1952 of a certain Christmas classic.

The Billboard Pop Shop Podcast is your one-stop shop for all things pop on Billboard’s weekly charts. You can always count on a lively discussion about the latest pop news, fun chart stats and stories, new music, and guest interviews with music stars and folks from the world of pop. Casual pop fans and chart junkies can hear Billboard’s executive digital director, West Coast, Katie Atkinson and Billboard’s managing director, charts and data operations, Keith Caulfield every week on the podcast, which can be streamed on Billboard.com or downloaded in Apple Podcasts or your favorite podcast provider. (Click here to listen to the previous edition of the show on Billboard.com.)
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.