The BTS member's latest solo release brought in more than 79% of the vote.

													By
												

	Ashley Iasimone


Jung Kook‘s “Never Let Go” tops this week’s new music poll.

	Music fans voted in a poll published Friday (June 7) on Billboard, choosing the BTS star’s solo track as their favorite new music release of the past week, a week full of hot new pop tunes.

	Jung Kook’s brand-new song brought in a whopping 79% of the vote, with the BTS ARMY coming in strong to show their support. Voters this week chose “Never Let Go” over new music releases from Sabrina Carpenter, Zach Bryan feat. Noeline Hofmann, Charli XCX, Gracie Abrams, Tems and RAYE.

	BTS star Jung Kook gets sentimental on his single “Never Let Go,” the first new solo tune fans have heard since the release of his 2023 debut album, Golden, which launched at No. 2 on the Billboard 200 albums chart last year. The new song is dedicated to BTS’ beloved supporters, affectionately called ARMY, and conveys “a sincere message to never let go of each other,” according to HYBE. 

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	“Oh, every day, I wonder if this all is just a dream,” Jung Kook sings on the sweet track. “Everything falls into place ’cause you’re right here with me/ Without your love, I’m nothing/ You mean more than you know/ And words escape me whenever you’re close/ I tried to put it into words but it don’t measure up/ My pen and paper could never do quite enough/ It’s the truth, it’s the truth/ We got something rеal nothing could break.”

	Jung Kook and fellow BTS members Jin, RM, SUGA, J-Hope, Jimin and V are currently serving in the South Korean military, which mandates an 18-month military enlistment for all able-bodied men by the time they turn 28. While on a break from activities together as BTS amid the group’s service, various solo projects have been released.

	Trailing behind “Never Let Go” on this week’s poll is Sabrina Carpenter’s new single “Please Please Please,” with 8% of the vote, Zach Bryan with Noeline Hofmann on “Purple Gas,” with 3% of the vote, and Charli XCX’s Brat album, with 2% of the vote.

	See the final results of this week’s new music poll below.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.