By
Chris Piner
With Christmas just around the corner, Saturday Night Live continues to spread joy and laughter with new episodes. Just last weekend, the show welcomed Paul Mescal, the star of the new film Gladiator II. The musical guest for the evening happened to be rising country singer Shaboozey. Known for his hit song “A Bar Song (Tipsy)”, the singer lit up the stage as he is quickly becoming a top name in country music. But although a hilarious episode, a new Saturday is here, and here are all the details about tonight’s episode and if it’s live. 
Although it seemed like SNL took a few breaks over the last couple of weeks, the show isn’t slowing down as they walk into the new year. While the cast is sure to take a few days off for the holidays, the crew currently prepares for a new episode airing tonight. And with only a few weeks left, there seemed no better person to call on than Chris Rock. With a long career in Hollywood, the comedian continues to expand his career. And who could forget that Rock even served as a cast member on the hit show back in the 1990s. 
SATURDAY! @chrisrock hosts the show with musical guest @gracieabrams! pic.twitter.com/IdMv0DWNdK
Marking his fourth time hosting SNL, the comedian produced a hilarious promo that had cast members discussing how much they loved his earlier work. Online, fans voiced their thoughts on Rock returning to host SNL, writing, “Chances of Will Smith showing up?” Although pointing back to the moment Will Smith slapped Rock at the 94th Academy Awards, others commented, “Chris makes it funny and I am here for his sake!”
[RELATED: 4 of the Best Musicians That Have Hosted ‘Saturday Night Live’]
While hosting SNL, Rock will welcome the musical guest for the evening, who happened to be Gracie Abrams. Just last weekend, Abrams took the stage alongside Taylor Swift to end The Eras Tour. Speaking about the opportunity and how much the tour impacted her, the singer insisted, “I really don’t know how we’re supposed to have the words to talk about this tour ending – that isn’t just a tour – but it’s in my mind it’s the glue that has kept us all together over the past couple years.”
Celebrating her time with Swift, Abrams concluded, “It’s been the privilege of my lifetime to be in Taylor’s orbit, to be in your orbit.”
Don’t miss Saturday Night Live, airing live at 11:30 p.m. ET/PT on NBC. New episodes are available to stream the following day on Peacock.
(Photo by: Rosalind O’Connor/NBC via Getty Images)
Only members can comment. Become a member. Already a member? Log in.
Why Eric Church Thinks Morgan Wallen’s Chair-Throwing Arrest Was “Actually A Good Thing”
The Forgotten Genius of Judee Sill: Folk Music’s Sacred Rebel
Why Tony Iommi Changed His Mind About the Black Sabbath Reunion

			© 2025 American Songwriter			American Songwriter: a Savage Ventures Brand