By Andreas Wiseman 
Executive Editor, International & Strategy

EXCLUSIVE: Publicity firm The Lede Company has promoted and relocated New York-based Senior Executive Matthew Avento to the UK where he will serve as Head of Talent and Strategic Communications in the London office.

	The move comes as Lede looks to grow its footprint in Europe. In his new role, Avento will oversee the expansion, focusing on UK and European talent and brands as well as U.S. and other global clientele seeking international press and strategy services. 

	He will continue to manage his existing clients and will report to The Lede Company co-founders and co-CEOs Amanda Silverman, Sarah Rothman, Meredith O’Sullivan, and Christine Su.   

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	













	News
	



	
		
					The Lede Company Hires Kimberly Bernhardt As Senior Exec In Strategic Communications Division		
			















	News
	



	
		
					The Lede Company Names Jackie Murphy Chief Impact Officer		
			







	Avento, who joined Lede in 2019, works across both talent and corporate clientele. His talent roster includes Jennifer Garner, Neil Patrick Harris, Shawn Mendes, Ariana DeBose, Hong Chau, Gracie Abrams, Jodie Turner-Smith, Teyana Taylor, Taylor Zakhar Perez, Sofia Boutella, Aisling Franciosi, among others. 




			Watch on Deadline		






	On the corporate side, he works with Candle Media and Reese Witherspoon’s Hello Sunshine, Chip and Joanna Gaines and their Magnolia Network, and Jennifer Garner’s Once Upon a Farm, among others. 

	Prior to Lede, Avento was a talent publicist at 42West in Los Angeles. He has worked closely with co-CEO Meredith O’Sullivan since the beginning of his career.

	After opening a London office in 2022 with Darren Howells serving as the office’s Brand Director, The Lede Company continued its international expansion in 2023 by acquiring Paris-based agency Olivier Bourgis Communication and Marketing (OBCM), which became Lede Paris. Olivier Bourgis serves as Managing Director of Lede Paris. 

	“Matthew is a savvy strategist, trusted partner, and proven leader who has been a critical member of the Lede team for years,” said Sarah Rothman, Lede co-founder and Co-CEO. “As we continue to expand Lede’s European and international presence, we know Matthew will build upon his invaluable experience to deliver results for a wide range of clients.” 

	“I’m honored to represent Lede’s London office and to further establish its footprint both in the UK and throughout Europe,” added Avento. “Because content and media are more internationally connected than ever before, I’m excited to help both the company and our clients have a truly global presence.”
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.