By 

	Thania Garcia


	With awards season full steam ahead, the Grammys are next in line.

	A week’s worth of celebrations and honorary events will be scattered throughout Downtown Los Angeles and West Hollywood in the last week of January leading up to the 66th Grammy Awards on Feb. 4. Spotify will throw its annual Best New Artist party on Feb. 1, celebrating the 2024 Grammy nominees in the general category: Gracie Abrams, Fred Again, Ice Spice, Jelly Roll, Coco Jones, Noah Kahan, Victoria Monét and The War and Treaty. 

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					How the ‘Sinners’ Financing Model Offers Salvation for All Producers 		
			














	
		
					APOS 2025 Draws Top Media Execs to Bali for 15th Edition		
			








	Monét is one of the most nominated acts of the evening with seven recognitions and has long been a behind-the-scenes secret weapon penning hits for Ariana Grande and Chloe x Halle, and securing Grammy nominations for those songs along the way (she has a total of 10 nominations). Variety‘s own Grammys Cover Party will also honor Monét on Feb. 1.




			Popular on Variety		






MusiCares is putting together its Person of the Year event on Feb. 2 for Jon Bon Jovi in recognition of his musical achievements and philanthropic efforts, including his Jon Bon Jovi Soul Foundation. 

	This is all leading up to the Grammys ceremony on Feb. 4 at 8:00 p.m. PT. It will be available to watch on the CBS Television Network and streamed live and on-demand on Paramount+.

	SZA is the leading nominee at the awards show this year with nine nods, many in the top general categories for her 2022 record, “SOS.” Other key nominees include Taylor Swift, Olivia Rodrigo, Boygenius, Miley Cyrus, Jon Batiste, Victoria Monét and Billie Eilish, all of whom will compete against SZA for record of the year.  Rodrigo, Eilish, Dua Lipa, Travis Scott, Burna Boy and Luke Combs are all slated to perform.

Level Up ’24 Grammy Party

	The women of Spark, Maison Arts, Roc Nation, Range, Pulse, Defiant Co, Milk & Honey and Loop Legal gather to celebrate femmes in music for the third consecutive year.

	6 p.m.-9 p.m. @ Live Nation, Beverly Hills

Opening of the Ray Charles Terrace at the Grammy Museum 

	The Grammy Museum, in tandem with the Ray Charles Foundation, is renaming its rooftop terrace to the Ray Charles Terrace to honor “Ray’s lasting legacy as one of the most iconic and celebrated artists of all time.” 

	7:30 p.m. @ the Grammy Museum, Downtown Los Angeles 

	










Amazon Music’s 24 Lot Party 

	Amazon Music hosts a housewarming party of sorts with the official unveiling of its new Studio126 recording and podcasting facilities. Guests will be treated to a DJ set by Canadian rapper-producer Kaytranada.

	4-7 p.m. @ Studios, Culver City

BMG Pre-Grammy Celebration

	BMG will host a variety of stars and music industry champions for a showcase honoring their nominees at the 66th annual Grammys.

	7-11 p.m. @ Bar Lis, Hollywood

Black Experience (Xfinity) and 300 Entertainment’s Screening of “In Our DNA: Hip House” 

	300 Entertainment and Black Experience on Xfinity are hosting a red carpet screening of their docuseries “In Our DNA: Hip House.” The three-part docuseries, “which examines the birth, evolution and collision of hip-hop and house music,” is out now on Comcast’s Black Experience on Xfinity channel and Xumo. 

	6 p.m. @ 6400 Sunset Boulevard, Los Angeles

The Resonator Awards

	We are Moving the Needle is throwing its first awards dinner in honor Alanis Morissette, Corinne Bailey Rae, Caroline Polachek, Catherine Marks, Laura Sisk and Jennifer Decilveo, for their work in the recording studio as producers, engineers and mixers. Presenters include boygenius, Jack Antonoff, Ariel Rechtshaid, Fletcher and others. 

	7 p.m.-10 p.m. @ Beauty & Essex 

CÎROC Honors Victoria Monét

	In honor of Victoria Monét’s nominations, CÎROC will offer an exclusive first taste of their new Limonata flavor before its official release. 

	9 p.m.-1 a.m. @ Heart WeHo, West Hollywood

Music Maker Dinner Presented by BMAC, Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis, In Association with ASCAP

	Legendary hitmaking duo Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis are the guests of honor at this fete presented by BMAC with ASCAP. The night features a musical tribute from the 1500 or Nothin’ collective and friends.

	8-11 p.m. @ Delilah, West Hollywood

NMPA + Billboard Grammy Week Songwriter Awards + Showcase

	Kelsea Ballerini, Jelly Roll, Noah Kahan, Conan Gray and more are slated to perform at NMPA and Billboard’s Songwriter Awards honoring Jack Antonoff, Kelsea Ballerini, Jessie Jo Dillon, Dan Nigro, Leon Thomas III and more.

	6:30-10:30 p.m. @ Eden Sunset

	










2024 Clio Music Awards

	With Jai Rodriguez as a host, and featuring a performance from Lu Kala, the Clio Music Awards will honor Pearl Jam and Ozzy Osbourne.

	7 p.m. @ NeueHouse, Hollywood 

A Celebration of Craft: Presented by Recording Academy’s Producers & Engineers and Songwriters & Composers Wings

	The Recording Academy’s Producers & Engineers Wing will join forces with its Songwriters & Composers Wing to honor Leslie Ann Jones, a seven-time Grammy winner and the first woman chair of the Recording Academy’s Board of Trustees. 

	7 p.m. @ Grammy Museum, Downtown Los Angeles 

Variety‘s Grammy Cover Party Honoring Victoria Monét

Variety will celebrate the cover star of its 2024 Grammy Awards issue — and a seven-time nominee at this year’s ceremony: Victoria Monét. 

	5-8:00 p.m. 

Spotify’s Best New Artist Party 

	Spotify will host a showcase featuring performances from Grammy nominees for Best New Artist: Gracie Abrams, Noah Kahan, Victoria Monét and Jelly Roll, among others. Read Variety‘s recap from last year’s showcase here. 

	7 p.m. @ Paramount Studios, Hollywood

A Celebration of Women In The Mix Presented by People, Sephora and the Recording Academy’s Grammy House

	The Recording Academy teams up with long-time partners, People, and Sephora to present an event aiming to amplify the voices of women in music. Event programming includes a luncheon, panel discussion and live performances by Sephora Sounds artists Rawan Chaya, Beth Million, and Dounia, who will DJ the event. 

	11 a.m. – 2 p.m.

Downtown Grammy Brunch

	10 a.m.-1 p.m. @ Kimpton La Peer Hotel, West Hollywood

Milk & Honey + Reservoir Pre-Grammy Party

	Together, Reservoir and Milk & Honey are hosting their second annual Grammys week party in tandem with Splice, SoundCloud, BMI, UBS, Music Business Worldwide and mark music and media law. 

	1-5 p.m. @ Private Estate, Bel Air

The Orchard’s Hollywood Happy Hour

	The music distribution company hosts its annual afternoon throwdown, celebrating more than 45 nominations.

	3-6 p.m. @ Bar Lis, Hollywood

BMAC Fireside Chat and Brunch in Celebration of Black Media, in partnership with BOMESI at Live Nation (Members Only)











	In partnership with BOMESI and Live Nation, BMAC invites its members to an exclusive brunch and fireside chat about the importance of supporting Black-owned media.

	3-6 p.m. @ Live Nation, Beverly Hills

SESAC Grammy Nominee Celebration 

	SESAC will shine the spotlight on their clients’ nominations across various categories, from dance/electronic and R&B to jazz, Latin, and global music.

	6:30 p.m.-9:30 p.m. @ Harriet’s Rooftop at 1 Hotel West

Beats & Blooms Emerging Artist Showcase Presented by People, Sephora and the Recording Academy’s Grammy House

	An emerging artist showcase, hosted by comedian Matt Friend, featuring performances by Aint Afraid, Cocoa Sarai, and rising stars Between Friends, Teezo Touchdown, and Tiana Major9. 

	8– 11 p.m.

Growing Wild Independent Music Community Panel Presented by the Recording Academy’s Grammy House

	Leading professionals in the independent music community including Stan Founder and CEO Denisha Kuhlor, independent recording artist Cocoa Sarai, Splice CEO Kakul Srivastava, and SymphonyOS Co-Founder and CEO Megh Vakharia will discuss key trends and predictions for 2024 and beyond, moderated by Vydia VP of Label & Artist Relations Chris Maltese.

	Doors open @ 2:45 p.m.

Unveiling Henry Diltz’s Archive 

	Music photographer Henry Diltz is launching five limited edition co-signed prints in collaboration with lifestyle brand 12on12. The prints feature original photographs of Keith Richards, Ringo Starr, Joni Mitchell, Graham Nash, and America, each hand-signed by Diltz and the featured artist. The event will also commemorate the first anniversary of Diltz receiving the Recording Academy’s Special Merit Award in 2023.

	6 p.m.-9 p.m. @ Fred Segal, West Hollywood 

Warner Music’s Grammy Party for ’24

	Produced by Jason Morais and the Warner Music global events team, Warner Music’s Grammy Party will feature performances from Charli XCX and Teddy Swims. And, as a special treat, Cher’s glamorous new ice cream brand Cherlato will host their first-ever Ice Cream Parlour.

	7 p.m.-11:30 p.m. @ Citizen News

26th Annual Entertainment Law Initiative











	11 a.m. @ the Beverly Wilshire Hotel

MusiCares Person of the Year Honoring Jon Bon Jovi.

	The annual benefit gala brings together multiple stars to pay musical tribute to Jon Bon Jovi, who joins recent honorees including Joni Mitchell, Motown Records and Dolly Parton.  

	5 p.m. @ Los Angeles Convention Center

ASCAP’s Grammy Brunch in the Garden 

	ASCAP will host a garden party in honor of its Grammy nominees, from Phoebe Bridgers to Victoria Monét.

	11:30 a.m.-2:30 p.m. 

The BMAC Economic Empowerment Summit, in partnership with the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame, UTA and iHeartMedia

	BMAC and United Talent Agency (UTA) will host a Grammy Week Summit featuring an exclusive preview of the “It’s Basic” documentary, and an economic justice panel led by BMAC CEO and President, Willie “Prophet” Stiggers. Panelists include Michael Tubbs (former Mayor of Stockton / exec producer of “It’s Basic”), Maura Cuffie-Peterson (Creatives Rebuild NY), Marc Levin (director, “It’s Basic”) and John Sykes (executive for Rock & Roll Hall of Fame / iHeartMedia).

	12-3 p.m. @ UTA Theater & Courtyard, Beverly Hills

GRAMMY U Masterclass with Halle Bailey, Presented by Mastercard

	An exclusive masterclass with Grammy-nominated artist Halle Bailey for Grammy U members and a live-stream audience.  

	Doors open @ 11 a.m. and the live stream begins @ 1 p.m.

Red Bull Records and Songwriters of North America (SONA)’s “A Conversation In: Songwriting”

	In celebration of songwriters, Red Bull Records and SONA are putting together a panel focused on advocacy for songwriters with writers and publishers who work with the likes of Jon Batiste, Carly Rae Jepsen, Selena Gomez and Dolly Parton, among many others. Nate Cyphret, Simon Wilcox, Autumn Rowe, Eric Aukstikalnis and Talia Rubino are on the lineup as panelists.

	11 a.m.-2 p.m. @ Grandmaster Recorders, Hollywood

Femme It Forward Presents: High Tea1 p.m.

Steve Stoute’s UnitedMasters Concert 

	The distribution company assembles a stellar lineup of international talent, including Davido, Tokischa and Uncle Waffles, to celebrate independent music and “the pioneering artists who are moving the culture forward.” 

	










	9:30 p.m. @ the Hollywood Palladium, Los Angeles

Grey Goose: a Toast to Coco Jones

	Grey Goose is celebrating the best new artist nomination of its longtime brand partner Coco Jones with what they promise to be an intimate, star-studded evening. 

	8-11 p.m.

Vevo Grammy Event With Gracie Abrams

	Best New Artist nominee Gracie Abrams will deliver a performance for Vevo’s Grammy Party. 

	7-10 p.m. @ NeueHouse, Hollywood

#GRAMMYsNextGen Party & Red Carpet

	Grammy House presented by Mastercard will celebrate the creators and professionals who are shaping the future of music with a shindig featuring performances from Romy, Blaqbonez, Cyanide Beats, and DJ Yasmin.

	8-11 p.m. @ Rolling Greens on Mateo, Los Angeles

Patrón Tequila Celebrates Hit-Boy

	In recognition of Hit-Boy’s 2024 Grammy nomination for producer of the year (non-classical), Patrón will host a party and immersive exhibit.

	9 p.m-1 a.m. @ Hip Hop Til Infinity 

YouTube Music: A Celebration of African Music & Culture

	YouTube Music commemorates the addition of the Best African Music Performance Grammy category with a celebration of African music and culture. DJ Obi and DJ Maphorisa are set to perform.

	1 p.m. – 5 p.m.

Clive Davis Pre-Grammy Gala and Grammy Salute to Industry Icons 

	Forty-eight years in, the definitive Grammy party is still the hottest ticket of the season, drawing a glitzy array of music, screen and political luminaries that Davis could only have curated. Jon Platt, Sony Music Publishing chairman-CEO, receives the Grammy Salute to Industry Icons award.

	7 p.m. @ the Beverly Hilton, Beverly Hills

AmericanaFest’s Pre-Grammy Salute to the Songs of Paul Simon

	Natalia Lafourcade and more will pay tribute to Paul Simon at the Americana Music Association’s annual Grammy Eve tribute show. 

	8 p.m. @ the Troubadour, West Hollywood 

Loma Vista Recordings Grammy Party

	In celebration of nominations for Loma Vista clients Killer Mike, Robert Glasper and Ghost, Loma Vista will host a snazzy event at an upscale Italian restaurant. 

	8 p.m. @ Osteria Mozza, West Hollywood

Primary Wave Pre-Grammy Party 

	CeeLo Green is set to DJ Primary Wave’s Grammy week party with confirmed attendees including Fantasia Barrino, Smokey Robinson and more.

	










	7-11 p.m. @ Waldorf Astoria Beverly Hills

Special Merit Awards Ceremony and 66th Annual Grammy Nominees Reception

	2:30 p.m. @ Wilshire Ebell Theatre, Los Angelesw

GQ and Grand Marnier’s Grammy Party 

	GQ’s Editor-in-Chief Will Welch will honor the nominees for the 66th annual Grammy Awards with a gathering at the Chateau Marmont.

	9 p.m.-12 a.m. @ Bungalow 1 at Chateau Marmont

Grammy Awards 2024 @ Crypto.com Arena in Los Angeles

The Breakfast Club

	In support of Babson College’s Black Women Entrepreneurial Leadership Program, Bryan-Michael Cox,  founder/CEO of Illustrate New Ideas, will host the 18th annual The Breakfast Club in honor of Grammy Award-winning songwriter and producer The-Dream. 

	10 a.m.- 2 p.m. @ SLS Beverly Hills

2024 Grammy Celebration After-Party

	Ne-Yo and DJ Ben Bakson perform at the Grammys after-party after the trophies are handed out.

8:30 p.m.-12:30 a.m.

SZA & TDE’s Official Grammy After Party (Produced by The Pāvé Group)

	SZA’s label TDE (Top Dawg Entertainment) will close Grammy weekend with a huge party in honor of their artist being the most nominated act of the evening (nine nominations). 2024 also marks the 20th anniversary of TDE which will be spotlighted at the event. 

Concord’s Grammy Party

	With live entertainment from DJ Walshy Fire and DJ MeLo X, Concord’s Grammy Party will be a victory lap for winners and nominees.

	8 p.m.-12 a.m. 

Affinity Nightlife Presents ’Music is Love | Love is Music,‘ a Grammy After Party

	Grammy-nominated producer and songwriter Leon Thomas, and Grammy award-winning songwriter Derrick Milano, will be hosting this invite-only soiree to help bring the night to a close with DJs Talon Reid, Dre Sinatra and Justin Credible. Expect surprise performers.

Interested in having your Grammy event listed? Email music@variety.com
The Business of Entertainment