The Grammy winner also gave props to the 24-year-old singer-songwriter with a touching onstage shoutout
 Taylor Swift is showing love to her latest Eras Tour opener, Holly Humberstone!

 On Friday, Aug. 16, the 24-year-old English singer-songwriter opened for Swift, 34, during the pop superstar's second consecutive night at London's iconic Wembley Stadium — and she also posed for a snap with her pal backstage.

 In an image shared by several Swift fan accounts over the weekend, as well as Humberstone's manager, Josh Sanger, Swift smiled next to Humberstone and members of her team while hanging out behind the scenes at Wembley. Humberstone also posted a selfie of her own with Swift hours later, calling her experience at the Eras Tour the "wildest time."

 "Thank you for inviting me into your magical world, you are everything," she wrote of Swift. "I am still floating on a cloud ☆彡☁️☁️☁️✨ thank you to my band and team for just being the f---ing best. Will remember last night 4 eva thank you thank youuuuu !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"

 Humberstone even earned a touching onstage shoutout from the show's headliner as her main set commenced. "We're very lucky on this tour and we have the most fantastic opening acts possible. You started off your evening with an amazing singer-songwriter," Swift told the crowd in a video shared by a fan account and later Humberstone herself.

 "I listen to her music all the time," Swift added. "That's how I got the idea to have her come and perform for you tonight. She's fantastic. Holly Humberstone, give it up again!"

TAS2024/Getty
 Before the gig, Humberstone called the opening slot "the hardest secret I've ever had to keep" and said that she was "eternally grateful" for the opportunity.

 Just one day before she was set to hit the stage, the artist also shared an acoustic cover of Swift's Speak Now standout "Back to December" for her fans on Instagram.

 Other opening acts during Swift's latest run in London will include Suki Waterhouse, RAYE, Maisie Peters and Paramore.

 Once Swift wraps her time in London on Aug. 20, she'll take a few weeks off before returning for nine dates in Canada with Gracie Abrams.

 Swift's London dates have also included some additional special guests.

 On Thursday, Aug. 15, Swift treated fans to a performance from longtime friend Ed Sheeran. The pair performed their collabs "Everything Has Changed" and "End Game," as well as Sheeran's smash "Thinking Out Loud."

 "Every time I am doing the Red part of this show, I think about the memories that we've made. And now he is someone who plays Wembley, like every week — this is regular for him and he works so hard," Swift told the crowd at the time.

 "He's on tour right now and he's probably so tired but he wanted to come and play for you and do this for all of us so give it up for Ed Sheeran," she added.

 Never miss a story — sign up for PEOPLE's free daily newsletter to stay up-to-date on the best of what PEOPLE has to offer​​, from celebrity news to compelling human interest stories.

 The latest string of Eras Tour dates come after Swift canceled three shows in Vienna, Austria, following the discovery of an alleged terror plot.

 Her final London show on Aug. 20 will mark the end of her European leg, before she makes her way to North America once again in the fall.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)