The singer's reported donation to Second Harvest Food Bank is her latest charitable act during the Eras Tour.

													By
												

	Gil Kaufman


	As she prepares to wind-down the U.S. portion of her globe-hopping Eras Tour this weekend, Taylor Swift is still thinking about the last city she visited on the career-spanning outing. Second Harvest Food Bank – Feeding South Louisiana announced on Wednesday (Oct. 30) that the singer gave a large donation that will fill the pantries for a huge number of families in the region.

	“When kindness meets action, magic happens. Today, we’re thrilled to share that @TaylorSwift has helped fuel our mission to end hunger with a donation that means 75,000 meals for South Louisiana families in need!” the organization wrote on Instagram a week after Swift rocked New Orleans’ Caesars Superdome during a three-show run. “This kind of generosity reminds us that making a difference is possible, together, with people who truly care.”

	










	Second Harvest, which did not announce the dollar amount of the donation, also encouraged anyone else wanting to provide meals for the residents of South Louisiana to click here.




			Trending on Billboard		






	Swift has made a habit of donating to local food banks ahead of Eras Tour stops in cities including Glendale, AZ and Las Vegas according to the recipients of her generosity. Last December, she also donated $1 million to the Community Foundation of Middle Tennessee after tornadoes left at least six people dead and dozens hurt with hundreds of buildings damaged on Dec. 9, 2023.

	And, earlier this month, the singer sent a $5 million donation to Feed America to help sponsor relief efforts in areas affected by back-to-back hurricanes Helene and Milton.

	After more than a year on the road celebrating her catalog on the Eras Tour, Swift will wind down her U.S. dates this weekend with a three-show run at Lucas Oil Stadium in Indianapolis (Nov. 1-3) with guest Gracie Abrams. She will then close the lid on the whole shebang with six nights at Rogers Centre in Toronto (Nov. 14-16, Nov. 21-23) and the final, final shows at BC Place in Vancouver (Dec. 6-8).

	Check out Second Harvest’s post below.
A post shared by Second Harvest Food Bank-Feeding South Louisiana (@2ndharvestgnoa)
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.