Getty Images (3)
Gracie Abrams, daughter of director JJ Abrams and pop singer of her own right, has been making headlines for her dating life! So, who is she dating — and who has she dated before? You might be surprised by her relationship history.
While the singer is currently in a rumored relationship with actor Paul Mescal, she’s been romantically linked to a few other famous faces — including Dylan O’Brien. While the two have never publicly confirmed they were an item despite being seen out together throughout 2022 via DeuxMoi, many fans speculate that her song “Cool” is about the Teen Wolf actor.
The song is about a “phony superstar” that “love-bombed” and fooled Gracie into thinking they would end up together, only for it to all be for nothing.
In the bridge, she sings, “I’ll just look for the silver lining. Stay out of sight /Half my mind, you’re still occupying. Kill for a while, stole my time/ Thanks a lot for nothing. Stop, I’ll be fine, I’ll be fine.”
In the track, Gracie also mentions various women Dylan has been associated with, including Sadie Sink, Sarah Ramos and Elle Fanning.
“You stranded Sadie and Sarah when they opened up,” she sings at one point. “A waste of running mascara, you thought we wouldn’t talk / Thought wrong, ah.”
Throughout the song, Gracie also changes the lyric — “I bet you met up with Elle and said the same shit” — with several other names that people think may be connected to Dylan in some capacity — including a “Dev” and a “Cass.”
Even before the track was released, fans have been convinced it could be about Dylan, with fan writing on X, “so sorry gracie abrams got love bombed by dylan obrien but i actually mostly want to talk about all the other girls she name drops we did not know dylan dated,” while another posted: “not the cool is about dylan rumours oh my god free dylan and gracie.”
However, she seems to currently be enjoying her time with another actor, the Gladiator actor himself. They’ve kept it low-key for the most part, as Paul has opened up about wanting to keep his romantic relationships private during an interview with Harper’s Bazaar in August 2023, explaining that his personal life is “nobody else’s business because it’s indecent.”
So, who else has Gracie dated in the past? Keep reading for a breakdown of her love life:
Love J-14? Be sure to subscribe to our YouTube channel for fun, exclusive videos with your favorite stars.
1 of 4
Getty Images
Gracie was in a 5-year-long on-and-off relationship with American songwriter Blake Slatkin, before officially calling it quits some time in 2022.
2 of 4
Getty Images
Gracie and Dylan were romantically linked briefly in April 2022, per photos from DeuxMoi.
3 of 4
Getty Images
She was romantically linked to singer-songwriter Hayes Bradley throughout 2023.
4 of 4
Getty Images (2)
Gracie and Paul were first romantically linked in October 2023, and have since been spotted together on multiple occasions throughout 2024. She was seen at a screening for his movie Gladiator in November 2024.
J-14 has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
J-14 is part of the a360media Entertainment Group.Copyright © a360media 2025. All Rights Reserved