Gracie Abrams' star is on the rise. The daughter of J.J. Abrams and Katie McGraph, she's making a name for herself as a singer-songwriter, and her musical talent has been widely recognised.
With a Grammy nomination and iHeartRadio Award under her belt, it's clear the 24-year-old artist is one to watch. Abrams first put pen to paper as an eight-year-old songwriter with big dreams, but it's in recent years that's she developed the cult following that's making her a mainstream name.
In 2023 Abrams released her debut album 'Good Riddance' which she followed up with 'The Secret of Us' this year.
Her hits include songs such as 'Close To You' and 'I Love You, I'm Sorry' which proved popular with critics and fans alike, earning her hundreds of thousands of plays on TikTok. Then there's the small matter of her Eras Tour performances which also blew up on social media.
Last summer, the rising star opened for her friend Taylor Swift's record-breaking tour, and she's also opening for the artist's final tour dates later this year. If that wasn't impressive enough, Swift invited Abrams onstage for a surprise duet at one of her Wembley shows earlier this summer, where the pals played their new track 'Us'.
It's clear then that fans can expect to hear a lot more from the American singer, who has the seal of approval from many of the most well-known artists in her industry. Here's what you need to know about Gracie Abrams.
Gracie Abrams was born into a rather famous family. Her dad, J.J. directed several Star Wars films. He also co-created shows well-known shows Lost and Alias. Her mother, Katie McGrath, is no stranger to the spotlight either. A former political aide, McGrath has held multiple high-profile roles, including her current position as co-CEO of Bad Robot Productions alongside her husband, J.J.
Growing up, music lover Gracie started sharing her songs on social media and her songwriting resonated with fans. In 2019, she released her first EP, before she shared another EP in 2021 and finally released her debut album in 2023. 'Good Riddance' earned her a Grammy nomination for Best New Artist, and the rest as they say is history.
Gracie has worked with numerous high-profile talents in her early career, including Aaron Dessner. A founding member of The National and an esteemed producer, he's worked closely with Taylor Swift on many of her biggest hits.
Gracie Abrams, a longtime Swiftie, says she met Taylor Swift after she received a phone call from an unknown number inviting her to the star's birthday party. It marked the beginning of a beautiful friendship for the pair, who enjoy each other's company personally and professionally.
Last summer, Gracie opened for the US leg of Taylor's Eras Tour and the friends hit the road together for four months. At one memorable show in July, Gracie's set had to be cancelled due to poor weather so Swift surprised the audience by inviting her onstage during her set. Swift told the crowd: "She's one of my favourite friends and I love her so much. We haven't sung together before, so I wanted to bring Gracie out on stage." But it wouldn't be the last time they shared the Eras Tour stage together.
Flash forward to June 2024 and Gracie appeared as a surprise guest at an Eras Tour show in London, but this time the friends performed their new song together.
Just a few days after Gracie Abrams released her new song "Us" featuring Taylor Swift, she returned to the Eras Tour to perform the track with her co-writer. The pair delighted fans when they delivered their first live performance of the song during Swift's final June show at Wembley Stadium.
As Gracie has since shared the friends wrote the song one evening after enjoying dinner together, and it proved to be an eventful catch-up more than one reason. During the early hours of the morning, as the pals enjoyed a songwriting session, a candle started a blaze in Swift's apartment. "We finished the bridge and we went into the kitchen to get probably wine, and there was a bonfire on her center island. Truly a huge ball of flame. There had been a candle that we had lit when we got home, and it was so hot that it burst. Gracie told Billboard. "We both had an insane cough from the fire extinguisher fumes for weeks."
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.