The new indie IT couple have emerged 
Paul Mescal and Gracie Abrams have had the rumour mill in overdrive, after photographs of them together sparked dating speculation far and wide. If you're wondering where things began, here's everything you need to know about the potential new indie IT couple hitting up celebsville right now, starting with the most recent update...
17th August 2024 - Gracie and Paul are photographed holding hands
Red alert! Red alert! The romance rumours are officially legit, after photographic evidence of Paul and Gracie holding hands while out and about in London emerge. The couple were pictured in Mayfair, with an onlooker telling MailOnline, "the pair didn't seem shy about their feelings for each other as they smooched in the sunshine." 
They were then photographed at All Points East festival in Victoria Park, watching Mitski's set on Sunday 18th August:
October 2023 - DeuxMoi receives a tip that the pair are dating
Instagram gossip site @DeuxMoi shared early reports that the Gladiator actor and singer are in the early stages of dating, with a source submitting the following tip: "I’ve heard from two different people now that Paul Mescal and Gracie Abrams are hanging out/dating, but I haven’t seen it first hand."
May 2024 - DeuxMoi shares more details about their romance
Another anonymous tip is submitted to the Instagram account, suggesting Paul may have met the singer while she was supporting Taylor Swift on the Eras tour. "His fans think they met in London after he followed someone on her tour during her London show and their Instagram 'flirtationship.' This was around the time he was active on Raya and going on lots of dates."
30 June 2024 - The pair are spotted at lunch together
As shared with TMZ, Paul and Gracie were photographed together for the first time, having lunch at BRAT in East London (well, it is Brat girl summer after all.) As well as publishing their pics, an onlooker said, "Paul and Gracie are locked in what seems to be a pretty enthralling conversation ... and at one point he even reaches over and strokes her cheek."
22nd July 2024 - Gracie and Paul are spotted together again in London
This time, it's a shopping trip that caught fans' attention.
"Paul and Gracie looked like any other young couple hitting the shops, and they went almost unnoticed," a source told The Sun. "They seemed very relaxed in each other’s company and were busy checking out the posh shops on Bond Street. 
“Paul is a very low-key person, as is Gracie, so there was no fanfare and they kept their distance from each other when they were out on the street. When they had finished shopping, they each went off alone.” 
Another Simple Favor’s ending is wild, guys
Doctor Who season 2 episode release schedule
Vick Hope and Calvin Harris relationship timeline
MAFSAU's Jamie's 7 best moments 
Why we need the Desperate Housewives revival
The 8 biggest MAFS Australia scandals
How to watch Another Simple Favor
Why MAFSAU's Awhina should have married Tim
Where you know the cast of The Four Seasons from
The best TV dramas to watch on Netflix, BBC & more
Who is MAFSAU’s Hannah Renée? 
The biggest MAFSAU dinner party fights of all time
Cosmopolitan, Part of the Hearst UK Fashion & Beauty Network
Cosmopolitan participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England 112955. All Rights Reserved.