Taylor Swift celebrates her milestone 35th birthday today! The singer hasn’t shared her plans for the day herself, but sources have spoken about how both she and her boyfriend, Travis Kelce, intend to fête the occasion.
A source told Us Weekly on December 3 that Swift will “likely” spend the night in New York City, where she went out for her birthday last year, too. 
“She loves a quaint party with her closest friends,” the source said. “Taylor is excited about turning 35. She knows she’s accomplished so much.” 
Kelce and his team, the Kansas City Chiefs, have an away game in Cleveland, Ohio, on December 15 at 1 P.M., meaning the tight end might not be able to leave practice to be with his partner on her big day. A source told Page Six on December 5 that he still has plans to make Swift’s celebration “extra special.”
The source explained, “Travis has only let a few of those closest to him know what he has in store for Taylor because he doesn’t want to ruin any surprises.” One of Kelce’s love languages appears to be gift giving. The source revealed, “[He] has been shopping for Christmas and birthday gifts for Taylor for quite a while now. [He is] not the type to leave these things to the last minute so he’s been picking up items here and there for the past several months whenever he has a chance.”
The insider added, “Although he’ll be playing on Christmas and has an away game the weekend of Taylor’s birthday, Travis is going to make sure to take time out to celebrate both occasions with her.”
Last year, Swift wore a  Clio Peppiatt black minidress for her party at The Box. Blake Lively, Zoë Kravitz, Sabrina Carpenter, Gracie Abrams, and Gigi Hadid were among the stars who joined her to toast to her turning 34. Kelce couldn’t join her then, as he had football practice in Kansas City, Missouri.
Swift later shared photos on Instagram of her party.
Funny Birthday Wishes, Knee Slaps Guaranteed
The Best Mother's Day Messages for the Best Mom
Short Mother-Daughter Quotes to Touch Her Heart
Trisha Yearwood Announces "New Chapter"
Meghan Markle Says That Prince Harry Saved Her
15 Books Set in Small Towns That Stole My Heart
Toby Keith's Horse Slated for the Kentucky Derby
See Carrie Underwood's Iconic 'Idol' Performance
Kelly Clarkson's Fans Are Begging Her to "Stop Tea
Luke Combs Wows at Stagecoach With Epic Set
Prince William Has Been Preparing to Become King
Why Does Willie Nelson Have Two Birthdays?
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.