Posted in: NBC, Peacock, TV | Tagged: saturday night live, snl
It's bad childhoods, "Pootie Tang," and unexpected time travel (?) in this week's SNL promos with Chris Rock, Gracie Abrams & Heidi Gardner.
After getting our midweek sketch and a look at how the read-thru was going for this weekend's episode, host Chris Rock and musical guest Gracie Abrams are hitting the main stage area of Studio 8H for this week's on-set promos – joined by SNL star Heidi Gardner. In the first, Gardner isn't kidding when she tells Rock that she grew up on his comedy. Seriously. Following that, Abrams and Gardner prove themselves to be legit Pootie Tang fans. Finally, Rock ends up hosting the fastest edition of SNL ever…
Here's a look at how things went down with Rock, Abrams, and Gardner – followed by what else we learned this week:
And here are some screencaps of the SNL cast that went live on the show's Instagram Stories account on Wednesday night, followed by SNL's Instagram post sharing a look at Rock during read-thru:
A post shared by Saturday Night Live (@nbcsnl)
With only two shows remaining in 2024 for NBC's Saturday Night Live, we're getting an early look at what's in store in 2025 to celebrate the long-running late-night sketch comedy and music series' 50th season. Before we get to the big celebration on February 16th, Peacock and Academy and Emmy Award winner Morgan Neville will be offering us an unprecedented behind-the-scenes look at what makes the show an enduring and influential institution. Featuring more than 60 contributors, including alumni, and covering decades of SNL history, the four-episode SNL50: Beyond Saturday Night reveals new insights into the show's history, pulling back the curtain on everything from the writers' room to the famed audition process. With all four episodes set to hit Peacock on January 16th, here's a look at what you can expect:
Peacock's SNL50: Beyond Saturday Night is a four-part docuseries honoring the legacy of SNL, with over 60 contributors, including SNL alumni, and covering decades of SNL history. Spotlighting some of the show's most iconic elements, each episode delves into the rich history of SNL and pulls back the curtain on the audition process, the writers' room, the fan favorite "More Cowbell" sketch, and the pivotal season 11.
Episode 101, "Five Minutes" – A showcase of the SNL audition process, with never-before-seen audition footage and firsthand accounts from some of the show's most iconic names as they reflect on their preparation and journey to the SNL stage.
Episode 102, "Written By: A Week Inside The SNL Writers Room" – A behind-the-scenes look at the SNL writing process from script to screen, capturing the creativity and chaos of a week inside the writers' room at SNL.
Episode 103, "More Cowbell" – A deep dive into the making of SNL's iconic "More Cowbell" sketch, exploring how a simple idea became a cultural phenomenon and offering a tribute to the lasting impact of sketch comedy.
Episode 104, "Season 11: The Weird Year" – An exploration into SNL's 11th season, examining the pivotal year that reset the show's direction and cemented its enduring DNA with Lorne Michaels at the helm.
Executive-produced by Neville, Caitrin Rogers, and Showrunner Juaquin Cambron, Peacock's SNL50: Beyond Saturday Night is produced by Jonathan Formica (Ep 101, "Five Minutes" & Ep 104, "Season 11: The Weird Year") and Allison Klein (Ep 102, "Written By: A Week Inside the SNL Writers Room" & Ep 103, "More Cowbell"). The episodes were directed by Robert Alexander (Ep 101, "Five Minutes"), Marshall Curry (Ep 102, "Written By: A Week Inside the SNL Writers Room"), Neil Berkeley (Ep 103, "More Cowbell"), and Jason Zeldes (Ep 104, "Season 11: The Weird Year").
Enjoyed this? Please share on social media!