It's been a whirlwind two days for Gracie Abrams, who opened for Taylor Swift Friday on the first night of the Eras Tour in New Orleans. 
The singer-songwriter from Los Angeles wore a long, sheer purple dress as she took the stage at the Caesars Superdome. The crowd of more than 55,000 fans screamed along as she sang power ballads, including her opener, "Risk."
A fan sings along as Gracie Abrams performs the opening act of Taylor Swift's Eras Tour concert at the Caesars Superdome in New Orleans, Friday, Oct. 25, 2024. (Photo by Sophia Germer, The Times-Picayune)
Abrams, the 25-year-old daughter of director and composer J.J. Abrams, has catapulted to fame with her emotional lyrics and acoustic performances. Her renditions of hit songs, including "I Love You, I'm Sorry," often go viral on Instagram and TikTok.
The Eras Tour stop in New Orleans is Abrams' first time performing in New Orleans, she told the crowd Friday night.
And she also had a big compliment for the Crescent City. 
"I've eaten the best food of my life in the past 48 hours," she said as she introduced her band. 
Abrams and Swift have now both shared their food love letters to New Orleans, even though the latter's beau, Travis Kelce, was in the hot seat a few weeks ago for calling Creole food "pooey" and possibly confusing jambalaya with gumbo. 
The lights go down before Gracie Abrams performs the opening act of Taylor Swift's Eras Tour concert at the Caesars Superdome in New Orleans, Friday, Oct. 25, 2024. (Photo by Sophia Germer, The Times-Picayune)
Swift is performing three nights in New Orleans and should take the stage by 8 p.m. Friday. The Friday concert started 15 minutes early, after Ticketmaster did another ticket drop an hour before doors opened at the Superdome.
Email Julia Guilbeau at jguilbeau@theadvocate.com.
After more than a year of anticipation, Taylor Swift’s The Eras Tour finally came alive in New Orleans on Friday for the first of her unpreced…
News Tips:nolanewstips@theadvocate.com
Other questions:subscriberservices@theadvocate.com
Need help? 
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: