Taylor Swift will perform three shows in Indianapolis, Ind. from Nov. 1-3.Erika Goldring/Getty Images
Goodbyes are never fun, especially when it comes to the “Eras Tour”.
The final leg of Taylor Swift’s iconic tour began on Oct. 18 in Miami and is set to wrap up on Dec. 8 in Vancouver, British Columbia.
But before she heads to Canada for the first time during the “Eras Tour,” Swift will wrap up the U.S. leg of the iconic tour with three final shows in Indianapolis.
The concerts are set to take place in Indianapolis from Nov. 1-3 at the Lucas Oil Stadium, and based on her other shows, these tickets are bound to sell out, especially since these are the final shows of the U.S. tour.
From trading the friendship bracelets to guessing what surprise songs she will be playing each night, we think Swifties are really going to miss the “Eras Tour”, because we know we will.
With that being said, we want to make sure you get your hands on the cheapest tickets possible, so we are here to help.
Here’s everything you need to know to see Taylor Swift live on during the last leg of her “Eras Tour”.
Throughout the “Eras Tour,” the cheapest last-minute tickets for Swift’s 2024 concerts have been on StubHub and Vivid Seats.
For Swift’s Nov. 1 show in Indianapolis, the cheapest ticket we could find is $2,161 on Vivid Seats. The most expensive ticket listed is $12,487.
The cheapest ticket we could find on the market for her Nov. 2 concert is $2,122 on Vivid Seats. Some tickets for this show are listed for as high as $12,155.
Finally, for her Nov. 3 concert in Indiana, the cheapest ticket we could find on the market is $2,145 on Vivid Seats. The most expensive ticket on the market for this show is $20,011.
First-time Vivid Seats users can save $20 on ticket orders over $200 by entering promo code NJ20 at checkout. Fans can check out other secondary sites to snag last-minute tickets, like TicketCity and SeatGeek.
Taylor Swift will perform 18 shows during the last leg of the “Eras Tour”.
Her next shows will be in Toronto, Ontario from Nov. 15-16. Tickets are available on sites like StubHub, Vivid Seats, TicketCity, and SeatGeek.
A complete list of Swift’s tour dates is available here.
Taylor Swift is not the only artist on a huge tour right now.
Here are a few more tours you won’t want to miss: Billie Eilish, Gracie Abrams, Sabrina Carpenter, and Shakira.
Our journalism needs your support. Please subscribe today to NJ.com.
Nicole Iuzzolino can be reached at niuzzolino@njadvancemedia.com. Have a tip? Tell us at nj.com/tips.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices