Gracie Abrams, American singer-songwriter, will come to Portland’s Moda Center on Thursday, September 5 at 7:30 p.m. as part of her “The Secret of Us Tour”. She will perform with American singer-songwriter and former rapper Role Model. Tickets are now available at a variety of price points, starting at around only $17 per seat.
Through a special arrangement, if you are purchasing tickets for the first time through Vivid Seats, use our special discount promo code “Oregon20″ at checkout to save $20 on orders of $200 or more for the event you plan on attending.
• Get tickets to Gracie Abrams in Portland: Buy tickets now for less from Vivid Seats, Stub Hub, or Ticketmaster.
Gracie Abrams an American singer-songwriter signed to Interscope Records. Originally from Los Angeles, she is the daughter of famed director J.J. Abrams and girlfriend of actor Paul Mescal. Her popular songs include “Risk” and “I love you, I’m sorry”. On September 5, Abrams will come to Portland’s Moda Center as part of her tour. Get tickets through Vivid Seats to see the show.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices