Travis Kelce took one for the team with his Eras Tour debut.
The athlete jokingly told Gracie Abrams ahead of his Wembley Stadium cameo in June that he would make her “look really good” by embarrassing himself.
The tight end, 34, quipped, “I’ll mess up,” Abrams told SiriusXM’s “The Morning Mash Up” listeners on Tuesday.
The “Us” singer, 24, noted that she and Kelce were “in the tent” together “right before [she] did two songs” herself.
The athlete took the stage during a transitional skit for Taylor Swift’s “Tortured Poets Department” set, along with two of her backup dancers.
Kelce carried the pop star to a couch after a fake faint and helped fan her.
The performance was his idea, with the three-time Super Bowl winner confirming on the “New Heights” podcast that he “initially mentioned” it to his girlfriend.
“I was like, ‘How fun would it be if I just rolled out on one of the bikes during the “1989” era?’” he explained. “She started laughing and was like ‘Would you seriously be up for doing something like that?’”
Kelce called her choice the “safest” option so he didn’t accidentally collide with someone on a bike.
He gushed over what a “blast” he had being a “ham” onstage, but acknowledged that he was worried the whole time about “f–k[ing] this up.”
Follow Page Six’s coverage of Travis Kelce and Taylor Swift’s whirlwind romance
Kelce repeatedly told himself not to “drop the baby” as he held the Grammy winner in his arms.
Swift broke her silence on the viral moment in an Instagram post last week, writing that she was still “cracking up/swooning” over it.
Kelce, who has been dating the songwriter since July 2023, teased that he may make more Eras Tour appearances soon.
The “Catching Kelce” alum last attended Swift’s final Dublin show on Sunday after rushing to Ireland from a teammate’s wedding in California, leading fans to believe he “surprised” her.
The couple partied at an Irish pub afterwards — but Kelce confirmed on Wednesday that he is no longer in the country.
Advertisement