The pair casually showcased their romance in New York City with matching outfits. 

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

New couple Gracie Abrams and Paul Mescal looked positively smitten on a stroll through New York City following the singer's back-to-back concerts at Radio City Music Hall. Abrams performed twice at the venue last weekend and was scheduled to perform a third time on Sunday until she was forced to reschedule the date to next Monday, Oct. 14, due to vocal injury.
Thankfully, it seems Mescal is keeping her spirits high in the intervening week. After initially sparking dating rumors across the pond in June, the lovebirds have taken their summer romance stateside for fall. They've even started dressing alike, as couples often do when they're sharing a closet.
On their most recent outing, Abrams paired a cream-colored Moody Blues T-shirt with dark wash jeans, a small black shoulder bag, black oval sunglasses, and strappy white, peep-toe ballet flats. Like a good boyfriend, Mescal matched the emerging pop star's freak in a white Ole Miss ringer tee, navy blue trousers, black leather boots, and black sunglasses.
Gracie Abrams and Paul Mescal stroll through New York City in coordinating outfits. 
Graphic T-shirts are now enjoying a revival amid Gen Z's obsession with Y2K and indie sleaze aesthetics. Vogue traced the trend back to the rise of Praying's ironic slogan T-shirts in 2020, thanks to early adopters such as Charli XCX, Addison Rae, and Ethel Cain. This year, the celebrity graphic tee of choice seems to be Stella McCartney's "About F–cking Time!" tank top, which dropped in the designer's Fall 2024 collection. Spotted on the likes of Madonna, Paris Hilton, Amelia Gray, Charli XCX, and Zoë Kravitz, the graphic tank top is a reproduction of a DIY design McCartney wore in 1999 when her Beatles legend father, Paul, was inducted in the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame. Meanwhile, Kaia Gerber has worn graphic tees from her reading group, Library Science, to join in the trend.
Abrams and Mescal must've have gotten memo. Now, can we get this couple on a red carpet?
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
Hanna Lustig is a staff writer at Marie Claire, where she gets to gab every day about the topics she holds most dear: fashion, beauty, and celebrity. Hanna’s editorial journey began with formative internships at Elle and InStyle, where she was lucky enough to work for some of the smartest women in media while she was still in college at the University of Tennessee. Hanna then accepted a digital culture reporting fellowship at Insider, where she helped carve out a new beat dedicated to covering influencers. Those experiences later served her well as a staff writer at Glamour, where she developed a knack for spinning quick turnaround celebrity news and trend reporting into juicy feature stories. Some of her greatest hits include an earnest ode to the no-pants trend, this meticulously reported feature exploring the rise of endoscopic facelifts, this snappy take on the Chanel-designed fantasy of Sofia Richie’s wedding, this tribute to WAGs past and present, and this timeline of Katie Holmes’s life and career as told through her denim collection.
Diane Keaton once hung up on Hanna during an interview, but thankfully that mishap did not derail what has otherwise been a deeply fulfilling career writing for and about women. As one of Marie Claire's resident experts on style and culture, her current coverage ranges from exploring TikTok's contrast makeup theory and the return of the boat shoe trend to interviews with costume designers for hit shows like Nobody Wants This and The Penguin. When she’s not at work, Hanna can probably be found listening to pop music, talking to her dog, and gossiping with her best friends. For more of Hanna’s perfect opinions on pop culture, you can follow her on Instagram and X.

Playwright Kimberly Belflower breaks down the significance of the Tony-nominated show's killer needle drops.


Four cup sizes down and a massive scar revision—all before 30.


Trust us.


Are we sure this didn't air on the Disney Channel?


I love this custom look, I'm (not) sorry!


The girls were girling in coordinating looks at Via Carota in New York City.


Gracie Abrams is also a fan.


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.