ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
ATLANTA, GA - FEBRUARY 01:  Post Malone performs onstage during Day 2 of Bud Light Super Bowl Music ... More Fest at State Farm Arena on February 1, 2019 in Atlanta, Georgia.  (Photo by Kevin Winter/Getty Images for Bud Light Super Bowl Music Fest)
The vast majority of new releases, both songs and albums, drop on Friday. The new chart frame begins on the last day of the work week, so it makes sense that most artists would want their latest projects to enjoy a full seven-day tracking period in which to rack up sales and streams and compete for a lofty position on the Billboard charts the following week.
This Friday (June 21) saw several superstars release new songs, and the American public was clearly interested in hearing the latest from some of the biggest names in the music industry. Looking at Spotify’s own ranking of the most-streamed tracks on the platform in the U.S., it’s easy to see who won the latest New Music Friday, in the verbiage of the site.
Post Malone’s new single “Pour Me a Drink” earns the top debut this week on Spotify. His just-released collaboration with Blake Shelton opens at No. 9 on the list of the most popular tracks on the platform in America. In just its first day, it collected 1.561 million streams.
The rapper-turned-pop singer-turned-country star grabs the only top 10 start this week. Malone manages to outpace a number of well-known figures in the music world, including a singer with whom he just earned a huge smash.
Taylor Swift’s latest song starts just beneath the top 10. The superstar teamed up with Gracie Abrams for her tune “Us,” which is featured on Abrams’ new album The Secret of Us. “Us” is a collaboration between the two, and it launches at No. 12 on the Spotify U.S. chart for Friday, June 21.
Malone and Swift teamed up for a huge global hit earlier this year. She recruited him for the track “Fortnight,” which served as the lead single from her latest album The Tortured Poets Department. The smash scored a huge sales and streaming debut, and it opened at No. 1 on the Hot 100.
“Pour Me a Drink” isn’t even Malone’s highest-ranking hit on Spotify at the moment. His previous country tune “I Had Some Help” with Morgan Wallen lifts one rung to No. 4. That cut, which has now ruled the Hot 100 for five consecutive frames, racked up another 2.7 million plays yesterday.