By 

	Elizabeth Taylor


	To mark the opening of their new flagship watches and fine jewelry boutique, Chanel hosted a whimsical that drew the likes of prolific Oscar nominees, fashion industry leaders, and New York City art society.

	Venerated architect and long-standing Chanel collaborator, Peter Marino, helped kick off the festivities with an intimate cocktail party toasting the first glimpse of his dreamy two-story design.





	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					2025 NBA Playoffs Hold Promise of a Ratings Rebound 		
			














	
		
					Gaza-Set Cannes ACID Selected Fatma Hassona Documentary 'Put Your Soul on Your Hand and Walk' Boarded by Cercamon (EXCLUSIVE)		
			








	The night of celebration continued next door, where America Ferrera, Carey Mulligan, Michelle Williams, Kerry Washington, Elizabeth Olsen, Katie Holmes, Seth Meyers, Natasha Lyonne, Amandla Stenberg, Rose Byrne, Zazie Beetz, Sadie Sink, Tommy Dorfman, Rachel Brosnahan, Chase Sui Wonders, Lucy Boynton, Francesca Scorsese, and Larry Gagosian gathered for a special pop-up dinner.

	










			Popular on Variety		






	The spellbinding room illuminated with a starry crowd of about 250 dripping in gorgeous diamond necklaces and opulent watches. Tables overflowed with a cascade of sweet-smelling white flowers and candles. The menu featured butter-poached lobster and twice-baked potato covered in dollops of caviar.

	“I think it’s amazing,” “Maestro” star Carey Mulligan told Variety. “Just seeing the incredible array of women who are here tonight like people I just bumped into – Kerry Washington and America Ferrera. It’s just an unbelievable display. And it’s so cool to think back to the 1930s and to think of a woman [Coco Chanel] being such a trailblazer in that time. And here we are today still celebrating her work that is still finding new audiences.”

	She continued, “I’ve worked on films from ‘Suffragette,’ ‘She Said’ and ‘Promising Young Woman’ that I think are overtly feminist in the construct. They are making a statement about feminism and the importance of a woman’s voice.”

	Then Mulligan reflected on her latest film: “What I loved about “Maestro” is that the idea of writing a strong female character isn’t that a woman necessarily has to be strong. They can be weak. They can be all sorts of things. And women are multifaceted just like men.”

	










	After the lavish feast, the group was treated to a surprise musical performance by Grammy nominee Gracie Abrams. “It is so cool to share this space with you tonight,” the singer said. “Anytime there is an excuse to do something with Chanel, it’s just fun. It just feels like a family.”

	Olsen offered, “It’s been almost 100 years. It’s kind of mind-blowing with a really brilliant woman at the helm who was able to build a brand on so many elements beyond clothes and jewelry and politics and perfume …it’s really an incredible history.”
The Business of Entertainment