Taylor Swift will perform in Miami from Oct. 18-20, during the last leg of her "Eras Tour".AP Photo/George Walker IV
The beginning of the end is finally here, so you don’t want to miss out on Taylor Swift’s Miami shows!
Swift will head to Miami, Fla. this weekend to perform at the Hard Rock Stadium from Oct. 18-20.
Here’s everything you need to know to see Taylor Swift live on during the last leg of her “Eras Tour”.
Throughout the “Eras Tour,” the cheapest last-minute tickets for Swift’s 2024 concerts have been on StubHub and Vivid Seats.
For Swift’s Oct. 18 show in Miami, the cheapest ticket we could find is $1,332 on StubHub. The most expensive ticket listed is $11,874.
The cheapest ticket we could find on the market for her Oct. 19 concert is $1,075 on Vivid Seats. Some tickets for this show are listed for as high as $10,372.
Finally, for her Oct. 20 concert in Miami, Fla., the cheapest ticket we could find on the market is $1,126 on Vivid Seats. The most expensive ticket on the market for this show is $11,988.
First-time Vivid Seats users can save $20 on ticket orders over $200 by entering promo code NJ20 at checkout.
Fans also should check out other secondary sites to snag last-minute tickets, like TicketCity and SeatGeek.
Taylor Swift will perform 18 shows during the last leg of the “Eras Tour”.
Her next shows will be in New Orleans, La. from Oct. 25-27. Tickets are available on sites like StubHub, Vivid Seats, TicketCity, and SeatGeek.
A complete list of Swift’s tour dates is available here.
Taylor Swift is not the only artist on a huge tour right now.
Here are a few more tours you won’t want to miss: Billie Eilish, Gracie Abrams, Sabrina Carpenter, and Justin Timberlake.
Our journalism needs your support. Please subscribe today to NJ.com.
Nicole Iuzzolino can be reached at niuzzolino@njadvancemedia.com. Have a tip? Tell us at nj.com/tips.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices