By Glenn Garner 
Associate Editor

	As Chris Rock makes his return to Saturday Night Live, the cast is diving into his filmography.

	The 4x Emmy winner, who was part of the SNL cast from 1990 to ’93, appeared in a new promo on Thursday for this weekend’s episode with musical guest Gracie Abrams and cast member Heidi Gardner, who bonded over their favorite Rock movie.

	“You know, Gracie and I were just saying how you did our absolute favorite movie in the world,” Gardner told him.

	After guessing Madagascar (2005) and Grown Ups (2010), Abrams revealed, “No, Pootie Tang.”

	“Y’all really like Pootie Tang?” asked Rock with a look of surprise as Abrams responded “sa da tay” and Gardner quipped “wa-da-tah,” quoting the titular ghetto folk hero (played by Lance Crouther) from the 2001 comedy.

	










			Watch on Deadline		






	Adapted from a sketch on The Chris Rock Show, Rock appeared in the Louis C.K.-helmed film as Daddy Tang.

	Gardner also told Rock she “grew up on your stand-up,” adding: “No, I mean it. I didn’t have parents, I didn’t go to school, I just had a VHS copy of Bigger and Blacker and a dream.”

	“Damn,” Rock replied.

	Next week, fellow SNL alum Martin Short will host with musical guest Hozier. Created by Lorne Michaels in 1975, the NBC sketch comedy show will celebrate its 50th anniversary with a primetime special Sunday, Feb. 16.
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.