By LILY JOBSON FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  07:24, 8 October 2024   |  Updated:  08:12, 15 October 2024   
 81
View  comments
Paul Mescal and his girlfriend Gracie Abrams struggled to keep their hands off each other during a walk in New York City on Saturday.
The Normal People actor, 28, sweetly wrapped his arm around the singer and gave her a kiss on her forehead as they roamed around the big apple.
Gracie - the daughter of Hollywood film director JJ Abrams - then placed a firm kiss on Paul's hand.
The happy couple appear to be stronger than ever after confirming their romance in August.
During their PDA-filled outing, Paul and Gracie didn't shy away from showing off their love for one another. 
Paul Mescal, 28, and his girlfriend Gracie Abrams struggled to keep their hands off each other during a walk in New York City on Saturday
Gracie - the daughter of Hollywood film director JJ Abrams - placed a firm kiss on Paul's hand
The happy couple appear to be going stronger than ever after confirming their romance in August
The Irish actor locked hands with Gracie throughout their brisk walk around the streets.
Paul cut a trendy figure in blue trousers and a white graphic T-shirt, teamed with black boots.
Hitmaker Gracie looked casual in wide leg trousers, a logo T-shirt and wore stylish Persol sunglasses.
The couple attempted to keep a low-profile by wearing dark-rimmed sunglasses.
Paul confirmed his new romance with Gracie during a public appearance over the summer.
The star, who was first spotted with Gracie two months earlier, wrapped his arms around her while they took a leisurely stroll.
They were previously spotted shopping together in the capital in July, during which they behaved like 'any other young couple.' 
A source told The Sun: 'Paul and Gracie looked like any other young couple hitting the shops, and they went almost unnoticed.
During their PDA-filled outing, Paul and Gracie didn't shy away from showing off their love for one another
The Normal People actor sweetly wrapped his arm around the singer and gave her a kiss on the cheek as they roamed around the big apple
The Irish actor locked hands with Gracie throughout their brisk walk around the streets
Paul cut a trendy figure in blue trousers and a white graphic T-shirt, teamed with black boots
Hitmaker Gracie looked casual in wide leg trousers, a logo T-shirt and wore open-toe white sandals
The couple attempted to keep a low-profile by wearing dark-rimmed sunglasses
Paul confirmed his new romance with Gracie during a public appearance over the summer
The star, who was first spotted with Gracie two months earlier, wrapped his arms around her while they took a leisurely stroll
They were previously spotted shopping together in the capital in July, during which they behaved like 'any other young couple'
The pair could be set to become Hollywood's latest 'power couple' should they remain together, with both of their profiles on the rise
The couple looked more than loved-up
The couple couldn't wipe their smiles off their faces
Gracie was all smiles as Paul kissed her on the forehead
Paul and Gracie linked fingers on their outing
'They seemed very relaxed in each other’s company and were busy checking out the posh shops on Bond Street.
'Paul is a very low-key person, as is Gracie, so there was no fanfare and they kept their distance from each other when they were out on the street'.
The insider also claimed that following their shopping spree, both Paul and the Close To You singer 'left separately' and they each made their own way home.
Gracie had been in the UK for a series of gigs and was said to have been staying at the Chiltern Firehouse in central London.
Paul wasn't spotted at any of her recent shows which took place in Kingston-Upon-Thames, Bristol and Southampton, but the source thought it was 'telling' that she chose to keep coming back to the English capital.
The couple were also seen recently dining together at Brat, a Michelin-starred restaurant in London's Shoreditch.
The pair could be set to become Hollywood's latest 'power couple' should they remain together, with both of their profiles on the rise.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group