Singer Tom Grennan has revealed he wants to cover The Pogues' "perfect song" Fairytale of New York with You Don't Know me star Raye.
The 29-year-old, who lost his own bid for Christmas Number 1 this year to Christmas heavyweights Wham!, named the much-loved track as his favourite ever festive tune. Bedford native Tom says he thinks he and Raye would work well together.
Speaking to BANG Showbiz, Tom explained: “‘Fairytale of New York’ is my favourite Christmas song going. I think it’s just the perfect song … Who would I do it with? Raye. I would like to do that next year. ‘Cos she’s like gone clear now so if she’d have little old me on a song then I’d love that. But I just think we’d really work well with that song together. So yeah, that’s the aim.”
He also confessed he'll be turning his phone off over the festive period, hoping for a quiet family Christmas. He added: "I’m lucky. I’m going back to my family … having Christmas with my wife’s family, with my family, and just chilling out. I’ve got a busy year coming up and I’m really going to try to take that time to relax and maybe just turn off my phone and just be present in the moment and get ready for ’25 because it’s a big one."
His new album will be the focus for 2025, following his attempt to get a Christmas Number 1 with Amazon Music single It Can't Be Christmas. Although he didn't quite make the top spot, Grennan still bagged himself an extremely respectable fourth place in the Christmas chart, with only Wham!, Gracie Abrams and Mariah Carey ahead of him.
Speaking on The One Show, he told hosts Roman Kemp and Lauren Laverne: "This week has been crazy," when Alex explained he'd been "up and down the country," Tom responded: "Glasgow, Manchester, Birmingham – meeting so many people, obviously promoting It Can't Be Christmas."
"Yeah, brilliant reaction to it though!" Alex said. Tom added "Honestly, it's been crazy, all I wanted was to try and create a modern classic Christmas song." When Alex added that it was "tricky", Tom confirmed it "definitely" was. The Royal Highness hitmaker went on to say: "We were in the run for the Number One spot, obviously, Wham! got that. Wham! are the fabric of Christmas. But to be in the mix is amazing, I just hope that It Can't Be Christmas sticks around for a long time... Cash money."
Taking to Instagram, Tom addressed his followers, writing: "Oh we didn't get the Number One but that's alright. Congrats to Wham! like Andrew said in his interview, Last Christmas is definitely the fabric of what Christmas is. To be up there with the likes of Wham! is an incredible achievement, I'm very, very proud, thank you everybody who's bought the record, streamed the record, now we still could get a Number One at Christmas, next week, unofficially a Number One at Christmas, if you keep streaming, keep buying, around the Christmas dinner table, tell Alexa play 'It Can't Be Christmas'."
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok , Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.