The singer will appear in an episode of the show airing this fall.

													By
												

	Hannah Dailey


Noah Kahan brought a little Vermont to Sesame Street during a recent visit, as shared by the iconic children’s show in an adorable post on Wednesday (March 27).

	The long-running series uploaded a sweet video of Kahan hanging out with Elmo, as well as Tango the dog, on set. He also met a new character named Stick — who is, naturally, a stick-shaped Muppet. 

	“Everyone’s always talking about leaves, leaves, leaves, but now, sticks have finally made it!” Stick says, thanking the singer-songwriter for celebrating his kind on the Billboard Hot 100 top 10 hit “Stick Season.”

	










	At one point, the New England native sings a snippet of the track, adding a twist. “Love Sesame, but it’s the season of the sticks,” he belts, making Elmo cheer.




			Trending on Billboard		






	Kahan’s visit to the home of Big Bird and Oscar the Grouch follows Mean Girls star Reneé Rapp posting about meeting Elmo on the Sesame Street stoop last week. According to a release, the “Dial Drunk” artist will be featured in an episode of the show’s 55th season, which will air in the fall.

	Posting a photo with Elmo, as well as a snap featuring Cookie Monster, Kahan described shooting his Sesame Street cameo as “one of the best days of my life.” “Kicking it with some old New York friends,” he added in his caption.

	“Elmo loves you, Mr. Noah!” the fuzzy red monster commented. “Please come visit Sesame Street again soon!”

	Kahan recently earned his highest Billboard 200 peak with his 2022 album Stick Season, which reached No. 2 on the chart last week — almost a year and a half after it was originally released. The project’s trajectory was elevated by the releases of deluxe editions in 2023 and earlier this year, featuring collaborations with Hozier, Post Malone, Gracie Abrams and more.

	In February, both Kahan and Abrams were in the running for best new artist at the 2024 Grammys, where Victoria Monét ended up winning the category.

	Watch a clip of Kahan’s time on Sesame Street below.
A post shared by Sesame Street (@sesamestreet)
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.