The record-breaking tour kicked off in March 2023.
It's the end of an era -- Taylor Swift's groundbreaking Eras Tour, to be exact.
After first announcing the tour in November 2022 on "Good Morning America," describing it at the time as "a journey through all of my musical eras of my career," Swift will officially drop the curtain on her nearly two-year trek around the world this weekend.
Continue reading for everything you need to know about the end of Swift's monumental Eras Tour.
Swift's last Eras Tour show will take place on Dec. 8, after the singer completed shows on Dec. 6 and Dec. 7.
Swift's final Eras Tour show will take place at BC Place in Vancouver, Canada, where she performed on Dec. 6 and Dec. 7.
While it remains to be seen which of Swift's celebrity friends will attend her last Eras Tour concert, one person is certain: Gracie Abrams, her opener for all three shows.
Some of Swift's besties, including Blake Lively and Gigi Hadid, have attended previous shows as well as notable guests including Tom Cruise and Prince William with kids Prince George and Princess Charlotte.
Swift's boyfriend, Travis Kelce, has attended several of her Eras Tour shows throughout their time together.
He will be playing with his NFL team, the Kansas City Chiefs, in a game against the Los Angeles Charges on Sunday, Dec. 8, while Swift is performing her very last Eras Tour concert.
Kelce, who joined Swift onstage during one of her London shows in June, attended one of his girlfriend's final U.S. concert stops of the Eras Tour in November. "I wanted to see Tay one more time before this thing got closed up," he said on the Nov. 6 episode of his "New Heights" podcast of attending a show in Indianapolis, Indiana.
If you have tickets for Swift's final show of the Eras Tour, lucky you!
For those who don't, you can always check out the pop star's concert film, "Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour (Taylor's Version)" streaming on Disney+.
The concert film was released in October 2023 and earned more than $261 million at the worldwide box office, according to The Numbers, making it the highest-grossing concert film of all time, per Guinness World Records.
"Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour" went on to earn a nomination for cinematic and box office achievement at the 2024 Golden Globe Awards.
Swift's Eras Tour cemented itself as the highest-grossing music tour ever by December 2023 by earning more than $1 billion, according to Pollstar.
Final estimates of the tour's earnings have yet to be reported.
Swift kicked off the Eras Tour in March 2023.
24/7 coverage of breaking news and live events