Abrams is set to perform in countries like Singapore, Thailand, and Taiwan for the first time – see the list of tour dates and how to get tickets
Gracie Abrams has announced her 2025 ‘The Secret Of Us’ Asia tour, performing in various countries for the first time. See tour dates and ticket information below.
The singer-songwriter announced the tour dates earlier today (December 3) – Abrams is set to perform in Singapore, South Korea, Hong Kong, Taiwan, China, Japan and Thailand.
“We are finally bringing our show to Asia for the first time ever!!!!!!!” Abrams told fans in an Instagram post.
“I’m so unbelievably excited and honored to perform in each of these cities. It’s been my dream for years now to meet all of you and I can’t believe it’s actually truly happening… so wild :’)” Her Asia tour will take place after performing in UK and Europe, set to commence in March 2025. Check out the full list of dates here.
For Singapore and Thailand, fans can purchase tickets via Live Nation pre-sale on December 12 at 2pm Singapore time and 9am Thailand time, respectively. General sales will commence on December 13 at 10am (Singapore) and 9am (Thailand).
Fans in Taiwan can purchase presale and general tickets on the same two days respectively at 11am local time.
In Hong Kong, ticket sales will start a little later – pre-sales on December 16 at 3pm local time, and general sales on December 17 at same timing. Fans in Seoul can only look forward to general ticket sales on December 12 at 12pm local time.
A post shared by Gracie Abrams (@gracieabrams)
APRIL
3 – Singapore – The Star Theatre
6 – Seoul, South Korea – Myunghwa Live Hall
8 – Tokyo, Japan – Zepp Haneda
10 – Shanghai, China – Echo Music Park
14 – Hong Kong – Macpherson Stadium
17 – Taipei, Taiwan – Taipei International Convention Center
19 – Bangkok, Thailand – Samyan Mitrtown Hall
Abrams is set to wrap up her support engagements for Taylor Swift‘s ‘Eras’ tour on December 8 in Vancouver, Canada.
Last month (November 22), it was reported that Abrams, alongside other 2024 pop standouts like Chappell Roan and Sabrina Carpenter, is in the running to clinch the Number One spot on the singles chart in time for Christmas 2024.
Abrams also recently teased a “very vulgar” version of hit song ‘That’s So True’, although it “will never see the light of day”.
On playing stadiums these days, as opposed to her first ever ‘bedroom’ tour in 2020, Abrams told NME: “I remember speaking with NME last time [in 2021] and it was so at the very beginning of having played any show ever,” she says.
“I think the biggest difference is that I have a deep love for shows now, not the being on stage part, but the connectivity. I feel like it allows me to be a part of this community that is so unlike anything I know anywhere else. Now that I’ve experienced that, I can’t imagine not having that in my life.”
In a four-star review of Abrams’ newest album ‘The Secret Of Us’, Hannah Mylrea wrote for NME: “It’s a moment of pure pop catharsis that leans into the good, bad and messy of infatuation. This is the joy of ‘The Secret of Us’: it doesn’t shy away from the complex or contradictory. Here Gracie Abrams embraces her growing pains and celebrates enduring the difficult moments. She’s never sounded better.”
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.