Friday was Taylor Swift’s 35th birthday, and she spent the evening with her boyfriend, Kansas City Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce, Page Six reports. A source told the outlet that the couple kept the festivities intimate—“just them two”—but Kelce made the night very special.  
“He got her a ton of gifts,” said the insider. Fans noted she also had a cake from a Leawood, Kansas, bakery:
Earlier that day, Kelce was seen at a NFL charity event in an Instagram Story posted by Chiefs heiress Gracie Hunt. Page Six’s source shared that he was able to “leave early to go be with Taylor for her birthday.”
Swift was photographed visiting a children’s hospital in Kansas City, Missouri, the day before her birthday. While Kelce wasn’t with her, it marked Swift’s first public sighting since her Eras Tour ended. It also signaled she was spending time with her partner, who is based there.
Because of his obligations to the Chiefs, Kelce could not attend Swift’s last three Eras Tour shows in Vancouver last week. The final show he was able to make was in Indianapolis on November 2, because the NFL player had a number of games that either conflicted directly with her concerts or were the very next day.
Last week, a source told Page Six that because of his absence, he wanted to make Swift’s birthday “extra special.”
“Travis has only let a few of those closest to him know what he has in store for Taylor because he doesn’t want to ruin any surprises,” the insider said, adding that he had “been shopping for Christmas and birthday gifts for Taylor for quite a while.”
“[He is] not the type to leave these things to the last minute so he’s been picking up items here and there for the past several months whenever he has a chance,” the source shared. “[Some] gifts are things Taylor has casually mentioned she would like...Travis makes sure to always listen even when Taylor doesn’t realize he is.”
The couple has still found time to spend together this holiday season despite their busy careers. People reported that on Thanksgiving, Kelce and Swift celebrated the day with their families in Nashville. The next day, the singer was at his home game at Arrowhead Stadium with his mom, Donna Kelce.
Kelce and Swift weren’t able to spend her birthday together last year, as Kelce had practice that day.  She ended up having a party with friends in New York City at The Box. Attendees included Sabrina Carpenter, Blake Lively, Zoë Kravitz, Gigi Hadid, and Gracie Abrams. 
See Princess Charlotte’s 10th Birthday Portrait
Blue Ivy Carter Glitters in Gold on Beyoncé’s Tour
Hailey Bieber Steps Out in Archival Gucci
All the Best Photos From Kylie and Timothée’s Date
Shailene and Lucas’s Relationship History
All We Know About Selena and Benny’s Wedding Plans
Selena on Getting Rash After First Kiss With Benny
Michelle Obama on Raising Kids in the White House
A Source Debunks Taylor and Travis Rumors
Why Meghan Has Secret Emails for Archie and Lili
All About Blue Ivy Carter 
Watch Rumi Carter Make Her Stage Debut
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.