All products featured on Vogue are independently selected by our editors. However, we may receive compensation from retailers and/or from purchases of products through these links.
Somehow as I inched closer towards 40, my hemlines inched closer towards my ankles. I turned 39 in November and couldn’t remember the last time I wore a dress or skirt that showed my knees. In the summer I wear flowy A-line cotton dresses that graze mid-calf, in the fall and winter pencil skirts hit my knee or below. I have shorter skirts in my closet, was there a reason I never wore them anymore? Age is certainly a factor. I am categorically an elder millennial and I never want people to think I woke up one morning intent on cosplaying a Gracie Abrams-loving Gen-Z queen. And yet, why can’t an almost 40 year-old wear a short skirt?
I considered this when asking a fashion editor friend whether my mid-calf houndstooth skirt worked with kitten heels. She looked down dubiously, then definitive: “No. The longer the hem the higher the heel needs to be.” I really don’t like wearing high heels for more than a few hours, so I wondered if the inverse would be true: the shorter the skirt, the lower the heel? I figured it was worth a try. And why not experiment with a different silhouette? For some reason, a shorter hem channeled festive to me and felt holiday party appropriate. Off we went.
In 2013 I snapped up a Marc Jacobs mini dress from his fall 2012 goth victoriana collection, one of my favorites, on sale on Moda Operandi. Even then, it grazed too high on my thigh for comfort, especially on sticky bare-legged days. But for an evening with two holiday stops I braved the velvet and pom pom trimmed, tropical print shift with a pair of opaque black tights and Tabitha Simmons pointy toe Mary Janes for two seasonal fétes: Derek Blasberg’s wreath-making extravaganza at Banana Republic and Kaitlin Phillips’ Chinatown bacchanal. The trial began though with pre-school drop-off where I was harshly reminded that bending over needed to be a thoughtful affair. The cardboard gingerbread men they were making in my son Artthur’s classroom were displayed on the floor—I almost surely flashed more than my hem to poor Lenka, Arthur’s unsuspecting teacher. Once at the office I was reminded of a few short skirt concerns: stocking quality is of the utmost importance. Tights move from an ensemble cast member to near top billing, there is just so much more stocking visible with a higher hemline. I tend towards inexpensive tights because I get runs in them so often, but my opaque J.Crew pair were a tad too shiny for this occasion and I regretted not wearing my more matte Wolford or Swedish Stockings ones. I also realized you cannot wear tights with a darker girdle section (as many pairs have) as this gradation can peek out when you sit. Sitting in a short skirt was an extra consideration that I did not appreciate. I am in a lot of meetings seated next to colleagues and the constant fear of showing them too much of my thighs was a distraction.
For the Vogue holiday party I wore a red and navy crewel work Tory Burch skirt that has hibernated in my closet for several years. This attempt was more successful because the skirt is slightly longer than the Marc mini dress and that extra inch or two meant I wasn’t constantly fussing with the hem when seated. But proportions feel important with a mini skirt. The equation that worked for me was: small earring, small heel, large sweater. With the Tory Burch skirt I wore a moss-colored v-neck sweater long ago borrowed from my stepfather. The looseness of it felt right with the narrow, short silhouette of the skirt. I broke my flats rule by wearing a chunky heeled loafer and felt like that worked in this rare scenario but if tried again I may revert to a flat loafer.
My final effort was a black satin Banana Republic mini skirt purchased for this very assignment. I wore it with a festive red Tory Burch v-neck sweater that hits below my hip, flat Mary Janes and tiny diamond drops. I am between sizes and taking the smaller size, the skirt fit but was a scootch too snug making me feel a bit too close to Bridget Jones sliding down the firepole and fannying about with the press releases. For Emily Bode and Aaron Ajula’s holiday party I added a velvet bow in my hair and felt a bit too coquette, noting to myself for the future that bows should stick with longer lines to be less Eloise adjacent. At the party I found my friend Joana Avillez wearing a very similar ensemble: red flamenco-inspired top and black tiny skirt. The next day she texted me when I sent her a photo of us twinning: “I also made a resolution to wear shorter skirts. Thinking ahead to when we’re old!” I’m not sure if that means we should wear short skirts when we’re old or if we should take advantage of wearing them before we get there but for the foreseeable future I will be trying a shorter hem–every now and then.
Balmain
embellished cotton-velvet mini skirt
NET-A-PORTER
Coach
boucle skirt
COACH
Madewell
x Alexa Chung corduroy mini skirt
MADEWELL
Banana Republic
satin mini skirt
BANANA REPUBLIC
Shop Spring’s Standout Pieces—All for Under $300
The Best New Arrivals to Shop Now
The Dress Shop Is Here—100+ Best Styles of the Season
Vogue Essentials: Shop Wardrobe Staples That Will Never Go Out of Style
What's Everyone Buying These Days? Shop 60+ It Items That Are Defining Fashion Right Now
80+ Pieces of Transitional Clothing to Tackle the In-Between Season in Style
Sign up for Vogue’s shopping newsletter to receive the insider’s guide to what to shop and how to wear it
More from Vogue
See More Stories
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Vogue may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
CN Fashion & Beauty