Austin Butler and Kaia Gerber are still going strong.
The “Elvis” star and the model shut down breakup rumors as they were spotted holding hands after dinner in New York City on Saturday.
The actor was photographed opening the car door for his girlfriend before they made their way to Radio City Music Hall for a Gracie Abrams concert.
Butler, 33, shielded his face with a blue baseball cap, which he paired with a blue sweater, cargo pants and Nike sneakers.
As for Gerber, 23, she sported a blue cropped tee, low-rise jeans and black ballet flats.
While leaving the venue, the couple walked close together, with the “Carrie Diaries” alum covering his face with a black mask.
The rare sighting of the duo together comes after Gerber was seen having dinner with Laura Dern and Liam Hemsworth at The Polo Bar in NYC last week.
Photos exclusively obtained by Page Six showed the trio smiling upon leaving the ritzy restaurant, however Butler was nowhere in sight.
A insider told Page Six that the “Dune: Part Two” star was supposed to join the outing, but he got stuck filming his forthcoming movie “Caught Stealing.”
We learned he couldn’t make it because “he has been filming long hours for Darren Aronofsky’s new movie.”
The following day, the actor was photographed kissing co-star Zoë Kravitz while filming in the Big Apple.
Butler and Gerber have been facing split rumors since a blind item posted on gossip blog DeuxMoi alleged the model was seen “all over” comedian Marcelo Hernandez while dining at NYC restaurant The Odeon.
Photos posted on Reddit showed Gerber and the “Saturday Night Live” star close together.
And last week, Cindy Crawford’s look-alike daughter attended a musical with music video director Cole Bennett.
“Everything is fine with Kaia and Austin,” an insider told Page Six. “She’s just out and about.”
Even though Butler and Gerber have rarely been seen together publicly, we’re told they are often spending time together privately. 
According to a source, the pair has busy schedules and enjoys their alone time.
The couple has been dating since early 2022 following Gerber’s split from “Euphoria” star Jacob Elordi.
Advertisement