36 finds in the season's color palette for under $300. 

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Getting dressed in the fall has back-to-school energy that always translates to a new wardrobe. Every time the weather cools, I jump at the chance to pick up a few new pieces in one of fall 2024's biggest color trends. This season, I'm stocking up on every shade (on sale!) at J.Crew, Nordstrom, and Banana Republic.
Fall's color palette somehow feels both familiar and fresh. Summer's red color trend is turning into a darker, deeper shade for the new season—an oxblood hue that feels true to the season. Then there are all variations of green on the rise, from classic olive to Charli XCX's famed brat green hue. Additionally, grey and camel brown, two shades I've always included in my fall work outfits, are now the fashion set's favorite neutrals, alongside soft shades of soft pink and blue. Whether you opt for a brighter option or something more tame, you have nearly endless options this season—on sale, of course.
Ahead, shop all of these colorful finds and more from the well-stocked sale sections at Nordstrom, J.Crew, and Banana Republic. Rest assured, these 36 pieces, which are all priced at under $300, are easy to style and will have you in the season's most-favored shades. I even included some runway inspiration for you to consider while getting dressed.
Models at  Tory Burch, Hermès, and Gucci prove wine red is an all-time favorite fall hue. 
Wine red is a classic fall shade that I love to wear year after year. Shop it for 2024 by picking up a leather jacket in the shade, a pair of loafers from J.Crew, and a top that proves the peplum trend is back.
I'm sure you already have a leather jacket in your closet, but you probably don't have one in this cool red shade. Add this Levi's find to your rotation and instantly look like a fashion girl. 
Wear this off-the-shoulder sweater to date night for a subtle sexy peek of skin.
In case you didn't know, the peplum top is back, but the silhouette feels cooler in 2024 than it did in 2010. 
Come fall and winter, your outerwear is what makes a statement so why not use color to do so? This coat has a timeless wrap style you'll wear for years to come, plus reviewers love how it dresses up any outfit. 
The next time you think your outfit is missing something, swap out your black shoes for this elevated pair of loafers. With the pop of color, your look will be far from boring. 
Green proves it's going to be everywhere this fall thanks to looks at Ferragamo, Chloè, and Gucci.
Green hues popped up at Ferragamo, Chloè, and Gucci, proving that the shade is going far beyond its bratty summer moniker. Now you can shop cardigans, wide-leg trousers, and a shirt dress in the shade to get you ready for fall.
This top-rated cardigan comes in plenty of colors—eight to be exact—but this olive green shade feels like your freshest option for fall. 
The addition of cargo pockets and a drawstring waist give this skirt major street-style appeal.
A relaxed fit and not-too-wide silhouette make these pants a pair you'll want to wear all season long. J.Crew shoppers say they're soft and comfortable, too. 
Throw this dress on with a pair of slingback heels, and you've got an easy and trendy fall work outfit. It's just as easy to dress down, too, with your favorite sneakers or combat boots. 
Don't pass this off as a mere summer top. You can still get plenty of wear out of it now under all of your fall jackets and coats. It would look especially elegant paired with wide-legged denim and a blazer. 
Take after Katie Holmes and opt for barrel-leg jeans (or pants!) for fall. They have a rounded shape that's chic and a lot easier to pull off than you may think. Holmes wore hers with ballet flats and a button-down shirt, in case you need inspiration. 
Gray has gone beyond the C-Suite this season—just ask Alberta Ferretti, Brandon Maxwell, and Stella McCartney. 
Gray might seem like it's only good for the office, but designers show that it can (and should!)) be worn on your out-of-office days, too. Shop a cropped shacket perfect for your layered outfits, a pair of straight-leg trousers that are so classic, and more.
Pair this sweater dress with knee-high boots and you've got a winning fall outfit formula every time. You'll look and feel put together together with zero effort required. 
Sure, these pants are obviously a great fit for the office but they work for plenty of other occasions, too. Pair them with pointed-toe heels and a corset top and you've got a fashion-forward going-out outfit on your hands. 
J.Crew's Lady Jackets are iconic, and now's your chance to snag a cool style on sale. This short-sleeve version is ideal for these in-between months when the weather isn't too hot or cold. 
Trust me, you'll want to wear these pants everywhere this season, whether to brunch with a cropped tee and sneakers or to work with a blazer and heels. 
Speaking of, this is a blazer you won't ever want to get rid of. It's made from luxe Italian wool and features a relaxed fit, instantly elevating anything you wear underneath it. 
This poncho is easy to throw over anything you have on and will make it look like you spent hours sandwiching your tops. Did I mention it's 100 percent cashmere? 
Classic brands like Ralph Lauren and Burberry showed wearable tan looks alongside playful options at Miu Miu. 
These aren't the camel pieces your mom and grandma relied on. The shade has been made modern again in the form of cargo pants, a classic trench coat (it's a must!) and plenty of cozy sweaters.
Winter may seem far away, but it will be here before you know it. Get ahead of the season with this on-sale coat in the dreamiest camel shade. 
While not an exact match, this under-$100 jacket is an affordable take on the barn jacket trend celebrities have been wearing non-stop in recent months. 
J.Crew has plenty of knits in its sale offering but this one has nearly all five-star ratings. Reviewers say it's a great weight for multiple seasons. 
These pants will be a wardrobe staple for years to come. Simple, elegant, and comfortable, they'll be the ones you turn to time and time again. 
This linen-blend sweater is lightweight and oh-so-soft. It makes for the perfect transitional sweater or an even better one to tie over your coat, as all the cool fashion insiders do nowadays. 
When you inevitably get tired of jeans, turn to these cargo pants instead. They have a more elevated take on the cool-girl style. 
Blushing pink was popular at Stella McCartney, Bottega Veneta, and Prada, where gowns were covered in bows. 
Baby pink is anything but childish this season. 3D bows at Prada might seem unserious, but fur-lined jackets and matching suits at Stella McCartney and Bottega Veneta show that the shade works in your adult wardrobe.
A turtleneck sweater is always a must-have come fall. While you're sure to have neutral black and white in your knitwear collection already, pick up this baby pink shade for a chic option. 
Even though this top is in a trending shade, you can keep it in your closet forever. It's made of a luxurious silk blend that reviewers say is worth the investment. 
Fall might be here, but now's the perfect time to don a linen blazer. The weather can change in a minute, and a lightweight blazer like this is a safe bet for looking and staying cool. 
With a slim fit and lightweight feel, this sweater will be a hero piece in your layering outfits. Wear it now on its own, then wear it under coats, jackets, and other knits once winter comes. 
These pale pink sneakers could easily work as fun neutral footwear when you want to switch things up. They have a sleek, minimalist silhouette with a breathable sweat-wicking footbed for all-day comfort. 
I could think of a thousand different ways to layer this fun cropped shirt. Personally, I would wear it with bermuda shorts and a ribbed tank. 
Tibi, Bally, and Miu Miu proved that blue can (and should!) work for the fall season ahead. 
Find your own "something blue" this season with a draped top from Topshop, a maxi dress from Banana Republic, and a sweater from J.Crew that mimics the knit look on the runway at Tibi.
This Topshop top masters the draped clothing trend in a trendy shade.
Not only is the color of this top so pretty, but its ribbed knit and higher neckline make it a more elevated option than a T-shirt. 
Cardigans are currently having a moment among the fashion set and I suspect they're only going to grow in popularity during fall. Grab this cozy find while it's still in stock and in sale. 
Any chance you can add an elevated basic to your wardrobe on sale, you should take it. This top has the fit of a tee, the look of a polo, and the feel of a sweater so you'll get plenty of wear out of it. 
The next time you don't know what to wear, throw this dress on and call it a day. It works for nearly any season or occasion with a simple change of shoes and bag. 
You can never have too many button-down shirts in your closet—they're a wardrobe staple for a reason. Grab this pick for a fresh new shade in your rotation and wear it all year long. 
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
Brooke Knappenberger is the Associate Commerce Editor at Marie Claire, where she specializes in crafting shopping stories—from sales content to buying guides that span every vertical on the site. She also oversees holiday coverage with an emphasis on gifting guides as well as Power Pick, our monthly column on the items that power the lives of MC’s editors. She also tackled shopping content as Marie Claire's Editorial Fellow prior to her role as Associate Commerce Editor. 
She has over three years of experience writing on fashion, beauty, and entertainment and her work has appeared on Looper, NickiSwift, The Sun US, and Vox Magazine of Columbia, Missouri. Brooke obtained her Bachelor's Degree in Journalism from the University of Missouri’s School of Journalism with an emphasis on Magazine Editing and has a minor in Textile and Apparel Management.

Right this way to chic and sweet fragrances.
Right this way to sophisticated sweetness.


Minimalist nails with a little something extra.


Fans are clamoring for more after that shocking cliffhanger.


24 under-$100 pieces to wear on repeat.


These are formulas you can rely on.


Comfort rules.


I'm ready for my next vacation.


17 pairs from Nordstrom, Mango, and Zara I'm shopping now.


22 affordable finds that will convert you.


Must-have shoes, tops, skirts, and more for under $100.


Get them while you can.


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.