A/W 2024 marks a refresh of H&M’s fashion spirit. Full of rich tones, intriguing details and design-focused silhouettes, this collection brings a very special season for H&M. The A/W 2024 collection will be available in selected stores worldwide and online at hm.com from 12 September 2024.
This collection is full of many special inspirations and quality materials. The leather, the knits, the sparkly separates – together the pieces showcase the strength of H&M’s fashion ability. It’s all about truly great clothes: real wardrobe icons. The campaign lets the fashion shine.
Eliana Masgalos, Womenswear Design Director, H&M
Each piece within the collection brings together various stories and inspirations: The eternal glamour and versatility of mid-century design. The deep and sophisticated hues of wood and retro interiors. The lingering beauty of California cinema sirens. The cycle of styles across decades: 20s to the 60s, 90s to now.
The A/W 2024 campaign echoes this richness and diversity: it features an array of musicians, models and cultural leaders. Crafted by photographer Sam Rock and director Albert Moya, it is a celebration of fashion, and of individuality and personal style. It is bold, clean, modern and strong. The broad cast of contemporary icons – Charli xcx, Arca, Lila Moss, Ajus Samuel, Loli Bahia, Wali Deutsch, Okay Kaya, Bibi Breslin, Alewya, Sage Elsesser, Sega Bodega, and Lux Gillespie – reflects that H&M had always championed between great fashion and self-expression.
Garments are ultra-refined. A mid-century mood is visible in the suiting, including boxy jackets and micro skirts. There are flashes of vintage-style opulence: beading and studs flow across knitwear, leather dresses and heirloom-style mesh dresses. Adding to the sumptuous feel are pieces in leather and suede: these premium materials become like a second skin. Knits include skirt suits in stretch wool, and must-have matching vests and shorts. The colour palette features an array of browns, from caramel to deep mahogany. Oxblood and green add to the archival feel, while black and white function as accent statements. Accessories include heeled pumps with a statement round toe, studded loafers and furry slip-ons. Bags are slick and directional. Jewellery ranges from minimal and angular to off-beat and earthy. Belts help complete the mood of assertive femininity, emphasizing lines.
For men, the mood of sartorial classicism, matched with opulence, continues. Tailoring in oxblood or cool steel tones can be elevated with directional pieces, such as a leather trench cut at a mid-length, or a shimmering lurex tweed workwear jacket. Items combine a spirit of utility with individuality – a message central to the H&M ethos of great fashion for everyone.
This collection is a celebration of who we are, and a moment to reaffirm that H&M is always focused on great fashion. The campaign is about liberating fashion and liberating self expression – each subject twists the clothes in their own way and their own style. The message is that difference is power.
Jörgen Andersson, Creative Director, H&M
For more information and pictures of H&M’s A/W 2024 collection, please read here.
( Press Release Image: https://photos.webwire.com/prmedia/8/326268/326268-1.jpg )
WebWireID326268
This news content was configured by WebWire editorial staff. Linking is permitted.
News Release Distribution and Press Release Distribution Services Provided by WebWire.