It’s safe to say that 2024 has been a very big year for music in Manchester. Not only are the likes of Blossoms, The Lathums, and Lottery Winners representing the city in the big leagues, but we’ve also had some impressive gigs and events here.
In the last twelve months, we’ve hosted the MTV EMAs in spectacular fashion, seen headline performances from Doja Cat and Disclosure at Parklife, and featured everyone from Pearl Jam to Charli XCX at one of the country’s biggest indoor music arenas, Co-op Live.
But the city’s relationship with the music scene will only continue in 2025 - with perhaps some of the biggest shows EVER. Of course, we’re talking about the much-anticipated Oasis reunion with gigs lined up for Heaton Park, but there’s plenty more in store too.
READ MORE: Historic ‘beer temple’ in city centre officially one of the UK's top pubs
Not only will we see Liam and Noel reunite, we’ve also got spectacular shows in store from the likes of Bruce Springsteen, Kylie Minogue and Robbie Williams, whilst Olivia Rodrigo will finally be arriving in the city after having to postpone her gigs earlier in 2024.
If you’re wondering who’s coming to Manchester in the next twelve months, wonder no more - we’ve got you covered as we round up just some of the most exciting and in-demand shows coming to Greater Manchester’s arenas, stadiums, and everything in-between in 2025, with a couple a little outside of patch included for good measure too.
January 30 at Co-op Live
Metalcore fans unite as big bands Bullet for my Valentine and Trivium will be headlining a huge show together in January.
Bullet, one of the biggest British metal bands of the 21st century, and American big leagues Trivium will take over Co-op Live in January for what is set to be a very loud and very impressive show. They'll also be taking on the likes of Cardiff, Glasgow, Birmingham and London as part of their tour, before heading to Derby for Download Festival this summer.
Tickets available on Ticketmaster and MyTicket.
February 9 at Co-op Live
Having wowed crowds at Glastonbury, music legend Cyndi Lauper is coming back to Manchester for her first show in the city in 14 years - and, sadly, it's also expected to be her last.
As part of the Girls Just Wanna Have Fun Farewell Tour, the singer is set to bow out with shows across the UK, Europe, Australia and Asia. For Manchester, she'll be playing at Co-op Live on February 9 and expect to hear the likes of Time After Time, I Drove All Night and, of course, Girls Just Wanna Have Fun.
Tickets from Ticketmaster, See Tickets and Live Nation.
March 6 and 7 at Aviva Studios
Indie faves Doves recently announced a huge UK tour - marking their first live shows in five years.
The local band will be touring next year, and it will be a special set of shows. Brothers Andy and Jez Williams will appear on tour without frontman Jimi Goodwin, who has stepped away from live performances having previously spoken publicly about his mental health struggles.
The brothers, wo have interchanged with Jimi on vocals throughout the band’s career, will take on a ‘broader role’ as vocalists for the live shows - which will follow the release of their sixth album in February.
Both shows are currently sold out. You can join the waiting lists on See Tickets for March 6 and March 7, and keep an eye on Ticketmaster for any last-minute additions.
March 12 at Manchester Academy
FLO are quickly emerging as one of the country's hottest new girl groups - having earned praised by BBC Sound of... and receiving the Brit Award for Rising Star.
Hot on the heels of earning a top three album with the release of their debut Access All Areas in November, the London-based three-piece will head out on tour this Spring - including a date at Manchester Academy on March 12. They'll also be performing in Glasgow, Birmingham and London.
Tickets available on venue site, Live Nation and Ticketmaster.
March 13 and 14 at Co-op Live
It's safe to say that 2024 was dominated by American pop star Sabrina Carpenter.
With songs like Espresso and Please, Please, Please going viral and topping the charts, the singer's Short N Sweet tour was in big demand when first announced earlier this year.
Tickets have sold out but you can join Live Nation's waitlist and also keep an eye on any last-minute releases on Ticketmaster.
April 5 and 6 at Aviva Studios
Having grown up in Bolton, Badly Drawn Boy has lovingly been claimed as one of our own.
The indie singer-songwriter, behind hits like You Were Right and Silent Sigh, is performing two nights at Aviva Studios in April. The special shows will see the artist perform his debut 2000 album, The Hour of Bewilderbeast, in full. The record went on to win the Mercury Music Prize and is still hailed today.
Tickets direct from venue, Ticketmaster, and See Tickets.
April 10 to 13 in the city centre
Already hailed to be the UK's biggest Eurovision festival, the MancHagen Eurovision Festival will take place across the city centre and feature a variety of live concerts and events starring some of the music event's biggest stars and those taking part in the 2025 competition.
With the likes of Danny Beard, James Barr, and Blu Hydrangea on hosting duties, the festival will feature already confirmed appearances from Eurovision superstars like Nicki French, Linda Martin and Keiino. Amongst highlights, there will be a a '2025 and All-Stars' party at Chaos Karts on Friday (April 11), followed by an evening showcase and Yellow Carpet event at Depot Mayfield on April 12. There will also be a EuroVillage takeover at The Gay Village from April 10 to 15.
Tickets here.
May 14, 17 and 20 at Co-op Live
The Boss himself will be coming to Manchester for three shows at Co-op Live on May 14, 17 and 20 alongside The E Street Band.
Considering the venue’s innovative ‘smart bowl’ design was inspired by conversations between Bruce and investor Harry Styles, you can bet it’s going to be a memorable show that fully takes in all of the space’s acoustics and sound system.
Limited tickets are available via Ticketmaster and Live Nation.
May 19 and 20 at AO Arena
Kylie Minogue will be bringing her Tension Tour to Manchester on May 19 and 20.
The Australian superstar will perform at AO Arena, marking her first time in the city since 2019. If her BST 2024 shows at London's Hyde Park are any indication, expect to hear the likes of Can't Get You Out of My Head and All The Lovers alongside new anthems Padam Padam and Tension.
Limited tickets are available via Ticketmaster and AXS.
May 21 at Co-op Live
Right after Kylie's two-night residency, the camp and glam will continue in the city with the anticipated return of Scissor Sisters.
Three members of the original band - Jake Shears, Babydaddy and Del Marquis - will reunite in 2025 to mark the 20th anniversary of their debut, self-titled album. Expect to hear the hits and fan-favourites, including Filthy/Gorgeous, I Don't Feel Like Dancin', and Take Your Mama. They will be joined with support from Alison Goldfrapp.
Tickets from Ticketmaster, See Tickets and Live Nation.
June 10 and 11 at Co-op Live
Music superstar Robbie Williams will front up two big shows in Manchester in June.
The singer, behind hits like Angels and Rock DJ, will come to the city for the first time in two years. The tour will also include shows in London and Bath, alongside plenty of dates across Europe.
Tickets from AXS and Ticketmaster.
June 12 and 13 at Co-op Live
From one superstar to another. Following on from Robbie, American legend Lionel Ritchie will take to the Co-op Live stage.
Behind unforgettable anthems like Hello, All Night Long and Say You Say Me, the icon will perform two nights in Manchester - which will mark his first time here since 2016.
Tickets from Ticketmaster and AXS.
June 13 at Heaton Park
Taking over Heaton Park (a day before Parklife) will be indie band Catfish and the Bottlemen.
The Welsh band, who won the Brit Award for British Breakthrough Act in 2016, have released three studio albums to date and their Manchester show is set to be a big draw for fans.
Tickets available via Live Nation, See Tickets and Ticketmaster.
June 14 and 15 at Heaton Park
Annual staple Parklife will return to Heaton Park on June 14 and 15. Whilst we’ve not yet had a full line-up unveiled, we have been given a first teaser of what to expect.
BRAT superstar Charli XCX was confirmed in November to be the first headliner for the music festival. Considering she’s performing in London on June 14, it’s safe to say she will be performing on day two of the event.
Also confirmed to be taking part are the likes of Antony Szmierek, Confidence Man, Jodie Harsh, DJ Heartstring, Gina Breeze, Simone, Girls Don't Sync and Interplanetary Criminal.
Tickets are available to buy from Ticketmaster and Skiddle.
June 28 at Liverpool Anfield
With Lana Del Rey not announcing a Manchester date, the closest locals will get to seeing her live will be to attend her show at Anfield Stadium in Liverpool.
The American singer, known for the likes of Born To Die and Summertime Sadness, will perform in the city as part of a small number of shows which also includes dates in Cardiff, Glasgow, Dublin and London.
All dates are sold out but you can join the waitlist on See Tickets and keep an eye on Ticketmaster for any last-minute releases.
June 30 and July 1 at Co-op Live
American singer Olivia Rodrigo was first due to perform in the city in May 3 and 4, 2024 in the first of her UK shows as part of her GUTS World Tour. However, the shows had to be postponed after technical issues led to a delay in the opening of Co-op Live.
She will now take to the stage at the £365m arena on June 30 and July 3, with tickets for the original dates remaining valid.
Any last-minute additions of tickets will be available via Ticketmaster.
July 11, 12, 16, 19 and 20 at Heaton Park
There's unlikely to ever be any shows that will be able to match the hysteria, excitement, anticipation and sheer nostalgia that Oasis 2025 mania will bring.
With Liam and Noel joining forces for a huge set of shows, their homecoming gigs at Heaton Park will be guaranteed to be something special. As we all know, tickets for all shows have been highly-sought after and all sold out pretty much instantly. But there's always the potential for extra tickets to be added closer to the date, right? RIGHT?
Keep an eye on Ticketmaster.
July 12 at Castlefield Bowl
If you're not able to see Oasis at Heaton Park, you could be seeing Basement Jaxx in the city centre.
The dance duo, known for hits like Romeo and Where's Your Head At, will play Castlefield Bowl as part of the annual Sounds of The City summer series of gigs - and they are known for bringing the party vibes to the stage.
Tickets available on Ticketmaster, Gigs and Tours and See Tickets.
July 19, 20, 22 and 23 at Co-op Live
July 19 and 20 will be particularly busy days for the city, with the Oasis gigs continuing and Billie Eilish starting the first two of four nights in Manchester.
The global superstar, who has released three studio albums to date including 2024's Hit Me Hard and Soft, will come to Co-op Live for what is also set to be a series of unforgettable shows. Again, like Oasis, tickets sold out almost instantly.
Keep an eye on Ticketmaster and Live Nation.
August 22 to 25 in the city centre
Manchester's annual Pride event will be returning to the city over the August Bank Holiday for a celebration of the LGBTQ+ community.
Alongside the popular parade through the city, there will also be a range of events, live shows and exhibits taking place across Greater Manchester to coincide with the festival. There will also be the return of the ticketed Gay Village Party, which will be a chance to see a range of performers on the main stage.
Whilst no acts have been announced yet, the 2024 festival featured the likes of Jessie J, Sugababes and Rita Ora. Early bird tickets for Manchester Pride 2025 have already sold out, but you can join the wait list to find out when the next batch of tickets are issued here.
August 30 in the city centre
If psychedelic rock is your thing, then chances are that you'll have already heard of Psych Fest.
For those out-of-the-loop, the multi-venue music and arts festival returns in August and features a line-up including the likes of GOAT, Deadletter, Honeyglaze, Crocodiles, Pins Playing Wild Nights and Hit Sebastian. The festival will be taking place at venues like Manchester Academy, Albert Hall, o2 Ritz, Projekts Skate Park, Gorilla, YES, Deaf Institute and The Bread Shed.
Tickets via See Tickets here.
October 8 at AO Arena
Next year, Katy Perry will be headlining her first UK tour in seven years and, of course, she's including Manchester.
The global superstar - known for hits like Roar, Firework, and Teenage Dream - will come to the AO Arena in October as part of a run of shows that will also include dates in Glasgow, Sheffield, Birmingham and London.
Tickets available on Ticketmaster, AXS and See Tickets.
October 17 and 18 at AO Arena
Were you team Busted or team McFly back in the day? Well, if you were either, you'll appreciate the fact that both bands are coming together for the ultimate battle of the bands.
The two 00s bands will head to Manchester for two nights, alongside other shows in Cardiff, Sheffield, Aberdeen, Glasgow, Belfast, Birmingham, London, Leeds and Newcastle.
Tickets available on Ticketmaster and AXS.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.