By JACQUELINE LINDENBERG FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  08:20, 23 August 2024   |  Updated:  09:05, 23 August 2024   
 61
View  comments
Christine Quinn appeared to shade her estranged husband, Christian Dumontet, while flaunting her figure in a skimpy swimsuit in a new Instagram video on Thursday. 
The TV personality, 35 - who was recently seen moving out of her marital home amid her ugly divorce battle - soaked up the sun on a boat as she continues to move on from her nasty split. 
In text added over the reel, the star penned, 'Remember ladies, while you're healing he's balding.' 
Earlier this year in March, Christian was arrested at their L.A. house for assault with a deadly weapon. Quinn was soon granted a temporary restraining order and he filed for divorce in early April shortly after the incident. 
The media personality - who shares son Christian Jr., three, with her ex - showed off toned physique in a pink bikini top that contained thin fabric that wrapped down her waist. 
Christine Quinn, 35, appeared to shade her estranged husband, Christian Dumontet, while flaunting her figure in a skimpy swimsuit in a new Instagram video on Thursday
She additionally wore a pair of matching bottoms and allowed her platinum blonde locks to effortlessly flow down past her shoulders. 
The beauty - who tied the knot with her ex in 2019 - lounged on the back of a boat that floated on the water as she enjoyed a relaxing getaway. 
In the caption of the post, Christine simply added green heart emojis as well as an apple, followed by the hashtags, '#brat #bratsummer #bratslay #summervibes #hotgirlsummer.' 
Throughout the reel, the upbeat track titled 360 by Charli XCX, played in the background and Quinn later jumped to the comment section to add, 'Correction "Still Balding."'
Other social media users also shared their thoughts on the star's latest post and her subtle shade towards her ex. 
One fan typed out, 'His hairline isn't very demure and he needs to be mindful of that..,' while another added, 'Very demure, very classy teach us Christine ❤️.'
The demure trend began last month in July after a TikTok user, Jools Lebron, used the term while doing her makeup. 
Real Housewives Of Miami star, Lisa Hochstein, added an assortment of applauding hand emojis.  
Earlier this year in March, Christian was arrested at their L.A. house for assault with a deadly weapon. Quinn was soon granted a temporary restraining order and the pair filed for divorce in early April shortly after the incident; seen in 2021 in L.A. 
The media personality - who shares son Christian Jr., three, with her ex - showed off toned physique in a pink bikini top that contained thin fabric that wrapped down her waist
Amid the former couple's divorce battle, her estranged husband recently filed a request earlier this week on Tuesday to drop the temporary restraining order against him. 
He asked the court, in documents obtained by Page Six on Wednesday, to drop the order which also allows Christine access alone to their marital Hollywood Hills mansion. 
The reason for his request was due to getting, 'a utility bill in excess of $10,000.' 
He further claimed that he is also receiving, 'daily criminal fines from the Los Angeles Vector Control since July 18, 2024, for the abandonment and lack of upkeep to the property.'   
Quinn's ex also stated in the filing that he has gotten 'thousands of dollars' in fines, but cannot solve the issues due to not being permitted to visit the Los Angeles home. 
He claimed his legal team has tried to contact Quinn and her representation, but has yet to hear back. 
'Mr. Dumontet owns the property alone, as separate property, there is no marital interest in the property, and no funds were co-mingled during the duration of the marriage to have converted the property to community property.'
'It is clear that Ms. Quinn is not maintaining the property as the marital home, nor the familial home for the child. Ms. Quinn does not reside at the property nor has she maintained it since at least July of this year,' the documents state. 
Amid the former couple's divorce battle, her estranged husband recently filed a request earlier this week on Tuesday to drop the temporary restraining order against him; seen in 2023 in West Hollywood 
On top of the $10,000 utility bill, Christian is also requesting that Quinn repay him '$29,000 in rental value per month for the home' as well as the cost of the luxurious Hermes bags he bought during their marriage. 
His attorney, Alexandra Kazarian, expressed in an email included in the filing, per Page Six, 'Mr. Dumontet also seeks CP reimbursement for the various Hermes bags that were purchased with his separate property "as investment items" at the behest of your client.'
The real estate agent's own legal team has denied the $10,000 water bill claims. 
Quinn's attorney stated, 'There is no water damage or emergency at the house. We believe this is just an unpaid LADWP bill that hasn't been paid for months.'
'There have been ongoing problems with water leaks since September 2023, when a pipe burst flooded the basement.' 
In March, Christian was spotted outside of their house in handcuffs as he was arrested for allegedly throwing a 'bag of glass' which hit their son. 
However, the retired tech entrepreneur was notably arrested a second time when he returned to the L.A. home and violated the restraining order. 
He has denied hitting their son and claimed an argument began over their dogs urinating on some of his personal belongings, TMZ reported at the time. 
On top of the $10,000 utility bill, Christian is also requesting that Quinn repay him '$29,000 in rental value per month for the home' as well as the cost of the luxurious Hermes bags he bought during their marriage
In March, Christian was spotted outside of their house in handcuffs as he was arrested for allegedly throwing a 'bag of glass' and accidently hitting their son; seen with son in 2021 in Santa Monica 
Christian claimed that he had picked up a bag of trash and tossed it against a wall, but his wife and son were never hit. 
In April, the Selling Sunset alum was granted a temporary restraining order against Christian, and just days later, he filed for divorce while also requesting for sole custody of their son. 
The next month, he was formally charged with misdemeanor child abuse, assault and violating a protective order. 
In June, Quinn was seen moving her things out of their marital home, including Louis Vuitton and Hermes bags and boxes. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group