We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
PSA to all Swifites!
Cast your minds waaay back to the beginning of this year. We were still optimistic for a summer heatwave (or two), Charli XCX’s Brat girl mood wasn’t a thing and Taylor Swift’s Eras Tour had yet to make its way to the UK. Of course, her imminent arrival obvs meant we were sorting out our eras-inspired looks and spending our evenings making beaded friendship bracelets. Plus, thanks to Taylor-Tok doing its thing, we were also constantly refreshing the Pandora website for the perfect finishing touch.
Yep, you know what we’re talking about. The Celestial Sparkling Sun and Blue Sparkling Moon Ring Duo that quickly went viral after Taylor Swift fans spotted the connection between the rings’ design – a sunburst nestled into a half moon – and Taylor’s ‘Midnight Rain’ lyrics, “he was sunshine, I was midnight rain.” The sun ring referencing sunshine (duh) and the moon representing midnight. You get it. 
As well as selling out multiple times, searches for the term ‘sun and moon rings’ increased by 18,200% on the Pandora UK website. Truly, no ring has caused such furore since Frodo attempted to destroy the One Ring and defeat Sauron in The Lord of the Rings. (Come on, we know we’re not the only ones watching The Rings of Power.) 
Well, if you missed out on bagging yourself the ring duo, Pandora has come through with an updated version, releasing a charm edition of the previous sun and moon ring duo. 
The charms can be worn together on a chain for a cute charm necklace moment. Or, for a throwback to ‘90s and Y2K best friend join-together heart necklaces, you and your Swiftie bestie could split the design and take a half each. Did someone say perfect Christmas present? And, in a final adorable touch, the back of the charms are engraved with the words “my sun” and “my moon” respectively. 
The Eras Tour may be over for UK fans, but our love for Taylor will never end. So, if the sell-out success of the ring duo is anything to go by, you best be quick if you want to get your hands on the charm duo!
Shop Pandora’s Taylor Swift charm
Follow Alex on Instagram.
Alexandria Dale is the Digital Fashion Writer at Cosmopolitan UK. Covering everything from the celebrity style moments worth knowing about to the latest fashion news, there’s nothing she loves more than finding a high street dupe of a must-have designer item. As well as discovering new brands, she’s passionate about sustainable fashion and establishing the trends that are actually worth investing in. Having worked in fashion journalism for six years, she has experience at both digital and print publications including Glamour and Ok! 
These 7 'ugly shoes' are trending RN, here's why
These beauty launches need your attention, now
Here's your final chance to shop REN Skincare
 & Other Stories unveils 2025 collab with Roksanda
This £12 perfume smells exactly like Santal 33
This £4 accessory is the hair trend of the summer 
The best Ordinary products based on your skin type
The best spring shoes for each zodiac sign
Dune's best-selling woven shoulder bag is back!
Simply six of the best natural deodorants
17 of the best small (but mighty) vibrators
The best maternity swimwear to shop now
Cosmopolitan, Part of the Hearst UK Fashion & Beauty Network
Cosmopolitan participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England 112955. All Rights Reserved.