Radio X



                
                
                    Nels Hylton
                
                
            
2am - 6am


Buck Rogers

                        

    
    Feeder
    

                    

Download 'Buck Rogers' on iTunes



Artists


                        
                            Foo Fighters
                            



31 July 2024, 12:03

        
            By Jenny Mensah
        
    
The Foo Fighters frontman was captured taking part in the viral dance on his daughter Harper's TikTok account. 
Dave Grohl is the latest celebrity to join the viral Apple TikTok dance trend.
A host of stars from across the spectrum of entertainment have had a go at the dance to the Charlie XCX song, after TikToker Kelley Heyer created choreography to the track, which features on the star's Brat album.
Now, the Foo Fighters rocker has got in on the action, appearing in a video with his daughter Harper. 
Watch them in action below:
Grohl's contribution sees him join the likes of Stephen Colbert, Joe Jonas, Glen Powell, Daisy Edgar-Jones and even Charli XCX herself to take part in the trend.
Foo Fighters' My Hero at London Stadium - June 2024
Grohl may be on trend when it comes to the British artist and her Brat campaign, but one pop star who he wasn't quite in alignment with was Taylor Swift and her fans.
The Foos frontman ruffled some feathers when he made a joke during their mammoth set at London Stadium, which made a nod to their respective The Eras and Everything Or Nothing At All tours both taking place in the capital at the same time. 
Talking to the crowd, he joked: "You don't want to suffer the wrath of Taylor Swift, so we like to call our tour The Errors Tour, because I feel like we've had more than a few eras and more than a few f***ing errors as well."
He added: "Just a couple. That's because we actually play live."
Taylor Swift appeared to subtly respond to the claims, by thanking the crowd after a standing ovation and making it clear that her band do play live. 
Addressing the crowd, she said: "What you just did was an unforgettable moment in my life, but I really want my band members, every single one of our crew, my band who's gonna be playing live for you for 3.5 hours tonight, they deserve this so much..."
🏟️| Taylor shouts out her incredible band, crew, and fellow performers after the standing ovation 🫶"Every one of my band members, every single one of our crew, my band who's gonna be playing live for you for 3.5 hours tonight, they deserve this so much. And so does every one… pic.twitter.com/7E9CKcIAa4
The moment wasn't lost on fans in the comments, with one fan writing: "@foofighters this one is aimed directly at you."
Another said: "i love that she is like "you can talk shit about me not singing live, but do not f***ing discredit the hard work of the people who do this show with me".
Another said: "@foofighters you don’t get to insult her, the band or the dancers.  They work their butts off to deliver a live show every night".
@foofighters you don’t get to insult her, the band or the dancers.  They work their butts off to deliver a live show every night
See more More on Foo Fighters