The Chicks took the stage at the final night of the Democratic National Convention to sing the National Anthem, joining other country artists who performed at the Chicago event, including Jason Isbell and Mickey Guyton on Monday.

	Natalie Maines, Martie Maguire, and Emily Strayer delivered the “The Star-Spangled Banner” against the backdrop of the American flag on Thursday. Their performance opened the big night ahead of speeches from Vice President Kamala Harris, Michigan Governor Gretchen Whitmer, North Carolina Governor Roy Cooper, Arizona Senator Mark Kelly, and former Arizona Congresswoman Gabby Giffords.
The Chicks perform the National Anthem at the DNC pic.twitter.com/bYpqL22D52

	The Chicks’ performance is particularly noteworthy given the band’s own political history. Then known as The Dixie Chicks, the group garnered significant backlash from the country music world in 2003 at the height of their fame after expressing disapproval with then-president George W. Bush over the impending invasion in Iraq. “We do not want this war, this violence, and we’re ashamed that the President of the United States is from Texas,” Maines said.  

	










	The response was swift, with country stations taking the band’s songs off the radio, and the band’s tour sponsor Lipton pulling its support for the group. The Chicks virtually performed the “Star Spangled Banner” at the 2020 DNC during the height of the pandemic.





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	









	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	








	Also slated to appear Thursday night is Pink, who was seen earlier Thursday at a soundcheck with her daughter. Thursday will close out an exciting set of DNC performers that also included Stevie Wonder, Maren Morris, Patti Labelle, Common, and a raucous roll call featuring Lil Jon.

	Harris has garnered support from a slew of members in Hollywood and the music industry including Cardi B, Barbara Streisand, and Charli XCX, whose declaration that the candidate is “brat” kickstarted a meme campaign.
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.