Charli XCX confirmed she was tapped to write songs for Britney Spears’ potential 10th studio album.
The “Official” songstress candidly shared that she worked with the Princess of Pop’s team on the project during an appearance on “Watch What Happens Live with Andy Cohen” Monday.
After the news “leaked to the press,” however, things changed. 
Charli, 31, explained it was then that she learned Spears, 42, may not have been aware of the process, as the “Toxic” songstress took to social media to debunk claims she would be returning to music in January.
“Britney then did this post where she was like, ‘I don’t have random people write for me.’ I was like, ‘OK, go off!’ So I don’t know that she was part of the process,” the songwriter continued.
“Her team was running before they could walk,” she added. “Britney probably has a load of other projects that she’s focusing on. So I did get asked, but I don’t know if it’s, like, real.”
Andy Cohen questioned whether Charli had written any tracks in hopes that Spears would record them.
“Of course,” the English hitmaker said. “I went to Malibu, and I wrote. You always write songs hoping Britney’s going to record them … but, you know, she didn’t record it.”
However, she is still holding on to hope that Spears will change her mind, saying, “It would be a dream come true.”
Reps for Spears weren’t immediately available for comment.
In January, sources told Page Six exclusively that Charli and Julia Michaels were among the songwriters asked to work on the “Circus” singer’s possible new album. 
At the time, the project was in the beginning stages and Spears hadn’t recorded any of the tracks.
The Grammy winner’s last album, “Glory,” was released in 2016, but she’s since worked on smaller projects, including her “Hold Me Closer” collaboration with Elton John in 2021 and her “Mind Your Business” track with Will.i.am in 2023.
Despite Spears’ team seemingly pushing her to get back into the recording studio, the pop star is reluctant, as she vowed to never release another album in January. 
“Just so we’re clear most of the news is trash !!! They keep saying I’m turning to random people to do a new album … I will never return to the music industry !!!” the “Gimme More” singer wrote on Instagram at the time.
In September 2022, she also claimed she’d “probably never perform again” due to being “traumatized” onstage during her 13-year conservatorship. 
While under the control of her father, Jamie Spears, the music icon was forced to perform during her “Piece of Me” tour in New Jersey in 2018 despite having a 102-degree fever.
Ahead of her conservatorship coming to an end in November 2021, Britney testified that performing with the fever was “one of the scariest moments of her life.”
She later elaborated on the patriarch’s abuses in her bestselling memoir, “The Woman in Me,” alleging he also forced her to be on a “strict diet” of chicken and vegetables. 
Advertisement