Julia Fox sure knows how to get a crowd going.
The fashion icon recently shared a video of herself performing while wearing a super skimpy fishnet ensemble in front of a huge audience. Fox shared a video of herself smiling and speaking into a microphone as fans cheered her on from below.
The Uncut Gems actress wore black nipple pasties and a black top covered in large holes that showed a lot of skin. She paired the top with black trousers and wore a full face of makeup for the event.
READ MORE: Click for more brilliant Daily Star showbiz stories
READ MORE: Netflix series 'so good' fans can't stop bingeing in a day as they beg for more
Julia mixed up her usual look with an icy grey hair colour, which was parted in the middle and straightened into layers worn over her shoulders. The video was shared on Boiler Room’s account to promote Charli XCX’s performance.
Fox followed the clip with another sultry video - this time, the star wore an all leather ensemble including a long black trench coat tied at the back with corset detailing. She switched her hair for a voluminous white blonde look with curls that tumbled down her back.
Julia was once again back on the microphone as she hyped up the crowd before turning around and bending over to twerk as they cheered. She smiled down at the audience who reached their arms up in the air.
Fox is known for her wacky sense of style and one of her most recent looks left fans in complete awe. The star covered her face in white makeup with thick black eyeliner and black lipstick for a full death metal makeover.
She was seen walking the streets of New York City with a Saint Bernard dog wearing a spiked collar. Fox paired the look with a huge black blazer with thick shoulder pads adorned with chains, clips and metal embellishments.
Julia switched up the vibe for her bottom half and added a miniskirt with knee-high stockings and thick black shoes with massive soles. She added a close up of her makeup to Instagram and fans flocked to shower her in compliments.
The star was branded a “queen” by her fans who praised the unconventional outfit.
The Daily Star is now on WhatsApp and we want you to join us!
Through the app, we'll send you the sassiest showbiz stories, some naught headline and a seismic smattering of aliens...along with the latest breaking news of course.
To join our community, all you have to do to join is click on this link, select 'Join Chat' and you're in!
No one will be able to see who has sign up and no one can send messages except for the Daily Star team. We also treat our community members to competitions, special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners.
If you don’t like our community, you can check out any time you like. To leave our community click on the name at the top of your screen and choose Exit group. If you’re curious, you can read our Privacy Notice.
CLICK HERE TO JOIN
Have you joined Threads? Follow Daily Star to keep up to date on all things showbiz here
Want all the biggest Showbiz and TV news straight to your inbox? Sign up for our free Daily Star Showbiz newsletter
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.