Published Oct 19, 2024
Share
Published Oct 19, 2024
Share
 Make your contribution now and help Gothamist thrive in 2025.  Donate today 
Gothamist is funded by sponsors and member donations
Who let the dogs out?
This year’s Tompkins Square Halloween Dog Parade featured no prizes, no judges and no competition, but the costumed dogs and their owners came out anyway.
Dogs dressed as the New York Liberty, Moo Deng and Charli XCX paraded down the streets of the East Village.
The event is typically held in Tompkins Square Park, but was moved to Avenue A this year because of construction.
Attendees were treated to sunny weather for the parade, which lasted about an hour-and-a-half.
Hells Kitchen resident Summer Sparkles was there with her pup, April Moon. She's attended the parade for years, and said that "dressing up, seeing how excited the community gets, helping the small businesses in the area" are what keep her coming back.
East Village resident Jennifer Rodstrom and her dog Bagel, who was dressed as viral hippo Moo Deng, were also on scene for the parade. Rodstrom said this was just her second time taking part in the parade, but added that she's been a longtime spectator.
"We love the community," she said. "We go to Tompkins Square Park every weekend and it's such a special community of dog lovers and this is like the biggest day of the year for that community."
The Tompkins Square Park event kicks off a season of costumed dog events in the city, like Fort Greene Park’s “Great PUPkin” parade and Washington Square Park’s parade, both on Saturday, Oct. 26. 
April Moon of Hell's Kitchen as Danny from "Grease."
Go Liberty!
Ripley of the East Village as Austin Powers.
Bagel of the East Village as Moo Deng.
Indiana of the Upper West Side as ET.
Ozzie of East Harlem as the 125th Street and Lexington Avenue subway entrance.
Da Vinci of Kips Bay as Run-DMC.
Don Julio of East Harlem as an I Love NY mug.
Peggy of the Upper West Side as Bender from "Futurama."
Additional reporting by Ryan Kailath.
Tagged
Photojournalist, food writer, preschool receptionist. Love NYC.
Gothamist is funded by sponsors and member donations
Gothamist is funded by sponsors and member donations
 MORE arts-entertainment
My Owls Head tour was part of “Water Works,” a yearlong series of tours, lectures and other public programs put on by OHNY in collaboration with the NYC Department of Environmental Protection.
Published Apr 19, 2025 at 10:00 a.m. ET
From burgers to peekytoe crab dumplings, we’ve got you covered.
From burgers to peekytoe crab dumplings, we’ve got you covered.
 Catch up on the most important headlines with a roundup of essential NYC stories, delivered to your inbox daily. 
Gothamist is a website about New York City news, arts, events and food, brought to you by New York Public Radio.