Cline, who partnered up with Bombay Sapphire, tells PEOPLE about her "vibe this summer"
Presley Ann/WireImage
 Good vibes and good food is the theme of Madelyn Cline's summer.

 The Outer Banks star, 26, wrapped up shooting season 4 of the beloved Netflix show in June and almost immediately traveled to Spain to dive into her next project, The Map That Leads to You, costarring Riverdale's KJ Apa.

 Though her summer is booked and busy, Cline, who recently teamed up with Bombay Sapphire, is focusing on all the exciting — and delicious — opportunities the country has to offer. But most importantly, she’s prioritizing herself (and listening to Charli Xcx’s Brat like the rest of us).

 “We are [having a] hot girl, Brat summer,” she tells PEOPLE, Zooming into a call after a work day in Barcelona, where The Map That Leads to You shoots. “We're saying yes to all the new experiences and manifesting and taking advantage of absolutely everything that comes our way. That's the vibe this summer."

 (PEOPLE confirmed in July that Cline broke up with comedian Pete Davidson after 10 months of dating.)

Presley Ann/WireImage
 Cline says she's been munching on plenty of paella and Iberian ham and cheese while in Spain. She’s also started to get acquainted with her kitchen, learning to chef up recipes like a ham and honeydew appetizer and a good soup.

 "I'm getting better at cooking, which I'm very proud of myself for. For a while there, it was pretty bleak," she laughs.

 "I'm also a fan of gazpacho. I think it's very refreshing. So very easy, simple, delicious, refreshing, yummy flavors. I'm a big fan of all that. Anything simple I can do. Nothing too complicated or else I get distracted or I give up, or I find something more interesting to do."

 Every good meal needs a good drink. Cline's go-to is a spritz cocktail — specifically gin (like Bombay Sapphire, of course) topped with sparkling lemonade. The brand calls it the Sparkling Lemon.

Presley Ann/WireImage
 Never miss a story — sign up for PEOPLE's free daily newsletter to stay up-to-date on the best of what PEOPLE has to offer​​, from celebrity news to compelling human interest stories. 

 “It being so hot, I really love the good spritzy, slightly carbonated, on the rocks, refreshing type drink,” she says. “I'm not really a sweet drink person. I really like a little sour, tart, anything that has a little bit of a kick to it.”

 Cline is not sweating the small stuff. Her goal of the summer is to take "advantage of everything and stay in an abundant and receiving-type mindset,” she says. “And gratitude. Lots of gratitude.”

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)