Comedian John Mulaney, a former "Saturday Night Live" writer, hosted an election-themed episode of "SNL" on Saturday, Nov. 2, 2024. (NBC video still)NBC
“Saturday Night Live” made two Central New York references in its latest episode, hosted by former “SNL” writer John Mulaney.
In a skit called “What’s That Name: Election Edition,” cast member Michael Longfellow plays a game show host who asks contestants to identify political figures. Mulaney buzzes in, smugly naming Second Gentleman Doug Emhoff and special counsel Jack Smith when shown pictures of them.
“He is a hero who doesn’t wear a cape: Jack Smith,” Mulaney says of Smith, a CNY native.
Smith, who has brought two federal cases against former President Donald Trump, grew up in the Syracuse suburb of Clay and graduated from Liverpool High School in 1987. He played football and baseball for Liverpool before going on to SUNY Oneonta and eventually getting his law degree from Harvard Law School.
The bit took a funny turn when Mulaney struggles to recognize 2016 vice presidential candidate Tim Kaine when he makes an in-person appearance, and another when his opponent (played by “SNL” cast member Sarah Sherman) reveals she’s the author of “A Handmaid’s Tale.”
Later in the episode, a fake campaign video for a NYC city council candidate starred Mulaney as NYS Assemblyman Harvey Epstein, a real lawmaker from District 74. The character struggled to tell voters that he’s not related to sexual predators Harvey Weinstein or Jeffrey Epstein while shouting out the Mohawk Valley.
“I’m a different guy,” Mulaney insisted as Harvey Epstein. “But look, I love this city and its working people. When the Mohawk Valley miners went on strike, Epstein had their back. Because Epstein looks out for miners.”
The sketch then showed the comedian’s bald character posing next to miners in a fake newspaper clipping. He didn’t elaborate on where the mine was — Mohawk Valley Mineral Mining is famously known for its Herkimer Diamonds, though the image didn’t appear to be from there — but he did make sure to clarify that he wasn’t talking about minors, as in children.
“M-I-N-E-R-S,” Mulaney’s Epstein said. “That is an important distinction. Please.”
The election-themed episode also featured an appearance by Vice President Kamala Harris in the cold open, opposite Maya Rudolph as the Democratic presidential nominee and James Austin Johnson as Republican presidential nominee former President Donald Trump. Other highlights included a musical skit set in a Port Authority Duane Reade with surprise guest Pete Davidson (and Andy Samberg as the bear killed by Robert F. Kennedy Jr.); a retrospective on a fake ‘90s sitcom with Kenan Thompson as singer Little Richard; and musical guest Chappell Roan.
“Saturday Night Live” airs Saturdays at 11:30 p.m. ET on NBC; episodes are also available to stream on Peacock and Hulu + Live TV. Comedian Bill Burr is next set to host “SNL” on Saturday, Nov. 9, with musical guest Mk.gee, followed by Charli XCX as host and musical guest on Nov. 16.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices