By JACQUELINE LINDENBERG and SARAH SOTOODEH FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  23:43, 20 January 2024   |  Updated:  00:12, 21 January 2024   
 75
View  comments
Britney Spears got candid about her weight while opening up about being a 'passionate eater' in a new Instagram post uploaded on Friday. 
The Baby One More Time songstress, 42 - who recently shared an upbeat dancing video in a red sequin ensemble - uploaded an image of a tasty dessert from Glace by Noglu, an ice cream shop located in the heart of NYC. 
In the caption, the performer penned to her 42.6 million fans, 'Food is my weakness I will admit it!!!' 
'When I was younger and would go to restaurants with my mom, she would either say "sit still" or "you are eating way too fast … please slow down"!!!' she recalled, and then added, 'I'm a passionate eater.' 
'I do remember at lunch though everybody's meal was still there when mine was gone in 2 seconds!!!' 
Britney Spears, 42, got candid about her weight while opening up about being a 'passionate eater' in a new Instagram post uploaded on Friday
In the caption, the performer penned to her 42.6 million fans, 'Food is my weakness I will admit it!!!'
Spears then explained, 'But it's weird my weight stays pretty much the same !!! I'm usually 135 on the scale ... that's my normal weight !!! Well that's good for me !!!' 
The star then revealed her goal weight by typing, 'I want to be 125 - 128 but I'm probably gonna do 140 now that this damn BLAZE coffee place has opened !!! D*** !!!' 
Britney gushed about the image of the yummy treat and further revealed that she still enjoys a dessert from Wendy's. 
'I still eat the same secret hot fudge Sunday from Wendy's !!! The one that has the deep bottom brownie. Yep they still have it !!! Around dinner I will go eat one for dinner !!!' 
Towards the end of the caption, the Toxic hitmaker referenced to her ex, Sam Asghari. Last year in August, the actor notably filed for divorce from the singer after only 14 months of marriage. 
'My ex husband was a trainer so he knew a lot of different ways and easy tricks to stay healthy !!! With food I think it's weird though !!! Timing is important I think !!!' she wrote to her fans. 
'Sometimes when I see food commercials I'm like GROOSSSSS. But then sometimes I stop and drool !!!' 
In conclusion, Britney added, 'I suggest whoever you're with or thinking of being with … make sure you look at them just the way you're looking at that blaze coffee. Psss CAN I HAVE MORE PLEASE !!!' 
'When I was younger and would go to restaurants with my mom, she would either say "sit still" or "you are eating way too fast … please slow down"!!!' she recalled, and then added, 'I'm a passionate eater'
Spears then explained, 'But it's weird my weight stays pretty much the same !!! I'm usually 135 on the scale ... that's my normal weight !!! Well that's good for me !!!'
Britney then revealed her goal weight by typing, 'I want to be 125 - 128 but I'm probably gonna do 140 now that this damn BLAZE coffee place has opened !!! D***!!!'
Britney has previously opened up about her weight in the past, and claimed in her memoir titled, The Woman In Me, that her father Jamie Spears had weight-shamed her. 
In an excerpt from the book, per The Sun, the star also claimed that her father - who oversaw her conservatorship from 2008 to 2021 - was a heavy drinker. 
She wrote, 'If I thought getting criticized about my body in the press was bad, it hurt even more from my own father.'
'He repeatedly told me I looked fat and that I was going to have to do something about it.' 
Spears also penned, 'Dad drank until he couldn't think. He disappeared from home for several days at a time. And when he was drunk, he got really mean.' 
And last year in October 2023, the performer took to her main Instagram page to reveal that a personal trainer had also body-shamed her, per Women's Health.  
'I took the time 2 months ago to find a trainer,' Britney had penned in a post at the time. 'The first thing she did to me was literally - and I'm not even lying - pinch the skin on my stomach and legs and told me I need to get my younger body back.' 
She explained to her followers that the trainer's words had 'made me cry' and then revealed, 'I obviously didn't hire her so I did it myself!'
'My ex husband was a trainer so he knew a lot of different ways and easy tricks to stay healthy !!! With food I think it's weird though !!! Timing is important I think !!!' she wrote to her fans; Asghari seen in October 2023 in L.A. 
Britney has previously opened up about her weight in the past, and claimed in her memoir titled, The Woman In Me, that her father Jamie Spears had weight-shamed her 
The Circus hitmaker also recently took to Instagram as she showed off a stylish ensemble that consisted of a white minidress with a black trim around the neckline and ruffled details on the sleeves
'I work out for 45 min, 3x a week, that's it!!! I hate working out for too long. I'm sharing this because I have worked hard to get in shape,' Britney expressed of her own fitness regime. 
'God knows my body ain't perfect but I did want to share what my body looks like at the moment...I worked my a** off...'
The Circus hitmaker also recently took to Instagram as she showed off a stylish ensemble that consisted of a white minidress with a black trim around the neckline and ruffled details on the sleeves. 
Her locks were parted to the side, and effortlessly fell down straight past her shoulders. 
For a finishing touch to the look that she flaunted for the camera while standing inside a spacious foyer, she also slipped into a pair of closed-toed, nude heels. 
Aside from her recent success with her memoir, The Woman In Me, Spears denied reports earlier this month that she is working on her tenth album, and claims that she had enlisted Julia Michaels and Charli XCX to help out as songwriters. 
On Instagram, she claimed that she will 'NEVER return to the music industry' by penning, 'Just so we're clear most of the news is trash!' 
'They keep saying I'm turning to random people to do a new album… I will never return to the music industry!'
It seemed that Spears was referencing two reports from The US Sun and Page Six that claimed the Toxic singer had begun work on a new record, which would have been her first album in eight years.
Aside from her recent success with her memoir, The Woman In Me, Spears denied reports earlier this month that she is working on her tenth album, and claims that she had enlisted Julia Michaels and Charli XCX to help out as songwriters
On Instagram, she claimed that she will 'NEVER return to the music industry' by penning, 'Just so we're clear most of the news is trash!'
Far from releasing music, Spears then claimed in her post that she now prefers life behind the spotlight, working as a ghostwriter for other pop stars. 
'When I write, I write for fun or I write for other people !!! For those of you who have read my book, there's loads that you don’t know about me … I've written over 20 songs for other people the past two years !!!' she explained.
'I'm a ghostwriter and I honestly enjoy it that way !!! People are also saying MY BOOK WAS RELEASED WITHOUT MY APPROVAL ILLEGALLY and that’s far from the truth … have you read the news these days ??? I’m so LOVED and blessed !!!'
Among tracks that Spears has written for other artists include Whiplash by Selena Gomez and Follow Me by her sister Jamie Lynn Spears. Her last studio album called Glory was released in 2016.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group