Raye, Coldplay, Chase & Status and Vampire Weekend headline

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Forget blue skies and sunshine, the BBC Radio 1 Big Weekend is the true mark of the British summer. The first major festival of the year brings some of the biggest names in music, including headliners Raye, Coldplay, Chase & Status and Vampire Weekend, to Stockwood Park in Luton for three days of pure carnage. Here's where to watch Radio 1 Big Weekend online for free – from anywhere.
After spending years crafting and grafting in the shadows of her contemporaries, Raye is finally getting her flowers. The South London singer-songwriter took home a record six Brit Awards in March for her debut studio album, My 21st Century Blues.
While Coldplay, Chase & Status and Vampire Weekend also have big slots on the Main stage, it's Raye, The Last Dinner Party, Sabrina Carpenter and, of course, Charlie XCX that are generating the most buzz.
Follow our guide to watch a Radio 1 Big Weekend live stream from all over the world – including free options. We've also listed the full Radio 1 Big Weekend lineup for all four stages further down the page
Fans in the UK can live stream Radio 1 Big Weekend for FREE on BBC iPlayer, with a valid TV licence. The platform service works across a huge array of devices, including laptops, tablets, smartphones, media streaming devices like Apple TV, Amazon Fire, Chromecast and Roku, and PlayStation and Xbox consoles.
A dedicated Big Weekend Channel will run from Friday to Sunday, showing the biggest acts from the the Main stage and the New Music stage.
Two of the biggest Radio 1 Big Weekend slots will also be televised on BBC One. Live coverage of Raye begins at 11.10pm BST on Saturday night, and Coldplay will be on TV from 10.30pm on Sunday.
Outside the UK? If you want to watch Radio 1 Big Weekend on BBC iPlayer whilst traveling abroad you'll need to download NordVPN, as detailed below.
If you're keen to watch Radio 1 Big Weekend but you're away from home and access to the show is geo-blocked, then you could always use a VPN to access it (assuming you're not breaching any broadcaster T&Cs, of course). You may be surprised by how simple it is to do.
Use a VPN to watch Radio 1 Big Weekend from anywhere:
NordVPN – get the world's best VPN
We regularly review all the biggest and best VPN providers and NordVPN is our #1 choice. It unblocked every streaming service in testing and it's very straightforward to use. Speed, security and 24/7 support available if you need – it's got it all.

The best value plan is the two-year deal which sets the price at $3.99 per month, and includes an extra 3 months absolutely FREE. There's also an all-important and there's a 30-day no-quibble refund if you decide it's not for you.
- So, try NordVPN 100% risk-free for 30 days
Using a VPN is as easy as one-two-three...
1. Download and install a VPN – as we say, our top choice is NordVPN
2. Connect to the appropriate server location – open the VPN app, hit 'choose location' and select the appropriate geographical location
3. Go to the broadcaster's live stream – so, in this case, just head to BBC iPlayer
Radio 1 Big Weekend is only televised in the UK, with countries like the US, Canada, and Australia missing out entirely.
Brits currently away from home can use a VPN to watch Radio 1 Big Weekend on BBC iPlayer from abroad.
(All times BST)
FRIDAY, MAY 24
Main stage
New Music stage
Dance stage
Introducing stage
SATURDAY, MAY 25
Main stage
New Music stage
Dance stage
Introducing stage
SUNDAY, MAY 25
Main stage
New Music stage
Dance stage
Introducing stage
Aatif is a freelance copywriter and journalist based in the UK. He’s written about technology, science and politics for publications including Gizmodo, The Independent, Trusted Reviews and Newsweek, but focuses on streaming at Future, an arrangement that combines two of his greatest passions: sport and penny-pinching.

TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury,
Bath
BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.