Share
FILE - Ingrid Andress sings the national anthem prior to the 2024 T-Mobile Home Run Derby at Globe Life Field on Monday, July 15, 2024 in Arlington, Texas.  ( Daniel Shirey/MLB Photos via Getty Images)
Ingrid Andress admitted to being drunk during her viral national anthem performance at the MLB Home Run Derby. 
The singer-songwriter apologized to the MLB and the fans and said she would be checking herself "into a facility" on Tuesday. 
"I’m not gonna bulls*** y’all, I was drunk last night. I’m checking myself into a facility today to get the help I need. That was not me last night. I apologize to MLB, all the fans, and this country I love so much for that rendition. I’ll let y’all know how rehab is I hear it’s super fun. xo, Ingrid," the post read. 
On Monday night, Andress, a 32-year-old Grammy Award nominee who’s been featured on the Billboard Hot 100, stood between the pitcher’s mound and home plate at Globe Life Field in Arlington, Texas, and started to sing the national anthem. 
But her performance quickly drew some harsh reviews on social media. 
"Wow! @IngridAndress actually did it, she united America," one person wrote on X, the platform formerly known as Twitter, with a screenshot of multiple people criticizing her rendition of "The Star Spangled Banner." 
"My ears are bleeding. One of the worst national anthem renditions ever," another X user wrote. 
"Ingrid Andress giving Fergie a run for worst national anthem ever performed," a third viewer commented, referring to a past anthem performance by pop star Fergie before the NBA All-Star Game in 2018, which also received negative reviews. 
"Ingrid Andress" quickly became the most searched term in Google’s Daily Search Trends. 
Meanwhile, Teoscar Hernández of the Los Angeles Dodgers won the Home Run Derby when he beat Bobby Witt Jr. of the Kansas City Royals 14-13 in the final round on Monday night. 
The 31-year-old Hernández hit 49 homers over three rounds that totaled 3.98 miles and became the first Dodgers player to win the derby among 11 who have tried, according to the Associated Press. 
Andress is a country music artist and prolific songwriter, co-writing tracks like LANY’s "I Didn’t Lie," Charli XCX’s "Boys," and Fletcher’s "I Think I’m Growing," according to Rolling Stone. 
Her own breakthrough 2019 single, "More Hearts Than Mine," peaked at 30 on the Billboard Hot 100. It also garnered a 2021 Grammy nomination for Best Country Song, as well as nominations for Best New Artist and Best Country Album for "Lady Like." 
Her song "Wishful Drinking" with Sam Hunt in 2023 also earned her a Grammy nomination. 
FOX News and Kelly Hayes contributed. This story was reported from Los Angeles. 
Breaking news delivered fast
By clicking Sign Up, I confirmthat I have read and agreeto the Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX Television Stations