Music Discovery  Starts Here
Our Girl (photo by Katie Silvester, PR)
In 2018, the trio Our Girl — which includes Soph Nathan of The Big Moon — released their impressive debut album, Stranger Today. It's taken the group six years (with a new The Big Moon release in between), but Our Girl will release their second album, The Good Kind, on November 8, with Nathan producing alongside John Parish and her The Big Moon bandmate Fern Ford. On "UKNY" at 11 p.m., an early song from Our Girl's latest.
Field Music's Brewis brothers are also back with the first single from Limits of Language, their ninth album, and Montréal's muscular knitting gets ready to release their full debut, Some Kind of Heaven, on September 6.
Since it's a brat summer, Charli XCX's reworking of a track that comes from her massive sixth album, which just got nominated for a Mercury Prize last week. And 2017 Mercury Prize winner Sampha connects with Little Simz (who won her own Mercury Prize five years later) to expand on a song from his his second album, 2023's Lahai.
A busy, buoyant hour too, with releases from Netherlands-born, London-based Dutch Mustard, Munich-born, London-based Victoria Canal, Leeds duo Lucky Iris, Australia's acrobatic Confidence Man, New York's Fcukers and yes, even some sentimental Coldplay.
New British and global releases on "UKNY," Sundays 11 p.m.-midnight, on 90.7FM, streaming online and in the Archives after broadcast.
Songs played:
1. Lucky Iris, “Something to Believe In,” Something to Believe In EP
2. Our Girl, “Something About Me Being a Woman,” The Good Kind 
3. (UK-NZ) Charlie XCX and Lorde, “the girl, so confusing,” single + brat 
4. (Munich, DE-London, UK) Victoria Canal, “California Sober,” single
5. (UK-ZA) Self-Esteem + Moonchild Sanelly, “Big Man,” single
6. (AT-UK) Friedberg, “The Greatest,” single
7. deary, “The Moth,” single
8. Sampha ft. Little Simz, “Satellite Business 2.0,” single
9. (NL-UK) Dutch Mustard, “Loser,” single
10. Field Music, “Six Weeks, Nine Wells,” Limits of Language
11. (Montréal, CA) knitting, “Spirit Gum,” Some Kind of Heaven 12. Coldplay, “feelslikeimfallinginlove,” Moon Music
13. (New York, US) Fcukers, “Homie Don’t Shake,” Baggy$$ EP 14. (Brisbane, AU) Confidence Man, “I Can’t Lose You,” 3AM (La La La) 
15. Jessie Ware + Romy, “Lift You Up (extended),” single

View the discussion thread.

Listener-Supported Public Media from Fordham University