"I'm ready when you are. I'm waiting by the phone," Black said of one day collaborating with Spears.

													By
												

	Rania Aniftos


	Jack Black teamed up with his longtime bandmate Kyle Gass to record a cover of Britney Spears’ 1998 breakout hit, “…Baby One More Time,” and the star revealed he’s a fan of the pop princess at the premiere for Kung Fu Panda 4 on Sunday (March 3).






	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Britney Spears		
					






















	
		
					Jack Black		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	“Britney, if you’re watching, I love you. I love the song,” Black told Entertainment Tonight. Of the cover itself, he added, “We’re very proud of it, [and] I hope you like it, too.”





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	







	Black also was thrilled at the thought of collaborating with Spears. “I’m here! I’m ready when you are. I’m waiting by the phone,” he said. “I got kicks! I don’t quite have Britney kicks, but you know, I got some moves.”

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	A team-up with the “Piece of Me” superstar is unlikely, as Spears took to Instagram back in January to shut down rumors that she’s working on an album. “Just so we’re clear most of the news is trash,” she wrote in her post. “They keep saying I’m turning to random people to do a new album … I will never return to the music industry !!!”

	The post seemed to be in response Page Six and US Sun report that the singer is working with Charli XCX and Julia Michaels to co-write a long-awaited 10th studio album. The singer’s last album was 2016’s Glory, though also teamed up with Elton John for 2021’s “Hold Me Closer.”

	Watch Jack Black’s “…Baby One More Time” cover below.
A post shared by Jack Black (@jackblack)
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.