Tashi Duncan would be proud 
Whether it's the football, the tennis or the impending Olympics, one thing's for certain: it's a summer of sport (catch me wearing a football shirt for the first time in my *entire* life)! 
Even if or not you're interested in playing sport or, under normal circumstances, watching it, it's hard not to get swept up in the spirit. And, it seems, our fave celebs feel the same - at least if the long list of familiar faces sitting courtside at Wimbledon is anything to go by.
So far, the likes of Margot Robbie, Charli XCX and Vick Hope have made their way down to the tennis extravaganza - and as the tournament nears its end, the fashion stakes have seriously been heating up.  
And who's just thrown her hat in the ring in the race for the best-dressed celeb at Wimbledon? None other than literal goddess and fashion icon Zendaya. 
Of course, her appearance is all the more significant given that her role in Challengers dethroned aughts rom-com Wimbledon as the best tennis film of all time (I said what I said) - and especially so when we consider that she turned up dressed *just* like her character, Tashi Duncan. 
Yep, rocking a Ralph Lauren fit (veeery grownup, quiet luxury Tashi) she rocked a preppy fit consisting of a tweed blazer, blue Oxford shirt, knitted tie and denim trousers - topped off with a pair of pearl stud earrings and a Louis Vuitton monogram bag.
She slayed (pun very much intended!) with this look. 
Megan Wallace (they/them) is Cosmopolitan UK’s Former Sex and Relationships Editor covering sexual pleasure, sex toys, LGBTQIA+ identity, dating and romance. They have covered sexuality and relationships for over five years and are the founder of the PULP zine, which publishes essays on culture and sex. In their spare time, they can be found exploring the London kink scene and planning dates on Feeld. 
Kim K's nude bodysuit is *gravity-defying*
Julia Fox’s frilly knickers have bum-crack cut-out
The most revealing Met Gala naked dresses *ever*
Rosie Huntington-Whiteley is selling her wardrobe
Flo Pugh's sheer strapless gown = style switch-up
Sydney Sweeney's tiny ruffle nude corset dress =🔥
Blake Lively's corset gown = Old Hollywood glamour
Shopping Sydney Sweeney’s stripe bikini & trousers
Flo Pugh's black lace ballgown is *SO* see-through
A deep dive into Lola Young's style transformation
Shop Olivia Rodrigo's stunning Rixo dress
Maya serves sexy underboob in bikini beach snaps
Cosmopolitan, Part of the Hearst UK Fashion & Beauty Network
Cosmopolitan participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England 112955. All Rights Reserved.