Sophie Grace Clark is a Live News reporter based in London, with a focus on crime stories. She has also covered politics and entertainment extensively. Sophie joined Newsweek in 2024 from a freelance career and had previously worked at The Mail on Sunday, The Daily Star, OK Magazine, and MyLondon. She is a graduate of Middlebury College. You can get in touch with Sophie by emailing sg.clark@newsweek.com. Languages: English.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
And just like that, Carrie Bradshaw is voting blue, Tony Soprano is a Donald Trump supporter, and George Costanza is undecided—at least according to a new poll showing how people think fictional characters would vote.
A YouGov poll conducted between October 25 and 28 asked 1,167 American adults: "If the following character were to vote in the 2024 presidential election, which of these candidates do you think they would vote for?" The survey resulted in some obvious results—of course Leslie Knope of Parks and Recreation would back Kamala Harris. It also found some surprising takes: would Michael Scott really be undecided leaning Trump?
From when Vice President Harris entered the race and British pop star Charli XCX declared her "brat," to when comedian Tony Hinchliffe caused an uproar after he made a joke about Puerto Rico at a Trump rally, celebrities and pop culture have featured heavily in the 2024 election cycle.
The YouGov poll shows that not only is the American public divided on this election, but the public believes their favorite TV and movie characters would be split at the polls too.
The character that poll respondents believe would be the most ardent Harris supporter is Liz Lemon from 30 Rock, and the character seen as the most likely to vote for Trump is Archie Bunker from All In The Family.
Other certain, yet fictional, Harris supporters include Phoebe Buffay from Friends, Elaine Benes from Seinfeld, and Barbie.
Additionally, 74 percent of poll respondents believed Olivia Pope from Scandal would cross party lines from being a Republican operative in the show to a Harris supporter in real life.
This may be due to Kerry Washington, the actress behind the character, being a vocal Harris supporter, and even a speaker at the DNC this year.
Carrie Bradshaw being a Harris supporter, believed by 77 percent of respondents, is not surprising. Her profession as a sex columnist may make her a vocal proponent for pro-choice legislation, however, per Sex and the City canon, Bradshaw is not registered to vote, which viewers found out when she briefly dated a man running for City Council.
That episode aired in 2000, so she has had plenty of time since then to run over to the DMV in her Manolos and register.
The character most similar to Elon Musk in terms of being a billionaire inventor, Tony Stark, was seen as a Trump supporter by 47 percent of poll respondents. And Liz Lemon may find work difficult this week as 46 percent of respondents believe her boss, Jack Donaghy, would vote for the former president.
Other Trump supporting characters include mafia boss Tony Soprano, advertising executive Don Draper, and a crucial swing state voter in President Joe Biden's hometown of Scranton, Pennsylvania: Dwight Schrute.
Respondents also believed that Hannibal Lecter would be a Trump supporter. Trump has spoken a lot during the 2024 campaign about 'the late great Hannibal Lecter,' telling his supporters at a July rally: "They go crazy when I say the late, great Hannibal Lecter. They say, 'Why would he mention Hannibal Lecter? He must be cognitively in trouble.' No. These are real stories. Hannibal Lecter from 'Silence of the Lamb,' is a lovely man. He wants to have you for dinner."
If Hannibal Lecter were a real person, he would not be eligible to vote as Maryland, the state where he is incarcerated for murder and cannibalism, does not allow felons who are currently in prison to vote.
Do you agree with YouGov's results? Let us know in the comments below.
Do you have a story we should be covering? Do you have any questions about this article? Contact  LiveNews@newsweek.com
Newsweek is committed to journalism that's factual and fair.
Hold us accountable and submit your rating of this article on the meter. 
Newsweek is committed to journalism that's factual and fair.
Hold us accountable and submit your rating of this article on the meter. 
Sophie Grace Clark is a Live News reporter based in London, with a focus on crime stories. She has also covered politics and entertainment extensively. Sophie joined Newsweek in 2024 from a freelance career and had previously worked at The Mail on Sunday, The Daily Star, OK Magazine, and MyLondon. She is a graduate of Middlebury College. You can get in touch with Sophie by emailing sg.clark@newsweek.com. Languages: English.
Sophie Grace Clark is a Live News reporter based in London, with a focus on crime stories. She has also covered politics and entertainment extensively. Sophie joined Newsweek in 2024 from a freelance career and had previously worked at The Mail on Sunday, The Daily Star, OK Magazine, and MyLondon. She is a graduate of Middlebury College. You can get in touch with Sophie by emailing sg.clark@newsweek.com. Languages: English.
Sophie Grace Clark is a Live News reporter based in London, with a focus on crime stories. She has also                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC