Showers and thundershowers this evening will give way to steady rain overnight. Low 56F. Winds SW at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 100%..
                                
Showers and thundershowers this evening will give way to steady rain overnight. Low 56F. Winds SW at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 100%.
 Updated: May 3, 2025 @ 11:05 pm
Benjamin Simon covers arts and entertainment The Post and
Courier in Greenville. He previously worked for the Riverfront
Times in St. Louis and served in Report for America.

Benjamin Simon covers arts and entertainment The Post and
Courier in Greenville. He previously worked for the Riverfront
Times in St. Louis and served in Report for America.
Darius Rucker sings with Hootie & The Blowfish on Sept. 11, 2019, the first of three consecutive concerts at Colonial Life Arena as part of the band's "Group Therapy Tour."
GREENVILLE — It's not every month that you have a fiddler's convention, Hootie & The Blowfish and a classical chamber group on the same day.
But that's the month of September for you — and that's music in Greenville.
We're back with our monthly concert calendar for September, featuring international rock sensations and local hardcore bands.
What: After a decade of making music, the Arkansas native broke into the country mainstream in 2017 when she released the song "A Little Dive Bar in Dahlonega."
Since then, McBryde has racked up six Grammy-nominations and two Billboard Top 100 hits for "Never Wanted To Be That Girl" and "One Night Standards." She will perform at the 25th anniversary of the Celebrate Anderson festival.
When: Sept. 1 at 6:30 p.m.
Where: William A. Floyd Amphitheater in Anderson
More info: andersonevents.com
What: This country group got its start nearly a decade ago as high school classmates busking on the Nashville streets. Now, they're signed to Mercury Records Nashville, have opened for Hank Williams Jr. and make bluegrass fusion with Americana, folk-rock and, of course, the banjo.
When: Sept. 5 at 8 p.m.
Where: Radio Room
How much: $15 in advance, $20 day of show
More info: www.radioroomgreenville.com
What: Brat summer will end soon, but it might be time for brat fall. Just ask Vine Nightclub. Hop in your brat era at this 18+ Charli XCX-themed party in honor one of the hottest pop artists of 2024.
When: Sept. 5 at 9 p.m.
Where: Vine Nightclub
How much: $15-$20
More info: www.eventbrite.com
What: Visit Swanson's Warehouse to jam out with this full-throttle hardcore band from Greenville.
When: Sept. 6 at 7:30 p.m.
Where: Swanson's Warehouse
How much: $10 in advance, $15 day of show
More info: swansonswarehouse.com
What: If you've watched the TV show "Jackass" or the CKY video series or the Tony Hawk skateboarding video games, you know this band.
The West Chester, Pa., natives consistently reached the Billboard charts during the 2000s and will visit Greenville on their first tour in five years as they celebrate their 25th anniversary. 
When: Sept. 13 from 7:30 to 11 p.m.
Where: Radio Room
How much: $28 in advance, $33 day of show
More info: www.radioroomgreenville.com
What: If you love Southern soul music, then "QL's Southern Soul Concert" is the event for you. This all-night affair will be headlined by Georgia soul singer West Love, who's reached millions of listens for her songs, such as "Put It on Me" and "Reach." The celebration will also honor Greenville radio host QL and his 10 years in the business.
When: Sept. 14 from 7 to 11:30 p.m.
Where: Greenville Convention Center
How much: $30-$50
More info: www.visitgreenvillesc.com
What: You might remember Joan Osborne for her 1995 Grammy-nominated megahit "One of Us," named one of VH1's "100 Greatest Songs of the '90s" and the theme song of "Joan of Arcadia." Nearly 30 years later, she's still touring and releasing music. 
When: Sept. 15 at 7 p.m.
Where: Peace Center
How much: $55
More info: www.peacecenter.org
What: For decades, this legendary alternative rock band from Los Angeles put out hit after hit.
After breaking out in 1994 with its triple-platinum record "The Blue Album," they continued to produce chart-topping songs for years to come, including "Island in the Sun," "Beverly Hills" and "Pork and Beans." The three-time Grammy-nominated band has a vast catalog of 15 albums to choose from when they perform in Greenville.
When: Sept. 18 at 7 p.m.
Where: Bon Secours Wellness Arena
How much: $45+
More info: www.bonsecoursarena.com
Weezer at Colonial Life Arena
What: Turn back the clock at the South Carolina Old Time Fiddlers Convention, where you'll hear string instruments galore.
Banjos, guitars, wildcats, string bands and, of course, fiddles. Adults and kids will compete to be crowned the state's old-school strumming champ in various string instrument categories, possibly walking home with hundreds in cash. 
When: Sept. 20-21
Where: Hagood Mill in Pickens
How much: $5+
More info: visithagoodmill.com
What: For the past four years, Parker McCollum's constant stream of chart toppers has made him synonymous with pop country radio. His songs "Pretty Heart," "Burn it Down" and "To Be Loved By You" have all reached No. 1 on Billboard's country airplay charts since 2020.
When: Sept. 20 
Where: CCNB Amphitheatre, Simpsonville
How much: $26+
More info: ccnbamphitheatre.com
What: South Carolina's proud sons return home for a show in Greenville.
If you don't know Hootie & The Blowfish, then you need to get up to speed about the friends who met at the University of South Carolina and became worldwide pop rock sensations. Led by frontman Darius Rucker, they've won two Grammys, released one of the best-selling albums of all time and evolved into arguably South Carolina's most famous band.
When: Sept. 21 at 7 p.m.
Where: Bon Secours Wellness Arena
How much: $55+
More info: www.bonsecoursarena.com
What: Get ready for this intimate classic music concert by three Greenville Symphony Orchestra members and a guest from the Indianapolis Symphony. They'll play compositions by Ravel, Kodály and Mozart. 
When: Sept. 21 at 7:30 p.m.
Where: Sigal Music Museum
How much: $5-$25
More info: www.eventbrite.com
Benjamin Simon covers arts and entertainment The Post and
Courier in Greenville. He previously worked for the Riverfront
Times in St. Louis and served in Report for America.

Benjamin Simon covers arts and entertainment The Post and
Courier in Greenville. He previously worked for the Riverfront
Times in St. Louis and served in Report for America.
The Post and Courier Greenville
20 Augusta St.
Greenville, SC 29601
Phone: 864-483-4000
News tips/online questions: greenville@postandcourier.com
Subscription questions: subserve@postandcourier.com
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers:

, Post and Courier, an Evening Post Publishing Newspaper Group. All rights reserved. | Terms of Sale