How has your week been? Have you been “very demure, very mindful” in your daily undertakings? Or are you still ensconced in your “brat summer” era?


  If reading that paragraph made about as much sense as watching Olympic breakdancing (still living rent-free in my head a fortnight later), then worry not: I have spent hours perusing Google and scrolling social media to glean the necessary information, so you don’t have to.


  Every so often I go down a rabbit hole like this where I try to get a grasp on what is fashionable. Is there any more potent reminder of getting older than the fact there was once a time when you simply knew all of these things effortlessly, as if by osmosis, but alas, no more?


  Despite my struggles to stay hip (or “mad lit” as my extensive Googling has taught me is possibly the correct contemporary parlance), I can’t help but find it endlessly fascinating how on one level pop culture is evolutionary, yet on another, it is basically money for old rope.


  Take “brat summer”. Inspired by the chart-topping singer Charli XCX and her recently released album Brat, the trend is said to be about embracing your chaotic, messy and wild side. Or, in other words, what we Gen Xers simply refer to as “life”.


Read more Susan Swarbrick


  So-called “brats” aspire to be “dirty, hedonistic and happy”, with their colour du jour the same retina-searing radioactive green that features on the album cover (picture the gunge tanks on Saturday morning kid’s telly of yesteryear and you’ll know the exact shade I mean).


  I’m definitely feeling a sense of deja vu. There are distinct echoes of 1990s ladette culture in there, not least with the description of “brat summer” essentials as being “a pack of cigs, a Bic lighter and a strappy white top with no bra”.


  And I bet there are those who spent their formative years in the 1970s and 1980s, heck even the 2000s, who are reading this and also thinking it sounds uncannily familiar.


  Yep, “brat summer” is merely sticking a 2020s, neon-hued label on the time-honoured rite of passage that is rebellion. Like I said: old rope.


  Which brings us to our next order of business: the arrival of the “very demure, very mindful” trend. The concept was coined by US beauty influencer Jools Lebron, who has swiftly become TikTok’s satirical equivalent of Debrett’s with her take on etiquette and modern manners.


  It began when Lebron imparted some pearls of wisdom about appropriate attire and make-up for the workplace, saying: “A lot of you girls go to the interview looking like Marge Simpson and go to the job looking like Patty and Selma. Not demure.”


Read more Susan Swarbrick


  The clip has since been viewed more than 37 million times. Unlike “brat summer”, which is dreary proof that every generation deludedly believes they have invented anarchy, the premise of “very demure, very mindful” is hugely tongue-in-cheek and amusing.


  It both pokes fun and makes a salient point. Other videos by Lebron show how to disembark an aircraft, order food, pose for photographs and apply deodorant in a “very demure, very mindful” way.


  This, in turn, has sparked a slew of copycat takes on everything from how to cut a slice of cake to reading a book without dog-earing the pages.


  The official White House Instagram account even referenced the trend on a post about cancelling the student debt of almost five million Americans.


  One of my biggest gripes of recent times is that far too many folk seem to exist in a bubble with zero care or awareness for what is going on around them.


  The ethos of “very demure, very mindful” reminds us how our actions can impact upon others. It is about championing self-effacing and thoughtful behaviour, as opposed to blinkered selfishness. Here’s hoping that catches on.


Susan Swarbrick is a columnist and freelance writer who specialises in celebrity interviews, TV content and musings on popular culture. She also loves the outdoors and regularly covers sport. Follow her on X @SusanSwarbrick


  It should have been a safe space for informed debate, somewhere for readers to discuss issues around the biggest stories of the day, but all too often the below the line comments on most websites have become bogged down by off-topic discussions and abuse. 


  heraldscotland.com is tackling this problem by allowing only subscribers to comment.


  We are doing this to improve the experience for our loyal readers and we believe it will reduce the ability of trolls and troublemakers, who occasionally find their way onto our site, to abuse our journalists and readers. We also hope it will help the comments section fulfil its promise as a part of Scotland's conversation with itself.


  We are lucky at The Herald. We are read by an informed, educated readership who can add their knowledge and insights to our stories. 


  That is invaluable. 


  We are making the subscriber-only change to support our valued readers, who tell us they don't want the site cluttered up with irrelevant comments, untruths and abuse.


  In the past, the journalist’s job was to collect and distribute information to the audience. Technology means that readers can shape a discussion. We look forward to hearing from you on heraldscotland.com


                    Readers’ comments: You are personally liable for the content of  any comments you upload to this website,  so please act responsibly. We do not  pre-moderate or monitor readers’ comments appearing on our websites, but we do post-moderate in response to complaints we receive or otherwise when a potential problem comes to  our attention.  You can make  a  complaint by using the ‘report this post’ link .  We may then apply our discretion under the user terms to amend or delete comments.
                

                    Post moderation is undertaken full-time 9am-6pm on weekdays, and on a part-time basis outwith those hours.
                

                            Last Updated: 

Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.