A 21st Century internet sensation in the truest sense (read: six-figure counts of fans while a still-niche concern in most spaces), on this eventual full-length debut, Jazmin Bean presents less of the full-throttle, gnarled-riffs-and-horror imagery of their early outings, and more as a pure pop beacon. Like Charli XCX if she’d spent her ‘True Romance’ era in ‘90s Camden Market instead of sneaking into raves, ’Traumatic Livelihood’ plays with pop tropes before dropping a little unexpected twist here and there: the slacker rock chorus of the title track; the kitchen sink production of ‘You Know What You’ve Done’. Anyone who’d only listened to their early tracks may be a little shocked by just how slick it all is: Jazmin’s deliberate intonation often brings to mind Marina’s operatic side, for example, while the chord changes of ‘Terrified’ are right out of Pop 101. But rather than weaken their identity, the lyrical dissonance it causes - and, make no bones, this is a heart-on-sleeve album lyrically - only makes Jazmin’s words all the more stark. “Midlife crisis / Pervert, a virus,” begins the harrowing ‘Piggie’, while ‘Best Junkie You Adore’ describes squalor with intricate detail while Jazmin hops around a pretty vocal line. Between its big production and even bigger messages, it’s admittedly a lot - one wonders if without Jazmin having been so candid about their experiences to date, perhaps it would seem too much - but it’s an accomplished and immediate pop record that will surely find the underground superstar receiving greater name recognition.


Tags:
Album Reviews, Reviews, Jazmin Bean

£27.99 
Blondshell - If You Asked For A Picture
4 Stars
Far less direct than her debut, and more thoughtful.
 2nd May 2025
Car Seat Headrest - The Scholars
4 Stars
A psychedelic, classic rock mashup that absorbs and expands on the sound Car Seat Headrest have claimed as their own.
 2nd May 2025
Mould - Almost Feels Like Purpose 
4 Stars
They’ve got their unsettling-but-intriguing aesthetic all sewn up.
 24th April 2025
Jensen McRae - I Don’t Know How But They Found Me! 
4-5 Stars
Channelling a sense of crystalline intimacy.
 23rd April 2025
 Listen now
It’s their first new music since the release of their debut album.
 20th August 2024
 On sale soon
The run of international dates will bring them to venues in the UK, Europe, and North America.
 21st May 2024
 Listen now
It’s the fourth single to be lifted from their upcoming debut album ​‘Traumatic Livelihood’.
 19th January 2024
 In Deep
Unbeknownst to the legion of fans who’ve watched Jazmin Bean’s rise to cult stardom, the singer’s life for almost a decade has been one filled with unimaginable horrors. On debut album ​‘Traumatic Livelihood’, they’re finally ready to tell their story.
 24th November 2023
Get the best of DIY to your inbox each week.
Latest Issue
April 2025
With Djo, Lucy Dacus, Sunflower Bean, Black Country, New Road and more
Read Now
Buy Now
Subscribe to DIY
Advertise with DIY
↑ Back to the top