Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
From Sydney Sweeney's shocking black bob to Tyla's sand-covered dress, these are The Hollywood Reporter's picks for the most outrageous looks of the fashion's biggest night. 

							By 

	Merle Ginsberg


	The theme of the 2024 Met Gala was “The Garden of Time” — based on a story by J.G. Ballard – but, really, the theme of all Met Galas always has been: Go big or stay home!

	While there have been myriad gorgeous gowns, jewels and natty tuxes over many Met Gala years, what do the most dress-obsessed actually remember? Cher half-naked. Lady Gaga’s change of dress performance art. Billy Porter’s royal entrance in Egyptian armor and entourage. Katy Perry as a chandelier. They all proved: It doesn’t pay to stay staid — even if staid means gorgeous.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	Movies
			



	
		
					Sydney Sweeney to Star in Jon M. Chu's 'Split Fiction' Film Adaptation		
			














	
	Movies
			



	
		
					Michael Bay, Sydney Sweeney Jump-Start 'OutRun' Movie Based on Racing Video Game		
			








	So the question comes down to: Does one do good outrageous? Or outrageously bad? Both the bad and the beautiful always get the most ink — sometimes, you can’t tell the difference. With such risky looks, it’s a toss of the coin. If you’re Cher, you can pull off anything. Everyone else — it’s case by case.

	So without further ado, The Hollywood Reporter‘s picks the most outrageous looks of the 2024 Met Gala — in no particular order:

	Was Vogue livestream co-host Gwendoline Christie trying to emulate a flock of seagulls — literally — or the 1980’s hair band of the same name? Christie topped her blood-orange Maison Margiela Couture gown by John Galliano with a voluminous sheer black opera coat with solid stripes. OK. It was all oversized — almost A-framed. That’s a look, though more appropriate to David Byrne. It’s Christie’s hair style that blew it all away. Her stiff-teased blond tresses stuck up in the air as in mid-flight. Had she just come from a horror movie? Fire that hair stylist! Runner-up: Pamela Anderson had gravity-defying hair, too, designed by usually great Orlando Pita.

	Lana Del Rey, wearing an Alexander McQueen gown, was topped by a thorn of crowns or Spanish mantilla — or maybe both.

	Both Tyla and Balmain designer Olivier Rousteing, both wearing Balmain, donned looks that included real sand. Not exactly an easy “fabric” to work with. “Talk about the Garden of Time,” Rousteing told Vogue.com. “This top will dissipate tonight!” Certainly the best use of an hourglass.

	










	Did Ripley join The Clash? Andrew Scott donned a sleeveless Versace vest/blazer, as he accompanied Donatella Versace and Jude Law up the Met stairs. Very Joe Strummer. Scott even out-Gothed influencer Emma Chamberlain, in her Siouxsie Sioux-like custom Gaultier black lace gown, dripping with Depeche Mode attitude.

	We’re seen a lot of odd fabrics at the Met Ball — mother-of-pearl corsets, wood corsets (Taylor Russell’s Loewe), near-naked beading — but Da’Vine Joy Randolph and her Met Ball date Zac Posen debuted one of the very first looks of his new gig: executive vp and creative director of Gap Inc. and chief creative office of Old Navy. Her gown was all blue denim — the very first Gap Couture — an homage to a thread The Gap used back in 1969, which tiered out into a very long train. Posen’s own white tux was Banana Republic. Custom Gap gown: three words you never thought you’d hear in the same line.

	There were more flowers at this garden-themed Met Ball than at a royal wedding. But Nicki Minaj’s Marni mini and Jordan Roth’s custom Valentino outdid them all — both were buried in more blooms than appeared at Liberace’s funeral.

	










	The bottom of Lizzo’s Weinsanto gown was curled up like she was getting blown away standing over a New York street grate, à la The Seven Year Itch. Was that hair spray that kept it up?

	While sheer fabrics are here to stay, most of the skin revealed at the 2024 Met Gala was relatively subtle. Not so for Rita Ora. The Brit singer’s Marni was a cascade of ancient beads, which left her side boob, hips, legs and — well, everything else — looking very exposed. Sure, it was over a flesh-colored body suit — but it matched to her skin so well, well, even Vogue.com’s preshow hosts were blushing. One asked if she could touch Ora’s hip — which the singer welcomed.

	Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah Bagshawe wore mirror looks from young Brit designer Steve O Smith. He wore a black-and-white tulle skirt and shirt with a print of Smith’s avant-garde charcoal drawings on fabric. She donned a strapless gown version. Perhaps both were going for Bride of Frankenstein? It looks like his role as Emcee in Cabaret on Broadway is getting to him.

	










	Demi Moore in Harris Reed’s orchid-shaped gown had to be the most strangely inventive look of the night. In black and pink, the stiffly cut gown was constructed out of vintage wallpaper. Talk about wall-to-wall florals. The dress was edged with arrows from Cupid’s bow, and covered with pink peony illustrations and dripping petals. The designer himself accompanied her in an even more over-the-top garden-green pre-Raphaelite gown.

	Attention-seeking stars often do a sudden tress test before the Met — it certainly gets the cameras going. 2024’s was a tossup between platinum blond Adrien Brody (hope it’s for a role), Kerry Washington in a pixie wig and Greta Lee, in a brand new shaggy mullet with chopped bangs. Kids — don’t try these at home unless it’s Halloween. Sydney Sweeney’s black bob wig made her unrecognizable. At the Met Ball, that’s not the point.

	Charli XCX’s Marni gown was made up entirely of recycled white T-shirts from the 1950s and 1970s, topped by a stiff cone bra. Kids — do try this at home. Meanwhile, Doja Cat’s wet T-shirt Vetements painted-on gown was a great just-out-of-shower look, and perhaps the reason for her blue/green sparkle eye makeup running down her face.

	










	Cynthia Erivo — in a spectacular Thom Browne black and rose waist-exposing gown — attached a butterfly-shaped brooch on her shaved head.

	Michelle Williams’ Chanel jewelry was divine. But her matching wispy gown looked like someone draped a bolt of tulle over a fit model. Those top-heavy giant puff sleeves overwhelmed her.

	… goes to Gigi Hadid, in one of the best gowns of the night: a giant Thom Browne white tiered confection that took 70 people to make, 2 million beads — and five guys to help her walk the stairs. Definitely one of the best dressed, she looked already exhausted during arrivals.

	FKA Twigs came with designer Stella McCartney, who explained that the singer’s top and hot pants were made completely of diamonds. “Laser cut diamonds,” said the environmentally evolved designer. FKA Twigs’ cream-color, floor length woolly duster resembled a shorn sheep — and would make a great blanket.

	










	Co-host Bad Bunny’s Maison Margiela by John Galliano stitch-striped tux was built around an inset corset, with red stripes on the pant legs — of course, he pulled it off — even topped by a black and blue Ren Faire-like hat. It had so many elements, you didn’t know where to look first. But it was his tiny, starry-eyed tinted glasses that caught our eye.

	***

	This year’s dress code, “The Garden of Time,” takes its cue from the 1962 short story of the same name by J.G. Ballard, which dovetails nicely with the latest Metropolitan Museum of Art Costume Institute exhibition, Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion, which opens to the public Friday, May 10. The Andrew Bolton-curated show spotlights fragile pieces from the institute’s archives, all viewed through a lens of nature. The exhibit’s coffee table book will be released June 18. 

	Read more of The Hollywood Reporter’s Met Gala coverage here.
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.