Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
Matty Healy's girlfriend, Gabbriette Bechtel, has fans buzzing with engagement rumours. The 26 year old model turned heads at Charli XCX's Brooklyn gig this week, hinting she's ready to tie the knot with The 1975's lead singer.
Gabbriette, who is also the vocalist for Nasty Cherrya band formed by Charliteased her followers on Instagram Story with a photo of a striking black diamond ring on her finger, captioning it: "Marrying the 1975 is very brat @trumanblack."
The 'Love Me' hitmaker, aged 35, began his romance with Gabbriette following his brief encounter with global icon Taylor Swift, 34.
It's rumoured that Matty was the muse behind some songs on Taylor's recent album, 'The Tortured Poets Department'. However, Matty confessed to 'Entertainment Tonight:' that he "hasn't listened to much" of the album.
Despite speculation about a "diss track" in the album directed at him, Matty seemed indifferent, saying: "My diss track? I haven't really listened to that much of it, but I'm sure it's good."
Seemingly unbothered by Taylor's new music, Matty and his family are not expecting any surprises from the song 'The Smallest Man Who Ever Lived', which is allegedly about him.
Matty Healy's aunt, Debbie Dedes, has spilled the tea to MailOnline about her nephew's reaction to his ex's new song, saying: "Nothing surprises him anymore. He will not be surprised by the song. Him and her know what went on."
She continued, revealing the family's insight: "She writes about all her relationships, doesn't she? I don't think it will come as a shock to him at all."
Debbie added that Matty is focusing on the positives: "He's very happy in his new relationship so I'm sure he will be focusing on that."
And she hinted at more behind-the-scenes knowledge: "As my nephew, we know a bit more about what went on than has been in the press."
Meanwhile, Taylor, who's now with NFL hunk Travis Kelce, shared on Instagram about her album capturing a pivotal moment: "This period of the author's life is now over, the chapter closed and boarded up."
She reflected on moving forward: "There is nothing to avenge, no scores to settle once wounds have healed. And upon further reflection, a good number of them turned out to be self-inflicted."
Taylor mused on the cathartic power of writing: "This writer is of the firm belief that our tears become holy in the form of ink on a page. Once we have spoken our saddest story, we can be free of it."
And she concluded with a poetic touch: "And then all that's left behind is the tortured poetry."