Billie Eilish arrives at the 35th annual Palm Springs International Film Festival Awards Gala on Thursday, Jan. 4, 2024, in Palm Springs, Calif.Jordan Strauss/Invision/AP
Billie Eilish is bringing her “Hit Me Hard and Soft” tour to New York City’s Madison Square Garden for three consecutive sold-out nights on October 16-18. The concerts start at 7 p.m., with special guests Nat & Alex Wolff opening.
The tour kicked off in late September and will run through July 2025, spanning North America, Australia, Europe and the U.K.
Before her New York shows, Eilish will perform at Boston’s TD Garden on October 11 and Pittsburgh’s PPG Paints Arena on October 13.
A complete list of Eilish’s tour dates is available here.
Although the “Hit Me Hard and Soft” tour is completely sold out, the cheapest last-minute tickets can be purchased on secondary market platforms such as Vivid Seats, SeatGeek and StubHub, which offer verified tickets with buyer guarantees.
Here’s a look at the best prices available for her New York shows (including fees):
Wednesday, October 16
Thursday, October 17
Friday, October 18
Prices and availability are noted at the time of publishing and are subject to change.
The “Hit Me Hard and Soft” tour is in support of Eilish’s third studio album of the same name, released in May 2024.
Eilish’s setlist may vary for each concert. According to setlist.fm, fans can expect a setlist similar to the one below based on previous tour dates:
Can’t get enough live music? Eilish isn’t the only touring artist. Check out other favorites who know how to put on an unforgettable show, including Sabrina Carpenter, Coldplay, Taylor Swift and Dua Lipa.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices