By 

	Tomás Mier


	2024 was the year of Brat. No doubt. On Tuesday, Charli XCX celebrated the end of her monumental year by sharing behind-the-scenes moments of her “many highs,” including footage of herself with Addison Rae making the remix for “Von Dutch.”

	“So many highs in 2024 and I [can’t be arsed] to post them all but here’s some of my fav memories and fav people,” Charli captioned the Instagram slideshow. “Love you all so much and thank you for everything.”

	“Sorry i’m a lot sometimes,” she signed off the note.

	In one of the last slides, Charli shared a never-seen clip of her in the studio with Rae during the making of the remix of Brat‘s lead single “Von Dutch,” which featured Rae’s now-iconic scream. “Cool,” Rae says in the video after the end of the song plays. “It’s so cool.” In response, Charli remarks, “Could be cute.”

	Charli also included a photo with Billie Eilish from their panty party music video for the remix of “Guess.”
A post shared by Charli (@charli_xcx)

	Among the other photos in Charli’s post were images of her performing from a car surrounded by a throng of fans, photos with A.G. Cook and her team, a snapshot of Charli dancing at her Spotify-Sweat Tour afterparty, and a from-afar still of her Brat and it’s completely different but also still brat release event.

	










	She also included a video of Troye Sivan doing the “Apple” dance, a selfie with Sweat opener Shygirl, her Saturday Night Live cue cards, and a behind-the-scenes portrait with the it-girls in the “360” video, including Alex Consani and Gabbriette.

	The star also shared a clip of her being dragged by an airport floor cleaner for the “Von Dutch” video and snuck in a screenshot from a text with a friend where she sent a PDF document titled “BRAT CONCEPTS” from 2023.

	Earlier this week, Charli shared screenshots of the concepts behind Brat, well before the album ever released.

	“There is no explanation for what I do. The answer is always ‘no comment,’” Charli wrote. “We must cultivate desire, chaos, and destruction. The whole album campaign is high art. But it is also crucial to understand the benefits of low art and celebrity. The coupling of the two is vital.”





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	









	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	








	In her mission statement for the album cover, Charli declared: “The artwork for Brat will be obnoxious, arrogant, and bold. Some people will hate it. It will be heavily text-based, either font on a plain background or some kind of painting on a wall or disregarded object.”

	










	Charli dominated the year, and dropped what Rolling Stone ranked the Number One album of 2024. “With the peak-Charli-ness of her sixth album, the star stays out later and goes harder than ever before — and thankfully the entire world was ready to finally meet her under the flashing lights,” read Rolling Stone‘s review. “And while she’s spinning around on the dance floor, she’s also spiraling out in her head, digging deep into the types of insecurities and fears reserved for the comedown the morning after.”
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.