Sabrina Carpenter's Please Please Please has overtaken her own hit Espresso
Sabrina Carpenter is number one and two on the UK singles chart, becoming just the third female solo artist to achieve the feat. 
Please Please Please, her latest single, has overtaken smash hit Espresso, which has been at the top for five weeks.
Please Please Please and Espresso are both from Carpenter’s forthcoming sixth album Short ‘n Sweet.
The video to Please Please Please stars Carpenter – a former Disney actress – alongside her love interest and real-life boyfriend, Saltburn star Barry Keoghan, as they pull off Bonnie-and-Clyde-esque crimes. 
Only two women have previously held the top two spots in the UK Singles chart at the same time - Madonna in 1985 and Ariana Grande in 2019.
Carpenter visited Radio 1’s Live Lounge earlier this week, where she performed both singles – along with a cover of Good Luck, Babe by fellow US pop star Chappell Roan.
Short 'n Sweet is released in August, and Carpenter has just announced a series of US tour dates. Despite having five previous albums, it is summer anthem Espresso which has catapulted her fame to new heights. 
The top five singles this week are completed by Eminem's Houdini at number three, Billie Eilish's Birds Of A Feather at four, and Shaboozey's A Bar Song (Tipsy) at five.
On the albums chart, Taylor Swift remains at the top, with The Tortured Poets Department spending a seventh week at number one - a record for her in the UK.
The singer plays the first three of her eight shows at London’s Wembley Stadium   on Friday, Saturday and Sunday. 
Eilish’s Hit Me Hard And Soft is at number two in the chart, with Charli XCX’s Brat at three, ahead of The Weeknd’s greatest hits record The Highlights, and Sea Girls' third album Midnight Butterflies, which debuts at number five.
How Ariana Grande and Saturn collided on her album
Australian opposition party reeling after Albanese's landslide election win
Five men arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences
Sir John Curtice: The map that shows Reform's triumph was much more than a protest vote
Fear and loathing over van dwellers on Bristol's leafy streets
Harry bombshell 'backfires' and Reform 're-education'
Local elections 2025 in maps and charts
Chris Mason: Fireworks for Reform as Labour and Tories write election post-mortems
Watch: Prince Harry's exclusive interview in full
Harry's emotional avalanche hits the Royal Family
'I saved my ID card and my dog': Israel expands demolitions of West Bank refugee homes
Five things you may have missed in Sycamore Gap trial
Politics Essential: Get the latest news and analysis delivered to your inbox every weekday
Crime drama starring Sean Bean
A new globe-spanning adventure
New darkly comic Birmingham drama
Andrew Garfield uncovers his history
Copyright © 2025 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.