The Greyboy Allstars, California’s iconic jazz-funk revivalists, will bring their electrifying sound to the Boulder Theater on Saturday, November 9, 2024. Formed in 1994 at San Diego’s Green Circle Bar, the band came together under the leadership of DJ Greyboy, who assembled a group of top local players to bring to life the revolutionary sounds of funk legends like Grant Green, Idris Muhammad, and James Brown’s J.B.’s.
Though DJ Greyboy has since moved on to other projects, The Greyboy Allstars have carried his visionary spirit forward. Each member of the band has carved out their own musical legacy:
Karl Denson (saxophone/flute) gained prominence playing on Lenny Kravitz’s albums Let Love Rule and Mama Said. He currently leads Karl Denson’s Tiny Universe and has toured with The Rolling Stones since 2014. You might also recognize him from his memorable role as the saxophonist in Eddie Murphy’s Coming to America.
Michael Andrews (guitar), also known as Elgin Park, is an acclaimed film composer, most notably for his work on Donnie Darko, where his cover of Tears for Fears’ "Mad World" remains a defining track of the film’s cult following.
Robert Walter (keyboards) leads Robert Walter’s 20th Congress and frequently collaborates with Mike Gordon of Phish.
Chris Stillwell (bass) and Aaron Redfield (drums) are highly sought-after session musicians with credits spanning from Sia and Elton John to CeeLo and Charli XCX.
Don't miss this incredible opportunity to experience the magic of The Greyboy Allstars live!
Event Details:
Progressive jam giants Umphrey's McGee‘s return to Las Vegas for the seventh installment of the massively popular UMBowl production was marked once again by a stand-out tour closing dual evening extravaganza where all stops were pulled out and the power given directly to the fans, for better or for worse.
On June 24, Round Records & ATO Records will release GarciaLive Volume Six: July 5, 1973 – Jerry Garcia & Merl Saunders, the latest installment of the celebrated GarciaLive archival series. The three-CD set was recorded at the 200 capacity Lion’s Share club formerly located in the small town of San Anselmo, CA, just 20 miles north of San Francisco. The performance features Jerry Garcia performing with friend, mentor and legendary keyboardist/vocalist Merl Saunders. The duo is joined by drummer Bill Vitt and bassist John Kahn, who soon became a lifelong Garcia collaborator.
Progressive jam giants Umphrey's McGee‘s return to Las Vegas for the seventh installment of the massively popular UMBowl production was marked once again by a stand-out tour closing dual evening extravaganza where all stops were pulled out and the power given directly to the fans, for better or for worse.
COPYRIGHT © 1995 - 2025 GRATEFUL WEB, INC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
Privacy Policy