Manchester's brand new Co-Op Live arena has dramatically pulled MORE shows at the last minute amid news that the building is not yet ready to fully open. Peter Kay's gigs had already been rescheduled, but now they've been moved again to May 23 and 24.
The Black Keys show due to take place on Saturday, April 27 has now been moved to May 15.
The vast new £365m entertainment venue has previously announced a number of big name stars who will perform in its opening season this spring and summer. And it will need to hit the ground running as it has gigs scheduled for the equivalent of every other night in May and June - with now 36 gigs across the two months involving some of the world's biggest music stars.
READ MORE: Co-op Live announces it's not ready to open - with Peter Kay gigs pulled at last minute
The venue is set to welcome the likes of Olivia Rodrigo for back-to-back gigs on May 4 and 5, as well as the arrival of homecoming manband Take That for a total of SEVEN gigs in May and June.
There will also be four eagerly-anticipated sold out homecoming shows from Liam Gallagher - playing Oasis's seminal debut album Definitely Maybe in its entirety for the first time in June.
June will also see American rock legends Eagles pay their only UK tour dates on their farewell tour. They will play to sold out crowds across four dates at Co-Op Live on June 1, 4, 7 and 8.
Co-op Live bosses issued a statement on Friday with news of the latest postponements.
Confirming the rescheduling to Manchester Evening News, Tim Leiweke, CEO of Oak View Group, who own the venue, said: "We continue to work with the city, police, fire, council, live safety and there are still systems that we either are working on or had to test in particular. So in an abundance of extra caution, we're making sure that we can reschedule again."
Here is the full list of confirmed Co-op Live Arena shows for the opening season 2024, correct as at Friday, April 26.
May 2024
June 2024
July 2024
August
September
November
December
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.