Share
FILE - Vice President Kamala Harris and Taylor Swift (Photo by SAUL LOEBANDRE DIAS NOBRE/AFP via Getty Images) 
With such a heated presidential election behind us, it’s no surprise that politics dominated the conversation this year. 
From Taylor Swift’s "Childless Cat Lady" signoff to "they’re eating the dogs" in Springfield, Ohio, the most notable quotations of 2024 have something for everyone: entertainment, politics and even a side of conspiracy theory. 
RELATED: Celebrity deaths of 2024: The influential people we lost this year
Here are seven of the most notable quotes of 2024, as compiled by Fred Shapiro, an associate director at the Yale Law Library. 
RELATED: Top Google searches of 2024
"Please note that the items on this list are not necessarily eloquent or admirable quotations, rather they have been picked because they are famous or important or particularly revealing of the spirit of our times," Shapiro said, per the Associated Press. 
The city of Springfield, Ohio has fallen victim to internet rumors and conspiracy theories regarding immigrants eating peoples' pets. LiveNOW from FOX's Josh Breslow spoke to Springfield Mayor Rob Rue about the claims, which Rue says are false.
Justin Timberlake appeared outside a New York courthouse and spoke to the press after he accepted a plea deal in connection to a DWI arrest that happened in June. Timberlake was pulled over and arrested in Long Island on June 18 after police say he ran a stop sign and was veering out of his lane. The officer at the scene also said that the 43-year-old smelled of alcohol and performed poorly on all standardized field sobriety tests. The singer/songwriter pleaded guilty to a lesser charge and was given community service consisting of 25 to 40 hours.
This report includes information from the Associated Press, Vulture and previous LiveNow from FOX reporting. 
All the news you need to know, every day
By clicking Sign Up, I confirmthat I have read and agreeto the Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX Television Stations