Today's Digital Daily	
			



	
			Today's Digital Daily	
			

"I don't know why I put Sprite in the gravy," Heidi Gardner as Cher sings. 

	“Saturday Night Live” went all-in on fashion on Saturday. Of the sketches the late-night show put on over the weekend, they staged “It Girl Thanksgiving Special.” The general gist of the spot was a Friendsgiving televised special hosted by Marc Jacobs and Julia Fox, played by Bowen Yang and Chloe Fineman, respectively. The venue was the “Milk Studios atelier,” a clear riff on the popular Milk Studios.

	While a comedic Thanksgiving-themed sketch in general, the spot nodded to the night’s special guest, Charli XCX. Her music video for the song “360,” which was released earlier this year, also boasts a group of “It girls” sitting down for a meal. Amongst those featured is Fox as well as Rachel Sennott. For SNL, Sennott is played by Sarah Sherman.

	











	
			Related Articles	
	













	Human Resources
	



	
			Luxury, Streetwear Retailer End. Names Sebastian Suhl CEO	
			













	Fashion Features
	



	
			EXCLUSIVE: Louis Vuitton Shows Takashi Murakami Works at Art Basel Hong Kong	
			








	“This Thanksgiving, I’m grateful for my family,” Ego Nwodim says as Naomi Campbell. “I brought the substance.” The line is a reference to the Demi Moore’s “The Substance” film, which revolves around a black market drug that makes users appear younger. The rest of the dinner is filled out by Victoria Beckham, Cher and the Olsen twins played by Charli XCX, Heidi Gardner amongst others.




			You May Also Like		






	After trading other one-liners and parody jokes — Beckham mistakes La Mer face cream for something edible, the Olsen twins bring “cigarette casserole” and Cher sings “I don’t know why I put Sprite in the gravy,” — the group tells the story of the first Thanksgiving. But when the Olsen twins have a wardrobe mishap, Law Roach (played by Kenan Thompson) appears carrying a tiny handbag.

	“The basics do a turkey trot but the it girls do a turkey strut,” he says. The actors then pose a mock fashion show on the dinner table. This is another parallel to Charli XCX’s “360” video, where she walks on tables.

	The sketch ended in a song by Cher. Watch SNL’s fashionable Thanksgiving sketch below.

	This isn’t the first time SNL has parodied fashion and its figures. Earlier this year, the company made a spoof of fast fashion ads from companies like Temu and Shein. In their mock-up for the fictional Xiemu, they offer products for as low as $3 while suggesting unethical work practices as well as bad quality.
Sign up for WWD news straight to your inbox every day
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
WWD and Women's Wear Daily are part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All Rights Reserved.