The club-focused track is out now via untitled (recs)
Glasgow-based DJ and producer TAAHLIAH has released her first new single in almost two years via untitled (recs), ‘Boys’.
‘Boys’ is out now after debuting as the opening track in her 2022 Boiler Room set. It marks TAAHLIAH’s first release since her collaborative 2022 single with Loraine James, ‘Fuck It!’.
The track is said to be a continuation of her debut, club-focused EP ‘Angelica’, featuring vocals from Elouiza. Listen to it below.
Read this next: HOLD A CORNER launches record label with Wilfy D single
“It’s incredibly cheeky,” TAAHLIAH says of her latest single. “‘Boys’ was one of those songs you make in an hour then leave alone for 3 years.” 
“Since its conception, I knew it was going to be the introduction into this new world I’ve been creating over the past couple of years. It is the song everyone wants an ID on, it is the song everyone wants to know about.”
Read this next: Charli XCX releases surprise extended version of new album, 'BRAT'
The track fuses electronic elements inspired by live music, and also pulls inspiration from her recent collaboration with the London Contemporary Orchestra where she performed a headline show at the Southbank Centre.
Check out the artwork for 'Boys' below.
Gemma Ross is Mixmag's Assistant Editor, follow her on Twitter

      A weekly rundown of everything you need to know in music and culture
    

  Mixmag will use the information you provide to send you the Mixmag newsletter using Mailchimp as our marketing platform. You can change your mind at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in the footer of any email you receive from us. By clicking sign me up you agree that we may process your information in accordance with our privacy policy. Learn more about Mailchimp's privacy practices here.
  

      A weekly rundown of everything you need to know in music and culture
    

  Mixmag will use the information you provide to send you the Mixmag newsletter using Mailchimp as our marketing platform. You can change your mind at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in the footer of any email you receive from us. By clicking sign me up you agree that we may process your information in accordance with our privacy policy. Learn more about Mailchimp's privacy practices here.