New Order have scooped a top award at the Rolling Stone UK Awards. The famous Manchester band were honoured with the Icon Award last night at a ceremony at London’s Camden Roundhouse, with Phil Cunningham, Bernard Sumner and Tom Chapman accepting the honour from Blur bassist Alex James.
New Order were formed in 1980 and became one of the most influential bands of the 1980s as a flagship act for Manchester label Factory Records.
Their 1983 hit 'Blue Monday' was the best-selling 12-inch single of all time. Nile Rodgers, meanwhile, said he was “uncomfortable” and “overwhelmed” after winning the Global Icon Award at the ceremony. The 72-year-old Chic leader was given the award by Duran Duran singer Simon LeBon, for his more than 50-year career.
READ MORE: 'Self-serving coward's' first account to police after death of young mum in his bed caught on body cam footage
Speaking to the PA news agency, he said: “It’s somewhat overwhelming, at the same time, I feel very shy and nervous. Believe it or not, I’ve never, ever in my life done music for awards or anything like that, so whenever one comes up, I’m really surprised, and half the time I don’t know what to say, but normally I never stop talking.
"It’s weird, because whenever you get an award, that means you’re sort of in competition with your brothers and sisters that do the same thing, that makes me feel very uncomfortable.”
Fontaines DC and New Order were among the rest of the winners at the awards ceremony at the Roundhouse. The Irish indie band, fronted by Grian Chatten, won the Album Award for best British or Irish album of the year for their LP Romance.
The Artist Award for the best British or Irish act of the year went to Yannis And The Yaw, the solo project of Foals singer Yannis Philippakis, who beat Brat star Charli XCX to the award. The Song Of The Year Award was picked up by Chase And Status and Stormzy for Backbone, while pop duo Confidence Man picked up the Live Act Award from RuPaul’s Drag Race UK star Bimini Bon Boulash.
Mercury Prize 2024 winners English Teacher won the Breakthrough Award, former Mercury Prize winners Ezra Collective took home the Group Award, and Brooke Combe won the PlayNext Award for new talent. The Trailblazer Award was won by former Little Mix singer Jade Thirlwall, known as Jade in her solo career, Brixton’s Wide Awake won the Festival Award, and Island Records won the Record Label Award.
The Television Award was won by Toby Jones for Mr Bates vs The Post Office, while semi-biographical Robbie Williams film Better Man won the Film Award. Comedian Jayde Adams hosted the awards, with performances from dance duo Confidence Man, English Teacher, Jade and the cast of Tina – The Tina Turner Musical.
The event was the second to be held by the entertainment magazine, with the winners at 2023’s inaugural ceremony including Ozzy Osbourne and Lewis Capaldi.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.