Published Jun 12, 2024
Share
Published Jun 12, 2024
Share
 Make your contribution now and help Gothamist thrive in 2025.  Donate today 
Gothamist is funded by sponsors and member donations
Warm Up, the summer party running since 1998 at MoMA PS1 in Long Island City, announced its lineup for the 2024 season on Wednesday.
The season kicks off on Friday, July 12 with DJ and producer Kim Anh, who founded the popular queer party “Booby Trap” in Los Angeles and New York City. As always, Warm Up features sets from multiple artists and DJs.
The series will then return over the following five Fridays from 4 p.m. to 10 p.m. in MoMA PS1's courtyard. This year, the museum will remain open during the event.
A scene from Warm Up 2023.
“Part of the vision now is thinking about how the music dovetails with the program we do with performance and art in the museum,” said Kari Rittenbach, assistant curator at MoMA PS1. “It’s an interesting program that not a lot of other museums or clubs can offer.”
Other highlights include Miami-based producer Nick León, who will perform with DJ Python on July 19; and Tongue in the Mind, the collaboration among Juliana Huxtable, Jealous Orgasm and Via App.
Rittenbach said the curation team is excited to host a more international lineup than in recent years now that musicians are touring again after the pandemic. The international artists include Safety Trance from Venezuela, the Paris-based Finnish producer Emma dj, and Cashu, cofounder of the Brazilian party collective Mamba Negra.
A bevy of UK artists are also in the lineup, including Hyperdub founder Kode9; and producer Easyfun, who frequently collaborates with pop superstar Charli XCX.
A signature of Warm Up is its courtyard art installation. This year’s stage and DJ booth were designed by Stewart Uoo, the multimedia artist who was part of the museum’s “Greater New York” group show in 2015.
“Stewart was looking at influences from Cy Twombly’s design for a curtain at the Vienna Opera House to set designs that Martin Wong did for radical theater companies in San Francisco in the 1970s,” said Rittenbach. “Let’s say it’ll be … colorful and exciting.”
Warm Up runs at MoMA PS1 every Friday from July 12 through August 16, from 4 p.m. to 10 p.m. Tickets are $18 in advance, with discounts for students and MoMA members, and free entry for residents of Long Island City and Woodside. Details are available here.
Tagged
Gothamist is funded by sponsors and member donations
Gothamist is funded by sponsors and member donations
 MORE arts-entertainment
“You know how much resentment has built up from people who don't feel seen or heard,” said Gregory Mosher, a theater producer.
Published May 1, 2025 at 6:00 a.m. ET
So many balls! So little time.
So many balls! So little time.
 Catch up on the most important headlines with a roundup of essential NYC stories, delivered to your inbox daily. 
Gothamist is a website about New York City news, arts, events and food, brought to you by New York Public Radio.