"I have been traveling the country for a long time and lately, the one thing I have seen all too much of is people looking to piss off the other side by any means necessary"
My Chemical Romance‘s Frank Iero has shared his reasons for voting ahead of his shows with L.S. Dunes.
The guitarist took to his official Instagram account yesterday (November 4) to share a statement on the importance of voting during this year’s presidential election which is taking place today (November 5).
“These are very uncertain and scary times in our world. I have been travelling the country for a long time and lately, the one thing I have seen all too much of is people looking to piss off the other side by any means necessary,” began Iero’s statement. “In my opinion, a truly asinine reason to make such an important decision like choosing your next president. Tomorrow I will be voting for Harris/Walz and some of my reasoning is the following.”
A post shared by frnkiero (@frankieromustdie)
He continued: “I believe women should have the inalienable right to control what happens to their own bodies. I believe our children would be safer with sensible gun control. I believe in science and facts. I believe gay rights are human rights and I believe all human beings are created equal and should be treated with compassion and dignity. I believe in democracy for our nation and a peaceful transfer of power. if you feel strongly about any of these reasons/issues  I urge you to join me and to speak to the people you love about doing the same.
“If you still need more convincing I would say to you that although it is not impossible, it is far less likely that any Nazis or other hate groups will be voting for Harris/Walz. I cannot say the same for Trump/Vance and that should tell you something about whose values you are aligning yourself with.”
Iero joins others from the entertainment world to publicly support Harris, including Taylor Swift, Beyoncé, Charli XCX, Madonna, Bruce Springsteen, Megan Thee Stallion, Quavo, Bad Bunny, Billie Eilish, St. Vincent, Cardi B, Mumford & Sons, Green Day’s Billie Joe Armstrong and Evanescence’s Amy Lee.
A post shared by frnkiero (@frankieromustdie)
Yesterday, Swift gave her US fans a “friendly but extremely important reminder” to vote in today’s presidential election.
In a post shared to Instagram last night (November 4) Swift celebrated the end of the US leg of her record-breaking Eras Tour, writing: “Just had the time of my life with 207,000 beautiful people in Indianapolis who showered us with so much love and excitement and joy… I know I’ll be looking back on this weekend and smiling because it was just like a dreamscape, all of it.”
She then added: “Thank you to everyone who came out to see us on our last 3 American shows!! And here’s a friendly but extremely important reminder that tomorrow is the US Election and your last chance to vote.”
Elsewhere, L.S. Dunes are currently on tour. You can visit here to check out a full list of dates and more information and here to purchase tickets. The group also released their track ‘Fatal Deluxe’ back in September.
In other news, Harris made a surprise guest appearance on Saturday Night Live last weekend alongside comedian Maya Rudolph.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.