The term "brat", popularised by British singer Charli XCX, has been declared the Collins Word of the Year 2024. The music icon, whose real name is Charlotte Aitchison, caused a sensation on TikTok earlier this year with her sixth studio album titled "Brat", which sparked a trend that transcended mere aesthetics to become a lifestyle.
According to the dictionary, "brat" now signifies "characterised by a confident, independent, and hedonistic attitude" and quickly became the defining aesthetic movement of the summer. This movement champions self-love, positive body image, and bold style choices, contrasting starkly with the previous "clean girl" trend that favoured yoga, early nights, and slicked-back hair.
Collins Dictionary's lexicographers selected "brat" as their top word after reviewing various media sources, including social media, due to its widespread adoption. They noted that the term had become "one of the most talked about words of 2024". For the latest TV & Showbiz news, sign up to our newsletter
Another term making the list, reflecting the influence of female musicians on pop culture, is "era", coined from Taylor Swift’s lucrative Eras Tour, which showcases her musical journey. The dictionary defines it as "a period of one’s life or career that is of a distinctive character".
Additional words featured include "yapping", meaning to talk at length about trivial matters, and "delulu", describing someone who is completely mistaken or unrealistic in their beliefs or expectations.
"Rawdogging", a TikTok trend where people post videos of themselves spending long-haul flights doing nothing but staring at the seat in front of them, also features. Alex Beecroft, managing director of Collins, said: "With many of this year’s notable words being popularised by generations Z and Alpha, we can confidently say this is the most ‘brat’ Word of the Year list ever."
The lexicographers at Collins Dictionary monitor their 20-billion-word database to create the annual list of new and notable words that reflect our ever-evolving language and the preoccupations of those who use it.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.