It's the third single from her upcoming fourth album 'Dreamstate'
Kelly Lee Owens has shared ‘Higher’, the new single from her upcoming fourth album ‘Dreamstate’. Check it out below.
The single marks the third preview of the Welsh musician and producer’s fourth studio album, following on from ‘Sunshine‘ and ‘Love You Got’. ‘Dreamstate‘ will be released on October 18 via dh2 – the electronic imprint spearheaded by George Daniel via The 1975’s label, Dirty Hit.
‘Higher’ sees Owens in a blissful state of euphoria, elevating above the mundanity and tribulations of daily life. “Higher, higher, higher I go / lighter, lighter, lighter I float,” she sings over a dreamy, synth-laden soundscape.
Check it out below.
‘Dreamstate’ also features producer-writer credits from the likes of Bicep‘s Andrew Ferguson and Matthew McBriar, The Chemical Brothers’ Tom Rowlands, and The 1975‘s Daniel.
Per a press release, the new record was inspired by Owens’ “inner evolution” and collaborative spirit: “It’s the sound of a person letting loose and letting go while encouraging everyone else to do the same.”
Speaking to NME in 2020, Owens shared how growing up in Wales had shaped her creative process. “Coming from Wales and coming from the myths, the stories and the legends, I genuinely feel the magic around me at all times and it is in the mundane and the stuff we take for granted,” she said.
She added: “I come from a place that is full of fighters and really tough people who have been through a lot. There’s magic there, but it’s complicated. I have a deep connection with it now but I’m still only just discovering the story of where I come from and it’s not all pretty and not all poetic, but being someone who is unafraid of that is the journey that I think is necessary to go.
“We’ve always understood what the land gives us. Anyone who stands next to a mountainous area feels small but in the most humbling beautiful way. I think we need to be reminded that we are not bigger than ‘it’.”
Last month, Owens announced upcoming headline dates in the UK and Europe, set to kick off in Berlin on October 29. She’ll perform in Rotterdam (October 31), Brussels (November 1) and Paris (2) before heading over to the UK and Ireland.
Check out the full dates below and buy tickets here.
OCTOBER
29 – Säälchen, Berlin 
31 – Annabel, Rotterdam
NOVEMBER
01 – Les Nuits Botanique Festival, Brussels
02 – Le Trabendo, Paris
04 – The Button Factory, Dublin
06 – Limelight, Belfast
08 – SWG3, Glasgow
09 – Belgrave Music Hall, Leeds  (DJ set)
11 – New Century, Manchester 
13 – The TramShed, Cardiff
14 – The Troxy, London 
15 – Marble Factory, Bristol 
16 – CHALK, Brighton
The producer and musician played a DJ on the Levels stage at Glastonbury Festival 2024 in June, ahead of Charli XCX’s ‘Partygirl’ slot at the venue. She also appeared at Charli’s takeover at Ibiza’s historic Amnesia nightclub with Boiler Room, and at the dh2 launch party in London.
Last year, Owens earned the praise of Depeche Mode, who she supported on the North American leg of their 2023 ‘Memento Mori’ world tour.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.