Are you having a brat summer, or are you still having a hot girl summer?


  There’s no doubt you will have seen the brat summer trend taking over TikTok, Instagram and even Lorraine.


  From slime green-coloured everything to the chaos of a sticky dance floor, it’s almost like the 90s is back.


  ITV audiences were given a brat summer masterclass this morning by Strictly Come Dancing star Tyler West.


  Fashion journalist Mark Heyes also revealed how to dress for the trendy occasion over the next few weeks to “live your best life and be your authentic self”.


  But what on earth is a brat summer and why is it on everyone’s mind?


  Believe it or not, brat summer is inspired by none other than Charli XCX and her new album Brat, most recognised for its slime green-coloured cover.


  Tyler explained to Christine Lampard who was stepping in for Lorraine Kelly on her mid-morning show: “It’s essentially looking at the party girl life, so it’s going through living your best life, doing it for yourself and being your authentic self.


  “She’s [Charli XCX] also described it as it can be a trashy summer with a pack of cigs, a strappy white top and no bras.”


























                    View this post on Instagram
                
























A post shared by Charli (@charli_xcx)






A post shared by Charli (@charli_xcx)


  Mark added: “It’s basically late 90s early noughties Christine, they think it’s new, it’s not, we’ve all been there.”


  If you’ve seen celebrities flooding your social media feeds (and morning TV programmes) doing some body rolls, putting their hands on their hips, and holding an imaginary apple above their head, they’re probably doing the Apple dance.


  Of course, this was also inspired by Charli XCX’s brat summer (specifically from the single Apple on her new album) and was created by New York-based actor and content creator Kelley Heyer.


  She explained to The Guardian: “It’s a song about generational trauma, and I turned it into a TikTok dance.


  “When she sings, ‘I think the apple’s rotten right to the core,’ musically, the phrase has this oozing quality, which makes you want to touch your body.”


Recommended reading:


  Kelly also revealed her Apple dance routine “follows a trend of less polished content on the internet” just like Brat.


  She added: “Last summer was Barbie summer, and the colour was pink, and this summer is brat green.


  “During Barbie, everyone was uplifting each other and wearing pink to the movie theatre, and I almost feel like brat summer has the same sentiment.”


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.