Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
Just a mere 24 hours before arriving on stage in Manchester, Confidence Man’s Janet Planet and Sugar Bones had been making out on the podium of the Rolling Stone UK Awards in London after beating the likes of Dua Lipa and Little Simz to win the Live Act Award.
So, their Friday night gig at Manchester Academy is a sort of test, or victory lap, for many to see if they can live up to earning such an accolade. Thankfully, the Brisbane four-piece come prepared with a show involving karate chops, raving pigeons, and a neon cone bra.
Since breaking out onto the scene in 2016, the dance act - who allegedly took their stage persona names from tombstones, of all things - have been described as everything from naughty and loud to over-the-top and ridiculous. And, to be fair, it’s an accurate portrayal in the best possible way.
READ MORE: Two extra late-night train services to be put on after huge Manchester gigs
With a start to proceedings welcomingly delivered by energetic indie-electro New Yorkers FCUKERS, with beat-bangers Homie Don't Shake and Bon Bon proving to be firm crowd favourites, the sold-out audience are ready and raring to go once the Australian quartet take to the stage.
Having recently released their third studio album 3AM (La La La) last month, the band are currently on a career trajectory with the latest effort earning many accolades, including already being named as one of the best albums of the year by the likes of Time Out and Rough Trade.
With that in mind then, it’s no surprise that the wealth of the set list is made up of tracks from the latest album, like I Can't Lose You, Real Move Touch and Control, which all go down a storm. Sounding like a mix between a Hacienda rave, Deee-Lite and the Happy Mondays, it’s joyful house music that you can’t stand still to. Nor would you ever want to.
As the seeping bass and kick-drums of each track hit the earbuds of the crowd, the floorboards instantaneously bounce into action as crowds from the front to the back jump and bop in motion to the sound. And then we get to Janet and Sugar - who are just as energetic, if not more, than the crowd.
Expressing themselves on stage through the medium of vogue, ballet, street dance, and even a few Spice Girls-style karate kicks, they are like two energetic children at a dance recital as they insist on showing their moves off to anyone who’ll pay attention. But it all works - their chemistry is effortless.
Behind them on the stage throughout the show are the two other members of the band - hailed as Reggie Goodchild and Clarence McGuffie. Playing drums, keys and bringing the production, they are dressed as gothic beekeepers who have a funeral to get to afterwards and never once reveal their identity.
The energy never falters throughout the 75-minute show - with rave tracks like Firebreak and Break It Down (On The Bassline) both turning the show into a hedonistic and sweaty club (aptly around about 3am, I reckon) as the crowd bust some moves in rowdy fashion.
When we’re not raving to dancing pigeons with lasers for eyes on the screen - which is certainly one of the more unique ways I’ve spent a Friday night - Sugar is happy to take his top off (to the complaints of no-one) and Janet is happy to do some perfectly on-point hairography.
One effective costume change sees the pair return on stage with neon shoulder pads and a neon cone bra and as the dramatic light show encourages us all to dance along, their body parts swing and flash from up above.
Does It Make You Feel Good?, Holiday, All My People and So What perhaps get the biggest reaction of the night - whilst the encore of 3AM (LA LA LA) and its hazy mid-90s production takes people back to a better place that they can either remember, or wish they could.
And as to whether they are worthy of that Live Act Award, it’s safe to say their Manchester show proved any naysayers wrong. The perfect ringleaders of this rowdy circus - we’re all transported off the streets of a chilly Manchester into some unknown galaxy where dancing is the only option. And we’re all down for the ride.
As the first of two sold-out shows, Confidence Man have clearly found their crowd here in the Madchester city that birthed the likes of New Order, 808 State and the Chemical Brothers - all clear inspirations on the band.
So, it’s exciting that it won’t be too long before they are back here in Manchester. Last week, they were announced as one of the acts to be performing at Parklife at Heaton Park next June - and they’re sure to be one of the big crowd-pleasers of the festival. With them and Charli XCX already on the line-up, it's set to be a wild one.
Now U Do
Does It Make You Feel Good?
All My People
CONTROL
I CAN'T LOSE YOU
Firebreak
Feels Like a Different Thing
C.O.O.L Party
BREAKBEAT
BREAK IT DOWN (ON THE BASSLINE)
SICKO
Boyfriend (Repeat)
REAL MOVE TOUCH
SO WHAT
Holiday
3AM (LA LA LA)