To quote Charli XCX, “I just want to go back, back to 1999.” The makers of the A24 sci-fi comedy Y2K are of a similar mind, as the film transports audiences back to New Year’s 1999 for the party of the century.
In the latest trailer, Jaeden Martell and Julian Dennison star as Eli and Danny, two loser friends whose New Year’s Eve plans consist of sitting at home and watching a movie. Fed up with their lack of social status, the boys crash their classmate’s party in hopes of changing their reputation. For Eli, he views it as a chance to impress his crush, Laura (Rachel Zegler).
The party goes off without a hitch until the Y2 disaster becomes a reality. Technology bands together and revolts against humanity, killing many of the party’s attendees in gory fashion. With their lives at stake, Eli, Danny, and a few other misfits must team up to defeat this artificial intelligence or witness the downfall of the human race.
Y2K’s ensemble includes Daniel Zolghadri, Lachlan Watson, Eduardo Franco, Mason Gooding, Miles Robbins, The Kid Laroi, Tim Heidecker, Fred Durst, and Alicia Silverstone.
Y2K packs a heavy dose of nostalgia for the period. From dial-up internet and AOL instant messaging to Fatboy Slim and Limp Bizkit, Y2K presents an alternate version of the mass hysteria and paranoia that accompanied the dawn of the millennium.
Kyle Mooney, who also stars in the film, makes his feature film directorial debut on Y2K. Mooney co-wrote the script with Evan Winter. Producers include Winter, Jonah Hill, Matt Dines, Alison Goodwin, Chris Storer, and Cooper Wehde.
Y2K opens in theaters on December 6, 2024.

Please enable Javascript to view this content

"In Montana, there's a war over my family's land, and they're losing it," Brandon Sklenar's Spencer Dutton says in the 1923 season 2 teaser, which premiered following the Yellowstone season 5 finale.
It's winter in the Mountain West, and the Dutton family faces threats on multiple fronts. Jacob (Harrison Ford) and Cara (Helen Mirren) Dutton desperately try to fend off an attack on their ranch. Realizing his family needs his help, Spencer begins his strenuous journey home to join the fight. Elsewhere, Alexandra (Julia Schlaepfer) embarks on her own journey across the Atlantic to reunite with her lover, Spencer.
The Rage Virus has evolved in the first trailer for 28 Years Later, the long-awaited third film in the zombie apocalypse franchise created by Danny Boyle and Alex Garland.
The terrifying footage is set to an eerie reading of Rudyard Kipling's poem Boots. The trailer highlights the beginning of the zombie virus wreaking havoc in the U.K. It then jumps to 10,228 days later, as a group of survivors lives in isolation on a heavily guarded island. One of those survivors is played by Aaron Taylor-Johnson, who heads to the mainland armed with a bow and arrow.
Get ready to party like it's the last day of 1999 in Y2K. High school juniors Eli (Jaeden Martell) and Danny (Julian Dennison) are the lovable outcasts who want to fit in with the popular kids. On New Year’s Eve, the duo crash their classmate’s house party. Eli hopes to attract the attention of his crush Laura (Rachel Zegler), while Danny wants to break out of his shell. 
Then, the clock strikes midnight, and the Y2K nightmare becomes a hellacious reality. In this alternate reality created by co-writers Kyle Mooney and Evan Winter, Y2K imagines a technological takeover, one where electronics come to life and overthrow humans to become the most powerful beings in the world. These electronics aren't peaceful, as they embark on a murder-filled quest to eradicate humanity. To save the world, the surviving teens must put aside their differences and fight together as a team, or risk becoming slaves in this new, tech-run world.
Upgrade your lifestyleDigital Trends helps readers keep tabs on the fast-paced world of tech with all the latest news, fun product reviews, insightful editorials, and one-of-a-kind sneak peeks.