The children's book is an inescapable TikTok sensation. Here's what to know.
Every item on this page was hand-picked by a House Beautiful editor. We may earn commission on some of the items you choose to buy.
Before singer Charli XCX declared it a “brat” summer, the Tomato Girl, Coastal Cowgirl, and Nancy Meyers aesthetics reigned supreme. But as the weather cools off and seasons change, so does the cultural icon that represents our collective seasonal mood. This fall, however, it's not a pop star or fan-favorite movie dictating the trends. It's a fictional Italian grandmother: Strega Nona. That's right, it's a Strega Nona fall.
Translating to “Grandma Witch,” Strega Nona is the titular character of a popular children's book. First published in 1979, the book by author Tomie dePaola retells an old tale of a Calabrian town's central figure who provides various potions, magical solutions, and cures for her community. But when Big Anthony comes to tend to her garden, curious about her “everfull pasta pot,” humorous chaos ensues. 
While it may sound strange that this colorful character has become a TikTok sensation for her fashion—app users are wearing head scarfs, sweater vests, and flowing dresses as an homage to Strega Nona—her home's interior is where we're eyeing some cozy and covetable fall trends.
Read on for five ways we're bringing the Strega Nona aesthetic into our homes (without causing a town-filling pasta flood!). 
Every good kitchen witch has a workshop with open shelving, apothecary bottles, and raw ingredients scattered around the space. It's not cluttered, it's collected. In true “Grandma Witch” fashion, forego closed storage and display all of your favorite cooking tools. You may not be crafting wart-curing potions, but your copper stock pot deserves to be shown off all the same.
Gathering and sharing meals with loved ones are the best parts of the fall season, and you don't need to wait until the holidays to cook a comforting meal with your friends. Strega Nona knows the value of a large pot—ideal for bread baking, soup-making, and group cooking—and we recommend one of the below to up your cooking game. 
If you take one thing away from Strega Nona fall, have it be the warm and inviting color palette. Rich reds, yellows, and terra-cotta hues define the aesthetic as do natural textures like wood and stone. The all-white kitchen is popular for a reason, but for maximalists or those who prefer historical character over sleek modernism, embracing the era from the '70s-era book may help cure any seasonal sadness.
The Italian grandmother aesthetic would not be complete without tableware that tells a story. Whether you prefer floral china, delicate porcelain, or rugged stoneware, what you serve your culinary masterpiece on is just as important as the food. To align with the Strega Nona vibe, we recommend opting for dinnerware that looks like it could belong on any style of table, even in a children's book. 
How could you possibly feed and help your fellow townspeople if there's nowhere to sit?! Instead of a kitchen island, we recommend a dining table for ultimate Strega Nona coziness. Mix and match dining chairs for a collected look, and don't forget to make them comfortable. The Italian way of life includes decadently and leisurely enjoying mealtimes, no matter how late the night may go. 
Follow House Beautiful on Instagram and TikTok.
Joanna Gaines Revealed Her Son’s Surprising Hobby
Martha Stewart Says She Has NEVER Ordered Takeout
Christina Haack and Chris LaRocca Pack on the PDA 
Martha Stewart Flaunts $20,000 Mirror in New Photo
Fans Are DYING For the "Old HGTV" To Come Back
The Obamas' Martha's Vineyard Getaway Hits Market
All of George and Amal Clooney's Homes
Fans Don't Want This "Home Town" Star to Quit
Jonathan & Drew Scott Reveal Their Favorite Hobby
Tarek El Moussa Supports Heather in Shocking Way
Joanna Gaines’s Daughter Is an Intern at Magnolia
'Rock the Block' Fans Are Shook by Latest Winner
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.