"Keep Kamala and carry on-ala"
Kamala Harris showed up at Saturday Night Live last night (November 2). Check it out below.
The US election is set to take place next Tuesday (November 5), following months of campaigning from Harris and Republican candidate Donald Trump. Harris’s surprise appearance in the show’s cold opening marked their final episode before polling day.
The sketch saw the Vice President meet Maya Rudolph’s version of her, following a parody of CNN’s The Source with Kaitlan Collins, which showed viewers a spoof Trump rally before cutting to a fictional Harris event in Philadelphia.
Rudolph, backstage at a rally, looked at herself in the mirror and wished she could “talk to someone who has been in my shoes. You know, a Black, South Asian woman running for president, preferably from the Bay Area.”
“You and me both, sister,” the vice president responded from the mirror. “It is nice to see you, Kamala, and I’m just here to remind you you got this because you can do something your opponent cannot do. You can open doors.”
Rudolph has portrayed Harris several times in the run-up to the election, having first played her in 2019 in a Democratic primary debate skit.
Later Rudolph mimics Harris’s laugh, to which she responds: “I don’t really laugh like that, do I?” Rudolph replied: “A little bit.”
Harris and Rudolph exchanged words of wisdom in a pre-election pep talk, encouraging voters to “keep Kamala and carry on-ala”. Check out the full sketch below.
Kamala Harris talks to Kamala Harris pic.twitter.com/AJuW7aO7VM
— Saturday Night Live – SNL (@nbcsnl) November 3, 2024
Last night’s show also featured Chappell Roan as the musical guest. Roan made headlines earlier this year after she said she wasn’t going to throw her undivided support behind any one candidate in the election, due to “problems” on both sides.
Later, following uproar surrounding her comments, she went on to further clarify her stance, saying: “I’m voting for fucking Kamala, but I’m not settling for what has been offered. Because that’s questionable. It’s questionable, the actions of our government, of the internet, of you and me.”
Other stars of the entertainment world have been lining up to endorse the current Vice President ahead of the November 5 election. Yesterday (November 2), Bruce Springsteen appeared in a ‘Hopes and Dreams’ campaign ad for Harris, while Taylor Swift broke her silence in September when she wrote that she would be voting for the Democrat “because she fights for the rights and causes I believe need a warrior to champion them”.
Doug Emhoff and current US Vice President Kamala Harris. Credit: Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images
Last week, the cast of Marvel’s Avengers, including Mark Ruffalo, Scarlett Johansson, Robert Downey Jr., Chris Evans and Don Cheadle, reunited to endorse Harris in an Instagram clip.
Arnold Schwarzenegger, a former Republican governor of California, has also said he is voting for Harris. “I will always be an American before I am a Republican,” he said. “That’s why, this week, I am voting for Kamala Harris and Tim Walz. I’m sharing it with all of you because I think there are a lot of you who feel like I do. You don’t recognise our country. And you are right to be furious.”
Others to officially endorse Harris include Beyoncé, Jennifer Lopez, Charli XCX, Joni Mitchell, Chappell Roan, Megan Thee Stallion, Cher, Lizzo, Eminem, Usher, P!nk, Leonardo DiCaprio, Bad Bunny, Bon Iver, Quavo, Billie Eilish, Olivia Rodrigo, Mumford & Sons, GloRilla and Finneas.
Trump’s high-profile backers include Kid Rock, Kelsey Grammer, Kanye West, and Hulk Hogan.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.