ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK - JUNE 11: Jon Bon Jovi attends Tribeca X - Hampton Water at Convene on June 11, ... More 2024 in New York City. (Photo by Jason Mendez/Getty Images for Tribeca Festival)
Bon Jovi fans really seem to love the band’s new album Forever. The full-length debuts close to the top, if not in first place, on several Billboard charts this week. The group is used to rising to the highest reaches of the tallies, but this latest launch helps them score their first hit on one ranking.
Forever opens at No. 5 on the Vinyl Albums chart. Bon Jovi earns not just their first top 10, but their first appearance anywhere on Billboard’s list of the bestselling titles on vinyl in the U.S. with their latest project.
The New Jersey-based rockers sold a little more than 47,500 copies of Forever in the first week the album was out, according to Luminate. It’s not clear how many of those were on vinyl–versus CD or digital download–but for the effort to launch inside the top five on the Vinyl Albums chart, it likely sold thousands of copies on the format.
Bon Jovi earns the third-loftiest debut of the week on the Vinyl Albums chart. The tally is owned this frame by Charli XCX’s Brat. One space above the rockers comes NxWorries’ Why Lawd? at No. 4.
Somehow, Bon Jovi has never reached the Vinyl Albums chart before this week. That doesn’t mean that the band’s music has never been made available on the format before, but simply that no one title racked up enough purchases in a seven-day period to rank among the 25 bestselling in the country.
Forever opens inside the top 10 on all five Billboard charts it appears on this week. The new studio effort begins its time at No. 1 on two of them, the Top Album Sales and Top Rock Albums lists.
The set actually opens lowest on the Vinyl Albums chart. That’s surprising, considering it’s still a top five smash on that tally. The same project is new at No. 2 on the Top Rock & Alternative Albums chart and No. 5 on the Billboard 200.