In other news, The Beatles and The Rolling Stones could be headed for their first Grammy showdown. 

													By
												

	Paul Grein


	The Grammys often talk about honoring an artist’s intent. Their screening committee did just that in at least two cases this year, allowing Beyoncé’s Cowboy Carter to compete for best country album, and Dolly Parton’s Rockstar to compete for best rock album. Both albums could have been slotted in the best pop vocal album category, but the Grammys went along with the artists’ intentions.

	Albums often wind up right on the border between two or more genres. That’s bound to happen more and more as artists increasingly cross genre lines. In those cases, the Recording Academy’s screening committee endeavors to put it in the most suitable category.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	Here are more albums whose placement was less-than-certain.

Jimmy Buffett’s last studio album, Equal Strain on All Parts, is entered for best Americana album, rather than best pop vocal album. Buffett died in September 2023.

Charli XCX’s sixth studio album, brat, is entered for best dance/electronic album rather than best pop vocal album.

Doja Cat’s Scarlet 2 Claude, a reissue of her fourth studio album, Scarlet, is entered for best rap album rather than best pop vocal album.

Twisters: The Album is entered for best compilation soundtrack for visual media rather than best country album.

	All three Latin albums that made the top 10 on the Billboard 200 in the eligibility period are entered in different categories. Bad Bunny’s Nadie Sabe Lo Que Va a Pasar Mañana is entered for best música urbana album. Kali Uchis’ Orquídeas is entered for best Latin pop album. Peso Pluma’s Éxodo is entered for best música Mexicana album (including Tejano).

	Several top 10 albums weren’t entered at all, including Zach Bryan’s The Great American Bar Scene, Drake’s For All the Dogs and Ed Sheeran’s Autumn Variations.

Travis Scott’s Days Before Rodeo wasn’t eligible. The mixtape was released independently on his SoundCloud account in August 2014. 

	In other news, The Beatles and The Rolling Stones could be headed for their first Grammy showdown. The two legendary groups are both entered for best rock performance – The Beatles for “Now and Then” and The Stones for “Sweet Sounds of Heaven” (featuring Lady Gaga). If both groups are nominated, it will be the first time they have ever faced off on a Grammy ballot. The Grammys were resistant to rock in the years the bands were at their peak. The Beatles, being the world-shakers they were, were often nominated, but The Stones weren’t nominated in any category until 1978, when Some Girls was up for album of the year.

	










	First-round voting opened Friday (Oct. 4). Voters have until Oct. 15 to make their first-round choices. Nominations will be announced on Nov. 8. Final-round voting runs from Dec. 12 through Jan. 3. The winners will be revealed on Feb. 2 at Crypto.com Arena in Los Angeles.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.