With a Brat girl guestlist including Billie Eilish, Lorde and Gabbriette
Ask anyone, the biggest trend this summer is without a doubt brat girl summer. Or at least it was until everyone and their mum jumped on the bandwagon. Over saturation is the quickest way to kill a look, and nothing signals a trend's death like celebrities declaring they *are* brat. That privilege is reserved for Charli XCX only as founder, mastermind and ultimate brat queen.
Luckily, Charli hosted the party of all parties in Los Angeles over the weekend, an event that doubled as her 32nd birthday celebration and a revival of our fave summer vibe. Wearing a cut-out white t-shirt and the tiniest hotpants ever to party alongside her guestlist that included the likes of Billie Eilish, Lorde and Addison Rae (all of whom feature on her Brat album), it's official: brat is back.
One need only scroll through the reshared Instagram stories of blurred photos and videos captured in motion on the dance floor to see for yourselves. 
Rejecting the naked dresses and crystal-adorned gowns typical of an A-list birthday party, Charli instead chose to stick to her self-titled aesthetic. While there was no slim green in sight, she did rep a white cropped baby tee featuring a slashed cut-out spanning across the top of her chest to give a glimpse at her black bra. She paired the top with unbuttoned grey micro shorts, emphasis on micro. Knee-high black boots and black micro sunglasses completed the look.
Scroll to slide six for a closer look:
Lorde also got the memo, pairing a strapless black denim bustier top with a white mini bubble hem skirt. Her trend-led ensemble the inverse of Charli's monochrome 'fit.
We're still waiting for pics of Sabrina Carpenter, Anya Taylor-Joy and Addison Rae's ensembles for the occasion, so watch this space.
Follow Alex on Instagram.
Alexandria Dale is the Digital Fashion Writer at Cosmopolitan UK. Covering everything from the celebrity style moments worth knowing about to the latest fashion news, there’s nothing she loves more than finding a high street dupe of a must-have designer item. As well as discovering new brands, she’s passionate about sustainable fashion and establishing the trends that are actually worth investing in. Having worked in fashion journalism for six years, she has experience at both digital and print publications including Glamour and Ok! 
Julia Fox’s frilly knickers have bum-crack cut-out
The most revealing Met Gala naked dresses *ever*
Rosie Huntington-Whiteley is selling her wardrobe
Flo Pugh's sheer strapless gown = style switch-up
Sydney Sweeney's tiny ruffle nude corset dress =🔥
Blake Lively's corset gown = Old Hollywood glamour
Shopping Sydney Sweeney’s stripe bikini & trousers
Flo Pugh's black lace ballgown is *SO* see-through
A deep dive into Lola Young's style transformation
Shop Olivia Rodrigo's stunning Rixo dress
Maya serves sexy underboob in bikini beach snaps
Zendaya's naked dress has a huuuge thigh split
Cosmopolitan, Part of the Hearst UK Fashion & Beauty Network
Cosmopolitan participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England 112955. All Rights Reserved.