The record will feature Ariana Grande, Julian Casablancas, The 1975 and more
After steadily teasing who will appear on her upcoming album, Charli XCX has now confirmed all the artists who will feature.
Last month, the pop singer announced a reimagined version of the cultural phenomenon of the summer, the ‘Brat’ album. It’s titled ‘Brat and it’s completely different but also still brat’ and can be pre-saved here.
The remix record is set for release on October 11, and has so far been previewed with ‘Von Dutch’ featuring Addison Rae, ‘Girl, So Confusing’ with Lorde, ‘360’ with Robyn and Yung Lean, ‘Guess’ with Billie Eilish, and ‘Talk Talk’ with Troye Sivan, plus a spoken contribution from Dua Lipa.
Various potential names had been circulating online ahead of XCX’s confirmation of the line-up, with artists including including Madonna, Caroline Polachek, SOPHIE and Grimes rumoured to appear.
Brat and it’s completely different but also still brat feat: pic.twitter.com/Bn6HD2LRiE
— Charli (@charli_xcx) October 4, 2024
Earlier this week, XCX’s team started erecting ‘Brat’ green billboards in the hometown of artists that are now confirmed to feature on the album – including the 1975, Bon Iver and Tinashe. Some fake billboards circulated before XCX officially announced the line-up on her social media accounts, leading fans to believe Fred Durst, among others, could appear.
The ‘Guess’ singer has now shared that Ariana Grande, Julian Casablancas, BB Trickz, Bladee, The Japanese House, Shygirl, Jon Hopkins and Caroline Polachek will join the album. She is yet to reveal which artists will appear on which songs, although she did share a remix of ‘Club Classics’ featuring BB Trickz during a DJ set over the summer.
A post shared by Charli (@charli_xcx)
The revamped album arrives in the thick of her co-headline run with Troye Sivan on the ‘Sweat Tour’, which NME said in a five-star review saw the “former pop underdogs cement their status as arena-slaying icons”.
“Both Sivan and XCX have spent time as pop’s underdogs – niche at the start of their respective careers but, in hindsight, always ahead of the game,” it went on.
“As they wrap up the night with performances of their collaborations ‘1999’ and the ‘Talk Talk’ remix, it’s clear that they’ve both not just mastered their craft but are now getting the recognition they deserve. ‘Brat’ summer might be over, but these two are just getting started.”
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.