Last night, Tom Holland took his final bow as Romeo in Jamie Lloyd’s latest West End revival, a production that has managed to reposition the goofball Marvel hero as a laddish heartthrob with biceps and a short-back-and-sides. Zendaya, who has spent the summer months stationed in the Richmond mansion she shares with Holland, perhaps also bid farewell to her role as west London girl.
The actor was this weekend seen entering the Duke of York’s Theatre with an abundance of roses, the size of which rivaled the cigarette-stuffed bouquet of calla lilies that Rosalía gifted Charli xcx in Los Angeles that same evening. She wore a shrunken crop top, a floral-embroidered martial jacket–reminiscent of those worn by Portobello Road types in the early Noughties–and wide-legged, acid-wash jeans with patent Louboutins and a Louis Vuitton shoulder bag dating back to the ’90s. The bustle jacket is a casual relative to the historically-inspired gown she wore on opening night: a Vivienne Westwood dirndl dress, embellished with a constellation of “star-crossed” diamantés. (Because Zendaya’s commitment to Holland is second only to her dedication to method dressing.)
“We were both very, very young, but my career was already kind of going and his changed overnight,” the actor said, reflecting on her early courtship with Holland in the May issue of Vogue. “One day you’re a kid and you’re at the pub with your friends, and then the next day you’re Spider-Man. I definitely watched his life kind of change in front of him. But he handled it really beautifully.” As for Holland’s turn as Romeo? “I could not be more proud,” she added. “I’m going to try and see as many shows as I possibly can.” She went at least five times.
I Just Got Back From L.A. and Everyone Was Wearing Autry Medalist Low Sneakers
Amal Clooney Is All About Rib-Grazing Denim for Spring
How to Dress Like the Olsen Twins This Spring and Summer 2025
Rihanna Dresses Cozy and Classic to Solo Dine at Her Favorite Restaurant
Sign up for Vogue Shopping to receive the insider’s guide to what to shop and how to wear it
Listen to The Run-Through with Vogue, a weekly podcast featuring the most exciting stories and hot takes from the worlds of culture, politics, sports and–of course–fashion
Never miss a Vogue moment and get unlimited digital access for just $2 $1 per month.
The Vogue Runway app has expanded! Update to the latest version to see all Vogue content, as well as new features like our Runway Genius quiz, Group Chats, and posts from Vogue contributors.
Explore the Runway Image Archive where you can access over 1.2 million runway images from past and present fashion shows.
More from Vogue
See More Stories
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Vogue may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
CN Fashion & Beauty