Today's Digital Daily	
			



	
			Today's Digital Daily	
			

It’s a new era for the British magazine.
Fashion and General Assignments Editor, London

LONDON — After months of speculation, i-D Magazine has named a new editor in chief and chief brand officer, plus a date for when it’s returning to print. 

	Thom Bettridge will oversee the magazine’s print and digital platforms and new commercial ventures in his newly created role.

	“No one embodies the future of i-D more than Thom. His creative instinct and cultural fluency make him the ideal person to chart the magazine’s next chapter. I trust in Thom’s vision and know the magazine is poised to leave yet another indelible mark on the world under his leadership,” said Karlie Kloss, Bedford Media’s founder and chairwoman.





	
			Related Articles	
	













	Media
	



	
			EXCLUSIVE: Gallery Media Group Acquires Coveteur, Names Faith Xue Editor in Chief	
			













	Media
	



	
			Phoebe Philo Guest Edits the FT's New HTSI Issue, Focused on Beauty and 'Intention'	
			








i-D Magazine will return to newsstands in March with a biannual run “in order to make room for additional print concepts and multiplatform projects,” the brand said.

	










			You May Also Like		






	Bettridge, previously vice president of creative and content at Canadian online retailer Ssense, he will be building out a new team at the magazine. He’s also held positions at 032c, Interview and Highsnobiety, where he was editor in chief from 2019 to 2022.

	“I believe that magazines are tools for turning the chaos of the present into something iconic. And perhaps no publication embodies this function better than i-D. Since its inception, the magazine has been an early advocate for all the cultural movements that have defined our time. The duty of my role is to seek out the new and to give it a voice across all the platforms in which ideas are made and communicated today,” he said.

	As editor in chief and chief brand officer, Bettridge will be working closely with Nicole Muniz, Bedford Media’s partner and CEO. “Thom is an incredible curator and storyteller which is exactly what i-D was always known for: a trusted destination for the stories that matter across the cultural landscape. His ability to blend cutting-edge editorial with a commitment to innovation aligns perfectly with our mission to push boundaries and inspire the next generation of creators,” she said.

	Earlier this month, i-D Magazine returned online after a seven-month hiatus with Charli XCX and Troye Sivan on the homepage of its newly relaunched website.
Sign up for WWD news straight to your inbox every day
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
WWD and Women's Wear Daily are part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All Rights Reserved.