Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
The actress also revealed that she would be open to reprising the role for another movie, but only if she could direct it.

							By 

	Carly Thomas

Associate Editor

Halle Berry is clapping back at critics of Catwoman amid the 20th anniversary of the 2004 film.

	During a recent interview on The Tonight Show, the Oscar winner continued to praise the comic book movie despite its negative reviews. The infamous film also won Berry the Razzie for worst actress of the year.



	“I loved it,” she told host Jimmy Fallon. “It got panned. The critics said it sucked balls. And balls aren’t that bad.”

	Berry continued, “What I’m happy about is that the children have found it now on the Internet, and they love it. So, it’s so vindicating. Because now they’re saying it’s cool and what the heck was everybody’s problem with it, so like, I’m like, ‘I’m so brat now’ (referring to Charli XCX’s brat summer trend).”

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	Movies
			



	
		
					Box Office: Chris Hemsworth, Halle Berry's 'Crime 101' Lands Presidents' Day Weekend 2026 Release (Exclusive)		
			














	
	TV
			



	
		
					Jimmy Fallon to Host Marketing Competition Series at NBC		
			








	Fallon proceeded to dub the actress “Bratwoman,” before asking her if she would ever reprise the role for another movie. Berry responded, “Maybe,” but only if she could direct it.

	Berry previously shared her interest in directing a Catwoman remake in 2021, telling Jake Hamilton that she wishes she “could go back and reimagine Catwoman and redo that” with what she learned helming 2020’s Bruised, her feature directorial debut.

	“I would have Catwoman saving the world like most male superheroes do, and not just saving women from their faces cracking off,” the actress said of Catwoman‘s plot, which saw her superhero taking on a corrupt cosmetics company. “I would make the stakes a lot higher, and I think make it more inclusive of both men and women.”

	Berry also admitted to Entertainment Weekly last month that the negative press surrounding the Pitof-directed film did take a toll on her at the time because she got blamed for its “failure.”

	“I didn’t love [the backlash],” she said. “Being a Black woman, I’m used to carrying negativity on my back, fighting, being a fish swimming upstream by myself…. A little bad publicity about a movie? I didn’t love it, but it wasn’t going to stop my world or derail me from doing what I love to do.”
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.