Grade: 4.0/5.0
Charli XCX’s emergence into the mainstream with her enigmatic Brat was a long time coming. 
After the commercial-facing Crash did tepid numbers, Charli XCX vowed to return to her roots — and did so in an unabashed, lime-green fashion. 
Brat’s cultural impact, bolstered by Kamala Harris presidential campaign memes and the viral “Apple” TikTok dance, undoubtedly captured the stan Twitter zeitgeist and catapulted Charli XCX to new levels of stardom.  
Prior to the announcement of Brat and it's completely different but it's also still brat, Charli XCX released a string of singles as part of her initial Brat rollout that sparked rumors of a potential collaboration album. Beginning with the Addison Rae scream-infused, A. G. Cook produced “Von dutch,” each artist was carefully tapped into the album’s original ostentatious sound.  
Whether on Brooklyn’s ‘Brat wall’ or strategically placed billboards around the world, Charli XCX began revealing her collaborators leading up to the project’s eventual announcement on Sept. 12. 
For Charli XCX, Brat and It's Completely Different but Also Still Brat could have served as a phoned-in, victory lap. Instead, the remix album presented listeners with a dissected version of its predecessor — the guts removed, but the heart heavily remaining in each collaboration. The project is a stripped down, poignant reflection on her accumulation of commercial success with all of fame’s strings attached.  
This is most evident on “Everything is romantic featuring caroline polachek” — a former Positano-inspired pop anthem sent to unravel in a dreary, London night. Polachek, a previous collaborator, lends her effervescent sound to examine the aftermath of Brat’s success. 
In a back-and-forth style exchange laid over Polachek’s signature vocal flips, Charli XCX laments, “I’m trying to shut off my brain / I’m thinking bout’ work all the time.” Polachek responds, “it’s like you’re living the dream / but you’re not living your life.” 
In a more celebratory display, Charli XCX enlisted Tinashe to hop on “B2b” to toast the pair’s newfound celebrity. Outside of a few select singles, Tinashe’s artistry has bubbled below A-list recognition since jumping on the scene with Aquarius in 2014. Led by the viral “Nasty,” her release of Quantum Baby in August saw her best performing album since her debut a decade ago. 
For the duo, the newest rendition of “B2b” allowed both to admire the hard-earned fruits of their labor: “Oh my god, we really blew the f—k up / Now everyone wants what we got.” 
Charli XCX’s technical prowess is prominently displayed on the revamped “Club Classics” and “So I,”  where production reigns supreme. 
On the former, Charli XCX brought Spanish rapper Bb Trickz into the “365”-interpolated club anthem. Trickz’s punchy verse punctuated the raucous entanglement of sound, making the track an instant classic in its own right. 
The latter, a tribute to the late SOPHIE featuring A.G. Cook, puts a reminiscent spin on a record formerly directed at Charli XCX’s guilt. Once part of a creative trio with SOPHIE, Charli XCX and Cook take turns commanding the track to remember her through their respective crafts. In a departure from Brat, Charli XCX shifts her lens of loss away from regret:  “Now I wanna think about all the good times / one big smile cracked the whole world open.”
Brat’s original essence first falters on “I might say something stupid featuring the 1975 and Jon Hopkins.” Initially penned as a melancholy — seemingly drunken — interlude, frontman Matty Healy’s contributions seem to direct the song to his own woes. Aside from the song doubling in length, Healy’s sound drags listeners to the end at a painstakingly slow pace. 
Similarly, “Rewind featuring bladee,” misses the original, vinyl-spun mark that complimented the track’s first iteration. Without the production’s nostalgic twinge, the pair feels somewhat lost in a sea of synth.
If the meaning of being “Brat” is still up in the air, Charli XCX uses this project to set the record straight. Although initially defined by boiler room sets and bad behavior, the Brat-era ends its run by coming to terms with the messy, confusing aftermath of when the club lights come on. 
Charli XCX’s level of radical self-reflection and deprecation — buoyed by an all-star lineup of collaborators — makes Brat and it's completely different but it's also still brat more than a gimmicky variant. It’s a raw, honest review of a woman who’s return on the music industry’s investment has finally arrived.  
Senior Staff
We're an independent student-run newspaper, and need your support to maintain our coverage.
Join our weekly newsletter!
CHECK OUT OUR MOST RECENT PRINT EDITION
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: