By REBECCA WHITTAKER FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  09:00, 19 August 2024   |  Updated:  16:19, 19 August 2024   
 22
View  comments
Charli XCX is arguably the British popstar of the moment, capturing the attention of social media with her 'brat summer' trend — sparked by the release of her sixth studio album, Brat.
Yet, it's not just the 32-year-old's tunes that have caught fans' eyes, but her new, snatched look.
Recent images showing the singer's extra defined lifted brow have sparked rumours on social media that the star, whose real name is Charlotte Aitchinson, has undergone cosmetic tweakments. 
In a post shared to Instagram last weekend, social media user and injector, Molly Bailey, guessed the singer may have had a 'ponytail lift', also known as a fox-eye facelift.
This is a non-surgical procedure that involves dissolvable threads being inserted under the surface of the skin and pulled tight, to stretch the corner of the upper eyelids.   
Recent images of the singer (pictured 2024) show she has a defined lifted shape to her brows and eyes, which cosmetic doctors say are 'highly likely' the result of a fox eye lift procedure 
Social media user and injector, Molly Bailey, guessed the singer may have had a 'ponytail lift', also known as a fox-eye facelift , in an Instagram post last weekend
'Charli has mentioned tox treatments in the past, and her glassy skin speaks for itself,' said Molly Bailey in her Instagram post, which has received 12,000 likes. 
'What seems to be the most noticeable change is her lifted brows and extra upper eyelid space. Likely the result of an endoscopic ponytail lift that’s popular among young Hollywood, an upper blepharoplasty or the less invasive brow threads plus a tox brow lift. It gives her the cat-eye effect.'
Bailey also voiced suspicions that Charli may have undergone a rhinoplasty (or nose job) early in life, as well as 'a little' lip filler.
In response, Charli XCX did not deny having cosmetic treatments, posting on Instagram: 'OMG I'm obsessed w this sh**'. 
Now, cosmetic doctors have revealed their thoughts to MailOnline on what treatment the singer may have had done to create her new, more defined look. 
Plastic surgeons admit she does strategically apply her eyeliner to enhance and emphasise the lifted look, which could enhance any cosmetic treatments (left). However, even with a fresh face her eyes appear to have a lifted shape (right), as pictured above in 2024
Fox eye lift a non-surgical procedure that involves dissolvable threads being inserted under the surface of the skin and pulled tight, to stretch the corner of the upper eyelids (pictured above 2024) 
'Based on the most recent images, it's highly likely that Charli XCX has undergone a fox eye lift procedure,' Professor Ullas Raghavan, facial plastic surgeon at Pall Mall Medical told MailOnline.
'When comparing latest photos to earlier ones, there's a noticeable elevation in the outer corners of her eyes that wasn’t there before.
'This kind of lift is often achieved through a combination of surgical techniques and cosmetic treatments, such as threads or minor incisions that pull the skin upward.'
He admits that she does strategically apply her eyeliner to enhance and emphasise the lifted look, which could enhance any cosmetic treatments. 
'The overall effect gives her eyes a more elongated and youthful appearance, which is a common goal of the fox eye trend,' he said. 
The fox-eye procedure, which costs up to £700, is achieved when the eyebrows are angled upwards.
'There are a few different ways she may have obtained the fox eye look,' professor Raghavan said. 
'It may have been achieved through various cosmetic procedures like dissolvable threads, surgery, or even muscle relaxant injections.
'The results from dissolvable threads usually last several months to over a year, depending on the type of threads.'
Clinics claim this non-invasive procedure can take as little as 30 minutes and has minimal downtime with with mild swelling and bruising for up to two weeks.
While experts suspect the singer may have undergone a 'fox eye' facelift, they also say the 'lifted' look is possible to achieve with strategically-placed Botox and fillers.
The fox-eye procedure, which costs up to £700, is achieved when the eyebrows are angled upwards, giving a more lifted appearance to the eyes (pictured above in 2024)
Exerts say this defined look (pictured 2024) may also have been created by non-surgical options like Botox and strategically placed fillers
However, Professor Raghavan suggests those wanting a more permanent look should consider surgery. 
He said: 'This could involve removing excess skin and fat from the eyelids, or surgically lifting and repositioning the outer corner of the eye.
Botox and strategically placed fillers could also contribute to the change, he says.
'Botox relaxes the muscles that pull the eyebrows downward, while fillers lift the brow area, giving you that desired shape. 
'These treatments typically last several months before requiring a touch-up.'
The singer has also been pictured wearing face tape to emilite a snatched look on the red carpet, during the December 2023 Fashion Awards in London. The singer wore neon yellow tape on her temples to lift her brows
Aesthetic doctor, Raja Intkhab, at Derma Aesthetics London, also agrees Charli's appearance could be the result of a lift.
He said: 'Her eyes appear more defined and lifted, which could be the result of a fox eye lift, a procedure designed to elevate and tighten the outer corners of the eyes for a more almond-shaped, youthful look.  
'But it's worth mentioning that there are non-surgical alternatives that can achieve similar results, like radiofrequency treatments that tighten sagging skin.'
The singer has previously been open about some of her tweakments.  
In January 2023, Charli took to TikTok to share that she was hoping to receive a Grammy nomination, and made a not-so-subtle hint about anti-wrinkle injections.
She captioned the video: 'Need more Botox before accepting any awards tho.'
The singer has also been pictured wearing face tape to emilite a snatched look on the red carpet.
While attending the December 2023 Fashion Awards in London, the singer was pictured wearing neon yellow tape on her temples, lifting her brows.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group