By JESSICA JANES FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  14:46, 11 July 2024   |  Updated:  14:50, 11 July 2024   
 25
View  comments
Charli XCX set pulses racing as she stepped out in a flesh-flashing dress at the All England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club during Wimbledon on Thursday.
The singer, 31, put on a leggy display in a black crochet mini dress, which boasted a see-through design and flashed a glimpse of her lingerie.
Wearing just a black bralette underneath, Charli further elevated the look with a pair of sexy lace stockings and heeled shoes.
There is no official Wimbledon dress code for spectators but smart dress is encouraged, especially when sat on Centre Court and Court One.
The 360 hitmaker finished her edgy look by sporting a pair of trendy rectangle shades as she struck up several sultry poses for the camera.
Charli XCX set pulses racing as she stepped out in a flesh-flashing dress at the All England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club during Wimbledon on Thursday 
The singer, 31, put on a leggy display in a black crochet mini dress, which boasted a see-through design and flashed a glimpse of her lingerie 
For the outing, she styled her locks in a voluminous blowout and showcased her natural beauty with minimal makeup.
In a meeting of two first-time Wimbledon semi-finalists, Jasmine Paolini will play Donna Vekic in the first match on Centre Court.
Former champion Elena Rybakina is currently the favourite to lift the trophy in the women's singles title following Saturday's final.
However, before she gets there, she must meet former French Open winner Barbora Krejcikova to battle it out for a place in the match later in the day. 
Rybakina defeated Elina Sviolina during Wednesday's quarter-final while Krejcikova also had a good win against Jelena Ostapenko.  
Charli's outing comes after she released her new album BRAT last month and the hyper pop-electronic record debuted as the 'most critically acclaimed record of the year'. 
The album surpassed Beyonce's latest album Cowboy Carter and Taylor Swift's The Tortured Poets Department. 
Ranking number one on Metacritic, Charli's new album BRAT glided past Queen B's hit country-pop album Cowboy Carter, which was released on March 29 and is the singer's eighth studio album.  
According to review aggregator Metacritic, received 'universal acclaim' based on a score of 92 out of 100 from 11 critics scores.
Wearing just a black bralette underneath, Charli further elevated the look with a pair of sexy lace stockings and heeled shoes 
The 360 hitmaker finished her edgy look by sporting a pair of trendy rectangle shades
During the outing, Charli looked incredible as she styled her locks in a voluminous blowout and showcased her natural beauty with minimal makeup
BRAT is the singer's sixth studio album and the record reportedly evokes and channels the illegal London rave scene where Charli started performing when she was 14 or 15. 
According to Charli XCX, BRAT is her 'most aggressive and confrontational record', but also her most vulnerable. 
In February, the star debuted snippets of tracks during her Boiler Room warehouse set including tracks identified as 'Spring Breakers' and 365. 
It comes after Charli revealed her song Von Dutch is a diss track and left TikTokers guessing over whether it's about another artist or bizarrely, Rishi Sunak. 
The beauty seemed entranced during the match as she sat next to her pal and watched the action unfold 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group