Grade: 4.5/5.0
The career of every commercially-viable auteur is a swinging pendulum. “One for me, one for them” is how the saying goes. A mass-appeal product (one for the audience) funds a smaller-scale personal project (one for the artist), whose low box office revenue necessitates another low-risk smash hit. And so the cycle continues, swinging from one end to the other.
Pop icon Charli XCX falls neatly within this dynamic. Her 2020 album How I’m Feeling Now was eclectic, experimental and deeply introspective, rapidly assembled during quarantine with little managerial oversight. Contrasting this was her 2022 album Crash, an ode to Top-40 pop whose half-year rollout was almost entirely controlled by her label. One for her, one for them, right?
Not exactly. How I’m Feeling Now was made with constant fan input and support. During the weeks of its construction, Charli frequently went on Instagram Live to ask fans for lyric suggestions, even changing lines at the behest of commenters. That’s hardly an isolated creative process. Crash, on the other hand, angered fans. Despite aiming for maximum engagement, the lack of experimentation in Charli’s music sent gay Twitter fuming. But stans weren’t the only ones enraged — in response to criticism of her single “Baby,” Charli tweeted, “Bitch BYE. I will NEVER understand what possesses people to be such C*NTS online.”
After another two-year wait, Charli is eager to distance herself from her previous album and start a new era. In an interview with “The Face,” Charli confessed, “There were songs on Crash that I would never listen to.” On Twitter, she said her new album is “the album i’ve always wanted to make.” But how convincing is her rebrand?
The first taste of Charli’s upcoming full-length is “Von Dutch,” which pitches itself as an entry to the club canon. “Cult classic, but I still pop,” go the lyrics to its insanely sticky refrain, referencing Charli’s constantly dueling desires of underground experimentation and crowd-pleasing. The synthesis of these two ideas is the song’s most-repeated phrase: “I’m your number one.” Charli accepts that the most interesting artistic path for her is one that’s self-assured — a sound that’s hers alone.
With this revelation, Charli barrels with full force to the dance floor. She chooses the structure of electronic music over pop, repeating the track’s one verse like it’s a niche vocal sample and avoiding a bridge altogether. Like the best dance tracks, the song’s instrumental hones in on a single perfect sound, growling waves of bass topped by a squealing synth. The result is a hefty headbanger, something that could get a lethargic crowd to start sweating.
Judging by “Von Dutch,” Charli seems fully committed to her new club sound. This is not a half-hearted pivot or plea for her fans to take her seriously again; this is uncharted territory. Brat, the forthcoming album that will house “Von Dutch,” is the first of Charli’s albums not to feature her likeness on the cover. Instead, a low-resolution screencap of the word “brat” over a sickly green backdrop forms the entirety of the image. For an artist so concerned with how she’s perceived, this decision is uncharacteristically fearless.
But even if she folds between now and Brat’s release, “Von Dutch” will still be all it needs to be: kerosene for the dance floor, and a perfect little gem of a track. The fact that it portends something new and exciting is just the icing on the cake.
We're an independent student-run newspaper, and need your support to maintain our coverage.
Join our weekly newsletter!
CHECK OUT OUR MOST RECENT PRINT EDITION
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: