Pop sensation Ariana Grande is set to sprinkle her star power on Charli XCX 's upcoming remix album 'Brat And It's Completely Different But Also Still Brat'.
The much-anticipated collab will see a host of A-listers contributing, with names like The 1975, Bon Iver, Lorde, Robyn, Troye Sivan, and Billie Eilish joining the mix. Sources dishing to The Sun's Bizarre column revealed Ariana's enthusiasm: "Ariana loves 'Brat' and everything Charli stands for in the industry she has been keeping a keen eye on her."
Apparently, it was a no-brainer for Ariana, as both artistes share a manager who clued her in on Charli's interest: "They share a manager and when it was mentioned to her that Charli would like her to be on the album, she jumped at the chance." The sentiment is mutual since Charli is over the moon about working with Ariana: "Charli has been a fan of hers for years, so she can't quite believe her luck that they are going to have a song together."
The reimagined record will breathe fresh life into songs from 'Brat', now with added celebrity features. Ariana's participation was hinted at through a billboard teaser in Florida recently. Charli stirred up excitement by unveiling the track-listing sans actual titles but including collaborative remakes such as '360' with Robyn and Yung Lean, 'Talk talk' with Troye Sivan, 'Von dutch' alongside Addison Rae, 'Girl, so confusing' featuring Lorde, and 'Guess' graced by Billie Eilish.
Characterising a 'Brat girl', Charli once described: "That girl who is a little messy and likes to party and maybe says some dumb things sometimes. Who feels herself but maybe also has a breakdown." Describing the album's character, the artist said: "But kind of like parties through it, is very honest, very blunt. A little bit volatile. Like does dumb things. But it's Brat. You're Brat. That's Brat."
The record was in the running for this year's Mercury Prize but ultimately didn't take home the trophy, with English Teacher's 'This Could Be Texas' snagging the win.
Asides from duetting with Charli, Ariana is set to appear on the big screen later this year in the highly-anticipated movie adaption of Wicked. The two-part film is an adaptation of the hit musical, and stars Oscar-nominated actress Cynthia Erivo as Elphaba, alongside Grammy-winning pop star Ariana, who plays Glinda. Directed by Crazy Rich Asians filmmaker Jon M Chu, Wicked also stars Oscar-winner Michelle Yeoh as Madame Morrible, Bridgerton star Jonathan Bailey as Fiyero Tigelaar and Jeff Goldblum as the Wizard of Oz.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok , Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.