Manage your account
The post Bon Iver Performs at Kamala Harris Rally in Eau Claire, Wisconsin: Watch appeared first on Consequence.
Bon Iver joined Vice President Kamala Harris for a performance at her presidential rally in Eau Claire, Wisconsin on Wednesday (August 7th).
During the hometown appearance, Justin Vernon and co. played a four-song set that included “Towers, “666 ʇ,” and “Flume.” He wrapped his performance with “The Battle Cry of Freedom,” an an abolition-era folk song, which Vernon said has been “rolling around my head these last months. I love this melody.
“We’re here for the right reasons and we all know what we are here for,” Vernon continued. “We’re gonna do our thing, make this music, and make way for the people we need to hear from.”
Watch the full rally below. Bon Iver’s performance begins around the 17:30 mark.
In addition to Bon Iver, Harris has secured rally appearances from Megan Thee Stallion and Quavo. Her campaign also immediately embraced the endorsement of Charli XCX and has gotten permission from Beyoncé to use “Freedom” as her walk-out song.
This isn’t Bon Iver’s first time performing on behalf of a presidential candidate. They previously played during several of Bernie Sanders’ rallies and fundraisers when he ran in 2016 and 2020. The group’s most recent album, i,i, was released in 2019.
The afternoon rally was the Democratic presidential nominee’s second event with her newly announced running mate, Minnesota Governor Tim Walz. Harris and Walz are slated to visit several more battleground states in the next several days, including Michigan, North Carolina, Georgia, Arizona, and Nevada.
Bon Iver Performs at Kamala Harris Rally in Eau Claire, Wisconsin: Watch Eddie Fu
Popular Posts
David Lynch Suffers from Emphysema, No Longer Able to Direct in Person
Ms. Lauryn Hill Cancels US Leg of Co-Headlining Tour with Fugees At Last Minute Without Explanation
Stray Kids Took on Lollapalooza and Emerged Triumphant: Interview + Set Recap
St. Vincent Thinks John Mayer's "Daughters" Is the Worst Song Ever Written
Aerosmith Retire from Touring Due to Steven Tyler's Vocal Injury
Bon Iver Performs at Kamala Harris Rally in Eau Claire, Wisconsin: Watch
Subscribe to Consequence’s email digest and get the latest breaking news in music, film, and television, tour updates, access to exclusive giveaways, and more straight to your inbox.