Cecilie Bahnsen's new ASICS collaboration looks like a cross between your dad's favorite running sneakers and your little sister's Mary Janes. 
Who ever would've thought the post-sneaker movement would result in a coquette dad shoe? Then again, it's Paris Fashion Week, baby — anything is possible in the city of lights and we've seen some crazy pieces of footwear hit the streets. (I'm still thinking about Feng Chen Wang's insanely chonky UGG slip-ons.)
Days after unveiling her Resort 2025 collection, Cecilie Bahnsen announced her latest link-up with ASICS. This time, the Danish designer turns her eye on the sneaker giant's GEL-QUANTUM 360 VIII, crafting the silhouette in women's sizing for the very first time. 
The result is a sexy sneaker-sandal that's not too far off from her previous ASICS collab. Both boast delicate floral detailing — but this time, Bahnsen adds Mary Jane straps to the GEL-QUANTUM 360 VIII, giving the sneaker a polished feel. Cue: "I'm So Fancy" by Charli XCX.
Unlike actual Mary Janes, Bahnsen's new ASICS’ are — gasp — comfortable. The shoes boast ASICS' DIVISION SPACE technology, so you won't have to deal with pesky blisters.
The kicks are available in two colorways. The first is outfitted with touches of juicy yellow and lime green,  finished off with black straps, while the second is laced with generous hits of Tiffany-reminiscent robin's egg blue. If you're in Paris, you can check out the shoes yourself at a pop-up at 7 Rue Froissart, open from June 20 to 22.
In the short span of Paris Fashion Week Men's, ASICS has cooked up some killer shoes. In addition to its latest Cecilie Bahnsen collab, the brand recently unveiled an abstract silhouette by the Japanese architect Kengo Kuma that can be folded like Origami. And let's not forget about these cardboard-esque ASICS GEL-KAYANO 20s, made in collaboration with Doublet, that give a whole new meaning to wearing sneakers fresh out of the box.
Who knows exactly why ASICS is running up the sneaker collaborations at PFW. Maybe it's to convince every editor scrambling for an Uber to their next show to consider lacing up a pair ASICS instead. All the shows start late anyway – why not consider going on the most stylish jog of your life? 
Titel Media GmbH (Highsnobiety), is committed to facilitating and improving the accessibility and usability of its Website, www.highsnobiety.com. Titel Media GmbH strives to ensure that its Website services and content are accessible to persons with disabilities including users of screen reader technology. To accomplish this, Titel Media GmbH tests, remediates and maintains the Website in-line with the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG), which also bring the Website into conformance with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990.
Please be aware that our efforts to maintain accessibility and usability are ongoing. While we strive to make the Website as accessible as possible some issues can be encountered by different assistive technology as the range of assistive technology is wide and varied.
If, at any time, you have specific questions or concerns about the accessibility of any particular webpage on this Website, please contact us at accessibility@highsnobiety.com, +49 (0)30 235 908 500. If you do encounter an accessibility issue, please be sure to specify the web page and nature of the issue in your email and/or phone call, and we will make all reasonable efforts to make that page or the information contained therein accessible for you.