It's giving Carrie in 'And Just Like That'
We've got the strawberries and cream in the fridge, the tennis is on the tv and we're literally doing our best impression of Kirsten Dunst in the *iconic* noughties rom-com Wimbledon. 
And as sports go, Wimbledon is seriously serving when it comes to fashion - whether it's Margot Robbie rocking polka dots, Charli XCX giving it bratitude or Zendaya giving major Tashi Duncan vibes in Ralph Lauren. 
The latest celeb proving that the best fashion is court-side? None other than Anya Taylor-Joy! The actress and fashionista has already been having a fab summer (we caught our girl living it up at Glasto with Cara Delevingne!) and now she's stunting at the tennis. 
Outfit-wise, she rocked a plunging, nude halter neck top which featured a cleavage-exposing cutout and a BDSM-lite black leather belt fastening at the neck. She paired the statement top with a black mini skirt featuring a bow embellishment and accessorised with rimless, oval sunglasses and a pair of stiletto high heels. 
But there was one detail of this outfit which *really* took it the next level: Anya's choice of bag. 
At first glance, it looked like the actress had taken her pet bird along to watch the tennis but, on closer inspection, we can tell you that she was wearing a canary clutch by none other than JW Anderson. 
And if you know your SATC lore, you'll be aware that Anya isn't the first one to fall for this quirky choice of clutch: Carrie Bradshaw rocked a similar, pigeon-themed bag by the same brand in the second season of And Just Like That.
Well, if it's good enough for Anya and Carrie, it's good enough for us!
Megan Wallace (they/them) is Cosmopolitan UK’s Former Sex and Relationships Editor covering sexual pleasure, sex toys, LGBTQIA+ identity, dating and romance. They have covered sexuality and relationships for over five years and are the founder of the PULP zine, which publishes essays on culture and sex. In their spare time, they can be found exploring the London kink scene and planning dates on Feeld. 
Kim K's nude bodysuit is *gravity-defying*
Julia Fox’s frilly knickers have bum-crack cut-out
The most revealing Met Gala naked dresses *ever*
Rosie Huntington-Whiteley is selling her wardrobe
Flo Pugh's sheer strapless gown = style switch-up
Sydney Sweeney's tiny ruffle nude corset dress =🔥
Blake Lively's corset gown = Old Hollywood glamour
Shopping Sydney Sweeney’s stripe bikini & trousers
Flo Pugh's black lace ballgown is *SO* see-through
A deep dive into Lola Young's style transformation
Shop Olivia Rodrigo's stunning Rixo dress
Maya serves sexy underboob in bikini beach snaps
Cosmopolitan, Part of the Hearst UK Fashion & Beauty Network
Cosmopolitan participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England 112955. All Rights Reserved.