Living large and living life, Hollywood style. We’re rounding up the latest in celeb lifestyle news with POP TALK! Welcome to the celebrity life!
H O M E S
Hugh Jackman Makes 2nd Attempt at Selling Triplex Condo
Hugh Jackman is attempting once again to sell his New York City property. The Hollywood superstar listed his triplex condo anew for $39M – exactly the same price he listed it for in his original posting in 2022. He originally tried to sell the jaw-dropping home after he and Debora-Lee Furness announced their divorce, but at the time was met with disappointment. 
R E L A T I O N S H I P S 
SPLIT: Joshua Jackson & Lupita Nyong’o
Joshua Jackson and Lupita Nyong’o are over. The 46-year-old Doctor Odyssey star and the 41-year-old Oscar-winning actress have ended their romance. The pair sparked split rumors in September, and Lupita confirmed the news in a new interview,”If I’m ever so lucky to be in a romantic relationship again, it’ll be because of [my cat Yoyo].”
M U S I C
S O C I A L S 
S P O T T E D
By: Michelle |
October 11, 2024

in ENTERTAINMENT, FASHION, Featured Post, GOSSIP, LIFESTYLE, MOVIES, MUSIC, TV  
Popstar! Magazine brings you the latest in celebrity, entertainment and lifestyle news from around the world. Now in our 21st year, we continue to set the standard in the ever evolving field of millennial entertainment. We pride ourselves on being your number one source for accurate information about the topics you care about, including entertainment, beauty, fashion, health, wellbeing and news. Popstar! provides high quality videos for you to binge watch and we now offer a completely free digital bonus magazine that goes in depth to provide exclusive celebrity stories that you won’t find anywhere else. Popstar’s radio station provides you with tomorrow’s pop, rock and hip-hop hits, today. Streaming music and talk radio 24/7!
Connect with Popstar! on social media to stay up to date with all of the latest news and share your feedback. We would love to hear from you!