By ANDY JEHRING 
 Published:  23:40, 11 July 2024   |  Updated:  01:47, 12 July 2024   
 26
View  comments
A rapper wore a huge chain of Queen Elizabeth II at Wimbledon yesterday in a nod to the late monarch - even though Her Majesty famously didn’t have much time for tennis.
Artist Central Cee, dressed in a black jumper and hoodie, was seen brandishing the eye-catching jewellery on Centre Court as he watched Croatian Donna Vekic battle Italian Jasmine Paolini for a place in the lady’s final.
But the Queen only ever attended the Championship three times - most recently to see Andy Murray in 2011 - as she did not enjoy the sport.
Central Cee, 26, whose real name is Oakley Neil Caesar-Su, enjoyed the match with fellow London rapper Stormzy, 30, who was wearing a black bucket hat and dark T-shirt.
Sat behind them was Charli XCX, who has performed with Stormzy and cut an edgy figure in a semi-sheer black lace dress and knee-length socks.
Central Cee (left) wore a huge chain of Queen Elizabeth II at Wimbledon yesterday in a nod to the late monarch - even though Her Majesty famously didn’t have much time for tennis
The Queen only ever attended the Championship three times - most recently to see Andy Murray in 2011 - as she did not enjoy the sport
Central Cee, 26, whose real name is Oakley Neil Caesar-Su, enjoyed the matched with fellow London rapper Stormzy , 30, who was wearing a black bucket hat and dark T-shirt
Sat behind them was Charli XCX (left), who has performed with Stormzy and cut an edgy figure in a semi-sheer black lace dress and knee-length socks
Charli XCX posed for selfies between points with R&B star Mabel, 28, daughter of Sugababes record producer Cameron McVey
Charli XCX cut an edgy figure in a semi-sheer black lace dress and knee-length socks
Charli, 31, was seen in dark sunglasses as she clapped and posed for selfies with Mabel.
While there is no formal dress code for Wimbledon spectators are expected to dress smartly, especially if they are on one of the show courts.. 
The artists were part of a star-studded crowd that featured Louise Redknapp with her new partner Drew Michael as well as Radio 1 DJ Jamie Laing and his wife, Made in Chelsea star Sophie Habboo.
Louise went public with her romance last year - her first official relationship since divorcing her footballer ex husband Jamie, 51, in 2017.
Meanwhile in the Royal Box was comedian Rob Brydon, 59, and his wife Claire as well as tennis legend Annabel Croft, 57.
Other celebrities in the crowd included Wimbledon veteran Sir Cliff Richard, Madness frontman Graham McPherson, and Game of Thrones star Harry Collett.
They watched on as Paolini defeated Vekic in a tight three-set thriller to land a spot in tomorrow’s final.
Central Cee, from Shepherd’s Bush, London, rose to prominence in 2020 with the release of hit singles Day in the Life and Loading.
Radio 1 DJ Jamie Laing and his wife, Made in Chelsea star Sophie Habboo were in the crowd
Louise Redknapp with her new partner Drew Michael were also in attendance at the match
Meanwhile in the Royal Box, comedian Rob Brydon, 59, and his wife Claire were part of the action on Centre Court
He released his first mixtape, Wild West, in 2021 which debuted at number two in the British charts.  
Meanwhile fellow rapper Stormzy won Best Grime Act at the 2014 and 2015 MOBO Awards while his first album, Gang Signs and Prayer was the first grime album to reach number one in the UK. 
He is in a relationship with Love Island presenter Maya Jama, 29.
Charlie XCX rose to prominence using social media sat Myspace in the noughties before signing with a label and has collaborated with Selena Gomez, Blondie and Shawn Mendes.
Former champion Elena Rybakina is now the favourite to lift the trophy in the women’s singles title following Saturday’s final.
However, before she gets there, she must meet former French Open winner Barbora Krejcikova to battle it out for a place in the match later in the day.
Rybakina defeated Ukraine’s Elina Svitolina during Wednesday’s quarter-final while Krejcikova also had a good win against Jelena Ostapenko.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group