Now 
76
 Sun 
81
 Mon 
82
by JANAE BOWENS | THE NATIONAL DESK
TOPICS:
WASHINGTON (TND) — Pop superstar Taylor Swift spent the week urging Americans to vote and endorsed Vice President Kamala Harris for president on Instagram. She joins a long list of A-listers using their influence in politics.
"If you are over 18, please register to vote for something else that's very important," Swift said Wednesday at the MTV Video Music Awards.
She posted her endorsement Tuesday to her nearly 300 million Instagram followers. The post has over 10 million likes.
She also shared a vote.gov link to her Instagram story which only stayed up for a limited amount of time. Vote.gov directs voters to their state election websites for state-specific voting information.
A General Services Administration spokesperson shared the logistics with the Fact Check Team and added the site only had 30,000 visitors the day before Swift shared that link.
Last September, Swift posted an Instagram story encouraging people to register to vote at vote.org.
Thanks to Swift's help, the site got 13,000 users every 30 minutes and a 115% increase in 18-year-old registrants compared to the year before.
Mindy Kaling, Charli XCX, George Clooney, Kerry Washington, Ariana Grande, Megan thee Stallion, and Barbara Streisand are also backing Harris.
Former President Donald Trump has celebrity endorsements too including Elon Musk, Hulk Hogan, Kid Rock, Jason Aldean, and Amber Rose. Trump claims Kansas City Chiefs' Patrick Mahomes' wife is a supporter even though she has not publicly endorsed him.
Celebrity endorsements can make a difference if the star is as big as Oprah Winfrey.
A study from the Journal of Law, Economics, & Organization suggests Winfrey was responsible for approximately one million additional votes for Barack Obama.
In 2008, eight million people watched her daily talk show, and an estimated 16 million people read each issue of Oprah Magazine. The study classifies Winfrey as a celebrity of "unparalleled popularity."