The pop star also voiced fears about the potential "mayhem" surrounding the upcoming election
Janet Jackson appeared to question Kamala Harris’ ethnic background in a new interview ahead of the US presidential election in November.
The pop legend – who is touring the UK and Europe over the coming weeks – was speaking with The Guardian when she offered her views on America potentially voting in its first Black female president.
“Well, you know what they supposedly said?” she responded. “She’s not Black. That’s what I heard. That she’s Indian.”
“Her father’s white, that’s what I was told. I mean, I haven’t watched the news in a few days,” she added. “I was told that they discovered her father was white.”
The interviewer clarified that the Vice President is “both” – her father Jamaican and mother Indian – while highlighting in the written profile that the most vocal in questioning the Democratic candidate’s identity tend to be Trump supporters and conspiracy theorist-adjacent.
While noting that they didn’t believe Jackson fell into that category, but rather wondered if social media algorithms might have played a part in such views, the interviewer asked Jackson if she believed America was ready for a woman of colour president.
A post shared by Janet Jackson (@janetjackson)
“I don’t know,” Jackson replied. “Honestly, I don’t want to answer that because I really, truthfully, don’t know. I think either way it goes is going to be mayhem.”
The ‘All For You’ singer reiterated that she thinks “there might be mayhem” in the transition of power, adding: “Either way it goes, but we’ll have to see.”
Other female music artists have been more vocal in their support of the Democratic presidential candidate, including Taylor Swift, Charli XCX, Beyoncé, Megan Thee Stallion and more.
Jackson, meanwhile, recently wrapped up the US leg of her ‘Together Again’ tour, and will be continuing on to 10 more cities as part of the UK and European stint – kicking off in Paris at the Accor Arena on September 25.
The UK run will also now include two London shows at the O2 on September 28 and 29. This upcoming portion of the tour will mark her first UK performance since Glastonbury 2019.
The US tour started back in April where she performed a host of hits and rarities spanning her 50-year career.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.