“I had an inkling it was coming”
Charli XCX has revealed that she was “very impressed” by the recent impression of her on Saturday Night Live.
The singer had a skit written about her on a recent episode of the hit US sketch show, which saw cast member Bowen Yang cosplay as her for a ‘Brat’-inspired performance.
Airing over the weekend, the episode saw Yang transform into the ‘360’ singer to host the ‘Talk Talk’ show. In fitting with the hit album’s aesthetic, the set was filled with bright green props, and the actor took on a British accent to talk with Troye Sivan – played by Sarah Sherman.
Now, Charli has spoken out about the skit, and revealed that she was “very impressed” by the impression Yang pulled out for the episode.
Speaking on Howard Stern’s SiriusXM channel (via Rolling Stone), she said: “I love Bowen and I honestly think he did a great job. I was very impressed with the hair texture, actually. I thought it was a really good wig. It was good, it was cool.”
She continued: “I think SNL is iconic,” Charli said. “Troye and I, we had an inkling it was coming and so we were very excited about it.”
This isn’t the first time that Charli has been involved with SNL. She made her debut on the show a decade ago, when she appeared as a musical guest back in December 2014 and performed live renditions of ‘Boom Clap’ and ‘Break The Rules’.
She would later return to the series in 2022, when she took part in an episode of March that year for a live segment that saw her sing ‘Beg For You’ and ‘Baby’.
The episode this past weekend marked the 50th season of Saturday Night Live, and featured Jelly Roll. Other musical guests for this season will include Coldplay, Stevie Nicks, Billie Eilish, and Chappell Roan.
As for other Charli news, the singer is gearing up to release her her remix version of ‘Brat’, and a number of cryptic posters have spotted, hinting at potential collaborations it may feature.
Charli XCX attends the H&M&LONDON event in 2024. (Photo by Mike Marsland/WireImage/Getty)
Signs with The 1975, Bon Iver, Tinashe, Chappell Roan and Limp Bizkit’s Fred Durst have been spotted, and other names circulating online include Madonna, Caroline Polachek, SOPHIE and Grimes.
Based on the Spotify page for the ‘Brat’ remix, it looks like the LP contains 16 songs – five of which are previously released remixes of songs from the original tracklist. So far the new edition has been previewed with ‘Von Dutch’ featuring Addison Rae, ‘Girl, So Confusing’ with Lorde, ‘360’ with Robyn and Yung Lean, ‘Guess’ with Billie Eilish, and ‘Talk Talk’ with Troye Sivan, plus a spoken contribution from Dua Lipa.
It is set for release on October 11 and can be pre-saved here.
Meanwhile, Charli XCX and Sivan are currently on the US leg of their ‘Sweat’ tour, which NME said in a five-star review saw “former pop underdogs cement their status as arena-slaying icons”.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.