Former Rep. Debbie Mucarsel-Powell of Florida, center, now a Democratic candidate for the U.S. Senate, waves from a cart as she joins hundreds of supporters of Democratic presidential nominee Vice President Kamala Harris in a golf cart parade to deliver their completed mail-in ballots, in The Villages, Fla., Monday, Oct. 14, 2024. The Villages, one of the world's largest retirement communities, has long been known as a conservative stronghold, but Democrats energized by Harris' candidacy have quietly become more visible. (AP Photo/Rebecca Blackwell)AP
This week, hundreds of residents of Central Florida’s renowned retirement community, The Villages, took part in a pro-Kamala Harris for President golf cart parade — hosting a rally at the Eisenhower Recreation Center before personally delivering their completed mail-in ballots —very likely supporting the Democrat ticket. 
According to the Villages-News, “the long line of golf carts stretched from the parking lot of the Eisenhower Recreation Center all the way to the Sumter County government building,” where the ballots were collected by the Supervisor of Elections and his staff.
Behind the outpouring of support, which took place on Monday, is Democratic candidate for U.S. Senate Debbie Mucarsel-Powell, who led the parade, and hopes to win her own election in November against incumbent U.S. Sen. Rick Scott, who she claims, “has done nothing for the people of Florida.”
Following that rally, Mucarsel-Powell took to her Instagram account and posted, “The Villages SHOWED UP!! Thanks for helping us launch our Freedom tour around Florida.”
On Monday, through his X account, Bill Madden, a self-described activist from New York City who goes by @maddenifico, with more than 261,000 followers, shared his thoughts on the turnout. 
“Huge breaking news coming out of The Villages, a historically Republican area where the line to drop off ballots right now spans over a mile long and is full of Kamala Harris and Tim Waltz supporters,” Madden said. “I don’t think you realize how big of a deal this is. The Villages is literally a Republican area. It is a retirement community made up of a lot of conservative seniors … If Democrats run up some numbers there, then Florida could easily be in play at the senate level or even on the presidential level.”
This isn’t the first golf cart rally in The Villages this political season. In August, dual rallies, one pro-Trump and the other, pro-Kamala, were held within a week of each other, and both drew hundreds of residents —despite a tropical storm warning. 
In another post to X following the rally on Monday afternoon, Bad Hombre (@joma_gc), who has about 89,000 followers on the platform, insisted that far less showed up for Monday’s rally than others had claimed, posting, “11 golf carts showed up for an early vote Kamala event in The Villages this afternoon. The campaign was estimating that over a thousand would show up. Florida is Trump country.”
But also on X, @mrssmith2018, who clearly must have seen Bad Hombre’s post responded with a video showing a stream of golf carts attending the rally, and writing, “You are a bad hombre because all you do is lie. Try a mile long caravan buddy boy.”
Hundreds of supporters of Democratic presidential nominee Vice President Kamala Harris prepare to participate in a golf cart parade to deliver their completed mail-in ballots, in The Villages, Fla., Monday, Oct. 14, 2024. The Villages, one of the world's largest retirement communities, has long been known as a conservative stronghold, but Democrats energized by Harris' candidacy have quietly become more visible. (AP Photo/Rebecca Blackwell)AP
One Villager who goes by the TikTok moniker of @MeMeGlenda5 created a video supporting Vice President Kamala Harris in her bid for the presidency (complete with a self-written jingle) —and it’s already received more than 565,000 plays and thousands of comments since it was posted just one day ago, on Tuesday. 
Explaining that it’s her “first TikTok,” @MeMeGlenda5 admits in the video that she has “no clue” what she’s doing but said of the group of women who join her in the video, “we are working hard here,” before breaking out into a song about how many days are left until the election. 
And it goes something like this —“22 days to go, 22 days to go, we won’t go back, she has us on track, 22 days to go.”
And on Wednesday, she posted another TikTok, expressing her disbelief over the amount of people who reacted to the video.
“Oh my gosh. I don’t know what happened yesterday, but this MeMeGlenda had no idea when we posted that video that anybody would see it, much less 333,000 people,” she said in the video before explaining “we can’t leave you hanging, so we had to give you the daily dose.” Then she launched into a new song, “21 days to go, 21 days to go. I can’t sing worth a dime-ala but I’m going to vote for Kamala,” —then adding, “maybe we’ll get you all the way to Election Day with this crazy song.”
In April, a rally to support Harris in The Village of Wildwood drew around 500 golf carts. One golf cart was even spotted with a “Brat” poster on the back, a term made popular by the British pop singer Charli xcx, who wrote on X, “kamala IS brat” — explaining on TikTok what it means.
“You’re just like that girl who is a little messy and likes to party and maybe says some dumb things sometimes, who feels herself but then also maybe has a breakdown but kinda parties through it. It’s very honest. It’s very blunt. Little bit volatile.”
And in September, Harris’ husband, Second Gentleman Doug Emhoff, made a campaign stop in The Villages.
With more than 150,000 residents and 70,000 households, The Villages of Florida, which spans across three Central Florida counties — Marion, Sumter and Lake — has long been considered Republican territory. 
As of Oct. 16, of the mail in ballots already submitted, Democrats have seen higher numbers in two of The Villages three counties. In Lake County, 5,593 Democrats have mailed in ballots —as compared to 5,183 Republicans. And in Marion County, 6,847 Democrats and 6,301 Republicans have already mailed their ballot. 
In Sumter County, where there are currently 73,601 registered Republicans, compared to just 24,641 registered Democrats — so far, Republicans there have cast 12,389 mail-in ballots, compared to 8,768 Democrats. Many more mail-in ballots were requested by residents but have yet to be received by voting officials.
Late last month, Villager Glen Smith told the Associated Press, “Most of our best friends are conservative. We know they are red, and they know we are blue, and we all just don’t talk about it,” while another resident added, “Democrats in The Villages has kind of become a thing.”
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices