Sabrina Carpenter's hit Espresso has outshone tracks by Charli XCX and Chappell Roan to be crowned BBC Radio 1's biggest song of 2024.
The disco-infused tune from the American pop sensation held the top spot on the UK charts for seven weeks and bagged Grammy nominations for record of the year and best pop solo performance.
British singer Charli XCX takes second place with her electronic anthem 360, from her culture-defining album Brat, which sparked the "Brat Summer" trend. She also features in sixth place on the list for her collaboration with US star Billie Eilish on Guess
.
American pop artist Roan is third with her single Good Luck, Babe!, while multi-Grammy winner Eilish lands fourth with her latest track Birds Of A Feather. Backbone by London-born rapper Stormzy and electronic duo Chase And Status, a fusion of grime and drum and bass, claims fifth.
Sonny Fodera, Jazzy and D. O.D’s Somedays ranks seventh, while Irish post-punk band Fontaines DC take eighth with Starburster. Beyonce’s successful venture into country music with Texas Hold ‘Em secures her ninth place, and Irish singer-songwriter Hozier completes the top 10 with Too Sweet.
Charli XCX makes the most appearances in the top 100 with four, reflecting the influence of the Brat Summer phenomenon. The UK boasted 54 acts in the top 100, compared with 43 from the US
.
To mark the biggest hits of the year, BBC Radio 1 broadcast a countdown showcasing the most-played and culturally significant tracks of the year.
The BBC has curated a list of the top 100 tracks, taking into account chart performance, audience engagement, and cultural impact. Radio 1's team, including presenters and staff, contributed by picking their personal favourites.
Aled Haydn Jones, Head of BBC Radio 1, expressed his enthusiasm: "We are incredibly excited to bring our listeners Radio 1’s Biggest Songs of 2024, a unique opportunity to relive the year’s most influential tracks. " He added, "This special countdown showcases not only the most played songs, but the music that has shaped the cultural and musical fabric of 2024."
He also mentioned, "With our talented presenters leading the way, it’s going to be an unforgettable celebration of a remarkable year in music."
The compilation, BBC Radio 1’s Biggest Songs Of 2024, will be accessible on BBC Sounds.
Don't miss the latest news from around Scotland and beyond - Sign up to our daily newsletter here.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.