If you listened to Taylor Swift's latest album "The Tortured Poets Department," you might have thought about Matty Healy.
Swift seemed to reference her weeks-long relationship with Healy throughout the album. The pair dated briefly between May and June 2023 after Swift split from Joe Alwyn, her partner of six years.
Like Swift, who is now dating Kansas City Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce, Healy has also moved on from their relationship. He was first linked to Gabbriette Bechtel, a model, in September 2023.
Late on Tuesday — just over a year on from Healy's high-profile split from Swift —the pair seemingly went public with their engagement on Instagram.
On Wednesday, the singer's mother, Denise Welch, confirmed the news while appearing on the panel of British talk show, "Loose Women."
"They went over to see their friends, Charli and George, in New York and I woke up this morning to the fact that they put it on Instagram!" Welch said on Wednesday's episode of the program.
Here's everything you need to know about Healy and Bechtel's relationship and engagement.
Highsnobiety reported that Bechtel — whose given name is Gabriella — was born in Orange County, California, in July 1997, to parents of Mexican and German ancestry.
Bechtel told Vogue that as a child, she wanted to become a professional ballerina, but ended up dancing in music videos when she moved to Los Angeles. From there, she launched a career as a model.
A post shared by Gabbriette B (@gabbriette)
According to Vogue, Bechtel has appeared in a variety of campaigns for brands including Heaven By Marc Jacobs and Skims. She also walked the runway for Diesel's autumn/winter 2023 fashion show.
Outside modeling, Bechtel also makes cooking content that she posts on Instagram. She told Vogue that her parents influenced her love of cooking.
"Family meals were a big part of our life, we'd sit down together after school without our phones and talk about our day, and the cooking process was always a big part of that," Bechtel told Vogue.
Bechtel is also the lead vocalist of the band Nasty Cherry, which was formed by Charli XCX and was the subject of a Netflix original series titled "I'm With The Band." Nasty Cherry hasn't released music since 2021, and Bechtel confirmed that the band had broken up due to challenges posed by the pandemic.
"We couldn't do anything together, we couldn't tour our second EP, and we weren't able to make music together because we were all in different places in the world. So we just decided that it wasn't going to work out anymore," she told Highsnobiety.
"I miss it all the time. It ended too abruptly."
In September 2023, People published photos of Healy and Bechtel kissing in SoHo in New York City. At the time, the publication reported that their connection was unclear — but that they both had a mutual friend in Charli XCX, who is engaged to The 1975 drummer George Daniel.
At first, the pair were quiet about the nature of their relationship and have never explicitly confirmed it. However, Healy's mother once interacted with Bechtel on Instagram after Bechtel posted a photo of herself in a thong and a leather apron from her collaboration with R&M Leathers.
"That's exactly how I hope to look in mine when it arrives!!" Healy's mother, Denise Welch, replied, accompanied by three thumbs up and heart emoji.
Bechtel also made a cameo on Welch's Instagram account, appearing in a photo with Welch, Healy, and his younger brother Louis. The three saw Welch's play, "The Gap," and she wrote in the caption of the post that it was "lovely to have the family in to see mum at work."
A post shared by Denise Welch (@denise_welch)
Bechtel alluded to her relationship with Healy in her March interview with Highsnobiety, saying that she wasn't bothered by the attention.
"I don't give a shit. I think it's hilarious. Go for it. Have fun. People have a lot to say," she told the publication. "You don't know me at all."
A post shared by Gabbriette B (@gabbriette)
In a series of photos uploaded to Instagram on June 1, Bechtel can be seen wearing a black diamond ring on the third finger of her left hand.
While the 26-year-old made no reference to the previously unseen piece of jewelry in her caption of the post, her followers immediately began to speculate in the comments section that Healy, 35, had proposed.
Just under two weeks later, Betchel seemingly confirmed the rumors while she and Healy attended a Charli XCX concert in New York City by posting a close-up photo of a left hand wearing the same black stone ring.
"Marrying The 1975 is very brat @trumanblack," she wrote over the photo, tagging Healy's account and referencing Charli XCX's new album title "Brat."
Healy also reshared the post to his own account.
It was unclear at first if the post was an announcement or a joke, until  the British musician's mother announced the news on "Loose Women," a UK talk show, the following day.
She said that she's "known for a few weeks now," appearing to confirm that the couple got engaged sometime before June, adding that Healy had the ring custom-made.
"Black diamond, he had it made for her," Welch said. "I couldn't be more thrilled."
"She is everything that I would want in a daughter-in-law," she added.
A representative for Healy did not immediately respond to a request for comment from Business Insider.
Jump to