Advertisement
Set to the Beyoncé anthem Freedom, the ad emphasizes liberty, diversity and justice while subtly criticizing Donald Trump’s criminal record.

                July 25, 2024 | 6 min read
            


                        Listen to article
                    
4 min

Today, the US’s presumed Democratic presidential nominee, Kamala Harris, unveiled her first official campaign ad.
The one-minute spot, titled ‘We Choose Freedom,’ is set to Beyoncé’s 2016 hit Freedom and highlights her vision of a just and free America. It opens with a series of dynamic visuals, from kitchen workers to a woman in a hard hat and a young family biking together.
Meanwhile, Harris’s voiceover paints a picture of her aspirations for the nation: “The freedom not just to get by, but to get ahead. The freedom to be safe from gun violence. The freedom to make decisions about your own body. We choose a future where no child lives in poverty. Where we can all afford healthcare. Where no one is above the law. We believe in the promise of America, and we’re ready to fight for it. Because when we fight, we win.”
Her words are complemented by clips from campaign rallies and scenes of everyday Americans, reflecting the country’s rich diversity, from an Asian man at work in a restaurant to an elderly Latina woman embracing a young girl.
In a pointed yet subtle move, the spot also features one of Donald Trump’s mugshots. While Harris does not directly name the former president, she criticizes those who “think we should be a country of chaos, of fear, of hate,” as the screen cuts to footage of Trump and his running mate, Ohio senator JD Vance. The imagery is accompanied by headlines detailing Trump’s recent 34 felony convictions.
Beyoncé, who reportedly gave Harris permission to use her music on the campaign trail, is not the only pop star who has publicly endorsed Harris. Charli XCX, the British hyperpop artist behind the memeified Brat summer trend, announced on X this week that “Kamala is brat.”
Soon thereafter, the Harris campaign’s official account on X was adorned with a Brat-inspired lime green header image and a bio blurb reading “Providing context,” a reference to the now-ubiquitous ‘coconut tree’ memes.
Advertisement
The ad has been met with positive reactions on social media, with one user stating that its song choice helps Kamala position her candidacy ”as a synonym for freedom itself,” suggesting that the ad helps viewers “get a true sense of Harris’ vision for America.”
Kamala’s ad featuring “Freedom” by Beyoncé is so perfect for this moment and it will resonate for a number of reasons.
First of all, Kamala is clearly establishing her candidacy as a synonym for freedom itself.
Advertisement
This part right here blew me away. pic.twitter.com/xUcB714rhg
— Renee (@PettyLupone) July 25, 2024
Catch up on the most important stories of the day, curated by our editorial team.
Stay up to date with a curated digest of the most important marketing stories and expert insights from our global team.
Learn how to pitch to our editors and get published on The Drum.
The ad’s release follows Harris’s announcement of her presidential bid and President Biden’s decision to withdraw from the 2024 race aid concerns about his fitness and mental acuity. Harris quickly shattered fundraising records, amassing over $81m in just 24 hours after Biden’s endorsement.
The California-born politician and attorney held her first presidential rally in Wisconsin on Wednesday, where she framed her campaign as a choice between “freedom” and “chaos.”
While this is Harris’s first official campaign ad, she has also received support from the Women Vote super PAC. Owned by the abortion rights organization Emily’s List, the political action committee released a 30-second ad titled ‘Kamala Harris for President: The Time is Now,’ which criticizes Trump’s role in the reversal of Roe v Wade and attacks his stance on reproductive rights.
Seeking more creative campaigns? Check out our Ad of the Day section and sign up for our Ads of the Week newsletter so you don’t miss a story.
Marketing can change the world.

        © Carnyx Group Ltd 2025 | The Drum is a Registered Trademark and property of Carnyx Group Limited. All rights reserved.