2paragraph News: News, Politics, Entertainment, TV, Celebrity, Culture
by Sofi Jurjevic in Culture | October 25, 2024
Olivia Wilde, photo: Cristiano Del Riccio, CC BY 2.0, via Wikimedia Commons
Hollywood movie star and director Olivia Wilde (Babylon, Booksmart, Don’t Worry Darling) turned heads at the Academy Museum gala in Los Angeles in a stunning sheer green lace corset with a full skirt and pockets.
The “skeletal cocktail dress with exploded skirt volume in green embroidered lace” is from fashion label Erdem’s Spring/Summer 2025 collection. 
A post shared by ERDEM (@erdem)
Wilde told Erdem that she’s “Never had more compliments on a dress in my life. The pockets!”
Wilde’s fans, famous friends and fashionistas are going wild over that dress. Supermodels Linda Evangelista and Naomi Campbell replied with sparkling stars and applauding hands emojis. 
A post shared by Olivia Wilde Access (@oliviawildeaccess)
Get ready to see more of Wilde: she’s filming the upcoming provocative thriller I Want Your Sex with Cooper Hoffman (son of the late actor Philip Seymour Hoffman) and pop star Charli XCX (Brat). 
In I Want Your Sex, Wilde plays a famous artist who hires a young man (Hoffman) to work for her. He eventually becomes her sexual muse and is led “into a world of sex, obsession, power, betrayal and murder.” 
Wilde also stars in the upcoming short film thriller, Clay Bodies, with Isabella Fuhrmann (Orphan, The Hunger Games). Fuhrmann plays the protagonist, an artist at a secluded artist retreat who finds a new source of inspiration. Wilde plays her mom. 
A post shared by Rebecca Romanek Holstein (@bex_holstein)
Fun fact: Wilde’s real life daughter, Daisy Sudeikis, plays the younger version of Fuhrmann’s character. Rebecca Romanek Holstein (seen above, an associate producer on Wilde’s Don’t Worry Darling) wrote the script and directs.
Jennifer Lawrence Stuns in Off-Shoulder Shirt Dress After Baby #2 Announcement
Jennifer Lawrence, photo: Dominick D, CC BY-SA 2.0, via Wikimedia Commons
Load More

© 2012-2024, 2paragraphs Productions, LLC