By Natalie Oganesyan 
Weekend Editor

	Pop stars Charli XCX and Taylor Swift have squashed fan speculation of their feud, which is largely rooted in the lyrics of Brat song “Sympathy is a Knife.”

	“People are gonna think what they want to think,” the British singer-songwriter and DJ said in a new New York Magazine cover story. “That song is about me and my feelings and my anxiety and the way my brain creates narratives and stories in my head when I feel insecure and how I don’t want to be in those situations physically when I feel self-doubt.”

	Chatter about the music industry peers’ relationship can be traced back to when the “365” singer first toured with Swift in 2018 for the latter’s Reputation stadium tour. The following year, when reflecting on the experience, she told Pitchfork that it “felt like I was getting up on stage and waving to 5-year-olds.” (She apologized afterward.) 

	










			Watch on Deadline		







	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	













	News
	



	
		
					Charli XCX Exchanges Playful Digs With Green Day During Coachella		
			















	Casting
	



	
		
					Rosanna Arquette, Alexander Skarsgard & Trew Mullen Board Charli XCX-Led Feature 'The Moment'		
			







	Prior to Brat‘s smash release this summer, Charli took to social media to issue a “brat psa” on TikTok telling fans that there were no “diss tracks” on the album. (“Girl, so confusing” was later confirmed to be about Lorde, who appeared on a popular remix of the track.) However, this has not stopped fans from reading into lyrics like “I couldn’t even be her if I tried” and “Don’t wanna see her backstage at my boyfriend’s show / Fingers crossed behind my back / I hope they break up quick,” which many have theorized is an allusion to Swift’s brief relationship with 1975 frontman Matty Healy and Charli’s drummer fiancé George Daniel.

	For her part, Swift told the magazine, “I’ve been blown away by Charli’s melodic sensibilities since I first heard ‘Stay Away’ in 2011. Her writing is surreal and inventive, always. She just takes a song to places you wouldn’t expect it to go, and she’s been doing it consistently for over a decade. I love to see hard work like that pay off.”

	Back in June, Charli defended Swift against hate chants levied at her during a set she did in São Paulo, with fans shouting “Taylor is dead!” in response to the Grammy winner’s surprise deluxe reissue of The Tortured Poets Department, which they felt stole the No. 1 spot on the UK chart that was poised for Brat.

	“Can the people who do this please stop,” Charli said at the time. “Online or at my shows. It is the opposite of what I want and it disturbs me that anyone would think there is room for this in this community. I will not tolerate it.”

	










	When asked by the interviewer if she considered leaving out the line about being backstage,” Charli answered, “No. You do the silence game. But I know that well — where you go silent and want me to talk more. But I don’t care about it being awkward. We’ll sit in silence.”
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.