By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

	All products and services featured are independently chosen by editors. However, StyleCaster may receive a commission on orders placed through its retail links, and the retailer may receive certain auditable data for accounting purposes.
It’s time to celebrate the UK’s biggest night in music! You won’t miss this year’s exciting event featuring electric performances and appearances from star-studded British and international musicians. Read on to learn how to watch the BRIT Awards in the US for free.
Created in 1977, the BRIT Awards with Mastercard are an annual music awards ceremony in the UK. The ceremony celebrates the biggest successes in the music industry and promotes new talent. Proceeds from the show are donated to the BRIT Trust, the charitable organization of the BPI that has donated over £25 million to philanthropic causes in the UK. Mastercard has served as the show’s headline partner for 26 years.

 








Related Stories This Firming Butt & Thigh Cream Makes Skin ‘Feel Tighter’ With Dedicated Use The Only ‘Ready-to-Wear’ Wig Brand Worth Your Time & Money 
The 2025 BRIT Awards are taking place at the O2 arena in London. Artists like Sam Fender, JADE, Teddy Swims, Shaboozey and Myles Smith will perform at the ceremony. Sabrina Carpenter will kick off the ceremony, and Charli XCX has the most nominations.
Want to watch the BRIT Awards from the States and don’t know how to tune in? Find out how to stream the popular British award show in the US with a few simple options.
The BRIT Awards air on Saturday, March 1, 2025, at 8:15 p.m. GMT in the UK, which is Saturday, March 1, 2025, at 3:15 p.m. ET in the United States.
How can Americans watch the BRIT Awards in the US? The BRIT Awards is available to stream on ITV. To watch the show in the US, however, Americans will need a VPN (virtual private network), a service that allows users to set their computer’s location to another country and access websites that would otherwise be restricted by location. The most popular VPNs are ExpressVPN, NordVPN, AtlasVPN, and Pure VPN, all of which offer a 30-day-money-back guarantee. Keep on reading ahead to find out how to sign up for them to watch the BRIT Awards in the US.
ExpressVPN is one of the most popular VPN services, and the one we recommend above all others for a simple reason. The service—which allows users to set their location to more than 160 locations in 90 countries with unlimited bandwidth—offers a 30-day-money-back guarantee. ExpressVPN also has a current deal where users can subscribe for $6.67 per month with three months free for 12 months. Without any deals, ExpressVPN costs $12.95 per month for its monthly plan and $9.99 per month for its six-month plan. Each plan includes a 30-day-money-back guarantee.

 









Express VPN—which takes about five minutes to set up—also promises lightning-quick connectivity, 24-hour live-chat support and allows users to connect to any device, from computers to phones to tablets. Of course, users can do more than watch international events and shows in the US with a VPN. VPNs also allow users to access international versions of Netflix, Disney Plus and HBO Max (which have different content than in the US) as well as stream international services like Hayu, which has access to programs like the Real Housewives, Below Deck, The Bachelor and hundreds of other reality TV shows.
Read on for step-by-step instructions on how to watch the BRIT Awards in the US with ExpressVPN.
AtlasVPN—which offers a 30-day-money-back guarantee—costs $11.99 per month for a monthly plan, $3.29 per month for a yearly plan, and $1.64 per month for a two-year plan with an extra six months free. AtlasVPN offers more than 1,000 high-speed VPN servers, unlimited devices, 24/7 support, WireGuard protocol and passwordless login. Read on for step-by-step instructions on how to watch the BRIT Awards in the US with AtlasVPN.
Nord VPN is another popular VPN service recommended by YouTubers like PewDiePie, Casey Neistat and Philip DeFranco. The service—which offers a 30-day-money-back guarantee—costs $12.99 per month for a Standard monthly plan; $4.49 per month for a Standard one-year plan, with three extra months free; and $2.99 per month for a Standard two-year plan with three extra months free. Along with access to more than 59 countries, NordVPN also allows users to connect to multiple devices (from computers to phones to tablets) and offers 24-hour live-chat support. Read on for step-by-step instructions for how to watch the BRIT Awards in the US with NordVPN. 

 









Another popular VPN service is Pure VPN, which offers a 31-day-money-back guarantee. PureVPN’s Max plans cost $20.45 per month for a monthly plan, $4.96 per month with three extra months free for a one-year plan, and $3.44 per month with three months free for a two-year plan. Pure VPN offers more than 6,5000 servers in over 78 countries across the world, as well as 24-hour live-chat support. Read on for step-by-step instructions for how to watch the BRIT Awards in the US with PureVPN.
Comedian Jack Whitehall will be hosting the 2025 BRIT Awards after he previously hosted the show in 2018, 2019, 2020 and 2021.

 









“They say that absence makes the heart grow fonder, and that is absolutely the case with The BRIT Awards,” Whitehall said in a statement. “It is my favorite night of the year, and I am delighted to be invited back to host in 2025.”
Charli XCX leads nominations this year with her sensational album Brat with five nominations. More than 70 artists are nominated for the 2025 BRIT Awards. 
Artist of the year
Group of the year
 









Album of the year
Song of the year
Best new artist
International artist of the year
International group of the year
International song of the year
Best alternative/rock act
Best hip-hop/grime/rap act
Best dance act
Best pop act
Best R&B act
 









Rising star
Global Success Award
Songwriter of the Year
Producer of the Year
By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.