Agenda-setting intelligence, analysis and advice for the global fashion community.
The essential daily round-up of fashion news, analysis, and breaking news alerts.Plus, access one complimentary BoF Professional article of your choice, each month.
Our newsletters may include 3rd-party advertising, by subscribing you agree to the Terms and Conditions & Privacy Policy.
H&M scrapped its margin target for 2024 as higher discounting, costs and fierce competition hurt operating profit in the third quarter, denting shares in the world’s second-biggest listed fashion retailer.
The Swedish retailer had cautioned in June that factors such as material costs made the 2024 target harder to reach, but ditching the goal with no new margin guidance for next year increases the pressure on CEO Daniel Erver to accelerate the turnaround.
H&M said a strong Swedish crown and costs related to shutting down its online fashion outlet Afound hurt profit, and that the cost of markdowns had increased over the quarter.
It has also boosted marketing spending, hiring pop star Charli XCX, for example, for a London Fashion Week party launching its Autumn/Winter collection, as part of Erver’s strategy to elevate the brand.
ADVERTISEMENT
H&M’s operating margin for the first three quarters was 7.4 percent, with a third-quarter margin of 5.9 percent. The last year H&M produced a double-digit operating margin was 2017, and Erver said 10 percent remained a long-term goal.
“The growth rates were widely expected so shouldn’t be a huge surprise but the margin weakness will continue to disappoint,” said Bernstein analyst William Woods.
Shares in H&M dropped 8 percent at the open before paring losses to trade down 3.2 percent by 09:40 GMT.
It has struggled to compete against its bigger Spanish rival Zara, owned by Inditex, and cut-price online fast-fashion retailer Shein, amid high inflation and weak consumer demand.
H&M said it would buy back shares worth 1 billion Swedish crowns ($98 million), from Sept. 26 to Nov. 26. The shares have lagged Inditex’s over the past years and are down 5 percent so far this year.
Erver defended his plan, saying H&M was “raising the bar” and strengthening its brand by investing in marketing, products, and the shopping experience.
“It is an investment to create excitement around the H&M brand,” he told Reuters in an interview. “We will continue this effort throughout the fourth quarter and then we will evaluate and decide how we play it into 2025.”
H&M said its autumn collection was very well received and that it expects September sales to rise by 11 percent in local currencies compared with the same period last year.
ADVERTISEMENT
The retailer has been on a marketing blitz for the collection, hosting 12 events in eight cities overall, including the London launch, to market the clothes.
H&M, which does not publish granular figures on marketing, said spending in the fourth quarter would be “a little higher” than the third quarter.
“Charli XCX doesn’t come cheap,” said Woods.
H&M said the cost of markdowns would be “somewhat” higher in the fourth quarter.
“The customer is still very price sensitive,” Erver said, adding that the company has to do some “tactical” discounting to attract shoppers.
Its stocks of clothing increased to 17.8 percent of rolling 12-month sales, up from 17.1 percent a year ago and 16.3 percent in the previous quarter, due to transport disruptions caused by insecurity in the Red Sea as well as “more aggressive” buying ahead of the autumn collection, Erver said. He added that H&M was committed to its long term inventory goal of 12-14 percent of sales.
Operating profit for the third quarter undershot analysts’ forecasts, at 3.51 billion Swedish crowns against 4.74 billion a year ago.
Thursday’s earnings report was only the second under Erver, a long-time company insider who took the helm in late January after the sudden resignation of his predecessor.
ADVERTISEMENT
Its results contrasted with Inditex which earlier this month reported a jump in sales of its Autumn/Winter collection after a sluggish summer, while Britain’s Next raised its profit forecast on the back of better than expected recent trading.
By Marie Mannes and Helen Reid; Editing by Terje Solsvik, Stephen Coates and Emelia Sithole-Matarise
In an exclusive interview, CEO Daniel Ervér outlined his strategy to turn the Swedish fast-fashion giant’s greatest weakness – its positioning above Shein but below Zara in the category’s pricing hierarchy – into a strength. It all kicks off with a collection due out next month.
The fast fashion giant occupies a shrinking middle ground between Shein and Zara. New CEO Daniel Ervér can lay out the path forward when the company reports quarterly results this week.
The company surprised investors with the announcement that H&M brand head Daniel Ervér will takeover from outgoing chief Helena Helmersson.
© 2025 The Business of Fashion. All rights reserved. For more information read our Terms & Conditions
Few words are more overused in fashion, but the ones who do it right foster genuine customer loyalty and extraordinarily high levels of engagement, writes Imran Amed.
The shiny new storefront on Amazon Luxury did not distract investors this week from Saks Global’s deteriorating liquidity problem.
The department store is searching for a permanent CEO replacement after Kohl’s Corp.’s board discovered Ashley Buchanan, who had joined Kohl’s in January, had directed millions of company dollars to his then-undisclosed romantic partner.
China’s total e-commerce shipping plunged 65 percent by volume in the first three months of the year, but rose 28 percent in Europe.
The essential daily round-up of fashion news, analysis, and breaking news alerts.Plus, access one complimentary BoF Professional article of your choice, each month.
Our newsletters may include 3rd-party advertising, by subscribing you agree to the Terms and Conditions & Privacy Policy.