We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
As the Doctor Who star prepared to attend last night's H&M's London Fashion Week party, Esquire asked him about his favourite places and how he'd make the most of the TARDIS
Ncuti Gatwa might be Team South London, but when I receive his call, he's in north. At the Ama Hair Salon in Tottenham, to be specific, which he considers to be “the best afro salon in London”.
It's back to black for the reigning Doctor, who's been having a blonde moment.
“If you could see me now, Joseph,” the Rwandan-Scottish actor says before bursting into laughter. “I've got this, like, bib thing around me!”.
His appointment is in preparation for H&M&London – the unofficial Opening Ceremony of September 2024's London Fashion Week, which took place last night.
When we speak, he's ready for action. Ready to dance the night away in Stratford's Copper Box Arena to the electric sounds of H&M's latest ambassador Charli XCX, as she waved farewell to Brat Summer. She was joined by Jamie XX, who was toasting to a new era of his own (our resident music man, Henry Wong, recently interviewed the musician/DJ about his soon-to-drop album, In Waves). 
This is not a random brand tie-in for Ncuti. His relationship with the Scandi retailer goes way back.
“I feel like it kind of raised me, I feel like it raised us all. I started shopping at H&M when I was like, what, sixteen. I used to always get the David Beckham boxers,” he says, laughing once more. “That was the start of my love affair with H&M.”
Alas, the Beckham Bodywear is all out of stock. Instead, he's wearing bits from the just-launched, very tasteful autumn/winter 2024 season.  
“Every piece is from the new collection,” Gatwa confirms. “I'm going to wear some high-waisted wide-leg pants. And then there's this sparkly dress that I've cut in half to make into a top. So, yeah, I've done a bit of arts and crafts with the new collection.” 
This is a typical red carpet look for Gatwa, a norm-breaking tastemaker in touch with his inner magpie. Take the custom silver chest-plate crafted by Cameron Hancock that he wore to the Oscars After Party earlier this year – a look that went platinum on social media. Or the sequinned shorts he wore with a white cape, matching cut-out top and cowboy hat to the London Barbie premiere last summer.
Sartorially speaking, he likes to make the most of being outside. He admits to being “a bit of a hermit”. 
“I just love chilling at my home in south London.”
But say this Time Lord had his TARDIS, where would he go? What would he do?
Gatwa reveals his favourite haunts to Esquire, as well as the eras he'd travel back and forward in time to.
Food spot in London: “I've just found a new one in Greenwich called Angle Ninety – it does high-style Nigerian food. The jollof bangs. The suya bangs. The lamb cutlets bang. It's just a little spot that does great food, and I think they do events there too. But also, honourable mention to Borough Market.”
Food spot in Scotland: “My mum's kitchen.”
Art gallery: “I like the National Portrait Gallery and I like the V&A.”
Museum: “The Natural History Museum. I need to go back there. I've only been there once and it was f****** amazing.”
International holiday destination: “Rio de Janeiro. I love Brazil and Rio is an incredible place.”
Staycation: “Maybe Devon? I like Devon and I like Cornwall. They're beautiful places: colourful houses; beautiful scenery. I just shot a film in Devon called The Roses and I definitely want to go back.”
Pamper spot: “I've got to give you three: 1) Ama Hair Salon, 2) for massages – OK now we're going boujee – The Corinthia, and 3) Omorovicza [The Spa at Liberty]. I like to pamper myself! We've all got to look after ourselves!”
Concert venue: “Principality Stadium in Cardiff – I went to see Beyoncé there twice. Other than that, I do like a night at Ronnie Scotts.”
Cinema: “There's one in Notting Hill where they've got like sofas and they've got a chandelier. That place is nuts. What's it called? That's it! Electric Cinema!” 
Park: “Hilly Fields. And then head up to Blackheath.” 
Any destination in the past: “Ancient Egypt.”
Any set in entertainment history: “Maybe The Matrix. To see all the pods.”
Year: “I would want to go 200 years into the future. I would want to see how we've done. I would want to see if we had sorted out climate change. I would want to see if we have sorted out all the world conflicts. And I would want to see if we've kept AI under control.”
The H&M autumn/winter 2024 is now available in-store and online.
Malcolm Washington Plays His Own Tune
Jack Lowden Plays the Part at the Emmys
Wizkid on LV, Pharrell and His New Album, Morayo
In Versace, Andrew Scott Makes His Met Gala Debut
Damson Idris Is Dressing Up and Driving Fast
Skepta is Bringing the Magic
Matt Bomer: "I Just Hit the F*ck It Button"
Andrew Scott on Louis Vuitton & Vintage Clothes
Luther Ford: "I'm New to the Fashion Game"
Daryl McCormack's Red Carpet Prada Look
Getting Dressed With Malachi Kirby 
Getting Dressed With Matt Smith
ESQUIRE, PART OF THE HEARST UK FASHION & BEAUTY NETWORK
We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England. All Rights Reserved.