E-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
to submit an obituary

Deadlines:


Monday-Friday 8:30am-4:00pm, Call 610-915-2226


(Proofs will be provided for accuracy only, they will not be styled/formatted like the finished product)


Obituaries submitted on Saturday, Sunday and Holidays are accepted from 8:30 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. by email only Obit@delcotimes.com


(No proofs will be furnished. Pricing will not be available until the next business day after 10:00am by calling Dianne at 610-915-2226)


Obituaries received after Deadline will not be published in the following edition of the paper.


Sending Procedure:


Email is the preferable method for receiving Obituaries (and the only method on Saturday, Sunday and Holidays), they can be sent to Obit@delcotimes.com (Feel free to call and confirm that we’ve received the email)


Formatting:


Obituaries will continue to visually look the same as they currently do, but you will no longer be restricted in what you can say (ex. As much Family can be listed as you’d like; Wording like “Went to rest with the Lord” is now permissible)


Other:


There is a cost for each obituary. Pricing and payments are only available Monday through Friday, 8:30 am to 4:00 pm. All weekend and holiday submissions will be provided a cost the next business day.


Exceptions:


All New accounts, Out of State Funeral Homes and Private Parties will require prepayment upon approval of the obituary. Weekend and Holiday staff are not authorized to set up a new account or process payments


Deadline for the above is before 4:00 PM Mon – Fri. only (Holiday schedules may vary).


Prepayment required submissions will be handled on the very first business day following the weekend and/or holiday schedule. A complete name, address and best contact phone number are required upon submittal of your obituary request to set up your account. A proof will then be emailed for review but placed on hold until payment is received.

Sign up for email newsletters
E-Edition

			TRENDING:		
Charli XCX is opening up about the toll that touring has taken on her body.
The chart-topping singer-songwriter revealed this week she suffered nerve damage while performing her latest co-headlining Sweat Tour with Troye Sivan.
“I find the stage — especially these days — to be a very angry place for me,” the 32-year-old shared in an interview with Variety. “I’ve done a lot of physical damage to my body from performing, and I’m often in a lot of pain when I perform. Physically, I have nerve damage in my neck from things I’ve done on the stage.”
“For me to give a performance that I feel is good enough, I have to really physically throw myself around,” she continued, but added the pain she endures in the process is “kind of this hell hole.”
The Grammy nominee admits she rarely gets enough rest, particularly in the wake of her sixth studio album, “Brat,” becoming one of the biggest hits of the summer.
But despite the physical strain of touring, which the British singer says she also finds “really hard emotionally,” Charli’s not pressing pause on live performing.
On the heels of scoring seven nominations for the 2025 Grammy Awards, she announced a handful of new tour dates coming next spring.
Her Brat 2025 Arena Tour will kick off April 22 in Austin before concluding at Barclays Center in Brooklyn on May 4.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group