ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA - DECEMBER 03: Billie Eilish attends the Academy Museum of Motion Pictures ... More 3rd Annual Gala Presented by Rolex at Academy Museum of Motion Pictures on December 03, 2023 in Los Angeles, California. Billie Eilish's “L’Amour De Ma Vie” from her latest album Hit Me Hard and Soft, debuts on the U.K.'s songs chart for the first time, giving her another quick smash. (Photo by Emma McIntyre/Getty Images for Academy Museum of Motion Pictures )
Billie Eilish has several singles going strong on the U.K. songs chart at the moment. As one of her own smashes keeps her album afloat, a possible future next focus track is also still performing well, as is a recent high-profile collaboration. Amidst much success, the singer-songwriter collects another hit, as listeners in the country can’t seem to get enough of her latest collection.
“L’Amour De Ma Vie” debuts on the U.K.’s songs chart this week. The tune launches at No. 96 on the 100-slot tally, which tracks the most-consumed cuts in the country, blending sales and streaming activity.
That tune is the fifth from Eilish’s new album Hit Me Hard and Soft to reach the songs chart in the United Kingdom. It follows behind both of the set’s lead singles, as well as two other tracks that became popular enough to land on the list, at least for a short time.
The Official Charts Company utilizes a rule that states that each artist can only fill three spaces on the ranking of the most-consumed tunes across the pond at one time. Eilish sees three of her Hit Me Hard and Soft songs carve out space on the roster, while a fourth single, on which she serves as a featured artist, also holds on once more.
This week, Eilish’s biggest hit in the U.K. is “Guess,” her collaboration with Charli XCX. That reworking of the latter musician’s originally solo dance-pop smash is steady at No. 12. It has now spent 10 weeks on the list, and it opened at No. 1.
Eilish’s own current single “Birds of a Feather” slips slightly on the same ranking. This week, it falls to No. 19, after once peaking at No. 2. “Wildflower,” which may soon earn a moment in the spotlight as the third official promotional track from Hit Me Hard and Soft, based on its performance, slides back one slot from its all-time high to No. 21.
Only one other song from Eilish’s third full-length has managed to reach the U.K.’s singles chart. “Chihiro” once rose as high as No. 7, and it held on for nine weeks, starting from this spring, when the project and its tracks were brand new.