By Nellie Andreeva 
Co-Editor-in-Chief, TV

Jermaine Fowler has been tapped as a lead opposite Tracy Morgan in Paramount+ new multi-camera comedy series Crutch, an offshoot from CBS’ long-running sitcom The Neighborhood. 

	Developed by Owen Smith, who will serve as showrunner, Crutch centers on Francois “Frank” Crutchfield (Morgan), who goes by “Crutch,” is a brash, yet beloved Harlem shop owner whose world is turned upside down when his highbrow son (Fowler) and free-spirited daughter move back into the family home.

	Fowler’s Jake Crutchfield is an Ivy League educated lawyer who forgoes a high-paying position at a swanky, white shoe law firm to provide low-cost legal aid in Harlem.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	













	News
	



	
		
					2025 Premiere Dates For New & Returning Series On Broadcast, Cable & Streaming		
			















	News
	



	
		
					Paramount+ Boards BBC Comedy 'Can You Keep A Secret?' Starring Dawn French & Craig Roberts		
			







The Neighborhood star Cedric the Entertainer and Eric C. Rhone executive produce Crutch via A Bird and a Bear along with Smith, Aaron Kaplan for Kapital Entertainment; Wendi Trilling for TrillTV; and Morgan. The series is produced by CBS Studios and distributed by Paramount Global Content Distribution.




			Watch on Deadline		






	This marks Fowler’s return to CBS Studios which cast the actor-comedian in one of his first lead roles on the studio’s CBS comedy series Superior Donuts. Fowler can be seen in Amazon’s Ricky Stanicky with John Cena, Zac Efron & William H. Macy. Last year, he starred in Tim Story’s The Blackening, which premiered at Tribeca Film Festival, and can also be seen in FX/Hulu’s limited series A Murder At the End of the World with Emma Corrin & Clive Owen. Coming up for him are Faces Of Death opposite Dacre Montgomery, Barbie Ferreira & Charli XCX, and the arachnophobia horror movie Sting coming out later this year. 
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.