All products featured on Architectural Digest are independently selected by our editors. However, we may receive compensation from retailers and/or from purchases of products through these links.
Welcome to another edition of the Drop List, where we, self-proclaimed shopping obsessives, give you the lowdown on the most highly anticipated new products and intriguing launches of the past month. We hope you’ll think of this as a one-stop shop to discover your new favorite brand, an emerging designer, or a fun collaboration straight out of the gate. (And if you’re craving even more Clever content, don’t forget to sign up for our newsletter.)
September 3, 2024 — High-end Japanese loungewear brand Gelato Pique, whose past collaborators include Eames, Snoopy, and girl group Le Sserafim, released a charming collection of Miffy- and Boris-inspired sleep essentials with Dick Bruna last month. There’s lots of brightly colored prints, adorably plush slippers, and even character pouches in the capsule—but this neutral matching set featuring Miffy or Boris ears has really opened our hearts (and wallets).
Gelatopique
September 10, 2024 — Here’s something if you’re gearing up for that long-awaited getaway. Monos and Sincerely Jules teamed up last month to take some of the guesswork out of packing for extended trips. Reimagining Monos’ travel staples in two luxurious colorways—cactus green and mocha brown—the collection of packing cubes, hard-shell luggages, and carry-on bags is sure to turn heads at the airport.
Monos
September 16, 2024 — Schoolhouse partnered with fashion guru Clare V. to bring us a stunning capsule of easy-to-style furniture and home decor staples. The offerings include sleek light fixtures, patterned soft goods, and eye-catching furniture pieces—like this striped sofa we imagine you'll want to design your whole living room around.
Schoolhouse
September 16, 2024 — Perfect for the bathroom and beyond, The Spot is Quiet Town’s latest innovation in organization that doesn't sacrifice style. Available in three color options, the perforated steel wall organizer is designed to let each buyer affix the removable baskets and hooks however they please. Plus, extra accessories are available for purchase should you want even more space for your bath products and skin-care must-haves.
Quiet Town
September 19, 2024 — If your desk or bookcase is looking a little dull these days, the newest collaboration from Aesop and Bocci should help. Last month, the brands unveiled a limited-edition portable light available for purchase at select stores in the US and Canada. Emitting a warm glow contained in an amber glass sphere (Aesop's signature hue), the hand-held light is easy to move about your space thanks to its wireless and compact design.
Aesop
September 19, 2024 — Castlery’s newest fall collection launched last month, and the goods quickly shot up to the top of our wish list. You’ll find that the recently released pieces are designed to add warmth to any space, emphasizing natural fibers and stones, deep wood finishes, and modular storage solutions. We’re perhaps most excited, though, about the brand’s inaugural leather bed, whose soft edges and low-profile design are perfect if you’re looking to add a new element to the bedroom.
Castlery
September 21, 2024 — AD Open Door darling Troye Sivan had quite the busy September. In addition to selling out Madison Square Garden with Charli XCX on their joint Sweat Tour, the artist unveiled a new fragrance, Sala, from his brand Tsu Lange Yor. The scent features galbanum, coriander seed, black pepper, and more for a uniquely fresh and floral aroma.
Tsu Lange Yor
September 30, 2024 — Design lovers with furry friends will want to check out Revival’s new, washable pet mats. Crafted from recycled materials, the lightweight designs are ideal for placing under pet beds, near food bowls, or in their favorite spot to lay (plus, you can just toss them in the washing machine when it's time for a clean. To celebrate the launch, Revival will also be donating $15,000 to The Asher House, a non-profit animal rescue and sanctuary, as well as donating an additional $25 for each mat sold through October.
Revival
Subscriptions
Connect with AD
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Architectural Digest may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices