Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
As far as gigs are concerned, 2024 has been a vintage year for Greater Manchester. Not only have we been treated to the news that Oasis will be reforming, but the region's venues have come alive with some the best and biggest shows.
There's too many to mention here but highlights have included Take That, who played both the AO Arena and the newly opened Co-op Live; Eagles major residency at Co-op Live, plus huge shows from the likes of The Killers, Greenday and Stockport's Blossoms. 
And in the last few months, the city has hosted the MTV EMAs and enjoyed spectacular shows from Charli XCX and Sam Fender. Saving the best until last though, this weekend will see the legend that is Paul McCartney take to the stage. 
READ MORE: Paul McCartney at Co-op Live Manchester - tickets, stage times, travel advice, parking and everything you need to know
Marking his first set of UK shows since his Glastonbury set two years ago, the Beatles star announced earlier this year that he would be performing two nights at Co-op Live this Saturday and Sunday. He will also perform at London’s The O2 Arena. 
Paul is most known for his time in The Beatles, who spawned an acclaimed back-catalogue of hits including Hey Jude, Let It Be and Come Together, but he is also a solo musician in his own right and has also performed in other bands like Wings.
In 2020, following the release of his eighteenth solo album McCartney III, the 82-year-old made history by becoming the first artist to have a new album in the top two chart positions in America in each of the last six decades. 
Here's a full round-up of what you can and can't take to the shows, and more info on what you can and can't do at the gigs too. Taking your own food and drink into the arena is not allowed - but there are lots of food and drink options available.
As there will be security checks, the advice is to get there early to make sure you're inside in plenty of time.
Co-op Live operates on a one bag per person policy. Small handbags are permitted as long as they are no larger than A4 in size. However, large bags, like backpacks and laptop bags, will not be allowed.
There will be limited bag storage on site priced from £15. This facility is located on Sir Howard Bernstein Way - opposite Gate J in the Orange Car Park on the Etihad Campus.
Food and beverage (including containers for storing food and beverage) are not allowed unless certain exceptions outlined in Co-op Live's T&Cs.
If you need to bring anything from outside because of special dietary or medical requirements, you are advised to contact the venue in advance of your visit and speak to staff at the door on arrival.
There are several refillable water points across the arena for you to use, and you may bring in an empty small collapsible water bottle.
With a number of bars and stalls inside the venue, there's a wide variety of food and drink options. Pies and burgers form part of the food menu, whilst there will be your usual selection of beers, soft drinks and wine available from the bars dotted around the venue.
If you are going to the Co-op Live arena you are required to agree to a personal or item search.
Members of staff can remove items such as: food, glass, bottles, cans, alcohol, large umbrellas, lighters, disposable vapes, professional cameras, plastic bottle tops, and recording equipment.
Devices like laptops, iPads, Go Pros, and similar items are also not allowed, unless pre-approved for medical reasons. Assistance dogs are the only animals permitted inside the venue.
Other banned items include:
Any changes to the list above on an event-by-event basis will be clearly detailed on the event page.
Co-op Live is a no smoking venue, including all e-cigarettes and vapes. If you are attending an event, you can’t leave and re-enter once you’ve gone through the ticket check.
Co-op Live is a cashless venue. All payments must be made by contactless, card, and the venue also accepts Apple and Google Pay.