“She deeply respects Vice President Kamala Harris and her accomplishments as a Black and Indian woman"
Janet Jackson has apologised for questioning Kamala Harris’ ethnic background ahead of the US presidential election in November.
The singer – who is set to tour the UK and Europe later this month – recently offered her views on America potentially voting in its first Black female president in an interview with The Guardian.
“Well, you know what they supposedly said?” she responded. “She’s not Black. That’s what I heard. That she’s Indian.”
She added: “Her father’s white. That’s what I was told. I mean, I haven’t watched the news in a few days. I was told that they discovered her father was white.”
The interviewer proceeded to clarify that the Vice President’s father is Jamaican and mother Indian while highlighting that the most vocal in questioning the Democratic candidate’s identity tended to be Trump supporters and conspiracy theorist-adjacent.
Janet Jackson is seen arriving to the Thom Browne fashion show during New York Fashion Week at The Shed on February 14, 2024 in New York City CREDIT: Gilbert Carrasquillo/GC Images
While noting that they didn’t believe Jackson fell into that category, but rather wondered if social media algorithms might have played a part in such views, the interviewer asked Jackson if she believed America was ready for a woman of colour president.
“I don’t know,” Jackson replied. “Honestly, I don’t want to answer that because I really, truthfully, don’t know. I think either way it goes is going to be mayhem.”
Now, in a new statement via Buzzfeed, Jackson’s manager Mo Elmasri said that her comments were “based on misinformation” and issued an apology.
The statement added: “She deeply respects Vice President Kamala Harris and her accomplishments as a Black and Indian woman.
“Janet apologises for any confusion caused and acknowledges the importance of accurate representation in public discourse. We appreciate the opportunity to address this and will remain committed to promoting unity.”
The singer is yet to make any further comment.
Meanwhile, other female artists have been more vocal in their support of the Democratic presidential candidate, including Taylor Swift, Charli XCX, Beyoncé, Megan Thee Stallion and more.
Jackson, meanwhile, recently wrapped up the US leg of her ‘Together Again’ tour, and will be continuing on to 10 more cities as part of the UK and European stint – kicking off in Paris at the Accor Arena on September 25.
The UK run will also now include two London shows at the O2 on September 28 and 29. This upcoming portion of the tour will mark her first UK performance since Glastonbury 2019.
The US tour started back in April where she performed a host of hits and rarities spanning her 50-year career.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.