The Kid LAROI, photo by Amy Harris/Invision/AP (from left); Janet Jackson, photo by Erik Kabik/MediaPunch/IPX via AP; Lizzie McAlpine, photo by Corine Solberg/SipaUSA via AP
Welcome back, Terriers, to our monthly column What’s Hot in Music This Month.
Summer is finally here and with it a chance to spend more time cranking up some music and catching some great local concerts. Whether you’re staying in Boston or not, you’re sure to find something new to listen to this month. Charli XCX and Gracie Abrams are both releasing new albums and Lizzy McAlpine and Janet Jackson are bringing their considerable talents to local music venues. We’ve got a rundown of what’s hot in music this June.
Perhaps best known to the general public for her smash pop hits “Boom Clap” and “Fancy,” Charli XCX has cultivated a devoted fan base within the queer community. Her 2020 album how i’m feeling now was heralded by critics and fans alike as one of the preeminent “quarantine albums,” appreciated for its honest lyricism and bold, electronic production. BRAT, her new album out June 7, pushes the British singer-songwriter to new horizons, with instant earworms like “Club classics” and “360.”
Share this
This is a big year for the band. Not only is Bon Jovi celebrating their 40th anniversary, but on June 7, the band is releasing their 16th studio album. Frontman Jon Bon Jovi has described the album as a “return to joy,” proven by the album’s lead single, “Legendary.” A summery bop that begs to be blasted as loud as possible, “Legendary” sees Bon Jovi embrace gratitude for those they love, singing “Got what I want ’cause I got what I need, got a fistful of friends that’ll stand up for me. Right where I am is where I wanna be.” With Bon Jovi now entering their fifth decade of performing, Forever proves the band is still going strong.
Share this
Previously a member of girl group Fifth Harmony, Normani is finally releasing her debut solo album on June 14. The multitalented star dropped her first solo single, “Motivation,” back in 2019 and since then has teased fans with hints about the upcoming album. She broke a two-year music hiatus with the smooth and sultry single “1:59,” featuring Gunna, proving that Normani is one to watch. The album cover for Dopamine depicts Normani seated on a sleek rocket, likely foreshadowing her inevitable launch to stardom once the album is released.
Share this
After her busy year traveling the world as an opener for Taylor Swift’s record-breaking Eras Tour, Gracie Abrams is treating fans to a new album—her eighth—on June 21. Where she was somber and emotional on her 2023 album Good Riddance, here she comes across as assured—especially on the single “Risk,” an upbeat bop that sees the singer-songwriter fantasizing about a life with someone she has never met. Taylor Swift herself is featured on the track “us.” Abrams has been in the music game for years, and this album proves she’s a force to be reckoned with.
Share this
Omar Apollo is truly an internet success story. He began releasing covers on Soundcloud before saving up money to upload “Ugotme” on Spotify, where it quickly went viral. Since then, he’s released critically acclaimed albums like Ivory, which garnered Apollo a Grammy nomination for Best New Artist in 2023. The artist describes his latest record, God Said No, as a “survey of the emotional wreckage that followed the end of a torrid love affair.” The new work features Apollo’s trademark sultry voice and bouncy, danceable sound. God Said No sees him reaching new artistic heights.
Share this
Sophie Ellis-Bextor will perform at Royale, 279 Tremont St., Boston, June 4, at 8 pm. Purchase tickets, starting at $15, here.
British singer-songwriter Sophie Ellis-Bextor has been a disco pop favorite since her solo debut in the 2000s. After her 2001 hit “Murder on the Dancefloor” was featured in the 2023 film Saltburn, Ellis-Bextor has found a new legion of fans. Her music is electrifying, fun, and instantly danceable and her live shows are no different. Catch her when she takes the Royale stage on June 4.
The Kid LAROI will perform at MGM Music Hall at Fenway, 2 Lansdowne St., Boston, June 16, at 7:30 pm. Purchase tickets, starting at $56.75, here.
Australian rapper and singer The Kid LAROI doesn’t like to adhere to a genre; rather, he makes his own blend of pop and rap that’s as irresistible as it is danceable. He released his debut EP at just 14 years old, later going on to collaborate with superstars like Justin Bieber, Miley Cyrus, and the late rapper Juice Wrld. His performances are famous for their high energy, and you can see for yourself when he takes the stage at MGM Music Hall on June 16.
Lizzy McAlpine will perform at MGM Music Hall at Fenway, 2 Lansdowne St., Boston, June 21 and 22, at 8:45 pm. Purchase tickets, starting at $69.25, here (June 21) or here (June 22).
Lizzy McAlpine is no stranger to the Boston area: she attended Berklee College of Music, leaving during junior year to pursue a burgeoning music career. Now, she’s returning to town to promote her recently released and critically acclaimed third studio album, Older, which explores the transition to adulthood. As an added bonus, she sounds even better live, so don’t miss her when she comes to MGM Music Hall.
Medium Build will perform at Paradise Rock Club, 967 Commonwealth Ave., Boston, on June 25, at 7 pm. Purchase tickets, starting at $26.91, here.
Alaska-based singer-songwriter Medium Build, who’s toured with industry greats like Tyler Childers, Lewis Capaldi, and FINNEAS, is taking the stage solo at Paradise Rock Club. He’s known for his eclectic style, seamlessly jumping between indie pop, alternative, electronic—even hints of country. His performances are as lively as they are emotional, so this is a concert you won’t want to miss.
Janet Jackson will perform at TD Garden, 100 Legends Way, Boston, on June 28, at 8 pm. Purchase tickets, starting at $39.95, here.
Icon. Legend. Game-changing superstar. Janet Jackson is all that and more. Her career captures what it means to be truly impactful. From her early performances as a seven-year-old on the Las Vegas Strip to her globe-trotting world tours, the five-time Grammy winner knows how to put on a show. Back by popular demand, her Together Again tour is traveling across North America this summer. Don’t miss your chance to see this once-in-a-generation talent when she takes the stage at TD Garden June 28.
What’s Hot in Music June: New Albums, Local Concerts


							Sam Thomas (COM’24)						

							Profile						

Boston University moderates comments to facilitate an informed, substantive, civil conversation. Abusive, profane, self-promotional, misleading, incoherent or off-topic comments will be rejected. Moderators are staffed during regular business hours (EST) and can only accept comments written in English. Statistics or facts must include a citation or a link to the citation.
		
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Boston University’s Alumni Magazine
News, Opinion, Community
Pioneering Research from Boston University