After an illustrious decade-long career in the art pop sphere, Charli XCX has finally graduated to that most elusive level of fame: minor league baseball promotion fame.
The Triple-A Sacramento River Cats will host "Brat Night" on Thursday in honor of the singer's hit 2024 album Brat, they announced Monday afternoon. The San Francisco Giants affiliate even made the announcement in the style of the album's cover, using a lo-fi black font on a willfully ghastly lime-green field.
Released on June 7, Brat is the highest-charting album in the United States of the Cambridge, England native's career. The record—popular among Generation Z since its critically feted release—has gained new life in recent days for its associations with Vice President Kamala Harris's campaign for president.
<3https://t.co/A5bAv7Q43N pic.twitter.com/8kwDrvyapC
This begs the crucial question: Is baseball brat? That is not for us to decide, but the game and the record share many commonalities, such as complex friendship-rivalries, an embrace of beauty in the mundane, and grappling with the legacy of one's heroes.
One baseball-related entity that is unquestionably brat, however, are the River Cats; their 55-47 record puts them second in the Pacific Coast League West Division's overall standings.
Patrick Andres is a staff writer on the Breaking and Trending News team at Sports Illustrated. He joined SI in December 2022, having worked for The Blade, Athlon Sports, Fear the Sword and Diamond Digest. Andres has covered everything from zero-attendance Big Ten basketball to a seven-overtime college football game. He is a graduate of Northwestern University's Medill School of Journalism with a double major in history . 
Follow PAndres2001
© 2025  ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.