By GERAINT LLEWELLYN FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  19:42, 6 October 2024   |  Updated:  20:58, 7 October 2024   
 84
View  comments
Perrie Edwards put on a very busty display as she surprised fans with an impromptu performance of her new single You Go Your Way at Bam Karaoke Box in London's Victoria on Sunday.
The former Little Mix star, 31, shared a clip to her Instagram where she left a crowd of fans speechless as she joined them at a bash to celebrate the song's release. 
Perrie risked a wardrobe malfunction in a saucy crop top which which boasted daring cut outs and left very little to the imagination. 
Flashing a glimpse of her toned midriff she also wore a pair of figure-hugging black trousers, that again sported cut-outs.
The blonde beauty beamed as she joined her fans and took to the stage before partying and posing for selfies. 
Perrie Edwards, 31, put on a very busty display as she surprised fans with an impromptu performance of her new single You Go Your Way at Bam Karaoke Box in London's Victoria on Sunday
The former Little Mix star shared a clip to her Instagram where she left a crowd of fans speechless as she joined them at a bash to celebrate the song's release
Perrie risked a wardrobe malfunction in a saucy crop top which which boasted daring cut outs and left very little to the imagination
A post shared by Perrie. (@perrieedwards)
She captioned the clip: 'Literally the BEST NIGHT EVER!! Thank you to every single one of you supporting You Go Your Way, I see you all and it means the world'.
Perrie put on another racy display in a red leather bodysuit for the single's music video  and revealed how it tells her love story with fiancé Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain.
She ooked incredible for the shoot, as she struck a pose against a lavish white car, set against a mountain backdrop.
Perrie showed off her stunning figure in the tiny bodysuit, which featured a large silver studded belt.
Sticking to the red theme, she teamed the risqué look with a matching leather biker jacket with fringe details. 
The hitmaker wore her long blonde tresses in loose waves and elevated her natural beauty with a sultry palette of makeup. 
You Go Your Way is a powerful, mid-tempo pop anthem about starting a new chapter and finding the strength to start a new journey. 
She revealed that the song tells the story of a time at the start of Perrie's relationship with boyfriend Alex, when they were in the honeymoon stage and not yet 'official'.
Perrie risked a wardrobe malfunction in a saucy crop top which which boasted daring cut outs and left very little to the imagination
Flashing a glimpse of her toned midriff she also wore a pair of figure-hugging black trousers, that again sported cut-outs
The blonde beauty beamed as she joined her fans and took to the stage
She later partied and posed for selfies
She captioned the clip: 'Literally the BEST NIGHT EVER!! Thank you to every single one of you supporting You Go Your Way, I see you all and it means the world'
The pair, who now share three-year-old son Axel, matched on celebrity dating app Raya in November 2014 but went on only a couple of dates before Perrie had to embark on a three-month US tour with Little Mix and Ariana Grande. 
Due to go away on tour for several months, and worried about putting pressure on a very new relationship, Perrie suggested to her now fiancé that they should pause their budding romance and go their separate ways. 
The song sums up the moment in a relationship where you need to be prepared to let someone go and live their life in the hope that the will one day return.
She explained: 'I told Alex, you go your way and I'll go mine and if it's meant to be we'll find each other again when I am back. 
'He wasn't happy this idea and made our relationship official there and then! Fast forward eight years and we are very happy, engaged and have our beautiful son. 
'I truly believe if you love something, set it free. If it comes back, it's yours. If not it was never meant to be.'
The couple welcomed son Axel in August 2021 before Alex popped the question almost a year later.
Perrie put on another racy display in a red leather bodysuit for the song's video
She also revealed how it tells her love story with fiancé Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain
Driven by a soaring and emotive vocal performance from Perrie, You Go Your Way sees a pulsating bass build to big and bold chorus that feels both empowering and cathartic.
The track was originally produced and released as an underground club single by London based dance duo Joy Anonymous, who played the song to Perrie in a writing session. 
Perrie fell in love with the track instantly and worked on it with Joy, recorded the vocals and enlisted the help of Scottish electronic producer Hudson Mohawke (whose recent credits include Charli XCX 'Brat') to add the final finishing touches. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group