ENTERTAINMENT NEWS
Oct 22, 2024, 3:32 PM                        | Updated: 4:57 pm
Charli xcx and Shygirl perform during the sold-out "Charli xcx and Troye Sivan present: Sweat" tour stop at Madison Square Garden on September 23, 2024 in New York City. (Photo: Rich Fury/MSG/Getty Images for MSG Entertainment Holdings, LLC)
(Photo: Rich Fury/MSG/Getty Images for MSG Entertainment Holdings, LLC)
BY JULIA DALLAS
MyNorthwest Content Editor
Calling all Washington “brats!” Charli XCX is coming to Seattle.
The pop star is stopping at the Climate Pledge Arena Wednesday night as part of her North America tour: “Sweat.”
Charli XCX is also bringing pop star and Australian singer Troye Sivan with her.
More lifestyle news: Summit at Snoqualmie hopes to ease congestion with $55 daily parking fee
According to the arena’s website, the event starts at 7:30 p.m. and doors open at 6:30 p.m.  However, Ticketmaster’s website shows ticket prices are on the expensive side, with the cheapest tickets reselling for around $180 and floor seats going for around $475.
Charli XCX’s album titled “BRAT,” which came out in June 2024, blew up — with the popular song “360” garnering nearly 250,000,000 streams on Spotify. However, Charli first became popular back in 2012 with hit “I Love It.”
She released her latest album on October 14, 2024, titled “Brat and it’s completely different but also still brat.”
Her “brat” albums feature stars Billie Eilish, Lorde and Ariana Grande. Her most popular song, “Guess featuring billie eilish” has nearly 280,000,000 streams on Spotify.
More activities: Halloween events, pumpkin patches to visit, more fall festivities in Washington
Charli’s music combines pop and electronic dance music, with lyrics about being a party girl but also empowering young women. If Charli’s show is anything like her impact on music, it’s sure to be iconic.
Charli’s Seattle stop will be her last in America for her “Sweat” tour. After Seattle, she’ll travel across the pond to Manchester, U.K. and then tour across the U.K. before heading to the last portion of her tour in Australia.
For more details on her Seattle show, visit Climate Pledge Arena’s website.
Julia Dallas is a content editor at MyNorthwest. You can read her stories here. Follow Julia on X here and email her here.
Frank Sumrall

                                    “Rust" is finally in theaters, but unfortunately, its incapable of escaping the tragedy that was the on-set death of cinematographer Halyna Hutchins.                                
16 hours ago
Frank Sumrall

                                    "The Last of Us," the Emmy-award-winning apocalyptic drama, has returned for its second season earlier this month, and with it, its central location has been revealed—Seattle.                                
5 days ago
Frank Sumrall

                                    An elaborate indoor pickleball facility is coming to Lynnwood as the burgeoning sport continues to expand its reach within the state it was founded in.                                
15 days ago
Frank Sumrall

                                    “Sinners,” currently tracking to have the biggest opening for an original film post-COVID-19, is in theaters Friday. Here’s what is available to watch this weekend.                                
15 days ago
Frank Sumrall

                                    You don’t watch “Warfare,” you survive it. “Warfare” is in theaters Friday. Here are the best movies and TV shows to watch this weekend.                                
22 days ago
Frank Sumrall

                                    Netflix just greenlit one of the weirdest sequels to a beloved film, and find out what the best movies and television to watch this weekend are.                                
29 days ago

                                    Home Comfort Alliance goes beyond simply installing a system—it provides long-term peace of mind.                                

                                    Discover how State Roofing and Exteriors is expanding with new offices in Western Washington, enhancing service for homeowners.                                

                                    Struggling with Medicare expenses? Discover programs that can help you save significantly each month on premiums.                                

                                    Deciding when it's time for senior living can be challenging. However, a senior living community can be a positive step toward ensuring safety, health and happiness.                                

                                    Safeway and Albertson’s launched the Nourishing Neighbors program to ensure everyone has access to nourishing food every day.                                

                                    The Museum of Pop Culture (MOPOP), located in Seattle, steps into the realm of folklore and fantasy with its upcoming exhibition, "Asian Comics: Evolution of an Art Form."