By 

	Tomás Mier


Kesha celebrated her freedom in 2024 — and now she wants 2025 to be even bigger. The pop star took the stage Tuesday night during ABC’s New Year’s Rockin’ Eve for a performance of her hit “Tik Tok” and 2024’s “Joyride.”

	Before “Joyride,” Kesha joked: “All I want for 2025 is a sugar daddy and a yacht… And now, we joyride, bitches!”

	During “Tik Tok,” which opened the show, Kesha continued her tradition of changing the opening line of “Tik Tok” from “Wake up in the mornin’ feelin’ like P Diddy” to “Wake up in the mornin’ like ‘Fuck P Diddy.'” (Of course, since the performance aired on ABC, the lyric was bleeped out.)

	Kesha first replaced the Diddy lyric while performing with Reneé Rapp at Coachella earlier this year. In August, she revealed that she planned to re-record the song with that lyric. (“I absolutely love the new lyric change,” she wrote on Instagram. “Yes, it is permanent. ⁣I will re-record it when I have legal rights to!”)

	










	The singer teased her Rockin’ Eve performance a day before New Year’s Eve, writing, “How many ‘bitches’ can one bitch get away with on @abc? Find out on NYE.” She also reminisced about her first time on the show, sharing photos taken in 2010 before she performed.

	Kesha is expected to release a new album in 2025 under the direction of A.G. Cook and Zhone and through her own Kesha Records, which she launched in September. Speaking to Elle in October, Kesha teased that her upcoming album will be her “little wild child,” a stark contrast from Gag Order, which allowed her to channel her “more painful emotions.”





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	









	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	








	“I was really vulnerable. Now I’m really trying to make way for the bad bitch,” she told the publication. “I’m giving her the moment — because we need the space to have all the emotions safely.”

	Kesha released a pair of singles in 2024 — Song of the Summer contender “Joyride” and November’s “Delusional” — and collaborated with head Brat Charli XCX on a remix of “Spring Breakers.” In June, she also celebrated her first show as a “free woman” during a headlining set at West Hollywood Pride in June. “This is my first show as a free motherfucking woman,” Kesha told the crowd before debuting a new song aptly titled “Freedom,” as she asked the crowd, “Anybody else feeling free as fuck tonight?”
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.