By JOANNA CRAWLEY FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  13:20, 12 June 2024   |  Updated:  20:18, 12 June 2024   
 85
View  comments
Matty Healy's mother Denise Welch has confirmed her son's engagement to model Gabbriette Bechtel after a whirlwind romance.  
Speaking on her show Loose Women on Wednesday, Denise, who first met Gabbriette five months into the romance, gushed: 'We couldn't be happier. She is everything I would want in a daughter in law.'
Denise explained that the couple had broken the news to their loved ones 'a few weeks' ago.
'I have known for a few weeks that Matty got engaged,' she told her co-stars. 'They went over to see their friends Charli and George in New York.'
'I woke up this morning to the fact they’ve put it on Instagram. Instagram official, he has got engaged to Gabbriette. She is from Los Angeles, she is absolutely gorgeous,' before bizarrely adding: 'She does have a rat.
Matty Healy's mother Denise Welch has confirmed her son's engagement to model Gabbriette Bechtel after a whirlwind romance  (pictured in September 2023)
Speaking on her show Loose Women on Wednesday, Denise gushed: 'We couldn't be happier. She is everything I would want in a daughter in law'
The proud mum revealed that Matty had the distinctive ring custom made, gushing:  'Black diamond, he had it made for her and I couldn’t be more thrilled.' 
Gabbriette heavily hinted she is 'marrying' the 1975 singer on Tuesday - after their whirlwind nine month romance.
The singer and model, 26, sparked engagement rumours after she posted a picture on Instagram of her wearing a £10,000 black diamond ring on her wedding finger.
To add to the speculation, Gabbriette tagged Matty's social media account and wrote: 'MARRYING THE 1975 IS VERY B*** @trumanblack'
Taylor Swift's ex-boyfriend Matty, who re-posted the picture on his own account, was first linked to Gabbriette in September 2023.
Gabbriette continued to show off her engagement ring as she later shared a mirror selfie, but swapped it to her right hand.
Gabbriette, who posted the picture of the ring while she was at Charli XCX's concert, showcased her racy outfit on her story.
She went braless in a strapless black mini dress and wore knee-high boots with a black strapped chocker. 
The singer and model sparked engagement rumours after she posted a picture on Instagram of her wearing a £10,000 black diamond ring on her wedding finger
After five months together, the frontman (centre-right) introduced his model girlfriend (left) to parents Denise Welch (right) and Tim Healy (Matty's brother Louis pictured centre-left)
After five months together, the frontman introduced his model girlfriend to parents Denise and Tim Healy. 
The new couple went to see the Loose Women star's show, The Gap, in Manchester before meeting the rock star's family, including his brother, Louis, afterwards.
Denise shared the cute snap on Instagram with the comment: 'Lovely to have the family in to see mum at work!!! @hopemilltheatre #thegap [heart emojis].'
The actress had also interacted with her son's girlfriend in the previous months online. 
In October 2023, the model shared a photo of herself in a leather apron and a matching thong.
Denise replied: 'That's exactly how I hope to look in mine when it arrives!!'
Gabbriette continued to show off her engagement ring as she later shared a mirror selfie, but swapped it to her right hand
Fans went wild after seeing Gabbriette's post about their speculated engagement and flooded X, formerly know as Twitter, with comments.
Some wrote: 'i was waiting for this to happen but still got jumpscared by the notification',
'this is such a vibe omfg'.
Matty reportedly purchased the engagement ring for $10,800 at a vintage liquidation sale.
The pair have been linked since September 2023, following Healy's split from Taylor Swift that June, when they were spotted enjoying a steamy PDA in New York City.
Now an official couple, they have since made several public appearances together, including during Fashion Week and at the band's concerts.
Often known mononymously as Gabbriette, she was born in Orange County, California, in 1997 - making her eight years Matty's junior.
Though she moved to Los Angeles with dreams of being a ballet dancer, Gabbriette fell into a modelling career, after being cast in a Blood Orange music video.
Gabbriette, who posted the picture of the ring while she was at Charli XCX's concert, showcased her racy outfit on her story
The day before his 'engagement' was announced, Matty looked disheveled as he stepped out for a coffee in Los Angeles on Monday
Matty reportedly purchased the engagement ring for $10,800 at a vintage liquidation sale
Fans went wild after seeing Gabbriette's post about their speculated engagement and flooded X, formerly know as Twitter, with comments
Taylor Swift (left) was first linked to the1975 frontman (right) 2014 and later in 2023, but reportedly split after a month of dating (Nick Grimshaw pictured centre)
However, this was not plain sailing as she told Vogue in May 2023 that she spent large amounts of time as 'an unpaid, hard-working model'.
She has since worked with brands like Diesel, Bottega Veneta and Marc Jacobs.
This is not something she foresaw growing up, adding: 'The majority of students at my high school were beautiful, strictly white blonde girls, and my sister and I were Hispanic. I was called some pretty awful things. But then I just learned to laugh at it.'
Aside from her modelling pursuits, Gabbriette shares a taste for the stage with Matty having been the lead vocalist for punk rock band Nasty Cherry - a group hand-picked by British pop singer Charli XCX in 2018.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group