The series features hits from a range of artists including Lizzo, Wet Leg and Shirley Bassey.
Bad Sisters is back with an unexpected second season – well the first two episodes anyway – and it boasts a soundtrack as brilliant as the first.
The show, created by Sharon Horgan, follows the Garvey clan, a tight-knit group of five sisters who will stop at nothing to get revenge.
Season 2 picks up two years after the shocking events of the first – and the "accidental" death of Grace's evil husband John Paul, aka The Pr**k.
"The close-knit Garvey sisters may have moved on, but when past truths resurface, the ladies are thrust back into the spotlight, suspicions are at an all-time high, lies are told, secrets revealed and the sisters are forced to work out who they can trust," reads the synopsis.
The show blends dark comedy, drama and a good dose of crime thriller so, naturally, music is important in setting the tone.
So, without further ado, here is the complete soundtrack listing for Bad Sisters so far.
Bad Sisters season 2 will premiere on Wednesday 13th November on Apple TV+ with the first two episodes, then new episodes weekly. Season 1 is available to stream on Apple TV+ – sign up to Apple TV+ here.
Check out more of our Drama coverage or visit our TV Guide and Streaming Guide to find out what's on. For more from the biggest stars in TV, listen to The Radio Times Podcast.
Molly Moss is a Trends Writer for Radio Times, covering the latest trends across TV, film and more. She has an MA in Newspaper Journalism and has previously written for publications including The Guardian, The Times and The Sun Online.
Sign up to receive our newsletter!
By entering your details, you are agreeing to site title privacy policy. You can unsubscribe at any time.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Subscribe to Radio Times magazine and get £10 issues for £10!
Releasing equity from your home could help give you the retirement you've been dreaming of?
Need inspiration of where to go next? Escorted tour, river cruise, yacht cruise, short break. Request a free brochure and start your journey. Now taking bookings for 2025, 2026 and 2027!