His 2023 album 'New Blue Sun' was a flute-led, rap-free endeavor.

							By 

	Armon Sadler

Hip-Hop Reporter

André 3000 is already preparing to come back outside. The 49-year-old rapper recently stated that he has new music coming “for sure” in 2025.

	The OutKast member recently performed at Tyler, The Creator’s 2024 Camp Flog Gnaw Carnival and sat down with Wayno for an interview. The media personality asked 3 Stacks what’s on his vision board heading into the new year and got a declarative reply. “New music, for sure,” 3k answered. “New ways to distribute and express. I don’t wanna pinpoint what it is, but I just wanna express more. Put it like that.”

	Now, the nine-time Grammy winner has been elusive throughout the majority of his career, thus even such a firm response could still leave people doubtful. He previously told journalist Touré that he was working, though he did admit being uncertain about when he would drop music in 2025. “At this point, I’m just trying to keep the momentum,” Andre stated. “There’s such a thing as creative momentum […] The next stuff is very interesting, too. We’re almost a third — or halfway — into it. … I don’t know when it will be ready. Who knows.”
ANDRÉ 3000
NEW MUSIC 
?COMING 2025? pic.twitter.com/oCPpc77mVt
— NFR Podcast (@nfr_podcast) November 18, 2024

	André 3000 may not just be fueled by creative momentum come 2025, as his 2023 album New Blue Sun was recently nominated for Album Of The Year at the upcoming Grammy’s. It was his first proper album in almost 20 years and was a major talking point due to the fact it was a “flute album” as opposed to the traditional rap that people wanted from him. 















	Related Story
	



	
		
					OutKast To Be Inducted Into Rock & Roll Hall Of Fame Class Of 2025		
			







	“I’m just happy to get paid attention to,” the Atlanta legend told Wayno when asked about the nomination. “The awards are nice because you know at that point more people get to listen and pay attention to what you’re doing, so more than anything, that’s what I love about it.” As of now, fans still may not the rap album they desire, as he told Touré “Nah, I don’t have a rap album, none of that kinda sh*t, so I’m not stressed about it.” He also revealed that the album didn’t count toward his solo deal with Epic Records due to the fact it wasn’t a rap album. 

	He will have stiff competition in the Album Of The Year category at the Grammys when he goes up against Beyoncé’s Cowboy Carter, Sabrina Carpenter’s Short ‘N Sweet, Billie Eilish’s Hit Me Hard And Soft, Charli XCX’s Brat, Taylor Swift’s The Tortured Poets Department, and more. Check out New Blue Sun below. 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.