When Carlin Thompson first moved to Columbia from Augusta, the rock club he came to work at became his temporary address.
“I lived out of my truck, actually, for a month behind the old New Brookland Tavern, for like all of November 2017,” Thompson said.
He’d lost a ton of money putting together shows amid what he said was an unstable music scene in Augusta, and he needed to get his finances in order before he could land a more permanent living situation.
A lot has changed since then.
Thompson started booking concerts that didn’t wreck his finances, building on his work at New Brookland to put on successful shows in Augusta, Greenville and Charlotte. His home club in West Columbia, a full-time music venue since at least 1998 and a hub for the Midlands music scene, decamped for Columbia’s college-adjacent Five Points neighborhood in December, unwilling to buy its old building or pay steeper rent when the building changed hands.
And now Thompson, who has largely handled booking and sound for New Brookland for a few years, is taking full hold of the reins, purchasing the club from Mike Lyons, who has owned it since 2004.
“I moved up here to work at New Brookland,” Thompson said. “After being employed by New Brookland for a few months, I knew that this was going to be a long-term thing that I wanted to involve myself with. I think it is a major staple in the music community here. And the idea of it not being here, it just doesn’t make sense.”
Lyons announced in May that he was looking to sell the club, with Thompson explaining that after 20 years owning it and pushing through the move, Lyons had grown tired of the intense effort it takes to keep a business like New Brookland going.
Now fully in charge of the venue, located at 632 Harden St., Thompson said he’s intent on making sure the venue sticks around, looking to implement some changes to make that happen.
Earlier this year, New Brookland announced that it would expand the club into a next-door space on Harden Street, which should open soon, giving the venue three rooms, including the upstairs main showroom and the bar beneath it. The new owner said this gives the club a succession of rooms to move local bands through as they get bigger, helping it to develop talent that will help sustain both the Columbia music scene and New Brookland.
Thompson added that the club sometimes gets passed over by tours that hit nearby spots like Charlotte and Atlanta due to the artists’ radius clauses, which dictate how close an act can play to another venue where it has a show. Being able to usher along new bands, both at New Brookland and the shows he books in other towns, helps him mitigate that challenge by creating a base of acts to draw from.
He also hopes to start doing even bigger things, saying he’s looking at putting on a metal-leaning music festival at the Historic Columbia Speedway in Cayce to fill the void left by the former Carolina Rebellion festival in Charlotte.
“That will again allow us to put locals on a bigger platform and just kind of progress them to being the next like Stretch Arm Strong or Crossfade,” Thompson said, referencing two of the bigger punk and metal acts to rise out of Columbia.
The new club owner said he’s also learning lessons from the boom that New Brookland has seen shifting from spring to summer in Five Points. The additional walk-up traffic was a huge boon during the school year, he said, adding that the St. Pat’s in Five Points festival was a particularly big day for the club. But it’s been a struggle to draw crowds in the college-adjacent neighborhood with students out of town.
Themed DJ nights, such as a recent one keying on the cusping popularity of pop singer Charli XCX, have done well for the club, Thompson noted. He added that he also plans to open the forthcoming next-door space to rentals, hoping to catch more business available given its proximity to the University of South Carolina.
Thompson emphasized that he still wants to support local musicians. He hopes that a creative expansion of the club’s kitchen offerings, which currently consist of a simple selection of quesadillas, burritos and the like, will bring more business while putting more money in bands’ pockets.
“Something that I think we struggled with for a long time is that we’ve only ever been solely dependent on the shows. I want to make it to where, regardless of who’s playing in this building, there’s people in here,” Thompson said. “I want to cater some of our food specials and stuff like that more towards generating money for the local artists. Taking such and such food special and naming it after a local band. ... Running that for a month to raise money for their next EP, helping them get a touring van, marketing costs, stuff like that.”
King Charles and Queen Camilla released a statement shortly before Prince Harry surprised many royal watchers as he revealed his hopes to reconcile with his family
"I’m not a Catholic but I think posting this a week after the Popes funeral is deeply insulting & deranged."
EDMONTON — Katheryn Speck said she used to be a Canadian nationalist, travelled the world with a maple leaf on her backpack and once lived in Quebec so she could become fluently bilingual.
Justin Trudeau's time as prime minister was marked by authoritarianism and economic decline, while Mark Carney's rise to lead Canada represents a more radical transformation, aimed at turning the country into an administrative region within a larger system of corporate governance.
Kim Kardashian has our jaws quite literally on the floor thanks to a nude bodysuit that has her looking so snatched we can barely cope. Check out the pics...
A guest on Antiques Roadshow was left speechless after an 18th-century item found at a boot sale was valued at thousands — despite being called “disgusting.”
Meet the surprise celebrity couple worth billions more than David and Victoria Beckham and George and Amal Clooney.
Vice President’s Yale Law School friend Jamil Javani, now a Conservative MP in Canada, says it is not a ‘constructive’ moment for a trip to Ontario, given tensions between their two nations
President Donald Trump is being ripped to shreds after he bragged—by all accounts, erroneously—that gas prices had cratered to less than $2 per gallon. “Gasoline just broke $1.98 a Gallon, lowest in years,” Trump wrote on Truth Social this morning, touting the unsourced claim as evidence that the economy was flourishing under his tariffs. Fact-checkers at CNN, PolitiFact, and CBS News were quick to undercut the president, observing that the lowest average gas price of any state was $2.66, in Mis
Long-time White House reporter April Ryan has some theories about President Donald Trump‘s latest slimline look. On this week’s episode of The Daily Beast Podcast, co-hosts Joanna Coles and Samantha Bee asked Ryan, the longest-serving Black White House correspondent in history for her take on Trump’s much-discussed weight loss. “Can I tell you something? I don’t know if he’s lost weight or maybe he’s using a Spanx,” Ryan said, joking that Trump could even be putting multiple layers of the iconic
"I think it's time everyone who voted for Trump admit that we made a f****** mess."
"It was emotional because the last time I saw that dress was on Anna," Dannielynn's father Larry Birkhead tells PEOPLE of the dress his daughter wore to the 2025 Barnstable Brown Gala
Phil McGraw’s description of the president was... something.
The incident happened near downtown Columbus, Ohio, on April 30
"They say 'separation between church and state,' they told me. I said, alright, let's forget about that for one time."
Audrey Backeberg was 20 years old and married with children when she disappeared in 1962
After a routine morning walk with his infant daughter, a father of four was mistakenly reported as 'homeless' by a neighbor
"I caught my boyfriend of more than two years cheating while I was in the hospital, having just given birth to our baby hours before. His (not-so-ex) wife called my phone asking if the newborn in the photo was his."
It wasn’t just Signalgate that led to Mike Waltz being canned as President Donald Trump‘s national security adviser. Before that scandal, Waltz had already angered Trump by going behind his back to talk with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu about waging war on Iran, The Washington Post reported Saturday. Ahead of an Oval Office meeting between Trump and Netanyahu in February, Waltz engaged in “intense coordination” with Israel about its military options against Iran, according to the Po
The Chicago Blackhawks drafted Connor Bedard first overall in 2023 with the hopes of him becoming the generational star that he was touted to be while playing major junior with the Regina Pats.