Feb. 28 (UPI) -- Charli XCX will return with new music "this summer."
The 31-year-old singer-songwriter announced her sixth studio album, Brat, on Wednesday.

"Brat - this summer. 15 songs. 41:23 minutes long. on repeat," she wrote on Instagram.
       


Feb. 28 (UPI) -- Charli XCX will return with new music "this summer."
The 31-year-old singer-songwriter announced her sixth studio album, Brat, on Wednesday.

"Brat - this summer. 15 songs. 41:23 minutes long. on repeat," she wrote on Instagram.
       

A post shared by Charli (@charli_xcx)
The announcement followed news that Charli XCX will release a single and music video for the song "Von Dutch" on Thursday.

Charli XCX teased the "Von Dutch" video Monday with a clip showing her being mobbed by paparazzi at an airport.
"It's okay to just admit that you're jealous of me," she sings.
       
A post shared by Charli (@charli_xcx) 


Brat will mark Charli XCX's first album since Crash, released in 2022. She released two songs in 2023, "Speed Drive" for the Barbie movie and "In the City" with Sam Smith.
In addition to her new music, Charli XCX will produce original music for the upcoming Prime Video series Overcompensating, created by and starring Benito Skinner.
Charli XCX is known for the singles "I Love It," "Boom Clap" and "Break the Rules."

Read More
Amazon orders Benito Skinner series with music by Charli XCX
Adele pauses Las Vegas residency due to health issues
Le Sserafim releases 'Easy' choreography music video
Kristin Cavallari, boyfriend Mark Estes go Instagram official 


Topics
Sam Smith



 
Latest Headlines







Music // 14 hours ago
SZA's 'SOS' tops U.S. album chart
 May 3 (UPI) -- Singer-songwriter SZA's "SOS" is the No. 1 album in the United States this week.










Music // 1 day ago
TXT releases 'Love Language,' first single of 2025
 May 2 (UPI) -- South Korean boy band Together X Tomorrow, better known as TXT, released "Love Language," their first single of 2025.










Music // 1 day ago
Benny Blanco takes Selena Gomez to prom in 'Talk' music video
 May 2 (UPI) -- Selena Gomez and Benny Blanco released a single and music video for "Talk" alongside the deluxe version of their album "I Said I Love You First."










Music // 1 day ago
Ed Sheeran performs 'Old Phone' on 'Tonight Show'
 May 2 (UPI) -- Ed Sheeran performed "Old Phone" on "The Tonight Show" after releasing the song and its lyric video. His upcoming album, "Play," drops in September.










Music // 1 day ago
Green Day honored with Hollywood Walk of Fame star
 May 2 (UPI) -- Rock band Green Day was memorialized with the 2,810th star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at a ceremony Thursday.










Music // 1 day ago
Adam Levine, Lisa flirt and fight in Maroon 5's 'Priceless' music video
 May 2 (UPI) -- Adam Levine and Blackpink singer Lisa teamed up on "Priceless," a new single for Maroon 5. The song is the pop rock band's first single in two years.










Music // 1 day ago
'I Kissed a Girl,' 'Supermodel' singer Jill Sobule dead at 66
 May 2 (UPI) -- "I Kissed a Girl" and "Supermodel" singer-songwriter Jill Sobule has died at the age of 66.










Music // 2 days ago
ACM Awards to feature star-studded 'Songs of the Decades' performance
 May 1 (UPI) -- The 60th annual Academy of Country Music Awards will feature a "Songs of the Decades" performance and several duets. Performers include Dan + Shay, Wynonna Judd, Reba McEntire, and the Backstreet Boys with Rascal Flatts.










Music // 3 days ago
Bono reimagines one-man show in 'Stories of Surrender' trailer
 April 30 (UPI) -- Apple TV+ is previewing the upcoming documentary "Bono: Stories of Surrender," inspired by the U2 frontman's solo stage show of the same name.










Music // 5 days ago
Ella Langley, Zach Top to perform at Academy of Country Music Awards
 April 28 (UPI) -- The Academy of Country Music announced Ella Langley and Zach Top will be among the performers at the upcoming 60th ACM Awards.










 


Trending Stories





									Queen Latifah's 'Equalizer' canceled after 5 seasons								








									Netflix casts its Ingalls family for 'Prairie' re-boot								








									Ruth Buzzi, comedian known for 'Laugh-In,' dies at 88								








									SZA's 'SOS' tops U.S. album chart								








									Famous birthdays for May 3: Willie Geist, Rachel Zegler								







 

Follow Us











 











 Back to top






About UPI
Contact
Corrections
Advertisements






				Copyright © 2025 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
			

Terms of UsePrivacy Policy