Also: Peso Pluma's 'Éxodo' debuts at No. 5 and Gracie Abrams' 'The Secret of Us' debuts at No. 2. 

								By 

	Thania Garcia


	While Taylor Swift was busy completing three back-to-back concerts in Dublin over the weekend for her massive “Eras Tour,” the singer also managed to secure a 10th week at No. 1 on the Billboard 200 albums chart. 

	Swift is well on her way to breaking Adele’s record for the most consecutive weeks at No. 1 by a female artist this century with her latest effort, “The Tortured Poets Department” (Adele’s “21” spent 10 straight weeks at No. 1, from January to March of 2012). Swift remains atop the list with blockbuster streaming numbers — the LP logged a total of 115,000 equivalent album units and 113.21 million streams in the United States, according to data provided by Luminate. 

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					How the ‘Sinners’ Financing Model Offers Salvation for All Producers 		
			














	
		
					Gaza-Set Cannes ACID Selected Fatma Hassona Documentary 'Put Your Soul on Your Hand and Walk' Boarded by Cercamon (EXCLUSIVE)		
			








	Much of the Billboard 200 this week is largely occupied by female acts: Gracie Abrams‘ sophomore album, “The Secret of Us,” debuts at No. 2; Billie Eilish’s “Hit Me Hard and Soft” is No. 4, Chappell Roan’s “The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess” is No. 6; Ariana Grande’s “Eternal Sunshine” is No. 8 and Charli XCX’s “Brat” is No. 9. 




			Popular on Variety		






	Abrams achieves the highest-charting album of her career, and first-ever top 10 on the Billboard 200, with “The Secret of Us” opening with 89,000 equivalent units earned. Abrams also achieves her second Hot 100 hit with the new album’s “Close to You” debuting at No. 49.

	Abrams released her debut LP, “Good Riddance,” back in March of 2023 when it opened and peaked at No. 52 on Billboard 200. The LP propelled her to earn a Grammy nominee for best new artist, and marked the beginning of a whirlwind career launch that also saw Abrams joining Swift as an opening act for 29 dates of the latter’s stadium-filling “The Eras Tour” between April and December. Swift is also featured on the project 

	Sophomore album gold continues with the No. 5 debut of “Éxodo,” the follow-up to Peso Pluma’s  “Génesis” LP,  the highest-charting regional Mexican album in Billboard 200 history. The massive 24-song record includes collaborations with Cardi B, Anitta, Eslabon Armado, Junior H, Quavo and Rich the Kid, among numerous others. The LP enters with 64,000 equivalent album units earned with a majority of that  number coming from its 88 million streams of the album’s 24 songs. 

	The remainder of the Top 10 on the albums chart is comprised of returning titles including Morgan Wallen’s “One Thing at a Time” at No. 3 and  Shaboozey’s “Where I’ve Been, Isn’t Where I’m Going” at No. 10. 
The Business of Entertainment