Want to know more about Big Rig? Get his official bio, social pages and more!Full Bio
LED ZEPPELIN: A Bigger Look at Becoming
A new trailer for Becoming Led Zeppelin is out on YouTube. This one features new interview footage with Jimmy Page, John Paul Jones and Robert Plant with archival audio of John Bonham. Becoming Led Zeppelin is set to open exclusively in IMAX theaters on February 7th, with regular theaters to follow on February 14th. 
DAVID GILMOUR: Ready to Do It Again?
David Gilmour has posted a video thanking fans for buying his solo album Luck and Strange
and coming to his tour this year -- and teased that he's looking to continue working.
At the end of the video -- which also features two of his dogs and his dulcimer playing -- Gilmour says, "One way or another we've wound up with a team of people that are an absolute joy to play with and to be with and I'd like to do it again -- starting now." Watch
the video on YouTube.
DAVE GROHL: Daughter Prepping Album?
After appearing on Foo Fighters albums and tours, it's no surprise that Dave Grohl's oldest daughter, 18-year-old Violet Grohl, is preparing for her own music career. The Hollywood Reporter says Violet has been working on an album using studio time that her dad gave to her earlier this year as a birthday present. She reportedly recording with producer Justin Raisen, who's worked with Kim Gordon of Sonic Youth, Charli XCX and Lil Yachty.
Violet made her stage debut at the age of 12 singing a cover Adele’s “When We Were Young” with her dad. She also performed at both Taylor Hawkins tribute concerts in 2022 and was part of the expanded Foo Fighters lineup that featured a trio of female backing vocalists. 
Phil Collins Reveals He's Not A Huge Fan Of Genesis
Phil Collins is opening up about his music in the new doc “Phil Collins: Drummer First.” While drumming is a big focus of the doc, it is from the drumming-focused site Drumeo after all, Phil also touches on his broader music career…including that he isn’t a huge fan of his work in Genesis apparently! “I’m not Genesis’ biggest fan, you know. There’s stuff that I like, stuff I’m proud of…[but also] stuff that [I’m] less so. Sometimes it can be like people throwing bricks at you,” he shares. He does say he had a great time in the band, however.
Alex Lifeson Of Rush Given Lifetime Achievement Award By National Guitar Museum
The National Guitar Museum has named Alex Lifeson, founding member of RUSH, as the recipient of its 2024 Lifetime Achievement Award. Celebrated for his groundbreaking musicianship, Lifeson has been recognized for pushing the limits of guitar playing with “catchy riffs, intricate passages, and brilliant tone,” according to National Guitar Museum executive director, HP Newquist. Lifeson shared his gratitude for the honor, reflecting “I fell in love with the guitar when I was eleven years old and continue my romantic affair to this day, sixty years later. It has been my voice, my lover and my partner on a lifelong journey, and we’ve never had a single argument. I'm grateful for this acknowledgement and fortunate to share the rewards that come with being a guitarist.”
Julian Lennon Undergoes Emergency Surgery For Skin Cancer
Julian Lennon says he has his "fingers crossed" that he is cancer-free. The 61-year-old son of the late John Lennon revealed on X that he recently underwent emergency surgery after his dermatologist in Los Angeles informed him that tests found Melanoma. Lennon said the same dermatologist, who he calls Doctor Tess, saved his life a few years ago when she "caught and operated on" skin cancer that was detected. Lennon was in New York City for "Good Morning America" and other media appearances when he got the call to return to L.A. "A-S-A-P" for surgery.He called the operation a "success," but added that he's still waiting on the results of a biopsy and that he might not get the results until after Christmas.
"SNL Music" Documentary Announced
NBC is announcing a documentary that celebrates musical performances on Saturday Night Live. "Ladies and Gentlemen... 50 Years of SNL Music" is a three-hour program that will air next month. An NBC press release says in addition to interviews with artists who performed on the show, the documentary will also feature "untold stories behind the culture-defining, ground-breaking and news-making musical performances of the past 50 years." The news release announced appearances by Mick Jagger, Paul Simon and numerous others, but did not specify any past music performances. Many appearances remembered for more than just the music include Elvis Costello switching to "Radio Radio" a few notes into the song SNL wanted him to play, Sinead O'Connor ripping a photo of the pope in half, Senator and 1988 presidential candidate Paul Simon entering the stage when singer Paul Simon was introduced, and host Christopher Lee telling the audience "I'd like you to Meet Loaf" when introducing Meat Loaf, who later said he was angered by the introduction. 
Questlove is directing the project. As part of Saturday Night Live's 50th anniversary, the documentary premiers on NBC on January 27th and will be streamed on Peacock the following day.
The Alarm’s Mike Peters Needs a Stem Cell Transplant
Mike Peters, lead singer of The Alarm, is urgently looking for stem cell donors as he faces a rare and aggressive lymphoma known as Richter’s syndrome. After battling chronic lymphocytic leukemia since 1995, Peters now requires a life-saving stem cell transplant. “A complete stranger will likely provide a potentially life-saving stem cell donation for me,” he shares with “People,” noting that only 30-percent of patients find a match within their families. Through the "One in a Million" campaign, Peters and his wife are working to register more blood stem donors, emphasizing that “currently, only 60-percent of patients will find a matching stem cell donor.” Peters urges others to consider becoming donors, saying, “Think about your one in a million...Imagine if they need a stem cell donation. Get on the list to potentially save a life now.”
Nirvana Spends 700th Week n Billboard 200 Chart
Nirvana's "Nevermind" is reaching a milestone only eight other albums have achieved. The album has become the 9th release to spend 700 weeks on the Billboard 200 chart. When you exclude greatest-hits compilations, it's only the fourth studio LP to reach the milestone. The 1991 album sits at number 120 on the latest Billboard 200 chart. Others to achieve the milestone are Metallica’s “Black Album” with 767 weeks, and greatest hits collections from Journey (835), Creedence Clearwater Revival (724), and Guns N’ Roses (704).
IN OTHER NEWS
Paul McCartney welcomed a couple of old friends to the stage at the O2 Arena in London Thursday night. Ron Wood of The Rolling Stones joined him for “Get Back,” while his Beatles bandmate Ringo Starr played drums on “Sgt. Pepper’s Lonely Hearts Club Band (Reprise)” and “Helter Skelter.” Watch the performance with Ringo on YouTube. Thursday's show was the last one on McCartney's Got Back tour.
The U.K. distillery Ballantine has launched two whiskeys inspired by Elton John and John Lennon. Unfortunately they won't ship them to the U.S.
A new Clash photo book called The Clash Chronicles: A Photographic Monograph, which features photographs by Adrian Boot and essays by Chris Salewicz, will be published in March in three editions by Rufus Publications.
Rock for Children have released a lyric video for “My Christmas List," a track that features Rob Halford of Judas Priest and Alice Cooper. Check it out on YouTube.