The country singer finally spoke out on the matter.
Ingrid Andress kicked off the 2024 Home Run Derby in Arlington, Texas, on July 15 with her performance of the National Anthem. Ever since, video of the performance has been circulating all over social media and causing a major stir—but probably not for the reasons she was hoping. 
Ingrid made her first statement about her performance today, but if this is the first you're hearing of the singer, you might be wondering: Who is Ingrid Andress? Here's what you need to know, from how she got her start to her recent public apology.
Whether or not Ingrid Andress is on your playlist, she has made a name for herself in the world of country music over the past few years. In 2020, Ingrid released her first full length solo album, Lady Like. One year earlier, her single "More Hearts Than Mine" peaked at number 30 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart. In 2021, her single "Wishful Drinking" featuring Sam Hunt also made climbed its way up the chart, not to mention her hits on the country charts. 
 Ingrid has even been recognized for her musical prowess by one of the most respected organizations in the industry: the Recording Academy. In 2021, she was nominated for Best New Artist at the Grammys. Her album Lady Like was also nominated for Best Country Album and her single "More Hearts Than Mine" was nominated for Best Country Song. She earned a fourth Grammy nomination in the Best Country Duo/ Group category for "Wishful Drinking" in 2023 alongside Sam Hunt. 
As her Instagram bio puts it, she is a "4-time Grammy losing singer songwriter," as she did not win any of the categories she was nominated for (though, of course, being nominated is itself a huge accomplishment). 
Performing the "Star-Spangled Banner" at a sporting event is a right of passage for any rising star, and Ingrid stepped up to the plate. Ingrid opted for an a cappella version of the classic tune, which can bring even seasoned artists to their knees (we all remember Fergie...). 
Although she did not have any past National Anthem performances to back her up, she does have familial ties to the MLB. Her father, Brad Andress, worked for MLB teams including the Detroit Tigers and the Colorado Rockies for nearly two decades as a strength and conditioning coach. 
While her family connection may have helped her secure this gig, her work with big-name artists certainly doesn't hurt her credibility. Ingrid has toured with artists including Stevie Nicks, Keith Urban, Dan + Shay and Tim McGraw. 
As a talented songwriter, Ingrid has also written songs for musicians including Charli xcx, Bebe Rexha, FLETCHER, Alana Springsteen, LANY and more. The National Anthem was a solo effort, but Ingrid is also known for her collaborations. She has collaborated with Sam Hunt, Teddy Swims, Marc Scibilia and Breland. 
Everyone is talking about Inrgrid's recent cable television appearance, but have we seen her on TV before? Ingrid got her start on NBC back in 2010. The now-32-year-old appeared on the second season of The Sing Off, an a cappella singing competition, as a part of the group Pitch Slapped. She returned to the show for season 3, notably won by Pentatonix, as a part of the group Delilah. Although her troop did not win in either season, her appearance on the show effectively jump-started her career. 
Social media has not been kind the Ingrid Andress in the hours following her National Anthem performance. X (formerly Twitter) is littered with memes comparing Ingrid to Fergie and poking fun at her performance. 
Several X users questioned whether Ingrid was sober during her performance, and today we got our answer: "I’m not gonna bullsh*t y’all, I was drunk last night. I’m checking myself into a facility today to get the help I need. That was not me last night, I apologize to MLB, all the fans, and this country that I love so much for that rendition. I’ll let y’all know how rehab is I hear it’s super fun," Ingrid wrote on Instagram Tuesday. 
The comments are split between supporters and naysayers on Ingrid's apology post. "It will be ok! You are doing what you need to do. A proud moment" and "I’m sending you love, Ingrid. Being this open takes a lot. You’ve got this. Hang in there. ❤️," Kristin Chenoweth and Carly Pearce wrote in support. 
We wish Ingrid healing and recovery during this time. 
Maggie Horton is the Associate News Editor at Country Living. She covers all things entertainment from celebrity news to TV shows and movies. When she's not posting to social media, researching the latest celebrity gossip or binging the hottest new TV series, you can find her at a local concert or outside enjoying nature. 
Derby Fans React to Grace Potter’s National Anthem
Lainey Wilson Scores Feature Film Debut
Shania Twain Fans Say She's "Glowing" in New Photo
Trisha Yearwood Announces "New Chapter"
Toby Keith's Horse Slated for the Kentucky Derby
See Carrie Underwood's Iconic 'Idol' Performance
Kelly Clarkson's Fans Are Begging Her to "Stop Tea
Luke Combs Wows at Stagecoach With Epic Set
Why Does Willie Nelson Have Two Birthdays?
Where to Get Carrie Underwood's Comfy Lounge Set 
Carrie Underwood Talks 'American Idol' Anxiety
Jelly Roll Brought a Special Guest 
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.