Charli XCX, Green Day, Massive Attack and more will also perform at the April event.

													By
												

	Natalia Cano


	Pop superstars Olivia Rodrigo and Justin Timberlake are set to headline the 14th edition of the Pa’l Norte festival, the massive music party held annually in the Mexican city of Monterrey. The lineup, announced on Tuesday morning (Oct. 29), includes other major international acts such as Charli XCX, Green Day, Massive Attack, Kings of Leon, Black Keys and Caifanes.

	This will be the first time that Rodrigo and Timberlake, who have previously visited Mexico, will participate in a Mexican festival. Timberlake has already performed in the country and has two upcoming shows scheduled at the Palacio de los Deportes in Mexico City on Feb. 7-8. Rodrigo — who recently completed the 2024 dates of her Guts World Tour, which did not include Mexico — had not previously performed in concert in the country.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	The acclaimed festival will take place April 4-6 in Parque Fundidora in this city bordering the U.S.

	SEVENTEEN, Garbage, Fall Out Boy, Benson Boone and electronic music stars Gesaffelstein, The Chainsmokers, Claptone, Sasha & John Digweed, and Deep Dish are also part of the Tecate Pa’l Norte 2025 lineup, as well as Juanes, Mon Laferte and Eden Muñoz.

	The 14th edition of the festival, one of the most acclaimed in Latin America, will feature more than 180 musical acts across nine stages, according to the organizers. The three-day event draws about 100,000 people per day, a few thousand more than the EDC electronic music festival, one of the most populous in the country.

	In partnership with promoter Ocesa, acquired by Live Nation in 2021, Tecate Pa’l Norte has become one of the largest and most diverse festivals in Mexico. It annually attracts thousands of fans from around the world, with a capacity greater than other mega-festivals in the Mexican capital such as Vive Latino and Corona Capital, which gather about 80,000 people per day, according to their organizers.

	Situated in Parque Fundidora, the festival’s lineup celebrates a rich fusion of genres ranging from rock and indie to regional Mexican music, reggaeton and electronic music, featuring some of the biggest international acts.

	Its stages include Tecate Light, which hosts the main acts; Tecate Original stage, which embraces a mix of musical genres; Oasis Stage, dedicated to the popular genres of reggaeton, hip-hop, and trap; while Villa Maravilla offers the best in techno, afro house, and house music. The Club Social stage brings conventional sounds and EDM.

	










	The Fusión stage is designated for Latin acts, and the Acústico stage offers a unique show with “unplugged” sets throughout the weekend, while the Sorpresa stage offers surprise performances and the Pilos stage, named after a legendary bar in Monterrey, has hosted the biggest stars of northern music since its inception.

	In its 14 years of existence, Pa’l Norte has established itself as the “most important musical entertainment event in northern Mexico,” according to the Ministry of Tourism of Nuevo León.

	In previous editions, the festival featured artists such as Billie Eilish, Foo Fighters, Caifanes, Maná, Tame Impala, The Killers, Los Fabulosos Cadillacs, and 50 Cent. The 2024 edition was headlined by Peso Pluma, Blink-182, Imagine Dragons, Maná, and Fuerza Regida.

	Check out the full lineup for 2025 below:
A post shared by Tecate Pal Norte (@tecatepalnorte)
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.