By HEIDI PARKER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  19:45, 4 January 2024   |  Updated:  20:08, 4 January 2024   
 105
View  comments
Ariana Grande may have been hinting at a new song title when she stepped out in New York City on Thursday.
The pop star wore a black sweatshirt that said in white letters on the front, 'Yes, and?' which could be the name of her next single.
After all, 'yes, and?' seems to have the same vibe as her previous song titles like Thank You, Next. 
The Wicked actress looked to be in great spirits as she smiled white putting her left hand up in the air as she showed off the top well.
Ariana has recently mentioned that she will have new music out in 2024. 
Ariana Grande may have been hinting at a new song title when she stepped out in New York City on Thursday
The pop star wore a black sweatshirt that said in white letters on the front, 'Yes, and?' which could be the name of her next single. After all, 'yes, and?' seems to have the same vibe as her previous song titles like Thank You, Next
Also, the way she showed off her sweatshirt to fans, it seemed as if she wanted to send a message.
The former TV actress added worn-in blue denim jeans and chunky boots as she held onto a born purse in a parking lot. 
Her long strawberry blonde hair was slicked back and pulled into a high ponytail as she wore dramatic eye makeup and dewy lip gloss. 
In late December Ariana confirmed she would come out with new music in 2024.
'See you next year,' Grande wrote in the caption to a carousel of Instagram photos and videos. 
She tagged her producer Ilya Salmanzadeh, Republic Records and others.
Grande also shared a video of her mother dancing, a screenshot of a FaceTime call where she's dancing, and a snapshot of a warehouse.
Then there was a photo shows her crying.
'The two moods of the album,' she wrote in her Instagram story.
The Wicked actress looked to be in great spirits as she smiled white putting her left hand up in the air as she showed off the top well. Ariana has recently mentioned that she will have new music out in 2024
She recently shared a photo of her red-tinted lips and red lipstick from her R.E.M. Beauty line with a handwritten note that said: 'See you next year'
Then there was a video that had that narration: 'almost the last day of this album.'
'I'm so tired,' she says in the clip. 'But so happy and grateful. I also feel like I weigh 3,000 tons.'
There was also a photo of her red-tinted lips and red lipstick from her R.E.M. Beauty line with a handwritten note that repeated: 'See you next year.'
She can next be seen in the film Wicked which will come out in November. 
Grande also recently signed with Brandon Creed and his new Good World Management firm.
This comes months after sources confirmed that the singer had ditched longtime manager Scooter Braun.
Demi Lovato, Troye Sivan, Charli XCX, Orville Peck, Mark Ronson and former Fifth Harmony singer Normani also left Scooter.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group