Our favourite fashion from the farm

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

If you’re reading this, chances are, you’re not at Worthy Farm, and sadly, neither am I. But that’s not to say the summer is completely lost. There are more festivals than ever (honestly, who can keep up?) here and abroad, and for those of you who shiver at the mere thought of forgoing showers and kipping in a fabric shack, there’s a mind-boggling amount of day festivals.
All of this is to say you’ve still got ample time to dress like Kate Hudson in Almost Famous or my personal favourite and irrefutable original “band-aid”, Pamela Des Barres. So crack open a can of warm cider (as is the Glastonbury rite of passage) as we look back at the top ten best Glastonbury-goer looks (I’ll save performers for a day when I’m feeling less salty about my lack of a wristband) of recent years. You can even get the (almost) exact look for your next festival, and remember, there’s always next year.
Kate Moss
Alexa Chung
Custom Embroidered Luxury Wool Beret
Portia Freeman
Charli XCX
Celebrity news, beauty, fashion advice, and fascinating features, delivered straight to your inbox!
Mischa Anouk Smith is the News and Features Editor of Marie Claire UK.
From personal essays to purpose-driven stories, reported studies, and interviews with celebrities like Rosie Huntington-Whiteley and designers including Dries Van Noten, Mischa has been featured in publications such as Refinery29, Stylist and Dazed. Her work explores what it means to be a woman today and sits at the intersection of culture and style. In the spirit of eclecticism, she has also written about NFTs, mental health and the rise of AI bands.

Own a piece of sartorial history


In our increasingly chaotic world, butter yellow offers a sense of calm and warmth.


The younger Moss model was spotted in Kate Moss’ leopard print coat and leather hot pants


True British fashion is about knowing how to dress for the rain


Leave it to Alexa Chung to make bloomers look cool


It’s official: The blazer and skinny jeans combo is back


Reformation’s Winter Sale is the perfect opportunity to master timeless transitional dressing


Zendaya, Kaia Gerber, and Kendall Jenner are all fans


Marie Claire UK is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury,
Bath
BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.