Every item on this page was chosen by an ELLE editor. We may earn commission on some of the items you choose to buy.
Saddle up, folks, because there’s a lot of new music to celebrate this month, from the first taste of Beyoncé’s country Act II to Kacey Musgraves’ comeback. There are also exciting new drops from Dua Lipa, J.Lo, TWICE, and Charli XCX that are worth a listen (or several). Fresh after the Grammy Awards and Usher’s epic halftime show, there are plenty of releases to dive into. Here are some of our favorites from the past month.   
You can listen to all the picks on our Spotify playlist, too. (Want more music? Check out our January picks.) 
Subscribe to Apple Music
Subscribe to Amazon Music
“Although ‘Texas Hold ‘Em’ seems to be the fan favorite among Beyoncé’s new two-pack, ‘16 CARRIAGES’ is the one for me. I’m a sucker for a self-referential ballad, and this song is exactly that. I’m also obsessed with the single’s cover art and need it on a piece of merch immediately.” —Juliana Ukiomogbe, assistant editor
“Even though ‘training season’s over,’ according to Dua Lipa, she still serves the perfect song for your gym playlist. Barry’s, the boutique fitness brand, thinks so too, as the pop star announced a collaboration with the celebrity-favorite workout program, including the Training Season shake and Lipa-themed classes. It’s time to get those gains.” —Samuel Maude, associate editor
“On the lead single and title track from her upcoming album, Kacey Musgraves goes back to the ethereal roots the world first fell in love with. The track begs for a mashup with ‘Follow Your Arrow,’ the song that put her on the map, and hearkens back to a time when she was just breaking through. Yes, at 35, her Saturn really has returned, but through self-reflection, discovery, and maturity, her signature sound has too. Musgraves proves that only through embracing our past are we able to look toward the future. With this masterful track, we cannot help but look forward to the full-length album.” —SM
“After debuting her new single ‘Saturn’ in a Mastercard commercial during this year’s Grammy’s, SZA has officially dropped the song on all streaming platforms. It’s both existential and dreamy as she waxes poetic about the possibility of life beyond earth: ‘If there’s another universe / Please make some noise / Give me a sign / This can’t be life.’ And though it was just released, it’s slowly becoming one of my favorite songs in her catalog.” —JU
“Shortly after earning her first Grammy nomination for the wildly popular ‘Rush,’ rising star Ayra Starr dropped this single about staying unbothered by drama and focusing on yourself and your business. (Or, as she says in the first verse, ‘steady increasing the commas.’) ‘Energy wrong, I log off’ is my new mantra.” —Erica Gonzales, senior culture editor
“Little Simz can do no wrong, even (or especially) when she pushes her limits. On her new Drop 7 EP, which arrives 10 years after Drop 1, Simz shows off her versatility with a more electronic, experimental approach with the help of producer Jakwob. ‘Mood Swings’ is a high point: Her steady flow rolls over a hyper drum beat in the verses before she bursts with full energy in the chorus. When’s the next album coming?” —EG
“This song feels like a pep rally for the power of friendship and supportive partnership. TWICE’s music always uplifts me when I’m having a hard day, but these lyrics here especially resonate, and it’s such a fun track.” —Alyssa Bailey, senior news and strategy editor
“I have recently been craving songs that make an odd choice, surprise me, or take me somewhere I’m not anticipating. ‘Spring is Coming With a Strawberry In the Mouth’ from Polacheck’s Desire I Want To Turn Into You: Everasking Edition does just that. Rife with Polachek’s signature wails and experimental noises, the track weaves its way through its melodies. Here, Polachek is defining what the future may sound like.” —SM
“‘Von Dutch,’ the lead single off of Charli XCX’s summer album, Brat, is so good I could vomit. As I’m writing this blurb, I am sitting in our very corporate office dreaming of an insanely messy and alcohol-infused night at the club, ready to be a boy’s ‘number one’ for about 20 minutes before dipping for a little break where I’m another boy’s ‘number one’ for another 20 minutes before coming back to be the first boy’s ‘number one’ yet again— wash, rinse, and repeat until dawn. Charli would want that for me, and this weekend, I’m now determined to make this fantasy a reality. New York, you better watch out.” —SM
“Upon the release of this single, the first from her upcoming album Cyan Blue, Charlotte Day Wilson explained that this song ‘is meant to remind us that losing love and leaving can be just as inspiring as finding it.’ And it certainly sounds inspired. The melody is simple, but the combination of Wilson’s rich vocals and the glitchy electronic accents give the song added dimension. (There’s something almost Frank Ocean-like about it.) The track is just as stunning in the build-up as it is stripped down in the ending.” —EG
“‘Ammunition’ is a dance-inducing highlight on Zara Larsson’s crazy-fun studio album Venus. The pop princess sings about a relationship gone cold on the eclectic track, which concludes with an outro that will leave you wanting more.” —Carine Lavache, senior content strategist
“A few days before he brought Atlanta to the Super Bowl Halftime Show, Usher released his new album COMING HOME. The penultimate track ‘One Of Them Ones’ has been on repeat for me ever since. It was produced by D’Mile who’s worked with everyone from Victoria Monét to Silk Sonic. No wonder it’s a bop!” —JU
“Excuse me, but I did not know there were ‘Daddy Lessons’ haters  in our midst. For those of us who have loved the twangy Lemonade track since day one, and those who welcome another daring creative pivot from Beyoncé, the hoe-down-worthy ‘Texas Hold ‘Em’ is the perfect follow-up, and an apt intro to the icon’s long-awaited country era. A moment for Rhiannon Giddens on the banjo as well. Giddy UP.” —EG
“Leave it to the Icy Girl to drop a track about ‘doing rich shit’ (a.k.a. ‘pretty bitch shit,’ as she makes clear in the hook), like paying her bills, flying first class, and being fine. It’s Saweetie’s signature attitude, laid over a Willie Hutch sample for a classic, old-school vibe. Pinkies up, girls.” —EG
“After teasing ‘Miss Me Too’ on TikTok and at some of her recent shows, Griff finally gave fans what they’ve been waiting for. Kicking off volume two of her current Vertigo project, the catchy pop track reflects upon losing yourself to a lover. It’s an evolution from the somewhat darker Vertigo vol. 1, and begs the question, what’s next from the emerging Brit?” —SM
“Dare you to send this to your ex, no context. Shygirl’s newest EP will take you straight to the club, especially on this SG Lewis collab, which channels those newly-single late nights where the vibe is ‘forget him.’” —EG
“Serpentwithfeet’s recent collabs with Orion Sun and Ty Dolla $ign are worthy hits on his latest album, Grip, which demonstrates his evolution as an artist. But this track with Mick Jenkins stood out to me with its moody feel and that bass line in the chorus.” —EG
“After going through a serious health scare and collapsing in mid-2023, Tori Kelly wrote ‘high water,’ the new single off her upcoming album, Tori., coming out April 5. ‘Something is comin’ in the mornin’ / If I can make it through the night / Whatever comes, Hell or high water / I know, I know what’s on the other side,’ Kelly says on the inspirational track. And what might be on the other side, you ask? It seems like some of Kelly’s best music yet.” —SM
“It’s easy to see why Hurray for the Riff Raff (a.k.a. Alynda Segarra)’s ninth album, The Past Is Still Alive, is being showered with critical praise. Their take on folk music and other traditional genres transport you to the dusty freeways of the American West. And their vivid, narrative songwriting shines throughout the LP. On ‘Hawkmoon,’ there are lines like, ‘Here’s a silver spoon / You can eat your heart out as a prize.’” —EG
“With this single from his upcoming album, Found Heaven, Gray embraces the ’80s with a deeper voice and new vibe, paying homage to rockstars of years past. ‘We’rе lonely dancers / Join me for thе night / We’re lonely dancers, baby / Dance with me so we don’t cry,’ Gray says. It’s a nostalgic dance track for even the saddest, longing soul.” —SM
Everything to Know About Lorde’s New Album 
See Beyoncé's Full Cowboy Carter Tour Setlist
All of Beyoncé’s Cowboy Carter Tour Looks
How to Get Tickets to Beyoncé's Cowboy Carter Tour
Blue Ivy Joins Beyoncé on the Cowboy Carter Tour
Samara Joy Is Redefining Jazz Music
Lorde’s ‘What Was That’ Is Here
Lorde Is Finally Dropping New Music Tonight
How to Get Tickets to Lady Gaga’s 2025 Tour
Addison Rae Knows You Can’t Stop Watching Her
YouTube Is Bringing Creators—and You—to Coachella
All About Miley’s Album Something Beautiful
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.