Through December 23, Palmer Events Center
Almost 200 local artists and 30 bands converge at the 49th edition of this holiday bonanza. Jackie Venson (Dec. 14), Kelsey Wilson (Dec. 20), and Tomar & the FCs (Dec. 22) are just some of the impressive musicians performing at the event. There’s also an array of goodies primed for gifting this season – check out Illuminidol’s celebrity prayer candles for the devout Swifties and Charli XCX stans in your life. Single-day admission costs $12 while a “season” ticket covering each day of the event costs $60. Kids under 12 enter free.   – Derek Udensi
Monday 16, Alamo Drafthouse
Once again, I must issue this particular notice: This is NOT the Queer Film Theory 101 hosted by Michael Graupmann and Lesley Clayton every third Thursday in the Alamo South Lamar’s the Highball. THIS Queer Film Theory 101 screening is simply a time for you to enjoy Rainer Werner Fassbinder’s fever dream final film. Set in the idea of France, the film adapts the novel Querelle of Brest into a sumptuous humpfest where all architecture reflects protagonist George Querelle’s (Brad Davis) phallophilia. Finally: A film that dares to ask if it’s gayer to top or to bottom ...   – James Scott
Monday 16 & Wednesday 18, Austin Playhouse
Remember that god-awful Christmas Carol movie that had Jim Carrey playing almost all the characters filtered through Robert Zemeckis’ evil motion-capture magic? Well, this is nothing like that. Actress, storyteller, and author Bernadette Nason instead brings joyful life to all 30 Carol characters in her recreation of Dickens’ abridged tale. Another great detail that sets this one-woman show apart from that misguided Disney disaster? This show’s an hour, tops – short and sweet!   – James Scott
Monday 16, Howson Branch Library
Perhaps you’ve seen it, but an indelible internet image to me is an old snapshot of a LAN party where a man has duct-taped himself and his desktop PC to the ceiling in order to make more room for his fellow gamers. No need for such antics in these modern times: Austin Public Library sets aside plenty of space for anyone looking to relive the glory days or experience them anew. “Whether you’re a seasoned Spartan or just looking for some nostalgic fun,” APL writes in their event copy. “come frag your friends (and maybe make new ones).” Leave Gen Alpha at home: This party’s for adults only.   – James Scott
Monday 16, AFS Cinema
Living up to the program series title, this Queer Cinema: Lost & Found screener is a Seventies salvage that only recently got a restoration from Canadian International Pictures. Yes: Canada has gay people, too! Scanners’ lead Stephen Lack takes center stage again as a local artist and drug dealer whose meeting with Allan (played by director Allan Moyle) leads him into uncharted territory of family, theft, and bisexuality. Series programmer Elizabeth Purchell shows up in a video intro, preceding a night where the Lewis Furey soundtrack is sure to ring through your gay little head.   – James Scott
Through December 28, Penfold Theatre
You’ve seen the film; you’ve heard Penfold Theatre Company’s radiocasts; and now the tale of George Bailey gets the stagecraft treatment. Ryan Crowder directs this adaptation penned by Penfold co-founder Nathan Jerkins just in time for the holidays, with warmth and redemption coming to life right before y’all’s eyes. For an extra special experience, catch either this Saturday’s performance, where you’ll be able to mix and mingle with the cast and creative team, or the final performance on Dec. 27, where the playwright and director conduct a post-show talk back.   – James Scott
Tuesday 17, We Luv Video
Despite Editor in Chief Kim Jones’ best efforts, I am still recommending you take your yearly dose of Tom Green! Odd World programs a free screening of this 2000s gross-out flick with confidence it’ll bring in only the freakiest among us, with free beer and hop water from St. Elmo’s Brewing. A recent addition to Criterion Channel’s offerings, this controversial Razzie winner leaves many disgusted and some intrigued – as We Luv puts it in their description, “THIS MOVIE IS DESIGNED TO LEAVE YOU DEEPLY UPSET AND IT SUCCEEDS.”   – James Scott
Tuesday 17, Central Presbyterian
It’s terror in the aisles again as Phantom Fest invites the unholy back into Austin’s most welcoming Downtown place of worship with another installment of Horror Church. So far these more-than-just-a-movie experiential screenings have brought in supernatural chills with Carrie and The Exorcist. Now it’s time for something more seasonal with the original and still greatest Canadian slasher, 1974’s Black Christmas. Unlike most college-bound kill frenzies, this movie doesn’t turn its female characters into braindead/soon-to-be-dead eye candy but takes on real issues facing women in the 1970s – then adds one of the greatest, most unnerving killers the genre has ever known. Just don’t pick up the phone ...   – Richard Whittaker
Tuesday 17, AFS Cinema
Perhaps the tidings are too glad this holiday season. Remedy that with Mouchette. The title character lives with her booze-addicted father and wasting, bedridden mother in a remote French village. She changes her infant brother’s diapers and attends to her thankless parents. The baby cries; the mother dies; rabbits are shot by hunters. Mouchette rolls down a hill, into the river, and is seen no more. Director Robert Bresson spoke on the ubiquity of his heroine: She “offers evidence of misery and cruelty. She is found everywhere: wars, concentration camps, tortures, assassinations.”   – Brant Bingamon
Wednesday 18, Hyperreal Film Club
Star of CBS’ The Equalizer – a show I’ve only seen muted on bar kitchen screens – Queen Latifah spent a lotta time in the rom-com circuit bringing her signature style to the genre. This, in Hyperreal Film Club writer Louise Ho’s description, elevated Lifetime movie showcases her skill for uniquely empathetic performances, especially with protag Georgia Byrd, whose terminal diagnosis becomes a starting gun for her living a more fulfilling life. If your last holiday was a whirlwind romp through Europe during which LL Cool J fell in love with you, well: I think that’d be a pretty cool finale to life.   – James Scott
Wednesday 18, Alamo South Lamar
Aliens come to Earth to score drugs ... and go to Houston. Well, of course they do, but not just any drugs: human endorphins! Released internationally under the more generic name of Dark Angel, and with stunt genius Craig R. Baxley directing a script by future Jurassic Park and Spider-Man co-writer David Koepp, it’s oddly better than the schlocky premise suggests and even more fun. But what will get you hooked is a rarely better Dolph Lundgren at his most charming, slugging it out with the hulking Matthias Hues as an interstellar drug dealer. And it’s a Christmas movie, too!   – Richard Whittaker
Thursday 19, Paramount Theatre
This is my favorite film of all time and I must watch it every December. I’ve seen it more than a dozen times. Nowadays I approach it with trepidation. There are at least five points in the story where I will weep: when George is beaten by Mr. Gower; when he learns his brother won’t take over the building and loan (with that incredible close-up of Jimmy Stewart); when George berates Uncle Billy for losing the money; when he tells Clarence, “I want to live again”; and when his brother declares him the richest man in town.   – Brant Bingamon
Want to see all of our listings broken down by day? Go to austinchronicle.com/calendar and see what's happening now or in the coming week. 
A note to readers: Bold and uncensored, The Austin Chronicle has been Austin’s independent news source for over 40 years, expressing the community’s political and environmental concerns and supporting its active cultural scene. Now more than ever, we need your support to continue supplying Austin with independent, free press. If real news is important to you, please consider making a donation of $5, $10 or whatever you can afford, to help keep our journalism on stands.
Support the Chronicle   
Information is power. Support the free press, so we can support Austin.   Support the Chronicle   
Information is power. Support the free press, so we can support Austin.   Support the Chronicle