Charli XCX is setting the record straight with a powerful message to her fans who have been unfairly targeting Taylor Swift following the release of her new album Brat.
Released earlier this month, Brat is shaping up to be one of Charli’s most successful projects yet. The album just missed the top spot on the charts in the United Kingdom and soared to the Top 3 on the Billboard 200 in the United States. Despite these achievements, some fans are placing blame on Taylor Swift for blocking Charli from the number one spot in the UK. This drama unfolded when Taylor dropped yet another deluxe version of her album The Tortured Poets Department the same week Brat was released.
A vocal subset of Charli’s followers has taken this overlap personally, expressing their discontent both online and at her shows. This tension came to a head when a video surfaced showing some fans shouting “Taylor is dead” at one of Charli’s concerts, prompting a powerful response from the singer herself.
“Can the people who do this please stop,” Charli wrote, resharing the clip on her Instagram story. “Online or at my shows, it is the opposite of what I want and it disturbs me that anyone would think there is room for this in this community. I will not tolerate it.”
Charli’s message is clear: there’s no room for negativity or hostility in her fanbase, especially not towards a fellow artist. Her stance reinforces a sense of mutual respect and community within the music industry, urging her fans to rise above petty rivalries.
Taylor Swift, known for her own passionate fanbase, has not publicly responded to the situation.
By: Michelle |
June 25, 2024

in ENTERTAINMENT, Featured Post, GOSSIP, MUSIC  
Popstar! Magazine brings you the latest in celebrity, entertainment and lifestyle news from around the world. Now in our 21st year, we continue to set the standard in the ever evolving field of millennial entertainment. We pride ourselves on being your number one source for accurate information about the topics you care about, including entertainment, beauty, fashion, health, wellbeing and news. Popstar! provides high quality videos for you to binge watch and we now offer a completely free digital bonus magazine that goes in depth to provide exclusive celebrity stories that you won’t find anywhere else. Popstar’s radio station provides you with tomorrow’s pop, rock and hip-hop hits, today. Streaming music and talk radio 24/7!
Connect with Popstar! on social media to stay up to date with all of the latest news and share your feedback. We would love to hear from you!