Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
Tom Daley, Jack Laugher, Noah Williams and other Team GB divers have been spotted joining in on a viral dance trend while at this year's Olympic Games. The team has been busy competing in Paris and keeping fans updated with their antics on social media.
Tom, 30, shared a video of himself and his diving teammates taking part in the 'Apple dance challenge' on Sunday afternoon. The viral dance trend is set to the tune of Charli XCX's song 'Apple', which was released earlier this year. The challenge involves participants performing a specific dance routine that matches some of the lyrics in the song's chorus.
In the video, Tom can be seen showing off his dance moves alongside teammates Jack, 29, Noah, 24, Anthony Harding, 24, Kyle Kothari, 26, and Jordan Houlden, 26. The group were filmed doing the routine in their Adidas swimming trunks on a rooftop. In the caption accompanying the video, Tom wrote: "BRAT Summer Olympics.", reports the Mirror.
This was a nod to Charli XCX's album Brat, which features the song 'Apple'. The video has already racked up over 200,000 likes on Instagram and an extra 4,000 likes on TikTok.
Fans have been sharing their reactions in the comments sections since the video was posted. One quipped: "Give him another medal for this." Another enthused: "Oh this trend has now PEAKED." A different user commented: "Now that's a brat summer." Another fan wrote: "The content I didn't know I needed."
Some are predicting the clip's viral destiny. One Instagram user speculated: "This is going to break the internet." Echoing the sentiment, another chimed in: "Oh this is going to be so viral." Adidas' official account praised: "Ten out of ten." And someone else appreciating the effort penned: "Catering to your audience. Thank you for your service boys."
There's also a hint that Tom might have been the instigator behind the scenes. Accompanied by a laughing emoji, one fan suggested: "Tom def convinced them all to do it." Curiously, another asked with the same emoji: "How did you get them to agree to this? ".
Team GB's divers have joined a host of stars in embracing the dance craze started by Kelley Heyer. Charli XCX, along with friends like Troye Sivan, has given it a whirl.
Celebs such as Eva Longoria, Dave Grohl, Kerry Washington, and Cara Delevingne have all given the dance a go, since it exploded online. The 'Twisters' cast members Anthony Ramos, Daisy Edgar-Jones, and Glen Powell even showcased their moves in a shared clip.