3.0/5.0
“And I, never met/ A sound that doesn’t have meaning,” Kaya Wilkins, better known by the moniker Okay Kaya, croons on the opening track of her fourth studio album Oh My God - That’s So Me. 
This line precisely encapsulates the record’s energy, with its rambling lyricism woven into a tapestry of moody basslines and haunting synths. This is an album that affords the Norwegian-American musician the chance to be intentional with every musical choice she makes — even creative silence is swaddled thick in anticipation. 
Thrust into the limelight with her 2020 track “Mother Nature’s B---h,” Wilkins is characterized by her off-kilter lyricism, best described as nebulous, peculiarly beautiful and reminscient of the creative writing efforts at the Iowa Writers’ Workshop. 
The record is best contextualized by the fact that it was composed, produced and recorded by Wilkins on the remote island she moved to last year. The frequent allusions to the natural world, Greek mythology and continental philosophy make more sense when framed within the semi-isolation the album was born in. 
Musically, Oh My God - That’s So Me carries the whimsical, dreamy essence consistent with previous Okay Kaya projects. Wilkins has a distinctly particular sound, one best described as the love child of the honey-smooth voice of Norah Jones and the tender musicality of Alice Phoebe Lou. 
This record doesn’t stray far from the tried and true, with the exception of one track. “Spacegirl (Shirley’s)” is the most engrossing song on the album, one that’ll have listeners turning up the volume in their cars despite its familiar edge as a cover of Shirley Collins’ classic folk song. Over a steady, grungy thrum, Wilkins narrates the colorful adventures of a “Terran girl” across the galaxy, braving Martians and monsters and smooth-talking pilots. 
The gritty bassline’s strum coupled with Wilkin’s tangy repetition of “I did, I did, I did” at the end of every verse prompts old Western images, ironic for a track centered around a celestial heroine. Towards the end of the track, her voice raises to a pitchy near-scream. It’s a refreshing twist on the original, giving the song a darker bite. Maybe it’s not the best sign that the album’s most compelling track is a cover — but maybe it further testifies to Wilkins’ skill as a creative, breaking free from pastiche to draft something new.
The rest of the record is a complete 180, with most of the other tracks centered on the minutiae surrounding human complexity and ecological change. Lead single “The Groke,” named after the character from the Swedish cartoon “Moomin,” is a groovy, psychedelic allegory for climate destruction. Despite its dismal imagery, the track still sounds like it could be the theme song to an old children’s TV show — apt, considering its titular inspiration.
“Undulation Days,” the second single released, is an eerily beautiful ode to maternity. A la Charli XCX’s summertime release “I think about it all the time,” perhaps 2024 is the year of devastating, diaristic confessionals pertaining to the relationships between motherhood and identity. The track is starkly simple, just Wilkins’ creamy vocals over a soul-stirring piano tune. A good five seconds of dead silence splits the song in half— one that leaves listeners with a disconcerting feeling befitting of its obviously darker subject. The outro, in which Wilkins repeats “I wanted nothing more,” is a heart-wrenching elegy to her bereftness. 
In the end, Oh My God - That’s So Me is a perfectly fine record. Though it doesn’t necessarily break any barriers, nor will it go down as anything particularly remarkable, it’s certainly not lukewarm either. The record is a good time and makes for easy listening — which is far more than one can say for the relentless onslaught of watered-down indie pop released on the daily. Okay Kaya has done it again — and decently well.
We're an independent student-run newspaper, and need your support to maintain our coverage.
Join our weekly newsletter!
CHECK OUT OUR MOST RECENT PRINT EDITION
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: