“What a take you little clown"
Finneas has responded to a commenter calling his sister Billie Eilish‘s ‘Guess‘ verse “predatory”.
Eilish recently released her guest verse on Charli xcx‘s salacious song ‘Guess’, which sees the singer claim she wants to “try it, bite it, lick it, spit it / Pull it to the side and get all up in it / Kiss it, bite it, can I fit it? / Charli likes boys, but she knows I’d hit it / (Knows I’d hit it) / Charli, call me if you’re with it.”
However, some detractors have taken issue with the verse, with one TikTok user calling the verse “highkey predatory”. They went on to claim Eilish was “queerbaiting for commercial gain” by “reducing girls to mere objects, all in an efffort to convince the masses that she’s actually into them lol. Charli is 32 and engaged FYI”.
In response, Finneas took to the comments section to defend his sister, writing: “What a take you little clown.
“I got to watch the entire internet slam my sister for queer-baiting for an entire year when in reality, you were all forcing her to label and out herself,” he continued.
#billieeilish #charlixcx 
 ♬ Guess featuring Billie Eilish – Charli xcx & Billie Eilish 
Finneas is referring to backlash Eilish received upon promoting her song ‘Lost Cause’, whose video was accused of “queer-baiting”.
Following intense speculation from a Variety profile in which Eilish said she was “physically attracted” to women, the singer officially confirmed she was queer on a red carpet interview with the publication.
However, the singer then claimed Variety “outed her”, writing in a later Instagram post: “I like boys and girls, leave me alone about it please”.
Eilish has since admitted she “overreacted”, saying: “The whole world suddenly decided who I was, and I didn’t get to say anything or control any of it. Nobody should be pressured into being one thing or the other, and I think that there’s a lot of wanting labels all over the place.”
She continued: “I’ve known people that don’t know their sexuality, or feel comfortable with it, until they’re in their 40s, 50s, 60s. It takes a while to find yourself, and I think it’s really unfair, the way that the internet bullies you into talking about who you are and what you are.”
In other news, Charli XCX and Billie Eilish have donated 10,000 pairs of pants from new ‘Guess’ remix video.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.