In new AI generated campaign, ‘Mini Pearl Adventures’, Gong cha is using vertical video to promote its new Mini Pearls
    

      The campaign features actor Joe Jonas and a diverse squad of top-tier creators like Dude with Sign, Paul Olima, Sherlina
    

      The creative revolves around 10 different jokes which are served depending on the data trigger and the location concerned. For
    
Charles Frank and Andrew Hutcheson, Co-Founders of Brooklyn-based production company Voyager, are thrilled to unveil their latest venture: the launch of post-production studio, Leap Year. With the creation of Leap Year, they are solidifying their commitment to post-production, offering a stand-alone studio with a curated roster of top-tier talent, and are excited to open their doors to like-minded collaborators including other production companies, agencies and brands.
"Leap Year's evolution from an internal post solution at Voyager to a broader, independent studio offering was driven by our extensive experience and network in both production and post equally,” shares Co-Founder/Director Frank. “Recognizing its potential beyond our walls, what started as a conversation about enhancing our offerings in a more substantial way quickly transformed into a vision of collaboration with other production companies, agencies, and clients we admire, shaping a new era of creative partnership.”
Since co-founding the successful production house in 2015, Voyager has regularly shepherded their productions through post in-house, executing countless film and commercial projects through final delivery. Transforming it into a boutique standalone post-production studio was a natural progression. Voyager Senior Editor, Austen Deery, organically transitioned to Leap Year’s creative roster, and is accompanied by editors Nico Frank, Kauai and Jeff Watterson, for each of whom this is their first exclusive commercial representation following successful freelance editing careers in their own right.
“Handing off projects after shooting felt like a disservice to the storytelling essence our agencies and partners sought,” expresses Co-Founder/EP Hutcheson. “Leap Year emerged as a natural extension of that, aiming to enhance partnerships and support directors in crafting compelling narratives. For us, the process is as crucial as the outcome, and Leap Year is dedicated to amplifying that focus."
The team also welcomes Managing Director and EP Kira MacKnight, whose tenure at esteemed audio post-production studio, One Thousand Birds, included spearheading Super Bowl campaigns for clients such as Squarespace, Crown Royal, Bud Light and TurboTax, and countless films with extensive festival runs, including the Academy Award-nominated “Traffic Stop” and the Emmy-winning “Zion.” Additionally, she has collaborated with clients including Chanel, Apple, Marvel, Peloton and Adidas and has worked on a variety of film and experiential projects for artists like Janelle Monáe, Charli XCX, Fka Twigs, Tyler, the Creator, among others.
“My passion lies in building frameworks and processes for teams to be able to grow, adapt, and thrive,” shares MacKnight. “Joining Leap Year at this pivotal moment and being able to do just that in support of providing the best possible experience for our insanely talented roster of editors and our clients is a dream come true.”
The post-production hub cleverly chose February 29th for its launch, echoing the human-made “leap year” concept which adds an extra day to the calendar to synchronize seasons. Leap Year believes in the importance of making time. Working collaboratively out of Voyager's new headquarters in Brooklyn’s Fort Greene neighborhood, they offer real-time remote and in-person sessions in their new edit suite.
A trusted partner among agencies and brands and a successful launchpad for emerging directors, Voyager has collaborated year after year with the biggest and best brands in the world including Nike, Meta, and Kia among others. Their work has been acknowledged at the most prestigious festivals and award shows, from SXSW and the Academy Awards to Cannes Lions and The One Show.
About Leap Year:
Leap Year is a post-production studio with an expertise in offline editorial. Our partnerships with brands, agencies, and production companies are built on the belief that making time is the key to great work.
Leap Year’s tightly curated roster of editors is our creative backbone and, along with our extensive network of colorists, VFX artists, animators, sound designers, + mixers, we’re honored to collaborate year after year with the biggest and best brands in the world including Nike, Meta, and McDonald’s. Our work has been acknowledged at the most prestigious festivals and award shows, from SXSW and the Academy Awards to Cannes Lions and The One Show.
Let’s make time. 
About Voyager:
Voyager is a Brooklyn-based production company that tells stories of all sizes for agencies, brands, and audiences everywhere. Founded in 2015, Voyager quickly established itself as an incubator for new talent, garnering awards at D&AD, One Screen, YDA, Young Guns, and CLIOs. Voyager and its directors have collaborated with agencies such as 72&Sunny, Anomaly, and Wieden+Kennedy, and for clients like Adidas, Kia, and McDonald’s, among countless others. Their documentary and narrative films are available for streaming on Hulu, HBO, and Prime Video, being recognized at such prestigious festivals as SXSW, Tribeca, and CIFF. Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known.
Great! You’ve successfully signed up.
Welcome back! You've successfully signed in.
You've successfully subscribed to AdLand.
Your link has expired.
Success! Check your email for magic link to sign-in.
Success! Your billing info has been updated.
Your billing was not updated.