By
			
			Brandon Schreur		

Johnny Knoxville, Daveed Diggs, and more have joined the cast of I Want Your Sex.
I Want Your Sex is a new spicy thriller movie that is directed and co-written by Gregg Araki. Produced and fully financed by Black Bear, the film recently wrapped production in Los Angeles, California.
It was previously announced that I Want Your Sex will star Olivia Wilde, Cooper Hoffman, and Charli XCX. Now, Knoxville (Jackass) and Diggs (Blindspotting) have joined the cast alongside Mason Gooding (Scream), Chase Sui Wonders (Bodies Bodies Bodies), and Margaret Cho (All That We Love).
“How far is too far? When fresh-faced Elliot (Hoffman) lands an exciting job for renowned artist, icon, and provocateur Erika Tracy (Wilde), his fantasies come true as Erika taps him to become her sexual muse,” the synopsis from the film reads. “But Elliot soon finds himself out of his depth as Erika takes him on a journey more profound than he ever could have imagined, into a world of sex, obsession, power, betrayal, and murder. Featuring outrageous characters and a playful sense of humor, I Want Your Sex will upend expectations in a way that will both shock and delight!”
Araki co-wrote the original screenplay for I Want Your Sex alongside Karley Sciortino. Both Araki and Sciortino produce the movie with Seth Caplan, Teddy Schwarzman, and Michael Heimler. John Friedberg, Joanne Roberts Wiles, and Courtney L. Cunniff serve as executive producers for Black Bear.
Araki is known for making the Teenage Apocalypse trilogy, which includes 1993’s Totally F***ed Up, 1995’s The Doom Generation, and 1997’s Nowhere. His 2010 movie Kaboom was the first-ever winner of the Cannes Film Festival Queer Palm, while his filmography also includes 1992’s The Living End, 1999’s Splendor, 2007’s Smiley Face, and 2014’s White Bird in a Blizzard.
A release date for I Want Your Sex has not yet been announced.
Source: Black Bear
Brandon Schreur has been writing about comics, movies, television shows, and all things pop culture for roughly five years. He's a lifelong cinephile who spends way, way too much money buying Blu-rays and trade paperbacks. You can find him on twitter at @brandonschreur.
Share article