By HEIDI PARKER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  14:34, 29 August 2024   |  Updated:  15:41, 29 August 2024   
 27
View  comments
Emily Ratajkowski's fans were happy with her new look.
On Wednesday, the 33-year-old cover girl announced she has landed a very high-profile campaign for a top British fashion designer.
The former love interest of Harry Styles is now the face of the fall 2024 Chelsea Collection for London-based designer Kurt Geiger. 
But the look was different for her. Instead of tons of makeup and little clothing on - like she does in her Inamorata bikini ads - she went light on the paint and had her famous figure covered.
One follower of hers even said: 'Its a very good idea, making THE BAGS the center of attention.'
Emily Ratajkowski 's fans were happy with her new look. On Wednesday, the 33-year-old cover girl announced she has landed a very high-profile campaign for a top British fashion designer
On Instagram Emily was seen in the new images as she had on a dark blue denim top with a matching miniskirt and gold-toed cowgirl boots while holding one of Kurt's black purses. 
The designer's logo is a metal eagle's head usually with crystal eyes. 
'New for @kurtgeiger -  introducing the Chelsea Collection for Fall '24 #kurtgeiger #chelseabag,' read the caption.
Geiger opened his first store in the capital of Great Britain in 1963. 
He makes men's and women's shoes as well as bags, sunglasses, hats, gloves, belts, and various jewelry.
This comes after she branded a body-shamer she caught on camera 'not mindful'.
The model, actress and author, famed for her raunchy Instagram posts, was hit with a sexist remark as she was shooting content for TikTik in New York City.
Her video showed a man, who did not appear on camera, interrupt her stroll to tell her: 'Girl, put on a shirt.'
Emily – who was walking in a low-cut grey tank top at the time as well as a gold choker necklace and black leggings – said in a caption written over the footage: 'Wait for it: man tells me to put on a shirt. Famously not demure, famously not mindful.'
Emily's final line referenced the new 'demure' TikTok trend started by Jools Lebron, with the buzzword meant to encapsulate an attitude of being cutesy, clean and mindful, from words to fashion choices.
The former love interest of Harry Styles is now the face of the fall 2024 Chelsea Collection for London-based designer Kurt Geiger. But the look was different for her
Instead of tons of makeup and little clothing on, she went light on the paint and had her famous figure covered. One follower of hers even said: 'Its a very good idea, making THE BAGS the center of attention'
Mother-of-one Emily – who has her son Sylvester Apollo, three, with ex-husband Sebastian Bear-McClard, 37, and is rumoured to be dating singer Shaboozey, 29, quickly racked up nearly two million views of her post.
She set the video to Charli XCX's hit song '365' off her newest album 'Brat'.
Emily's fans filled the comments section of her post with outrage, with one saying it was 'crazy' to ask her to put on a shirt as she is so beautiful.
The model has admitted to 'exploiting' herself and 'using her body' to achieve 'fame and success', with Emily now said to be worth $8 million.
At the star of the new Geiger video she can be seen leaning into the camera
She told 'CBS Mornings' she was aware of how she was 'capitalizing on her sexuality' when she was younger in attempt to gain control over her life.
Emily added: '(In) my early 20s, I really thought of myself as hustling and working the system and saying, 'Okay, I know what I can get from becoming a model and from using my body to have fame and success.'
'And, I even called it empowerment.'
Earlier this month she said she was made to feel 'small' by 'powerful men' - and admits she can be 'aggressive and not particularly nice' around them.
The model has spoken at depth about romanticizing marriage and how she was made to feel 'extremely small' and 'less important and valuable' after her split from ex-husband Bear-McClard in September 2022.
Speaking to author Larah Manguso about her novel 'Liars', Emily told Vogue: 'I felt marriage was a romantic thing. I thought that it would ultimately be a partnership. I didn't think about shared labour because, in the immortal words of Cardi B, 'I don't cook, I don't clean. Let me show you how I got this ring.' After having a child, I found myself accepting what was happening. I never cooked, and suddenly I was not just cooking but also being the breadwinner while simultaneously organising our social schedule and being the primary caretaker of our child. I'm really interested in the decisions we make in our lives, particularly as women. I would like to have conversations about how women survive marriage and children.'
Emily explained how she was made to feel like a 'possession'.
Here she held on to a very oversized purse
She said: 'I have a really complicated relationship with powerful men. I certainly didn't want someone who needed me to feel small. I'm quite unpleasant around men who need that, even if they don't make that explicitly clear; I tend to be aggressive and not particularly nice. I have often attracted men who like big personalities. And yet, by the end of my marriage, I found myself very much in the same position as Jane, which was that my world was suddenly extremely small and less important, less valuable. 
'It was a slow devolution from 'Oh, we're partners, and this person respects all that I'm doing' to feeling like a possession. I had a deep understanding of misogyny in many ways because I'd not only been raised with parents who talked about it, but I also had very unusual and specific experiences around gender as a model. I really wanted to believe that we were past that.'
The High Low with EmRata podcast host filed for divorce from Uncut Gems producer Sebastian after sources confirmed to Page Six he had allegedly cheated on her multiple times.
She famously had a pair of divorce rings made from the two-stone engagement ring she received from the 37-year-old filmmaker in 2018.
Even though Emily and Sebastian continue to co-parent their son Sylvester, three, she has moved on from their relationship with several flings including with Harry Styles, 30, Pete Davidson, also 30, Eric André, 41, and 37-year-old DJ Orazio Rispo.
Emily has most recently been linked to musician Shaboozey, 29.
Mr Bean&rsquor;s daughter 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group