Sign up for your daily dose of dope.
These celebrities messed up while in front of an audience! 
Contact us by Email
Nov. 1 2024, Published 2:30 p.m. ET
Madonna fell down a flight of stairs during her performance at the 2015 Brit Awards.
Among the onstage accidents that happened in the industry over the years, A2Z Events CEO Jarred Abbot picked the craziest mishaps that affected artists and their fans.
Abbot said: "These incidents, while unfortunate, often highlight the resilience and professionalism of performers. They also serve as reminders of the importance of safety measures and the unpredictable nature of live performances."
First on the list is Madonna, who had a dramatic fall at the 2015 Brit Awards.
At the time, the Queen of Pop fell down the stairs and landed on the floor awkwardly after a dancer tried to remove her cape at the beginning of her performance. Fortunately, she recovered from the accident and continued her Living For Love performance.
Madonna issued a statement afterward, assuring her fans she was OK and explaining that her cape was tied too tight.
She wrote on Instagram: "Nothing can stop me and love really lifted me up. Thanks for your good wishes!"
Lovato suddenly slipped and fell while performing at a pool party nearly a decade ago.
Standing in second place is Demi Lovato, who suffered a similar mishap during a pool party performance in 2015.
During the event, which took place at the WaterMarke Tower, Lovato was standing on a platform in the middle of the pool when she suddenly slipped and fell. She immediately got up like nothing happened before jumping into the pool to join her fans.
The country singer accidentally stepped off the edge of a stage during a 2013 concert.
Luke Bryan, who is third on the list, faced an accident when he fell off the stage during a 2014 concert.
He was covering Macklemore & Ryan Lewis' Can't Hold Us in Charlotte, N.C., when he suddenly stepped off the edge of the stage. 
Bryan said after finishing the song: "So check this out. Check this out. The last time I was in North Carolina, I busted my a-- on stage. What is it about North Carolina that makes me bust my a--?"
The That's My Kind of Night singer, 48, had a few stitches after the concert.
McGraw's dark childhood eventually led him to a drinking problem.
Tim McGraw tumbled off the stage during a performance at Boots in the Park in 2022.
The incident, which is fourth on A2Z Events and Abbot's list, saw McGraw making his way to the edge of the stage to greet his fans. As he bent down, he lost his balance and ultimately fell backward.
Security present in the area helped the 57-year-old country singer, who was fortunately left unscathed.
During a Canada show in 2016, the Yummy singer fell through an open trapped door an immediately continued performing.
Justin Bieber fell through an open trapped door he failed to notice during a 2016 show in Saskatoon, Canada. He immediately returned to the stage for his performance after the incident.
He told his audience: "Good thing I’m like a cat and landed on my feet. That scared the f--- outta me."
The Golden hitmaker took a fall while singing with his former band One Direction back in 2015.
Securing the sixth slot on the list, Harry Styles' fall during a 2015 One Direction concert in San Diego also made headlines.
The Watermelon Sugar hitmaker became a little too excited that he took a tumble while dancing to the band's hit track Through the Dark.
Grande quickly recovered from part of a stage reportedly collapsing beneath her during a Toronto performance.
In 2015, Ariana Grande had an onstage blunder during a performance of Bang Bang in Toronto. Part of the stage reportedly collapsed underneath the we can’t be friends singer, but she wowed her fans when she quickly recovered from it.
The Australian singer tumbled during a VMA benefit concert and laughed before resuming the show.
Iggy Azalea fell off the stage at a VMA benefit concert in Hollywood before the 2014 MTV Video Music Awards. She was performing her hit song Fancy with Charli XCX when she accidentally took a tumble.
The Go Hard or Go Home rapper did not sustain injuries and even laughed before resuming the show.
Daily updates from the heart of Hollywood, right to your inbox
By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you’re agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
Trainor fell while appearing on The Tonight Show in 2016, and host Jimmy Fallon joined her on the floor in a hilarious moment.
During a 2016 appearance on The Tonight Show to perform her new single Me Too and promote her album Thank You, Meghan Trainor saw herself falling flat on her back when she took a tumble onstage.
Jimmy Fallon hilariously joined Trainor by also lying down on the floor, making her feel at ease.
The host quipped: "Of every single dance move, grabbing the mic is the toughest. Standing ovation for Meghan Trainor, everybody!"
Gomez once misstepped during a show in Oklahoma but was able to quickly recover.
Even Selena Gomez became a victim of onstage mishaps when she fell during her Revival Tour stop in Tulsa, Oklahoma. At the time, she missed her step while performing Kill Em With Kindness.
She quickly recovered after the fall and resumed her performance.
Email us at tips@radaronline.com
It's all over all right. On May 14, just one day before news broke that Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez are allegedly headed toward a divorce, the singer was spotted house-hunting on her own in Beverly Hills, RadarOnline.com revealed.
BY Aaron Johnson
Clint Eastwood has hit his “frankly, I don’t give a damn” moment in life!
BY Radar Staff
Tom Cruise is living up to his Top Gun image by splashing a fortune choppering his new female “best pal” around Britain – after he “fell in love” with the way she's overcome her disability.
BY Aaron Tinney
More From Radar Online
Opt-out of personalized ads
© Copyright 2025 RADAR ONLINE™️. A DIVISION OF MYSTIFY ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK INC. RADAR ONLINE is a registered trademark. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy. People may receive compensation for some links to products and services. Offers may be subject to change without notice.