A Welsh rock band has been taking on Taylor Swift in the charts after releasing their new album, which has achieved the number three spot in the UK Midweek Album Charts. The band - Scarlet Rebels - are a five-piece Welsh melodic rock band based in Llanelli which has been described as being “20 years in the making.”
Their latest album Where The Colours Meet is currently standing among some of the biggest names in the industry. Swift’s The Tortured Poet's Department album is currently sitting behind the Welsh band’s at number four.
The Welsh rockers on an indie label have now reacted to the news, sharing their disbelief at the milestone. For the latest TV & Showbiz news, sign up to our newsletter
READ MORE: New Order in Cardiff 2024: Stage times, banned items, road closures, barrage restrictions and how to get there
READ MORE: McFly in Cardiff Bay: Set times, barrage access, road closures, banned items and where is Alexandra Head
Frontman Wayne Doyle said: “We’re shocked. Seeing us sat in the middle of these giants of the music industry like Post Malone, Taylor Swift and Charli XCX.It shows the power and the support of the rock fans in the UK and how our Rebel Club have banded behind us and stood tall for us once again.
“We’re so appreciative of it! But we need everyone to continue that push by sharing and encouraging their friends to order a copy of what we feel is our best ever record.”
They also have had successes in previous years, such as with their last album See Through Blue which peaked at number seven, but have also endured a few hiccups along the way.
They once travelled to Austin, TX, for SXSW, when Wayne’s phone SIM stopped working, and by the time they returned to the UK, they discovered they had missed several calls from BBC Radio, who had been eager to feature them after catching wind of their performance, but the chance by this point had disappeared.
Scarlet Rebels, who also caught the eye, or ear, of late, legendary Stereophonics drummer Stuart Cable, also recalled another time when they were asked to change their image, cut their hair, and remix their songs to be marketed as the next Busted. Wayne stood his ground and refused, only to find out weeks later, when he went back to ask about the songs being remixed, that they’d moved on - they'd heard that they’d auditioned musicians and McFly was born.
On Cable the band shared that their second album, Zer0, caught the attention Cable who had started playing their music on his show and was set to mentor them, even planning an acoustic session. Tragically, he passed away just days before the session, leaving another chapter of what might have been back in 2010.
Now, with Where The Colours Meet, and also following on from the chart victory of their last album, it seems the band are finally seeing the success they have been working towards for two decades.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.