"She fights for the rights and causes I believe need a warrior to champion them"
Taylor Swift has announced her endorsement for Vice President Kamala Harris‘ presidential candidacy – see what she had to say below.
After weeks of silence on the US presidential elections race between Donald Trump and Kamala Harris, Swift has finally thrown her support for Harris following the two candidates’ debate. Swift’s stance comes just two months ahead of the election.
Swift wrote on an Instagram post today: “I will be casting my vote for Kamala Harris and Tim Walz in the 2024 Presidential Election. I’m voting for @kamalaharris because she fights for the rights and causes I believe need a warrior to champion them.”
Taylor Swift. Credit: Gareth Cattermole/TAS24/Getty Images
She continued, sharing her reasoning for supporting Harris: “I think she is a steady-handed, gifted leader and I believe we can accomplish so much more in this country if we are led by calm and not chaos. I was so heartened and impressed by her selection of running mate @timwalz, who has been standing up for LGBTQ+ rights, IVF, and a woman’s right to her own body for decades.”
Swift also noted that she was recently made aware of the Trump campaign’s use of AI – which he claims he had no part in – to falsify her support of the former President and convicted felon’s candidacy: “It really conjured up my fears around AI, and the dangers of spreading misinformation. It brought me to the conclusion that I need to be very transparent about my actual plans for this election as a voter. The simplest way to combat misinformation is with the truth.”
The pop megastar also urged fans to do their own research and make their own decisions on who to vote for, while reminding first-time voters to register: “I also want to say, especially to first time voters: Remember that in order to vote, you have to be registered! I also find it’s much easier to vote early. I’ll link where to register and find early voting dates and info in my story.”
See Taylor Swift’s full post below.
A post shared by Taylor Swift (@taylorswift)
Taylor Swift is now the latest musician to throw her support behind Kamala Harris. Other big-name acts like Charli XCX, Beyoncé, Megan Thee Stallion, P!nk, Bon Iver, Quavo and more have come out in support of Harris as she continues to campaign ahead of this November’s election.
On the eve of the 2020 election, Swift shared a video message in which she encouraged fans to vote, having already formally endorsed Joe Biden earlier in that campaign. Last year, she led record-breaking numbers of people to the Vote.org website after encouraging her fans to register to vote.
Though Swift has yet to address Trump in this go-around, she had previously commented on the Republican nominee, slamming him in 2020: “We will vote you out in November”, and accusing him of “gaslighting the American public” a year earlier.
Back in February, Trump responded to claims that Joe Biden was seeking endorsement from the pop star to swing the next election in a series of strange posts where he claimed he made Swift “so much money”, and was fond of her boyfriend – “even though he may be a Liberal, and probably can’t stand me!”
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.