Eurovision performer Olly Alexander
Olly Alexander is still teasing fans as they eagerly await news about his upcoming Eurovision song.
Last year, the former Years & Years frontman revealed he would be representing the UK at Eurovision in May, which is being held in Malmö following Loreen’s win for Sweden in 2023.
So far, he’s been throwing Eurovision fans a few crumbs to keep us all intrigued (leading many to piece together that his competing song would be called Dizzy), and on Tuesday, unveiled a brand new teaser clip.
And as a surprise for all of us, the video saw him teaming up with BBC Breakfast favourite Carol Kirkwood.
View this post on Instagram
A post shared by olly alexander (@ollyalexanderr)
In the faux weather report, the It’s A Sin star teased that there would be a “rare phenomena of dizzy spells” hitting the UK in the near future, appearing to confirm rumours about the name of his song.
“From what we can see, there isn’t an end to these dizzy spells for the foreseeable just yet, and no telling if they’ll continue to go round and round or just eventually go back to the beginning.
Of course, this won’t be news to some of you eagle-eyed viewers, as some of you have already warned us of the impending spells ahead, but we haven’t got the full picture just yet.
He then urged fans to “pay close attention to the varying temperatures on the map behind me”, which included the numbers 11, 1, 29 and 7.
Olly and Carol as seen in their unlikely collab
The clip ends with what appears to be a short snippet for Olly’s Eurovision track, which he’ll be performing at the contest later in the year.
Olly’s mysterious Eurovision track was written with Danny L Harle, whose credits include Dua Lipa’s Houdini and Training Season, as well as songs by Caroline Polachek, Charli XCX, Liam Gallagher and Rina Sawayama.
The chart-topping singer previously said: “As a young boy I always looked forward to this incredible event of unbridled joy, the wonderfully chaotic mix of musical styles, theatrical performances, heartfelt emotion and humour.
“I really can’t believe I’m going to be a part of such a special legacy and fly the flag for the UK in the gayest way possible. It shall be an honour.”
Eurovision Fans Reckon They've Cracked A Major Code About Olly Alexander's Competing Song
Eurovision Bosses Respond To Calls For Boycott Over Israel's Involvement In Competition
BBC Breakfast Fave Carol Kirkwood Confirms She Quietly Got Married Over The Festive Season
King Charles and Queen Camilla released a statement shortly before Prince Harry surprised many royal watchers as he revealed his hopes to reconcile with his family
"I’m not a Catholic but I think posting this a week after the Popes funeral is deeply insulting & deranged."
EDMONTON — Katheryn Speck said she used to be a Canadian nationalist, travelled the world with a maple leaf on her backpack and once lived in Quebec so she could become fluently bilingual.
Justin Trudeau's time as prime minister was marked by authoritarianism and economic decline, while Mark Carney's rise to lead Canada represents a more radical transformation, aimed at turning the country into an administrative region within a larger system of corporate governance.
Kim Kardashian has our jaws quite literally on the floor thanks to a nude bodysuit that has her looking so snatched we can barely cope. Check out the pics...
A guest on Antiques Roadshow was left speechless after an 18th-century item found at a boot sale was valued at thousands — despite being called “disgusting.”
Meet the surprise celebrity couple worth billions more than David and Victoria Beckham and George and Amal Clooney.
Vice President’s Yale Law School friend Jamil Javani, now a Conservative MP in Canada, says it is not a ‘constructive’ moment for a trip to Ontario, given tensions between their two nations
President Donald Trump is being ripped to shreds after he bragged—by all accounts, erroneously—that gas prices had cratered to less than $2 per gallon. “Gasoline just broke $1.98 a Gallon, lowest in years,” Trump wrote on Truth Social this morning, touting the unsourced claim as evidence that the economy was flourishing under his tariffs. Fact-checkers at CNN, PolitiFact, and CBS News were quick to undercut the president, observing that the lowest average gas price of any state was $2.66, in Mis
Long-time White House reporter April Ryan has some theories about President Donald Trump‘s latest slimline look. On this week’s episode of The Daily Beast Podcast, co-hosts Joanna Coles and Samantha Bee asked Ryan, the longest-serving Black White House correspondent in history for her take on Trump’s much-discussed weight loss. “Can I tell you something? I don’t know if he’s lost weight or maybe he’s using a Spanx,” Ryan said, joking that Trump could even be putting multiple layers of the iconic
"It was emotional because the last time I saw that dress was on Anna," Dannielynn's father Larry Birkhead tells PEOPLE of the dress his daughter wore to the 2025 Barnstable Brown Gala
"I think it's time everyone who voted for Trump admit that we made a f****** mess."
Phil McGraw’s description of the president was... something.
The incident happened near downtown Columbus, Ohio, on April 30
"They say 'separation between church and state,' they told me. I said, alright, let's forget about that for one time."
Audrey Backeberg was 20 years old and married with children when she disappeared in 1962
After a routine morning walk with his infant daughter, a father of four was mistakenly reported as 'homeless' by a neighbor
"I caught my boyfriend of more than two years cheating while I was in the hospital, having just given birth to our baby hours before. His (not-so-ex) wife called my phone asking if the newborn in the photo was his."
It wasn’t just Signalgate that led to Mike Waltz being canned as President Donald Trump‘s national security adviser. Before that scandal, Waltz had already angered Trump by going behind his back to talk with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu about waging war on Iran, The Washington Post reported Saturday. Ahead of an Oval Office meeting between Trump and Netanyahu in February, Waltz engaged in “intense coordination” with Israel about its military options against Iran, according to the Po
Vice President JD Vance added weight to the theory that conservatives are increasingly scared of New York Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez. The Democratic lawmaker—as president—would be “the stuff of nightmares,” Vance said in a Fox News interview Friday. When asked about the 2028 presidential race, Vance preferred not to imagine the congresswoman in the Oval Office.