Next has released its new season collection and after having a browse through, I predict it to be one of its most successful yet. Packed full of cosy layers, boho dresses, and chic blouses, this drop is the epitome of versatile styling and I can see so many items working for all sorts of different occasions. 
While summer tends to be the time to jump on fun and exciting trends, I always find myself steering towards classic pieces when the cold weather hits, choosing items I know will look good year after year. I had a look through Next's site and found a few top picks that I predict will be a hit, and are definitely worth bagging.
READ MORE: Debenhams 'sturdy' storage solution is a game changer for anyone with messy bedrooms or living rooms
READ MORE: The White Company's 2024 advent calendar saves £112 on full sized candles, fragrances and more
Available in ecru and black,  this borg jacket looks so cosy and stylish at the same time. I love the black piping and fastening details for some contrast and can definitely see myself reaching for this before leaving the house on a cold autumn morning. 
It's already selling fast, with some sizes having low stock left, however it's luckily still available in sizes XS to 2XL. The brand has plenty more stylish outerwear pieces including this print brushed longline bomber jacket for £45 which has more of a sleek look.
Even though animal print has become somewhat of a trend as of late, it's always been 'in' in my book. This padded gilet is a super chic way to layer your autumn looks, adding extra warmth as well as interest to an outfit. 
Layer it with a blouse or jumper underneath and look instantly put-together, even though minimal effort was required. You can currently nab one in sizes S to XL. If you're looking for some more layering pieces, this faux fur gilet is priced at £46 and is also available in camel, black, and leopard print. 
These 70s style corduroy trousers are the perfect autumnal shade of brown, but also come in several different variations including black, grey, and inky blue. These would look perfect with a jumper, a jacket, and a pair of boots - you can pick them up in sizes 4 to 20.
Next is also selling the mid blue high waist pocket flare jeans for £38 that come in petite and regular sizes from 4 to 20. These would be super versatile and could be easily dressed up or down, depending on your choice of footwear and top. 
Although not a fashion item, this beauty calendar caught my eye and is packed full of items from Benefit, Neom, Philip Kingsley and more. With a saving of over £293, this seems the perfect way to nab a huge haul of beauty treats for less, and would make a lovely gift for those makeup and skincare lovers in your life. 
Elsewhere, Nobody's Child has a new season collection full of autumnal jackets, dresses, and skirts. Additionally, H&M has launched a new collection starring celebrities including Charli XCX and Lila Moss - full of trendy and runway-ready pieces, you can shop the drop here.