Username
Password
Remember me
Forgot your password?

                                Subscribe today to gain access to every Research Intelligencer article we publish as well as the exclusive daily newsletter, full access to The MediaPost Cases, first-look research and daily insights from Joe Mandese, Editor in Chief.
                            
If you're already a paid subscriber, please sign-in.
Username  
                                    
Password  
                                      Forgot?
Log in if you are already a member
Username  
                                    
Password  
                                      Forgot?
Ever since President Joe Biden announced his decision
to drop out of the 2024 presidential race and endorse Vice President Kamala Harris, interest and positive sentiment around the vice president is sky high on TikTok. This is also the case for former
President Donald Trump following the recent assassination attempt, a new report shows. 
Zelf, a social analytics
company, has used proprietary artificial intelligence (AI) technology typically reserved for brands’ customer insights to analyze 153,000 TikTok videos posted between June 27, 2024 and July 26,
2024, compiling its findings into the company’s first political report.
According to Zelf, more than 85,000 TikTok videos were posted about Harris
after Biden announced he would no longer be running. The videos generated over 1.8 billion views, almost doubling the total number of TikTok videos posted about her during the previous year. In
addition, the new posts showed 49% more engagements with positive content than with negative content, marking a major shift in how the public now sees Harris. 
advertisement
advertisement
Since dropping out of the race on July 21, 2024, positive sentiment about President Biden has also increased
substantially, with a large number of commenters supporting his decision. 
“Harris’ boost is
comparable to the boost that Trump received after the assassination attempt,” the report states, adding that the number of videos about Trump over the week follow the shooting increased almost
eightfold, with 50,000 videos posted in the week prior to the attempt on his life to over 400,000 in the wake of the shooting. 
In addition, views on Trump-related content skyrocketed from one billion to six billion during that week, noticeably increasing positive sentiment about the former
President. 
However, as Zelf makes clear, “the collective TikTok memory is short,” as
Trump’s Net Promoter Score (NPS) -- an assessment of how positive or negative discourse is about an individual, issue, or topic within a given time frame, weighted based on video engagement --
has dropped significantly in the past week, along with the videos being posted about him.
“There are over 170 million TikTok users in the U.S. and many
are using it to get their news and information about the election,” says Pepijn van Kesteren, CEO and co-founder of Zelf. “So to properly understand the 2024 presidential election, you
must have an understanding of sentiment on TikTok.”
The report comes days after Harris premiered her official TikTok account. This demonstrates the
social media app’s importance to presidential campaigns and candidates’ abilities to reach younger voters -- a key goal for Harris, who has been running with Millennial and Gen-Z idle
Charli XCX’s recent “Brat” summer shoutout to the vice president, in this year’s race.  
In the first video she posted under her TikTok account, Harris says she has been on the For You Page recently -- affirming the results found in Zelf’s study, and thought she’d
“get on here myself.” 
Ironically, the ByteDance-owned social media company still faces a
potential ban in the U.S. for fears over its connection to the Chinese government, an issue that is publicly supported by President Joe Biden, who signed the law threatening its availability to the
massive user base in this country. 
advertisement