Five Things Your Date Immediately Notices About You – LINK
This one bedtime habit is ruining your relationship — and it’s not bad sex – LINK
Male Ozempic users reporting awful sexual side effect: ‘Say goodbye to sex’ – LINK
Restaurant cook accused of putting his genitals in food items, police say – LINK
Car crashes into Gus’ Pretzel Shop, causes damage – LINK
Toddler Tells Mom She Hears Monsters in Her Bedroom. Beekeeper Discovers Over 50,000 Bees in the Wall – LINK
Nothing Butt the Truth: Understanding Anal Cancer – LINK
Why Do We Want to Squish and Squeeze Things That Are Cute? Science Has the Answer – LINK
These ‘pee stain denim’ designer jeans have an eye-popping price tag: ‘Why would anyone wear this?’ – LINK
MUSIC
Last week, Drew Carey shared some rather CRUDE Tweets about his experience seeing Phish at the Sphere in Las Vegas. One of the things he said was he’d stick his man bits into a BLENDER to see Phish’s Sphere show again. Well, the band definitely saw Drew’s STRONG sentiments, so they sent him a SIGNED blender – LINK
After gathering the interest of more than 10,000 guitarists through email, The Smashing Pumpkins have a new guitar player for their upcoming tour and it’s Kiki Wong – LINK
U2’s Adam Clayton and his wife, Mariana, have divorced after ten years of marriage. The couple shared in a statement that the split was “amicable” and that the remain focused on the care of their young daughter, Alba – LINK
Pink Floyd’s David Gilmour says that he’s open to a Pink Floyd hologram show, but only on some conditions – LINK
TV
Colin Jost was the entertainment at the annual White House Correspondents Dinner over the weekend – LINK
MOVIES
The sexy tennis drama Challengers won the box office this weekend with $15 million in ticket sales – LINK
Pauly Shore says he’s dropped out of that Richard Simmons bio-pic. The comedian made the announcement on Instagram after the fitness guru said he didn’t approve of the movie and said he preferred another actor played him. Pauly said, “I just read the amazing news that Richard Simmons wants Tom Cruise to play him in his biopic. That’s fantastic! Tom Cruise should play YOU. I should play YOU. Tom Arnold should play YOU. Everybody should play YOU. There’s so much great story to tell! Come to think of it, all of this is just too much for me. I’m dropping out of the race like Nikki Haley. I’m opting out. I’m gonna move to a forest in Bangladesh and just do ayahuasca for the next month and rethink my life. Goodbye my Richard Simmons biopic dreams.”
MISC
Harvey Weinstein was hospitalized on Saturday, days after his conviction on rape charges was overturned by an appeals court – LINK
AND FINALLY
Willie Nelson turns 91 today.  He was born very late at night on April 29th, but the county courthouse didn’t register it officially until April 30th.  So, he just celebrates his birthday on both days. The Guardian made a list of his top 25 best songs. We will focus on the top ten.
TV TONIGHT
Monday, April 29th
TOP TALK SHOW GUESTS:
DON’T MISS TV:
All listings are subject to change
Depth created in the offseason took over as the Battlehawks led from start to finish in a 45-12 destruction of the D.C. Defenders, a team they never had beaten in three previous tries. The Battlehawks forced four turnovers, including three interceptions of former St. Louis quarterback Jordan Ta’amu. They blocked two punts, and Andre Szmyt kicked four field goals. Four players scored touchdowns, with two coming from receiver Hakeem Butler. The Battlehawks  are now 4-1 and have won their past four games. They are now tied with San Antonio atop the United Football League’s XFL Conference at the season’s halfway point. Battlehawks top Defenders for 1st time in franchise history – LINK
The Cardinals were within one strike of completing a series sweep and clawing out a one-run win. Then Matthew Libertore gave up a two-strike RBI single to former teammate Harrison Bader with two outs in the bottom of the 11th inning and the Cardinals clinging to a one-run edge. Bader’s single tied the score, then Mark Vientos clubbed a walk-off two-run home run that handed the Cardinals a 4-2 loss in the finale of the three-game set at Citi Field. Defense, Liberatore give Cardinals chance in loss to Mets – LINK
The Kansas City Chiefs are now favored to do what no NFL team has ever done. The two-time defending Super Bowl champions moved from +650 to +550 on Sunday at BetMGM to win Super Bowl LIX. The Chiefs entered the day after the 2024 NFL Draft as the No. 2 favorite to the San Francisco 49ers at +600. Now the Chiefs are ahead of the 49ers after picking up Xavier Worthy. Chiefs move ahead of 49ers as Super Bowl LIX favorites following 2024 NFL Draft – LINK
It’s official — Reggie Bush was welcomed back to the Heisman family on Wednesday … with the Trust sharing a picture of Bush posing with his trophy. Reggie just took to his Instagram page to celebrate the news — showing a picture of his Heisman Trophy with the caption, “No one can take from you what God has for you.” Reggie Bush is soon to be reunited with what’s rightfully his — the Heisman Trust is slated to reinstate the former USC superstar’s prestigious award on Wednesday … after he was stripped of the honor back in 2010. Bush won the Heisman in 2005 after completing one of the best college football seasons ever … but the distinction was ripped from him after a lengthy NCAA investigation determined his family received improper benefits while he was a member of the Trojans program. Things have drastically changed in recent years due to the NCAA’s Name, Image and Likeness rules that allow athletes to profit off their name … and because of that, the Trust felt it was time to make things right with Bush. Bush spoke about the decision with ESPN … saying, “Personally, I’m thrilled to reunite with my fellow Heisman winners and be a part of the storied legacy of the Heisman Trophy, and I’m honored to return to the Heisman family.” “I also look forward to working together with the Heisman Trust to advance the values and mission of the organization.” The Trust came to its conclusion after a “deliberative process,” according to the outlet … and cited “fundamental changes in college athletics” as its reasoning for a change of heart. Trust president Michael Comerford welcomed Reggie back to the Heisman fam … adding, “We considered the enormous changes in college athletics over the last several years in deciding that now is the right time to reinstate the trophy for Reggie. We are so happy to welcome him back.”
Need help accessing the FCC Public File due to a disability? Please contact Melissa Johnson at publicfilestlouis@hubbardradio.com
This web site is not intended for users located within the European Economic Area.

YouTube Terms of Service |
        Google Privacy Policy |
        Google Terms of Service 

© 2025 Hubbard Radio St. Louis, LLC