Hairstylist Evanie Frausto has always loved a beauty transformation. It’s actually what he’s known for—transforming his clients like Bella Hadid, Alexa Demie, and Sherry Shi (live at Forces of Fashion!) on the daily for Vogue shoots, red-carpet events, and life. “I just really clicked with transforming muses using wigs, ponytail pieces, extensions, bangs.”
With each job he booked, Frausto was consistently working with his hair suppliers to “improve the quality of the hair, the ponytails with the right density, or making the lace more transparent”—and when he finally reached that point, his brand Hair by Evanie was just sort of naturally born. “I’ve been working on Hair by Evanie since the start of my career, I just didn’t really realize it,” Frausto, who is also the global artistic ambassador for Bumble and Bumble, says. 
This content can also be viewed on the site it originates from.
You’ve actually been admiring (and lusting over) Hair by Evanie pieces without even realizing it: Hadid’s bleached ends on the cover of POP; Nicole Kidman’s Perfect cover with her split-level ’do; and Charli XCX’s striped ponytails for the Marc Jacobs Heaven campaign. 
The first collection from Hair by Evanie includes two pieces: Wig! and Pony. “Wig! is made of 100% human hair and really speaks to work I’ve done in the past in terms of really cool graphic haircuts in punky colors,” Frausto says. “I thought this would be a good place to start because it leans into fun, transformative aspects of my work. All the wigs are hand-dyed and most are one of one.” 
Wig! is hand-dyed one-of-one pieces. 
Pony by Evanie was inspired by his work with Hadid, Ariana Grande, and Paloma Elsesser. “All of their identity for a long time was a snatched ponytail,” he says. “It inevitably became my thing and part of my identity. The ponytails are really cool because it’s a great way to have fun without it taking completely over your look. You get to add length and color if you want to, and they’re so easy to apply.”
Pony, which is inspired by Frausto’s work with clients like Bella Hadid and Ariana Grande. 
Each of the pieces in both Wig! and Pony are hand-dyed or can be further customized beyond what is presented—depending on how creative the wearer is feeling. Clearly, the entire collection is about having fun. 
“With Hair by Evanie, I aim to bridge the gap where that kind of fantasy meets the everyday world,” Frausto shares. “Hopefully I’ll inspire people to push their looks a little further and express themselves a little more and lean into exploration in beauty. Wigs and extensions are so fun, and they are a great way to fully transform oneself and serve a new kind of energy.”
More from Vogue
See More Stories
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Vogue may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
CN Fashion & Beauty