Manchester music venue winning high praise from performers and concertgoers after being bitten by teething troubles
When Paul McCartney performed on stage at Manchester’s Co-op Live in mid-December, he paused between songs, and looked out on the crowd. Praising the new venue, the musician said he just wanted to “take it all in”.
The state-of-the-art building, which opened earlier this year, is the biggest indoor arena in the UK, with a capacity of 23,500, and its backers include Harry Styles and the Abu Dhabi-based owners of Manchester City.
But it has not always been smooth sailing since its doors first opened in May; venue bosses have had to contend with derision and mirth as the indoor arena was plagued with false starts.
Peter Kay and singer Olivia Rodrigo were among the huge stars whose shows had to be cancelled, moved or delayed, amid tales of air conditioners falling from the ceiling and power supply problems.
The chaotic launch of the arena was named by PR Week as one of the biggest corporate communications disasters of 2024 after its opening was pushed back, and its launch soon went from a source of pride to a punchline.
But now, more than a million tickets have already been sold for gigs at Co-op Live, with Bruce Springsteen, Robbie Williams and Iron Maiden among artists due to take to the stage in 2025.
When Elbow played there in May, the band’s frontman, Guy Garvey, said it was “the best we have ever sounded”, and Take That’s Gary Barlow praised the “amazing sound” after the band played “two wonderful nights” there.
Liam Gallagher, whose four dates sold out in minutes, afterwards said on X “that new MCR arena is up there with NY MSG [New York Madison Square Garden] in my opinion”.
Such high praise from some of the biggest recording artists on the planet means the future looks rosy for the £450m venue.
Guy Dunstan, the new general manager and senior vice-president of Co-op Live, has only been in place for a few weeks, and did not oversee the disastrous opening. “It’s just an absolute pleasure to be running this venue,” he said – a marked turnaround from May and June.
Dunstan believes the latter-day success of the venue is down to the number of well-received shows it has hosted since overcoming its initial teething problems.
“That moment when Elbow went on stage for the first show was the moment where everyone knew that we were in the game, and this was the venue that was going to be at the forefront of the industry market,” Dunstan said.
The local band ended up opening the arena, after earlier dates were cancelled. Since then, Charli xcx, the Eagles and Justin Timberlake are among the other global names to have graced the stage.
Sign up to Sleeve Notes
Get music news, bold reviews and unexpected extras. Every genre, every era, every week
after newsletter promotion
In November, MTV held its music week in Manchester, with the European music awards broadcast from Co-op Live. “We’re on the global map now as a venue and as a city,” Dunstan said. “Perceptions change very quickly when you’re offering world-class experiences.”
While Co-op Live’s opening was undoubtedly one of the more difficult, in the events industry, Dunstan said, “we’re in the business of being really agile, and dealing with the unforeseen”.
He added: “Our people here are hugely talented and committed and have shown a great deal of resilience, because lesser teams would never have bounced back from what they went through in those first few days and weeks.
“But they’re an unbelievable team, and actually I think it’s really strengthened them as a team to come through that, and to now be seeing what we can deliver, show by show.”
The venue’s renaissance perhaps could serve as inspiration for us all. Dunstan says that the key to moving on from difficulties is simply to keep moving forward.
“You’re only as good as your last event,” he said. “And that’s what I’d say to anyone who maybe has had a tough moment in this business and industry, that there’s always an event tomorrow, there’s always something to focus on, learn from it, and then focus and improve.
“That’s what I’ve done in my 28 years in this business. So never let anyone dwell or beat themselves up, it’s about moving forward.”