Virgin Radio
11 Feb 2024, 15:30
Credit: Eurovision
With Eurovision 2024 just months away, countries have been announcing who will be representing them at the competition. 
It wouldn’t be Eurovision without a few eccentric performances, and it seems Finland’s entry, Windows95man, will be bringing exactly that this year. 
On Saturday (10th February), seven musicians competed in Finland with the hopes of representing the country in Sweden this year. All seven songs had already made the charts, but it was No Rules by Windows95man that got the most votes in the end. 
The singer pays homage to the 90s in his performance, wearing cropped denim hot pants, socks with sandals and a Windows95 t-shirt. 
Yes, really.  
Taking to X (formerly known as Twitter) to share their thoughts, one fan wrote: “This is Finland’s entry for Eurovision this year. Prepare yourselves.”
Another wrote: “Finland once again sending a sensible act to represent them in Eurovision. The act is genuinely called Windows95man.”
While a third said: “Not often that I have much #Eurovision prediction information..But…If Finland don’t win it with Windows95 and other fella singing No Rules.. it will be a miscarriage of justice! Top this anyone.. no chance.”
Speaking about his Eurovision entry, Windows95man said: “In my opinion, all Finns are a bit looney-tunes deep inside, and I wanted to bring that out more. Now I can share my music with an even bigger audience as well as spread the joyous message of No Rules.”
Well, we can’t wait to see it. 
Olly Alexander will be representing the UK this year with his song Dizzy, co-written with Danny L Harle, who has produced hits for Dua Lipa, Chic and Charli XCX. 
At the time of the announcement, the Years and Years singer said: “It’s gonna be electronic, something you can dance to. But I can’t say much more than that. 
“I just can’t wait to get out there and meet the fans and everyone else taking part. It’s going to be the wildest experience of my life.”
The Eurovision Song Contest is set to take place this year between Tuesday May 7 and Saturday May 11.
Advertisement
You’ve likely heard Benson Boone playing over the airwaves recently, but who is he, where is he...
Stath Lets Flats’ Jamie Demetriou has revealed whether he’d be up for giving Stath his very own...
We asked, and you delivered! Here are the 100 greatest songs of the 1980s. 
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK on your laptop or desktop computer?
Have you got an Amazon Echo or Google Home device? Listen to Virgin Radio UK by asking your speaker...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK but need to go out and about? Take us with you with the Virgin...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK on your laptop or desktop computer?
Have you got an Amazon Echo or Google Home device? Listen to Virgin Radio UK by asking your speaker...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK but need to go out and about? Take us with you with the Virgin...
Advertisement
© 2025 News UK Broadcasting Ltd. Our 
 and 
 are applicable to you. All rights reserved. VIRGIN and the VIRGIN signature logo are registered trademarks of Virgin Enterprises Limited and are used under licence. For more information on Virgin Radio International visit