Prue Leith, one of the judges on The Great British Bake Off, has taken to the TV show’s TikTok channel to share the start of her ‘Bake Off era’.


  Following a summer trend on social media dubbed 'Brat summer', in a nod to Charli XCX's latest album, Bake Off’s official TikTok account has compiled a video of Leith taking on phrases that only the younger generation truly understand.


  Prue Leith has impressed the youngsters by using a plethora of slang terms in a TikTok video - in other words, she's 'down with the kids' or at least trying to be.


  The video has been a hit with the TV show’s viewers on TikTok, amassing 1.1 million views at the time of writing.


  Starting the video, Prue says: “Brat summer is over besties. It’s time to enter your Bake Off era. This year’s bakers are giving me life.”


  She then turns to comedian Jo Brand and simply says “slay”, receiving a confused expression from Brand.


  Tapping on her own dressing room door, with a sign saying her name on it, Prue says it's “giving main character energy.”


  Then as she pours herself a cup of tea from a teapot, she says it “hits different”.


  A quick move to the dressing table and she’s looking into a handheld mirror, telling herself she’s “popping off Queen.”


























                    View this post on Instagram
                
























A post shared by The Great British Bake Off (@britishbakeoff)






A post shared by The Great British Bake Off (@britishbakeoff)


  As she goes to dunk a biscuit in her tea, she tells the camera “it’s giving ick” – now we knew that one would have to be in there somewhere.


  Holding a picture of fellow Bake Off judge Paul Hollywood, she says “G.O.A.T no cap” before comedian Tom Allen appears and Prue says to him: “Very cutesy. Very mindful. Very demure” – just another trending phrase that did the rounds on social media this summer.


  Prue proudly ends the video by making a heart with her hands and sticking her tongue out, presumably acting like the posers of the younger generation who just love to make hearts with their hands.


Recommended reading:


  The video has amazed Bake Off fans on TikTok with one commenting: “In Prue we trust. Slay queen”.


  Another said: “I’d send this to my parents but I don’t think they’d understand”, adding two crying face emojis.


  “I can tell she’s actually loving this and that makes this even better”, said another.


  With a tearful face emoji and a purple heart, one TikTok user said: “I want to be Prue when I grow up” and “she is so slay”.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.