By KELLY GARINO FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  22:14, 18 December 2024   |  Updated:  16:57, 19 December 2024   
View  comments
Fans of the suspected UnitedHealthcare CEO assassin have extended their adoration to the gates of the Pennsylvania prison where he is being held - with cards, gifts and dance parties.
Luigi Mangione, 26, is being held in isolation and away from the general population in a 15-by-6 foot jail cell at the State Correctional Institution at Huntingdon ever since he was arrested on December 9 for allegedly gunning down chief healthcare executive Brian Thompson in the streets of New York City. 
The extensive media coverage since the attack has aroused a cohort of ghoulish fans praising and supporting the alleged assassin who is behind bars as he awaits his extradition to New York City.
Thousands of social media users have gone online to applaud the execution since Thompson was first shot to death outside the New York Hilton Midtown.
Cards, gifts, financial support and dance parties are just some of the ways super-fans have expressed their respect towards the Ivy League graduate.
The suspect has already received more than 150 deposits into his commissary account, which he can use to buy food, drinks, personal care products and clothing while in the institution, The Baltimore Banner reported.
Mangione has also received more than two dozen emails and at least two pieces of mail since his arrest.
An anonymous online fundraiser on the website GiveSendGo has raised more than $150,000, which it says will be used to help pay his legal fees.
Fans of Luigi Mangione, the suspected assassin of the UnitedHealthcare CEO, have extended their adoration to the Pennsylvania prison gates with cards, gifts and dance parties to show their support for the 26-year-old
Mangione has been held in isolation and away from the general population in a 15-by-6 foot jail cell at the State Correctional Institution at Huntingdon, Pennsylvania
GiveSendGo, an anonymous online fundraiser, has already raised more than $150,000 which the page says will be used to help with Mangione's legal fees 
On online flyer invited supporters to celebrate Mangione's 'going away party' in Pennsylvania and his 'welcome home party' to New York while also informing interested attendees to bring their masks, signs and medical bills 
Thousands of people - all of whom are unnamed on the web page - have left anywhere from five dollars to $1,300 into the fund.
Each donation has a short message accompanied with it - hundreds which have wrote about their own personal experiences with healthcare providers while also hailing Mangione a hero.
The people responsible for setting up the fundraiser informed their donators earlier this month about a letter they personally sent the suspect - gushing about raising thousands for his defense funds.
'You are going through a lot right now, but we wanted to let you know that we set up a legal defense fund for you and we have received over $30,000 and counting to put towards your defense,' the letter read in part.
'Or, if you do not want the funds, toward the defense of other political prisoners and defendants facing politicized charges.' 
One TikTok creator who goes by Adam has added to the Mangione debate online by vouching to dance every day to the song 'Apple' by Charli XCX while outside of the maximum security prison.
The 'Apple dance' is a social media trend that went viral this summer after the release of the British singer's album Brat.
One of his videos received more than 1.6 million views and more than 300,000 likes with humor-filled comments and support flooding his account.
One creator on TikTok who goes by Adam has shared several videos of him dancing to the 'Apple' song by Charli XCX outside of the prison Mangione is currently held in
Another TikTok creator, who goes by Ali, posted a video of when she drove past the prison screaming that she brought Luigi a Baja Blast from Taco Bell while waving the fountain drink out the window 
A Reddit post shared a photo of tents being set up outside of the prison, although it is unclear whether they belong to members of the press
Ever since the death of chief executive Brian Thompson on December 9, anti-capitalists have  celebrated the suspect with some calling the alleged murderer a 'hero'
A Disney-themed dance event that took place on Friday in Boston, Massachusetts, flashed photographs of Mangione from behind the DJ booth as the Hannah Montana song, 'He Could Be The One', blared in the background.
The DJ was then heard telling the pumped-up cheering crowd: 'We got to give the people what they want'.
Another TikTok creator, who goes by Ali, posted a video of themselves driving past the prison while holding a fountain drink from Taco Bell out the window.
'Luigi!!!!!!!!!!' the creator screamed. 'I brought you a Baja Blast!'
A flyer has also been circulating around the internet inviting supporters to attend 'Luigi's Going Away Party in Pennsylvania and Luigi's Welcome Back Party in New York'. 
The addresses of the court houses are posted on the online flyer as well as a memo to bring signs, masks and medical bills. 
A startling new poll has suggested that most young Americans support the slaying of Thompson. 
The poll, released by Emerson College - a private university in Boston, Massachusetts - determined that of 1,000 registered voters surveyed, 41 percent of them between the ages of 18-29 believe Thompson's murder was acceptable.
Of the 41 percent of young voters who agreed that his death is justified, 24 percent of them believe the murder was somewhat acceptable, while 17 percent believe it was completely acceptable, according to the survey.
While a large number of young people agreed Thompson's murder was valid, 40 percent said it was unacceptable. 
Mangione was indicted by a grand jury on 11 criminal counts - one of which includes first-degree murder in furtherance of terrorism - and is being held without bail.
While his attorney in Pennsylvania initially said that they would be fighting extradition, there are indications that he may have to wave his right to contest his transport to New York.
A hearing at the Blair County Courthouse is set for Thursday at 8.30am.

	    Share what you think
          
No comments have so far been submitted. Why not be the first to send us your thoughts,
      or debate this issue live on our message boards.
      

By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group