It comes after Lizzo also spoke at a separate rally in Detroit
Usher has hailed US Vice President Kamala Harris at a rally in Atlanta, saying she “fights for everyone’s rights”.
The star appealed to American voters to opt for Harris in the forthcoming presidential election on November 5, when he spoke at the rally last night (October 19).
He said: “We have the power to change this moment in the present. How we vote, everything that we do in the next 17 days will affect the lives of our children, our grandchildren, of the people whom we love the most.
“Let’s vote for a future ladies and gentlemen, the future that we want them to thrive in.”
Audience: We love you Usher!
Usher: I love you more, but I love Kamala Harris even more. pic.twitter.com/GujxB7Qxwz
— Keith Boykin (@keithboykin) October 19, 2024
He also said that Harris “fights for everyone’s rights, for freedom, and it doesn’t matter where you’re from. She has a vision for our country that includes everyone.”
Elsewhere, Lizzo also made an appearance at Harris’ rally in Detroit and hit out at Donald Trump‘s recent comments about the city.
Earlier this month, Trump made a speech before the Detroit Economic Club, during which he called Michigan a “once great city”, and said their “car industry is going out of business.” His comments quickly drew the ire of Jack White, who called him a “wanna-be dictator orange clown”.
At one point, Trump used Detroit as an example of what would happen to the country if his opponent, Harris, went on to win the election. “It will be like Detroit,” he said. “Our whole country will end up being like Detroit if she’s your president. You’re going to have a mess on your hands.”
The ‘About Damn Time’ singer hit back at his comments and told the crowd: “All the best things were made in Detroit: Coney dogs, Faygo, and Lizzo.”
“I’m so proud to be from this city. You know, they say if Kamala wins, then the whole country will be like Detroit. OK. Proud like Detroit. Resilient like Detroit. We’re talking about the same Detroit that innovated the auto industry and the music industry. So put some respect on Detroit’s name.”
As well as Usher and Lizzo, scores of entertainment world figures like Jon Bon Jovi, Charli XCX, Beyoncé, Megan Thee Stallion, P!nk, Bon Iver, Quavo Neil Young, Taylor Swift, Stevie Wonder and more have recently endorsed Harris.
Elsewhere, Usher recently spoke out after his Twitter/X account was temporarily wiped following Sean ‘Diddy’ Combs’ arrest.
The star took to his X account to say it had temporarily been hacked after it had briefly been deleted.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.