In the final days before an election, there is potential for cultural upheaval. 
At a short political lecture during a public relations event at the Annenberg School for Communication and Journalism this week, an Annenberg professor stressed to listeners that politics are downstream from culture. In my view, you can make the argument both ways, and tracking exactly what is downstream can be tough — as culture often reacts to politics. See the technological advancements of the 1960s reflected in David Bowie’s “Space Oddity” and “Starman,” Radiohead and the Chicks’ reactions to the invasion of Iraq, Taylor Swift’s feminism or the abstract, nihilistic qualities of mumble rap exploding during Donald Trump’s time in office. Modern hip-hop has since been dethroned as the number one commercially viable genre by country. Last week’s Billboard 200 only has one hip-hop entry in the top 10; Future — followed by sparse high entries from Eminem, Travis Scott and Drake further down the chart. The Hot 100 is a similar story.
My reckoning with country music swiftly becoming pervasive, aesthetically influential and commercially successful happened right after the pandemic. A colleague of mine showed me Orville Peck’s music and proceeded to explain to me the authenticity of Stagecoach in contrast to Coachella. Despite not really having been a fan of country before, I instantly understood the hype and started digging into the Morgan Wallens and Lainey Wilsons, plus the back catalog of Taylor Swift’s discography out of strong curiosity. 
A hip-hop head at heart, I had become disinterested in the genre due to the complacency of its pioneers, guilty of barely pushing the genre forward, with many of its giants either releasing way too much music on autopilot mode (Drake), not releasing music often enough (Kendrick Lamar) or staying dangerously within the comfort zone (most rappers).
The reason why hip-hop music was dominant in music for so long is partly because of its capacity for genre-bending experimentation — similar to rock music — combined with its lyrically driven nature. It lends to tackling complex subject matters. Racial struggles are part of what shaped hip-hop at its core. But the genre also allows for wonderfully creative ways to tackle other human experiences and issues, such as mental health and substance abuse. 
The appeal of country music, in contrast to hip-hop, possibly lies in the country genre’s rejection of genre-bending, emphasis on tradition and lack of potential for drug-infused psychedelic experimentation. To put it bluntly, after four years of Trump and two years of the coronavirus pandemic, people became sick of artists tackling serious, darker issues and wanted something more comforting. Country provided a safe, nostalgic blanket, not only for Americans, but even for Europeans, despite their relationship to the country being less close to home. 
It’s possible that the culture became sick of hip-hop’s complex concept albums, the life-or-death urgency and violence associated with gangster rap and even its drug-induced nihilism — which no doubt is one of the reasons so many of modern rap’s icons passed away way too early.
Not to mention, after all this, we’ve landed in a world where society continually appears to be on the cusp of great upheaval at the hands of artificial intelligence and virtual reality technology. Yet, nobody seems excited about it. 
Enter summer 2024. Country has peaked, with Zach Bryan, Luke Combs and Taylor Swift’s best work likely behind them. It is a sad day when the indicator of something peaked is Beyoncé jumping on the trend to sell Levi’s jeans. 
Instead, we’ve seen Sabrina Carpenter and Chappell Roan, two very different artists, appease an insatiable appetite for female-driven pop, plus a club and hyperpop-infused intermission from Charli xcx. Their success is strongly intertwined with Gen Z’s media-savviness and obsession with authenticity, which plays a crucial role in the success or failure of new efforts from artists, such as the panning of the latest album from Katy Perry or YouTuber KSI’s latest single for being out of touch. 
While the current appetite for more traditional-leaning pop may indicate a continued desire for less serious music, these trends emerge shrouded in a fog of undecidedness. What is next for the industry? Is past hip-hop banished to millennial uncoolness? And new hip-hop left to starve in the underground? Is country, similarly, on its way out, its glory days behind it -– and is pop the new dominant genre? Would a Kamala Harris presidency strengthen the trend, or would a Donald Trump presidency? Or is this a full-on cultural intermission? Are we waiting for the next big trend? If so, where will it come from?
We are the only independent newspaper here at USC, run at every level by students. That means we aren’t tied down by any other interests but those of readers like you: the students, faculty, staff and South Central residents that together make up the USC community.
Independence is a double-edged sword: We have a unique lens into the University’s actions and policies, and can hold powerful figures accountable when others cannot. But that also means our budget is severely limited. We’re already spread thin as we compensate the writers, photographers, artists, designers and editors whose incredible work you see in our daily paper; as we work to revamp and expand our digital presence, we now have additional staff making podcasts, videos, webpages, our first ever magazine and social media content, who are at risk of being unable to receive the support they deserve.
We are therefore indebted to readers like you, who, by supporting us, help keep our paper daily (we are the only remaining college paper on the West Coast that prints every single weekday), independent, free and widely accessible.
Please consider supporting us. Even $1 goes a long way in supporting our work; if you are able, you can also support us with monthly, or even annual, donations. Thank you.
Career Fair Guide April 2025
Housing Guide 2025
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
We may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website. 
Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refusing them will have impact how our site functions. You always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. But this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site.
We fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. You are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. If you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain.
We provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. Due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. You can check these in your browser security settings.
These cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our website is being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our website and application for you in order to enhance your experience.
If you do not want that we track your visit to our site you can disable tracking in your browser here:
We also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps, and external Video providers. Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here. Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. Changes will take effect once you reload the page.
Google Webfont Settings:
Google Map Settings:
Google reCaptcha Settings:
Vimeo and Youtube video embeds:
The following cookies are also needed - You can choose if you want to allow them: