Charli XCX attends the 2024 ASCAP Pop Music Awards at The Houdini Estate on May 08, 2024 in Los Angeles, California.
Charli xcx is not having it when it comes to spreading hateful messages about other artists. Over the weekend, footage of the brat singer performing in Brazil earlier this month resurfaced and, one fan caught the English pop star's attention over some bad attitudes.
<em>(Photo by Marleen Moise/Getty Images)</em>
One fan tagging the "360" singer, 31, said on X (formerly Twitter): "Hey @charli_xcx, your Brazilian fans have been showing toxic behavior by screaming Taylor is dead!' in your concerts and events related to you. Could you do something about it? We don’t belive that’s what music should be about. @taylornation13 please take notice in that too.
Charli took to her Instagram Stories Sunday (June 23) to address the toxicity that is very prevalent with many pop music fans. She wrote alongside a screenshot of the fan's video and post: "can the people who do this please stop. online or at my shows. it is the opposite of what i want and it disturbs me that anyone would think there is room for this in the community. i will not tolerate it."
Reacting to Charli's message to her fans, many said Swift doesn't have the same energy for the Swifties. One person wrote on X (formerly Twitter), "Swifties literally harass EVERY female artist AND BLACK artist/POC but you don’t see TAYLOR speaking up about the disgusting behavior her fans continue to spew." Added another: "mind you swifties have said worse about other female artists but you’ll never see trailer call them out." However, a third said, "the fact that she has to call out her own embarassing fans says a lot about the fanbase."
As we previously reported, Charli's brat track "Sympathy is a Knife" is seen as a shade toward Swift, 34. The lyrics seem to point to Swift’s brief romance with 1975 frontman Matty Healy. Charli sings, “Don’t wanna see her backstage at my boyfriend’s show. Fingers crossed behind my back, I hope they break up.” The singer is engaged to the band’s drummer, George Daniel. She adds in the lyrics that she “couldn’t even be her if I tried."
Meanwhile, fans accused Swift of purposely releasing new versions of her The Tortured Poets Department to block xcx from having a #1 album in the United Kingdom. brat released on Friday, June 7th, while Swift's UK-exclusive variation dropped on Thursday, June 13th, which is the end of the chart tracking week.
This isn't the only time Swift has been called out for trying to block her competition from success. As we reported, Swift released vinyl variants of TTPD the same day Billie Eilish released her HIT ME HARD AND SOFT album. Folks online called her “greedy,” “nasty,” and a “fraud.”
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!