By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
The astrology of August was chaotic, and this month, the Tarot is sending in the guards. All four of the deck’s Knights have shown up for our September 2024 Tarot card reading, and the Tarot horoscope for each zodiac sign is bringing a big burst of energy that’ll inspire everyone to jump into action—or in some cases, prepare for battle. 
On the astrological front, we begin the month with wild-child Uranus stationing retrograde on September 1, while a retrograde Pluto moonwalks back into Capricorn for the last time in our lifetimes. It’s also Virgo season, and the new moon in Virgo the following day fully immerses us in the observant and orderly vibes of this earth sign. It’s time to get organized and tidy up your schedule! Throughout the week ahead, go-getter Mars dives into water Cancer, giving us a gentler approach, followed by mental planet Mercury coming home to exacting Virgo, one of its signs of domicile.
Things really start getting exciting on September 17, which is the date of the lunar eclipse in Pisces—aka the start of eclipse season. This supercharged full moon is forcing us to face whatever we’ve been trying to run away from, and it kicks off an important new cycle that’ll slowly unfold over the next couple years. The autumn equinox arrives on September 22 at the same time that the sun enters Libra, reminding us to find our balance as we embark on a new season. On the same day, love planet Venus enters mysterious Scorpio, bringing depth to our relationships. The month wraps up with chatty Mercury joining the sun in Libra, making everyone a little more socially savvy.
With summer coming to an end and eclipse season ramping up, September marks an important period of change, and your monthly Tarot reading is here to help guide you on your path. Here’s what you should keep in mind throughout September 2024, based on a Tarot card pull for your sun sign, moon sign, and rising sign:
As an energetic Aries, you’re prone to jumping straight into action and letting your passions lead the way. But this month, you may want to embrace a more passive approach. The 4 of Swords indicates that it’s time to step back from whatever is happening in your life and prioritize rest and reflection. Sometimes it’s hard to get perspective on things or understand your true feelings when you’re right in the middle of it all, so retreating from the drama and spending some time alone with your thoughts can help you figure out the best way to move forward. Practice being non-reactive and make space to process.
Virgo season is lighting up your chart’s creativity sector for most of the month, and the Page of Pentacles is showing up to ensure you’re fully inspired to soak up this fertile (and potentially lucrative) energy. There may be a spark of excitement hitting you when it comes to pursuing new passion projects or side hustles this month, and it’s important that you don’t let the momentum pass you by. The Page cards are full of enthusiasm for learning new things, so allow yourself to be optimistic about your plans and start seeking some tangible skills that could help you bring your visions to life.
The Knight of Wands is always ready to jump into action, so it might be time to cut the talk and charge head-first toward whatever it is that you’re feeling passionate about. You already know what you want to manifest in your life, so stop waiting for the “perfect” moment and start making moves. Every new endeavor has risks involved, but if you go at your goals with confidence and courage right now, you’ll get something out of it regardless. There are few cards packed with more energy, fire, and boldness than this one, so whatever it is you choose to do this month, do it zealously and with your whole heart. 
September begins with edgy and hot-headed Mars entering your sign, which can heat up your temper and make you a little feistier than usual. However, the 5 of Swords is gently reminding you not to lose your cool. Life may test your patience a bit this month, and it’ll be easy to fly into defense-mode if your buttons are being pushed. But is winning an argument at all costs really worth the drama? Take a deep breath and pick your battles wisely right now, because not every troll is worth engaging with and not every rumor is worth addressing. Sometimes walking away is more powerful than pulling out your swords.
Guess who’s about to be very demure and very mindful no matter what life throws at them? Yep, that’s you, Leo! You have an opportunity to put your emotional intelligence into practice and take full responsibility for your feelings this month—so make an effort to look at yourself and other people through a more compassionate lens.There’s a fine line between acknowledging the validity of your (and others’) emotions and letting them run the show, and the King of Cups is here to remind you that you’re capable of striking that balance. Trust your heart and find the power in your vulnerability.
It’s your birthday season, Virgo, and you can cry if you want to—but after that, you should pick yourself up and start thinking of how you can utilize your support system. The lunar eclipse is hitting some really sensitive parts of your chart this month, and it might flush some things out of your life that you weren’t quite ready to let go of, leaving you feeling a little unstable and isolated. But that doesn’t mean you need to go on suffering! When help doesn’t show up at your doorstep, sometimes you have to go out and ask for it. Don’t be too proud to pick up the phone to call a friend or ask for a favor.
The wheel of the year makes a pivotal turn this month as we move from summer to fall and simultaneously welcome Libra season. Similarly, the Wheel of Fortune is spinning you into an exciting new space, too—so if there are things you’ve been struggling to put in motion, you might find that some positive energy is helping you pick up speed. This card is a reminder that life is a series of ebbs and flows, and September’s shifts are here to change your luck for the better. Put a little extra trust in the universe’s master plan right now, because destiny is on your side.
Some ideas and plans may be clicking into place this month, Scorpio—and once they do, absolutely nothing will be able to slow your momentum or get in your way. The ambitious and single-minded energy of the Knight of Swords grants you the ability to act swiftly and with razor-sharp focus, ensuring none of your brilliant thoughts get lost to the sands of time. Of course, if you’re too hasty, it’s possible you could overlook some roadblocks and have to problem-solve as you go, so a little mental preparation can go a long way. But if you’ve fully set your mind to something, you’ll be able to slay all September long.
The days may be getting shorter as we approach the autumn equinox, but there’s no shortage of warmth and sunshine in your life right now, Sagittarius. The Sun is one of the most joyful and optimistic cards in the Tarot, and with its abundant energy on your side, you should think positively about your plans and focus on the bright side of every situation. You’re radiating confidence and charisma—so much so that you’re able to effortlessly draw your desires into your orbit. Being your happy-go-lucky self and allowing your authenticity to shine is all you have to do to ensure a month full of magic.
In the words of Charli xcx, “everything is romantic”—and while brat summer may be coming to an end, this sentiment still rings true for you all month long. The Knight of Cups is the Tarot’s heart-eyed Romeo, always chasing rainbows and looking at life through rose-colored glasses. As a pragmatic earth sign, allowing your emotions to dictate the decisions you make isn’t usually your style, but now can be a good time to try letting your feelings lead the charge. What if you shared that sentimental thought, even though it makes you feel vulnerable? What if you followed that whim simply because it felt right in your heart?
The sun enters a fellow air sign’s territory on the day of the autumn equinox, and this impending seasonal shift is bringing a refreshing gust of inspiration your way. The Ace of Swords symbolizes big new ideas, exciting realizations, and meaningful mental breakthroughs, so September is a wonderful time for you to kick off a new project or start some important conversations. Whatever you do, keep an open mind—because new opportunities are flying in your direction, but you may need to think outside the box in order to make something of them. Remember, nothing in life is fixed, so your mindset shouldn’t be either.
This month is a transformational time for you, Pisces, as it brings the first eclipse in your sign in more than half a decade. This means that lots of changes lie ahead, and with the Knight of Pentacles showing up, it’s important that you take the reins on your own life and be willing to work hard to get what you want. Like all the Knights in the Tarot, this card symbolizes action—except this Knight needs you to take a more methodical and practical approach, not a hasty one. Don’t blindly charge forward without making sure you have a solid plan in place. You’ve got a dreamer’s spirit, but a little down-to-earth rationalism can go a long way this month.
By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.