By SAM JOSEPH SEMON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  19:08, 11 March 2024   |  Updated:  19:12, 11 March 2024   
 172
View  comments
Irina Shayk cut a very racy figure in a set of snaps that were shared on her Instagram on Monday morning.
The 38-year-old supermodel appeared in various states of undress as she posed for the shots.
The fashion industry figure was getting ready to party with pals Emily Ratajkowski and Adwoa Aboah at the Vanity Fair Oscar Party.
The ex of Bradley Cooper added a short message in her post's caption, which read: 'Why don't u [heart emoji] me.'
Shayk wore an all-black outfit, which included a partially sheer evening dress with a wide skirt.
The girlfriend of Tom Brady also donned a pair of thigh-high stockings and a garter belt as she bent down to show off her bottom.
Irina Shayk cut a very racy figure in snaps that were shared on her Instagram on Monday morning
The runway regular flashed her bottom as she showed off her thigh high stockings and garter belt
The 38-year-old supermodel appeared in various states of undress as she posed for the shots but that was actually the outfit she hit the town in
The runway regular's leggings were held in place by several garter straps, and she wore a pair of leather high-heeled shoes.
Shayk also wore a one-piece undergarment during the photoshoot, and she she showed off her toned arms and legs while showing off her clothing in one of her snaps.
The supermodel completed her look for the day with long gloves and a pair of earrings.
Her beautiful brunette locks cascaded onto her shoulders and back as she posed for the photos.
She was later seen on the red carpet at the vanity Fair Oscar party in Beverly Hills.
The Burberry model was seen chatting up Adwoa Aboah, Ziwe Fumudoh, Emily Ratajkowski and Charli XCX,
Meanwhile, her ex Cooper took his mother, Gloria Campano, to the Oscars.
The fashion industry figure was getting ready to party with pals Emily Ratajkowski and Adwoa Aboah at the Vanity Fair Oscar Party
The ex of Bradley Cooper added a short message in her post's caption, which read: 'Why don't u [heart emoji] me'
Shayk wore an all-black outfit, which included a partially sheer evening dress and a wide skirt
The girlfriend of Tom Brady was in the backyard of a large home
The supermodel completed her look for the day with long gloves and a pair of earrings
Her beautiful brunette locks cascaded onto her shoulders and back as she posed for the photos
She indulged in champagne and chocolate-dipped strawberries before the party
While at the show, he spent some time with pal Emily Blunt. 
Shayk began her modeling career during her early twenties, and she has since appeared in campaigns for numerous brands, including Versace and Givenchy.
The fashion industry figure has also shared numerous behind-the-scenes snaps from her various photoshoots on her Instagram account over the past few years.
The runway regular offered a bit of insight into her early days as a model during an interview with Elle, where she spoke about ignoring the directives of her early advisors.
She recalled: 'I had agents who said, "You have to cut your hair, lose 20 pounds, and become blonde." And I was like, "Absolutely f***ing no."'
Shayk attended the 2024 Vanity Fair Oscar Party at Wallis Annenberg Center for the Performing Arts in Beverly Hills
(L-R) Adwoa Aboah, Ziwe Fumudoh, Emily Ratajkowski, Shayk, and Charli XCX 
Shayk went on to speak about the sometimes negative reception she received regarding her social media posts. 
'That's what you get. Not everybody is going to like you. And I don't want everyone to like me. I am who I am,' she stated.
The fashion industry personality then said that she had learned to ignore the opinions of the general public about her personal and professional lives. 
'I'm not going to change because somebody who has nothing to do in their life is saying some bulls*** about me or how I dress or how I'm parenting,' she remarked.
Meanwhile, his ex Bradley Cooper took his mother, Gloria Campano, to the Oscars
While at the show, he spent some time with pal Emily Blunt

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group