More from Volume One

Music High Five

V1 Staff | November 2, 2024
Eau Claire native and Bon Iver frontman Justin Vernon gave his first interview about music in five years recently to mark the release of a new EP, SABLE,. Here are some interesting tidbits from his lengthy interview with Amanda Petrusich of The New Yorker, published Oct. 16.
The profile mentions Bon Iver’s role in the remix edition of Charli XCX’s album, brat: “He described the decision to participate as ‘a no-brainer,’ saying ‘the art and the music, its aggression, its power, its pop-ness – it’s just amazing.’”
“I wasn’t starstruck,” Vernon said of meeting Taylor Swift (a long-distance collaborator) a few years back. “I was, like, ‘Wow, you’re somebody that I would have been very close friends with in high school. You’re real and you’re here.’ To see what she’s been up to, the propulsion, the expansion . . . I don’t know, it’s just unlike anything anyone’s ever seen. And yet there she was, this person who made a lot of sense to me.”
“Having been atheist and an agnostic at different times in my life, growing up Lutheran and then studying world religion in college, I was cynical, almost angry that when we use the word ‘God,’ we’re so often misusing it. But I’ve been saying the word again lately, because I’m sick and tired of saying ‘synchronicity and coincidence.’ And I just don’t know what else to call it. I’ve had friends who are deeply, deeply religious, and they talk about what God means to them. I’ve been a little more open to it. I’m certainly not a theist. But I like the word ‘God’ and I’m back to using it.”
“(It’s) kind of like graduating from a master’s program or something. Feeling a little old, a little aged out, a little like Chris Farley at the bottom of the hill in Black Sheep saying, ‘What in the hell was that all about?’ ”
“I am Wisconsin, through and through. But if I’m just there then what is April Base for? And what’s my love of Wisconsin for if I don’t have to come back to it?”
Humming along since 2002, Volume One is a magazine, an
            event & video production company, & a retail store based in Eau Claire, WI.
(715) 552-0457
PUBLISHER / EDITOR / OWNER
 Nick Meyer
Subscribe to our Newsletters
How to Contribute
20 Years of Volume One




                            GIFTS • FOOD & DRINK
                            APPAREL • BOOKS • ART
                            PANTRY • TOYS • DÉCOR
                          






                            Eau Claire E-Bike Rental
                            at The Local Store
                          






                            Chippewa River Trolley
                            at The Local Store
                          






                            Eau Claire
                            Self-Guided Tours
                          





Advertise with Volume One
audience & publishing schedule »





sample reel and info »





online tickets for your event





deals, contests & giveaways





Chippewa Valley Vanguard Awards





Relocation Guide






                          Best of the
                          Chippewa Valley
                          Reader Poll
                        





funding Lowes Creek Bike Skills Park



Staff
             • 
            Contributors
             • 
            Careers


            Have questions? Email us: 
             • 
editorial@volumeone.org(Editorial,)
 • 
web@volumeone.org(Website,)
 • 
manager@thelocalstore.org(Store,)


Terms of Use / Privacy Policy
 | 
            ©2002-2025 Copyright Volume One Magazine