New year, new horror! 2023 was a wild year for the genre, from wild franchise swings to indie horror success stories. Now we’re entering a new year bursting at the seams with exciting releases, from the long-awaited Roger Eggers’ Nosferatu to Zelda Williams’ feature film debut Lisa Frankenstein. Check out all of the films were excited for coming out in 2024!
Release date: January 5, 2o24 (theaters)
Starring Wyatt Russell, Kerry Condon, Amélie Hoeferle, and Gavin Warren
Ray Waller is a former major league baseball player forced into early retirement by a degenerative illness, who moves into a new home with his concerned wife Eve, teenage daughter Izzy, and young son Elliot. 
Secretly hoping, against the odds, to return to pro ball, Ray persuades Eve that the new home’s shimmering backyard swimming pool will be fun for the kids and provide physical therapy for him. But a dark secret in the home’s past will unleash a malevolent force that will drag the family under, into the depths of inescapable terror. 
Release date: January 12, 2024 (Shudder)
Starring Jonah Ray Rodrigues, Alex Winter, Kiran Deol, Christian Calloway, Randee Heller, and DeMorge Brown
William Brown, a neurotic, self-absorbed musician determined to finish his prog-rock magnum opus, faces a creative roadblock in the form of a noisy and grotesque neighbor named Vlad. Finally working up the nerve to demand that Vlad keep it down, William inadvertently decapitates him. But, while attempting to cover up one murder, William’s accidental reign of terror causes victims to pile up and become undead corpses who torment and create more bloody detours on his road to prog-rock Valhalla. 
Release date: January 26, 2024 (in theaters and VOD)
Starring Scott Haze, Kate Lyn Sheil, and Alex Montaldo
A hiker lost in the desert takes refuge with a woman living alone, and soon discovers that she might not be there willingly.
In his review from the 2023 Tribeca Film Festival, Chad Collins called The Seeding “a terrifying primal scream across scorched earth and one of the year’s most confident debuts.”
Release date: February 9, 2024 (In theaters)
Starring Kathryn Newton, Cole Sprouse, Liza Soberano, Henry Eikenberry, Joe Chrest, and Carla Gugino
 A coming of RAGE love story from acclaimed writer Diablo Cody (Jennifer’s Body) about a misunderstood teenager and her high school crush, who happens to be a handsome corpse. After a set of playfully horrific circumstances bring him back to life, the two embark on a murderous journey to find love, happiness… and a few missing body parts along the way.
Release date: February 9, 2024 (in theaters)
Starring Safia Oakley-Green, Kit Young, Chuku Modu, Iola Evans, Arno Lüning, and Luna Mwezi
A small boat reaches the shores of a raw and desolate landscape. A group of six have struggled across the narrow sea to find a new home. They are starving, desperate, and living 45,000 years ago. First, they must find shelter, and they strike out across the tundra wastes towards the distant mountains that promise the abundant caves they need to survive. But when night falls, anticipation turns to fear and doubt as they realize they are not alone.
Read Sean McGeady’s review of the film from the 2022 London Film Festival here.
Release date: February 16, 2024 (in theaters and digital)
Starring Lily Sullivan
A disgraced journalist turns to podcasting to try and rebuild her career – but her rush to generate headlines soon uncovers a strange artifact, an alien conspiracy, and the lies at the heart of her own story.
This lo-fi, single-actor horror film is a fascinating look at the power of audio in horror. You can read Mary Beth McAndrews’ review from the 2023 SXSW here.
Release date: February 23, 2024 (Shudder)
Starring Paul Wesley, Jackie Cruz, Murphee Bloom, and Rhonda Johnsson Dents
In the near future, war and corruption have plagued America and turned it into a theocratic police state. Against the oppression, ordinary citizens have formed a group called The Resistance. One such member, Alegre Dyer, breaks out of political prison and reunites with her husband Ron and daughter Daria. On the run from the militia, the family takes shelter in a remote safe house. But their journey is far from over, as the house’s dark past begins to eat away at Ron, and his earnest desire to keep his family safe is overtaken by something much more sinister.
Release date: February 23, 2024 (theaters, digital, and VOD); May 23, 2024 (Shudder)
Starring Aisling Franciosi, Tom York, and Jaz Hutchin
Ella Blake is a stop-motion animator who is struggling to control her demons after the loss of her overbearing mother. Suddenly alone in the world, she embarks upon the creation of a macabre new puppet film, which soon becomes the battleground for her sanity. As Ella’s mind starts to fracture, the characters in her animated film take on a terrifying life of their own, and the unleashed power of her imagination threatens to destroy her. 
This was editor-in-chief Mary Beth McAndrews’ favorite film from Fantastic Fest 2023. It’s gory, gnarly, and strangely beautiful. 
Release date: March 8, 2024 (In theaters)
Starring DeWanda Wise, Tom Payne, Taegen Burns, and Pyper Braun with Veronica Falcon and Betty Buckley
When Jessica (DeWanda Wise) moves back into her childhood home with her family, her youngest stepdaughter Alice (Pyper Braun) develops an eerie attachment to a stuffed bear named Chauncey she finds in the basement. Alice starts playing games with Chauncey that begin playful and become increasingly sinister.
As Alice’s behavior becomes more and more concerning, Jessica intervenes only to realize Chauncey is much more than the stuffed toy bear she believed him to be.
Release date: March 8, 2024
Starring Kristen Stewart, Katy O’Brian, Jena Malone, and Anna Baryshnikov with Dave Franco and Ed Harris
From Director Rose Glass comes an electric new love story. Reclusive gym manager Lou falls hard for Jackie, an ambitious bodybuilder headed through town to Vegas in pursuit of her dream. But their love ignites violence, pulling them deep into the web of Lou’s criminal family.
Release date: March 22, 2024 (in theaters); April 19, 2024 (Shudder)
Starring David Dastmalchian, Laura Gordon, Fayssal Bazzi, Ian Bliss, Ingrid Torelli, Rhys Auteri, Josh Quong Tart, and Georgina Haig
A live television broadcast in 1977 goes horribly wrong, unleashing evil into the nation’s living rooms.
Release date: March 22, 2024 (Shudder)
Starring Jordan Cowan and Brendan Rock
When an isolated man living at the back of a desolate caravan park is visited by a desperate young woman seeking shelter from a violent storm. As the savage storm worsens, these solitary souls begin to feel threatened. But who should really be afraid? 
Managing editor Josh Korngut loved this one after seeing it at the 2023 Tribeca Film Festival, so make sure to add it to the top of your watchlists.
Release date: April 5, 2024
Starring Nell Tiger Free, Tawfeek Barhom, Sonia Braga, Ralph Ineson, and Bill Nighy
When a young American woman is sent to Rome to begin a life of service to the church, she encounters a darkness that causes her to question her own faith and uncovers a terrifying conspiracy that hopes to bring about the birth of evil incarnate. 
Release date: April 19, 2024
Starring Dan Stevens, Kathryn Newton, Melissa Barrera, and Kevin Durand
The plot for this is still very much under wraps, but Radio Silence working with this crew sounds like a match made in heaven no matter what they’re tackling. 
Release date: April 26, 2024 (Shudder)
Starring Théo Christine, Sofia Lesaffre, and Jérôme Niel
Facing an invasion of venomous spiders, residents of a suburb building will have to find their way out to survive.
Release date: May 17, 2024
Starring Madelaine Petsch and Froy Gutierrez
While on a road trip, a couple becomes the prey of mysterious masked strangers at their remote vacation rental.
Release date: June 7, 2024
Starring Dakota Fanning, Georgina Campbell, Olwen Fouéré, and Siobhan Hewlett
Follows Mina, a 28-year-old artist, as she gets stranded in an extensive, immaculate forest in western Ireland. After finding shelter, she becomes trapped alongside three strangers, stalked by mysterious creatures each night.
Release date: June 28, 2024
Starring Djimon Hounsou, Joseph Quinn, Alex Wolff, Denis O’Hare, and Lupita Nyong’o
There aren’t many plot details available for this title yet, but it is a spin-off prequel that reportedly takes place during the first day of the alien invasion.
Release: August 16, 2024
Starring Cailee Spaeny, Isabela Merced, David Jonsson, Archie Renaux, Aileen Wu, and Spike Fearn
Fede Álvarez’s vision for the Alien franchise takes place between the events of the first and second film. 
Release date: September 6, 2024
Starring Jenna Ortega, Micheal Keaton, Willem Dafoe, Monica Bellucci, Catherine O’Hara, and Winona Ryder
The ghost with the most is back for another romp around the graveyard. No word yet on what hijinx will ensue, but seeing that Monica Bellucci is playing Beetlejuice’s wife is reason enough to be excited for Burton’s follow-up to the iconic Beetlejuice.
Release date: September 27, 2024
Starring TBA
Following the success of Saw X last fall, we’re quickly getting another entry in the franchise this September. Very little is known about the film, but hopefully we’ll see the deliciously disgusting fate of Cecilia Pederson.
Release date: October 18, 2024
Starring Naomi Scott
After the massive success of Smile in 2021, Parker Finn is back with a sequel! Again, no plot details have been released yet, but after watching the first film, all we can expect are plenty of scares and nightmare fuel.
Release date: October 25, 2024
Starring David Howard Thornton, Lauren LaVera, Chris Jericho, Samantha Scaffidi, and Elliott Fullam
Deck the halls with lots of organs, because Art the Clown is coming to town! In the highly anticipated third entry of the Terrifier series, we’re getting pure holiday horror as Art terrorizes his victims on Christmas Eve. 
Release date: October 25, 2024
Starring Christopher Abbott
Leigh Whannell is making another Universal Monster movie! What else is there to say to get you excited??
Release date: December 25, 2024
Starring Nicholas Hoult, Willem Dafoe, Lily-Rose Depp, Bill Skarsgard, Aaron Taylor-Johnson, Emma Corrin, and Ralph Ineson
2024 is the year of gothic Christmas thanks to Robert Eggers! Finally, his telling of Nosferatu will be unleashed onto the world, the most perfect holiday gift. In the film, an ancient vampire stalks a haunted young woman in 19th-century Germany.
Release date: TBA
Starring Hunter Schaefer and Dan Stevens
A 17-year-old girl is forced to move with her family to a resort where things are not what they seem. At long last Cuckoo is coming to our eyeballs, first at Berlinale, and hopefully later in theaters. 
Release date: TBA
Starring Dacre Montgomery, Barbie Ferreira, Jose Totah, Jermaine Fowler, and Charli XCX
How do you adapt a compilation of snuff films? Daniel Goldhaber knows, and will share his terrifying vision hopefully later this year!  The current plot synopsis simply reads, “A woman, employed as a website content moderator, comes across a series of violent videos reproducing death scenes from a film.”
Release date: TBA
Starring Benny Barrett, Chelsey Grant, and Justen Jones
You’ve heard of Bigfoot, Mothman, and the Loch Ness Monster. But, have you heard of the Loveland Frogman? Anthony Cousins tackles the strange cryptid in his feature film debut following three friends searching for the creature. 
Editor-in-chief Mary Beth McAndrews saw the film out of the 2023 Popcorn Frights and knows found footage fans will love this one. 
Release date: TBA
Starring Justice Smith, Michael C. Maronna, Brigette Lundy-Paine, and Amber Benson
Teenager Owen is just trying to make it through life in the suburbs when his classmate introduces him to a mysterious late-night TV show—a vision of a supernatural world beneath their own. In the pale glow of the television, Owen’s view of reality begins to crack. Jane Schoenbrun’s follow-up to their stunning We’re All Going To The World’s Fair has us buzzing with excitement.
Release date: TBA
Starring Nicolas Cage and Maika Monroe
Osgood Perkins is back, baby! This time, he’s tackling serial killers with Nicolas Cage and Maika Monroe. In the film, FBI Agent Lee Harker is assigned to an unsolved serial killer case that takes an unexpected turn, revealing evidence of the occult. Harker discovers a personal connection to the killer and must stop him before he strikes again.
Release date: TBA
Starring Mia Goth, Halsey, Elizabeth Debicki, Lily Collins, Moses Sumney, and Kevin Bacon
Riding on the X and Pearl hype train is Ti West’s final installment in his Mia Goth trilogy. This time, Maxine (Mia Goth) is heading to LA to live the life of a glamorous porn star. But, of course, things get bloody. Really bloody.
Release date: TBA
Starring Sarah J. Bartholomew
An aspiring yoga influencer embarks on a ritual practice left behind by her estranged grandmother.
This found footage influencer horror grabbed our editor-in-chief’s attention when it premiered at the 2023 Chattanooga Film Festival. Hopefully, it’ll hit streaming platforms this year.
Release date: TBA
Starring Jeremy Irvine and Hannah Emily Anderson
2024 may just be the year of Silent Hill. Christophe Gans returns to the franchise with a new film, based on the events of Silent Hill 2. The official synopsis reads, “When a mysterious letter calls him back to Silent Hill in search of his lost love, James finds a once-recognizable town and encounters terrifying figures both familiar and new, and begins to question his own sanity.”
Release date: TBA
Starring Lewis Pullman, Alfre Woodard, Bill Camp, and Pilou Asbæk
Will we finally get Salem’s Lot this year?? Only time will tell…
Release date: TBA
Starring Camille Sullivan, Brendan Sexton III, Emily Bennett, and Keith David
A woman’s desperate search for her long-lost sister falls into obsession upon realizing that the imaginary demon from their childhood may have been real. We’ve been chomping at the bit for this found footage horror since it was announced and can’t wait to see it unleashed onto the world.
Release date: TBA
Starring Vincent Cassel, Diane Kruger, and Guy Pearce
More Cronenberg is 2024! Here, he’s tackling death, inspired by the passing of his wife in 2017. In The Shrouds, “Karsh, an innovative businessman and grieving widower, builds a device to connect with the dead inside a burial shroud.”
Release date: TBA
Starring Ally Ioannides, Bethlehem Million, Alex Essoe, Bex Taylor-Klaus, and Jane Badler
A movie about weed and witches? Count us in 100%. Ariel Vida’s feature film debut has toured the festival circuit and will hopefully hit streaming this year. I’m still praying for a 4/20 release.
We’d be remiss if we didn’t also mention the two potential Monkeypaw projects hopefully coming this year! 
What are your most anticipated horror movies of 2024? Let us know over on Twitter or Instagram @DreadCentral! 
Categorized:Editorials