New York Mets infielder José Iglesias will release a remix of his hit single "OMG" on October 11 and it will feature Pitbull.
Iglesias, who is also in the middle of playing postseason baseball for the Mets, originally performed his song at Citi Field on June 28. He released this song and music video shortly after that and it debuted at No. 1 overall on the Billboard charts for Latin Digital Song Sales.
The song and its accompanying sign have become a rallying cry for the Mets during their surprising playoff run. So the obvious next step was a remix for the fans to keep the momentum going.
METS: The unlikely origin story of team's OMG sign, explained
Iglesias, who releases his music under the name Candelita, will drop the remix on October 11.
It will include Pitbull as well as Colombian singer Silvestre Dangond.
These are huge names for any artist, let alone someone whose full-time job isn't actually as a musician but as a utility infielder. Iglesias said Pitbull "fell in love with" the track the moment he heard it.
It is worth noting that while Pitbull is a major addition to the "OMG" remix, some fans were surprised that the Puerto Rican superstar Bad Bunny is not on the track.
Bad Bunny, who has won multiple Grammy awards and is one of the most streamed artists in the world, was featured in promotional material for the Mets and showed up at Citi Field for games earlier this season.
Either way, a remix featuring Pitbull during the playoffs is a long way for Iglesias considering that he originally debuted the song in a minor league clubhouse for a Mets affiliate back in April.
Aside from when Lorde appeared on the "Girl, so confusing" remix by Charli xcx, this is easily one of the most anticipated collaborations of the year.
Did Devin Williams leak the Yankees facial hair policy change with 1 photo?
The Yankees finally changed their facial hair policy and decided to join the modern era
5 MLB broadcast partner options after ESPN break-up (Hint: a lot of streamers)
15 big name MLB free agents still available as spring training opens (including Anthony Rizzo!)
What is ABS? How MLB's ball-strike challenge system will work in spring training