Taylor Swift reacted to her history-making Grammy nominations during her first Toronto Eras Tour concert. 
Speaking to her fans Thursday night during the surprise song portion of her show, the pop superstar said, “You guys did something so amazing over the course of the last few months.
“I just mean what you did with embracing ‘The Tortured Poets Department,’ the album. It’s truly blown my mind because it’s really emotional for me that this album, I wrote it during the Eras Tour,” she continued, per a video shared on social media.
Swift, 34, detailed writing the album “all [while] trying to keep it a secret” from her fans before “working really hard to secretly put together a new chapter in the Eras Tour of ‘The Tortured Poets Department'” because she wanted to “surprise” them.
“And you guys have been so wonderful about getting into this album and really understanding where I was coming from with it and you made it, by far, the biggest debut week I’ve ever had of an album,” she said.
“And you kept that album at No. 1 for nearly four months. And the most recent thing that you did, because everything that happens is a direct reflection of the passion that you show, is you guys got this album nominated for six Grammys. It’s so unbelievable, so thank you.”
On Nov. 8, the “Love Story” singer became the first woman in history to be nominated for album of the year at the Grammys seven times.
She has already won the top category four times, breaking a record at this year’s awards show when she took home the hardware for “Midnights.”
In addition to AOTY, she is nominated for record of the year (“Fortnight”), song of the year (“Fortnight”), best pop vocal album (“The Tortured Poets Department”) and best music video (“Fortnight”).
On top of that, she snagged a nod for best pop duo/group performance for her feature on Gracie Abrams’ song “Us.”
Swift will battle against Beyoncé, André 3000, Sabrina Carpenter, Charli XCX, Jacob Collier, Billie Eilish and Chappell Roan for the illustrious AOTY trophy this year.
The “Cruel Summer” summer kicked off the Canadian leg of her Eras Tour on Thursday, performing at Rogers Centre in Toronto, where she will do a total of six shows over two weekends. 
She will then wrap up her world tour in Vancouver with three shows, starting Dec. 6.
Advertisement