Advertisement

                August 20, 2024 | 7 min read
            


                        Listen to article
                    
4 min

The mobile carrier has tapped TikTok’s ‘demure’ queen for a sassy phone upgrade campaign.
Viral TikTok user joolieannie scores a new Verizon phone in her first paid partnership / Credit: joolieannie on TikTok
Here’s an influencer marketing campaign that’s very cutesy. Very demure.
On Monday, Verizon became the first major brand to partner with TikTok sensation Jools Lebron, the mastermind behind the viral ‘demure’ trend. Lebron, known to her 1.2 million followers as @joolieannie, has taken the internet by storm with her signature “very demure, very mindful” vibe. Now, she’s bringing that charm to Verizon.
A collab post between Lebron and the cell phone carrier promotes Verizon’s new guaranteed trade-in program. In a video that has racked up 120,000 organic reactions in less than 24 hours, Lebron shares her phone habits with the kind of elegance only she can deliver. The message? It’s time for girlies to trade in their ‘musty diva’ phones for a ‘demure diva’ upgrade.
“We don’t have a crunchy phone. We don’t do a cracked screen,” declares Lebron in the video, echoing the tone of her original viral hit. “I’m not typing on my phone and getting cuts on my fingers. That’s why I partner with Verizon. She keeps it elegant. She keeps it cutesy. She keeps it classy. She does red. She doesn’t do hot pink. She’s not crazy. She’s very demure.”
For the uninitiated, Lebron catapulted to fame earlier this month with a TikTok video in which she gave a “reality check” to her fellow “divas.” In the video, Lebron sits in her car, stroking her hair and delivers a tongue-in-cheek monologue on the importance of being “very demure, very mindful” — especially in how one presents oneself at work.
Advertisement
“You see how I do my makeup for work? Very demure. Very mindful. I don’t come to work with a green cut crease; I don’t look like a clown when I go to work. I don’t do too much,” Lebron quips in the now-iconic clip, which has garnered over 35.5m plays on TikTok.
Building on this energy, the caption of Lebron’s new Verizon collab reads: “#VerizonPartner divas trade in your crusty old phone for a shiny new one with @Verizon link in bio.”
Advertisement
“Jools Lebron’s ‘demure’ and ‘cutesy’ magic has taken over hearts and minds everywhere, and we jumped right in,” said Leslie Berland, Verizon’s chief marketing officer. “Jools brought to life the energy of Verizon and our phone trade-in program in the unique, captivating way only she can. We’re thrilled to be Jools’ first big brand partner on TikTok,  and we’re loving the excitement from our customers, and Jools fans, around the world.”
This campaign is just the latest in Verizon’s recent brand refresh, which introduced a new logo, design system and a renewed marketing focus its network and customer offerings.
Catch up on the most important stories of the day, curated by our editorial team.
Stay up to date with a curated digest of the most important marketing stories and expert insights from our global team.
Learn how to pitch to our editors and get published on The Drum.
“Collabing with Verizon was an amazing experience. Very classy, very demure,” added Lebron. “My first sponsored demure. I absolutely love the phone I received, considering I wouldn’t be here without my phone, it was extremely mindful of Verizon to help the diva out. They let the diva be the diva and we had an awesome time filming.”
The success of Lebron’s original ’demure’ video – which has been transformed into a pop culture sensation that many are comparing to Charli XCX’s ’brat summer’ meme – has been life-changing for Lebron, who is transgender. Thanks to the post’s engagement, the creator has said she is now able to pay for gender-affirming surgery.
The idea for the partnership surfaced internally at Verizon, and the company worked with influencer agency Poster Child to broker the partnership with Lebron.
For more, sign up for The Drum’s daily newsletter here.
Marketing can change the world.

        © Carnyx Group Ltd 2025 | The Drum is a Registered Trademark and property of Carnyx Group Limited. All rights reserved.