Manage your account
You've probably heard that yesterday, President Joe Biden announced he's dropping out of the 2024 presidential campaign and won’t be seeking reelection. He endorsed Vice President Kamala Harris to run as the Democratic party nominee. And just like that, the vibe shifted.
Twitter: @JoeBiden
Though Harris hasn't officially gotten the nomination, her supporters have been meme-ing this very situation into being ever since last month's painful presidential debate. If your algorithms are anything like mine, you've been seeing endless posts about coconut trees and "taking the coconut pill" (a reference to The Matrix and a twist on conservative red pill memes).
Twitter: @metzgov
But first, some context: The memes sprung from a story Harris told at an event in 2023. She said, "My mother...would give us a hard time sometimes, and she would say to us, 'I don’t know what’s wrong with you young people. You think you just fell out of a coconut tree?'" She paused for a signature giggle before continuing: "You exist in the context of all in which you live and what came before you."
Coconut-pilled supporters also often describe themselves as "unburdened," in reference to a phrase Harris has used in many speeches, "I can imagine what can be, unburdened by what has been."
Twitter: @ContraPoints
And because it's still Charli XCX's lime green dance party Brat summer, there's been a proliferation of fan edits of the Vice President laughing, dancing, and loving Venn diagrams set to songs from the album.
Twitter: @KamalaHQ
Soon after the Biden news hit, Charli herself chimed in, tweeting, "kamala IS brat." As of this writing, the tweet has been viewed over 24 million times.
Twitter: @charli_xcx
It's the kind of pop culture moment that most politicians can only dream about.
Twitter: @Annie_Wu_22
And there's more. The Harris campaign took over the Biden HQ Twitter handle last night, and the new branding clearly draws on the memes surrounding the current Vice President. From the Brat-cover-inspired header image to "Providing context" in the bio, this is a campaign that's clearly ready to go, very online, and not afraid to be in on the joke.
Memes obviously shouldn't be the most important thing in a presidential election, but they can tell us a lot about how the public sees a candidate. And the memes of the moment position Harris as a "fun aunt" figure, someone you could have a good chuckle with before getting down to the business of government. For many young voters, she represents a breath of fresh air in a campaign season that was somehow both stale and chaotic.
Twitter: @shaun_vids
In 2016, meme culture benefited former president Donald Trump. But that was before Americans saw the chaos of an actual Trump term. Before he mused about nuking a hurricane or injecting bleach to cure COVID. Before he asked about shooting protesters following the murder of George Floyd. Before he refused to accept the outcome of the 2020 election and arguably incited his followers to violence on Jan. 6.
Now, in the context of all in which we live in 2024, coconut-pilled Harris supporters hope to meme her into the White House. It's too early to tell how it'll go, but her campaign seems to be dialed in and ready to join in the fight.