She previously appeared alongside The Weeknd and Lily-Rose Depp on the chart for their collaboration 'One Of The Girls'
BLACKPINK member Jennie has officially made her Billboard Hot 100 debut with her latest solo single, ‘Mantra’.
The song made the chart at Number 98 for the week ending October 26, marking her first solo entry on the Billboard Hot 100. It also marks her second time appearing on the chart overall, albeit sharing the achievement with The Weeknd and Lily-Rose Depp for their collaboration single ‘One Of The Girls’. The song was released as part of the soundtrack for the HBO series The Idol. 
Elsewhere, ‘Mantra’ also appeared at Number Three on the Billboard Global 200 chart, in second place on the Billboard Global Excl. US chart and scored Number 10 on the Digital Song Sales chart, making it one of the top 10 best-selling songs in the US this week.
‘Mantra’ was first released on October 11, marking the first music the K-pop idol has put out under her self-established label, Odd Atelier, and since she signed a partnership with Columbia Records. She founded the label in late-2023, shortly after YG Entertainment shared that she and her BLACKPINK bandmates would not be renewing their solo contracts with the company.
Earlier this year, Jennie collaborated with Brockhampton’s Matt Champion on ‘Slow Motion’ in March and Zico on ‘SPOT!’ in April. The BLACKPINK star also notably teased an unreleased song on TikTok in June as part of her campaign with Beats by Dre.
Jennie’s last solo release was her October 2023 song ‘You & Me’. Prior to that, the BLACKPINK singer made her solo debut in 2018 with the single ‘Solo’.
Meanwhile, bandmate Rosé has released the first cut, ‘APT.’ featuring Bruno Mars, off her upcoming solo album ‘rosie’. The record, which the singer previously described as a “little journal”, will be released on December 6, 2024.
The singer had announced ‘rosie’ shortly after she inked a deal with Atlantic Records, which is also home to Mars, as well as other popular artists such as Ed Sheeran and Charli XCX.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.