New York often serves as a bellwether for fashion month. It can give us an early indication of what we're about to see over the course of the next three weeks. If the New York Fashion Week Spring 2025 trends hold true, several already established crazes will continue.
The Big Apple wants Brat Green to extend from summer straight through spring. Many designers seem to be committed to keeping the originally Charli XCX-led crusade going. Pants are (almost) nowhere to be found as even some really big-name brands are taking on the mantle from Miu Miu. Meanwhile, the attached scarf phenomenon has translated into a more specific kind of neckline obsession.
Here are the biggest New York Fashion Week Spring 2025 trends you need on your radar.
Scarves are having a moment. First, they came attached to coats. Then they moved on to all types of clothing. Now they morphed into handkerchiefs. The pointy pieces enhanced everything from tops to dresses and even double denim. Some are clearly part of the outfit, others serve as an accessory that'll make any ensemble pop.
We're not talking about the strictly business kind. For Spring 2025, designers are on a mission to make us want to wear the lines inside and outside the boardroom. Monse styled its deconstructed skirt suit with a lace-hem button-down and black boots. At 3.1 Phillip Lim, a striped shirt was half tucked into a netted midi skirt, while Tory Burch demonstrated how to make the trend office-appropriate.
Cinched waists and exaggerated sleeves are nothing new. Although this season designers decided to fan out and take things to the next level. Alaïa's cropped, gathered blue top was paired with complementary pants and pink sandals. You couldn't miss Carolina Herrera's belted shirt thanks to its red hue and power sleeves. Luar also went to extremes with its animal print blazer that came with matching boots.
We don't know if Charli XCX is sick of Brat Green yet, but clearly the fashion industry isn't. The acidy hue was all over the Spring 2025 runways. LaQuan Smith's vibrant cover-up is just as eye-catching as the flashy bikini underneath. While over at 3.1 Phillip Lim, the shade was combined with the no pants trend.
It's a haute couture tradition to close runway shows with a wedding gown. Ready-to-wear apparently got the message, offering up a large variety of aisle-worthy dresses throughout presentations, There are options for every type of bride. SIMKHAI's dress is ideal for a beach ceremony. Carolina Herrera's embroidered gown has garden wedding written all over it. Planning a more formal affair? See Ralph Lauren's elegant sheath.
Tube tops and bustiers are constantly coming in and out of style. This season, square, abrupt necklines rule. Both LaQuan Smith and Nanushka accented them with belts. Jason Wu even double dipped by working one into an ethereal wedding gown.
If you're patiently waiting for pants to come back into the conversation, you're going to be waiting a bit longer. Designers are still opting out of them, instead favoring swimsuit-style bottoms, bodysuits and so-short-they're-almost-nonexistent shorts. Even Michael Kors and Carolina Herrera got in on the action this time around.
Wedding dresses are definitely popular and so is white lace and not necessarily in bridal fashion. Dennis Basso's lacy shirt, bustier top and pants look is made for vacation. Phillip Lim gave us lace from the turtleneck all the way down to toes and Michael Kors played a little peekaboo with a semi-sheer maxi skirt.
© Copyright Fashion Times 2024. All rights reserved.
Your Privacy Rights
The material on this site may not bereproduced, distributed, transmitted, cachedor otherwise used,
except
with the priorwritten permission of Fashion Times.
© 2025 Fashion Times LLC. All Rights Reserved