Billie Eilish performs at the CHI Health Center in Omaha on Sunday.
Billie Eilish sat cross-legged in the middle of the rectangular stage in the center of the arena floor and asked the crowd at CHI Health Center to be quiet, perfectly quiet, so she could record loops of her voice for the next song.
“I don’t ever want silence at all,” Eilish told the 18,000 who packed the sold-out arena Sunday. “I like all the noise and everything you give me. As soon as this is over, scream.”
That is exactly what they did after Eilish laid on her back to sing “When The Party’s Over,” cranking up the volume when Billie and her four-piece band kicked into “The Diner” and getting really loud when she merged a short “Ilomilo” into “Bad Guy,” her 2019 breakthrough hit.
I’d seen plenty of artists, most notably Ed Sheeran, create loops on stage. But none ever asked for silence. And I’ve seen plenty of shows where singers asked for quiet. But I’ve never experienced the level of silence, so to speak, that followed Eilish’s request.
The latter was, arguably, the best example of Eilish’s connection with her audience.
The former is some of the best evidence of Eilish’s growth as a performing artist from her March 2022 CHI Health Center concert to her “Hit Me Hard and Soft” tour that incorporates all the songs from that album into the 100-minute show.
What I saw Sunday was a more confident performer than two years ago, entirely comfortable on stage, basking in the adoration from the audience, rather than shying away as she did before.
But I also saw that same Eilish, who clearly cares for and wants to engage with her fans.
That engagement, in a way, extends to her circulating around the stage to slap hands with fans on the rail, as she did after she descended from a small second stage after a raucous cover of Charli XCX’s “Guess” and “Everything I Wanted,” and her use of a handheld camera to project the crowd and underneath the stage on screens above the stage.
It also came, in offhand fashion, when Eilish, with a guitar on her lap, and her two backing singers sat on stools for a pair of songs. But before she started the music, she went off on a “random” discussion of her “battle with the double crown cowlick on the back of my head.”
Laughing with the singers, who share the cowlick issue with parts in their hair, Eilish had the cameras show their hair parts going crooked down the backs of their head, and complained that there’s nothing she can do to make her hair behave.
That’s as down to earth and personal a connection as an artist can make on a giant arena stage.
That care, however, came through most during her indirect commentary on the ramifications of the election of Donald Trump to the presidency:
“For women, especially, it’s been a hard couple weeks,” she said. ”I want to let all the women in the room know you’re safe here. ... I will fight for you. I will be your voice.”
Another significant difference between the 2022 concert and Sunday is that Finneas O’Connell, Eilish’s brother and musical collaborator, is preparing for his own tour and is not on the road with Eilish.
So, he’s replaced by the band, creating a show that she called “entirely live” and seemingly freeing her up on stage.
The final element that, for me, is another step forward for Eilish, was the staging and production. Opening the show, a large cube in the middle of the stage was illuminated with videos, then revealed Eilish, who rode up and down a platform in the cube, and after the cube raised, throughout the show.
The lighting was striking, with lasers, banks of blue lights that raised and lowered, beams of light that shot upward to frame the stage and, get this, blasts of pyro from behind the band throughout the show.
It’s also notable that Eilish largely eschews pop concert formula — no dancers, no costume changes and few pre-recorded tracks augmenting the live music.
Eilish, who has to be in good shape, ran around the stage, got the crowd jumping, and stayed in motion for most of the show, only stopping to play some of her softer new material, where she demonstrated that she’s a fine, emotive vocalist, wringing all the anguish and heart out of the songs.
And, to be frank, she could be heard much better as the concert went on. That’s because she wore out the 18,000-member chorus, who sang/screamed along throughout the show, their volume becoming weaker in the last half-hour.
It’s perhaps the best measure of where Eilish is at in her career that the Oscar-winning “No Time To Die,” from the James Bond movie, didn’t make Friday’s set.
But her “Barbie” smash “What Was I Made For?” sure did, the stunning ballad starting the concert-ending peak of “Happier Than Ever” and her current single “Birds of a Feather,” which, with its instant pop-hook accessibility could turn out to be one of the two or three biggest songs of her career.
Eilish, who’s all of 22, is already the most acclaimed pop artist of her generation, and, from Sunday’s crowd reaction, she’s connected with an audience that will very likely support her for decades to come.
And she and her electropop are as good as it gets. “Hit Me Hard and Soft” is a shoo-in for my best albums of 2024 list. And Sunday’s concert will make my best of 2024 list as well, a superb performance from today’s most distinctive pop stars.
Billie Eilish is one of more than 250 artists who have signed a letter to the Senate looking to address the ticket resale market.  Eilish, Dave Matthews, Lorde, Green Day and Sia are among the notable artists urging Congress to pass the Fans First Act. The letter claims that current practices expose fans and artists to the questionable practices of people in the ticket resale market.  "It is clear artists, venues, and fans demand comprehensive ticketing reform and consumer protection against the predatory ticket resale practices that have deeply afflicted live entertainment," said Stephen Parker, the Executive Director of the National Independent Venue Association.  This bill is a major initiative from the live event industry and professionals to push for improved and fair ticketing practices. 
Reach the writer at 402-473-7244 or kwolgamott@journalstar.com. On Twitter @KentWolgamott  
Receive the latest in local entertainment news in your inbox weekly!
Entertainment reporter/columnist
Tickets go on sale Thursday for a Sept. 10 Lied Center for Performing Arts concert by Amy Grant.
The 34th year of Jazz in June, the free outdoor music series, will feature artists Jumaane Smith, Caity Gyorgy, Pete Fucinaro and Sam Greenfield.
On Monday, fans will learn if Jadyn Olesen advances to the live rounds of the NBC singing competition.
The Music Box, a space to cultivate and foster Lincoln musicians on 14th Street south of O Street and the first element of Lincoln's music dis…
Lincoln folk/Americana trio The Wildwoods will celebrate "Meadowlark," their new album about Nebraska, Saturday before going back on the road …
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Sign up with
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Sign in with
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.