Once it gets colder, many take sartorial refuge in gray and black, blending in with the cloudy skies,  concrete pavement, and barren trees that constitute the seasonal backdrop. 
Color in one's head-to-toe – some of you mistake – is for warmer weather only. I can't stress this enough: You're wrong. 
And yes, to be fair, the fall trend colors for 2024 are not mindbogglingly different from what you'd probably imagine anyway, taking hints from conifer forests and the changing leaves. 
But just because something is expected, doesn't mean it's bad. If anything, it might just underscore how some conventions are conventions for a reason; fine as they are, trustworthy, and in no need of drastic reinvention. 
Whether the shade of Charli xcx's album cover or as part of the camo print's revival, pretty much every tone of green has crept onto just about every kind of canvas – from totes to coats to shoes. As we progress further into the thick of autumn, grassier greens step aside in favor of gloomier hues. 
A great advantage of a luxurious pine color is that it goes well with a an everyday, naturalistic, earthy scheme, but is just as tasteful as part of more elegant evening attire.
Oxblood, burgundy, maroon – call it what you want, I'm sure there's a slight difference between them, but the point is that deeper, darker reds are an all-time autumnal favorite.  
Particularly in leather, be it in shape of a jacket, classic loafer, or accessory: maroon is and looks rich, and is another prime contender for day or night time combinations, great with browns and blacks alike. 
I understand this one may require a little more willingness to experiment than some of the other mentions on this list, but once you divorce butter yellow from associations with, say, a canary yellow, you'll find it's far more compatible than you'd have initially given it credit for. 
It's not often you'll see pastels claw their way into the front rack of your winter closet, but here we are. The beige-y base allows for easy mix-and-match, whereas the tint of yellow lends this color a dash of something a tad more interesting, and warmer, than your average sand and stone. 
Blame it on a double denim renaissance, or on its indisputable timelessness, but navy and all of its lighter and heavier off-shoots are totally in style. Not that they were ever really out of it, but I do somehow find we're moving away from a place where blue got me less excited than it does now, no?
Regardless, these next few months will entail not just Blue Mondays, but Tuesdays, Wednesdays, and Thursdays, too – get it? Otherwise, take it from reigning fashion bruhs Lawrence Schlossman and James Harris over at Throwing Fits, and their recent C.P. Company collab: Navy, with little twists of violet and royal blue even, are chef's kiss for outerwear and cable knits. 
Want to keep browsing? Download the Highsnobiety App for early access to limited-edition product drops on the Highsnobiety Shop. Highsnobiety has affiliate marketing partnerships, which means we may receive a commission from your purchase.
Titel Media GmbH (Highsnobiety), is committed to facilitating and improving the accessibility and usability of its Website, www.highsnobiety.com. Titel Media GmbH strives to ensure that its Website services and content are accessible to persons with disabilities including users of screen reader technology. To accomplish this, Titel Media GmbH tests, remediates and maintains the Website in-line with the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG), which also bring the Website into conformance with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990.
Please be aware that our efforts to maintain accessibility and usability are ongoing. While we strive to make the Website as accessible as possible some issues can be encountered by different assistive technology as the range of assistive technology is wide and varied.
If, at any time, you have specific questions or concerns about the accessibility of any particular webpage on this Website, please contact us at accessibility@highsnobiety.com, +49 (0)30 235 908 500. If you do encounter an accessibility issue, please be sure to specify the web page and nature of the issue in your email and/or phone call, and we will make all reasonable efforts to make that page or the information contained therein accessible for you.