Version 2.0 of Apple Music Classical has been released with lots of new content to enlighten and delight you

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

The new version of Apple Music Classical adds thousands of booklets, which provide additional information, context and data about releases. However they're clearly made for print, so they're best viewed on iPads.
Apple Music Classical, the music app for people who prefer Chopin to Charli XCX, has just been updated to version 2.0. And while there aren't tons of new features – Apple Music Classical already delivers important sonic features such as spatial audio and Apple Lossless – there's a very big addition in the form of digital booklets.
The booklets are available for both iPhone and iPad, although I think even the biggest display in the iPhone 16 Pro Max is still a bit small; I think you're definitely going to like the feature more on an iPad. 
The new booklets are available for thousands of albums, and when one's available for the record you're looking at you'll see a little book icon appear at the top right of the Apple Music Classical window. Tap on that and the booklet will download on your device and open inside the app.
The new booklets are very much like the ones in iTunes. The content depends on the specific booklet, because they've been put together by the record companies. But typically they'll deliver extensive liner notes, photography of the performance and detailed credits so you can find out about the individual conductors and soloists.  
For example, if you download the booklet for Simon Rattle and the Berliner Philharmonic's performance of Holst's The Planets, you'll get an introduction from Simon Rattle and then some short essays by some of the other featured artists. 
The booklets are very clearly designed for print, however, and they're basically unreadable on an iPhone in portrait mode; switching into landscape is better but you'll still be doing a lot of scrolling. This is one of those features where I think size really does matter.
While I'm not too sure about the execution here I love the idea: one of the things I really miss about the move from physical media to streaming media is the loss of liner notes. And classical in particular lends itself to reading as well as listening, so this new feature is likely to be very welcome.
Get all the latest news, reviews, deals and buying guides on gorgeous tech, home and active products from the T3 experts
Writer, musician and broadcaster Carrie Marshall has been covering technology since 1998 and is particularly interested in how tech can help us live our best lives. Her CV is a who’s who of magazines, newspapers, websites and radio programmes ranging from T3, Techradar and MacFormat to the BBC, Sunday Post and People’s Friend. Carrie has written more than a dozen books, ghost-wrote two more and co-wrote seven more books and a Radio 2 documentary series; her memoir, Carrie Kills A Man, was shortlisted for the British Book Awards. When she’s not scribbling, Carrie is the singer in Glaswegian rock band Unquiet Mind (unquietmindmusic).

Harman Kardon's Onyx Studio 9 is a mid-size portable Bluetooth speaker that delivers big sound


Merrell’s Moab Speed 2 are supportive, incredibly lightweight and look great too


Newly leaked images show an iPhone that's so slim I'd be concerned about breaking it


The new Snapshot section is very pretty, but it's also missing something pretty important


Apple is said to be struggling to match Samsung in a specific tech area


The second generation Vision Pro may not be the game-changing model you're hoping for


Apple needs to make a big swing


Tell us where we can sign up!


Bring on watchOS 12


Apple is said to be making a change that iPad power users have been wanting for years


T3 is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury,
Bath
BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.