By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
UPDATE: A winner has been revealed! Read our recap of the Season 3 finale.
As the sun sets on another summer of Claim to Fame, we’re faced with several very difficult questions.
First, how are we already at the finale? It feels like only yesterday that “Miguel” was howling through the halls like a maniac, while Dedrick was accidentally using his own last name in casual conversation. Alas, Wednesday’s two-hour episode (ABC, 9/8c) does mark the end of Season 3.
This brings us to our next set of questions: Which Season 3 finalist — Adam, Hud, Mackenzie or Shane — do you want to win, and which contestant do you think will win? Because, let’s be honest, those answers are rarely the same. Only on select occasions are the “best” players also the most deserving ones.
For example, has Adam technically played a good game, as no one has even come close to figuring out his Hollywood connection? Sure. But have you also been itching for him to get eliminated for reasons of sheer annoyance? Yes. Both can be true.
With just hours to go until a winner is revealed, let’s take a closer look at the four players left standing on Claim to Fame, along with our best guess of who each of their celebrity relatives is. (WARNING: We’re 100% confident in all of our guesses, so stop reading now if you don’t want to get 100% spoiled.)
Can we take a minute to process that Adam somehow managed to last this long in the competition? Adam, who described a noise as “Jumanji.” Adam, who thought Luke Bryan was a judge on The Hunger Games. Adam, who had to literally write Molly Ringwald’s name on his wrist so he wouldn’t forget it — and then still almost forgot it.
Needless to say, no one expected to see Adam in the two-part finale — and it doesn’t seem like anyone wants him there, either. Words like “entitled” and “brat” (and not in the cool Charli XCX way) have been used by Adam’s fellow players to describe him in recent weeks. Even happy-go-lucky Hud has cut ties with his former ally.
The only thing Adam has going for him is that no one in the house seems to have figured out his celebrity relative yet, but as the clues start flying in these last two episodes, that could change very quickly.
…Michael Bolton! We knew from the jump that Adam’s celebrity relative is a Grammy Award-winning singer, so once we spotted that lightning bolt on the clue wall, it was all over. Adam’s bottle clue also revealed that his relative is a “long-haired ’90s star who sang love ballads,” and we later learned that he sang a duet with Kelly Clarkson on her daytime talk show. If that still isn’t enough to convince you, here’s a tweet from 2016 in which Bolton commends his beloved nephew.
We’re not really supposed to play favorites… but isn’t Hud your favorite, too? Maybe it’s the funny, friendly disposition he’s managed to maintain all season. Maybe it’s his trustworthy mustache and party boy persona. Maybe it’s how we wears socks at the pool because his “feetsies” get cold. 
Whatever it is, Hud just feels like a good guy. And considering no one in the house has even come close to guessing his celebrity relative, we’re not too worried about his chances.
But while we’d like to know whether Hud is going to win, we’re even more curious about his relationship with Mackenzie. Could we have a love match in the Claim to Fame house this season?
…John Mellencamp! Hud indeed has a Grammy Award-winning parent, but he was lying about it being his mother. This one was admittedly tricky, though, as the show hasn’t exactly been generous with clues about Hud’s famous lineage — unless the “melon” reference in Episode 5 was enough for you to connect the dots, in which case, bravo, you should be working for the FBI. For additional proof of Hud’s celebrity dad, consult People‘s breakdown of Mellencamp’s five children. Recognize anybody?
Charm has been the name of the game for Mackenzie, who has used her girl-next-door vibe to earn the other players’ trust and affection all season long. But while that strategy has served her well enough to make it to the finale, she may need to start playing dirty, especially considering that Danny revealed her biggest clue when he got eliminated — and there aren’t too many 6’6″ country music singers out there.
…Trace Adkins! We learned fairly early on that Mackenzie’s famous father has an equally famous goatee, but it was her bottle clue that confirmed all suspicions. (The 6’6″ country music star club is fairly exclusive.) If you don’t believe us, here’s Mackenzie’s Instagram account.
We can’t say we’re surprised to see that Shane is still in the game. Not only has he been very strategic about his moves, but his celebrity relative is easily the oldest of the bunch, hence none of his fellow housemates even speaking his name aloud thus far. Plus, that fried chicken necklace is clearly some sort of good-luck charm.
…Marlon Brando! We’ll be honest, we never would have cracked the identity of Shane’s grandfather without an assist from TVLine’s intrepid commenters. And we’re a little embarrassed that we didn’t put the pieces together sooner. “Oscar-winning Hollywood icon” with extremely close ties to Elizabeth Taylor and Michael Jackson? Who else could it be!
OK, now that we’ve taken stock of where we stand ahead of the Claim to Fame finale, vote in our polls below: Who do you want to win Season 3, and who do you think will win regardless?
Comments are monitored, so don’t forkin' curse and don’t bore us with how much your coworker’s sister-in-law makes per hour. Talk smart about TV! 
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * Your email address will not be published. We will notify you when someone replies.
Δ
I went in to season one thinking this was going to be a stupid show. Boy am I glad I stuck with it. The competitions are good, the contestants are interesting, and heck, even those Jonas brothers have grown on me. Looking forward to the finale and hopefully another season.
Unless one of the clues flat out reveals the name “Marlon Brando,” I think Shane has this in the bag. I just don’t see the other three possibly figuring it out. And, I’m okay with Shane winning. He’s been a solid player and seems like a decent guy. Hud does too, but I’m playing on the odds that the other three have at least heard of hid dad.
Adam is old enough to know Marlon Brando…
Well hud and McKenzie teamed up to figure out his clue and tv line really hud’s wine bottle clue was cherry bomb artist who hurts so good everyone knows the song hurts so good
I am so glad Adam won! I felt
everyone was against him from the beginning.
By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.