Manage your account
The alleged UnitedHealthcare CEO killer received more than 140 messages during his brief stint behind bars in Pennsylvania, including some from drooling groupies and adoring admirers, The Post has learned.
During his 10-day lockup at Huntingdon State Correctional Institute in the Keystone State, Luigi Mangione received 54 emails and 87 physical letters, along with 163 deposits into an account allowing him to buy snacks and other commissary items, correction officials said.
Officials refused to say how much money the 26-year-old was sent — or describe the contents of the letters.
Some fans, however, were happy to share the sweet nothings they sent to their accused killer crush.
“Hey Luigi, I’m certain you’ve received countless messages from people all over the world the internet is actually in love with you,” one admirer wrote, according to a partial screenshot she posted on TikTok. The hot-and-bothered fan claimed she offered herself to Magnione as someone around his age that he could chat with while in jail.
The accused gunman is “fine [as f–k,]” the twisted supporter said, before insisting the Ivy League grad “didnt rlly do anything wrong tbh” [sic] by gunning down father of two Brian Thompson.
“Killing someone that has taken thousands of peoples lives himself is not wrong imo,” she told The Post, echoing a callous stance held by some of Mangione’s die-hard fans.
Another woman gaga for the gunman quivered while recalling sending Mangione a letter plus photos from her recent birthday.
“Honestly, it feels cathartic and sexy to want to do something and then do it — I mean writing a letter,” the woman said in a TikTok post.
“Even the act of just mailing something, mailing your words in the mailbox, mmph!” she groaned.
The aspiring pen pals are just a handful of the deranged fans who have celebrated the suspected murderer, with many inking images of the hooded gunman on their bodies and praising him on social media.
One TikToker even filmed himself dancing to Charlie XCX outside of the Huntingdon, Pa. jail where Mangione was in custody earlier this week.
“Luigiiiii come out i heard u like charli xcx,” the user @adamlicious666 captioned a Dec. 14 video in which he busts a move to “Apple,” a popular song off the pop star’s “Brat” album.
The gangly groover posted another TikTok video the next day, titled “Day 2 of doing the apple dance in front of Luigi’s prison.”
The 15-second-long clip racked up 1.8 million “views” and nearly 2,500 comments.
Lindsy Floyd, 40, who wrote Mangione a letter while he was locked up in Pennsylvania, said she planned on continuing to send him letters at least once a month during his trials in the Big Apple because “he deserves dignity and humanity.”
In her first message, Floyd, a prison reform advocate, offered Mangione advice for surviving his time behind bars based on the 26 months she spent in prison for negligent homicide while driving drunk.
“I have seen what you’ve shared and I acknowledge your suffering. I understand. I see you,” she recited in a TikTok video.