After Britney Spears vowed she would ‘never return’ to the music industry earlier this year, the Toxic hitmaker has announced a surprise career move.
The 00s icon, 42, made her mark as one of the biggest popstars in the world with hits including Oops.. I did it again, Everytime, and Piece of Me, and now she’s turned her attention to a jewellery line. 
Taking to social media to announce her new venture, Britney posted a picture of a delicate bracelet looped around her middle finger, and announced: ‘My first jewellery line coming soon!!!’
Marketing the ‘one of a kind’ pieces as ‘delicate and extremely different’, Britney said she was ‘so excited’ for the launch, and announced the name as B Tiny. 
‘Realising how cool it is to be an artist that can be passionate in so many different ways !!!’ she wrote, before ending the post with: ‘B Tiny coming soon 🌷!!! Girls you’re gonna f**king love it!!!’
In January Britney shut down rumours she was potentially joining forces with Brat superstar Charli XCX to record a new album and declared her popstar career as officially over.
Slamming the album speculation as ‘trash’, Britney wrote: ‘Just so we’re clear most of the news is trash !!! They keep saying I’m turning to random people to do a new album … I will never return to the music industry !!!’
In 1999 Britney rocketed to international stardom on the release of her debut album Baby One More Time, and her follow up Oops… I Did It Again. 
Her declaration about quitting the industry 25 years on from finding fame comes three years after the pop icon’s crippling conservatorship was lifted, freeing her from 13 years under the complete control of her father.
In her memoir, Britney said the conservatorship stole her ‘womanhood’ and she also detailed how it destroyed her love for performance.
Her father ‘taking over everything’ was the ‘worst thing’ that could ‘possibly ever happen’ to Britney’s ‘music, career, and sanity,’ she wrote.
‘I began to think that he saw me as put on the earth for no other reason than to help their cash flow,’ she wrote, adding that her father once uttered the words: ‘I’m Britney Spears now.’
‘As far as my passion for singing and dancing, it was almost a joke at that point,’ wrote Britney, speaking about her time under the conservatorship.
Britney described that she became a ‘child-robot’ having lost her womanhood. She became an ‘entity’, rather than a person on stage, the star explained.
‘I always felt I had music in my bones and my blood; they stole that from me,’ she wrote.
Despite saying she would never return to the music industry, in the same breath Britney also revealed she has been writing music. 
Britney added: ‘When I write, I write for fun or I write for other people !!! For those of you who have read my book, there’s loads that you don’t know about me … I’ve written over 20 songs for other people the past two years !!!
‘I’m a ghostwriter and I honestly enjoy it that way !!!’
Got a story?
If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.
Arrow
MORE: Fight wrinkles as you sleep! This new retinal serum smooths skin in a matter of weeks
Arrow
MORE: Keir Starmer gives verdict on Badenoch ‘white supremacy’ tweet shared by Labour MP
Arrow
MORE: ‘Evil’ killer dismembered elderly landlady then sent Moonpig cards to cover his tracks