Fresh off the September 6 release of his debut LP What’s Wrong With New York?, Harrison Patrick Smith, known simply as The Dare, brought his U.S. tour to Oakland’s The New Parish. It has been a big year for Smith — producing the instant classic “Guess” on Charli XCX’s Brat, all while serving as the face of this summer’s Indie sleaze revival. Excitement filled the cramped venue, full of TikTok microinfluencers and quirked-up high schoolers, all waiting for Smith to take the stage.
The lights dimmed and the crowd burst into cheers as Smith entered. Donning his emblematic suit, though noticeably missing his tie, he walked to the mic and addressed the elephant in the room. “I lost my tie,” he explained before asking if anyone in the crowd had a spare. The first tie-lender missed the stage entirely, but the second had better aim. He threw it on, then flew straight into “Open Up.”
“It’s just rock ‘n’ roll, you won’t die/ You can spend your whole life inside,” he screamed into the microphone — a bit ironic, considering his chronically online Dimes Squareian fanbase. Nevertheless, the crowd exploded into dance as a milieu of LED strobes backlit Smith. While his cocky persona might rub some the wrong way, his stage presence is impossible to deny; accompanied only by a Macbook and a Synth, his energy only plateaued once throughout the set.
After the crowd died down from “Perfume,” it was clear that a cord came loose, as Smith attempted to get his Mac to play the next track. He walked off stage for a few minutes while a couple of tech guys awkwardly entered to retrieve the laptop. Once the unintentional intermission ended, the rocker returned to stage with even more spirit than before. The crowd went wild. 
Rapid-fire laser sound effects filled the room as Smith kicked off his return with “I Destroyed Disco.” In unison, the crowd screamed the lines, “Rock hard, why stop?/ Don’t know, I don't care/ What’s a blogger to a rocker?/ What's a rocker to The Dare?” While not a stand-out song from the LP, his live rendition was a highlight of the night.
Another highlight followed when Smith got off the mic, manning the controls to a high-octane remix of “Guess” featuring Billie Eilish. Completely unrecognizable from the original, he entranced the audience with the clubby rearrangement. “Guess, guess, guess, guess,” he played. Red stage lights illuminated the vape clouds forming over the patrons.
Before playing “You’re Invited,” an audience member threw a pack of light blue American Spirits onto the stage. Smith accepted the gift, then rather poetically sang, “You need a smoke break?/ I wanna smoke too/ You only smoke reds/ I only got blues.” With a smile on his face and a cigarette in his mouth, he was in his element.
Smith topped off the night with the TikTok smash hit “Girls.” A cherry on top of the stellar concert, every soul in the audience chanted the song with precision. Burned into the brains of every other internet user, the lyrics “I like the girls that do drugs/ Girls with cigarettes in the back of the club” reverberated against the walls. It’s hard to imagine that his debut track was released more than two years ago, and impressive to see how he capitalized on fleeting internet notoriety.
The crowd erupted once the song finished, and soon after the Gen Zers flooded the sidewalks of The New Parish. It is a treat to see such an on-fire act. Smith burned down the house with his addictive swagger, leaving the crowd wanting more in the best way imaginable.
We're an independent student-run newspaper, and need your support to maintain our coverage.
Join our weekly newsletter!
CHECK OUT OUR MOST RECENT PRINT EDITION
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: