It comes after they took home the prestigious Mercury Prize earlier this month
English Teacher have extended their 2024 UK tour, announcing another show in London. Find ticket details below.
The rising Leeds band first shared details of their upcoming tour dates in April, confirming a five-date run, commencing with a headline show at the O2 Shepherd’s Bush Empire in London on November 12.
From there, further dates included shows in Manchester, Glasgow, Newcastle and Bristol.
Now, having sold out the first night of the upcoming tour, Lily Fontaine and co have confirmed that they are adding a second London gig to the schedule. The new date will take place on November 13 – the day after the first show in the UK Capital – and will be held at KOKO in Camden.
They’ll be joined by TTSSFU for the slot, and the band confirmed that the extra date was added due to popular demand. Tickets go on sale next Tuesday (September 24) – visit here to buy tickets and here for more information.
Due to popular demand, we’ve added another London date in November at KOKO!Sign up here for more news on how to access a ticket: https://englishteacher.lnk.to/signupSR
Posted by English Teacher on Friday, September 20, 2024
Find an updated list of tour dates below.
NOVEMBER 
12 – O2 Shepherd’s Bush Empire, London 
13 – KOKO, London [NEW]
14 – O2 Ritz, Manchester 
18 – Saint Luke’s, Glasgow
19 – Boiler Shop, Newcastle upon Tyne
21 – SWX, Bristol
Announcing the tour on social media this spring, the group promised that they would be “going bigger and bigger and bigger” with their live shows. “We’re not going to stop until Madison Square Gardens is but a speck of dust on our musical machine,” they added.
Since then, the band have gone on to take home the prestigious Mercury Prize following a ceremony held earlier this month at Abbey Road Studios.
The win was for their critically acclaimed debut album ‘This Could Be Texas’, and saw them beat off competition from the likes of Charli XCX, CMAT, Ghetts, The Last Dinner Party, Corinne Bailey Rae, Beth Gibbons, Barry Can’t Swim and more.
On the red carpet, NME spoke to the band shortly after their win, and Fontaine and co. explained that they want to “continue to be honest” about their struggles as a band.
A post shared by NME (@nmemagazine)
“It was never a conscious [choice] to be like ‘We’re going to be one of those bands that does that’,” frontwoman Lily Fontaine explained. “It’s just that when we get asked questions about those things, we’re always going to be honest. If we continue to be put in situations where we’re asked about that, we will continue to be honest about it.”
They also opened up about what to expect from their upcoming second record, saying: “[It’s] already an amalgamation of every single track on this album. It’s so satisfying in that way.”
This followed on from comments the band shared with NME shortly after being shortlisted earlier this summer.
Speaking in July, Fontaine told us that “one of the songs that we’ve written is actually better than all of this album,” while Whiting went on to share a bit more information about the upcoming material. “We’re kind of in the middle of it at the minute. We’re getting stuck into it now,” he said.
“I feel like it’s still in the really early stages. It’s hard to say. We’re still figuring that out, but we’re getting started.”
A post shared by NME (@nmemagazine)
Ahead of its release, NME gave ‘This Could Be Texas’ a five star review. “What you have in ‘This Could Be Texas’ is everything you want from a debut; a truly original effort from start to finish, an adventure in sound and words, and a landmark statement,” it read. “Poised for big things? Who knows if this industry even allows that anymore. Here are a band already dealing in brilliance, though – who dare to dream and have it pay off.”
Since the Mercury win earlier this month, the debut record re-entered the UK Top 40, and gained a 1,073 per cent increase in sales in the week after the ceremony.
Before the win – which made them the first victors from outside of London in a decade – NME also spoke to English Teacher for The Cover, and the members explained what it has been like to see the growth of the band.
“Seeing Lily grow in confidence, particularly when she’s on stage, has been amazing,” said guitarist Lewis Whiting. “It makes us all really happy… There’s been a shared understanding, too, that we have had to learn how to trust our own instincts. We’re proud we know that. The moment you start second-guessing yourselves, that’s when you crumble.”
Back in May, the band were given yet another five-star review from NME, this time for their live show in London. “English Teacher have been more than vocal in the never-ending battle for artists’ hard-work to be valued and compensated. They’ve put the hours in, and tonight it pays off,” it read. “They’ll clean up at festival season and if there’s any justice they’ll be at least nominated for the Mercury Prize. The year could very much belong to English Teacher – the band keeping UK indie very safely out of that swamp.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.