Taylor Swift is under fire not speaking out to fans, in light of the recent trio of shows in Vienna that have been cancelled.
Earlier this week, it was revealed that government officials had discovered plans of a suspected terrorist threat due to strike at Vienna's Ernst Happel Stadium, where Taylor Swift was due to perform. Three people were arrested for planning attacks on the stadium. A statement from the event's organisers reads: "Due to confirmation by government officials of a planned terrorist attack at the Ernst Happel Stadium, we have no choice but to cancel the three planned shows for everyone's safety."
As fans speculate the status of the forthcoming dates at Wembley, rather than share a statement on the events that have unfolded. Taylor Swift has released yet another variant of The Tortured Poets Department, just a week on from the latest variant which was suspected to have been released in order to distract from Billie Eilish and Charli XCX's collaboration, "Guess"
She hasn’t even released a statement about her three cancelled tour dates due to an imminent terror threat that could have harmed hundreds of thousands of fans, yet she’s pushing FOUR more copies of her album onto people?? Read the room https://t.co/YsCixWSpdb
Understandably, people are frustrated that Swift has shared new music and hasn't shared any statements over the tragic events that could have unfolded, as well as the status of the rest of the tour.
One person wrote on X, formerly known as Twitter: "I’m sorry but the more i think about it the more it makes me mad. three shows in austria were just cancelled because we were all supposed to literally die in that stadium. and they say nothing but they go on to release new music that isn’t even available to fans in austria. wow." "im sorry but how is taylor dropping new variants not even 24h after so many fans were devastated to hear the concert was cancelled especially when she hasn't even acknowledged anything or released a statement?? there are truly no ethical billionaires lol," another person wrote.
"Let me get this straight. Taylor, TN, etc., didn’t release one statement, have halted all social media posts, etc., but…releases a batch of new variants? Did Taylor Swift really just use the potential terror attack as a marketing tactic? Fucking evil. Someone tell me I’m wrong."
No bc some of you act like Taylor popped up and went like "hiiii guys I‘m back, here’s 4 new variants, go buy them now, btw isgaf about Vienna lol, ok byeee".This was the most lowkey release in years and it was probably pre-scheduled for months.
Others are coming to Swift's defense, writing: "Swifties who are shvtting on taylor because of the variants please STFU because i bet it's planned weeks before and not even taylor nation posted about it, it was just added on her website without any notice from her or her team," whilst another person is on the fence about it all: "I'm not mad about the variants but I'm disappointed neither her or her team didn't communicate anything. It feels so cold and distant when people in her fandom are crushed. It doesn't cost anything to say "I'm sorry it happened, we're heartbroken over it".
The Eras Tour is set to come to an end on 8 December in Vancouver.
Get the Best Fit take on the week in music direct to your inbox every Friday