The year's event will take place next week 
Radio 1’s Big Weekend has announced some more acts for this year’s event, including London Grammar and AJ Tracey. See the full line-up below.
The 2024 edition of the BBC station’s annual festival is set to take place at Stockwood Park in Luton between May 24-26.
It’ll boast headline performances from Coldplay, Raye and Chase & Status, as well as sets from the likes of Vampire Weekend, Charli XCX, Declan McKenna, Sabrina Carpenter and Olly Alexander.
Today (May 14), Radio 1 has confirmed six additional names for the bill: London Grammar, AJ Tracey, Jax Jones, Nathan Dawe, Remi Wolf and Wilkinson.
London Grammar – who returned with the single ‘House’ last month ahead of their upcoming new album, ‘The Greatest Love’ – are scheduled to play on the Radio 1 Main Stage on Sunday May 26, as is AJ Tracey.
See the revised line-up in full below, and find more information here.
New names added to the #BigWeekend Luton Lineup ✨@ajtracey @JaxJones @londongrammar @NathanDawe @remiwolf @WilkinsonUK
Watch the festival live on @BBCiPlayer or listen on @BBCSounds. pic.twitter.com/ZIujk9VMSu
— BBC Radio 1 (@BBCR1) May 14, 2024
Other artists on the bill include Becky Hill, The Last Dinner Party, CMAT, Everything Everything, Olivia Dean, Beabadoobee and Sea Girls.
In a previous statement about Radio 1’s Big Weekend 2024, the station’s Breakfast host Greg James said: “It’s set to be one of our very best Big Weekends ever.
“The line-up is a celebration of some of the biggest artists we’ve supported for years alongside the most exciting new ones on the planet. It’s my favourite line-up for years.”
Headliners Coldplay are also set to top the Pyramid Stage at Glastonbury 2024 next month, marking their fifth headline appearance at Worthy Farm.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.