Angela Andaloro
It’s officially the summer of the brat. If you think this year’s hottest trend is inspired by the Brat Pack renaissance, think again. We have Charli XCX to thank, as her new album Brat has inspired Gen Z to get ready to party through the hottest months of the year.
The album has been a resounding hit so far. The dance-tastic tunes that make up the album have earned the British pop singer tons of praise. While some listeners are already considering it the soundtrack of their summer, the pop stans are officially celebrating the rise of a brat summer.
Brat girls are taking to social media to define what it means to be a brat. In many ways, being a brat is a departure from the “clean girl aesthetic.” That look has dominated for a while and has only recently started waning.
brat summer is all about laying on your bed in the dark in a bikini filling out your manifestation planner with your box fan on because it’s too hot to move
Brat girls aren’t interested in being popular or winning over the crowd with their “I could care less attitude.” Their efforts are more set to kicking back and having a good time — whether it’s dancing until the wee hours of the morning or embracing your inner hot mess.
Many have also pointed out that the timing of the album — the summer after Barbie dominated mainstream everything — brings to mind the differences between Barbies and Bratz. Brat summer puts aside Barbie pink for lime green and goes all in on grit.
WHAT ARE THE STEPS TO HAVING A BRAT SUMMER ITS ALREADY LATE JUNE I NEED TO GET ON THIS
The word “brat” has, for so long, had negative connotations. It conjures up images of toddler tantrums or sugared-up tweens storming Sephora. Brat girls are here to reclaim the term and embrace the fact that everyone has their darker, sassier side.
Having a brat summer is all about mastering the balance of carefree living with being assured and in control of your destiny. No one can explain it better than Charli XCX herself, who broke down the essentials for a brat summer in a recent interview:
She defined it for The News Movement, saying, “It can go that way, like luxury. But it can also be so trashy. Just like a pack of cigs and a Bic lighter and like a strappy white top with no bra.”One of the biggest components of a brat summer is the “IDGAF” attitude. You’ve got to be armed and ready not to care what others think of your brat summer while being so wrapped up in it that you hardly notice anyway. It’s throwing away the rulebook in favor of fun and as much recklessness as you can handle.
8 DAYS!
Having a brat summer is everywhere online, and no matter which platform you’re on, there’s sure to be a discussion about it. For example, here’s what the people are saying on Reddit:
Meanwhile, let’s check in on the app formerly known as Twitter:
Did he have the original brat summer?? pic.twitter.com/qUXlLijOUu
brat nail summer pic.twitter.com/UZcZBpUPpp
pic.twitter.com/3M2MbLOmYb
she’s having a brat summer pic.twitter.com/Hlw1piZcWH
pic.twitter.com/mkanbZ0gLj
Me listening to 360 for the first time pic.twitter.com/O7V94TwxRl
charli: sympathy is a knifethe knife: pic.twitter.com/3R0xU1jQ8Q
Me in the brat asylum pic.twitter.com/zc5ewkmMoV
365 party girl bumping that pic.twitter.com/FyFBNdl7Gs
changed my keurig screen for brat summer pic.twitter.com/GeOlFMTLsl
“It really is a BRAT summer” – me, a 32 year old married straight guy listening to it in my car at the laundromat at 8 in the morning
Can someone tell charli I love her? pic.twitter.com/tmrkyEgpU3
NJ declared a brat summer for the whole state. https://t.co/ok7r6aDPZa
sorry i cant today my schedule is full :// pic.twitter.com/rgKxtvb7XG
do we think she’s having a brat summer pic.twitter.com/kWHRHXxArl
uber driver is in on brat summer pic.twitter.com/ChFZwK6i0o
when you start catching feelings after you told all your friends you were having a Brat girl summerthis is going to ruin the tour
Finally, let’s take a visit to TikTok:
BIG brat summer!!!!! #fyp #brat #bratsummer 
especially if it’s root beer 
#bratsummer #charlixcx 
okay fine being brat in the south ig #fyp #dance #brat 
No matter where you are, here’s hoping your summer is absolutely Brat.
The internet is chaotic—but we’ll break it down for you in one daily email. Sign up for the Daily Dot’s web_crawlr newsletter here to get the best (and worst) of the internet straight into your inbox.
Meme History: Tariff memes
Meme History: The 5 best Minecraft memes
Meme History: Dat Boi
Paul Walter Hauser has one peculiar IMDb credit he wishes he could erase
Share this article
TAGS 
Angela Andaloro proudly serves as a scribe, documenting all the shenanigans happening online. Her writing has been featured across Entertainment Weekly, PEOPLE, BuzzFeed, and more.