The most thrilling, inspiring, and fun Fashion Month happenings, according to our editors
There’s nothing like riding the Fashion Month wave. Once again this September, Bazaar editors bounced from city to city and show to show. In New York, London, Milan, and Paris, we soaked up the surprise and delight of some really great clothes—and a few major front-row guests too. The official kickoff came by way of Ralph Lauren, who hosted a glamorous night at a horse farm in Bridgehampton, on Long Island. Then came Alaïa’s moment at Manhattan’s iconic Guggenheim museum, followed by the kid-friendly animal beanbag chairs at Matthieu Blazy’s joyous Bottega Veneta show in Milan.
In Paris, Jonathan Anderson celebrated a decade at the helm of Loewe and got a standing ovation, while actor Willem Dafoe modeled for Miu Miu. And Kylie Jenner closed the month at Coperni’s show in France’s Disneyland. In between were countless instances of magic from designers across a broad spectrum of talent, and our Slack channel was buzzing with all the highlights in real time.
Below, our editors take a look back at some of the most captivating moments of the Spring 2025 collections.
“The Alaïa show at the Guggenheim made me feel proud to be a New Yorker, from the venue to the casting to the people in the room—and of course, the clothes! It was one of those quintessential New York fashion moments and really helped set the tone for so much of the incredible work we saw this season.” —Samira Nasr, editor in chief
“After far too many seasons of designers’ tasteful takes on everyday dressing, which left us holding our breaths for something more, Francesco Risso’s spring Marni show felt like an exuberant exhalation! Creative, opulent, kinky, and surprisingly wearable, it reminded us that art and commerce can sometimes exist harmoniously in the same designs.” —Carlos Nazario, style director at large
“Loewe SS25 is my lucid dream, a vivid future past, rich in symbolism and creativity, freedom and flight. It starts with a gold ring stamped ‘1846.’ Actors and a director, celebrities, and key fashion creative directors are seated in a circle within a square. A Tracey Emin sculpture—a dark pole with a bird on top—stands in the center of the room, glowing; otherworldly sounds and music fill the space. Models spring by in visible hoop skirts, underpinnings of the past historical Parisian dress, florals that escape gravity and float, the perfect minimal trapeze minidress. The clothes begin to take flight: turned-up hems, fluid draped suits, leather that moves, all grounded in playfulness and the happiness of sneakers, boat shoes, and brogues. My love for motocross is a dress, feathers take the shape of T-shirts with the appearance of the masters of art: Bach, Chopin, Mozart, Manet, and van Gogh. Happy anniversary, Loewe, and congratulations, Jonathan Anderson. Birds of a feather, we’ll always be together.” —Laura Genninger, creative director
“It’s challenging to jolt the fashion industry awake on the final day of shows after a monthlong marathon. Yet Miuccia Prada consistently achieves this at Miu Miu, where every component of the show—from the space to the casting to the front row to the styling (and of course the clothes)—feels urgent and thoughtful and directional. This season’s collaboration with artist Goshka Macuga commented on our age of misinformation, on our existence in a messy and inescapable algorithm of falsehoods and half-truths. The show space was a printing press, and guests all received newspapers. (Since my first job was at a newspaper, I particularly loved this analog touch.) Increasingly, Mrs. Prada’s castings feel almost as agenda-setting as the styling and the clothes. Everyone broke out in big smiles (and even some gasps) when Willem Dafoe and Hilary Swank appeared on the runway.” —Leah Chernikoff, executive editor
“Alessandro Michele’s runway debut as Valentino’s creative director reminded everyone of the fun in dressing up. While the house’s resort collection gave us a sneak peek at what would come (including Michele staples like silk turbans, piles of pearls, and ruffles galore), the Spring/Summer 2025 collection turned up the volume on his exuberant style. With plenty of his friends sitting front row—think Harry Styles, Florence Welch, and Elton John—an infectious excitement for Michele’s new chapter hung in the air.” —Nicole Fritton, executive fashion director
“Tommy Hilfiger’s impromptu Wu-Tang performance was a NYFW highlight for me, and for Fashion Week in general. Taking place on the docked Staten Island Ferry at the seaport, it not only played on the the idea of fashion as entertainment, but also helped tap into a vision of old-school New York that Tommy is no doubt a part of, and that is constantly being challenged. My colleague Brooke Bobb can attest: I had a ball.” —Lynette Nylander, executive digital director
“ ‘I don’t wanna grow up / I’m a Toys R Us kid’ … the jingle was playing in my head as I walked into the Bottega Veneta show space and discovered all the colorful Bennie animal-bag seats, which transformed the warehouse space into a colorful playground. (Mine was a panda.) Loved the elevated playfulness and childlike seating for such a high-luxury brand showing the most covetable elegant and grown-up collection! Every VIP also sat in them—now that was a hoot!” —Miguel Enamorado, accessories director
“What a thrill it was to see Willy Chavarria and Raul Lopez take over two of the most iconic spaces in New York City, bringing their vibrant visions and communities further into a spotlight that they’re more than worthy of. They solidified themselves as two of the most important and impactful designers in America today, and reminded us all why what we do in this industry matters. Having Madonna front row at Luar and Olympian Noah Lyles walk for Willy wasn’t too bad either.” —Brooke Bobb, fashion news director
“Music always makes a big impression on me at runway shows—the energy in the room is already heightened, it’s playing at top volume, what’s not to love?—but there were two moments this Fashion Month when a song choice felt particularly evocative. Willy Chavarria, whose work often references his Mexican heritage, opened his ‘Welcome to América’ show with the musical trio Yahritza y Su Esencia playing a moving version of Mexican singer Juan Gabriel’s ’80s ballad ‘Querida.’ And Phillip Lim, who speaks Cantonese, closed his 20th anniversary show with a recorded cover of the Cranberries’ ’90s hit ‘Dreams’ performed in the language by Faye Wong. Both selections made a statement about the power of tapping into your roots, adding an emotional, nostalgia-tinged dimension to the fashion at hand.” —Izzy Grinspan, digital director
“The Dior show this season was a spectacle in the best way. I don’t know what I loved more: artist Sagg Napoli shooting live arrows down the entire length of the runway during the show, or the moment when the remix of ‘Guess’ by Charli XCX featuring Billie Eilish came on and everyone in the audience began wiggling and singing in their seats.” —Jenna Rosenstein, beauty director
“Burberry was a mix of all things Y2K and the best of what felt like old Burberry. The cast was a lineup of London’s top models, and the standout looks from the collection felt on that theme of so-wrong-that-it’s-right—like showstopping sequin dresses with functional English-weather-approved oversize parkas, which also felt very British. Beyond the runway, the show was swarming with celebrities in the front row, from Gabrielle Union to Jerry Hall and Barry Keoghan, all in their best British heritage-style looks.” —Jaclyn Alexandra Cohen, senior fashion and accessories editor
“I am obsessed with Weiderhoeft’s signature corset, and I love Jackson’s approach to glamour. This season he told me that Weiderhoeft isn’t an excuse club, but a drama club for fashion freaks everywhere. For the most recent show, the brand introduced its expanded corset sizing program, with the same corset worn on over 60 models of different sizes. It was a beautiful moment that felt particularly important for a season in which body-diverse looks seemed to be dwindling. And in typical Wiederhoeft fashion, all the models walked out in the same piece, in a dramatic fashion worthy of a film set.” —Tara Gonzalez, senior fashion editor
“This season’s Tory Burch show was a continuation of the designer’s ‘Toryssance,’ and gave us a spectacle to remember. Fresh off the Paris 2024 Olympics, gymnast Suni Lee sat front row alongside Elizabeth Olsen, Michelle Williams, and Ella Emhoff all wearing Burch’s shoe of the moment: the newly released pierced pump. The Domino Sugar Refinery in Williamsburg was transformed to look like the inside of a swimming pool, with aqua-colored tiles adorning the floors and walls. It was a refreshing collection with special nods to aquatic swimwear, mixed with American sportswear the designer does so well.” —Julie Tong, commerce content lead
“My favorite moment of Fashion Month would have to be the very beginning—at a horse stable in the Hamptons for Ralph Lauren. Though it was a bit of a drive outside the city, the perfect weather, vintage cars, and glorious collection made the trip well worth it. Plus: The burger afterward served inside an exact replica of NYC’s Polo Bar didn’t hurt either.” —Faith Brown, senior social media editor
“This year, designers incorporated entertainment into the shows (take the Coperni show at Disneyland, for example), but one of my favorite moments was when Riley Keough brought her vocal talents to the runway. I loved hearing the actor sing on Daisy Jones & The Six, but her cover of Prince’s ‘Why Doves Cry’ was angelic—especially as she swung from a Chanel birdcage above the runway in Paris’s Grand Palais, with her black sheer cape barely grazing the models.” —Katie Itner, associate beauty editor
“What do you get when ‘brat’ meets ‘demure’? A Coperni princess! Staged in front of Sleeping Beauty’s castle at Disneyland Paris, the brand’s show was a wonderland of butterfly-dusted cardigans and bloomers, sharing space with irreverent graphic tees and sheer neon tank dresses. Sébastien Meyer and Arnaud Vaillant certainly wielded their magic wands for the star-studded affair, with Kylie Jenner closing the show in a drop-waist ballgown with a full skirt. The last show of the season, it certainly gave this Paris Fashion Week a fairy-tale ending.” —Jennifer Jenkins, assistant accessories editor
“Boho is back, and Chemena Kamali is leading the charge. At her Spring/Summer 2025 showing for Chloé, the new creative director expanded upon what she built last spring by unveiling a collection even more feminine and freewheeling. The moment was elevated by the presence of one of the modern pioneers of boho, Sienna Miller, who took it all in from the front row. Once the show began, it was an absolute triumph. The flouncy dresses seemed to be moving even when the models were standing still. The pastel palette was like a candy store come to life. The flashy accessories could translate from a beach to a fancy dinner with ease. I’m not exaggerating when I say I’ve thought about this show every day since it happened. Come springtime, don’t be surprised if it feels like everyone is trying to emulate the world Kamali has crafted.” —Joel Calfee, editorial and social media assistant
“Louis Vuitton’s Spring/Summer 2025 show playfully intertwined the brand’s classic charm with a modern twist on what Nicolas Ghesquière called “soft power.” Dreamy silk drapings and gemstone-engraved, billowed blouses were perfectly paired against the runway of thousands of heritage trunks. The collection took us on a journey of bold femininity and power dressing, all while staying true to the timeless roots of the iconic house.” —Jackie Judd, assistant fashion editor
With warped hems on dainty cocktail dresses and pencil-straight skirts disappearing into exaggerated cutouts that would make anyone with a fear of holes falter, Miuccia and Raf once again tapped into the messiness of the everyday, distorted into something of a fantasy. It was proof that the seemingly mundane has a twisted underside—which is quirky, maybe a little revolting, but definitely makes for exciting fashion. —Michella Oré, fashion commerce editor
Jacquemus Goes Bananas for Jon Gries in New Shoot
I Swear This Cardigan Transcends Seasons
The 25 Best Met Gala Dresses of All Time
How to Get the Dandy Look
The Looks We’d Love to See at the Met Gala
(RED) Gets Ready to Turn 20
7 Best Asics Shoes for Walking
Chanel and Friends Pay Tribute to Motherhood
10 Gifts for the Most Important Gems: Moms
Why We Still Love Princess Diana (and Her Style)
5 Sneaker Trends Defining Spring 2025
In Praise of the Perfect Pump
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.