By 

	Tomás Mier


Leonardo DiCaprio is endorsing Vice President Kamala Harris for president and championing her policy initiatives related to climate change. On Friday, the actor shared a video where he criticized Donald Trump’s approach to the climate crisis and highlighted Harris’ leadership in passing the Inflation Reduction Act.

	“Earlier this month, hurricanes Helene and Milton devastated parts of Florida, Georgia and North Carolina. Families lost homes, livelihoods, and loved ones to some of the strongest Atlantic hurricanes ever recorded,” DiCaprio said in a video posted to social media. “These storms have done an estimated $100 billion in damage, and make no mistake, these unnatural disasters were caused by climate change.”
A post shared by Leonardo DiCaprio (@leonardodicaprio)

	“Donald Trump continues to deny the facts. He continues to deny the science. He withdrew the United States from the Paris Climate Accords and rolled back critical environmental protections,” he added. “Now he’s promised the oil and gas industry that he’ll get rid of any regulation they want in exchange for a billion-dollar donation. Climate change is killing the earth and ruining our economy. We need a bold step forward to save our economy, our planet and ourselves. That’s why I’m voting for Kamala Harris.”

	










	DiCaprio continued by praising Harris’ “significant climate action,” and her goals to achieve net zero emissions by 2050 by building a green economy that he says will create jobs and “save our planet.”

	“Check your registration at IWillVote.com and join me in voting for Kamala Harris on November 5 because we cannot afford to go backward,” he concluded.





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	









	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	








	DiCaprio has been a longtime advocate for combating climate change, and has supported Democratic candidates over the years. He attended a Joe Biden fundraiser in 2020.

	Over the last few months, Harris has garnered the support of numerous celebrities across the music and entertainment industries, including Megan Thee Stallion, Taylor Swift, Charli XCX, Bruce Springsteen, Maná, and Cardi B among many others. 
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.