Matty Healy is reportedly engaged to his model girlfriend, Gabbriette Bechtel.
On Saturday, Deuxmoi posted old and new screenshots of alleged exclusive tips saying that The 1975 frontman could tie the knot soon.
"Not sure if you already posted about it or not, but Matty Healy and Gabriette are engaged," a tipster told the outlet in November 2023 with a request to remain anonymous.
RELATED :
Did Taylor Swift Cry During 'Eras Tour' Because Of Matty Healy, Not Joe Alwyn?
In another Instagram Story, Deuxmoi said that its source was trustworthy when a social media user confirmed the source's reliability.
"Anon please -- Matty Healy [and] Gabbriette are engaged. She referred to him as her fiancé tonight," a tipster told the outlet recently.
Enstarz could not independently confirm the veracity of the claims of Deuxmoi's sources as of the moment.
Matty, 34, and Gabbriette, 26, were reportedly linked romantically since September 2023, following the former's split from Taylor Swift in June of the same year, according to People.
RELATED :
Matty Healy's Mom Has Sweet Message To Taylor Swift Amid 'The Tortured Poets Department' Controversy
The two were spotted packing on the PDA -- kissing, holding hands and hugging -- while wearing matching black outfits in New York City that month.
Since then, they have been seen together in other events such as Fashion Week and The 1975 concerts.
A post shared by instagram
Like Healy, Bechtel is into music. Before becoming a model, she was the lead vocalist of the punk rock band Nasty Cherry, formed by English pop singer Charli XCX.
Per her Instagram posts, she has worked with brands like YSL, Nike Women, Prada, Dolce & Gabbana, SKIMS, Levi's, Hugo, Marc Jacobs, Burberry, Versace and Jacquemus, among many others.
A post shared by instagram
When she's not posting modeling-related photos, Gabriette is sharing cooking and baking videos -- recipes included -- on social media.
In May 2023, Healy's girlfriend was featured in Vogue with an exclusive story titled "Rising Model And Goth Girl Gabbriette Moonlights As An Instagram Chef."
"Growing up, my family was always cooking. My mum is Mexican and my dad is German so there were all these different cultures colliding in our house. They were really experimental and would always have copies of Bon Appétit laid out. My mum would always be putting a twist on a recipe and my dad would be grilling something or making sauerkraut," she revealed.
"Family meals were a big part of our life, we'd sit down together after school without our phones and talk about our day, and the cooking process was always a big part of that."
A post shared by instagram
The then-25-year-old also got candid about her personal life, telling the magazine that she "never really felt like she fit in" before.
"The majority of students at my high school were beautiful, strictly white blonde girls, and my sister and I were Hispanic. I was called some pretty awful things. But then I just learned to laugh at it," she revealed.
At the time, she was "convinced [she] was going to be a professional ballerina," so she moved from her hometown, Orange County, to Los Angeles to pursue her dreams.
However, instead of doing ballet, she found herself dancing in Blood Orange's music videos on MTV, which became her gateway to modeling.
Outside cooking and modeling, Gabbriette said she's "really into interior design."
"Not many people know this, but I'm really into interior design. So I'd love to open a space so people can have the full experience," she said, sharing that she dreams of opening a café one day.