By ALEX HAMMER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  06:18, 26 August 2024   |  Updated:  06:59, 26 August 2024   
 186
View  comments
A woman who attended the Democratic National Convention last week was filmed revealing that she prefers Republican men to their Democratic counterparts. 
The exchange went viral after satirist Lionel McGloin, who infiltrated the political event in Chicago, posted it on his YouTube channel, No Cap on God.
McGloin asked the unidentified woman, 'Who are the cuties in the Democratic party that are speaking?'
But she responded, apparently a native of the capital: 'Oh I don't know. Talk to anyone who lives in DC - it's hard to find a cute Democrat.'
The woman, hinted at why she found Republican men more alluring as she started laughing and said: 'Republican guys are hotter but they're evil.'
Scroll down for video: 
A woman who attended the Democratic National Convention over the weekend was filmed describing why she prefers Republicans over Democrats in terms of looks
The exchange, captured by a prankster who infiltrated the event Friday, can be seen in full on the YouTuber's YouTube page, No Cap on God. In it, satirist Lionel McGloin asks the blonde attendee what Democrat 'cuties' were poised to speak during the event's fourth dayT
McGloin, playing up to the moment, said: 'We kind of love evil, you are so bad,' as the young woman laughed along, appearing to agree. 
The woman says:  'Yeah but they're evil. So like, I don't know!
'I don't know!' she repeats, raising her voice to a comedic pitch, while happily playing along with the trope that women are attracted to 'bad boys.'
McGloin then tells her suggestively 'You are so bad,' as she hysterically laughs along.
The moment was one of several wild clips that McGloin filmed at the DNC which helped his video go viral.
It remained unclear how McGloin gained access to the event, as his videos often come at the expense of those being interviewed even when they aren't necessarily famous.
Such was the case with the female attendee and several others interviewed, for a creation that evidently sought to spoof the 'brat' theme that surfaced amongst Kamala Harris supporters and young, mostly female social media users.
'You are so bad,' McGloin tells her before being met with a laugh on the event floor - one of several exchanges that helped his video go viral
'Crazy video on YT: I got on the floor of the DNC and played my favorite game of Yass Queen or no queen,' an animated McGloin wrote on Instagram after the fact, adding, 'I totally won for most brat.'
Utilizing more of the latest lingo to perhaps pan the attendees, he added: 'I was all in for the vibes but I don’t know if I can forgive the national committee for the Beyoncé and Taylor Swift bait and switch.'
Both were no-shows at the event, despite multiple rumors suggesting otherwise. 
'Like I could understand not having them, but the vibe was that both were coming - which left me extremely upset and definitely triggered my trust issues around women following through,' a noticeably sarcastic McGloin continued.  
'I love all women obviously. Everyone was very demure,' he went on, using more buzz words.
'The radio doesn’t count. Kamala is very hot and confident in person she’s definitely ready for the moment. My bio is where you can meet the democratic national brat.'
 He went on to advertise some of the interviews he was able to secure despite being a comedian, with people like Rep. Jerry Nadler, James, Cuomo, Sen. Raphael Warnock, Buttigieg, Michael Cohen, JJ Abrams, Kellyanne Conway, Sen. Ed Markey, Harry Sisson, and Twitch streamer Hasan Piker.
He went on to advertise some of the interviews he was able to secure despite being a comedian, like with Chris Cuomo, who told him his best pickup line is 'I'll pay'
He also interviewed AG Letitia James, with whom he conversed about Donald Trump potentially 'weaponizing the justice system when he gets in power', a concept that she agreed with
At one point, he asked an attendee whether she'd want free abortions and gender-affirming care for migrants. 'She's brat,' he said repeatedly throughout, in reference to the Charli XCX album that has become a meme among the left
When questioned, Cuomo, who was fired from CNN for flouting journalistic standards when he helped his brother Andrew, provided his best pickup line for obtaining a girl: 'I'll pay.'
With James, he conversed about Donald Trump potentially 'weaponizing the justice system when he gets in power', a concept that she quickly said could happen.
She went on to label Trump as 'dangerous', six months after the New York State Supreme Court ruled in her favor in her office's civil fraud case against the aspiring president, who has since appealed that verdict. 
Meanwhile, McGloin, seemingly embracing the femininity of many of Harris's followers, went on to engage in a series of other escapades - like asking another woman a series of 'yes queen' or no queen' questions about whether she'd want free abortions and gender-affirming care for migrants. 
The host at one point even appeared to get Massachusetts Senator Ed Markey to consider legalizing cocaine. 
He also repeatedly classified things as being 'brat', in reference to the Charli XCX album that has become a meme among the left.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group