Justice launched the penultimate day of All Points East into another stratosphere with otherworldly visuals and an operatic setlist.


  Saturday (August 24) at the east London festival was often mired in wet weather – but the best sets of the day fortuitously coincided with the limited bursts of sunshine.


  The first act to dazzle the rain away was Shygirl, who brought the club to the main stage with a selection of her best dance tunes.


  Surrounded by her four backup dancers, the 31-year-old from Blackheath belted out fan favourites including tell me and encore.


























                    View this post on Instagram
                
























A post shared by Shygirl (@0800shygirl)






A post shared by Shygirl (@0800shygirl)


  Next up – after a brief drizzly interlude – came Romy, whose pared-back set was performed, perhaps fittingly, under a perfect double rainbow.


  After going solo, the former xx singer and guitarist discussed how her debut album embraced her sexuality, and Saturday’s set celebrated this queer love.


  The highlight may have been obvious – crowd-pleaser Strong – but it really does get better every time you hear it (and even better when performed live).


  If Shygirl earlier took All Points East to the club, Mura Masa then brought the crowd home to his afters; huddled over his decks, the Guernsey-born artist carried east London into the night.


  Among his own tracks, the songwriter even indulged the crowd with Charli XCX’s 360 – it is brat summer after all.


























                    View this post on Instagram
                
























A post shared by @the_mura_masa






A post shared by @the_mura_masa


  And with no disrespect to Mura Masa’s other friends who danced and sang around him throughout the set – there was only one from his entourage who stood out.


  Vocalist Fliss (@thisfliss on Instagram) brought oodles of energy and charisma to the stage, hyping the crowd up and orchestrating their involvement.


  And while Mura Masa (and Fliss) could easily have been Saturday’s headliner – Field Day provided one final spectacle to close the night.


  French electronic music duo Justice took to the stage in a haze of smoke and flashing white lights.


























                    View this post on Instagram
                
























A post shared by Field Day (@fielddayfestivals)






A post shared by Field Day (@fielddayfestivals)


  Victoria Park shook with every beat of their operatic track Genesis – a rocket launched into the night.


  Stars exploded across the LED boards that flank the main stage, and to the left, the (real) moon hung low and bright in the sky.


  Over the next hour, the air exploded with electronic sound, as the duo played some of their best-known songs, from Neverender to D.A.N.C.E to One Night/All Night.


  It was a dazzling end to a stellar line-up on the penultimate day of All Points East – with sets like these, you might never want to come back down to Earth again.  


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.