Giddy up!
Sasha and Malia Obama dressed for the Wild West at Billie Eilish’s star-studded Halloween party in Hollywood on Saturday night.
Malia, 26, opted for a modern twist on cowgirl couture with her denim miniskirt, classic white tank top and thigh-high leather boots.
She styled the look with a black whipstitched cowboy hat and threw a faux snake around her neck, Britney Spears-style. The Harvard grad also appeared to be rocking a fake tattoo around her left bicep.
Her 23-year-old sister, Sasha, went for subtler Western vibes.
The younger of Barack and Michelle Obama’s daughters wore a blue baby tee, striped shorts and slouchy brown boots.
The University of Southern California grad bundled up in a black leather trench coat and accessorized with a buckled belt and studded bag.
At another point in the evening, Malia was photographed smiling in the back of an SUV en route to the Birds Street Club in West Hollywood, according to the Daily Mail.
Many other A-listers were in attendance at the “Bad Guy” hitmaker’s party, including model Kaia Gerber, rapper The Kid Laroi and actress Kiernan Shipka.
Eilish’s brother, Finneas, and his girlfriend, Claudia Sulewski, were also there, per Just Jared.
The other celebs dressed down for the night, with The Kid Laroi, 21, choosing a gray hooded sweatshirt and black trousers.
Shipka, 24, wore a white long-sleeved dress with matching white socks and black Mary Jane heels. 
The Obama sisters’ recent outing comes nearly two weeks after they attended the Charli XCX concert in Los Angeles.
In pics obtained by E! News, Sasha wore a long-sleeved graphic tee and skinny jeans to the Sweat Tour on Oct. 16. She styled the look with black leather boots, an oversized belt and a stack of bangles.
Malia wore a gray halter top, a denim skirt and black tights, along with glossy black patent boots.
Last month, Malia made headlines for her cameo at the Deauville American Film Festival in France.
While on the red carpet at the Sept. 6 premiere of her directorial debut, “The Heart,” she wore a plaid Vivienne Westwood look.
Malia opted for the brand’s draped Sunday corset, asymmetrical J.M maxi skirt and knee-high leather boots.
Advertisement