At Amazon, the more markdowns the merrier.
And while it’s still October, the mega-retailers already heralding the holiday season with its Amazon Holiday Beauty Haul — a once-a-year event featuring a slew of skincare, makeup and haircare for up to 30% off.
Not sure where to start? We’ve scoured the site for the best deals on celebrity-loved labels and products — from cult-favorite Crest Whitestrips to Oprah’s “favorite” Sunday Riley serum. 
Forget candy canes, this minty fresh find just might be the best stocking stuffer out there. Stars like Charli XCX, Kendall Jenner, Sydney Sweeney and Kate Hudson have all raved about the pout product over the years, with the latter even telling British Vogue it’s “the best product right now.”
For even more gift wrap-ready finds from the brand, the Laneige Heavenly Hydration Set ($33 $26) is also deeply discounted.
Score smile-worthy deals on the whitestrips beauty editors and celebrities swear by. Paige DeSorbo told E! she’s used the strips since high school, calling them “the best things ever,” while Chrishell Stause has also cited them as a go-to.
Page Six Style editor Elana Fishman’s also a longtime fan, once raving, “I’ve tried in-office whitening treatments, and these are just as effective (and way cheaper). Even my dentist approves!”
Celebrities and this beauty buy? Just call it a match made in Hollywood. Kendall Jenner, Eva Longoria and Camila Cabello have all used it on the red carpet, while Martha Stewart’s makeup artist Daisy Foye once told People she uses it on her superstar client “every day.”
“It’s how she gets that dewy look, like she just got a facial,” she added to the outlet. “I’m obsessed with it.”
Everyone from Emily Ratajkowski to Alex Cooper to Ariana Madix has shouted out Cosrx’s buzzy snail mucin skincare over the years — and right now, it’s deeply discounted at Amazon (along with the gift-ready Glass Skin Starter Set).
The latter “Vanderpump Rules” star once told the Strategist she “stole” it from her boyfriend, discovering that it “feels really nice.”
Want that J.Lo glow? The star’s makeup artist Scott Barnes told Page Six Style he swipes this Aquaphor stick under his clients’ eyes before powder and concealer.
“It keeps everything moist and pliable, and it doesn’t cake up,” the beauty pro raved of the “amazing” trick, which went viral TikTok earlier this year. 
“RHOC” star Heather Dubrow’s also a fan of the hack, once telling us the skincare stick “kind of fills in the lines a little so the makeup smooths over.”
Plenty of stars agree that this Good Genes serum is a good buy. Drew Barrymore and Oprah have both sung its praises, with the latter star even featuring it on her 2018 “Favorite Things” list.
Teddi Mellencamp’s also stocking up on the stuff, as she recently told us it’s her “fave serum for clearer, smoother skin.”
Deck the halls (er, hauls) with Dyson products this season, including this cord-free straightener available at a whopping $100 off.
Oprah gave the original version of Philosophy’s Hope in a Jar Moisturizer “Ultimate Favorite Things” status in 2010, saying she’d already been using it for a decade.
“It’s hands down the best moisturizer I’ve ever used,” she raved of the cream.
Chrissy Teigen, Rita Ora and Miley Cyrus have all been linked to Foreo’s face cleansing devices over the tears. It’s also a favorite for “It” girls of the fictional variety, as Lily Collins’ Emily has one on her dresser in the latest season of “Emily in Paris.”
Drew Barrymore and Gwyneth Paltrow have both been linked to this makeup removing must-have, with the latter raving on Goop, “It’s unscented, doesn’t dry your skin or sting, and gets rid of all your makeup with a few swipes. You’re left with soft, clean skin.”
Not everything Sofia Richie owns comes with a quiet luxury price tag. The star’s been singing this bronzer’s praises for years, from a 2019 Vogue interview to a 2023 TikTok re-creating her wedding makeup. 
While Bethenny Frankel’s tested plenty of budget-friendly beauty buys over the years, not all of them earn a permanent place in her beauty bag.
She showed off this cocnealer in a video outlining which items earned a spot in the “very coveted real estate” of her beauty collection, calling it “really good.”
Kyle Richards shouted out this multi-tasking tool in an Amazon Livestream, saying, “I tend to go through these things, my daughters take them.”
What do Selena Gomez, Kendall Jenner and Martha Stewart have in common? All three have bene linked to this face spray, which the latter star recently told Good Housekeeping is “so refreshing.” 
Few lipsticks are as instantly recognizable Clinique’s black honey, a barely-there plum hue worn by Drew Barrymore, Molly Ringwald and more.
This article was written by Hannah Southwick, Commerce Writer/Reporter for Page Six Style. Hannah spies deals on actually affordable celebrity-worn styles, puts Hollywood’s favorite labels to the test and finds the beauty products that keep stars red carpet-ready. She consults stylists and industry pros — including celebs themselves — for firsthand product recommendations, trend predictions and more. In addition to writing for Page Six since 2020, her work has been featured in USA Today and Parade.