By J. PETERSON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  03:37, 14 December 2024   |  Updated:  04:03, 14 December 2024   
 19
View  comments
A fan of singer-songwriter Jack Antonoff has sparked outrage over an inappropriate selfie.
TikTok influencer Adam Barrera cornered the producer in the bathroom at the Variety Hitmakers event in Hollywood last weekend and snapped a selfie with him.
The photo was taken in the mirror as Antonoff was washing his hands, presumably after using the toilet.
Posting the image to X, formerly Twitter, Barrera gushed, 'So I met Jack Antonoff in the bathroom.' 
The Bleachers frontman, who has penned hits for Taylor Swift and Lana Del Rey, looked incredibly unimpressed in the image.
The selfie was poorly received on social media, with most people blasting Barrera for bothering the star in such a private place.
'You didn’t meet him, you creepily asked him for a selfie he’s very obviously not into taking. It must be so weird being that famous like you can’t even use the bathroom in peace,' wrote political commentator Rob Smith. 
'This is so cringe, let the man use the bathroom in peace,' wrote another.
TikTok influencer Adam Barrera sparked outrage after taking a bathroom selfie with hitmaker Jack Antonoff last weekend
'You didn’t meet him, you creepily asked him for a selfie he’s very obviously not into taking,' wrote political commentator Rob Smith
A third commented, 'He must be a saint because I would tell you to f**k off. Let those people at least use a bathroom in peace.'
Another wrote, 'Asking for a pic in the bathroom is such thirsty, low-grade, desperate behavior.'
'Taking a picture of someone while they're literally drying their hands in the bathroom is low life activities,' added a fifth. 
'So disrespectful and unnecessary. Celebrities deserve the same privacy that anyone in the bathroom deserves,' wrote another.
'Asking for someone’s picture in the bathroom and then taking it IN the bathroom, is the grossest thing I have ever heard of tbh,' added one.
The photo has currently racked up almost 800,000 views on X alone. 
Barrera is known for covering the world of pop music on his TikTok account, where he boasts 1.4million followers. 
Outside of Antonoff, he managed to snap selfies with a number of other celebrities at the Variety event, including Charli XCX.
The selfie was not well received, with most people blasting Barrera for bothering the star in such a private place
As Taylor Swift superfans will know, Antonoff is the brains behind some of the pop star's greatest hits - including Anti-Hero, Cruel Summer, Karma, and Fortnight.
Since 2012, Jack has won 11 Grammy Awards - including three Album of the Years for Taylor Swift's 1989, Folklore and Midnights and three Producer of the Year awards.
In 2019, he also won a Grammy for Song of the Year and Album of the Year for Lana del Rey's Norman F***ing Rockwell, which he produced.
The producer's love life has proven to be equally as noteworthy as his music, as he previously dated Scarlett Johansson and Lena Dunham before marrying Margaret Qualley, who is the daughter of Andie MacDowell, last year. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group