Trend upon trend, upon trend! 
Awards season is in *full swing* which means that we have seen some major fashion over the course of the Emmys, BAFTAs, Golden Globes, Fashion Awards, Grammys...and the list goes on. 
One things we're noticing? That after-party looks can rival the outfits seen at the major event. Case-in-point? Maya Jama's recent outing at the Brits after-party, courtesy of Warner Music and Cîroc at London's NoMad. 
This year's Brit Awards saw some seriously gorgeous ensembles, including a custom Marni gown from Charli XCX that looked like a literal work of art, featuring a resin sculptural bodice. Other big hitters included Dua Lipa in a leather custom Versace gown, Kylie Minogue who wore a seriously stunning ruffled skirt, AJ Odudu who stunned in a sparkle sequin cutout gown and Raye who looked gorge in an embellished Fendi LBD.
But anyway, back to Maya! To the awards ceremony, she wore a stunning velvet boned gown with a bubble hem - and she ate that look! But her after-party outfit was equally stunning. 
The presenter and all-around it girl wore a stunning black, see-through dress constructed from sparkling lace and featuring major cutouts on either sides of her ribs and a trailing hem. She rocked a plunging, lace-up neckline that travelled down to her navel.
Topping things off, she wore her hair low-key and loose, and kept accessories and makeup to a minimum - rocking a French pedicure on her toes and a pair of open-toed, high-heeled sandals. 
Officially obsessed! 
Megan Wallace (they/them) is Cosmopolitan UK’s Former Sex and Relationships Editor covering sexual pleasure, sex toys, LGBTQIA+ identity, dating and romance. They have covered sexuality and relationships for over five years and are the founder of the PULP zine, which publishes essays on culture and sex. In their spare time, they can be found exploring the London kink scene and planning dates on Feeld. 
Kendall wears vintage Mugler to Oscars after-party
Sydney Sweeney's Oscars after-party dress is ✨✨✨
Ofc EmRata's lace naked dress is see-through
Kim K wears wedding dress to VF Oscars party
Olivia Wilde is basically naked at VF Oscars party
You are not ready for Doja Cat’s Oscars look
Lily-Rose Depp serves Nosferatu chic at the Oscars
Kylie Jenner wears cut-out black dress to Oscars
Ariana Grande wears massive peplum to 2025 Oscars
The suuuuuper daring looks at the VF Oscars Party
Every can't-miss red carpet looks from the Oscars
Jade Thirlwall's ballgown cosplays Corpse Bride
Cosmopolitan, Part of the Hearst UK Fashion & Beauty Network
Cosmopolitan participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England 112955. All Rights Reserved.