Today's Digital Daily	
			



	
			Today's Digital Daily	
			

The "American Idol" alum is hitting the road.

	“God made me because he wants me to use my talent to reach others in a unique way.” 

	This was “American Idol” alum Haven Madison’s heartfelt journal entry for a middle school assignment exploring the question, “Why did God make you?” Fast-forward nearly a decade, and the now 18-year-old pop singer has finally brought that dream to life.

	On April 26, the Nashville-based artist released her five-track EP titled, “Turn Off All the Lights,” featuring emotional songs like “Claw Marks” and “Monster.” This EP marks her first major project since she was a finalist last year on Season 21 of “American Idol” where Haven was dubbed the “next big pop star” by “California Gurls” singer and judge Katy Perry.

	











	
			Related Articles	
	













	People
	



	
			Camello 'Frenchie' Casimir, the Haitian-American Hairstylist Who Defined Modern Dandy Style	
			













	Lifestyle
	



	
			Coffees, Mountain Valley Water and 10,000 Flowers: How The Mark Hotel Prepares for the Met Gala	
			








	“Honestly, the hardest part of writing the album was that I was so afraid of what people from my hometown would think,” Madison said. “However, Katy Perry thought I was good enough, and I knew I had something to say, so I was [confident] it’d be a good album.”




			You May Also Like		






	One track on the EP that pulled on fans’ heartstrings — along with Madison’s — is “Sky Up,” a song inspired by someone she once believed was the love of her life.

	“I wrote ‘Sky Up’ about this guy who I thought was the love of my life, and right before the track was set to be released, we broke up,” Madison said. “It’s actually really funny now when I look back at it. Even though I’m not the same person I was when I wrote that, I have to remember what [the pain] felt like so it resonates in everything I do. I mean, that [pain] is just something you can’t fake.”

	Now, a few months after the EP dropped, Madison is gearing up for two tours.

	She’s opening for New Hope Club, a pop band consisting of Blake Richardson, Reeve Biddy and George Smith. The tour officially kicked off on Monday in New York City, with additional stops in Chicago, Los Angeles, San Diego and more happening later this month.

	When this tour concludes, Madison will hit the road again, this time alongside fellow “American Idol” fan favorites Blake Proehl, Kaibrienne and Kayko. Kicking off on Oct. 29 in Portland, Ore., the concert series is set to make stops in Dallas; Columbus, Ohio; Philadelphia, and elsewhere.

	Although Madison won’t officially join New Hope Club until midway through the tour, she made a special appearance Monday night at NYC’s Mercury Lounge, performing alongside Jason Schmidt for a sold-out crowd. During the concert, the bubbly singer sang three unreleased tracks, one being “Obsessed” which was co-written with Gene Simmons’ daughter, Sophie Simmons. Despite being unreleased, the catchy tune instantly had the crowd screaming and dancing along, showcasing Madison’s knack for connecting with her audience.

	“I was getting a lot of random hate comments online, and I was wondering if what they were saying was true. For ‘Obsessed’ we started with the pre-chorus, which says, ‘I just live, laugh, love, while you die, cry, saying you hate my songs, but you sing them.’ Suddenly, the guy on the computer dropped a beat, and we all started dancing. The whole song is about taking those comments as a compliment because I think, if I’m not getting hate, I’m not doing something right.” Madison said. “It’s like Charli XCX meets Tate McRae meets early Katy Perry — all dressed in Haven.”

	










	While music is at the heart of her performances, fashion also plays an essential role in creating the “true Haven Madison experience.”

	One standout look from her “tourdrobe” is a strapless white dress inspired by her unreleased song “FU Cupid.” This Renaissance-inspired gown will be spray-painted with lyrics like “I hate you too. XOXO. Thanks, Bye,” and embellished with pins that reflect the song’s themes, Madison noted.

	“I made this dress with L.A.-based designer La Donna who is not only an angel but a bad b–ch that has the most insane eye for fashion,” she added. “I think this will be a really fun look.”

	Colorful denim is also poised to make an appearance on tour. “I have this one piece that’s denim with a mesh ombré pink and blue layer coming out of it. It takes the denim and makes it more feminine so it can really pop,” Madison said. “Overall, I’m just really excited to go on tour and interact with fans.”
Sign up for WWD news straight to your inbox every day
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
WWD and Women's Wear Daily are part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All Rights Reserved.