By 

	Brittany Spanos


Addison Rae is on a pop hot streak, following up “Diet Pepsi” with the dreamy “Aquamarine.” 

	Rae opens the entrancing song by stating, “The world is my oyster/Baby, come touch the pearl/The world is my oyster/And I’m the only girl.” Above a sparkling track, the star makes a series of sea-inspired double-entendres and even references the Heart of the Ocean necklace from both Titanic and Britney Spears’ “Oops!…I Did It Again.”

	For the chorus, Rae declares: “Aquamarine/Honey, dive into me/I’m not hiding anymore/I won’t hide/I’m free.”





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	









	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	








	Rae began to branch off from her TikTok fame in 2021 with her single “Obsessed” as well as her first film role in Netflix’s He’s All That. Last year, after several demos and songs leaked online, Rae dropped the EP AR via Sandlot Records. She also starred in Eli Roth’s slasher film Thanksgiving. Her viral summer single “Diet Pepsi” was Rae’s first with Columbia Records and has been slowly climbing up the Billboard Hot 100 since it debuted at Number 88 on the chart. It currently sits at Number 54. 

	










	Rae has been an instrumental part of friend Charli XCX‘s Brat rollout. She performed at XCX’s Boiler Room set in February, appeared on a remix of “Von Dutch,” and has performed said remix with the U.K. star at her album release show in Los Angeles and later during the New York City stop of her Sweat Tour co-headlined with Troye Sivan. During Charli’s show at Madison Square Garden, Rae also delivered the live debut of “Diet Pepsi.”
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.