What? A new study led by researchers from Penn State found that humor can be an effective parenting tool, helping to build strong and lasting relationships between parents and children.
So What? Though more research is needed to determine the proper context of humorous interactions, initial findings suggest that when they’re used in appropriate familial settings, “humor can teach people cognitive flexibility, relieve stress and promote creative problem solving and resilience.”
Now What? For now, keep cracking those dad jokes! Leaders of the study, admittedly, recommend using discernment; an ill-timed joke could cause more tension than relief. Nobody wants to appear the buffoon, after all. But in a survey of adult children whose parents used humor while raising them, 50.5% report a good relationship with their parents today, compared to only 2.9% of those whose parents were more somber.
What? “Underconsumption core” is a new trend on social media that combats influencer culture by encouraging followers to embrace minimalism and not purchase goods or services promoted by social media influencers.
So What? Although underconsumption is a decidedly good thing, it’s turned into something of a humblebrag. And now folks promoting the concept are being critiqued for their tone-deaf approach to what “normal” consumerism is.
Now What? We should teach our children to be conscientious of how they spend money and consume products. Overconsumption—especially as it pertains to influencer and ad culture—can lead to consumer fatigue and sustainability concerns. But we should also teach our kids to be humble in how they present themselves (and their consuming habits) online and to show grace to folks who may have different spending habits.
What? “Brat summer” began trending in June with the release of English pop star Charli XCX’s new album, Brat. It involved bold styles featuring lime green, baby tees and sporty sunglasses. Charli XCX also pushed cigarettes as part of the “brat” aesthetic. And it promoted an attitude that embraced flaws in an almost egotistical manner. But now that school is back in session, “demure fall” is taking over.
So What? This latest trend has been popularized by trans TikToker Jools Lebron. And it seemingly promotes modesty and restraint. But psychologists warn that a total dedication to the “demure” persona could lead adopters to feel misunderstood and tense as friends and classmates expect them to restrain all thoughts and feelings.
Now What? Brat summer and demure fall go to show, once again, why we should be aware of where social media trends originate. But more than that, we should talk to our teens about why they feel the need to dress and act like the people they see online. Growing up is tough enough without constantly trying to conform to society’s expectations. And considering these trends go from one end of the spectrum to the other, it could leave teens feeling even more confused about who they are and where they fit in.
Emily studied film and writing when she was in college. And when she isn’t being way too competitive while playing board games, she enjoys food, sleep, and geeking out with her husband indulging in their “nerdoms,” which is the collective fan cultures of everything they love, such as Star Wars, Star Trek, Stargate and Lord of the Rings.
I’m not a parent, but as a Christian owner of an online micro business (I’m the only employee :)) who has to do a lot of my marketing on social media, I like to have some idea of where trends are coming from so I can be thoughtful about what they mean, especially before I associate my business with it by using a popular audio in an Instagram reel for marketing, or something like that. The “demure” audio breached my awareness recently (“brat summer” went straight over my head until it was already over, LOL) and I was wondering about the source, so this article was very helpful.
Yeah I haven’t heard of brat summer until now, and it’s weird because I spend a good bit of time online