Liam Payne is set to be honoured at the upcoming MTV EMAs, which will take place in Manchester this weekend.
The music ceremony, which will be hosted by Rita Ora, will take place at Co-op Live on Sunday and will feature performances from the likes of Pet Shop Boys, Shawn Mendes and Teddy Swims.
The event, which is set to pay homage to Manchester’s music roots, sees the likes of Sabrina Carpenter, Taylor Swift, Beyoncé, Eminem and Charli XCX lead this year’s nominations.
READ MORE: MTV makes huge investment into Manchester's legacy ahead of EMAs ceremony
Whilst a number of elements of the awards ceremony are still under wraps, it has been revealed that the show is set to feature a tribute to former One Direction star Liam Payne, who tragically died last month.
The beloved musician died after falling from a balcony at his hotel in Argentina on October 16. In an official statement, investigators linked the tragedy to a substance-induced 'psychotic episode' they said they believed he suffered.
Host Rita previously collaborated with Liam in 2018 on song For You. Following the news of Liam’s death, the musician was seen breaking down on stage during a performance last month as she described him as being ‘the kindest soul’.
Speaking to Billboard, MTV EMAs Executive Producer Bruce Gillmer told the outlet that there were now plans in motion to honour Liam during the Sunday night show, which will air on MTV UK and Channel 5.
When asked about any plans to honour the musician, Gilmer told the publication: “For sure, there’ll be an acknowledgement of his passing. It’s appropriate given the connection to the audience and what he means to the brand."
The probe into the tragic death of One Direction's Liam Payne continues, as his body has since been returned to the UK ahead of his funeral.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.