And you can buy the same set rn!!
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we love. Promise.
ICYMI, Sabrina Carpenter is having her moment this year—from gracing a Cosmo cover to debuting the song of the summer to announcing her Short n’ Sweet tour—which, FYI, the album drops on August 23. Her latest takeover? Launching her own smoothie at buzzy, celeb-loved grocery store Erewhon, of course. 
Sabrina took to IG to announce the blue smoothie (which is appropriately named “Short n’ Sweet”), wearing a matching blue knit set from It Girl brand GUIZIO. And while you may not be able to justify spending $23 on a smoothie you’ll drink in 20 minutes, you can put that money toward buying Sabrina’s same GUIZIO Knit Set that you’ll wear again and again. Girl math, amirite?
The equally short n’ sweet blue tank and mini skirt set features bow details and is available in sizes XXS-XL. Whether you’re looking for a summer wardrobe boost or something to wear to Sabrina’s upcoming Short n’ Sweet tour, this lil set is add-to-cart-worthy. But I know each piece costs over $100, which is def a bit of a splurge, so I found some more affordable options below that offer the same vibe if you’re looking to save some $$$: 
Sabrina isn’t the only pop star rocking the super trendy and cool brand GUIZIO rn—Charli XCX was just seen this past week in GUIZIO wearing the Soffiano Set. I think it’s pretty safe to say that the brand is also brat-summer-approved, no?
Even Water Couldn't Douse Tyla's Scorching Looks
Carrie Bradshaw Would Love Doechii’s Latest Look
Sources Debunk Jen and Pedro Dating Rumors
Demi Lovato Recreates Her Iconic ‘Disney Knees’ 
Katy Perry's Naked Dress Is Totally See-Through
Sophia Joked About How Olivia Hid Her Pregnancy
Benson Boone Stays Shirtless While Recording Music
Timothée Chalamet Is Entering a New Era at 'SNL'
Meghan and Harry Respond to L.A. Wildfires
Anitta Is Rocking the Bikini + Snow Boots Trend
Chrishell Shares L.A. Update With 'Traitors' Promo
Hailey Bieber's Mocha Mousse Trench Coat
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.