Democratic National Committee chair Jaime Harrison announced Friday 
that Vice President Kamala Harris had received enough Democratic 
delegates' votes to be officially named the party's 2024 presidential 
nominee.
Delegate voting began Thursday and will not officially 
close until Monday, but Harrison said the vice president had already 
secured more than enough votes by Friday afternoon.
"I am so proud
 to confirm that Vice President Harris has earned more than a majority 
of votes from all convention delegates and will be the nominee of 
Democratic Party following the close of voting on Monday," Harrison 
said. 
The party quickly coalesced around Harris in the days after
 President Joe Biden announced he would not seek reelection. Biden made 
that announcement July 21, endorsing Harris as his successor the same 
day. She also received endorsements from the majority of elected 
national Democrats, including other prominent figures with possible 
presidential ambitions like Illinois Governor J.B. Pritzker and Michigan
 Governor Gretchen Whitmer.
Their support, a month ahead of the 
Democratic National Convention, foreclosed any notion that Harris would 
face competition for her candidacy. The question now turns to who Harris
 will select as her running mate, with Pritzker and Whitmer still on the
 list of potentials. 
The sudden display of Democratic unity came 
after weeks of party infighting over Biden's reelection chances. Though 
concerns over Biden's age — he is now 81 — have simmered since the 2020 
campaign, they boiled over following his abysmal performance at a June 
27 debate with former President Donald Trump. Biden finally stepped 
aside after increasing pressure from the public and party insiders. 
Prominent
 labor unions have also rallied behind Harris, including the 
International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers, the International 
Alliance of Theatrical Stage Employees, the Communications Workers of 
America, the Service Employees International Union, the United Farm 
Workers, the United Auto Workers, the American Federation of Teachers 
and the National Union of Healthcare Workers. 
Her support among 
Democrats is not absolute, however. Michigan Congresswoman Rashida Tlaib
 has thus far withheld her endorsement, saying in a July 21 statement 
that she hoped for a "transparent democratic process at an open 
convention next month." Other members of the nominally progressive 
"Squad" like Minnesota Congresswoman Ilhan Omar and New York 
Congresswoman Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez have fallen in behind Harris but 
Tlaib's statement put conditions on her support. She said her 
constituents seek an end to military funding for Israel, and a 
presidential candidate who prioritizes environmental, immigration and 
health care reform.
Harris' rightward shift on some of these issues has attracted criticism from left-leaning commentators, while criticisms of Harris from the 2020 campaign have also reemerged. Some home in
 on her tenure as the district attorney of San Francisco from 2004 to 
2011 and as California's attorney general from 2011 to 2017. While in 
San Francisco her office targeted parents of chronically truant 
schoolchildren for prosecution, though no parents ever served jail time.
 Her office also oversaw more than 1,900 convictions for cannabis 
offenses and she came out against the failed 2010 state ballot 
initiative to legalize recreational use. 
Harris' war chest 
continues to swell regardless. Her campaign said it raised about $100 
million, including 1.1 million individual donations, within 36 hours of 
Biden dropping out. That figure had reportedly tripled to over $300 million by the end of July. Politico further reported last week that one of the leading Democratic super PACs, Future Forward, had secured $150 million more in commitments. 
Women Vote, another super PAC backing Harris, launched the vice president's first campaign ad
 July 22 ahead of her nomination. The ad portrays Harris as a champion 
of reproductive rights, which has become a focus of the race. Harris' ad
 contrasts her with Donald Trump's and other Republicans' hostility to 
abortion, proclaiming the vice president "won't back down" on abortion 
access. 
Harris' candidacy has also caused a stir in Gen Z online culture. Pop singer Charli XCX declared
 "kamala IS brat" on social media on July 21, referencing her 
recently-released album "brat." The Harris campaign adopted the 
lime-green "brat" album color on its social media pages soon after, and 
videos of Harris dancing or speaking set to the album's music became so 
prevalent online that Jake Tapper and other commentators north of 40 
tried to puzzle out the phenomenon on CNN.
Other
 users indulged in an ironic movement of "coconutposting," sharing memes
 that involved some combination of coconuts, coconut trees and the vice 
president. The posts reference an aside Harris made during a May 2023 address at the White House, where she compared acknowledging one's place in the context of history to falling out of a coconut tree.
"My
 mother used to — she would give us a hard time sometimes, and she would
 say to us, 'I don’t know what’s wrong with you young people. You think 
you just fell out of a coconut tree?'" the vice president said at the 
time, laughing. "You exist in the context of all in which you live and 
what came before you." 
Unlike most news outlets, the Tucson Sentinel publishes our stories without a paywall. We believe a healthy community depends on everyone having access to quality independent journalism. As a nonprofit organization, we're committed to providing real reporting to all Southern Arizona residents.
A single story can cost us thousands of dollars to report – some take months & months of dogged digging, others require paying for tall stacks of records that officials don't want to provide. Some mean driving to remote corners of Pima County, & some see our reporters sitting through endless government meetings to make sure they get the whole story & not just a quick headline. Our award-winning newsroom has some of the best reporters, photographers & editors in the state, and we're dedicated to getting the story right.
Our pioneering effort (we were one of the very first local nonprofit news outlets in the entire country) to rebuild local journalism will only work if enough people join our Watchdog Club community of paying members. Please join today for as little as $15/month.
For those who can't afford to contribute right now, please sign up for our free Watchdog Update newsletters, & help the spread word about the Sentinel to your friends, family, neighbors & co-workers. Your contributions help the Sentinel sustain & grow our nonprofit newsroom & bolster our commitment to delivering the important independent news our community needs to thrive.

Subscribe and stretch your donation over time:


Or give a secure one-time gift with PayPal or your credit card:

The Tucson Sentinel is published by Tucson Investigative Reporting Center Inc., an Arizona nonprofit organization. Your contribution is tax-deductible. 
 — 30 —
Unlike most news outlets, the Tucson Sentinel publishes our stories without a paywall. We believe a healthy community depends on everyone having access to quality independent journalism, whether they can afford to pay or not. As a nonprofit organization, we're committed to providing real reporting to everyone in Southern Arizona.
But a single story can cost us thousands of dollars to report – some take months and months of dogged digging, others require paying for tall stacks of records that officials don't want to provide. Some mean driving to remote corners of Pima County, and some see our reporters sitting through endless government meetings to make sure they get the whole story and not just a quick headline. Our award-winning newsroom has some of the best reporters, photographers & editors in the state, and we're dedicated to getting the story right.
Our pioneering effort to rebuild local news will only work if enough people join our Watchdog Club community of paying members. Please join today for as little as $15/month.
For those who can't afford to contribute right now, please sign up for one of our free Watchdog Update newsletters, and help the spread word about the Sentinel to your friends, family, neighbors & co-workers. Your contributions help the Sentinel sustain & grow our nonprofit newsroom & bolster our commitment to delivering the important independent news our community needs to thrive.
A smarter Tucson is a better Tucson — and the Sentinel shines a light on this town because we love it. Please join with us today. 

I want to help TucsonSentinel.com offer a real news alternative!


Subscribe and stretch your donation over time:


Or give a secure one-time gift with PayPal or your credit card:

The Tucson Sentinel is published by Tucson Investigative Reporting Center Inc., an Arizona nonprofit organization. Your contribution is tax-deductible. 

	Get the latest authentically local news from TucsonSentinel.com.
	
Tucson Sentinel's independent nonprofit newsroom is an award-winning journalism pioneer that learns from & informs Southern Arizonans about the community challenges & unique culture of our Borderlands.

		Through watchdog reporting, local commentary & expert analysis, the Sentinel inspires residents to be meaningfully engaged with our community, promotes transparency & understanding, seeks solutions that empower, & holds the powerful accountable.

"Tucson's independent watchdog news"
		
© 2009-2025 TucsonSentinel.com, Tucson, Arizona
Best in Internet Exploder
"we read thousands of pages of public recordsso you don't have to"
		

							 Get the latest authentically local news from TucsonSentinel.com. 
							
Tucson Sentinel's independent nonprofit newsroom learns from & informs Southern Arizonans about the community challenges & unique culture of our Borderlands.

			Through watchdog reporting, local commentary & expert analysis, the Sentinel inspires residents to be meaningfully engaged with our community, promotes transparency & understanding, seeks solutions that empower, & holds the powerful accountable.