Brat summers and looking “demure” at work were among the most popular TikTok trends of 2024.
The short-form video app has revealed this year’s top trends in its annual report, known as Year on TikTok, highlighting trends which amassed millions of views.
Sparking humorous advertising campaigns and aesthetic movements impacting people’s lifestyle choices, 2024 saw TikTok’s cultural influence continue to grow.
– Man in finance
This trend started off as a spoken word performance by American creator Megan Boni, known as Girl On Couch, but quickly became catchy song of the year after the sound clip was sampled into various remixes.
The words poke fun at the creator wanting to find her ideal man, prompting her to declare: “I’m looking for a man in finance, trust fund, 6’5, blue eyes”.
A post shared by David Guetta (@davidguetta)
She shared the caption: “Did I just write the song of the summer?” when she shared the video back in April, which has since racked up more than 58 million views on the platform.
In early May, a creator known as rubythepookie sampled the sound clip to create a catchy, electronic hip-hop tune – Boni then recorded the track with superstar DJ David Guetta to storm the charts.
– Brat summer
British singer Charli XCX sent TikTok into a spiral this year after people embraced brat summer, embodying self-love, positive body image, sultry style choices and lots of neon green.
The term “brat” was popularised as the title of the music star’s sixth studio album, which features a bright green cover.
The trend sparked a viral dance created by TikTok’s Kelley Heyer to Charli XCX’s song Apple from the Brat album, which earned 1.3 million views.
The term was named the Collins Word of the Year for 2024, redefined as being “characterised by a confident, independent and hedonistic attitude”, and rapidly became the aesthetic movement of the summer, the dictionary said.
– Sambas and a little red bag
This video shared by Maisie Isobel shows her and her friends calling out key parts of their outfit such as their black and white Adidas Samba trainers and a small red handbag.
The three girls in turn highlight a part of their outfit while singing it to a tune featuring the phrases “boots and a slick back bun”, “cowboy boots and a blowie”, referring to her blowout hairstyle, and “Sambas and a little red bag”.
The video was viewed more than 10.3 million times and was recreated by Netflix’s You star Penn Badgley along with Nava Kavelin and Sophie Ansari, who he co-hosts his comedy podcast Podcrushed with.
– Very mindful, very demure
The catchphrase was started by TikToker Jools Lebron, who gave advice to her followers about “How to be demure and modest and respectful at the workplace”.
While sat in her car, Lebron, styled in pink blush, pink lips and long, blonde hair, explained how her make-up and outfit was workplace appropriate.
She told viewers: “You see how I do my make-up for work? Very demure, very mindful … I don’t look like a clown when I go to work. I don’t do too much. I’m very mindful while I’m at work.”
The video was viewed more than 54 million times and prompted US reality star Khloe Kardashian to take part in her version of the trend with make-up artist Ash K Holm and hair stylist Dimitris Giannetos in a clip which earned 14.9 million views.
– Gen Z employees write the script
A really uncomfortable watch pic.twitter.com/DL2qibncmI
— Currys (@currys) August 29, 2024
Marketing creatives were particularly imaginative this year after some companies let their Generation Z employees, those born after 1996, take control of the script for their TikTok videos.
In August, electrical retailer Currys shared a video of a middle-aged man wearing the Currys uniform promoting the products in its store using current slang, referencing some of TikTok’s top trends.
The video, which has more than 2.5 million views, begins with the man saying, “It’s a brat summer at Currys my guys” before highlighting offers on microwaves that “ate and left no crumbs” and air fryers described as “the GOAT (greatest of all time)”.

                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                

                            Last Updated: 

Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.