By 

	Jem Aswad

Executive Editor, Music

	A day after “Brat” teaser billboards appeared outside several U.S. venues, as expected, Charli xcx has announced dates for a brief U.S. headlining arena tour that will follow her top billing at the 2025 Coachella festival, which also was announced earlier this week. Full dates appear below.

	The tour follows both her June club tour across Europe and North and South America, following the release of her multi-Grammy-nominated album “Brat,” as well as her six-week North American tour this fall with Troye Sivan.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					How the ‘Sinners’ Financing Model Offers Salvation for All Producers 		
			














	
		
					'The Equalizer' Canceled After Five Seasons at CBS		
			








Charli xcx has been named Variety‘s Hitmaker of the Year for 2024, with a celebration taking place on Dec. 7 in Los Angeles. 




			Popular on Variety		






	Presale will begin on Tuesday, November 26 at 10AM local time and the general onsale starts on Tuesday, November 26 at 2PM local time at CharliXCX.com and Ticketmaster.com. A limited number of VIP packages will also be available and fans can visit vipnation.com for more information.   

	The tour also follows the recent release of the “Brat” remix album, “Brat and it’s completely different but also still brat,” which dramatically overhauls all of the album’s songs either sonically or lyrically (or both). Billie Eilish, Ariana Grande, Caroline Polachek, Bon Iver, the 1975 and others appear on that album.   

VIP+ Analysis: Taylor Swift Leads New ‘Era’ for Stadium Tours — Less Rock, More Pop

	Charli has also been working on multiple film and TV projects following the success of her Barbie soundtrack contribution “Speed Drive” last year. She is co-executive producing the score for the A24 film ‘Mother Mary’ with Jack Antonoff and also producing original music for Benito Skinner’s series ‘Overcompensating’ on Prime Video. In addition, Charli will star in the Daniel Goldhaber remake of 1978 cult horror film ‘Faces of Death’ and Greg Araki’s erotic thriller ‘I Want Your Sex’. 

	CHARLI XCX – BRAT 2025 – ARENA TOUR:  

	April 22 – Austin, TX – Moody Center 

	April 26 – Minneapolis, MN – Target Center 

	April 28 – Rosemont, IL – Allstate Arena 

	April 30 – Brooklyn, NY – Barclays Center 

	May 01 – Brooklyn, NY – Barclays Center 
The Business of Entertainment