The once and forever pop star says rumors of a new album are "trash" but she's enjoying life as a "ghostwriter." 
Lester Fabian Brathwaite is a staff writer at Entertainment Weekly, where he covers breaking news, all things Real Housewives, and a rich cornucopia of popular culture. Formerly a senior editor at Out magazine, his work has appeared on NewNowNext, Queerty, Rolling Stone, and The New Yorker. He was also the first author signed to Phoebe Robinson's Tiny Reparations imprint. He met Oprah once.
 Fans of sterling '00s pop may have gotten their hopes up when rumors of a new Britney Spears album hit the interwebs, but the reclusive chanteuse says she has no intention to give us, give us more.

 In an Instagram post, Spears denied that she was working on new material, instead declaring that she will "never return" to the music industry. Though she has been keeping busy as a ghostwriter for other artists.

 "Just so we’re clear most of the news is trash!!!" Spears wrote, referring to reports that she was working with Charli XCX and others on a new album. "They keep saying I’m turning to random people to do a new album...I will never return to the music industry!!!"

 Spears continued, "When I write, I write for fun or I write for other people!!! For those of you who have read my book, there’s loads that you don’t know about me…I’ve written over 20 songs for other people the past two years!!! I’m a ghostwriter and I honestly enjoy it that way!!!"

 The "Gimme More" singer released her highly anticipated memoir, The Woman In Me, last year, immediately becoming a bestseller. The book describes Spears' ascent to the top of the music industry and her subsequent disillusionment with fame as well as the harrowing journey to end her father's conservatorship over her.

 Having fought so hard to tell her story in her own words, the 42-year-old icon hit back at allegations that The Woman In Me was published without her consent, writing, "That’s far from the truth…have you read the news these days??? I’m so LOVED and blessed!!!"

 While we'd all love some new Britney music, she had one of the all-time great runs in all of pop music and she's earned her retirement. Her last, and perhaps final, album was 2016's Glory, which she described as one of her favorite albums in her memoir.

 Though how intriguing that La Spears has been secretly writing for other artists these past two years. Who's willing to lay down money that she secretly penned Troye Sivan's "Rush?" Just because it feels right.

 Related content:

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)