By
Peter Burditt
Sabrina Carpenter, Chappell Roan, Billie Eilish, Charli XCX, and Beyoncé are all the major female players up for the Grammys in 2025. However, one major female musician to be left off that list is the Gen Z sensation, Dua Lipa. Lipa’s 2024 is mainly marked by her album Radical Optimism, and if she were to have received a Grammy nomination this is what it would have been for. Nevertheless, she wasn’t and she recently got fairly candid about the snub. 
Released in May of 2024, Radical Optimism is Dua Lipa’s third studio LP. Following its release it peaked at No. 1 in the UK and at No. 2 on the Billboard 200. That being so, the general public seeming figured it was a shoo-in for this year’s Grammy nominations. However, and evidently, it wasn’t and Dua Lipa recently spoke with Billboard UK about the matter. 
Despite not being nominated for a Grammy at the 67 Annual Grammy Awards, Lipa is keeping her head high. To her, the album has achieved far more important things other than a Grammy nomination. She told Billboard UK, “I’m so proud of ‘Radical Optimism’ and where it’s brought me” and “I love that album and I’m having the time of my life performing it live, and I’ve been able to do things that I thought I could only dream of this year, so I’m really grateful.” 
Though like all artists, validation never hurts. Hence, Dua Lipa was a tad bit upset about the snub, but it certainly was not anything over the moon. “Although it would have been nice to be recognized by your industry, especially as a woman” and “I’m so proud seeing so many incredible female artists nominated at the Grammys this year,” Dua Lipa added. 
Awards or not, Dua Lipa’s album and the singles on it have made her career all the better. Particularly, Dua Lipa’s new album is the highest-charting album of her career. It surpassed her previous LP, Future Nostalgia, which was released in 2020. Grammy nomination or not, Lipa remains one of the best performers of 2024. 
Photo by XNY/Star Max/GC Images
Only members can comment. Become a member. Already a member? Log in.
Why Eric Church Thinks Morgan Wallen’s Chair-Throwing Arrest Was “Actually A Good Thing”
The Forgotten Genius of Judee Sill: Folk Music’s Sacred Rebel
Why Tony Iommi Changed His Mind About the Black Sabbath Reunion

			© 2025 American Songwriter			American Songwriter: a Savage Ventures Brand