By ASHLEIGH GRAY FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  07:19, 8 August 2024   |  Updated:  18:16, 8 August 2024   
 4
View  comments
Addison Rae was active across her social media channels on Wednesday, August 7 as she teased her upcoming single Diet Pepsi, due out on Friday.
The 23-year-old TikTok sensation — who attended Charli XCX's birthday party last weekend — shared a slew of black and white imagery as she prepared for the release.
On X, she shared a 14-second teaser that showed her brushing her long locks in the backseat of a car.
She wrote, 'Gettin' all doll'd up because my new song 'Diet Pepsi' comes out everywhere this Friday!! Music video out Thursday 9pm PT/Midnight ET.'
The same content was uploaded on her Instagram, where she entertains nearly 35 million followers.
Addison Rae was active across her social media channels on Wednesday, August 7 as she teased her upcoming single Diet Pepsi, due out on Friday
The 23-year-old TikTok sensation shared a slew of black and white imagery as she prepared for the release
Earlier this week she shared a photo of what may be the single's cover art.
The artsy snapshot showed Rae's pert derriere in a pair of skintight jeans with the name 'diet Pepsi' on the pocket in capital red letters.
It was printed in the beverage brand's famous font.
She appeared to be topless in the black and white, high-exposure picture as her long hair fell down her bare back. 
Engaging her fans, Addison wrote in the caption, 'Diet Pepsi. Friday, August 9th. Pre-Save link in bio.'
Charli XCX was among the group of commenters, writing, 'i am beyond ready!!!!!!'
Prior to that, the influencer shared another short snippet — again in black and white — that showed her giggling in the backseat of a vehicle after using her finger to write the name of her new song on a window covered in condensation.
'Help me,' she captioned it, prompting the official Pepsi Instagram account to comment: 'you wrote?'
Earlier this week she shared a photo of what may be the single's cover art
'Help me ❤️,' Addison captioned another recent social media post, prompting the official Pepsi Instagram account to comment: 'you wrote?'
It seems the singer has been planning the rollout of the song for months; back in April, she shared a racy topless image lying on a lounge chair with two cans of Pepsi held strategically on her breasts
It seems the singer has been planning the rollout of the song for months.
Back in April, she shared a racy topless image lying on a lounge chair with two cans of Pepsi held strategically on her breasts.
Referencing Lana Del Rey's 2012 song Cola — in which she provocatively sings, 'My p***y tastes like Pepsi cola' — Addison captioned the picture, 'I love Lana.'
The post has so far collected over one million likes. 
The star first entered the music space with the release of her song Obsessed, which came out on March 18, 2021.
Her debut album, simply titled AR, was released on August 18, 2023. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group