I blogged Charli XCX’s Columbus SWEAT tourdate @ www.anonrocknroll.com
I didn’t quite know wtf Charli XCX’s audience until the British woman’s Nationwide Show was announced… I couldn’t tell if she was Taylor Swift/Madonna or a really popular blog club performer..

https://anonrocknroll.com/2024/09/24/charlie-xcx-columbus-ohio-concert-r...
During the months leading up into show…
I saw BRAT.
Women everywhere were walking around without bras like second wavve feminists.
Charli XCX proclaimed KAMALA IS BRAT.
With Beyonce, and Taylor Swift added momentum ….
If people want a difference between Hillary, Joe Biden and Kamala..
Hillary didn’t fills Arenas..
Biden’s campaign was during Covid.
Kamala’s movement is tangible with enthusiasm.
We saw this in the debates, and packed Arena’s everywhere.
While BRATS aren’t the only movement supporting KAMALA….Brat is everywhere….
I discussed braless women walking with enthusiasm because of Kamala, and Charli.
Nationwide’s Shygirl/Charlie XCX’s show is reviewed @ www.anonrocknroll.com….
During BSA Hip Hop, Thurzs at 7pm,  I mentioned women sagging pants, and yelling “I WANNA CUM” in a packed bus.
Charli’s Columbus culture wasn’t just women showing boobs and butts while demanding orgasms.
I walked around the city.
BRAT was everywhere.
People were wearing shirts like OSU Buckeyes were the OSU BRATS.
I stopped in Kafe Kerouac. BRATS packed the tables with discussions of the concert they loved.
BRATS were community radio listeners.
I told them SWEAT Tour invited me because of...
anonrocknroll
BSA Hip Hop
sexy curfew
While I know where influential people find me…
I wanted a BRAT aware Charli included their reality…
I said "if this adds into Charli's Aura...
I attended because of radio shows."
I intended that as compliment of Charli XCX personal touch.
I walked over towards CLUB 20. Club 20 is a gaybar.
Brat packed CLUB 20.
I know because everyone was wearing BRAT merch.
I sat and listened while women, and queers declared a deep personal relationship with Charli XCX.
I haven’t seen a musical movement which included so many women , and gay people in years…
9-20-2024 Charlie XCX owned Columbus, Ohio.
https://anonrocknroll.com/2024/09/24/charlie-xcx-columbus-ohio-concert-r...