Burns also told us about being nominated for the 2024 Mercury Prize, what to expect from her upcoming tour, and highs and lows of her own 'Brat' summer
Cat Burns has spoken to NME about her Mercury Prize 2024 nomination – as well as sharing her advice on how to survive your early 20s.
Burns was appearing on the red carpet of the launch of the Mercury Prize yesterday (Thursday July 25), where it was announced that she’d been shortlisted for acclaimed 2024 album ‘Early Twenties‘ – facing off competition from records by the likes of Charli XCX, CMAT, The Last Dinner Party, Ghetts, English Teacher, Corinne Bailey Rae, Beth Gibbons, Barry Can’t Swim and more.
Asked what it was about her album that had captured people’s imaginations, she replied: “I don’t know, to be honest! I think it’s a great album and there are a wide range of song topics. People can reminisce. It’s got a nostalgic feel to it. I think it’s alright – it’s a good album!”
Speaking of what it was about that period of her life that inspired her to write, Burns said: “There are just so many firsts: first love, first heartbreak, I had so many diagnoses. I’m excited to go through the next part of my life and have not so many firsts! I can just exist a little bit. 
A post shared by NME (@nmemagazine)
And what would her own advice be for surviving one’s early 20s?
“When you tell your parents something that you’re going through and they say, ‘Oh it’s fine, just get over it, it’s not that deep’ – instead of seeing that as a bad thing, see that as a comforting thing,” she shared. You’ll realise that you will get through and get over everything that happens to you. 
“I used to find it really annoying when my mum would be like, ‘It’s not that deep’ – but now I understand it’s really not that deep. Listen to your parents!” 
Burns will also be hitting the road for a European and UK tour this October.
“The live shows are going to be super fun,” she said, looking ahead to the dates. “With the way I perform, I’m so much more confident now. I vibe with the crowd more. They’re going to be really fun shows, and my goal is to try and make it feel as intimate as I can whilst being on larger stages.” 
Cat Burns at the launch of the 2024 Mercury Prize (Photo by Ian West/PA Images via Getty Images)
Meanwhile, other than herself, who would her money be on to take home the Mercury Prize?
“Charli XCX; that album [‘Brat‘] is incredible,” she replied. “I’m having a ‘Brat’ summer! The brattiest thing I’ve done? Just too many nights out and getting home too late!”
The winner of the Mercury Prize 2024 will be announced in September. Cat Burns’ UK and European tour kicks off in October. Visit here for tickets and more information.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.