Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
The viral phenomenon has taken over social media ever since the British singer dropped her latest album, 'Brat,' in June.

							By 

	Carly Thomas

Associate Editor

Bill Maher has realized he’s behind on current internet slang, namely “Brat Summer,” after being on a month-long hiatus from Real Time.

	While chatting with CNN anchor Kaitlan Collins on Friday’s episode, the host attempted to understand the viral phenomenon — which started after Charli XCX dropped her latest studio album titled Brat in June — that’s taken over social media in recent months.



	“What do you think about this? Somehow, Kamala got to be ‘brat,’” Maher asked Collins, to which she joked, “Are you jealous?”

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	News
			



	
		
					The Stars of 'White Lotus,' 'Yellowjackets' and 'Star Trek: Discovery' Just Barnstormed Congress in the Name of Arts Funding		
			














	
	News
			



	
		
					PBS President Says Trump's Executive Order to End Funding Is "Blatantly Unlawful"		
			








	After Maher clarified that he’s “not” jealous, he proceeded to ask his guest if she thought it was a “smart move” for Kamala Harris‘ campaign to embrace the label — one that he’s clearly confused by — which has inspired TikTok dances, memes and fashion trends.

	“I think at a time when everyone wants young voters, who historically don’t turn out in large numbers, they’re leaning into it,” Collins responded. “I don’t think everyone on the Harris campaign, certainly not in the White House, fully understood ‘brat’ either. It’s not really Washington’s strong suit — I lived there for close to a decade. But I think they leaned into it in the sense of, how does it appeal to young voters? And if older voters don’t get it, it’s not a big deal.”

	The CNN journalist went on to note that it’s not just the Harris campaign that trying to “reach out to young people,” but also Donald Trump.

	“He does a lot of podcasts, people that maybe most people haven’t heard of, but his campaign, I’ve talked to them, they’re trying to reach that same subset of voters, obviously different leanings. But I think that’s how they’re trying to go out and meet young people where they are, whether it’s a meme or a podcast.”

	As a way to better comprehend the “brat” phenomenon, Maher also read Charli XCX’s definition: “You’re just like that girl who is a little messy and likes to party and maybe says some dumb things sometimes. Who feels like herself but maybe also has a breakdown. But kind of like parties through it, is very honest, very blunt. A little bit volatile. Like, does dumb things.”

	However, the word’s official meaning only led the comedian to realize, “I don’t want my president to be this.”

	










	Maher also feels like Trump is more “brat,” based on its definition. “It sounds like Trump,” he said. “I think he’s very brat.”

	Since Charli XCX released her newest album on June 7, the “brat” lifestyle has been embraced by Gen Z and millennials alike, as well as the Kamala HQ social media accounts, which even changed its banner image on X (formerly Twitter) to match the Brat album aesthetic of lime green and its signature Arial font.

	Maher’s other guests featured on the latest episode of Real Time were James Carville and Dan Crenshaw.
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Inside the business of TV with breaking news, expert analysis and showrunner interviews
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.