They each looked hauntingly beautiful  
Full of vampiric glamour, the Nosferatu press tour is for the fashion freaks. 
Last night, Lily-Rose Depp and Emma Corrin brought modern interpretations of 1830s Transylvania to the Los Angeles premiere of the horror movie, a remake of the 1922 film by the same name.  
Corrin, styled by Harry Lambert, wore a custom off-the-shoulder Miu Miu dress. The actor and former Harper’s Bazaar cover star is known for their bold style, and didn’t disappoint in their black, body-skimming number. The sheer ensemble was embellished with black sequins at the neckline, and underneath, showed off a black bodysuit with numerous cutouts. And for an added dose of drama, Corrin accessorized with a netted veil that was wrapped around their head and neck like a balaclava. A diamond Cartier ring, worn over their sheer opera gloves, rounded out the look. 
Depp, for her part, channeled her inner leading lady in a vintage look from Chanel’s fall 1995 couture collection. She slipped into the gray evening dress with delicate silver embellishments along the neckline and empire waist, wearing a matching cape for an additional flourish. The sheer overcoat, complete with silver embroidery, tied at the neck. A pair of glittering diamond teardrop earrings rounded out her look. 
For the post-premiere after-party, Depp shed the top layer, wearing just the gray dress underneath. Corrin, meanwhile, changed into a mid-length dress from Macy Lily Grimshaw, flaunting the red ombré design with trompe l’œil polka-dots and graphic tears. Together, the duo looked hauntingly stylish. 
Prince Harry Says He May Not Return to the U.K. 
George Clooney Played Softball In Central Park
Hunter Schafer Gives the Tracksuit a Playful Twist
Blake Lively Wears a “Wedding Gown” on Late Night 
Bella Hadid Glows in a Bubblegum-Pink Set
J.Lo’s Dress Shimmers Like a Starry Night Sky
Hailey Bieber’s Party Dress Is Made of Watches
Princess Charlotte's Birthday Portrait, by Kate
Kendall Jenner’s Halter Plunges to New Depths
Florence Pugh Steps Out in Five Different Looks
Kate and William Show Rare PDA in New Photos
Dua Lipa Looks Cool In Leather Pants
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.