The pop star praised Charli despite feud rumors between the two. 
Taylor Swift is clearing up any rumors that there might be bad blood between her and Charli XCX. 
The “Fortnight” artist opened up to New York Magazine in a new cover story about Charli, telling the publication that she admired the English pop star’s work. “I’ve been blown away by Charli’s melodic sensibilities since I first heard ‘Stay Away’ in 2011. Her writing is surreal and inventive, always,” said Swift. She then added that Charli “just takes a song to places you wouldn’t expect it to go, and she’s been doing it consistently for over a decade. I love to see hard work like that pay off.” 
After being released in June, Charli’s Brat album quickly took over the zeitgeist, with everyone from Gwyneth Paltrow to even Kamala Harris admitting they were having a “brat summer.” Her track “Sympathy Is a Knife,” however, was speculated to be about Swift with references to seeing someone “backstage at my boyfriend’s show,” and it’s worth noting Charli’s boyfriend (now fiancé) drums for the 1975—the same band as Swift’s ex Matty Healy. 
The song focuses on Charli’s inner insecurity with lyrics like, “Don’t wanna see her backstage at my boyfriend’s show / Fingers crossed behind my back / I hope they break up quick,” but some translated the lyrics as a critique of Swift. 
“People are going to think what they want to think,” Charli said in her New York Mag profile. “That song is about me and my feelings and my anxiety and the way my brain creates narratives and stories in my head when I feel insecure and how I don’t want to be in those situations physically when I feel self-doubt,” she added.
And when asked if she had ever considered leaving out the line about being backstage together—since it makes the situation “obvious,” remarked the publication—Charli simply answered with “no,” and did not elaborate further.
Charli previously opened for Swift’s Reputation Stadium Tour in 2018, and later told Pitchfork she felt the experience was like “getting up onstage and waving to 5-year-olds.” She clarified in a separate note that she was “extremely grateful” to Taylor, and with her most recent New York Magazine cover, she seems to have the same appreciation for the artist. Maybe we’ll see Charli and Taylor work it out on the remix?
Blue Ivy Carter Glitters in Gold on Beyoncé’s Tour
Hailey Bieber Steps Out in Archival Gucci
All the Best Photos From Kylie and Timothée’s Date
Shailene and Lucas’s Relationship History
All We Know About Selena and Benny’s Wedding Plans
Selena on Getting Rash After First Kiss With Benny
Michelle Obama on Raising Kids in the White House
A Source Debunks Taylor and Travis Rumors
Why Meghan Has Secret Emails for Archie and Lili
All About Blue Ivy Carter 
Watch Rumi Carter Make Her Stage Debut
Ariana Grande and Ethan Slater’s Complete Timeline
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.