These two fire signs are H-O-T-T-O-G-O.
When Chappell Roan sang, “It’s like a hundred ninety-nine degrees when you’re doing it with me, doing it with me," she could have been talking about the relationship between Leo and Sagittarius. These two fire signs are red hot on their own, but they burn even brighter when they’re together. I’m talking about sexual chemistry, swoonworthy romance, and epic adventures. Let’s get into detail:
Dates: July 23 to August 22
Element: Fire
Modality: Fixed
Ruler: The Sun
Tarot card: Strength
Represented by: The lion
Famous Leos: Kylie Jenner, Jennifer Lopez, Ben Affleck, Meghan Markle, Daniel Radcliffe, Sandra Bullock, Viola Davis, Chris Hemsworth, Jason Momoa, Jennifer Lawrence, Andrew Garfield, Elisabeth Moss, Sandra Bullock, Maya Rudolph, Cara Delevingne, Charli xcx
Dates: November 22 to December 21
Element: Fire
Modality: Mutable
Ruler: Jupiter
Represented by: The archer
Famous Sagittariuses: Taylor Swift, Britney Spears, Zoë Kravitz, Hailey Bieber, Nicki Minaj, Billie Eilish, Miley Cyrus, Jake Gyllenhaal, Brad Pitt, Scarlett Johnasson, Jay Z, Amanda Seyfried, Tyra Banks, Madelyn Cline, Tiffany Haddish, Janelle Monáe
As two fire signs, Leo and Sagittarius have a lot in common. They’re both adventurous, outspoken, and optimistic. Sagittarius is ruled by Jupiter, the biggest planet in the solar system, and Leo is ruled by the Sun, which is bigger than all the planets combined. So it makes sense that Leo and Sagittarius are both “big thinkers,” prone to creative ideas, seeing the complete picture, and looking on the bright side.
The main difference between Leo and Sagittarius can be seen in their modality, which describes where in a season the sign falls. Leo is a fixed sign, meaning they fall in the middle of a season—summer, in this case—and tend to be stubborn, loyal, and comfy with things the way they are. On the other hand, Sagittarius is a mutable sign, falling at the end of a season—fall. This means that they’re comfortable with uncertainty and chaos, and adapt easily to changing circumstances.
These two make *excellent* friends. They’re both comfy at a party or all-inclusive resort. Sagittarius can help bring out Leo’s adventurous side, while Leo can show Sag that stability doesn’t have to be boring. The only problem here is that both signs are so outgoing that they could find themselves battling for attention! Hopefully they can surround themselves with enough meek water and earth signs that they’re fine sharing the spotlight.
Yeah, these two have HOT sex. Leo is super-creative, while Sagittarius is incredibly adventurous, which means both signs want to try out every kink and sex position they can think of at least once. Sag has a thing for outdoor sex and the mile-high club, while Leo has an exhibitionist streak and loves to be complimented. 
These signs’ similarities mean that they have a lot going for them in a relationship. However, one challenge that could come up is around stability vs. spontaneity. Sagittarius is famous noncommittal, preferring to make decisions impulsively and only getting into a relationship when they’re 100% sure about the person they’re with. Leo, on the other hand, values stability and security more than the other two fire signs. To make a relationship work, they’ll have to find a balance between Leo’s need for stability and Sagttarius’s noncommittal nature.
People like to say “good luck getting a Sag to commit,” but there is one case when a Sagittarius will say “I do”: When they’re 100% sure about their partner. This doesn’t happen often, but when it does, Sag will happily walk down the aisle and throw a huge party to celebrate (bonus points if it’s a destination wedding).  
Still together:
Broken up: 
How Will Pluto Retrograde Impact Your Star Sign?
Your May Horoscope Has Officially Arrived!
Your Zodiac Sign Says A Lot About Your Bed Routine
All About the 12th House in Astrology
Taurus Celebrities Are the Best Celebrities 
Your Zodiac Sign Says You Need These Shoes 
Your Weekly Tarotscope for April 27
Your Horoscope for the Week of April 27
Your Horoscope for the New Moon in Taurus
All About Your “Big Three”
Your Zodiac Sign Says You Need These Sunglasses
Your Weekly Tarotscope for April 20-26
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.