Cult 80s band The Art of Noise have announced a one-off headline gig at KOKO to celebrate 40 years since releasing their debut album.


  Tickets go on at 10am sale today (August 2) at ticketmaster.co.uk and seetickets.com for the Camden Town gig on March 21st 2025.


  JJ Jeczalik, Paul Morley and Gary Langan, co-founded the avant-garde synthpop collective in 1983, with Belsize Park musician and producer Trevor Horn and Anne Dudley. They tore up the rule book of pop and made use of early sampling technology to reboot electronic music.


The collective were originally formed in 1982 by a music journalist and various musicians alongside producer Trevor Horn (Image: The Art of Noise)


  They were signed to ZTT Records a label founded by Horn, businesswoman Jill Sinclair and NME journalist Paul Morley, which also released music by Frankie Goes to Hollywood, and Seal.


  Throughout the 80s they had multiple UK top 10 hit singles such as Close (to the Edit), Peter Gunn featuring Duane Eddy, Kiss featuring Tom Jones and Paranoimia featuring Max Headroom.


  They also reached Art no.1 in the US dance chart with their hit single Beat Box.


The Art of Noise play KOKO in March 2025 (Image: The Art of Noise)


  Over the years their collaborations have ranged from Paul McCartney on Spies Like Us, to The Prodigy with Instruments of Darkness, and more recently, both Dua Lipa and Charli XCX have sampled their classic Moments in Love.


  The gig, which marks the 40th anniversary of Who's Afraid of The Art of Noise? will present a new version of their audio-visual extravaganza - with special guests yet to be announced.


  JJ Jeczalik said: “We’ve taken this new live audio visual show around the world and played to more than 50,000 people over the last year. But we’re incredibly excited to bring it home to the city where the Art of Noise was born, just a stone’s throw away from KOKO at Island Records and ZTT’s Sarm Studios in Basing Street.


  "One of the highlights will be a special version of ‘Moments in Love’ as the concert will take place almost 40 years to the day since it was first released."


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.