By CONNIE RUSK FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  21:36, 2 March 2024   |  Updated:  01:19, 3 March 2024   
 172
View  comments
Dua Lipa, Ellie Goulding and Kylie Minogue pulled out all the stops as they led the performances for the 2024 BRIT Awards at the 02 Arena on Saturday night. 
Double nominee Dua, 28, opened the ceremony with her new song Training Season from her upcoming her third studio album. 
The songstress looked incredible in an all leather look while Ellie, 37, stormed the stage just a week after announcing the end of her marriage. 
Dua flashed her abs in a black bra which she teamed with hotpants, a biker jacket and heeled boots. 
Flanked by a group of backing dancers, Dua appeared in her element as she worked the crowd for hosts Maya Jama, Roman Kemp and Clara Amfo.  
Dua Lipa (left) Ellie Goulding(centre) and Kylie Minogue (right) pulled out all the stops as they led the performances for the 2024 BRIT Awards at the 02 Arena on Saturday night
Double nominee Dua, 28, opened the ceremony with her new song Training Season from her upcoming her third studio album
At one point she was lifted off her feet as her clan of dancers worked the floor below her. 
Both Dua and Ellie had changed out of their black carpet looks. Dua wowed in black busty leather Versace dress while Ellie opted for a satin one shouldered gown. 
And it was a poignant moment for Ellie as she hit the stage after a turbulent few weeks. 
The singer announced last week her four-year marriage to Caspar Jopling, 31, had ended after she was pictured cosying up to hunky surf instructor Arrmando Perez. 
But music was solely the focus for Ellie on Saturday night as she took to the stage with Calvin Harris to perform their hit Miracle. 
The songstress stunned in a white ruffled bodysuit and thigh-high leggings which showed off her gym-honed physique.  
The pair previously collaborated on the dance-pop anthems 'I Need Your Love' in 2012 and 'Outside' in 2014. 
Raye broke records at Saturday night's BRIT Awards, winning six gongs during a star-studded ceremony at London's O2 arena.
SONG OF THE YEAR - RAYE ft 070 Shake - Escapism
ARTIST OF THE YEAR - RAYE 
ALBUM OF THE YEAR - RAYE, My 21st Century Blues 
GROUP OF THE YEAR - Jungle 
GLOBAL ICON - Kylie Minogue 
DANCE ACT - Calvin Harris 
ALTERNATIVE ROCK - Bring Me The Horizon 
HIP HOP/GRIME/RAP ACT - Casisdead
 INTERNATIONAL GROUP OF THE YEAR - Boygenius
INTERNATIONAL SONG OF THE YEAR - Miley Cyrus - Flowers 
INTERNATIONAL ARTIST - SZA 
POP ACT - Dua Lipa 
BEST NEW ARTIST - RAYE 
BRIT RISING STAR - The Last Dinner Party 
R&B ACT - RAYE 
It was a poignant moment for Ellie as she also hit the stage after a turbulent few weeks
The singer announced last week her four-year marriage to Caspar Jopling, 31, had ended after she was pictured cosying up to hunky surf instructor Arrmando Perez
Ellie and Caspar married at York Minster in August 2019 but last week the singer confirmed her marriage is over after months of speculation 
Dua flashed her abs in a black bra which she teamed with hotpants, a biker jacket and heeled boots
At one point she was lifted off her feet as her clan of dancers worked the floor below her
Dua captivated the audience with the ceremony's opening number
Flanked by a group of backing dancers, Dua appeared in her element as she worked the crowd for hosts Maya Jama, Roman Kemp and Clara Amfo
The songstress looked incredible in an all leather look as she worked the stage 
Dua was lifted up in the air by two backing dancers at one point during the adventurous opening act 
Dua performed a raunchy dance routine for her new track off her upcoming third album. The songstress first premiered the song  at the 66th Grammy Awards 
She gave the crowd a wave after finishing her song 
Kylie Minogue, 55, took to the stage after being presented with the Global Icon gong by Dua Lipa
The Australian superstar closed the show with an energetic medley of her most famous hits with viewers rightly branding her a 'legend' after she last performed at the ceremony in 2008
She looked sensational as she flaunted her age-defying figure in a skimpy white bodysuit which boasted sheer panels
Kylie arrived on stage in an oversized red coat before removing it to show off her sexy ensemble which she wore with knee-high black boots
She sang tracks from her back catalogue as the famous faces in the audience could be seen singing and dancing along
Kylie  took to the stage after being presented with the Global Icon gong by Dua. 
The Australian superstar, 55, closed the show with an energetic medley of her most famous hits with viewers rightly branding her a 'legend' after she last performed at the ceremony in 2008.
She looked sensational as she flaunted her age-defying figure in a skimpy white bodysuit which boasted sheer panels.
Kylie arrived on stage in an oversized red coat before removing it to show off her sexy ensemble which she wore with knee-high black boots. 
She sang tracks from her back catalogue as the famous faces in the audience could be seen singing and dancing along. 
Ellie showed off her toned figure in the strapless bodysuit which had ruffles on the neckline 
The songstress was joined by a whole group of backing dancers to bring extra drama to the performance 
Ellie put her all in the dance routine
The singer seemed to be embracing her newly-single status as she had a smile on her face 
The evening's big winner Raye also performed 
The singer/songwriter, 26, scooped the first gong presented on the night, Song of the Year for her hit Escapism ft 070 Shake, shortly before also taking home the R&B Act gong and Best New Artist
Tate McRae also hit the stage during the BRIT Awards ceremony 
The singer, 20, put on a busty display in a glittery bra which she teamed with blue trousers and trainers 
She put on an energetic performance alongside a whole host of backing dancers 
Dua sent pulses racing in a black busty leather dress for her appearance on the black carpet 
Ellie meanwhile was the epitome of chic as she stepped out in a rose gold wrap dress
The singer/songwriter, 26, scooped the first gong presented on the night, Song of the Year for her hit Escapism ft 070 Shake, shortly before also taking home the R&B Act gong and Best New Artist.
She was in floods of tears as she later accepted Album Of The Year, Artist Of The Year and Songwriter of the Year, bringing her beloved grandmother on stage at one point.
The star now holds the record for the most BRITs won at a single ceremony, a record which previously stood at four, jointly held by Blur (1995), Adele (2016) and Harry Styles (2023). 
She had been nominated seven times – the most ever for a single artist in a year – but couldn’t possibly have won more than she did as she was shortlisted twice for song of the year – for Escapism, which won the title, and for Prada. 
As well as Raye’s huge successes, Dua Lipa won best pop act while Kylie Minogue – who had a massive comeback hit last year with Padam Padam – picked up the global icon award. The night was dominated by female winners, who won gongs in all but four categories.
Dua Lipa picked up the fan-voted Pop Act gong, gushing to her fans: 'I guess for more reasons than one my fans are the reasons why I'm standing here today, so I wanna say a massive thank you to each and every single one of you who have voted for me.' 
A record 98 artists were up for the new 2024 BRIT award, which has been designed 
SONG OF THE YEAR 
Calvin Harris - Miracle
Casso x RAYE - Prada
Central Cee - Let Go
Dave - Sprinter
Dua Lipa - Dance the Night
Ed Sheeran - Eyes Closed
J Hus - Who Told You
Kenya Grace - Strangers
Lewis Capaldi - Wish You The Best
Pink Pantheress - Boy's a Liar
RAYE - Escapism - WINNER
Rudimental - Dancing is Healing
Stormzy - Firebae
Switch Disco - React
Venebee - Messy in Heaven
BEST NEW ARTIST 
Mahalia
Olivia Dean
Pinkpantheress
RAYE - WINNER
Yuseff Dayes
ARTIST OF THE YEAR  
Arlo Parks
Central Cee
Dave
Dua Lipa
Fred Again... 
J Hus
Jessie Ware
Little Simz
Olivia Dean
RAYE  - WINNER
GROUP OF THE YEAR  
Blur
Chase & Status
Headie One and K-Trap
Jungle - WINNER
Young Fathers
INTERNATIONAL GROUP OF THE YEAR  
Blink 182
Boygenius - WINNER
Foo fighters
Gabriels
Paramore
DANCE ACT  
Barry Can't Swim
Becky Hill
Calvin Harris - WINNER
Fred Again... 
Romy R&B ACT 
Cleo Sol
Jorja smith
Mahalia
RAYE - WINNER
Sault
ALTERNATIVE ROCK  
Blur
Bring Me The Horizon - WINNER
The Rolling Stones
Young Fathers
Yusseff Dayes
HIP HOP/GRIME/RAP ACT
Casisdead - WINNER
Central Cee
Dave
J Hus
Little Simz
POP ACT  
Calvin Harris 
Charli XCX
Dua Lipa - WINNER
Olivia Dean
RAYE
INTERNATIONAL ARTIST  
Asake
Burna Boy
Caroline Polachek
CMAT
Kylie Minogue
Lana del Rey
Miley Cyrus
Olivia Rodrigo
SZA - WINNER
Taylor Swift
INTERNATIONAL SONG OF THE YEAR  
Billie Eilish - What Was I Made For
David Kushner - Daylight
Doja Cat - Paint The Town Red
Jazzy - Giving Me
Libianca - People 
Meghan Trainer - Made You Look
Miley Cyrus - Flowers  - WINNER
Noah Kahan - Stick Season
Oliver Tree - Miss you
Olivia Rodrigo - Vampire
Peggy Gou – It Goes Like
Rema - Calm Down 
SZA - Kill Bill
Tate McRae - Greedy -
Tyla - Water
ALBUM OF THE YEAR  
Blur - the Ballad of Darren
J Hus - Beautiful
Little Simz - No Thank You
RAYE - My 21st Century Blues - WINNER
Young Fathers - Heavy Heavy
BRIT RISING STAR  
Caity Baser 
Sekou Island 
The Last Dinner Party - WINNER 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group