The Black Phone 2 is expanding its cast. The Creep movies are getting a TV spinoff. Plus, start prepping for spooky season with new trailers for Presence, Your Monster, Timestalker, and more. Spoilers get!
A rumor from MyTimetoShine and an entry on Production Weekly alleges that Marvel is working on a standalone Scarlet Witch project, with Wandavision and Agatha All Along‘s Jac Schaeffer and Megan McDonnell attached to the script.
A SCARLET WITCH film is in development at Marvel Studios. 
WANDAVISION & AGATHA ALL ALONG writers Jac Schaeffer and Megan McDonnell are attached to the script.
(via https://t.co/RQdtVUnSGb) pic.twitter.com/dfQcbzJ9UX
— MyTimeToShineHello (@MyTimeToShineH) September 12, 2024
Deadline reports Demián Bichir has joined the cast of The Black Phone 2 in a currently undisclosed role.
Deadline further reports that Emma Corrin, Maika Monroe, and Charli XCX have joined the cast of Julia Jackman’s adaptation of the Isabel Greenberg fantasy graphic novel.
Deadline also has word Rosario Dawson has joined the cast of the upcoming horror anthology Deepest, Darkest. 
A second teaser trailer has been released for Stephen Soderbergh’s haunted house movie, Presence. 
A woman falls in love with the monster in her closet in the trailer for Your Monster, starring Melissa Barrera.
Throughout the ages, a woman falls for the wrong man, dies horribly, and is reincarnated 100 years later to repeat the process again in the trailer for Timestalker.
A woman awakes in an unfamiliar apartment complex, finds herself stalked by a shadowy figure, and encounters seven tales of terror in the trailer for Tenants, anther upcoming horror anthology movie.
According to Bloody-Disgusting, a six-episode TV series based on the Creep movies will premiere this November 15 on Shudder and AMC+.
Finally, the Psi Cops investigate a haunted house in the trailer for next week’s new episode.
Want more io9 news? Check out when to expect the latest Marvel, Star Wars, and Star Trek releases, what’s next for the DC Universe on film and TV, and everything you need to know about the future of Doctor Who.

MarvelMorning SpoilersThe Black Phone 2 

          Get the best tech, science, and culture news in your inbox daily.
        

          News from the future, delivered to your present.
        

      Please select your desired newsletters and submit your email to upgrade your inbox.
    

          If you're gonna have a red shirt, Thunderbolts, you could at least try to make it more of a surprise.
        

          Plus, get a look at Syfy's adaptation of Tim Seeley and Mike Norton's comic series Revival.
        

          Plus, Jurassic World Rebirth gets rated for its dino action.
        

          Plus, Wednesday is planning an Edward Scissorhands reunion in season two.
        

          Plus, meet Murderbot in Apple TV+'s new series about a socially awkward killing machine. Aren't they all!
        

          Before you see the Fantastic Four in theaters, Marvel wants you to read about how they became the heroes of their world.
        
We may earn a commission when you buy through links on our sites.
©2025 GIZMODO USA LLC. All rights reserved.
Mode

                Follow us
              
Mode

                Follow us