From vintage Levi’s to platform mules
Every product on this page was chosen by a Harper's BAZAAR editor. We may earn commission on some of the items you choose to buy.
Danielle Guizio designs for the girls. Her namesake brand, Guizio, has been spotted on Bella Hadid, Charli XCX, Sabrina Carpenter, Hailey Bieber—the list goes on. Stylish multi-hyphenates who prefer to start the trends, not follow them.
Laid-back minimalism is at the foundation of Guizio, but the brand isn’t afraid to show some flair, from paneled poplin button-downs and satin corsets to iridescent sequined miniskirts and slick capris. It’s this balance of clean lines and sexy detailing that has captured the attention of celebrities and alike. The brand also has an uncanny ability for knowing when to choose its collaborators, partnering with cultural icons like Levi’s and most recently Puma—the talk of the town thanks to the revival of its OG Speedcat model. (Guizio and Puma just released a limited-edition colorway, which was previously available in-store only, but is now online.)
Right now Guizio is riding high on the opening of the brand’s first brick-and-mortar location in the heart of New York City. “Our brand-new store in SoHo has really become a huge source of inspiration for me,” Guizio tells Bazaar. “It’s my first, so it has been so special seeing everything come together. I feel beyond lucky and privileged to do what I love every day.”
Below, Guizio shares 13 things she’s currently loving, from a fall-ready leather bomber jacket to the resurfacing toner she credits with changing her skin. 
I love wearing fun crazy knits for fall and pairing them with a good tailored trouser pant.
Our new Guizio Costa leather jacket is the perfect fall staple—the fit is immaculate, and the quality is beautiful. We worked really hard on it.
I wish I was kidding when I say I wear my vintage Levi’s quite literally four times a week.
I love my Amina Muaddi platform Dalida heels. They’re tall but comfortable, and easy to walk in.
 We just launched a shoe with Puma, our Guizio × Puma Greene St Speedcat. I cannot stop wearing them. They go with everything. 
My classic Prada nylon tote is one of my go-to bags for work. It’s super spacious—I’m that friend that you can rely on to simply have anything imaginable in my bag at any given moment. Hairbrush, blush, makeup compact, concealer, toothbrush, toothpaste? I got it. When I’m going from my office to dinners and drinks, it’s just an easy grab-and-go situation.
For dinner, my little Miu Miu bag or my Balenciaga Mini City bag. I dress them up with all the keychains, and it makes me happy. Both bags fit so much and are a great transitional piece for daytime or drinks.
Our Guizio × Quay Lucky You optical glasses in black and my custom Hydro Flask are two accessories I can’t live without.
Biologique Recherche Le Grand Serum makes your skin so supple and dewy. It’s a beautiful product as skincare, but also works under your makeup as a face base. 
Biologique Recherche Gel ADN Silkgen is a light gel moisturizer that also works under makeup, giving me that glass skin look.
Valmont’s Prime Renewing Pack is also known as the “Cinderella” mask, because it’s known to give you the perfect rejuvenating boost of energizing, glowy, and plump skin in just 20 minutes.
I just purchased one of those robot vacuums and it’s life-changing. It’s called the Roborock and it self-vacuums and mops, all in one, and you can control it with an app. I don’t know why I didn’t get one sooner.
Biologique Recherche P50 toner is the best and I’ll forever repurchase it. I’m a firm believer that this product has single-handedly changed my skin. I’m constantly recommending it to friends and followers.
13 Things Petra Collins Would Buy Again
13 Things Jen Brill Would Buy Again
13 Things Veronica De Piante Would Buy Again
13 Things Georgiana Huddart Would Buy Again
13 Things Beverly Nguyen Would Buy Again
 13 Things Liza Berglund Laserow Would Buy Again
13 Things Patricia Bonaldi Would Buy Again
13 Things DJ Amrit Tietz Would Buy Again
13 Things Aimee Song Would Buy Again
13 Things Jeanne Damas Would Buy Again
13 Things Jill Kortleve Would Buy Again
13 Things Elsa Hosk Would Buy Again
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.