©2024 MERCURY RADIO ARTS.ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY
The media is in full-gaslight mode now that Vice President Kamala Harris is the presumed Democratic presidential nominee. But Glenn warns: don’t fall for their lies! Glenn goes back into the archives to remind America of who Kamala Harris really is: a radical leftist, and likely one of the most progressive politicians in Washington, DC. She has supported “reimagining” ICE and banning fracking. She insisted that “undocumented immigrants” aren’t breaking the law. She spread the lie that Florida is banning books and has a “don’t say gay” policy. Harris isn’t just some “DEI hire.” She is a radical leftist that the Party snuck in under Biden.
Below is a rush transcript that may contain errors
GLENN: I want to show you, in her own words, why I think Kamala Harris is a -- is an absolute extremist, and extraordinarily dangerous.And people are not going to be talking about these things on the left, and the media won't show it to you.So I ask you to grab today's podcast, and earmark it. So if you ever need to share this with your friends, you know where this is. Here is a flashback with Kamala Harris, where she's speaking at the Islamic center of Southern California. Listen to this.KAMALA: Have the courage, to object, when they use that term "radical Islamic terrorism."(applauding)The greatest victims of terror!(applauding)Have we not? Also, have the courage to reject that term illegal alien.(applauding)GLENN: Okay. So she's telling this group of Muslims in this mosque, that they have to stand and up end the use of the words radical Islamic terrorism. Well, okay.So then what -- what kind of terrorism is it, then?If we don't have radical Islamic terrorism.If it's just terrorism, how do you fight that?Because is that the -- the same terrorism that you've classified as moms speaking out at school board meetings?Because you've said that is terrorism.Do we fight that terrorism, the same way we fight what you don't want to address as radical Islamic terrorism. She also says, you know, there's no such thing as an illegal alien.Okay. Well, then, how do we -- then who are they?Are they just soon to be citizens?Are they refugees? Are they just poor, tired refugees, that are living off the American taxpayer, by staying in four and five-star hotels. And being fed free food, until they get back on their feet? Which, by the way, if that's what America decided to do, all right. That's what you decided to do.But that's not. That's not. Most Americans are not for that. But the state has just decided, they're going to do it. So we all just go along, I guess.But is -- is that -- is that how you just identify them now?How do you know? Words have real meaning and real power. They're important. It's why we don't say, police are looking for a man.What? Well, what did he do? Police are looking for a man. Who shot President Trump.Okay. All right. That doesn't help me much. Can you tell me about the man?No. I can't. Why not?It would be politically incorrect. Well, then, what are we looking for?We're looking for a white man in his 20s. He's about five-eight. He's skinny.And he was last seen here. Words have power, and are important. You cannot continue to cancel word.Now, here she is again, in another speech, on documented workers, not criminals.Here you go.KAMALA: An undocumented immigrant is not a criminal. And we have to correct course in this conversation.(applauding)GLENN: Because Barack knows we have to change our conversation. (foreign language).(laughter)GLENN: Yes, we can. With that really uncomfortable laugh. Now, another flashback. How does she feel about ICE? Here's what she said in a 2018 interview with MSNBC.VOICE: A lot of the signs at the rally that you just held were people standing there saying, abolish ICE.KAMALA: Yeah.VOICE: Is that a position that you agree with?KAMALA: Listen, I think there's no question that we've got to critically reexamine ICE and its role and the way that it's being administered and the work that it's doing. And we need to probably think about doing it from scratch.GLENN: So we'll reimagine ICE. We'll get back to reimagining the police here in a second.She also wants to ban fracking. Now, this is something that they're going to deny that she ever said or was ever for. Or she changed her mind.But I would like to know how you can be this committed on fracking. And then what changed your mind? Because this is a big one that goes with the Green New Deal, which she was the first sponsor on. She led the way for the Green New Deal.So where does she stand on fracking? Cut four.KAMALA: There's no question, I'm in favor of banning fracking. Yeah. And starting -- and starting with what we can do on day one on public lands. Right?And then there has to be legislation. But, yes, and this is something I've taken on in California. I have a history of working on this issue. And to your point, you know, we have to just acknowledge that the residual impact. The fracking is enormous in terms of the impact and health and safety of the communities.GLENN: Okay.Now, she's also been one that pushes the book ban in Florida. In saying that Ron DeSantis was, don't say gay. Which was a lie.Here she is on that.KAMALA: When I look at the fact in our country, we're looking at somewhere around 600 bills, where controls are being passed. Anti-LGBTQIA. Book bans. And a policy and approach that is Don't Say Gay. People in fear of their life. People afraid to be. To be.These are fundamental --GLENN: So if you get your news from the left, and you're hearing her say that. And you don't hear the correction, I can understand why you might be afraid.But when somebody is using lies to create fear, in you. That's a problem.Especially when they are known to be lies. Here's another one.She supports cutting police budgets.VOICE: For overhauling, where do you stand on defund the police?PAT: Right. So here's the thing. Defund the police, the -- the issue behind it, is that we need to reimagine, how we are creating safety.And when you have many cities that have one-third of their entire city budget, focused on policing. We know that is not the smart way and the best way or the right way to achieve safety.For too long, the status quo thinking has been, you get more safety by putting more cops on the street.Well, that's wrong. Because, by the way --GLENN: Okay. Stop.She has proven that what they said is wrong. And that also goes into, when have we heard that?Reimagining the police. It came from her. She was one of the big proponents of reimagining the police. Do you like the effects of reimagining the police?She also went on to say, we will skip this one. But cut the police budget. She was supportive of that.Remember, the media would later tell you, that it was the Republicans that were for the police cuts.And then she went on to say that it's outdated to believe that more police, equals safety.Now, when you are -- when you are causing people to have fear. Ask you're saying, look, I've got the plan.People start to depend on you. Instead of their own thinking. And their own mind.And everything else.And they begin to look at Uncle Sam as a good uncle. No. That uncle should be in prison.That uncle was abusive to you. Okay?But listen to how she's treated here on the Drew Barrymore program, with Drew Barrymore.Listen to this. VOICE: I keep thinking in my head, that we all need a mom. I've been thinking that we really all need a tremendous hug, in the world right now.KAMALA: Yeah.VOICE: But in our country, we need you to be Mamala of the country.GLENN: Oh, isn't that great?I don't want another mother. I had another mother. I don't need another mother.That's not what the presidency does. That's not what the vice presidency does. They are not your parent.And if they are a good parent, they treat you like a 19-year-old. You're out of the house, no longer in my care.Stand on your 2 feet. But that's not what the left wants.There is so much to go over, with her. It's almost overwhelming.And we will continue this.But we want you to make and save bookmarks, so you know where you can get this information.Because a lot of this information is going to be lost.We'll post this information, at GlennBeck.com.And we'll post all of the to hers, the true stories that are now being deleted.And know that, they are going to discredit our voices, more and more.They have to. They're all in lockstep again.They weren't, just a couple of weeks ago.They all -- well, I guess they were. They were all in lockstep of telling the truth about Joe Biden. And now they're right back to their lies. So we will make sure that you have access to the truth, so you can show your friends. And not access to stories, just, you know, from us, or whatever. But from the New York Times. And the Washington Post. Because they all said these things.Whatever hasn't been erased, we will find and make sure that you have access to it.Because she's a very -- she will be the most liberal person to ever be president of the United States or even a candidate.She is a socialist. She is at least stated, much further than Barack Obama.Much further. At least stated. She's coming in, as this radical.And the press will obscure that. And make anybody who says, any differently. Into conspiracy theorists.But we're not.Know that you've been lied to over and over and over and over again from these same people.And share the truth.
During his “First 100 Days” interview, President Trump gives Glenn Beck an update on his efforts to end the war between Russia and Ukraine. Trump reveals who’s really been blocking the ceasefire deal in Ukraine, what he believes really sparked this war, and why he’s so set on ending the war. “We have a lot of great things on the horizon,” Trump says, as he gets closer to a rare earth mineral deal. So, will Putin and Zelenskyy make peace? 
Watch the FULL interview HERE
The Democrats are in a panic! New “leaders” have emerged, like Rep. Jasmine Crockett, after some of their old guard, like Senator Chuck Schumer, were “excommunicated” for trying to work with President Trump. But Trump tells Glenn in his “First 100 Days” interview exactly what he thinks of Crockett: “Have you ever seen her talk?! … It’s demeaning to our country!” Watch the FULL interview HERE
Is Mexico a “failed narco state” controlled by cartels? Glenn speaks with Brandon Darby, co-founder of Breitbart’s Border and Cartel Chronicles, who works with sources in Mexico to expose the truth on the ground. He tells Glenn just how bad the situation is, how entrenched the cartels are (they control over HALF of Mexico’s territory), and whether Trump has a chance of eliminating them. But instead of sending in special forces, Darby has another idea that could keep Mexico from looking like “a smaller version of Ukraine and Russia.” 
Watch this FULL podcast HERE
There is a judicial coup happening against President Trump, Glenn argues. Glenn exposes the activist Obama and Biden-era judges who are conducting a full-scale, coordinated assault against the mandate that the American people gave Trump. There’s Judge James Boasberg, who tried to stop Trump from deporting illegal immigrant criminals. Then, there’s Judge Ana Reyes, who halted Trump’s trans ban in the military (and who also has a long history of donating to Democrats). Also fighting Trump are judges Theodore Chang and Amir Ali, who are trying to reverse Trump’s dismantling of USAID. This isn’t normal “checks and balances.” This is left-wing judges using lawfare to play president and fight the dismantling of the deep state. 
Watch this FULL episode of Glenn TV HERE.