By
Em Casalena
Charli XCX has teased a few different tour dates and DJ sets in the last few months which have left fans a bit disappointed. It looks like it was all leading up to something great: a co-headlining tour of the US and Canada with fellow pop artist Troye Sivan! 
The duo will hit dates across the East Coast and West Coast, plus a couple of concerts in Quebec and Ontario. The Sweat Tour will not feature any opening acts (as of yet), but this powerhouse duo hardly needs an opener.
The Charli XCX and Troye Sivan 2024 Tour will kick off on September 14 in Detroit, Michigan at Little Caesars Arena. The tour will close (unless more dates are added) on October 23 in Seattle, Washington at Climate Pledge Arena.
A post shared by Charli (@charli_xcx)
The artist presale for this tour will begin on Thursday, April 25 at 10:00 am local through the tour website. There are also going to be quite a few different presale events for the tour on Ticketmaster, including VIP packages and preferred seating.
General on-sale starts Friday, April 26. Tickets are going to sell out fast for this one. If your preferred date is sold out by the time you’re ready to buy your tickets, take a look at Stubhub to see if there are any tickets floating around there. It’s worth a shot to find last-minute seats!
This is going to be an incredible pairing and a spectacular tour, so don’t miss out! Get your tickets ASAP.
September 14 – Detroit, MI – Little Caesars Arena
September 16 – Laval, QC – Place Bell 
September 18 – Toronto, ON – Scotiabank Arena 
September 20 – Columbus, OH – Nationwide Arena 
September 23 – New York, NY – Madison Square Garden 
September 25 – Philadelphia, PA – Wells Fargo Center 
September 26 – Baltimore, MD – CFG Bank Arena 
September 28 – Boston, MA – TD Garden 
September 30 – Chicago, IL – United Center 
October 2 – Nashville, TN – Bridgestone Arena 
October 3 – Atlanta, GA – State Farm Arena 
October 5 – Miami, FL – Kaseya Center 
October 6 – Orlando, FL – Kia Center 
October 9 – Dallas, TX – American Airlines Center 
October 11 – Denver, CO – Ball Arena 
October 13 – Phoenix, AZ – Footprint Center 
October 15 – Los Angeles, CA – Kia Forum 
October 18 – San Diego, CA – Viejas Arena 
October 20 – San Francisco, CA – Chase Center 
October 22 – Portland, OR – Moda Center 
October 23 – Seattle, WA – Climate Pledge Arena 
Photo by Joe Maher
When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission.
Only members can comment. Become a member. Already a member? Log in.
Why Eric Church Thinks Morgan Wallen’s Chair-Throwing Arrest Was “Actually A Good Thing”
The Forgotten Genius of Judee Sill: Folk Music’s Sacred Rebel
Why Tony Iommi Changed His Mind About the Black Sabbath Reunion

			© 2025 American Songwriter			American Songwriter: a Savage Ventures Brand