Home    Forums    Music    Grammy for Record of the Year (67th Grammys edition)
This is a really interesting category. You have two longtime darlings, Billie Eilish and Kendrick Lamar, nominated with the biggest hits of their careers, “Birds of a Feather” and “Not Like Us” respectively. Sabrina Carpenter exploded with “Espresso,” which is a massive, inescapable, year-defining record (not to mention the biggest hit of 2024). These three songs alone make for a highly competitive race.
But the wild card of the year is the Beatles. “Now and Then” may not have made a lasting impression on the charts, but the biggest and most influential band in the history of music may prove difficult for older and/or rock-minded voters to resist. The song’s use of AI machine learning makes it even harder to guess how they will respond. AI in the arts is a touchy subject for creatives, and the Recording Academy recently had to establish rules regarding its use in eligible material. Will voters see this as an innovative, creative use of the technology, or will they see a Grammy win for a song like this as setting a dangerous precedent?
There are a wealth of big pop songs here. In addition to the aforementioned “Birds of a Feather” and “Espresso,” hits by Beyoncé, Chappell Roan, Taylor Swift, and Charli XCX are also on the ballot. While the Eilish and Carpenter songs likely have the inside track among these, there’s also a good chance these songs could steal votes from one another. Couple that with the possibly controversial Beatles nomination, and I am leaning towards “Not Like Us” for the same reasons I cited here.
My prediction – “Not Like Us.”
Mustard getting into Producer of the Year from basically just “Not Like Us” is craziness, and he made it in over Jack Antonoff!
I wonder if the Recording Academy is really drinking that NLU juice.
I could see The Beatles winning. 
“Fortnight” and “360” are the only songs that I think don’t have a chance of winning, everything else feasibly has a chance
Kendrick should definitely win this. 
Realized Billie might not have her usual rock support with The Beatles being nominated. And both Beatles and Charli XCX could take from her some alt support too… Pop support won’t be enough for Billie and she’ll split with Sabrina and Chappell. If Jazz + Classical go with The Beatles, they will win.
 Mustard getting into Producer of the Year from basically just “Not Like Us” is craziness, and he made it in over Jack Antonoff! I wonder if the Recording Academy is really drinking that NLU juice. 
Not sure about Mustard’s nomination meaning something in the GF. There’s usually one rap producer nominated in POTY every year. I think it just proves the strength of Not Like Us within the Rap field.
Similarly, Ian Fitchuk’s nomination proves Deeper Well is strong in Country categories.
 Not sure about Mustard’s nomination meaning something in the GF. There’s usually one rap producer nominated in POTY every year. I think it just proves the strength of Not Like Us within the Rap field. Similarly, Ian Fitchuk’s nomination proves Deeper Well is strong in Country categories. 
They could’ve chose Sounwave, Metro or Hit-Boy but Mustard was chosen. I think that’s a sign of increase.
I'm making love to the angels of death,
Catchin' feelings, never stumble, retracin' my steps.
Last year D’Mile II was nominated only for On My Mama and it didn’t win so… Nothing against Kendrick’s victory but where his votes would come from? Black community will split with Beyoncé and she’ll get country and americana votes and only that put her above him. Pop voters have enough options to choose from. Also them would go with Texas Hold ‘Em before Not Like Us probably. Classical voters have The Beatles. 
 Similarly, Ian Fitchuk’s nomination proves Deeper Well is strong in Country categories. 
Kacey’s producer is up for POTY, and the album got nominated in engineering, plus she was nominated in every possible country category, with an extra nod in Americana as a bonus. Really good for her.
 They could’ve chose Sounwave, Metro or Hit-Boy but Mustard was chosen. I think that’s a sign of increase. 
Metro was confirmed not submitted there and Sounwave being chosen still would’ve supported Kendrick
Kacey’s producer is up for POTY, and the album got nominated in engineering, plus she was nominated in every possible country category, with an extra nod in Americana as a bonus. Really good for her.
She was probably Top 10 in AOTY
The Beatles wins in the GF:
1965: BNA
1967:SOTY
1968: AOTY
2025: ROTY ?
 Metro was confirmed not submitted there and Sounwave being chosen still would’ve supported Kendrick 
Sounwave also worked on Cowboy Carter and Kali Uchis’ album Orquideas. He had more resume than Mustard, that’s why i wondered if they rock with NLU that much.
I'm making love to the angels of death,
Catchin' feelings, never stumble, retracin' my steps.
Get real!  Ian Fitchuk’s Producer of the Year, Non-Classical nomination does NOT prove Deeper Well is strong in Country categories.  Pure delusion.  People read way too much into that category and Best Engineered Album, Non-Classical.
I don’t see The Beatles winning. It feels like a legacy act recognition nomination, similar to ABBA a couple years ago.
I’m currently predicting Billie as she always overperforms in the General Field, but I’d love to see Kendrick or Beyoncé take it.
You must be logged in to reply to this topic.
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…

				45 mins ago			

				4 mins ago			

				1 hour ago			

				25 mins ago			

				40 mins ago			

				30 mins ago			

				1 hour ago			

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media