All products featured on Vogue are independently selected by our editors. However, we may receive compensation from retailers and/or from purchases of products through these links.
All products featured on Vogue are independently selected by our editors. However, we may earn affiliate revenue on this article and commission when you buy something.
People often think of Labor Day weekend as the unofficial sendoff to summer (a notion that Charli xcx recently confirmed when she took to X to announce the end of brat summer). And so, as the days wind down to autumnal equinox, and we welcome the return of fall fashion, it begs the question—what footwear should you sport when hitting the pavement?
From loafers to box-fresh sneakers to sandals that aren’t ready to be retired yet, Vogue editors are embracing the return of balmier temps with their favorite transitional shoe styles. Below, the pairs they plan to baby step into fall with.
“I love a grown up Birkenstock for September in New York City when it’s still balmy out but you want to lean into the fall mood in the air. I love these espresso leather ones with the hammered gold buckle, perfect for a playground run or the office!” —Chloe Malle, Editor, Vogue.com
Birkenstock
Arizona Big Buckle
NORDSTROM
Anine Bing
Waylon Slides
SHOPBOP
LUISAVIAROMA
Prada
Leather Strap Slides
PRADA
“When the day comes for me to finally have to retire my A.Emery flip-flops, I’ll be switching into a pair of chocolate brown boat shoes from Bally. The style doesn’t feel too trendy nor too classic, which is something I’m always looking for in an investment buy. I went for the dark brown, it felt a little more exciting than black! —Talia Abbas, senior shopping editor
Bally
Pathy leather loafers
NET-A-PORTER
Bally
Pathy leather loafers
NET-A-PORTER
Jeffrey Campbell
Yachting Day boat shoes
FREE PEOPLE
“I have been a devoted flip flop wearer all summer long and have been wondering what my fall equivalent will be. They’re just so easy and really look good with everything, especially a wide-leg trouser. To be honest I might milk it until it’s absolutely too cold to wear them. To be determined! I do have a a velvet pair that feels more appropriate for fall.” —Madeline Fass, senior shopping market editor
Toteme
Velvet flip-flop sandals
FARFETCH
Toteme
leather flip flops
NET-A-PORTER
BERGDORF GOODMAN
FWRD
MYTHERESA
NORDSTROM
Dries Van Noten
Padded Velvet Thong Platform Sandals
BERGDORF GOODMAN
“Recently I was home at my parent’s for the weekend and commuting directly to the office from their place. There I was, walking down the stairs, in my Schutz boots styled with a pair of jorts and oversized button-down, to which my mother exclaimed with earnest concern ‘You’re wearing boots? But it’s still technically summer!’ Ironically, I received countless compliments on that day, and most specifically on my boots. So yes, bring on the boots even before their prime!” —Conçetta Ciarlo, associate manager
Schutz
Maryana Lo Crocodile-Embossed Leather Boot
SAKS FIFTH AVENUE
Madewell
Dimes kitten-heel knee boots
MADEWELL
Staud
Cami boots
STAUD
“I’m back on my Keds beat! They work for everything and people stop me all the time being like, ‘Keds! Nice!’ I’m walking to the Vogue offices skipping in the streets, wearing them all day, even customizing them (my favorite) for different looks.” —Arden Fanning, beauty editor at large
Keds
Triple Kick Leather Bottom Foxing Stripe Lace Up
KEDS
Keds
PRO-Keds Royal Plus Suede Lace Up
KEDS
Staud
x Keds Champion canvas sneakers
STAUD
Keds
Skyler Platform Sneaker
NORDSTROM
“I think zipper details are such a great design element, and knew that I needed these slingbacks as soon as I saw them. They’ll be great with an A-Line midi skirt and a crisp white button-up. The second is a velvet platform in the perfect shade of brown. I’m very much aligned, and will be wearing these to the office, out to dinner, and everywhere else.” —Leah Faye Cooper, digital style director
Alexandre Birman
Zoe Slingback 85 Pump
ALEXANDRE BIRMAN
Loeffler Randall
Rivka Sienna Knot Platform Sandal
LOEFFLER RANDALL
Alexandre Birman
Zoe Leather Zipper Slingback Pumps
NEIMAN MARCUS
Margaux
The Platform Sandal in Midnight Suede
MARGAUX
“Possible hot take but I think the perfect transitional shoe is a leather flip flop. They look great with jeans or a maxi/midi skirt, with a jumper thrown around the shoulders for a chillier evening. It makes me feel like I’m at the beach for just a little longer—and still looks chic!” —Madeleine Schulz, Vogue Business reporter
A. Emery
Morgan Satin Flip Flops
NET-A-PORTER
Ayede
Renee Leather Flip Flops
NET-A-PORTER
A.Emery
Morgan flip-flops
NET-A-PORTER
FWRD
MODA OPERANDI
“The perfect fall transition shoe has to have one of three things: an earthy, fallen-leaf color, textured notes (think bouclé, leather, suede), and the ability to weather temperatures between 50 and 72 degrees. This Dico Julia boot from Danish brand Anonymous has all three. The light brown color is a great pitstop before the moodier, winter colors and the lack of hardware keeps the boot feeling sturdy, yet light. Though this shoe is to my taste, any moto boot will carry you perfectly through the upcoming fall.” —Maya Layne, entertainment associate
Anonymous
Dico Julia
ANONYMOUS
Acne Studios
leather buckle boots
ACNE STUDIOS
Proenza Schouler
Bronco suede knee boots
NET-A-PORTER
“September and October are my favorite months of the year in New York City, and there’s no better shoe for those not-too-hot yet not-too-cold days than a Mary Jane! I recently snagged these Le Monde Beryl Mary Jane flats during an end-of-summer sale, knowing that I’ll be able to wear them well into the fall in New York City!” —Alexandra Ditch, commerce producer
Le Monde Beryl
Classic Velvet Mary Jane flats
LUISAVIAROMA
Le Monde Béryl
suede Mary Jane ballerina flats
BERGDORF GOODMAN
Vibi Venezia
velvet Mary Jane slippers
NET-A-PORTER
“Transitional footwear is the unsung hero of seasonal style shifts, effortlessly bridging the gap between summer sandals and winter boots. My go-tos are my Tony Bianco lug-sole loafer, or Ganni’s pointed-toe buckle flats. They perfectly pair with layered looks, as the weather turns crisp!” —Rose Carlisle, special events assistant
Ganni
Black Feminine Buckle Ballerinas
SHOPBOP
Tony Bianco
Wiz Black Venice Casual Shoes
TONY BIANCO
Loeffler Randall
studded leather ballet flats
NET-A-PORTER
Vagabond
Cosmo 2.0 Loafer
NORDSTROM
VAGABOND
Shop Spring’s Standout Pieces—All for Under $300
The Best New Arrivals to Shop Now
The Dress Shop Is Here—100+ Best Styles of the Season
Vogue Essentials: Shop Wardrobe Staples That Will Never Go Out of Style
What's Everyone Buying These Days? Shop 60+ It Items That Are Defining Fashion Right Now
80+ Pieces of Transitional Clothing to Tackle the In-Between Season in Style
Sign up for Vogue’s shopping newsletter to receive the insider’s guide to what to shop and how to wear it
More from Vogue
See More Stories
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Vogue may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
CN Fashion & Beauty