Brat summer may be over, but there’s still time to save on one of Charli XCX’s staples.
Laneige’s cult-favorite Lip Sleeping Mask ($24 $17) is currently 30% off amid the bevy of beauty deals at Amazon’s Prime Big Deal Days, a Prime Day-like sale running through October 9.
The trendsetting pop star’s among the brand’s biggest fans; she once told British Vogue she’s “turned Ubers around” after forgetting hers at home, quipping, “If I had enough money, I would turn the plane around too.”
She’s not alone in her love for the pout product; Sydney Sweeney’s a Laneige brand ambassador, while Kate Hudson told British Vogue that it’s “the best product right now.”
Kendall Jenner also name-dropped Laneige in an interview with the UK outlet, while Delilah Belle Hamlin and Julianne Hough both raved about the lip mask in chats with Page Six Style.
And since Page Six Style Editor Elana Fishman put it to the test earlier this year, it’s become her “long-lasting daytime balm of choice,” too.
“The Laneige Lip Sleeping Mask lives up to the hype,” she said. “This stuff really packs a punch in the hydration department and the scents are delightful.”
Don’t miss the Page Six Style guide to the best beauty deals from October Prime Day.
During Prime Big Deal Days, you can save on five different flavors, including Berry, Vanilla, Gummy Bear and Sweet Candy.
Plus, the brand’s Lip Glowy Balm ($19 $13) — the daytime answer to Laneige’s hero product — is also deeply discounted.
Just be sure to shop fast, as deals this good won’t last long. (And don’t forget take advantage of the other top beauty deals on offer, too.)
Shop more of our favorite Amazon Prime Big Deal Days sales
Big Spring Sale is a seasonal Amazon sale event targeted at popular products for spring shoppers. Similar to Amazon Prime Day, it discounts a wide range of products.
This sale is a marathon, not a sprint. The sale starts at 12 a.m. PT on Tuesday, March 25, through 11:59 p.m. PT on Monday, March 31. Shoppers have a full week to score big discounts.
The Big Spring Sale ends March 31 at 11:59 p.m. Pacific time, so east-coasters have until 2:59 a.m. on April 1 to shop the deals.
Anyone can shop Big Spring Sale discounts, but Prime members can expect exclusive deals and early access on certain promotions. Interested in finally trying Prime? You can get a 30-day free trial to enjoy Spring Sale savings (plus all the benefits of the subscription) with no strings attached.
For those already wondering about the next sale, Prime Day takes place in July each year and although Amazon hasn’t confirmed the dates for Prime Day 2025, it’s safe to assume it will take place in mid-July. Page Six Style will have all the latest news here.
From deal-hunting on Amazon sales for years, we know the sale is the perfect time to save on brand names like Levi’s and Ray-Bans, restock your favorite beauty items and comb through all of Amazon’s best-sellers for steep discounts.
This article was written by Hannah Southwick, Commerce Writer/Reporter for Page Six Style. Hannah spies deals on actually affordable celebrity-worn styles, puts Hollywood’s favorite labels to the test and finds the beauty products that keep stars red carpet-ready. She consults stylists and industry pros — including celebs themselves — for firsthand product recommendations, trend predictions and more. In addition to writing for Page Six since 2020, her work has been featured in USA Today and Parade.