By 

	Emily Zemler


Marcello Hernández made a cameo during Sabrina Carpenter‘s Los Angeles concert last night. The Saturday Night Live cast member and comedian got the microphone during the segment of Carpenter’s Short n’ Sweet where she arrests an audience member for being too hot. 

	During the bit, Hernández played his character Domingo, who told Carpenter in a distinctive accent that he was from “Miami, baby.” “Miami?” she replied. “I wish you were from my bedroom. What are you doing here tonight?”

	“I’m the cute boy with blue jacket and the thick accent,” Hernández said as Domingo. “I’m getting so flustered and overwhelmed,” Carpenter responded. “Is there anything you want to say before I arrest you Domingo?” The comedian then performed a few lines of his viral riff on Carpenter’s “Espresso.”
Marcello Hernández makes a surprise appearance at Sabrina Carpenter’s L.A. N2 show. #ShortnSweet #SNL 

	The Oct. 12 episode of Saturday Night Live, hosted by Ariana Grande, marked Hernández’s debut as Domingo. He played the character during a bridesmaids-themed sketch alongside Grande, Heidi Gardner, Ego Nwodim, and Sarah Sherman. Carpenter gave the parody of hit song a stamp of approval, joking on her Instagram Story, “Very nice and on pitch.” Grande replied, “tysm we tried.”

	










	Domingo made a triumphant return in Saturday night’s episode, hosted by Charli XCX. This time the show parodied Chappell Roan’s “Hot to Go!” in the context of a baby shower, with Gardner, Nwodim, and Sherman reprising their roles from the original sketch. 





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	









	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	








	Carpenter previously arrested Stranger Things actress Millie Bobby Brown during a Short n’ Sweet concert in Atlanta. “Millie, I’ve never fallen in love at a concert before, but stranger things have happened,” Carpenter said during the recurring segment. “It’s so unfortunate we have to arrest you because you’re so beautiful. That sucks.” She handed Brown a pair of furry handcuffs after Brown insisted, “Please arrest me.”

	Although Los Angeles marks the end of Carpenter’s U.S. tour dates, she will head to the U.K. and Europe next spring, with shows set for London, Paris, and more. 
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.