Getty Images (2)
Brat girl summer is far from over! Charli XCX is releasing a remix to “Guess” featuring Billie Eilish — and fans think that the collab may serve as a Taylor Swift diss track.
Keep reading for everything we know.
Charli will be releasing “Guess” featuring Billie on Thursday, August 1, at 6 p.m. EST.
The Brat songstress first teased the collab with a photo that nearly broke the internet on Wednesday, July 31. The photo resembled the cover of a new remix to Charli’s “Guess,” and featured two figures with their heads cropped out, one of which appeared to be Charli, while the identity of the other person was anonymous at the time.
Fans immediately believed the second person was Billie, given that the unidentified person’s style closely matches hers. On top of that, the rings worn by the second person in the photo resembles the exact same ones Billie wore to her recent appearance on Chicken Shop Date, which one X user pointed out.
The original version of “Guess” was co-written with Dylan Brady of 100 Gecs, along with Harrison Patrick Smith (a.k.a. The Dare). The song appears on the deluxe edition of Charli’s 2024 album Brat, which is called Brat And It’s The Same But There’s Three More Songs So It’s Not.
Rumors suggest that the new song might diss Taylor Swift, who reportedly blocked Billie and Charli XCX from the number one spot on the charts by releasing extra album versions.
Alleged lyrics from a track featuring Billie and Charli—“Blocked from number one, you can guess how that feels / but she’s the one obsessing if we’re keeping it real”—have surfaced online and are seen as a dig at Taylor.
Billie’s past comments about Taylor’s album variants and Charli’s lyric “don’t want to see you backstage at my boyfriend’s show” (given Charli’s engagement to George Daniels of The 1975 and Taylor’s brief romance with Matty Healy) add fuel to the rumors.
We’ll soon find out if the Guess remix actually includes Billie and if it’s aimed at Taylor.
A RELIABLE source hints at Billie Eilish’s verse on the ‘Guess’ remix by Charli XCX. Allegedly she is shading Taylor Swift for blocking both herself and Charli from the top spot on the charts! pic.twitter.com/6DnD2m0ZMX
— Pop Flop (@ThePopFlop) July 31, 2024
Lime green is trending, thanks to Charli XCX’s new album, Brat. Since its June 7 release, the “brat” aesthetic — marked by its signature Arial font — has taken over, from slime green merch to Kamala Harris‘ 2024 presidential campaign.
The album, featuring themes of partying, Von Dutch, and womanhood, has sparked TikTok dances, memes, and fashion trends, leading fans to dub it “brat summer.”
Charli further explained the meaning of “brat” in a TikTok video from early July.
“You’re just like that girl who is a little messy and likes to party and maybe says some dumb things sometimes. Who feels herself but maybe also has a breakdown. But kind of like, parties through it, is very honest, very blunt. A little bit volatile. Like, does dumb things. But it’s brat. You’re brat. That’s brat,” she said in the video.
Love J-14? Be sure to subscribe to our YouTube channel for fun, exclusive videos with your favorite stars.
J-14 has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
J-14 is part of the a360media Entertainment Group.Copyright © a360media 2025. All Rights Reserved