Vice President Kamala Harris is going viral on TikTok with Chappell Roan's song. In this photo, Harris is sworn in as the 49th vice president by Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor on Jan. 20, 2021 in Washington. (Saul Loeb/Pool Photo via AP)AP
Vice President Kamala Harris thinks she’s the femininomenon our country needs.
For those who might be scratching their head about what a femininomenon is, look no further than up-and-coming superstar Chappell Roan. Nicknamed “your favorite artist’s favorite artist,” this 26-year-old Missourian has dominated the music industry and TikTok this summer.
Her song “Femininomenon” (a feminine phenomenon) has been trending all over social media, and Harris’ campaign was quick to jump onto the bandwagon.
In a scroll-through TikTok video, Kamala HQ — the “official rapid response page” campaign account for the vice president’s candidacy — shows former President Donald Trump in a golf cart with the text, “but what we really need is a…,” printed over it.
The video then transitions to a photo of Harris with “femininomenon” written on it.
Trump is then shown again with a confused look on his face, reading “a what???,” before the video concludes with a photo of Harris from the 2020 inauguration stating, “A FEMININOMENON!!!”
The video went viral, boasting 4.8 million likes and nearly 30,000 comments at the time of writing.
While Chappell Roan hasn’t come out and endorsed the vice president, other celebrities have given her the nod, like George Clooney, Charli XCX, Cardi B, Barbra Streisand, Viola Davis, “Bridgerton” and “Grey’s Anatomy” producer and writer Shonda Rhimes, and many, many, more, according to Rolling Stone.
Harris officially filed to run for president on Sunday after Biden announced on X that he would step back from the 2024 presidential race. Though she is not the official nominee of the Democratic Party, she is the only Democrat as of now looking for the honor.
She is presently searching for a vice president to add to her ticket, with popular names being Arizona Sen. Mark Kelly, Kentucky Gov. Andy Beshear, Illinois Gov. J.B. Pritzker, and Pennsylvania Gov. Josh Shapiro.
Since Harris has entered the presidential race, she has raised over a staggering $100 million, according to CBS News.That figure is made up of “more than 1.1 million unique donors, including 62% first-time donors, according to the campaign,” CBS News reported.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices