"Balls aren't that bad..."
Two decades after the release of Catwoman, Halle Berry has shared her response to critics who “panned” the film.
On a recent episode of The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon to promote her new Netflix film The Union co-starring Mark Wahlberg, Berry was asked about the 20th anniversary of DC’s Catwoman.
When asked if she remembered anything about the film (which received disastrous reviews upon its release), from its filming process to its reception, the actress replied: “I loved it. It got panned – the critics said it sucked balls… and balls aren’t that bad.”
She continued after a quick pause to have a laugh: “What I’m happy about is that the children have found it now on the internet, and they love it. So, it’s so vindicating.”
She added, referencing Charli XCX’s ‘Brat’ summer meme: “Because now they’re saying it’s cool and what the heck was everybody’s problem with it, so like, I’m like, ‘I’m so brat now’”.
When asked if she would ever reprise the role of Catwoman, Halle Berry said: “Maybe, if I could direct it.”
In other superhero-related news, Berry was recently asked why her portrayal of Storm in the X-Men franchise did not make a cameo in Deadpool & Wolverine. She revealed: “Blake [Lively] asked me one time, I ran into her at a Marc Jacobs fashion show, and she said, ‘Would you ever be in my husband [Ryan Reynolds’] movie as Storm?’ I said, ‘Yeah, if he asked me,’ but he never asked me.”
Before the film’s release, Storm was heavily speculated to make a cameo in the Marvel film, given the character’s ties to Hugh Jackman‘s Wolverine. Other rumoured cameos that fell through for the film includes Taylor Swift’s speculated appearance as Dazzler. However according to Deadpool & Wolverine‘s director Shawn Levy, the rumours were unsubstantiated and Swift was “never in talks” for an appearance.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.