All products featured on Glamour are independently selected by our editors. However, we may receive compensation from retailers and/or from purchases of products through these links.
Blake Lively has mastered the art of day-to-night dressing with the help of a wardrobe hero.
On October 18, Lively hit up the NY Food and Wine Festival dressed in various autumnal shades of green, pairing a chartreuse lace midi-dress with dark green Christian Louboutin thigh-high boots, topping everything off with an oversized olive-toned cardigan. Ever the more-is-more dresser, Lively accessorized the monochrome 2025 Michael Kors Collection look with mixed-metal jewelry, dramatic tortoiseshell bauble earrings, and her favored gold and black Chanel Canebiers Flap Bag.
To keep the look balanced, she went for a minimal makeup look, including her short, natural-toned manicure and a mauve pink lip. Her signature cascading blonde waves were, of course, worn down.
Blake Lively arrives at the NY Food and Wine Festival on October 18, 2024. in New York.
Between Lindsay Lohan’s hot-girl walks and Katie Holmes’s recent off-duty look, cardigans are quickly shaping up to be this year’s hottest prewinter layering piece after years of being outshined by oversized blazers and bomber jackets.
Net-a-Porter
Reformation
Instead of changing outfits to host the Betty BOOze Harvest Happy Hour later that evening, Lively simply removed her cardigan, revealing the truly sexy nature of the dress underneath and completely shifting the vibe of the look.
Blake Lively on the evening of October 18, 2024, in New York City.
While I wouldn’t normally describe Blake Lively’s eclectic, feminine style as particularly brat, this is the closest she’s come since the Charli XCX album kicked off the trend earlier this summer. She’s definitely lookin’ like an icon.
To be fair, the Spice Girls were the original brats.
More from Glamour
See More Stories & Guides
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Glamour may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices