Julia Fox generously invites the world to "come down the drain" with her in her debut single, out today.
The track is produced and engineered by Ben Draghi and, like her excellent (and soon-to-be-a-series) 2023 memoir, carries the title "Down the Drain." As Foxheads are well aware, she first teased the song with a timely surprise appearance at Charli XCX's recent Boiler Room set. Charli's much-hyped set, available in full below, exceeded expectations.
The chorus of "Down the Drain" sees the star of the upcoming Monkeypaw-produced horror film Goat reveling in being "a bitch," "a girl," "a woman," and "a whore." In the alternating sequence at the heart of the track's hook, Fox swaps "woman" and "mother" back and forth, like so:
Deeper into the song, Fox playfully mentions the "muse" distinction that's often been used to describe her in the press, all the way back to her breakout film role in the Safdies' modern classic Uncut Gems.
"I’m a firm believer in self-reinvention," Fox said in a statement shared with Complex. "The power to transform and become entirely new whenever you choose inspired writing this song and giving life to this idea I’ve had since I began drafting my book. In this instance, I’m embodying the persona of a pop star. Never stop creating art because you never know where it will take you."
Listen to "Down the Drain" below. The song is also available on Apple Music, Spotify, etc.
Down the Drain, the book, arrived in October through Simon and Schuster. Unlike the bulk of celebrity-driven stories, Fox took an unflinching approach to looking back at her life, focusing largely on her pre-Uncut Gems era, which notably included prior projects ranging from a clothing line to a pair of self-published photo books.
As Deadline reported in January, the book is now being developed into a series, complete with involvement from Six Feet Under producer and Transparent creator Joey Soloway.
But first, fans can expect to see Fox alongside Law Roach on the new E! series OMG Fashun. The fashion-focused competition show premieres next week, as does the official video for "Down the Drain," directed by Draghi.
style | BY Joe Price
Julia Fox and Velveeta Team Up for Eye-Popping Cheese-Inspired Hair Dye
music | BY Louis Pavlakos
Grimes Tells Julia Fox She's Easy to Cancel: "I Say a Lot of Dumb Stuff"
style | BY Trace William Cowen
Julia Fox Featured in Supreme’s Spring/Summer 2022 Ad by Harmony Korine
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.