You’ve heard of the Best Dressed list? Vogue now has the Most Dressed list, which features, as the mag puts it, “a list of the people who did the absolute, well, most with their fashion this year.” In other words, Vogue writes, “They wore a whoooooole lot of clothing—be it in quality or quantity.”
Charli XCX is included for making what Vogue calls “club-rat staples” — micro shorts, sheer and leather — “just as zeitgeist-y as her album [Brat].”
Taylor Swift made the list for using “fashion as a method of communication,” wearing tons of different plaid ensembles — which fans believe hint toward her Reputation (Taylor’s Version) release — and many, many red outfits to support her boyfriend Travis Kelce‘s Kansas City Chiefs.
Katy Perry made the list with her “style overhaul” ahead of the release of her album 143. She wrote the lyrics of her song “Women’s World” on two different outfits, wore a lower back tattoo that doubled as a QR code that let you presave 143 and who could forget the time she wore a huge fur coat, ripped tights and nothing else?
Ariana Grande and Cynthia Erivo made the list for their never-ending Wicked press tour, during which they sported countless coordinating Glinda and Elphaba looks: Ari wore pink, white and yellow, while Cynthia wore black and green. 
Rihanna kept fashion-watchers guessing by wearing everything from baggy pants to no pants, while sporting designer bags in sizes ranging from microscopic to enormous. 
“Diet Pepsi” singer Addison Rae‘s on the list for the “lightly deranged energy” of her fashion sense, wearing a Jean Paul Gaultier cone bra bustier, a swan-like bra and panty set and a “Lady F****** Gaga” tee with microshorts and glittery pumps.
Camila Cabello and Jennifer Lopez also made the list.
Copyright © 2024, ABC Audio. All rights reserved.
Need help accessing the FCC Public File due to a disability? Please contact Dave Brown at publicfilewpb@hubbardradio.com or (561) 616-4758.
This web site is not intended for users located within the European Economic Area.

YouTube Terms of Service |
        Google Privacy Policy |
        Google Terms of Service 

© 2025 Hubbard Radio West Palm Beach, LLC