Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Everything the global icon wears in her latest shoot for Kim Kardashian's intimates brand is now available to shop — full details below.

							By 

	Erin Lassner

E-Commerce Writer

	If you purchase an independently reviewed product or service through a link on our website, The Hollywood Reporter may receive an affiliate commission.

Skims meets ‘Brat.’ The Kim Kardashian-founded intimates and clothing brand taps global superstar Charli XCX to front its latest campaign. The imagery features Charli in Skims’ brand-new Cotton Rib and Cotton Fleece styles, available to shop starting Wednesday, August 21 at 9 a.m. PT. 

	Lana Del Rey, Usher and fitness influencer Steven Kelly are just a few familiar faces who have appeared in Skims ads this year, and it’s only right for 2024’s “It” girl to join the mix. 


		Charli wears the Waffle Lined Shrunken Zip Up in limited-edition colorway Ash.	

	The campaign was shot by acclaimed photographer Petra Collins, capturing Charli in peak ‘Brat Summer’ energy: bold, carefree and just a little bit rebellious. The dreamy partnership is just one example of Charli’s cultural impact far beyond the music industry. “Skims empowers people to feel confident in their own skin, which is the essence of brat,” says Charli.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	Lifestyle
			



	
		
					Celebrity Stylists Love T3's Hair Tools -- But This Is Really Why the New Aire IQ Smart Hair Dryer Is Worth Buying		
			














	
	Lifestyle
			



	
		
					Battle of the Summer Beauty Sales: 10 Hollywood-Coveted Products to Buy at Walmart Over Amazon		
			








	The new Cotton Collection, featuring both ribbed and fleece styles, includes intimates, like bralettes, bodysuits, underwear and boxers in addition to loungewear, like tanks, tees, leggings, sweatpants and hoodies. Many of the offerings are released in limited-edition colorways.

	Everything she’s wearing in the campaign is now available to shop. Check out a few favorites below, and browse the full collection at skims.com.
		Charli wears the Cotton Rib Split Neck Bralette in Marble Stripe.	
		Charli wears the Cotton Rib Boxer in Marble Stripe.	
		Charli wears the Waffle Lined Oversized Hoodie with the Cotton Rib Split Neck Bralette ($38) and Thong ($18) in Light Heather.	
		Charli wears the Cotton Rib Long Sleeve T-Shirt  with the Cotton Rib Hipster ($22), both in Marble Stripe. 	

Related: Kim Kardashian and Beats Reteam for the Perfect Skims Accessory: Neutral-Toned Headphones
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.