If Mr. Tumnus did brat girl summer
In case you somehow managed to miss it, the hottest trend this season is brat girl summer courtesy of Charli XCX's sixth studio album, brat, released at the beginning of June. The album and Charli herself have had us all in a collective chokehold ever since its release, so it was no surprise to see the artist covering Billboard's latest issue. Being recognised by the American music and entertainment magazine, especially after namechecking the publication in her song 'Rewind'? Love that for her.
As for the accompanying photoshoot providing us with alllll the brat girl summer inspo – well, we love that for us. And it's one look in particular from the shoot that really caught our attention. Charli wearing nothing but a grey peplum-waist jacket with a brown leather collar styled with pony hair heeled ankle boots resembling horse hooves. The ensemble is reminiscent of a centaur thanks to the realism of the boots. It's giving Mr. Tumnus if the Narnia character did brat girl summer.
It's not the first time horses have featured in fashion, with Camila Cabello recently sporting a long blonde tail as part of her own photoshoot for King Kong Magazine. Charli's look is from Seán McGirr’s debut at Alexander McQueen, with the designer sending models clip-clopping down the AW24 runway in the controversial footwear. But the fact they are controversial is exactly why they're so perfect for Charli's brat era. 
Take the slime green colourway of the album's artwork, the most recognisable element of the aesthetic. Charli herself is quoted as calling the hue (Pantone 3570-C, FYI) “actually quite disgusting” but she picked it because it “spark[s] a really interesting conversation about [desirability]…". 
Elsewhere in the shoot, Charli also wears a Dilara Findikoglu co-ord (scroll through the carousel above to see) consisting of a football jersey-esque red t-shirt with conical bra inserts and matching ruffle-trim micro shorts for a pop princess twist on the athleisure trend. Now that's so Julia. Actually, come to think of it, both of these fits are very Julia Fox. No wonder she's one of Charli's It girls starring in the '360' music video.
Yep, nothing tops this shoot or brat girl summer for us RN. 
Follow Alexandria on Instagram.
Alexandria Dale is the Digital Fashion Writer at Cosmopolitan UK. Covering everything from the celebrity style moments worth knowing about to the latest fashion news, there’s nothing she loves more than finding a high street dupe of a must-have designer item. As well as discovering new brands, she’s passionate about sustainable fashion and establishing the trends that are actually worth investing in. Having worked in fashion journalism for six years, she has experience at both digital and print publications including Glamour and Ok! 
The most revealing Met Gala naked dresses *ever*
Rosie Huntington-Whiteley is selling her wardrobe
Flo Pugh's sheer strapless gown = style switch-up
Sydney Sweeney's tiny ruffle nude corset dress =🔥
Blake Lively's corset gown = Old Hollywood glamour
Shopping Sydney Sweeney’s stripe bikini & trousers
Flo Pugh's black lace ballgown is *SO* see-through
A deep dive into Lola Young's style transformation
Shop Olivia Rodrigo's stunning Rixo dress
Maya serves sexy underboob in bikini beach snaps
Zendaya's naked dress has a huuuge thigh split
We found £35 lookalikes to the Hermes Oran sandals
Cosmopolitan, Part of the Hearst UK Fashion & Beauty Network
Cosmopolitan participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England 112955. All Rights Reserved.