Today's Digital Daily	
			



	
			Today's Digital Daily	
			

We're bumpin' that purse to the top of our holiday wishlist.
Director of Commerce for Footwear News and WWD

	If you purchase an independently reviewed product or service through a link on our website, WWD may receive an affiliate commission.

	You want to guess the bag on Charli XCX’s shoulder during her “360” performance on “Saturday Night Live” last night? The Grammy-nominated “Brat” artist hit the green stage during “SNL” — where she did double duty as both the host and musical guest — wearing a vintage Lou Reed “New York” graphic concert T-shirt, R & M Leathers buckle belt, a ruffled mini skirt, Jimmy Choo x Jean Paul Gaultier Cuff boots, Givenchy Giv Cut shield sunglasses, and a Gucci Jackie large shoulder bag in black from the luxury fashion label’s fall 2024 collection.

	While fans were puzzled by Charli’s decision to perform with her purse (that’s so “Brat”), we found the choice of designer bag to be the most shocking — or should we say so confusing — part of the live performance. 

	This past week, Charli was photographed by paparazzi leaving The Bowery Hotel in New York City toting a number of different purses that were more so Julia than so Jackie O., including an Acne Studios Multipocket bag (which makes sense since Charli is the new face of the brand). Even Charli donning a Khaite Elena studded suede bag in one of her “SNL” skits felt more on-brand for the pop princess. So, what made the “Sweat” tour singer opt for a more streamlined designer shoulder bag (even with her own twist of a sparkly rope accent on it)?

	Prior to the LACMA Art+Film Gala earlier this month, sponsored by Gucci, Charli had not been seen in the Italian fashion house’s offerings all “Brat Summer“, but perhaps this event was just the beginning of a new relationship with the Sabato De Sarno-helmed brand.

	As mentioned in a recent episode of “The Zane Lowe Interview”, Charli is looking to focus on her acting career with several projects already in the works. Could this be the start of a style evolution that’s less about club wear classics more about Old Hollywood elegance? If Charli’s black corseted ensemble by Dilara Findikoglu during her “SNL” opening monologue is any sign of what to expect from the auto tune songstress, don’t be surprised if we see her dress in less Von Dutch and more Gucci.

	If Kamala Harris and Martha Stewart can be considered “Brat”, who’s to say Jackie Kennedy wasn’t “Brat”? After all, “Brat” is just a vibe, right?
Sign up for WWD news straight to your inbox every day
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
WWD and Women's Wear Daily are part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All Rights Reserved.