It seems like every summer has a cool theme. First came Tomato Girl Summer. Next, courtesy of Hailey Bieber, was Strawberry Girl Summer. Now we're in the midst of Brat Green Summer and it's all because of Charli XCX.
The singer recently dropped her album Brat and due to the album's green backdrop, green is the color of the moment. Some people identify it as lime green, others as puke green, still others as neon green and even acid green. Regardless of classification, the trend has taken over everything from clothing to beauty to food. Fortunately, it's pretty easy being Brat Green when it comes to clothing.
There's an awesome mix of designer and fast-fashion options. Gucci not only supplies a gorgeous green miniskirt, the Italian fashion house also has slingback pumps in a great green hue. We can totally see Charli XCX rocking LaQuan Smith's ruched cocktail dress. Or Nensi Dojaka's gathered bodysuit. Leave it to Bottega Veneta to craft the ideal shoulder bag in the perfect shade.
If you're saving up to go see the singer's upcoming tour (this is one summer shade that may continue straight through fall when it gets underway), you can still dress the part without spending big bucks. Both Mango and Zara have a couple super affordable pieces. In fact, Zara's having a big sale right now so you can get a ribbed tank top for just $5.99. Looking for some shades? Check out The Attico's Linda Farrow collaboration for a set of striking green frames. You can even tackle the trend via your swimwear with Oséree's dazzling one-piece.
Go ahead and go Brat Green by shopping the top summer-appropriate picks below.
Mango Asymmetrical Bow Neck Dress in Lime, $350 at Mango
Jacquemus La Veste Limao Cropped Jacket, $868 at Mytheresa
Nensi Dojaka Green Gathered Bodysuit, $224 at SSENSE
Gucci Cotton-Blend Bouclé-Jacquard Mini Skirt, $1,400 at Net-a-Porter
Bottega Veneta Small Moulded Shoulder Bag, $1,550 at FWRD
Zara Basic Rib Tank Top, $5.99 at Zara
Free-est Onda Drop-Waist Tube Midi in Bright Lime, $78 at Free People
The Attico x Linda Farrow Irene Sunglasses, $156 at Mytheresa
Tory Burch Embroidered Crinkled-Shell Shorts, $128 at Net-a-Porter
Zara Basic Knit Fitted Midi Dress, $12.99 at Zara
Mango Flowy Textured Blouse, $79.99 at Mango
Oséree Lumire Underwired Maillot, $270 at Shopbop
Dion Lee Strappy Fine-Knit Minidress, $384 at Farfetch
Mango Semi-Transparent Ruffled Blouse, $39.99 at Mango
Gucci Signoria Slingback Pump, $1,150 at Gucci
LaQuan Smith Strapless Cocktail Ruching Dress, $1,365 at FWRD
© Copyright Fashion Times 2024. All rights reserved.
Your Privacy Rights
The material on this site may not bereproduced, distributed, transmitted, cachedor otherwise used,
except
with the priorwritten permission of Fashion Times.
© 2025 Fashion Times LLC. All Rights Reserved