Among the bright lights of Times Square, Pamela Anderson, Taraji P. Henson, and Suni Lee were among those honored at the Glamour Women of the Year awards on Tuesday, a glitzy event attended by Beyoncé, Billie Eilish, Demi Lovato, and more.
While waiting for the program to begin at the Times Square Edition Hotel’s Paradise Club, guests mingled over flutes of sparkling rosé and enjoyed R&B classics courtesy of DJ Hesta Prynn. Donna Kelce—mother of Travis and Jason—was at the bar ordering a ginger ale in a state of disbelief over being one of the annual event’s honorees. “I’m honored to be with these iconic women,” she told Vanity Fair, joking that “It’s like Where’s Waldo, and I’m Waldo.” As Real Housewives alum Bethenny Frankel took snapshots and selfies with her portable ring light, attendees were invited to take their seats at their respective black bar tables, which were adorned with snacks including chips and nuts, reminiscent of a Parisian apéro setup.
As the evening’s program commenced, Glamour global editorial director Samantha Barry highlighted the range of women being celebrated, from athletes to entrepreneurs to activists, but the night was primarily focused on mothers. Four of the honorees were what Barry called “supermoms”: Kelce; Tina Knowles, mother of Beyoncé and Solange; Maggie Baird, mother of Billie Eilish and Finneas; and Mandy Teefey, mother of Selena Gomez. Speaking to VF, Barry shared that the idea came from looking at past Women of the Year speeches, and realizing how often people thanked their moms.
Improvisational rap group Freestyle+ was on hand to serenade honorees, who included Olympian Suni Lee, actor and activist Pamela Anderson, actor Taraji P. Henson, and actor Sophia Bush, who spoke about the importance of reproductive freedom before introducing activists and honorees Hadley Duvall and Kaitlyn Joshua.
“I’m so in awe of these women and their stories,” Bush said, adding, “any of us that have the ability to speak out in rooms like this, we have to.”
Other presenters included singer and actor Demi Lovato, as well as actor Brooke Shields and her daughter, Rowan Francis Henchy, who also shared hosting duties on the red carpet. “It was just wonderful to see all the moms being honored and recognized,” said Shields. Henchy, a student and aspiring broadcaster, admitted to having some nerves prior to the experience, but said that looking over to her mom calmed any residual anxieties. “To be able to talk to these people in a room of courage and strength, that was the best part,” she said.
Some awardees who could not be there, such as tennis superstar Serena Williams, actor Sydney Sweeney, and Mandy Teefey, were honored by their family via a video montage that included Venus Williams and Selena Gomez.
The evening also included a performance by country singer Kelsea Ballerini, who performed an unreleased single and a cover of “Lean on Me.” She addressed Beyoncé, thanking her for making a country album, to which Bey mouthed, “Thank you so much.”
Once the program wrapped up, DJ Hesta Prynn returned to the stage, urging the crowd to make special requests and queuing hits from Chappell Roan and Charli xcx, to the delight of guests who stuck around as trays of pigs in a blankets and tater tots traveled through the dancefloor.
How Miriam Adelson Went From Big MAGA Winner to Casino Loser in Trump’s First 100 Days
The Truth Underlying Pete Hegseth’s Job Security
“It’s About Him”: How Trump Is Perverting the Presidential Photo Stream
Inside the Case of Kim Kardashian’s Paris Robbery
How Sebastian Stan Became Hollywood’s Most Daring Shape-Shifter
The Ballad of Bill Belichick and Jordon Hudson
Juilliard Is Going Tuition-Free
Elon Musk’s Breeding Spree Is So Much Wilder Than You Thought
Every Quentin Tarantino Movie, Ranked
Meet Elon Musk’s 14 Children and Their Mothers (Whom We Know of)
From the Archive: Sinatra and the Mob
More from Vanity Fair
Contact
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Vanity Fair may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
CN Entertainment