Things you buy through our links may earn Vox Media a commission.

              Save this article to read it later.
              






              Find this story in your account’s ‘Saved for Later’ section.
              





We hereby declare our own Paris Olympics. The gold medal for heiress in music? It’s a lock. Nearly 20 years after heating up our eardrums with her debut album, Paris, Hilton has returned with Infinite Icon, a dance-pop confection to remind listeners of her pop-star bona fides. Hilton was encouraged to re-bedazzle her musical identity by Sia, whom she crossed paths with in late 2022 when they appeared together on a Miley Cyrus television special. Hilton has been a successful DJ on the circuit for several years, but it was Sia’s pitch as a studio collaborator that ignited Hilton’s confidence for a second-album go-round. (The stars, ahem, can sometimes be blind.) “She believed in me and made me believe in myself,” says Hilton. “I’m just comfortable with her.” Megan Thee Stallion, Meghan Trainor, and Rina Sawayama also appear on Infinite Icon’s tracks, so try not to overthink things: This is meant to be a fun and hot listen to shake your ass to. Dare we say, you should be sliving with it.
You’ve said that you were encouraged to work on this album because pop music needed saving. Has the genre been underwhelming to you lately?It was definitely sarcastic. I’ve always loved pop music. I grew up when all of the biggest pop stars were out, and the genre has been a source of so much fun for me. When I was making this album, of course I was inspired by EDM and dance music from being a DJ for so long. But I was also inspired by pop stars. Sia, for sure, was an influence, because she’s the executive producer of the album and my fairy godmother. Britney Spears is the princess of pop and always will be to me. Christina Aguilera, too. I love my girls and it shows.
Does Sia keep the wig on in the recording studio?She definitely doesn’t keep the wig on in the studio, I’m afraid. We’ve become very close over the past year and a half. She’s a sister to me. When we’re together, we both have no hair looks and no makeup. We’re chilling in sweatsuits and socks. She took my voice to another level that I didn’t know I had in me. She makes me feel safe in the studio, and I want to be my best self with her. On my first album, I was so shy. It was hard for me to even sing in front of two producers. But with her, I encouraged, like, 20 people to come into the room while I was recording. I’ve never felt more confident.
There’s a line in the opening song, “Welcome Back,” where you sing, “You stole my voice like robbery.” I’ve found it fascinating over the years how you adapted to using two distinct voices that you calibrated for comfort or character.That voice was all part of the brand. I never used my actual voice fully, because I was holding so much in. That’s why I did the very Marilyn Monroe–type voice. I didn’t realize until recently that it came from a trauma response of what I went through as a teenager. It was building a protective shell around myself and not wanting to let people in. I didn’t want people to know who I truly was. But going through all of that was extremely healing. I’m strong and resilient. I wanted to channel that into the album. I did feel my voice was taken from me in other ways — the media wanting to portray this character that wasn’t even who I truly was. I feel now I can use my voice and tell my story through my music.
So when you compare your singing voice from 2006’s “Stars Are Blind” to “I’m Free” from this album, what are the nuances you hear that listeners may not be able to fully appreciate?When I was recording Paris, I was in my party-girl era, but I was very timid in the studio. When I listen to “I’m Free,” I can hear a woman who has discovered who she is. That’s why I wanted to make songs that are empowering, because that’s the direct effect they had on me. I’ve been through so much in my life. I wanted to make an album for myself now and then — a lot are anthems to make you feel strong and realize your worth. “BBA” is there if you ever forget the bad bitch that you are.
Who was the most important teacher at the Paris Hilton Bad Bitch Academy?It all leads back to my grandmother, my mom’s mom. When she walked into a room, she lit it up. She made me feel like I could be anything. I lived with her for a year in the ninth grade and we were best friends. She taught me a lot about life, how to handle yourself, and how to want to work hard. She wanted me to become successful and never have to depend on anyone. She was the ultimate, original bad bitch.
The “BBA” music video is insane in the best way possible. How much product placement is too much? There was a lot!I’m the queen of branding and marketing. I invented the whole game. I’m the original influencer. I think it’s fun and camp to do that. And, seriously, they’re all brands that I really love.
What’s one product you’ll never endorse?Cigarettes. They’re so bad.
You’ve said that Charli XCX considers you to be a key inspiration to her music. What other musicians have given you flowers over the years?I was at the Brit Awards and I felt someone tap my shoulder. I turned around and it was Madonna. She said, “I just wanted to say I love your new album, it’s amazing.” I was about to faint. I never get starstruck, because I know everyone. She’s been an idol and icon since I was a little girl. When she said that to me, it was one of the most epic things to hear about the album. When I met Lady Gaga, she told me that “Stars Are Blind” is one of the greatest pop songs ever made. To hear it from an artist who I respect and love so much — that they love my music — is a touching feeling.
I know you already ended the feud with Lindsay Lohan, but do you think you and she could work it out further on a remix?I’m actually putting a remix album together right now. A remix with her would be so iconic. I love Lindsay. Her album was sick.
“Stars Are Blind” is the shot and “Rumors” is the chaser.﻿Oh my God, yes. I love “Rumors.” That song is so good.
We’re talking roughly two weeks after Infinite Icon’s release. It debuted at No. 38 on the “Billboard 200,” but it’s also currently one of the top-selling albums. How are you choosing to measure its success?I’ll be honest, I don’t pay attention to those types of things. Well, I kind of do. But with my first album, people would tell me, Did you know you got to No. 1 in some of these countries? No, I didn’t look at any of that. Back then, I was going out every single night and not paying attention. Now, there’s a sense of pride that it’s doing so well with sales.
Does going on a legitimate tour, where you’re singing and performing and not relegated to a DJ booth, interest you at all? I’m going to be doing a lot of shows. I have two concerts that are coming up in Los Angeles. I’m going to do five acts as “the Infinite Icon experience.” I’m putting together the set list and picked 16 songs from the two albums. I’m putting together different medleys and remixes. This is something that’s always been my dream. I’ve always wanted to be a pop star. Every day this week I’ve been with my vocal coach, choreographer, and dancers. I was supposed to go to Paris Fashion Week with my sister for our annual sister trip. And I told her, “This album and these concerts mean so much to me — I can’t go.” I want to focus all of my energy on music. Even though I have a million other projects going on, this was the priority. I’m getting ready to shoot a new music video. I’m thinking of different concepts for set design, lighting, and props. I love putting everything together. I make physical mood boards with glue. I’m an Aquarius with ADHD. I live for this.
In the song “Legacy,” I liked when you tease in the line “I know they all remember me for the glamour and fantasy.” In reality, do you often give thought to what your legacy will be in popular culture?I want my legacy to be what I do for other people and that I used my pain and turned it into a purpose. I’m proud that I’ve now changed state laws. My bill that we’ve been passing through Congress will hopefully get approved for federal legislation — so in all 50 states, children won’t be abused the way I and so many others were every single year. I don’t want to be remembered for the fame. That doesn’t mean anything to me compared to what I’m doing right now to protect children from pain and abuse. I also hope my music helped make the world a brighter place. I was true to myself and unapologetic. I’m an infinite icon.
Things you buy through our links may earn Vox Media a commission.
Have an Account?