Charlotte Colombo
Kamala Harris is making history. But maybe not in the way you think. Thanks to some dedicated pranksters, the Democrat presidential nominee has become a meme legend. From day one with “we did it Joe” to her now-infamous “coconut tree” speech, the Democratic nominee is truly the gift that keeps on giving.
So, if you think about it, TikTok remixes of Harris’ best moments were pretty much inevitable. Here’s everything we know about them.
One remix that has really popped off on TikTok is this one of Harris’ laugh. It’s since been used across 3,325 videos.
Another one, which is my personal favorite, is the basis of a viral dance. Entitled “Kamala Harris 365,” the remix incorporates Charli XCX’s brat hit 365. The beginning of the song, where Charli repeats “bumpin’ that” is replaced with a loop of Harris saying “coconut” until the beat drops.
The dance has gone so viral, it’s even reached X. Usually, when a TikTok hits X that means the trend is dead—but you only have to scroll your FYP to know that this particular trend, and Harris’ brat summer, are very much alive.
The Harris laugh remix was made by Australian music producer Leo Zarucky, who’s perhaps better known as Zeo. The TikTok, which was posted on July 23, has amassed 7.7 million views.
Meanwhile, the “Kamala Harris 365” remix was made by TikToker @mxwlch03. It was first uploaded on July 22, and has since amassed 5 million views.  
Both of these sounds sample Harris’ viral 2023 speech which included a saying from her mother: “You think you just fell out of a coconut tree?” she asks, “You exist in the context of all in which you live and what came before you.”
At this point, it’s near-impossible to keep track of all the Harris remixes. But there’s some TikTokers who have made a valiant effort to track them. One such person is Broadway choreographer Ellenore Scott. 
For her 983,400 TikTok followers, she has committed herself to dancing to every single remix, and is on No.  14 and counting.
Another creator keeping track is Freddy Ortega, who has done nine videos of himself annoying his mom with various Harris remixes. He’s currently on No. 9.
Now you can watch our That One Sound from TikTok column on YouTube! Subscribe to our channel and keep an eye out for new episodes every Wednesday:
Internet culture is chaotic—but we’ll break it down for you in one daily email. Sign up for the Daily Dot’s web_crawlr newsletter here. You’ll get the best (and worst) of the internet straight into your inbox.
Meme History: Tariff memes
Meme History: The 5 best Minecraft memes
Meme History: Dat Boi
Paul Walter Hauser has one peculiar IMDb credit he wishes he could erase
Share this article
TAGS 
Charlotte is a regular Daily Dot contributor with bylines in Insider, VICE, Glamour, The Independent, and more. She holds a Masters’s degree in Magazine Journalism from City, University of London.