The first thing I noticed about Runoff was the hypnotic pull of the constant screaming, rhythmic switch-ups and random breakdowns. One minute, I was listening skeptically, thinking, “This is a bit loud. I hope I don’t get a headache,” and a few songs later, I awoke from a stupor to find myself subtly headbanging at my desk.
The second thing I noticed about Runoff was the insane production value of their music videos. The quality suggested record label funding, not DIY filmmaking performed by one of the members. Although bassist and videographer Thomas Helvenstine left Runoff to focus on his career as a videographer for the Switchbacks, the band hopes to snag him on a free day to record music videos. Right now, the Switchbacks’ impressive performance is keeping Helvenstine busy.
“I’m hoping for the Switchbacks’ downfall, honestly,” vocalist Tommy Gates joked.
The pleasing visual presentation seems to have paid off. Most of Runoff’s music videos sit at around 30,000 views on YouTube — an impressive feat for a local band that began as a fanciful thought between a group of friends playing video games and chatting on Discord during the COVID-19 pandemic. As soon as they could leave the house, they started making music.
An EP of six songs followed in 2023, and the reception has been positive — and not just locally, either. It’s all thanks to the money the band spent on digital advertising on social media. It’s a far cry from the old method of amassing a following — playing a series of shows in small town venues before breaking out into the mainstream — and comes with its own risks.
“There’s a lot of times where I’ve run into bands that have, like, 600,000 monthly listeners on Spotify, then you go to a show and there’s like, five kids in the crowd,” drummer Caden O’Brien said.
It’s about finding a good balance between local and wider acclaim. After all, a band of Runoff’s size can’t support a world tour, despite the constant online pleas of one fan for the band to come to Uruguay.
Still, there are positives of targeting a wider audience, such as catching the attention of larger bands. Runoff met rock band Chrmng, through a mutual connection with mixing engineer Seth Munson, and before long, Chrmng, asked Runoff to feature on one of their songs. “BASELINE,” which was released in August, is decidedly different to Chrmng,’s usual bedroom pop-influenced fare; none of Runoff’s heaviness has been lost translation. Vocalist Avi Kabir had been listening to a lot of Turnstile and wanted to write something in the same vein. Apparently, Kabir consistently takes Chrmng, into uncharted territory based on his whims.
Runoff has taken notes from Chrmng,’s flaunting of genre conventions. Gates’ vocals alternate between rage-induced screams, polished melodies and the dog whines of pop punk. The band’s influences are broad and unexpected. Gates grew up in a household torn between death metal and opera, but these days, he spends a lot of time listening to EDM and pop hits.
“I’ve always been a big advocate for just not having a guilty pleasure band. If you like it, then listen to it,” Gates said. “Like, I literally love Taylor Swift. I love Chappell Roan. I love Charli XCX. Like, all the big shit right now — I love it all, and it’s honestly because it is just undeniably insanely good songwriting. You don’t make it to that level without writing stuff that is just burned into people’s brains the second they hear it.”
While Runoff’s members adore creating hardcore music together, it’s not their go-to for easy listening. After all, it’s hard for a novelist to enjoy a casual read without thinking about how they would write the book differently. 
“The more I expose myself to it, the more I’m like, ‘OK, I have to write stuff that sounds like this because this is what’s cool, this is what people are listening to, this is the thing,’” guitarist Devin DeLeon said. O’Brien added, “I don’t want to be trying to copy something that I love. I want to take that inspiration from it and then color what I write with that inspiration.”
Runoff’s second EP, which is currently being mixed and mastered, abides by these rules (or rather, lack of them). The EP features both the brightest and gnarliest songs Runoff has ever written.
The band is excited to get things into full swing with the addition of two new members, bassist Tanner Bishop and guitarist Trevor Lemmond (who also plays in local band Lava Gato). When I spoke with Runoff, the band had had their first practice as a five-piece only two days prior, but things sounded promising.
“I’m personally excited to play with another guitarist. This is the first time I’ve got to jam with someone else in the lineup for like, five, six years,” DeLeon said. “I’m used to always playing lead and rhythm, trying to, like, interweave both parts into one guitar. But now there’s a lot more dynamicism.”
Runoff has only played two shows this year, but with the addition of new members, they’re finally ready to emerge from hibernation.
“This is the most excited I’ve been about the band since we started it,” Gates said.
Runoff will be playing at the Volt of Vultures Third Anniversary Show on Nov. 1 in a lineup of local bands. They will also play the Black Sheep on Nov. 16. Stream Runoff’s 2023 EP “Shimmer” on all major streaming services and be on the lookout for new music soon.


Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
			

The Colorado Springs Independent captures the essence of this city, engaging with its political and environmental issues while highlighting its vibrant cultural scene.
We're social, connect with us:

					Type above and press Enter to search. Press Esc to cancel.