Beyoncé may be the Rodeo Queen on the cover of "Cowboy Carter," but she lassoed a formidable crew to execute her genre-blending, countrified vision.
The tracklist of her latest album boasts an array of features: Black country artists such as Tanner Adell, Brittney Spencer, Tiera Kennedy, Reyna Roberts, Shaboozey, and Willie Jones lend their vocals to "Blackbiird," "Spaghettii," "Just for Fun," and more; Miley Cyrus and Post Malone duet with Beyoncé on "II Most Wanted" and "Levii's Jeans," respectively; Nashville legends Willie Nelson, Dolly Parton, and Linda Martell take turns narrating the experience like radio DJs.
The album credits provided to streaming services on Sunday offer even more insight into Beyoncé's creative corps.
Naturally, familiar names appear: The-Dream, who first teamed up with Beyoncé in 2008 for "Single Ladies," coproduced 10 of the album's 27 tracks; her husband and frequent music collaborator Jay-Z cowrote six.
However, a deeper dive reveals more interesting and unexpected collaborators — even producers and songwriters who are brand new to Beyoncé's orbit.
We rounded up 12 artists who worked on "Cowboy Carter" (according to credits listed on Spotify) and where you might know them from.
If you're a late-night TV fan, you'll probably recognize Batiste as the former bandleader on "The Late Show With Stephen Colbert." If you're a Lana Del Rey fan, you'll remember that he was featured on her 2023 single "Candy Necklace."
But on a broader scale, Batiste is a major industry player and a recently crowned award-show darling. He won album of the year at the 2022 Grammys for "We Are," an eclectic love letter to Black music and American culture. (Sound familiar?) His follow-up, "World Music Radio," was up for the top award again this year.
Batiste has also earned two Oscar nominations, winning best original score in 2020 for Pixar's "Soul."
The multi-hyphenate singer, songwriter, and producer recently praised Beyoncé on social media for helping to "dismantle the genre machine."
"When I catch inspiration, the words and chords pour out of me," he wrote of "Ameriican Requiem." "What an honor to then see how brilliantly Beyoncé made them her own and THEN further enhanced the lyrical statement, synthesizing it into the larger body of work."
Cam is a country singer with a long-standing connection to Cyrus, with whom she cowrote the "Bangerz" deep cut "Maybe You're Right."
As a solo artist, Cam's breakout hit came in 2015 with "Burning House," the second single from her sophomore album "Untamed." It reached No. 29 on the Billboard Hot 100 and went multi-platinum.
Another wave of acclaim came in 2017 thanks to "Diane," the lead single from Cam's third album. The impassioned power ballad is written from the inverted perspective of Parton's "Jolene," which Beyoncé covered for "Cowboy Carter." (Parton gave "Diane" her stamp of approval.)
Beyoncé and Hamelin are the only producers credited for "Smoke Hour II" and "Just for Fun."
Hamelin initially rose to fame in the aughts as the drummer for The Stills, a Canadian indie-rock band, best known for their 2003 single "Still In Love Song" and Juno Award-winning album "Oceans Will Rise."
After they disbanded in 2011, Hamelin formed the new band Eight and a Half but found steadier work as a producer. He has recently worked with Zara Larsson ("Nothing") and 070 Shake, most notably on "Scar," a standout track from the Beyoncé-curated soundtrack "The Lion King: The Gift."
After initially doing the teen idol rounds on Radio Disney, Beatty pivoted to behind-the-scenes work for alt-hip-hop artists. 
He gained recognition as a songwriter and backing vocalist for Brockhampton ("Queer," "Bleach," "Sugar"), the group's front man Kevin Abstract ("Baby Boy," "Crumble," "Sierra Nights"), and Tyler the Creator ("I Think").
Beatty released his debut solo album "Boy In Jeans" in 2018 and his sophomore album "Dreaming of David" in 2020.
However, his third album, "Calico," marked an upswing in critical acclaim. The second track, "Bruises Off the Peach," was named one of the best songs of 2023 by Business Insider.
In a post on Instagram, Beatty described working on "Cowboy Carter'" as "one of the brightest highlights of my life on earth."
Beyoncé and Nichols are the only songwriters credited for "My Rose" and "Flamenco." The duo also coproduced the two songs, for which Nichols is credited under her stage name, Mamii.
"This is the first set of songs out that I've been able to write and produce for someone other than myself," Mamii wrote on Instagram. "It's really a dream come true."
In addition to her work behind the scenes, Mamii is a solo artist blending R&B and funk-rock with songs like "F*ck You Up" and "Creepiin." (She tends to prefer double-I stylization, much like Beyoncé during her "Act II" era.)
Last year, Mamii opened for Q and Baby Rose on their Through The Soul Tour. More recently, she cowrote the single "Talking" from the new album by ¥$, aka Ye and Ty Dolla $ign.
In addition to a decadelong career writing for pop stars like Tate McRae ("R U OK"), Madison Beer ("Selfish"), and Charli XCX ("Yuck"), Lowell has released six projects (including albums and EPs) of her own.
Several of Lowell's latest releases recall themes and symbols evoked in "Cowboy Carter," including her singles "Black Boots and Leather Rebellion" (2021) and "Hamptons City Cowboy" (2022).
Ryan Tedder is the renowned front man for OneRepublic, best known for hits like "Apologize" and the diamond-certified "Counting Stars."
Tedder is also a prolific songwriter and producer. His vast catalog of hits includes "Exes" and "Greedy" by McRae, "That's What I Want" by Lil Nas X, "Sucker" by the Jonas Brothers, "Welcome to New York" by Taylor Swift — and, of course, "Halo" by Beyoncé.
Rodgers is a living legend — an inductee of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Songwriters Hall of Fame, and a recipient of the Grammys Lifetime Achievement Award.
In addition to his musical legacy with the Big Apple Band, Rodgers has written iconic tracks across several decades, from "I'm Coming Out" by Diana Ross (1980) to "Get Lucky" by Daft Punk (2013) and "Cuff It" by Beyoncé (2022).
Parks is listed under her birth name, Anaïs Marinho, in the writing credits for "Ya Ya." 
The English singer-songwriter earned near-unanimous praise for her 2021 debut album "Collapsed In Sunbeams," which spawned indie hits like "Eugene" and "Black Dog." 
Parks released her sophomore album "My Soft Machine" last year. She has also collaborated with close friends in the industry, including Phoebe Bridgers ("Pegasus") and Clairo ("Green Eyes").
Raye began releasing music back in 2014. Her singles discography includes cult-favorite club hits like "Bed" and "You Don't Know Me."
Following her split from Polydor Records, Raye's career has taken off critically and commercially. Her first independent release, "My 21st Century Blues," was named the fourth-best album of 2023 by BI and won album of the year at the 2024 Brit Awards.
That same night, she also won songwriter of the year, song of the year, best R&B act, best new artist, and artist of the year — setting an all-time record for the ceremony.
This isn't Pharrell's first rodeo with Beyoncé; he coproduced "Blow" and "Superpower" from her 2013 self-titled album, as well as "Apeshit" and "Nice" from her joint LP with Jay-Z, 2018's "The Carters."
If you're somehow unfamiliar with Pharrell's impressive collection of production credits (Ariana Grande's "The Light Is Coming," Frank Ocean's "Pink + White," Kendrick Lamar's "Alright," Cyrus' "#GetItRight," and Justin Timberlake's "Señorita," just to name a few), then you certainly know his two diamond-certified smash hits: "Happy" and "Blurred Lines."
070 Shake is also credited with background vocals in "Amen," the album's final track.
The rapper-slash-singer's career took off in 2018 when she was cosigned by Ye (then known as Kanye West) and the rest of the G.O.O.D. Music crew; she provided guest vocals to "Santeria," track five on Pusha T's lauded album "Daytona," as well as "Ghost Town" and "Violent Crimes" from "Ye."
More recently, she opened for Kid Cudi on his To the Moon World Tour and garnered praise for her feature on Raye's single "Escapism," which peaked at No. 22 on the Billboard Hot 100.
Jump to