Expert-picked Mother's Day gifts for every type of mom, from $15
Sections
Shows
More
Follow today
More Brands
Charli XCX is trying to shut down the “toxic behavior” directed at Taylor Swift that has been displayed during some of her recent concerts. 
The 31-year-old singer-songwriter has been busy for the past month performing songs from her new album, “Brat,” around the world. But Charli XCX recently had to take a moment to admonish some concertgoers for possibly chanting hateful comments about Swift. 
On June 23, one X user tagged the “Von dutch” singer in a post with videos of attendees at an album release party in São Paulo, Brazil, appearing to chant “A Taylor Morreu,” which the user said translates to “Taylor is dead."
The social media user said Charli XCX's fans "have been showing toxic behavior."
“Could you do something about it? We don’t (believe) that’s what music should be about," the tweet said.
The person also tagged Swift’s official fan page, Taylor Nation, in the tweet. 
It only took a few hours for Charli XCX to respond to the post on her Instagram story. She said she would not “tolerate” the behavior. 
“Can the people who do this please stop. online or at my shows,” she said. 
Charli XCX continued, “It is the opposite of what I want and it disturbs me that anyone would think there is room for this in this community. I will not tolerate it.”
TODAY.com has reached out to Swift and Charli XCX’s reps for comment.
While Charli XCX notably opened for Swift in 2018, fans have speculated that one of the songs on "Brat," "Sympathy is a knife," is about the "Fortnight" singer.
Charli XCX — who recently addressed her rumored feud with Lorde by collaborating with the “Royals” singer on another “Brat” track called “The girl, so confusing version with lorde”— has not commented on the inspiration behind the song. 
Read on to learn more about “Sympathy is a knife” and why fans think the lyrics are about Swift, below.
Since Charli XCX’s “Sympathy is a knife” was released on June 7, fans have been dissecting the lyrics. 
Charli XCX previously opened up for Swift during her “Reputation Stadium Tour” and appeared with the Grammy-winner on stage to sing her song “Shake It Off” alongside fellow opening act Camila Cabello. But some fans have wondered if the relationship between Charli XCX and Swift has soured.
In “Sympathy is a knife,” Charli XCX sings in the first verse about a girl who “taps my insecurities.” But she says “George”— presumably her fiancé and The 1975 drummer George Daniel — tells her she is being “paranoid” about the situation. 
She provides more details about the subject of the song in the second verse. She sings, “Don’t wanna see her backstage at my boyfriend’s show/ Fingers crossed behind my back/ I hope they break up quick.” 
Fans have theorized that Charli XCX is crooning about Swift and her past relationship with The 1975 frontman Matty Healy, since the two both have a connection to the band. They have pointed to an Instagram post from Healy’s mom, Denise Welch, in January 2023 as evidence. The post includes a carousel of photos taken at a 1975 concert that show Swift and Charli XCX posing with Healy’s mother.
With her statement on Instagram, however, it seems Charli XCX is not interested in fanning the flames about this rumored strain in their relationship. 
I don’t wanna share the space
I don’t wanna force a smile
This one girl taps my insecurities
Don’t know if it’s real or if I’m spiraling
One voice tells me that they laugh
George says I’m just paranoid
Says he just don’t see it, he’s so naive
I’m embarrassed to have it, but need the sympathy
‘Cause I couldn’t even be her if I tried
I’m opposite, I’m on the other side
I feel all these feelings I can’t control
Oh no, don’t know why
All this sympathy is just a knife
Why I can’t even grit my teeth and lie?
I feel all these feelings I can’t control
Oh no, don’t know
Why I wanna buy a gun?
Why I wanna shoot myself?
Volatilе at war with my dialogue
I’d say that there was a God if thеy could stop this
Wild voice tearing me apart
I’m so apprehensive now
Don’t wanna see her backstage at my boyfriend’s show
Fingers crossed behind my back
I hope they break up quick
‘Cause I couldn’t even be her if I tried
I’m opposite, I’m on the other side
I feel all these feelings I can’t control
Oh no, don’t know why
All this sympathy is just a knife
Why I can’t even grit my teeth and lie?
I feel all these feelings I can’t control (Oh no)
All this sympathy is just a knife
All this sympathy is just a knife
All this sympathy is just a knife
Yeah, all this sympathy is just a knife
Oh no, oh no
Why is all this sympathy a f—ing knife?
Yeah, all this sympathy is just a knife
Couldn’t even be her if I tried
Oh no, oh no
Ariana Brockington is a trending news reporter at TODAY digital. She is based in Los Angeles.
© 2025 NBCUniversal Media, LLCApple®, Apple logo® and App Store® are registered trademarks of Apple Inc.