Spanning almost 25 years, the catalogue includes classic tracks from Skream, J:Kenzo, and more
UK dubstep label Tempa Records has released its entire back catalogue on Bandcamp for the first time, spanning almost 25 years.
Yesterday, October 7, the pioneering label released more than 100 albums, singles, and EPs on Bandcamp for the first time ever, dating back to the year 2000 when the label first launched.
The back catalogue includes major releases from the likes of Skream, J:Kenzo, Horsepower Productions, SP:MC, Benga, Youngsta, and more over the span of 24 years.
Read this next: Skream and Benga share remix of Charli xcx's 'Von Dutch' 
The first release in the catalogue from Horsepower Productions marked Tempa’s groundbreaking debut with ‘When You Hold Me / Let’s Dance’, a two-tracker released in 2000.
Other releases include Skream’s seminal 2006 record, ‘Skream!’, as well as Benga’s 2008 album ‘Diary Of An Afro Warrior’, and J:Kenzo’s self-titled 2012 record.
Tempa was founded in 2000 by Neil Jolliffe, and was recognised as one of the leading dubstep labels to emerge in the UK in the early 2000s with pioneering efforts in bass music.
Read this next: 14 vibrant photos capturing the energy of bass music from the 2000s to the present day
Dubstep DJ, producer, and former FWD>> resident Youngsta has also been credited with Tempa’s success, helping to bring new talent to the label and champion the fledgling sound across the scene.
The label’s entire back catalogue is available to download on Bandcamp for the first time. Many of the tracks - now released officially - have circulated digital platforms like SoundCloud and YouTube since they first appeared on Tempa.
Listen back to Tempa Records’ back catalogue here.
Gemma Ross is Mixmag's Assistant Editor, follow her on Twitter

      A weekly rundown of everything you need to know in music and culture
    

  Mixmag will use the information you provide to send you the Mixmag newsletter using Mailchimp as our marketing platform. You can change your mind at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in the footer of any email you receive from us. By clicking sign me up you agree that we may process your information in accordance with our privacy policy. Learn more about Mailchimp's privacy practices here.
  

      A weekly rundown of everything you need to know in music and culture
    

  Mixmag will use the information you provide to send you the Mixmag newsletter using Mailchimp as our marketing platform. You can change your mind at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in the footer of any email you receive from us. By clicking sign me up you agree that we may process your information in accordance with our privacy policy. Learn more about Mailchimp's privacy practices here.