By SEAN O'GRADY 
 Published:  12:04, 13 December 2024   |  Updated:  12:25, 13 December 2024   
 10
View  comments
Lily-Rose Depp put on a loved-up display with her girlfriend 070 Shake as they left the Nosferatu afterparty at the Sunset Boulevard Tower in LA on Thursday. 
The actress, 25, held hands with the singer, 27, who shielded her face from the cameras, as they departed the venue following the premiere of the horror film.
Lily exuded glamour in the silver satin gown she had worn on the red carpet earlier, having removed the embellished slip she had previously accessorised with.
070 Shake, whose real name is Danielle Balbuena, opted for a dark grey waistcoat and trousers with a white shirt.    
The couple have been together for nearly two years. They were first spotted together in February 2023 at Paris Fashion week.
Several months later in May of that year, Depp went Instagram official post a picture of the pair kissing and writing, '4 MONTHS W MY CRUSH.'
Lily-Rose Depp put on a loved-up display with her girlfriend 070 Shake as they left the Nosferatu afterparty at the Sunset Boulevard Tower in LA on Thursday
The actress, 25, held hands with the singer, 27, who shielded her face from the cameras, as they departed the venue following the premiere of the horror film
Shake has memorialized her love for Depp in song and on film. In the two-part single Winter Baby/ New Jersey Blues, Shake croons about her girlfriend, who also stars in the accompanying video.   
Lily-Rose looked in good spirits as she partied with co-star Emma Corrin and Charli XCX at the afterparty. 
She posed up a storm with Emma Corrin, 29, who donned a red printed dress with black ankle boots. 
Charli XCX, 32, also looked incredible as she went braless in a sheer black dress with floral detailing on the bodice. 
Nosferatu — which has been getting rave early reviews — is a haunting remake of the 1922 silent classic, which was loosely based on Bram Stoker’s Dracula. 
In this new version, Bill Skarsgard takes on the role of the bloodthirsty Count Orlok, with Lily-Rose playing Ellen Hutter, the object of his sinister obsession. 
In addition to Lily-Rose and Bill, Nosferatu features a talented ensemble cast that includes Nicholas Hoult as Thomas Hutter, Ellen's husband, and Willem Dafoe as Professor Albin Eberhart Von Franz, a vampire hunter.
The film also stars Emma Corrin as Anna Harding, the wife of Thomas's friend Friedrich, portrayed by Aaron Taylor-Johnson.
Lily exuded glamour in the silver satin gown she had worn on the red carpet earlier, having removed the embellished slip she had previously accessorised with
The couple have been together for nearly two years. They were first spotted together in February 2023 at Paris Fashion week (pictured in March 2024)
Early reviews are already raving, calling the Robert Eggers film 'hypnotic,' 'devilish,' and 'the scariest movie since The Shining,' as the movie posted a 95% on Rotten Tomatoes.
Every aspect of the project is getting rave reviews, but it's Lily-Rose who's really stealing the spotlight with her performance.
'The film belongs to Lily-Rose Depp, whose performance is a revelation,' declared The Hollywood Reporter, as Collider called it 'one of the year’s best performances.'
'Her scenes with Bill Skarsgard are electric,' continued THR's David Rooney. 'Depp gives Ellen’s delirium a tragic gravity, deepening once she acknowledges the mystical forces within her that sparked the vampire’s obsession.'
'She can switch in an instant from weak and vulnerable to demonic, and the stylized physicality of her seizures is breathtaking.'
Lily-Rose looked in good spirits as she partied with co-star Emma Corrin and Charli XCX (pictured) at the afterparty
Emma Corrin, 29, donned a red printed dress with black ankle boots while Charli, 32, also looked incredible as she went braless in a sheer black dress with floral detailing on the bodice
The pair were later joined for snaps with Aaron Taylor-Johnson who stars as Friedrich Harding in the upcoming horror film 
In this new version, Bill Skarsgard takes on the role of the bloodthirsty Count Orlok, with Emma as Anna Harding, the wife of Thomas's friend Friedrich, portrayed by Aaron
Nicholas Hoult, Robert Eggers, Bill, Aaron and Lily-Rose posed up a storm at the party
Disney Channel star Moisés Arias looked in good spirits as he partied with Jaden Smith 
The cast (L-R) Willem Dafoe, Aaron, Emma, Robert, Lily-Rose, Bill and Nicholas earlier attended the premiere at the TCL Chinese theatre in Hollywood
Speaking to Natalie Portman in a conversation for Interview magazine, Lily-Rose recently shared that one scene in the upcoming vampire flick was difficult to film.
The scene in question sees her drenched in blood with it streaming from her eyes
'There was blood that I would have to put in my eyes, and I’m tearing up just talking about it. My eyes are very sensitive.'
Set in Germany in 1882, Nosferatu follows Thomas Hutter and his wife Ellen as they travel to Transylvania in Romania's Carpathian Mountains, where they encounter the mysterious Count Orlok.
Nosferatu will hit theaters on Christmas Day, December 25, 2024.
Nosferatu will hit theaters on Christmas Day, December 25

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have been moderated in advance.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group