By CAROLINA PIRAS FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  18:16, 21 September 2024   |  Updated:  18:35, 21 September 2024   
 22
View  comments
Christine Quinn commanded attention in a stylish denim co-ord as she headed to the Diesel runaway show during Milan Fashion Week on Saturday. 
The Selling Sunset favourite, 35, posed up a storm in the streets of the Italian city in the fashionable denim two-piece which featured ripped details and fringes.
The real estate expert sported a fitting plunging jacket with long sleeves and matching low-rise denim jeans as she flashed a glimpse of her flat midriff.
Finishing off her look, Christine added a few extra inches to her frame with glamorous chromed silver stilettos, which also matched a pair of shades.
The Netflix sensation - known for her statement wardrobe - also accessorised with a slew of silver rings and ditched any bag choice. 
Christine Quinn commanded attention in a very stylish denim co-ord as she was snapped looking fabulous ahead of the Diesel runaway show during Milan Fashion Week
The Selling Sunset favourite, 35, posed up a storm in the streets of the star-studded Italian city in the fashionable denim two-piece which featured ripped details and fringes
The bombshell referenced Christine Aguilera's iconic YK2 hairstyle, sporting her blonde and black locks as she beamed gracefully.
Her striking appearance at Milan Fashion Week comes a month after Christine appeared to shade her estranged husband, Christian Dumontet, while flaunting her figure in a skimpy swimsuit in a new Instagram video from August.
The TV personality - who was recently seen moving out of her marital home amid her ugly divorce battle - soaked up the sun on a boat as she continues to move on from her nasty split. 
In text added over the reel, the star penned, 'Remember ladies, while you're healing he's balding.'   
Earlier this year in March, Christian was arrested at their L.A. house for assault with a deadly weapon. Christine was soon granted a temporary restraining order and he filed for divorce in early April shortly after the incident. 
The real estate expert sported a fitting plunging jacket with long sleeves and matching low-rise denim jeans as she flashed a glimpse of her flat midriff 
Christine added matching low-rise denim as she flashed a glimpse of her flat midriff
The star rocked a pair of edgy shades
The Netflix sensation - known for her over-the-top fashion - accessorised with a slew of silver rings and ditched any bag choice
Finishing off her look, Christine added a few extra inches to her frame with glamorous chromed silver stilettos, which also matched a pair of shades 
The media personality - who shares son Christian Jr., three, with her ex - showed off toned physique in a pink bikini top that contained thin fabric that wrapped down her waist.  
She additionally wore a pair of matching bottoms and allowed her platinum blonde locks to effortlessly flow down past her shoulders. 
The beauty - who tied the knot with her ex in 2019 - lounged on the back of a boat that floated on the water as she enjoyed a relaxing getaway. 
It comes a month after Christine appeared to shade her estranged husband, Christian Dumontet, while flaunting her figure in a skimpy swimsuit in a new Instagram video 
Earlier this year in March, Christian was arrested at their L.A. house for assault with a deadly weapon. The pair filed for divorce in early April shortly after the incident; seen in 2021 in L.A. 
In the caption of the post, Christine simply added green heart emojis as well as an apple, followed by the hashtags, '#brat #bratsummer #bratslay #summervibes #hotgirlsummer.' 
Throughout the reel, the upbeat track titled 360 by Charli XCX, played in the background and she later jumped to the comment section to add, 'Correction "Still Balding."'
A model walks the runway at the Diesel fashion show during the Milan Womenswear Spring/Summer 2025
Models strut their stuff on the Diesel runaway, wearing creations of the SS/25 collection

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group