By SHARON MAI FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  01:44, 19 August 2024   |  Updated:  02:23, 19 August 2024   
 27
View  comments
Kim Kardashian's daughter, North West, took part in some viral TikTok trends with one of her favorite influencers over the weekend.
The 11-year-old preteen filmed three clips with popular Twitch streamer Tylil James, 24, at Sei Less, a popular Asian fusion restaurant in New York City.
The eldest daughter of Kardashian, 43, and Kanye West, 47, was grabbing a bite at the hotspot with her mother's close friend, La La Anthony, when they reportedly ran into James.
At the restaurant, they were seen dancing to a song from North's dad, West's Violent Crimes, as well as participating in the 'Give Me My Money' TikTok trend.
North's outing comes days after she showed off her chic style, nearly overshadowing her mom, as they headed out for dinner at The Polo Club in New York City. 
Kim Kardashian's daughter, North West, took part in some viral TikTok trends with one of her favorite influencers over the weekend. The 11-year-old preteen filmed three clips with popular Twitch streamer Tylil James, 24, at Sei Less, a popular Asian fusion restaurant in New York City
The eldest daughter of Kardashian, 43, and Kanye West, 47, was grabbing a bite at the hotspot with her mother's close friend, La La Anthony, when they reportedly ran into James
On Saturday evening, James — who was reportedly having dinner with rapper Rubi Rose, eyewitnesses told TMZ — shared the clips on Instagram following their encounter.
North is said to be a huge fan of the popular streamer and had a big smile on her face as they filmed multiple fun videos together.
In one video, the young preteen — who wore the same oversize, fur trapper hat from last Thursday's late night outing with her mom in the Big Apple — kicked off the video with their take on the 'Give Me My Money' TikTok trend.
James followed suit in the trend, reciting the same line as others repeated after him in increasingly funny voices and they all clapped for each other. 
At the end of the video, La La was a good sport as the butt of the joke when she recited the same line, but the punchline was that she only received silence.
For their TikTok filming session and dinner out in the city, North wore a bright red jersey layered over a light blue, pinstriped button down. 
She also appeared to be rocking a long, French manicure, and her wrists were blinged out with stacks of shiny, sparkling bracelets. 
Proving she is the daughter of two style icons, she sported baggy denim cargo shorts and high-top, black-and-white sneakers. 
At the restaurant, they filmed themselves participating in the 'Give Me My Money' TikTok trend. Kardashian was not seen during their outing as North appeared to be just spending time with her mom's close friend La La Anthony
On Saturday evening, James — who was reportedly having dinner with rapper Rubi Rose, eyewitnesses told TMZ — shared the clips on Instagram following their encounter
They also recorded two videos of themselves dancing to a song from North's dad, West's Violent Crimes. They mirrored each other's moves as they moved to the beat of the song
For their TikTok filming session and dinner out in the city, North wore a bright red jersey layered over a light blue, pinstriped button down. She also appeared to be rocking a long, French manicure, and her wrists were blinged out with stacks of shiny, sparkling bracelets
North looked ecstatic to be meeting and hanging out with James, who also goes by the nickname TyTy. 
The social media star, who has 192k followers on Twitch, is also a popular TikTok personality and has 1.2 million fans on the platform.
One of his most popular posts was a parody video of Will Smith slapping Chris Rock at the Academy Awards. 
It has been heard that North is a big fan of his TikTok skits and funny videos. 
Their eldest child of Kardashian and West has shown that she will be a future trendsetter like her parents as she routinely films TikTok videos and partakes in viral trends on the social media page she co-owns with her mom.
In addition to North, Kardashian and West are also parents to Saint, eight, Chicago, six, and Psalm, five.
The media personality and the Grammy-winning rapper welcomed the four kids during their marriage before they split in 2021 and their divorce was finalized in 2022.
Last week, before their mother-daughter dinner date in the city, North also got her mother involved with another TikTok trend as they danced to Charli XCX's Apple in their hotel room. 
- 
North was out at dinner with La La Anthony, the ex-wife of NBA legend Carmelo Anthony and the close friend of the Kardashian sisters; seen in December 2022
The duo reportedly met at a group dinner in 2009 and have been close ever since; seen in 2019
Their New York City outings comes as Kardashian traveled to the city for an appearance on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon. 
On the late night talk show, the reality TV personality opened up about her relationship status.
She also revealed that her children frequently try to set her up on dates, but she doesn't feel ready to get back into the dating scene. 
During her appearance, she was quizzed about her love life by Fallon. 
'What's going on with the love scene? Are you seeing anyone?,' he bluntly asked after talking to Kardashian about her blossoming acting career. 
'Oh, I thought you meant like a love scene in a show,' Kardashian said to laughter from the studio audience in New York City. 
'No,' she added. 'You're not? Single?,' Jimmy said. 'Yeah,' Kim confirmed. 'It's so funny because my kids try to set me up, like they're ready now, and I'm not.
'They're so particular, like they come home, they make lists. Saint wants me to be with like any basketball player or soccer player. And I'm like, ''If you only knew'',' she said while covering her mouth and talking to the side. 
'It's no. No, no,' said Kardashian, who was married to former pro basketball player Kris Humphries, 39, for 72 days in 2011.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have been moderated in advance.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group