Going Out | Clubbing
Sign up for our expert view on everything that’s worth eating, drinking and queuing for in London
I would like to be emailed about offers, event and updates from Evening Standard. Read our privacy notice.
There are two types of people in the world: the ones that have their lives together and plan their New Year’s Eve weeks (or even months) in advance, and then the rest of us. 
Swanky dinner parties, low-key get-togethers, family firework displays or a good old night out? This year, it feels like just about every club in the capital is kissing farewell to 2024 in some way or another, which doesn’t make deciding on how to spend the last evening of the year any easier. 
Parties at some of London’s best spots – like Jumbi in Peckham – have already sold out, but luckily for you, we’ve trawled through what’s left of the city’s club nights to handpick the best New Year’s Eve parties on offer.
Every expert clubber knows about Fold – it's regularly named as one of London’s finest thanks to its 24-hour license, famous Sunday party, smartphone camera ban and, ultimately, for being a playground for some of the most exceptional techno talent around. On New Year’s Eve, the Canning Town nightclub welcomes Australian DJ Mall Grab, whose nostalgic brand of the genre references everything from hardcore and hip-hop to punk and pop. Fresh from a summer playing at Coachella and Charli XCX’s viral Ibiza Boiler Room party, tickets for the lo-fi house MVP’s Fold takeover have already sold out, but you can (and should) join the waiting list for a ticket on DICE. 
Ready to fly your funk flag this New Year’s Eve? Then Kings Cross’ Lafayette, sister of London Bridge’s Omeara, is the place for you. Promoter Fever 105 has enlisted an army of funk, house and disco crusaders – Dimitri from Paris, Bill Brewster and Colleen ‘Cosmo’ Murphy to name a few – for an evening of vintage dancefloor gems. 
Alongside the area’s historic markets and, of course, the Windmill, there’s another shining star in Brixton: Phonox. Like all great nightclubs, the intimate, no-frills vibe here (except for its huge disco ball) means ravers can focus on what matters, the music – which ranges from drum and bass to grime and electronica on any given evening of the week. In the last year alone Sofia Kourtesis, Mano Le Tough and Hunee have all held residencies here – but New Year’s Eve marks the return of 2021 resident Shanti Celeste, whose penchant for atmospheric techno, house and ambient music will take over for a six-hour set. 
To close out the year, famed venue The Cause – the second iteration of which found its home in an old Docklands Guinness factory earlier this year – will serve up something for everyone. “We’ve been working hard to pull together a crew of crews that have been instrumental in providing the ink that has written the story of London’s nightlife over the last quarter century,” the description of its Close Quarters New Year’s Eve party reads – and the jampacked line-up is proof they’ve succeeded. Techno, grime, nu-rave, hip-hop, rap, electro – you name it, the likes of Erol Alkan, Elijah & Skilliam and Luke Solomon will be playing it from 2pm until 6am. 
While genre-bending Young Marco has made a name for himself remixing Chicane and Robyn, Paul Woolford has put his house spin on tracks by Dua Lipa, Disclosure and Alison Goldfrapp. Both DJs will be spending New Year’s Eve behind the decks of Troxy’s mega Cirque Du Soul bash, which, aside from brilliant dance music, promises its guests immersive special effects, high-calibre production and performers and special giveaways.
A list of London’s New Year’s Eve club events is never complete without a mention of Fabric. This year, New Zealand-born brothers Ben and Louis Helliker-Hales – better known as Chaos in the CBD – descend on the Farringdon favourite with their jazz-imbued style of house and techno. They’ll be joined by Berghain resident Ben Klock and the global tunes of Gabrielle Kwarteng, but you’ll have to snap up a ticket soon – they are close to selling out. 
MORE ABOUT
Have your say...
1
World
US pulls out of formal peace talks between Ukraine and Russia
US pulls out of formal peace talks between Ukraine and Russia
2
UK
Anger grows towards Prince Harry for saying ‘I don’t know how much longer’ King Charles has to live
Anger at Prince Harry for speculating about how long King has to live
3
Politics
Reform's Andrea Jenkyns storms out of TV interview as she's grilled on comment about rival's 'South African accent'
Reform's Andrea Jenkyns storms out of TV interview in 'accent' row
4
Music
Billy Bragg says open letter from music stars defending Kneecap ‘lacks nuance’
Billy Bragg says open letter from music stars defending Kneecap ‘lacks nuance’
5
Film
Most disturbing film trailer in years leaves fans 'unable to sleep' after late-night viewing
Most disturbing film trailer in years is leaving fans unable to sleep