Throughout the start of 2024, Adidas Samba trainers were everywhere — from social media to the high street, and on the feet of fashion’s biggest tastemakers.
But as we’ve seen before in the trend cycle, what goes up must come down. And Samba over-saturation (including Rishi Sunak sporting a pair during an Instagram interview) has led the industry to seek out a new staple style.
Enter Nike Shox, which have been spotted on the likes of Charli XCX, Hailey Bieber, Bella Hadid and Dua Lipa, prompting Vogue to hail them as the latest ‘anti-samba It-trainer’ that ‘all the cool girls are wearing’.
With flexible columns and moderator plates that create a slightly raised heel – designed to deflect force and absorb impact – they cut a distinctive silhouette. 
Nike Shox also feature moulded plastic cage overlays across the midfoot along with the brand’s iconic swoosh logo, adding to the futuristic look that has cemented their cult status among sneakerheads and Y2K enthusiasts alike.
Available in a range of colourways, bold, gradient hues like the Sunrise (which looks like if a monarch butterfly and a pair of shoes had a baby) are proving popular, and the all-black Shox TL with metallic hematite, priced at £154.99, is a constant sell-out.
Meanwhile, the ‘wonderfully weird’ MR4 mule – created in collaboration with British-Jamaican designer Martine Rose and the height of style for Spring/Summer 2024 Fashion Week attendees – is so coveted it can command upwards of £1,000 on resale platforms.
Contrary to the hype though, many shoppers aren’t convinced. 
Despite being the new kid on the block when it comes to the fashion set, they’ve actually been around since 2000. The first iteration of Shox were targeted towards runners, but when the TL was released in 2003, they were a controversial choice.
They are so ugly! #sneaker #nike #snkrs #ugly
On X, @yung_d3mz said ‘When I had Nike Shox as a kid they made fun of me’, while @agostinhozinga called the OG version, ‘a preposterously monstrous and objectively ugly sneaker.’
TikToker @elliott6990 shared his thoughts under a video about the trend, writing: ‘Why do people rate these? Just look tapped to me.’
And over on Reddit, @jojow77 said: ‘These were ugly then and they’re ugly now.’
It’s safe to say, Shox aren’t everybody’s cup of tea. Yet given how quickly Sambas came in and out of favour because of their universal appeal, that’s probably not such a bad thing.
Do you have a story to share?
Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk.
Arrow
MORE: Billionaire owner of Mango fashion chain dies in mountain accident
Arrow
MORE: We’ve found the most stunning natural engagement rings on Etsy (and they’re impossible to say no to)
Arrow
MORE: The ultimate guide to party season underwear – every undergarment you’ll need for your festive outfits
Sign up for your retail fix with exclusive discounts, sales and product reviews.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Your information will be used in line with our Privacy Policy
Sign up for your retail fix with exclusive discounts, sales and product reviews.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Your information will be used in line with our Privacy Policy