Billie Eilish’s “Hit Me Hard and Soft” tour with guests Nat and Alex Wolff is coming to Little Caesars Arena in Detroit, Michigan on Monday, and last-minute tickets are still available.
Shop concert tickets on Vivid Seats, SeatGeek, and StubHub.
Billie Eilish in concert on her "Happier Than Ever, The World Tour." (Photo by by Matt Smith | NJ Advance Media)
Oscar and multiple Grammy-winning alternative pop star Billie Eilish is bringing the “Hit Me Hard and Soft” tour to Michigan early next week. The route, which just got started on September 29, comes in support of Eilish’s latest album release, also called “Hit Me Hard and Soft,” and continues through July 2025. Before coming to Detroit on October 7, the tour is still to stop in Baltimore and Philadelphia, eventually going on to venues in Boston, New York, Chicago, Seattle, and more.
Some early favorites from the new record release include “BIRDS OF A FEATHER,” “WILDFLOWER,” and “LUNCH.” The tracks join existing Billie Eilish hits like “bad guy,” “Happier Than Ever,” and “What Was I Made For?” the last of which was written for the 2023 “Barbie” blockbuster. The star was also recently featured on a Charli XCX remix, “Guess featuring Billie Eilish.”
See Billie Eilish live at Little Caesars Arena in Detroit, Michigan on Monday, October 7 — starting ticket prices listed below.
Tickets: Vivid Seats from $221 | SeatGeek from $224 | StubHub from $254
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices