Biden HQ's X account shifted to Kamala HQ after Joe Biden bowed out of the race — and, yes, the campaign is officially bumpin' that.
 Some might say that the political arena is rotten right to the core (from all the things passed down from all the apples coming before), but Vice President Kamala Harris' official campaign page has injected some refreshing greenery — literally — into the 2024 presidential race after adopting the lime-hued aesthetic of pop star Charli XCX's viral Brat album cycle.

 Hours after President Joe Biden, 81, dropped out of the election cycle Sunday and endorsed 59-year-old Harris to take his place on the Democratic ticket, Biden's rapid response social media page (previously named Biden HQ) transformed into the official Kamala HQ account — with a visual theme drawing inspiration from Brat.

 Entertainment Weekly confirmed with campaign officials that Kamala HQ is the "same page, rebranded" and tailored to Harris' campaign, complete with a neon-green header image that reads "kamala hq" in crude lowercase font, mirroring the design of Charli's Brat album cover.

Slaven Vlasic/Getty; Gregg DeGuire/Billboard via Getty
 In the wake of Biden's endorsement of Harris, Charli joined a growing number of celebrities voicing support for Harris' standing in the race against Republican nominee Donald Trump.

 "kamala IS brat," the 31-year-old "Girl, So Confusing" performer shared Sunday night on X, intentionally lower-casing Harris' first name in the vein of Brat.

 Harris' campaign leaned into the Brat theme amid the politician's growing popularity among younger demographics, thanks in part to the viral meme-ification of a May 2023 speech in which Harris told a story about her mother playfully asking if she thought she "fell out of a coconut tree" as a child.

 During the spread of Harris memes related to the coconut tree speech, many social media users also began editing a clip of Harris' signature laugh (also lifted from the same speech) into a range of pop songs that also featured their respective artists' laughter.

Kamala HQ/X
 Singer-songwriter Kesha acknowledged the trend over the weekend, sharing a TikTok video of herself grooving to an edit of Harris giggling over the opening of her 2011 single "Blow."

 Elsewhere, other celebrities both praised Biden for dropping out of the race and similarly celebrated the likely rise of Harris.

 Sign up for Entertainment Weekly's free daily newsletter to get breaking TV news, exclusive first looks, recaps, reviews, interviews with your favorite stars, and more.

 "Joe Biden will go down in history as a man who accomplished significant achievements in his 4 year term. We should be grateful for his upholding of our democracy," Barbra Streisand wrote on X, while Oscar-winning actress Jamie Lee Curtis shared an impassioned Instagram post, reading: "I support wholeheartedly @joebiden and his decision to step down and to endorse unreservedly @kamalaharris. SHE IS TRUSTED AND TESTED and she is a fierce advocate for women's rights and people of color and her message is one of HOPE and UNITY for America at her time of great national divide."

 Stars who've shown support for Trump include model Amber Rose, reality star Savannah Chrisley, and Hulk Hogan — all of whom spoke last week at the Republican National Convention.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)