Kim Gordon exists in dualities — aloof and immediate, transgressive and futuristic, industrial and organic. The bassist/vocalist of seminal band Sonic Youth secured her own relevance years ago in side projects like The Harry Crews and Free Kitten. Within The Collective, her second solo album, she again collaborates with  producer Justin Raisen (John Cale, Charli XCX, Yeah Yeah Yeahs) who creates the tracks' decayed trap beats which are abrasive, dissenting, and raw. Imagine the distorted bass of a passing can-mufflered Honda shaking your windows. They isolate and overwhelm. Yet Gordon's vocals drone and soothe. Her voice is iconic and provocative. She utilizes observations and list-making in lieu of traditional lyrics as in "Bye Bye." The difficulty has alway been in distinguishing if Gordon embraces popular trends or creates parodies of them. She is vulgar and esoteric — the rainbow in the pool of spilt motor oil. "Treehouse" invokes the sparse ghosts of Martin Rev and Alan Vega. "The Believers" multi-tracking harkens back to Wax Trax artists like Jim Thurwell. Overall, this release swings between creative hip-hop like Company Flow and back to the tribal feel of her own "Burning Spear." This album is definitely not vanilla, but highly enjoyable for all who can take it.

Today
Tomorrow
This Weekend


Submit Your Event
         
        View Calendar


					Help keep journalism in Erie, PA alive by making a 
					contribution to the Erie Reader.
				

					You can't put a price on critical local journalism, that's 
					why the Reader has always been free. Over the past ten years 
					we've been able to grow into Erie's only local source for news, 
					arts, and culture, and the role we play in the community has 
					never been more important as it is today. The need for quality 
					local coverage is greater than ever before, and we're asking 
					for your help.
				

					The Erie Reader is completely free to access online and read in 
					print. Will you consider a voluntary donation to help sustain 
					our operation and continue providing free access to great local 
					journalism to everyone?
				

Thank you for your support!


« Back to Selection


Thank you for your support of local journalism!


					Don't forget to sign up for the Erie Reader newsletter.
				

Close Window