British stars Charli XCX, Raye and Dua Lipa will be among the artists battling it out at the MTV Europe Music Awards (EMAs) ceremony in Manchester, where Pet Shop Boys will also receive an honour.
The star-studded event, held in a different European city every year, will be hosted by Manchester’s Co-op Live arena on Sunday night with performances from Shawn Mendes, Teddy Swims and Benson Boone.
Pop star Rita Ora will host the awards, where synth pop duo Pet Shop Boys will receive the first MTV EMA pop pioneers award and hip hop star Busta Rhymes will be honoured with the global icon award.
The ceremony is returning for the first time since 2022, after last year’s event was cancelled over the “volatility of world events” following the outbreak of the Israel-Hamas war.
The awards will be presented by celebrities including mother and daughter musicians Neneh Cherry and Mabel and Bush frontman Gavin Rossdale as well as actors Aaron Taylor-Johnson, Jodie Turner-Smith and Lucien Laviscount.
US pop star Taylor Swift is leading the pack with nominations in seven categories, including best video, best artist, best live and best collaboration.
British star Charli XCX is close behind with five nominations, after her album inspired this year’s Brat summer trend.
The singer-songwriter is in the running for awards including best collaboration, for Guess featuring Billie Eilish, best video and biggest fans.
Raye, who is nominated in three categories, is due to perform at the event.
She appears alongside Eilish, Swift, Beyonce, Sabrina Carpenter and Post Malone in the best artist category.
Also nominated for awards are pop star Dua Lipa, British rapper Central Cee and Oasis frontman Liam Gallagher, who is up against the likes of Coldplay, Bon Jovi and Lenny Kravitz in the best rock act category.
Fontaines DC, Yungblud and Hozier are in with a chance of winning the best alternative award, while Calvin Harris and Fred Again.. are among the nominees for best electronic.
Manchester’s Co-op Live arena was announced as the venue for the awards in February, although a catalogue of problems meant the new venue’s opening was delayed from April until May.
Music fans from community groups in the region were given the opportunity to get tickets for the awards at a Superfan Sign-Up held last month.
An MTV Music Week has been held in Manchester to coincide with the awards, which has seen performances held at various venues across the city.
The 2024 MTV EMAs will be broadcast at 9pm on Sunday on MTV UK and Pluto TV, at 10pm on Channel 5, and will be available on demand on Paramount+ from November 12.

                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.