The English singer-songwriter says she isn't sure if the pop star — who previously shut down the rumors — was "part of the process."
Jessica is a staff writer at Entertainment Weekly, where she covers TV, movies, and pop culture. Her work has appeared in Bustle, NYLON, Cosmopolitan, InStyle, and more. She lives in California with her dog.
 Charli XCX continues to work, b----.

 The English singer-songwriter confirmed rumors from earlier this year that she worked on music for a potential new Britney Spears album. Whether the pop star — who previously shut down the rumors on social media — was aware remains up in the air.

 During an appearance on Watch What Happens Live on Monday, Charli reluctantly confirmed the rumor when prodded by a caller. "Um, so. Well, yes, but, it leaked to the press," Charli said. "Britney then did this post where she was like, 'I don't have random people write for me.' I was like, okay, go off! So I don't know that she was part of the process."

 "Maybe her team was looking for—" host Andy Cohen interjected.

 "Her team was running before they could walk," Charli said. "Britney probably has a load of other projects that she's focusing on. So I did get asked but I don't know if it's like, real."

 "Let me ask you this: did you write anything in the hopes of her recording it?" Cohen asked.

 "Of course," Charli said. "I went to Malibu and I wrote. You always write songs hoping Britney's going to record them ... but you know, she didn't record it." The singer said she hoped Spears would record the tracks. "I love her. It would be a dream come true."

Rich Fury/Getty; Tim Mosenfelder/Getty
 Entertainment Weekly has reached out to Spears' reps for comment.

 Various outlets reported earlier this year about a Spears comeback album post-conservatorship that featured collaborators Charli XCX and Julia Michaels. Spears denied the reports about "turning to random people to do a new album" and emphasized that she would "never return to the music industry" — a sentiment also shared in her 2023 memoir The Woman in Me. But according to Rolling Stone, Spears' record label is "trying to get her excited about music" again in the hopes that she'll return. "As of right now, she’s not actively in recording, but they’re getting [songs] done to present to her,” a source told the music magazine.

 Of Spears' comment about "randoms," Cohen assured Charli, "Maybe she wasn't talking about you. Could be someone else. There's a lot of randos in the world. News flash, you ain't random."

 Watch more from Cohen and Charli in the video above.

 Sign up for Entertainment Weekly's free daily newsletter to get breaking TV news, exclusive first looks, recaps, reviews, interviews with your favorite stars, and more.

 Related content:

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)