The movie is set to be released early next year
The first trailer for A24’s Death Of A Unicorn, the upcoming black comedy, has dropped, and it shows Paul Rudd and Jenna Ortega as a father and daughter who accidentally kill a unicorn. Watch it below.
In the trailer, we see the titular unicorn’s death, as well as the lengths Rudd’s Elliot and Ortega’s Ridley go to in order to cover up the accident. Eventually, the pair realize that the blood of the unicorn, as well as the shavings from its horn, can cure cancer.
The official synopsis of the film tells us: “A father (Rudd) and daughter (Ortega) accidentally hit and kill a unicorn while en route to a weekend retreat, where his billionaire boss (Richard E. Grant) seeks to exploit the creature’s miraculous curative properties.”
Joining Rudd, Ortega and Grant in the comedy, scheduled to be released early next year, are Téa Leoni, Will Poulter, Anthony Carrigan, Sunita Mani, Jessica Hynes, and Steve Park. The movie is Alex Scharfman’s directorial debut too – he’s previously worked as a producer on Blow The Man Down and Resurrection.
Meanwhile, Halloween‘s John Carpenter worked on the soundtrack alongside his son Cody Carpenter, and Daniel Davies.
Filming for the movie began in Hungary last July, and continued through the SAG-AFTRA strike after it was granted a waiver.
As well as her turn in Death Of A Unicorn, Ortega is set to appear in Cathy Yan’s The Gallerist alongside Charli XCX, Natalie Portman and Catherine Zeta-Jones.
The movie follows a desperate gallerist who conspires to sell a dead body at Art Basel Miami. It’s currently in pre-production, and is set to shoot at the end of this year.
Ortega also starred in Beetlejuice Beetlejuice this autumn, and the movie received a four-star review from NME. It read: “This film has its flaws, not least some unnecessary CGI sandworms that clash with the kitsch practical effects elsewhere, but its sense of fun never lets up. It’s silly, giddy and a little bit disgusting – just what we want from Beetlejuice.”
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.