Matty Healy's heartbeat is comin' in so strong.
After all, The 1975 frontman is engaged to Gabriella "Gabbriette" Bechtel nine months after going public with their relationship, the model announced June 11 while attending friend Charli XCX's concert in Brooklyn.
Gabbriette shared a snap of her tattooed hand sporting a custom black diamond ring adorned by small diamonds around the stone and band alongside a cheeky reference to Charli's newest album. As she wrote on her Instagram Stories, which Matty also reposted, "MARRYING THE 1975 IS VERY BRAT." 
And it's no surprise the Nasty Cherry member showed off her ring at her fellow band member's concert, especially since her longtime friend had recently gotten engaged to The 1975's drummer George Daniel. In another photo, Gabbriette took a mirror selfie pointing her ring finger up, displaying the jewelry.
Matty's mom Denise Welch also confirmed the news and couldn't help but gush over the couple's latest milestone.
"I have known for a few weeks that Matty got engaged," she explained on her show Loose Women June 12. "They went over to see their friends Charli and George in New York, I woke up this morning to the fact that they've put it on Instagram! Instagram official!"
"Black diamond," Denise noted of the ring. "He had it made for her, and I couldn't be more thrilled. She's absolutely gorgeous. We couldn't be happier—she's everything that I would want in a daughter-in-law, so I'm thrilled."
Gabbriette, 26, and Matty, 32, first sparked romance rumors in late 2023, months after his split from Taylor Swift, when photographers spotted the pair kissing in New York City. Although the pair had tried connecting for four years, Gabbriette told Homme Girls in April that it was love at first sight. As she put it, "He came to L.A., and we've been in love ever since."
But Matty isn't the only one who couldn't be more in love. Keep reading to see which stars got engaged so far this year.
MrBeast & Thea Booysen
The YouTuber (real name Jimmy Donaldson), known for his large-scale and flashy videos, proposed to his girlfriend of two years on Christmas Day 2024 in an intimate moment surrounded by family.
Tallulah Willis & Justin Acee
Bruce Willis and Demi Moore's daughter announced her engagement to the musician on Dec. 23, sharing photos and video from the proposal—which included a pathway of rose petals and candles—as well as a glimpse of her diamond-studded engagement band. 
Vanessa Morgan & James Karnik
Five months after giving birth to her baby girl Kaia, the Riverdale alum was surprised with a 4.64-carat engagement ring.
Brooks Laich & Katrín Tanja Davíðsdóttir
The former hockey player and the CrossFit athlete got engaged on Dec. 16, but didn't announce the happy news until after Christmas.
Selena Gomez & Benny Blanco
There was only love in the building when the "Good for You" singer got engaged to the music producer. The couple announced the news Dec. 10 after one year of dating, with Selena captioning photos of herself wearing a marquise-cut diamond ring, "Forever begins now."
Paris Jackson & Justin Long
Michael Jackson's daughter had a thriller night at New York Café in Budapest when her bandmate popped the question. Sharing a photo of the proposal, she wrote on Instagram Dec. 6, "thank you for letting me be yours. i love you."
Drew Taggart & Marianne Fonseca
The Chainsmokers member confirmed his engagement to the model in December after a year of dating, writing on Instagram alongside a ring emoji, "HELL YEA!!"
Hailee Steinfeld & Josh Allen
The Pitch Perfect 2 actress will make an aca-awesome bride after getting engaged to the Buffalo Bills player on Nov. 22. The two announced the happy news Nov. 29, sharing photos of Josh down one knee in front of an arch of pink flowers.
Eric Murphy & Jasmin Lawrence
Eddie Murphy's son proposed to Martin Lawrence's daughter Nov. 27, more than three years after they went public with their relationship.
"11.27.2024 We’re engaged!!" Jasmin wrote on an Instagram post shared on her and her fiancé's pages, including a video of his proposal. "God truly blessed us with a love that feels like destiny. We couldn’t be more excited for this next chapter. Special thank you to everyone who made this moment so beautiful!!"
Cassie Randolph & Brighton Reinhardt
The Bachelor Nation star is getting her fairytale ending after the musician, who she started dating in 2021, proposed with a 5-carat cushion-cut diamond ring on Nov. 25.
Jon Gosselin & Stephanie Lebo
It's now Jon and Steph plus engagement ring! The former TLC star popped the question to his girlfriend of three years on Nov. 23 at a Pennsylvania restaurant.
Jonathan Majors & Meagan Good
The Marvel alum and the Think Like a Man actress announced their engagement Nov. 17 at the EBONY Power 100 Gala in Los Angeles.
"EBONY Power 100 is the event that we met at in the bathrooms," Meagan told E! News of their first encounter two years ago, "in the unisex bathroom."
Alexia Umansky & Jake Zingerman
Kyle Richards and Mauricio Umansky's daughter announced her engagement to her boyfriend of five years on Nov. 7. 
John Patrick Amedori & Annika Noelle
The Butterfly Effect actor proposed to the soap star in October. "He planned the entire day, full of activites that reflected the journey of our relationship thus far," she told People the following month. "From the experiences, to the food, to the music, it was incredibly thoughful and personal to us."
Nina Dobrev & Shaun White
The Vampire Diaries alum shared her engagement to the former Olympic snowboarder on Oct. 30. She made the announcement on Instagram, joking, "RIP boyfriend, hello fiancé."
Dorothy Wang & Brandon Yankowitz
The Bling Empire star got engaged to the attorney on Oct. 17, almost two years after their first meeting. As Dorothy put it, "It’s been the happiest time of my life ever after."
Amanda Marie Miller & JJ Mizel
The Siesta Key Star announed on Oct. 25 that she and Mizell were engaged. "My forever, always. Soon to be the Mizell's," she wrote in an Instagram post alongside a heart and right emoji.
Dak Prescott & Sarah Jane Ramos
The Dallas Cowboys quarterback announced on social media Oct. 18 that he proposed with the help from their daughter, MJ. The couple's baby wore a onesie that read, "Hi mommy, daddy has a question for you!" when Dak got down on one knee.
Blake Horstmann & Giannina Gibelli
The Bachelorette alum proposed to the Love Is Blind season one star in October, seven months after they welcomed their first child, son Heath Orion Horstmann.
Blac Chyna & Derrick Milano
The reality star got engaged after her singer-songwriter boyfriend popped the question onstage at a Howard University homecoming celebration Oct. 18.
"Angela Renee White, I can go on and on about how much you mean the world to me & never get tired of it," Derrick later wrote in an Instagram post addressed to Chyna, referring to her birth name. "Everyday with you feels everlasting & it is such a blessing to call you my fiancée. I love you so much!"
Chyna replied in the comments, " love you soooo much Derrick. I can’t wait to live this life with you."
Carly Waddell & Todd Allen Trassler
The Bachelor Nation star was surprised with a moi-et-toi engagement ring from James Allen during a family vacation in October. As seen in video shared on social media, her lawyer boyfriend got down on one knee during a beach outing with her kids Bella and Charlie, who she shares with ex Evan Bass.
"Here’s to a new chapter with my dream man," Carly wrote on Instagram, "and then dream ring he put on my left hand."
Junelle Bromfield & Noah Lyles
The Olympians got engaged in October, with Noah popping the question in front of an extravagent nighttime display featuring candles, sparklers, rose and a neon sign reading, “Will you marry me?"
Halsey & Avan Jogia
Who's bad at love? Not the "Graveyard" singer, who confirmed her engagement to the Victorious actor on Sept. 12 after two months of speculation.
In response to a social media post calling Avan their boyfriend, Halsey wrote, "***fiancé."
Rodrigo Reyes & Tyler Dugas
The longtime Southern Charm star proposed to his boyfriend in Santorini, Greece in August after nine years of dating.
Holly Ramsay & Adam Peaty
Gordon Ramsay's daughter is getting married! She announced her engagement to the Olympic swimmer on Sept. 12.
Kristen Doute & Luke Broderick
Raise a glass to the Vanderpump Rules alum, who got engaged to her boyfriend of nearly two years after a sunset proposal on a boat.
"I’m wrapped around your finger like this ring i’m wearing," she wrote on Instagram Sept. 6. "out of the all the fish in the sea, you chose me."
Yolanda Hadid & Joseph Jingoli
Gigi Hadid and Bella Hadid's mom got her diamond. After all, the Real Housewives of Beverly Hills alum's partner of six years was referred to as her "fiancé" in an Architectural Digest profile published on Aug. 29 about their Texas ranch.
Jennifer Meyer & Geoffrey Ogunlesi
The jewelry designer—who was previously married to Spider-Man star Tobey Maguire—shared the exciting news about her and the billionaire lawyer on Instagram Aug. 31, simply captioning a photo of her new ring, "YES!!!" 
Justin Theroux & Nicole Brydon Bloom
The Leftovers alum and the Gilded Age actress hard launched their engagement at the Venice Film Festival on Aug. 28, with Nicole flashing a 4-carat, emerald cut diamond ring at the Beetlejuice Beetlejuice premiere.
Jason Duggar & Maddie Grace
For those counting on a Duggar wedding, you're in luck! The 12th oldest child of 19 Kids and Counting's Jim Bob Duggar and Michelle Duggar got engaged on Aug. 24.
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.