RENO, Nev. (KOLO) - The most divisive, yet highly popular social media platform is shaping up to be one of the biggest factors in the upcoming presidential race.
When examining the culture of TikTok, the key is to think differently about what political expression looks like. Within this satirical dreamscape, young people discuss politics. In recent months, US presidential candidates Donald Trump and Kamala Harris have made prime content. For a candidate to win TikTok’s favor means a shot at winning over the youth vote. To do this, they must understand how young people make political content. Mayra Medina, the founder of Oui’d Marketing, explains that the app is raw with emotions, and is usually presented through another average person sharing their experience.
“Being able to have that engagement from across the country with people who you don’t know personally can expand different mentalities,” said Medina.
Quick rants and bursts of commentary from other people looking at you through the phone makes analysis and discussions feel more genuine and intimate. If political campaigns push content too hard, young people may feel coerced. The memes must be coming from young people so they feel as if they are in control. This mix up of politics and pop culture is now getting a younger generation more involved. In a recent study, 1/3 of TikTok users said they now used the platform to keep up with politics.
“I think political candidates who don’t get involved with social media in the long term are not going to do that well,” Medina said.
With over half of Gen Z being legal voting age, their voices are entering the political conversation. Apps like Instagram and Facebook make it easy to share content with your friends. TikTok, shares with anyone on the app, amplifying those voices to an extreme the other apps can’t.
“This is something we haven’t seen where someone who didn’t have an audience before can come in, state their opinion, and have millions of people view them,” said Medina.
Medina says this is good when it comes to being exposed to world views. However, TikTok’s algorithm will tend to show more content you like and interact with, creating an echo chamber.
“It makes people think their opinions are the popular opinions because they aren’t exposed to diverse group thinking,” said Medina.
Democratic candidate Kamala Harris, seems to understand the power of the video app better than most. After Biden dropped out, a new hysteria overtook the platform as democrats felt more hopeful. Things quickly exploded as popstar Charli XCX coined Kamala as “Brat.” Brat was the trend of the summer, named for Charli XCX’s new album of the same name.
Even Donald Trump, who flirted with a US ban on the Chinese owners of TikTok while president, has come out in favor of the popular phone app.
Some have found the pop culture politics mash up to be a breath of fresh air while others have found it to be disingenuous. Come November, its rise may suggest that virality and relatability can define an election for the first time.
Copyright 2024 KOLO. All rights reserved.