"I feel incredibly fortunate to feel a small part of a moment where queer voices are more visible and celebrated in pop culture," he tells Billboard. 

													By
												

	Stephen Daw

Pride Editor

	In the opening moments of his latest project, Troye Sivan makes it clear that his career would not be what it is today had it not been for the queer artists who came before him. “I’m definitely not fighting for my life on the street — I get to make music videos and I get to be true to who I am,” he said. “I do feel like I really carry that with me with kind of a sense of guilt because of how lucky I feel.”

	The acknowledgement comes from Sivan’s appearance on a new installation of the Audible original series Origins. Throughout the episode, Sivan dives deep into his personal backstory, examining key moments from his early life that helped foster his love of music today. In the process, he takes a look forward at where his career is headed — and what that means for music at large.

	










	Sivan isn’t the only artist taking a deep dive on the new series. With four episodes released on Thursday (Dec. 5), Origins also delves into the childhood stories of Victoria Monét, Kali Uchis and Dominic Fike.




			Trending on Billboard		






	Ahead of his appearance on the series, Billboard spoke with Sivan about the importance of acknowledging his queer forebearers, the “lightning in a bottle” feeling of his co-headlining Sweat Tour with Charli XCX and what’s giving him hope in dark times. 

You speak a bit in this episode about the queer artists and bits of pop culture who came before you that helped pave the way for your career. Why is it important for younger listeners to learn more about our queer elders?

	I feel that understanding the contributions of queer artists who came before us is vital. They navigated challenges we can’t even imagine, often at great personal risk, to express their truths and create art that resonated with their experiences. For me, it’s about honoring their legacy and understanding the cultural and historical context that shapes our present.

When you look at the very queer pop moment that we’re living in now, how do you acknowledge your place in pushing this genre forward?

	I feel incredibly fortunate to feel a small part of a moment where queer voices are more visible and celebrated in pop culture. My aim has always been to create authentic art that felt true and genuine to me. I’ve always felt that people are smart and in tune to what is real, which actually makes my job fairly easy — to listen to myself and to make something real to me, that I like, and that I am proud of.

	










You also speak in the episode about the internet as a place for you to explore your sexuality. Obviously, the internet has changed a lot, especially over the last few years. Do you find yourself worrying for the continued curation of those safe spaces online?

	I don’t know what I would have done without the internet — it has been a crucial platform for so many in the LGBTQ+ community to explore and express themselves. It’s changed a lot, and I think people always need to be weary and keep safety in mind, but I do also feel that there will always be those safe havens and communities online that foster a feeling of being seen and heard, if you know where to look.

We also get to hear you talk about the start of your acting career in the episode. Do you see yourself returning to acting any time soon, or are you more interested in focusing on your musical career?

	Acting has always been a passion of mine, and I cherish the opportunities I’ve had in that realm. While music remains my primary focus, I’m open to exploring acting projects that resonate with me and scare me. I feel lucky to be able to approach acting like this, as a passion, rather than a day job.

You wrapped up the Sweat Tour with Charli last month. How do you feel looking back now on that experience today in terms of the arc of your career?

	The Sweat Tour felt like lightning in a bottle. Reflecting on it, I already feel so nostalgic for it and see it as a bright highlight in my life. It spoke to all the things that feel so important to me — pop, community, collaboration, friendship. 

We’re living through some pretty scary times for queer and trans people around the world. What’s giving you hope about our collective future with everything going on?











	The resilience and solidarity within the queer and trans communities gives me hope. The same strength and resilience that’s got us to this point is present in our communities today.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.