Every item on this page was chosen by a Town & Country editor. We may earn commission on some of the items you choose to buy.
The trend of the season— with a T&C twist. 
You’ve heard it everywhere, from pop culture to politics: the brat revolution is underway. Charli XCX released her sixth studio album, “Brat” on June 6th, 2024 and the internet has been unable to stop talking about it since. So how does one have a brat summer?
Typically a word to describe a poorly behaved child, brat is often a word associated with being demanding or spoiled. But thanks to Charli XCX the word has an entirely new connotation. To be brat captures the complex nature of womanhood, often riddled with oxymorons and contradictions. It is to be indulgent and chaotic, authentic, messy, and earnest. The accompanying aesthetic, derived from the simple apple green album artwork with the word "brat" and nothing else, is gaining momentum and may very well be the defining trend of the summer—inside and outside of fashion circles.
Both the color and the brat culture are unapologetic and attention grabbing, so the way it informs your taste and style this summer should follow suit. Make a statement with the incorporation of the hue into your everyday wardrobe and lifestyle. Whether you have been having a brat summer from the beginning, or are just jumping on the train, here are 15 luxe pieces on the viral color, handpicked by our editors. Pro tip: If you're not ready to go all in, opt to flirt with the trend with an accessory that hits the mark.
This Silvia Tcherassi skirt will be sure to turn heads. With a flared silhouette and a subtle train, this skirt is the ideal blend of chic and party-girl. Pair it with our favorite white tank, a red lip, and a matching red sandal for a bright and bold look.
These Prada kitten mules are a fan favorite and offer an elevated take on the brat look. A chic square toe, geometric low heel, and a satin finish, you will certainly be able to hit the dance floor for the entire night in these shoes.
Handcrafted in green enamel-coated sterling silver, this Bea Bongiasca ring is both dainty and botanical. Inspired by a climbing baby vine, this piece will certainly be a conversation starter. If you’re hesitant to incorporate bright green into your wardrobe, this ring is the perfect place to start.
We love our Bottega Veneta and this bag is no exception. It is roomy enough to store all of your much needed essentials on a night out. French manicure and a bright green clutch is the Charli XCX approved look of the summer. 
These Pucci sunglasses will have you feeling like you are on vacation no matter when you wear them. The cat-eye shape is a chic look suited for any face shape, while the color makes them edgy and distinct. What more could you need to complete a look?
Add a fun flair to your home with these ornate floral dessert plates from Anthropologie. They are just the right amount of color for any table setting and quintessential for a dinner party. 
As per Charli XCX, everything is romantic, including this Francesca Miranda dress. The bright green contrasts the delicate silk chiffon in all of the right ways. Be the brattiest wedding guest of them all—why not?
Who says brat summer can’t also be infused into personal hygiene? This soap smells like our favorite forests, with notes of juniper, lavender, pine, and cedar wood. It is gentle and will leave your hands feeling moisturized no matter how many times you wash them.
This Sanderson Swallows Wallpaper is a romantic and dreamy addition to any home. Whether you are looking to add an accent wall or wallpaper a room in your home, look no further. The beloved bright green hue is more subtle. The artful movement of the swallows creates gentle movement and adds a bit of personality to any home. 
Shine bright with these gorgeous Pomellato hoops. Expertly made with rose gold and six peridot stones, these earrings will be sure to dress up any outfit. Bonus points if your birthday is in August —it's a great opportunity to sport your birthstone!
Are you an avid matcha lover? If you are, we have the perfect summer treat for you. LA-based chocolate brand, Compartés elevates the well-loved Oreo cookie by coating it in a delicious matcha chocolate. Truly the best of both worlds. Indulge in a delicious purchase for yourself or these limited edition treats make the sweetest of gifts. 
Add a bit of color to your traditional bag or simply to make a statement with this beaded shoulder strap. Simple and elegant, this chain is a refined approach to wearing the color of the summer.
This Christopher John Rogers jacquard blouse features a flattering  asymmetric, sleeveless silhouette. Playful yet sophisticated, this top does it all. Wear it with a mini skirt if you are hitting the town or with a trusty pair of blue jeans for the office.
Perfect for a person on the go, the Globe-Trotter suitcase is not only a carry-on, making it ideal for quick trips, but it is also sturdy. It is everything you could want from a suitcase. You will be sure to always spot your bag at the airport!
A signature Gucci bag gets a bratty twist this season. This shoulder bag features the classic gold buckle, an adjustable strap, and is the ideal size to become your new go-to. 
Brat summer doesn't need to end in August. Keep sporting our new favorite color with McQueen's cable knit sweater through the winter. Be sure to stay warm while turning heads wherever you go. 
Fun, flirty, and bratty, this strappy sandal elevates any look. These suede heels are sweet and cheeky, featuring a square toe and heart charms. A statement high heel is a must in any closet, and this pair from Jimmy Choo is no exception. 
For more than 170 years, Town & Country has been the trusted source for influence, taste, elegant living, and the finest things in life. We cover everything from the latest and greatest in beauty to luxury travel to the buzziest fashion trends of the season. All of our stories are thoroughly researched, tested, and vetted by T&C editors and industry experts.
Kiara Mastropasqua is a fashion assistant at Town & Country Magazine writing about fashion and lifestyle. Before T&C, she began at APPARIS as a Creative Coordinator, working under the Brand Manager and Creative Director. She has experience with styling, costume design, photography, and freelance writing for both publications as well as brands. She is fascinated by all things fashion, food, art, and culture. Graduating from Tufts University with a degree in English and Sociology, Kiara is a life-long learner striving to understand and connect with people through all mediums. 
Hannah Morrolf is the Fashion Assistant at Town & Country Magazine covering all things fashion & jewelry. She was previously at ELLE and W Magazine supporting the Fashion teams and all that goes into the magic of magazines.
Perfect Pair of Classic White Denim for Summer
The Resort Wear from ‘White Lotus’ I Wear in NYC
Gap’s Second Collection With Dôen Is Here
The Best Boat Shoes for Those Still on the Fence
The Weekly Covet: Mother's Day 2025 Gifts
An Elevated Leather Tote Perfect for Everywhere
A Clutch Our Editor in Chief Makes Plans Around
Splurge-Worthy Gifts for Women 
The Best Moments from Cruise 2026
The Best Barn Jackets to Wear This Season
The Best Sweaters to Layer Over Your Spring Looks
Shop Lilly Pulitzer x Saint James Breton Shirts
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.