Simply the best new dance tracks of the week. 

													By
												

	Billboard Staff


	This week in dance music: The 2024 Paralympics Closing Ceremony in Paris was a French electronic music extravaganza, we looked at why La Roux’s 2009 electro-pop classic “Bulletproof” is back on the Hot Dance/Electronic Songs chart, Meow Wolf Houston announced its opening date and radio-influenced theme, Richie Hawtin lamented how “the famous, most followed DJ’s of our scene failed us” when commenting on the closure of DJ profit sharing platform Aslice and the Association For Electronic Music announced a new campaign to help DJs get more visibility and profit when their music is posted to social media by other artists.

	












	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Ellie Goulding		
					






















	
		
					Four Tet		
					






















	
		
					Rufus Du Sol		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	Meanwhile, Michael Bibi gave a figuratively and literally big check to the hospital where he received cancer treatment via money raised by his comeback show, The World DanceSport Federation explained why Australian breakdancer Raygun is ranked No. 1 in the world, the annual dance music conference IMS announced that it’s expanding to Dubai in November, Nocturnal Wonderland 2024 was cancelled due to wildfires in Southern California and Charli XCX and Troye Sivan released a remix of “Talk Talk.”




			Trending on Billboard		






	That’s a lot — and there’s more! These are the best new dance tracks of the week.

Rüfüs du Sol, “Break My Love”

	Since rising out of their native Australia in the mid-2010s, Rüfüs du Sol has been a chief architect and arbiter of that late-nights-and-sunrises strain of dark, deep house-oriented electro house that’s come to soundtrack the Tulum-to-Ibiza-to-Burning Man circuit. (In fact, their track “On My Knees” won the best dance/electronic Grammy for it in 2022.) The group’s latest, “Break My Love,” is Rüfüs at their very best, with the song delivering that signature steamy, hypnotic, big rise and lush release vibe and coming with a video in which the guys flex their playful side by playing a trio of ’70s era secret agents plotting a heist. (Wait for the twist at the end.) 

	Following two recent singles, “Break My Love” also comes with news that the group will release their fifth studio album, Inhale/Exhale, on October 11, through their own Rose Avenue Records and Reprise. Ahead of that, they’ll headline San Francisco’s Portola Festival on September 28. — KATIE BAIN











Four Tet & Ellie Goulding, “In My Dreams”

Ellie Goulding has been swimming in the deep end of the electronic world lately, with her 2023 Calvin Harris trance collab “Miracle” and its recent followup, “Free.” Ever-agile, she now jumps over to the IDM side of the genre with “In My Dreams,” a collab with Four Tet. (Which itself follows their own 2020 single “Baby.”) The producer uses Goulding’s voice to thread the production together, weaving it like silk through his own propulsive and dichotomous distorted beats and glowing chimes. 

	The project, he writes, came about in late 2023, when “Ellie text[ed] me with a couple of voice notes for a song idea. Words and melodies she was singing into her phone and she asked me if I could use them to make something. She’s told me in the past she likes to send me vocals that I can just use as sound and turn into whatever I want (which is how the track ‘Bab’y happened a few years ago). I found other sounds to go with it and made ‘In My Dreams.’ She added some new vocal parts but we ended up keeping the voice note recordings as the main vocal. I guess the first take is often the most magical.” “In My Dreams” is out through Four Tet’s Text Records.

Anna Lunoe, “Pearl”

	An international DJ, radio host, podcaster, and producer with a discography dating back 12 years, Anna Lunoe’s résumé is so long that it’s hard to believe she’s never released an album. Somehow it’s true, but not for much longer: The Sydney-based artist has just announced her debut LP, Pearl, out October 25 on NLV Records, the label from her longtime friend Nina Las Vegas. Lunoe has also shared its title track, made with frequent partner Jack Glass of Bag Raiders. “Pearl” is dreamy and buoyant, rippling with luminescent synth arpeggios and a captivating vocal melody. Beneath that bubbly exterior, stomping drums and rave chords add a layer of toughness and urgency.

	










	“To me,” Lunoe says, “the sentiment in this song is about fighting for your spirit and creative force in a world that isn’t really designed for us to hold on to it. Sonically, this was an exercise in emotion and clarifying a feeling as opposed to straight up club tune-making – it’s more sincere than I’ve allowed myself to be publicly before, but those few who get to hear my scruffy demos know this Anna well.” — KRYSTAL RODRIGUEZ

Hayden James, We Could Be Love

	On his third album, We Could Be Love, Hayden James shows his continued prowess in blending emotive pop songwriting with club sounds. The deeply groovy “Patience,” which explores the cautious nature of relationships, delivers catharsis in its rolling apex; “Imagine” brims with hope atop swirling melodic techno and “All In” is a love rush wrapped in warm piano house. The producer even goes straight club on “The Pleasure,” a strutting tech-house track ready to be cued up on an Ibiza dance floor, but the featured vocalists (Shells, Karen Harding, AR/CO and many more) help give We Could Be Love its soul. James heads out on a North American tour later this month. — K.R.

Floating Points, Cascade

	Since his 2019 album Crush, Floating Points has followed inspiration across various genres and mediums, from collaboration with the late sax legend Pharoah Sanders on an album to scoring a ballet and forthcoming anime series. His new album, Cascade, marks a triumphant return to the dance floor. A collection of unconventional club bangers, it pulses with twitchy textures, glistening melodies, synth freak-outs and gravelly drums. Standout track “Afflecks Palace” is a descent into chaos, weaving through radar-like synths, ghostly croons, acid accents and vibrant string plucks. As everything converges into a dense, tangled mass, a stutter-step leads to a dizzying space rave. — K.R.











Kaleena Zanders & Tchami, “Daddy Keeps Calling”

	Ring, ring. Who’s on the line? It’s new-gen dance diva Kaleena Zanders (with Tchami joining on three-way) sharing a new single, “Daddy Keeps Calling.” The piano-house track surges with soulful energy, its gospel-choir harmonies, hand claps and enveloping organ chords a fitting soundtrack to Zanders’ celebration of club communion: “Ooh Lord, burning up, don’t save me ‘til I’ve had enough/ Red light pull me in, losing control on the floor again.” “Daddy Keeps Calling” is the pair’s second collaboration following this year’s “Giving Me Life,” and it will feature on Zanders’ newly announced Glorified EP, out October 18 via Helix Records.

	“When I wrote the lyrics to ‘Daddy Keeps Calling’ with prolific singer songwriter/producer/DJ Bright Lights, we knew it was a unique perspective on songs made for the dancefloor,” Zanders writes. “In our heads we imagined the dance floor being the dominant force in our lives that drives us to create dance music and the force that so many people gather around. With that said, in this case playing off of sensual role play Daddy is the dancefloor and the nucleus that binds us all.” — K.R.

FKA twigs, “Eusexua” 

	Have you experienced eusexua? That’s the question FKA twigs asked ahead of her new single “Eusexua.” twigs, who coined the term, describes eusexua as “momentary transcendence” and “the pinnacle of human experience” – and transcendent “Eusexua” is. It’s a rave lifted into the highest realms, with a sprawling soundscape of whirring trance synths and resonant piano keys that build to an ecstatic crescendo. Twigs’ vocals are as hauntingly angelic as ever, evoking a siren’s call in her pursuit of connection beyond this earthly plane. Co-produced with Koreless and Eartheater, “Eusexua” is the title track of her forthcoming album. “I moved to Prague a couple summers ago, fell in love with techno,” she told fans via Discord. “The album isn’t techno but the spirit is there fr.” — K.R.











WhoMadeWho, Kiss & Forget

	Today Danish trio WhoMadeWho release their eight (!) studio album, the promisingly titled Kiss & Forget. The projects opens with “Saturday Pt. 1” and “Saturday Pt. 2,” but it’s not the fist pumps and bangers mood those titles may conjure. Instead, single piano notes are paired with strings and a faraway synth altogether conjuring a feeling of distance and longing, mystery and depth. The two-plus minute “Pt. 1” then opens up to “Pt. 2,” on which a beat finally drops, with the guys  — Tomas Høffding, Tomas Barfod, and Jeppe Kjellberg  — layering in chimes and drum crashes and more strings then eventually kickdrum for a sound that, the older you get, the more you actually want your Saturdays to feel like. The rest of the 13-track album features collaborations with Ry X, Dutch titan Kölsch, Adriatique and Blue Hawaii. WhoMadeWho plays a pair of U.S. dates, in Boston and Los Angeles, later this month. — K.B.

Dan Ghenacia, “Rouge ou Noir”

	Does anybody remember laughter? Shake off all the ails you, if only for three minutes and 16 seconds, with this absolute party of a disco track by Parisian producer Dan Ghenacia. A spacey, synthy, sexy and simply funky swirl, “Rouge ou Noir” was recorded at Los Angeles’ StrataSonic, a record label and a private and state-of-the-art studios run by in-house producers and home to a mouthwatering assemblage of vintage gear and new tech, now open to service both emerging and veteran artists. Out via StrataSonic, “Rouge ou Noir” is the title track of the EP the song hails from, with the bubbly “Chilly” working as a slinky B-side. — K.B.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.