By 

	Tomás Mier


Charli XCX surprise-released a remix of Brat‘s “Girl, So Confusing,” her song dedicated to Lorde, alongside the “Supercut” singer herself.

	Earlier on Thursday, Charli used the now-coined Brat wall to announce the collaboration, by having a pair of painters write Lorde’s name on a white wall. To say the least: the girls and gays were gagged. After the announcement, Charli posted a snippet from the song to her private 360_brat page, where Lorde can be heard singing, “Well honestly, I was speechless when I woke up to your voicemail when you told me how you’re feeling, let’s work it out on the remix.”

	“well.. the internet went crazy !” tweeted Charli, referencing one of her lines in the track foreshadowing the world’s reaction to their collaboration.

	On the original track, Charli sings about her overthinking, insecure tendencies around her “awkward,” frenemy relationship with a fellow singer, whom she doesn’t “have much in common” besides being two of the internet’s favorite artists. 

	










	“People say we’re alike/They say we’ve got the same hair/We talk about making music/ But I don’t know if it’s honest,” sings Charli in the track’s pre-chorus before she repeats the refrain, “It’s so confusing, sometimes, to be a girl.” 

	In the second verse of the song, Lorde hops in with a self-reflective, emotional verse as she sings, “‘Cause for the last couple years/I’ve been at war with my body/I tried to starve myself thinner/And then I gained all the weight back.”

	Lorde ends her verse by singing, “Forgot that inside the icon/There’s still a young girl from Essex,” before joining Charli for the pre-chorus where Lorde adds the line, “You know I’ll ride for you, Charli.” To which Charli responds at the end of the song, “You know I ride for you too.”

	After listening to Brat, fans quickly learned the song’s lyrics were likely friendly after Lorde was spotted attending Charli’s album release party in New York City. Charli also remixed Lorde’s song “Green Light” during her Party Girl DJ event in Mexico City Wednesday night.





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	









	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	








	The new track follows Charli’s release of a deluxe version of the album, titled Brat and it’s the same but there’s three more songs so it’s not, last Sunday. The new version of the LP included songs such as “Hello goodbye,” “Guess,” and “Spring breakers.”

	










	“On Brat, she stays out later and goes harder than ever before,” reads Rolling Stone’s review of the album. “And while she’s spinning around on the dance floor she’s also spiraling out in her head, digging deep into the types of insecurities and fears reserved for the comedown the morning after.” 
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.