All products featured on Glamour are independently selected by our editors. However, we may receive compensation from retailers and/or from purchases of products through these links.
A potentially embarrassing moment turned into an opportunity for self-reflection for Ingrid Andress, a country singer-songwriter who has also contributed to hits for other artists, like Charli XCX’s “Boys.”
On Monday, July 15, the singer performed the National Anthem before the MLB Home Run Derby in Arlington, Texas, and it was obvious from the start that she wasn’t doing well.
Unlike, say, Fergie’s take on the song, which went viral after being intentionally/unintentionally different, Andress was pitchy, slurred her words, and appeared genuinely out of it. The crowd was not enthusiastic, and the video began to be joked about online.
This content can also be viewed on the site it originates from.
The next day, however, Andress took responsibility for her performance and announced that it was due to being inebriated, also announcing that she would go to rehab immediately.
“I’ll let y’all know how rehab is I hear it’s super fun,” she wrote, finding a healthy way to have a sense of humor about the situation.
This content can also be viewed on the site it originates from.
On social media, most comments were supportive of her decision to seek treatment, though there were of course plenty of people still mad that she disrespected America (?) or claiming she was making excuses, which, no.
If you’re thinking about cutting back on drinking or cutting out alcohol, take a look at our guide to the benefits, strategies for staying sober in all sorts of situations, and sources for self-education. “Becoming sober is not a death sentence. It [can be] a rebirth, like a second life. You’ll quickly see that the enjoyment you have doing all of these things sober far outweigh doing them while drinking,” substance abuse coach Lance Robinson told Glamour.
Good luck, Ingrid Andress!
If you or someone you know is struggling with alcohol addiction, please contact the National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism.
More from Glamour
See More Stories & Guides
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Glamour may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices