Performing tracks off 'Brat' and its remix album, along with Polachek's 'Welcome To My Island' and Robyn's 'Dancing On My Own'
Charli XCX has crossed off London on her ongoing ‘Brat’ world tour, and she brought along friends Robyn, Caroline Polachek, and Yung Lean. Check out photos, footage and the setlist below.
On the UK victory lap for her whirlwind year off the back of the cultural phenomenon of ‘Brat’ summer, inspired by her acclaimed sixth album and subsequent remix record, Charli performed at London’s O2 Arena after kicking it off at Manchester’s Co-Op Live yesterday, where she debuted the remix of ‘So I’ in tribute to SOPHIE.
Last night (November 28), Charli mostly performed tracks off her wildly-successful sixth album and its remix companion, including ‘Club classics’, ‘365’ with opener Shygirl, and ‘Apple’, the latter a concert staple that features audience members performing its viral TikTok dance. This time, Charli’s fiancé, The 1975’s George Daniel, attempted a go at it.
While the remix of ‘Everything is romantic’, featuring Polachek, was played over speakers after the end of the show’s third segment, leading into a solo performance by Charli, the ‘Desire, I Want To Turn Into You’ artist appeared during the encore to give the remix its live debut. After which, Charli and Polachek performed a version of the latter’s ‘Welcome To My Island’, as remixed by Daniel.
A post shared by The O2 (@theo2london)
Robyn was then ushered to the stage, accompaned by Lean, to perform ‘360’ and ‘Dancing On My Own’, with Shygirl appearing during the latter to dance onstage. The night was rounded off by a rendition of Icona Pop’s ‘I Love It’.
‘365’ (with Shygirl)
‘360’
‘Von Dutch’
‘Rewind’
‘I Might Say Something Stupid’
‘Club Classics’
‘Unlock It’
‘Talk Talk’
‘Apple’
‘So I’
‘So I featuring A.G. Cook’
‘Spring Breakers’
‘Girl, So Confusing featuring Lorde’
‘Everything Is Romantic’
‘Speed Drive’
‘Sympathy Is A Knife’
‘Guess featuring Billie Eilish’
‘365’
Encore:
‘Party 4 U’
‘Vroom Vroom’
‘Everything is romantic featuring caroline polachek’ (with Caroline Polachek) (live debut)
‘Welcome To My Island’ (with Caroline Polachek)
‘360 featuring robyn and yung lean’ (with Robyn and Yung Lean)
‘Dancing On My Own’ (with Robyn)
‘Track 10’
‘I Love It’
Charli has only two more dates in the UK with Birmingham and Glasgow. Visit here for tickets and more information.
Charli also looks set to have another big ‘Brat’ summer in 2025. Earlier this week, it was confirmed that she will headline Parklife 2025, along with curating her own day at London’s LIDO Festival – where she’ll also deliver a headline performance.
Additionally, the artist will play two outdoor shows in Belfast and Dublin, perform at Coachella 2025 and top the bill at Primavera Sound in Barcelona and Porto. She has announced a US arena tour for April and May too.
Earlier this month, Charli received seven Grammy nominations for the 2025 ceremony – including Album Of The Year (‘Brat’) and Record Of The Year (‘360’).
The singer recently played a surprise show in New York’s Times Square following her double-duty appearance on Saturday Night Live.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.