By Glenn Garner 
Associate Editor

	After just missing the launch of Kamala Harris‘ presidential campaign last weekend, John Oliver kicked off Sunday’s episode of Last Week Tonight by unpacking the week of Brat.

	The comedian roasted Jake Tapper over his confusion around Charli XCX‘s meme-worthy endorsement of Harris while promoting her sixth studio album Brat, which “unfortunately set off days of CNN trying to explain to its audience what the f*ck that means.”

	“‘You’re just that girl who is a little messy and likes to party and maybe says some dumb things sometimes,'” Jamie Gangel quoted the Grammy Award nominee during a CNN panel, in which Tapper then asked, “So, is the idea that we’re all kinda Brat, and Vice President Harris is Brat?”

	










			Watch on Deadline		







	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	













	News
	



	
		
					Kamala Harris Avers Poll-Sagging Trump DOGE Agenda "Is Not A Vision That Americans Want"		
			















	News
	



	
		
					'Last Week Tonight' Drags RFK Jr., HHS Cuts & His "Dehumanizing" Comments About Autistic People: "In Way Over His Worm-Riddled Head"		
			







	Oliver then exclaimed, “No Jake, that’s not it at all! We are not all kinda Brat, you’re either Brat or you’re not! Goddammit, Tapper. I regret to inform everyone Brat Summer is canceled. At best, we got eight to nine Brat business days.”

	After turning his attention to a rumor that Donald Trump‘s running mate J.D. Vance had sex with a couch, Oliver looked ahead at what’s to come ahead of Election Day on November 5.
kamala IS brat

	“Who knows where this is going? The news is moving so fast right now,” he said. “The RNC was only last week. It was only two weeks ago that Trump was shot. And there are so many variables between here and November. We don’t know who Kamala’s VP pick will be, we don’t know which candidate will maintain momentum.

	“The race is impossible to predict, but there are two things that I do know for certain; one, Jake Tapper is not Brat… and until he tells otherwise, I’m going to assume that J.D. Vance f*cked a couch,” added Oliver.

	Brat Summer has even resulted in Harris bringing her campaign to TikTok, where a huge cross-section of her Gen Z supporters and Charli’s fans can be found. The campaign previously raised a record $81 million in its first 24 hours.

	Airing hours after Joe Biden announced he was dropping out of the election and endorsing Harris in his place, last weekend’s episode of Last Week Tonight was prefaced with a disclaimer that it was filmed the day prior.
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.