By MIRIAM KUEPPER and MARK DUELL 
 Published:  19:11, 1 January 2025   |  Updated:  19:17, 1 January 2025   
 93
View  comments
Sadiq Khan has been blasted for trying to 'score political points' with taxpayer's money after Rishi Sunak and the Tories were attacked in the New Year's Eve fireworks display. 
Susan Hall, a London Assembly Member for the Tories, said that Khan has a history of 'politicising' the fireworks on New Year's Eve.  
'Nothing he does there surprises me. I just wish he would roll up his sleeves and help the Metropolitan Police sort out crime in London - sadly we know that won't happen,' she told the Sun.
'Attempting to score political points with Londoner's money is all he is good at!'
Hall's comments come after viewers claimed the Mayor used part of his 11-minute display to poke fun at Rishi Sunak's rain-soaked general election announcement at Downing Street in May.
They pointed out that the show featured the 1999 Travis song Why Does It Always Rain On Me - followed by D:Ream's 1993 hit Things Can Only Get Better.
'Things can only get better? In Sadiq Khan's London things have only been getting worse for years,' a Tory source told the Sun.
Meanwhile, viewers suggested that the song choices referred to when the election campaign got off to a soggy start in May as then-Prime Minister Mr Sunak announced that he was calling the vote without an umbrella in the midst of a huge downpour outside Number 10.
Three men attending the New Year's Eve fireworks last night take a selfie with London Mayor Sir Sadiq Khan on the banks of the River Thames ahead of the display at midnight
Viewers suggested that playing 'Why Does It Always Rain On Me' referred to when the election campaign got off to a soggy start in May as then-Prime Minister Rishi Sunak announced that he was calling the vote without an umbrella in the midst of a huge downpour outside Number 10 
Last night's show beamed the words 'The Mayor of London Presents' onto the London Eye
Susan Hall (pictured left during the London mayoral election in May 2024), a London Assembly Member for the Tories, said that Khan has a history of 'politicising' the fireworks on New Year's Eve
A set of speakers were pressed up against the Downing Street gates by anti-Brexit protester Steve Bray playing Things Can Only Get Better - the tune that was also the sound of Tony Blair's 1997 general election soundtrack - which almost drowned out his speech. 
Mr Sunak later quipped that he was not 'a fair weather politician'.
Last night viewers claimed the use of the Travis and D:Ream songs in the fireworks was no coincidence, saying there were 'political undertones' and it was 'a bit cheeky'.
Another wrote on X: 'Top trolling by Sadiq Khan having the London fireworks mention the wet summer weather followed by Things Can Only Get Better.'
And a third tweeted: 'Very mature Sadiq. 'Things can only get better' for the New Year's firework display. Why do you insist on making everything so overtly political?!'
A fourth said: 'Playing Things Can Only Get Better during the fireworks was definitely a personal request from Sadiq.' 
And a fifth added: 'My favourite bit was D:Ream's 'Things can only get better'. Excellent trolling of the Tories by Sir Sadiq Khan.'
The show, which was attended by 100,000 ticketholders and televised to millions, beamed the words 'The Mayor of London Presents' onto the London Eye.
Why Does It Rain On Me was played with a video of an umbrella projected onto the London Eye
An image of the sun projected onto the London Eye, with the song Things Can Only Get Better
Yesterday's wet and windy weather forced outdoor celebrations in Edinburgh and other places across the UK including Newcastle and Blackpool to be cancelled, but London's annual display went ahead in clear skies.
The section of the show organised by newly honoured Sir Sadiq that enraged some viewers watching on the BBC began with a voiceover saying: 'Let's take it back to 2024', and the sound of rainfall.
Two audio clips were then heard – one saying 'We're going in search of summer, but no sign of that across the UK, that's for sure'; and another saying: 'It's been one of the soggiest summers on record.'
The line 'Why Does It Rain On Me' was played, and then again sped up – with a video of an umbrella projected onto the London Eye.
The song 'Rain' by Aitch & AJ Tracey was then played, with the lyrics: 'Cuh, when we run down, it's rain, Why am I wet? Gyal, that's rain.'
Following that, a picture of the sun was projected onto the London Eye, with the lyrics: 'Things can only get better, can only get better, now I found you.'
A recording of Paddington Bear's quote from his Aunt Lucy, spoken by actor Ben Whishaw, then said: 'When skies are grey, hope is the way.'
MailOnline contacted the Mayor's office this morning for comment on the claims that his display was politicised.
At the time, a set of speakers were pressed up against the Downing Street gates by anti-Brexit protester Steve Bray playing Things Can Only Get Better – the hit which was also the sound of Tony Blair 's 1997 general election soundtrack - which almost drowned out Mr Sunak's speech
After the rain-soaked speech, Mr Sunak later quipped that he was not 'a fair weather politician'
And a spokesperson said: 'The Mayor was delighted to welcome 2025 with our biggest and best-ever New Year's Eve celebrations. Around 100,000 Londoners and tourists joined together on the banks of the Thames for an unforgettable night of fireworks, lighting and music, while millions more watched all around the world. 
'This year's soundtrack included a wide-range of recent hits and classics from all across the globe, including One Direction, Dame Vera Lynn, Natasha Bedingfield, Travis, Sir Elton John, Panjabi Hit Squad, Tems, and Shaboozey. 
'The Mayor is proud London sent out a message of hope and love to the world and showed once again why it's the greatest city on earth.' 
After Big Ben marked the start of the new year, the 11-minute display had begun with the message 'Your New Year Is Unwritten'.
Thousands of people watched on the banks of the River Thames to a soundtrack covering the likes of Vera Lynn, Sir Elton John, Travis, Sophie Ellis-Bextor, One Direction and Charli XCX.
There were voiceovers from people including Dame Imelda Staunton and Sir Ian McKellen, and the celebration looked back at the year with other topics including the Paris Olympics and Paralympics and Euro 2024.
The celebration doubled as a 25th birthday party for the London Eye, which provided the central point for the fireworks, with the message to 'honour our history and never give up hope for our future'.
The display included more than 12,000 fireworks and 420 lights. 
Declaring that London will 'always be a city of hope and place for everyone', it ended with a message from Paddington Bear that 'anyone can fit in' in London before a version of Auld Lang Syne by Boney M.
The show was organised by Sir Sadiq, who had declared it the 'biggest fireworks taking place anywhere across Europe'. He said: 'It's fantastic to welcome 2025 with our biggest and best-ever New Year's Eve celebrations.
'From honouring the heroes of the D-Day landings to Paddington Bear celebrating our capital's diversity, I'm proud that we sent a message of hope and love to the world, as we build a better London for everyone.'
While last night's fireworks budget has not yet been confirmed by City Hall, the 2023 budget was confirmed following a Freedom of Information request in January 2024 as '£3million, with a further £1.3million spent that is recouped through ticket sales'. 
Elsewhere, crowds sheltered last night under umbrellas to watch fireworks and enjoy entertainment in Manchester, but the weather curtailed celebrations in some other locations such as the Isle of Wight and Ripon in North Yorkshire.
The Met Office had numerous weather warnings in place across the country with almost every region affected across New Year's Eve and New Year's Day.
Edinburgh's Hogmanay celebrations, which include a street party and fireworks, were cancelled due to safety concerns.
With midnight approaching, small crowds began gathering on Princes Street within sight of Edinburgh Castle.
Fireworks light up the sky over the London Eye during the 2025 New Year celebrations 
Fireworks light up the sky over Big Ben and the London Eye in Central London at midnight
Crowds watch fireworks light up the sky over the London Eye during the New Year celebrations
Fireworks light up the sky over the London Eye during the 2025 New Year celebrations
As the minutes ticked down, they watched small intermittent bursts of fireworks go off near the castle, some filming on phones or giving ironic cheers. 
With 10 seconds to go, a ragged countdown broke out among the crowd, followed by cheers, hugs and bursts of Auld Lang Syne when the hour came.
The revellers were then treated to a small fireworks display from somewhere to the west of Princes Street, which lasted for about a minute, before they began to disperse.
Earlier in the day, Australia and New Zealand kicked off the festivities with spectacular fireworks over the Sydney Harbour Bridge.
Robbie Williams led a singalong as more than a million revellers gathered in Sydney city centre for the countdown some 11 hours before any fuses were lit in London. 
And vast crowds celebrated the New Year from Hong Kong to Kuala Lumpur, where fireworks lit up the Petronas Twin Towers.
In Beijing, president Xi Jinping heralded an 'upward trajectory' for the economy in an address to the nation. But he ominously warned that 'reunification' with Taiwan cannot be stopped, before China enjoyed a grand lights show and dance performance.
Fireworks light up the sky over the London Eye during the 2025 New Year celebrations
The show in London last night was attended by 100,000 ticketholders and televised to millions
Fireworks light up the sky over the London Eye during the 2025 New Year celebrations
The fireworks display in London last night which was organised by Sir Sadiq Khan
In a sign of what 2025 has in store for the world, Russian president Vladimir Putin exchanged New Year greetings with Mr Xi – a reminder of the growing proximity between their countries.
And in South Korea, Seoul's annual bellringing show took place without the usual performances as the country is still in mourning for the 179 killed when a Jeju Air Boeing 737 crash-landed on Monday.
Sir Sadiq was also criticised last year for the London New Year fireworks display which was labelled as 'the Sadiq Khan show' by some.
Just before the bongs of Big Ben sounded midnight in 2023/24, a message saying 'The Mayor of London presents…' was written high in the sky before a unity-themed display welcomed the new year with the messaging: 'London – A Place for Everyone'.
The celebration that lasted almost 15 minutes referenced the King's coronation and also used Charles's quote to mark the 75th anniversary of the Windrush crossing in which he said the new arrivals 'collectively enrich the fabric of our national life'.
There were repeated references to London's diversity and inclusivity, with Sir Sadiq telling the world everyone is welcome in a city where people can be themselves.
But many critics took to social media to complain that the display was packed with political messaging ahead of Sir Sadiq's bid for re-election as Mayor in May.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group