We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
Maika Monroe also stars.
Emma Corrin has landed their next movie role, following the huge success of Deadpool & Wolverine. 
According to Deadline, the actor will play the lead in 100 Nights of Hero, alongside Longlegs' Maika Monroe. The period fantasy will be based on Isabel Greenberg's 2016 graphic novel 
The One Hundred Nights of Hero.
100 Nights of Hero follows a charming houseguest as he arrives at a remote castle. His presence brings chaos to the delicate dynamic between a neglectful husband, his innocent bride Cherry, and their devoted maid Hero. 
Related: Stranger Things star David Harbour's new show lands streaming release
Directed by Julia Jackman, the movie will see Corrin star as Hero, with Monroe playing the role of Cherry. The Idea of You's Nicholas Galitzine will star as the houseguest. 
Musician Charli XCX has also been announced as part of the project, though details of her involvement have not yet been shared. There is currently no news on a potential release date. 
Elsewhere, Corrin can be seen starring in the MCU blockbuster Deadpool & Wolverine, which recently became the biggest R-rated movie of all time. The incredibly successful sequel saw Corrin play Cassandra Nova, the telekinetic and telepathic villain who also happens to be Charles Xavier's twin sister. 
Related: Best film and TV tours for 2024
Speaking to Digital Spy, Corrin revealed that co-star Hugh Jackman had given them some "really moving" advice when taking on the role. 
"We just had one of those conversations [about] no matter how much success you have or how many incredible roles you get, playing this thing that means so much to so many people, you still are so riddled with insecurity and anxiety about being able to do a good job," Corrin shared. 
"I was so worried, I felt so much pressure going into it. Marvel fans hold everyone to such a high standard because these characters are so beloved, so he really put me at ease about that."
Deadpool & Wolverine is out now in cinemas.
Divya is a freelance writer with experience in entertainment and lifestyle news. Described as a "telly addict" since childhood, Divya was able to translate her interests into a BJTC-accredited, Honours degree in Journalism and Media. After working in communications and marketing, Divya joined Digital Spy as a Freelance News Reporter. She has also written for various publications including Metro, Asian World News and TwitCelebGossip; as well as interviews, features and reviews on her own blog. Divya prides herself on her TV, film and showbiz knowledge, always offering (not so) fun facts to her long-suffering friends and family. From soaps to superheroes, Divya is the go-to person for tailored recommendations and up to date information.  
Hugh Jackman shares Deadpool & Wolverine gripe
Ryan Reynolds doesn't expect another Deadpool
Deadpool & Wolverine's cut Disney joke revealed
Ryan Reynolds lines up new superhero movie
How to get Deadpool & Wolverine necklace
Blake Lively impacted Deadpool & Wolverine ending
Ryan Reynolds' "problem" with Deadpool & Wolverine
How to watch Deadpool 3 on Disney+
Deadpool star on return for Avengers 5
Ryan Reynolds & Hugh Jackman line up movie reunion
Why Deadpool & Wolverine has been a box-office hit
Deadpool and Wolverine credit scene explained
DIGITAL SPY, PART OF THE HEARST UK ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK
We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England. All Rights Reserved.