In a surprising yet delightful turn of events, Charli XCX and Lorde have silenced the rumors of any feud with the release of their new collaboration, “the girl, so confusing version with Lorde.” This remix of Charli’s track from her latest album Brat not only showcases their musical talents but also their newfound camaraderie.
On Friday, June 21, the 31-year-old “Boom Clap” singer teamed up with the 27-year-old “Royals” sensation for a fresh take on a song that originally stirred quite a bit of speculation. The original version of the track speaks about a female pop star that Charli has been pitted against in the public eye. Although it was never confirmed, fans were quick to assume she was referring to Lorde due to the constant comparisons between the two.
With the new remix, however, Charli and Lorde seem to address and resolve any misunderstandings. Charli opens the song with reflective and candid lyrics, singing, “Yeah, I don’t know if you like me / Sometimes I think you might hate me / Sometimes I think I might hate you / Maybe you just wanna be me.” She openly admits that it “feels a bit awkward” when they hang out because they “don’t have much in common.”
Lorde’s entrance into the song is equally revealing. She recounts her reaction to Charli reaching out with a sincere verse: “Well, honestly, I was speechless / When I woke up to your voice note / You told me how you’d been feeling / Let’s work it out on the remix.” Through her lyrics, Lorde delves into her personal struggles and insecurities, providing a deeper understanding of her perspective.
“You always say, ‘Let’s go out’ / But then I cancel last minute / I was so lost in my head / And scared to be in your pictures / ‘Cause for the last couple years I’ve been at war with my body / I tried to starve myself thinner / Then I gained all the weight back,” Lorde admits. She continues with a heartfelt revelation: “I was trapped in a hatred / And your life seemed so awesome / I never thought for a second / My voice was in your head.”
The collaboration culminates in a powerful message of support and solidarity, with Lorde affirming, “’Cause I ride for you, Charli.” This line makes it clear that any previous tensions have been laid to rest and that the two artists are now on good terms.
For those who missed it, Charli recently opened up about feeling envious of Lorde’s success after the release of “Royals.” In a candid Rolling Stone UK cover story from May, she discussed the jealousy that often arises in the competitive world of pop music. Reflecting on that time, Charli admitted, “When ‘Royals’ came out, I was super jealous of the success that that song got, and that Ella got. You piece all this stuff together in your brain, like: ‘She was into my music. She had big hair; I had big hair. She wore black lipstick; I once wore black lipstick.’ You create these parallels and think, ‘Well, that could have been me.’”
Charli continued, “But it couldn’t have because we’re completely different people. I wasn’t making music that sounded anything like ‘Royals.’ I think you just read what you want into it because you’re feeling insecure about your own work.”
Thankfully, Charli’s feelings of jealousy have subsided over time, and she and Lorde have managed to forge a positive relationship. “You get over it and then you try to figure out all the things that are unique about you and you pursue that, and then probably in five months’ time you have a breakdown about something else,” Charli added with a touch of humor.
The release of “the girl, so confusing version with Lorde” is a testament to the power of communication and collaboration. It serves as a reminder that even in the competitive world of pop music, mutual respect and understanding can triumph over rivalry. This collaboration not only puts to bed any rumors of bad blood but also sets an example for fans and fellow artists alike.
By: Michelle |
June 24, 2024

in ENTERTAINMENT, Featured Post, GOSSIP, MUSIC  
Popstar! Magazine brings you the latest in celebrity, entertainment and lifestyle news from around the world. Now in our 21st year, we continue to set the standard in the ever evolving field of millennial entertainment. We pride ourselves on being your number one source for accurate information about the topics you care about, including entertainment, beauty, fashion, health, wellbeing and news. Popstar! provides high quality videos for you to binge watch and we now offer a completely free digital bonus magazine that goes in depth to provide exclusive celebrity stories that you won’t find anywhere else. Popstar’s radio station provides you with tomorrow’s pop, rock and hip-hop hits, today. Streaming music and talk radio 24/7!
Connect with Popstar! on social media to stay up to date with all of the latest news and share your feedback. We would love to hear from you!