If you click on links we provide, we may receive compensation.

Black calla lilies are the sophisticated-meets-spooky flower your seasonal setup needs.
UrbanStems
 Sure, you can showcase traditional Halloween decor like grinning Jack-o’-lanterns or gigantic skeletons. But if something a bit more sophisticated is your style, black calla lilies are what your seasonal setup needs.

 Perhaps the moodiest flower you can find, these dark and stark stems are popping up all over social media thanks to their drama and beauty. Pop star Charli XCX received a bouquet of black calla lilies from her friend Rosalía on her birthday, and millennial heartthrob Adam Brody sat for a photo shoot holding one perfect black calla lily.

 To help you achieve the moody look, UrbanStems, a national floral delivery company that focuses on modern arrangements, offers a bouquet of black mini calla lilies called The Good Karma for $82 as part of its Halloween selection.

 Although these blossoms aren’t actually black—they're a shade of deep purple—when added to a bouquet or displayed en masse, their dark petals lean towards a crimson color.

UrbanStems
 The calla lilies are ethically sourced at Rainforest Alliance Certified farms, so you know you’re getting fresh flowers directly from the grower. UrbanStems describes black calla lilies as mysterious and alluring—a timeless way to add florals to your space this fall.

 In addition to celebrities, the flowers are popular on social media, including TikTok, where @acfloralstudio shared an abundant Halloween bouquet featuring black calla lilies, black roses, and miniature pumpkins to rave reviews. “Hauntingly beautiful!” exclaimed one person.

 Another user, @mystic_moon_witch, posted her black calla lily arrangement and said, “Never in my life had I seen purple calla lilies. I immediately fell in love with them! My house is slowly filling up with black and dark purple flowers ... What do you think of them?” Her post was liked 1,200 times, with followers chiming in about their love for the blooms.

 With their curvy, simple shape, the elegant blooms have also become a favorite for brides leaning into the whimsigoth aesthetic for their weddings.

 And when paired with greenery and deep red roses, black calla lilies add drama to any celebration. Mix some black calla lilies with white ones, add some bold red dahlias and evergreen branches, and you’ll have an eye-popping (and unexpected) Christmas bouquet. 

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)