The 1975 frontman called US rapper Banks a "rat" and threatened to "slap" her in a now-deleted post.
Tuesday 10 December 2024 18:05, UK
US rapper Azealia Banks has sent a cease-and-desist letter to The 1975 frontman Matty Healy after he threatened to slap her during a heated exchange on X last week.
Banks shared a screenshot of the letter on X on Sunday, which she said her lawyer had sent to British singer-songwriter Healy, before it was deleted on Monday and replaced with a note from X saying it violated the platform's rules.
In the letter, which was seen by Sky News' US partner network NBC News before it was deleted, Banks's lawyer accuses Healy of making defamatory comments and threatening violence toward her, and demands Healy cease making "further threats and defamatory statements" toward Banks.
It also asks that he make a public apology and pay her $1m (£784,000) in damages.
Wallace Collins, an attorney for Banks, confirmed he prepared a letter on his client's behalf on Saturday.
Banks "unequivocally stands by the factual allegations and legal claims as outlined in the December 7, 2024 letter," Collins said in a statement emailed to NBC News.
The feud between Healy and Banks started on X last week, when the British singer criticised her for negatively commenting on pop star Charli XCX's appearance.

                  John Lithgow on JK Rowling's trans stance backlash: 'She's handled it fairly gracefully'
                

                  Lorraine Kelly says she will undergo surgery to remove ovaries
                

                  Harvey Weinstein accuser breaks down in tears on witness stand - and swears at his lawyer
                
Healy, whose account has since been deactivated, told Banks that "the women you attack seem to be culturally relevant, attractive, divisive and NICE people. I think this makes you jealous cos you're so talented but everything else about you is a failure."
Healy then made a post saying he would "f*** you up" and "slap" anyone who insulted his fiancee, Gabbriette Bechtel.
Read more:Jay-Z and Beyonce attend premiere after he was accused of raping girl, 13Disney influencer dies at brand event
Be the first to get Breaking News
Install the Sky News app for free
Banks responded by saying that Bechtel looked like "Frankenstein" and that she and Healy, who has been open about recovering from heroin addiction, "look like you share needles".
Healy then called Banks a "rat" and threatened to "slap" her in a now-deleted post.
Follow our channel and never miss an update.
According to Entertainment Weekly, Healy posted an apology before his account was deactivated, which read: "Nah I can't be saying I'm gonna hit a girl that's insane I'm sorry.
"You just can't keep being so mean about my mates and my mrs it's really hurtful gets me well defensive."
The tweet was not seen by Sky News and NBC News.
Sky News has contacted Healy's representatives for comment.