By JORDAN BECK FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  20:44, 2 September 2024   |  Updated:  20:56, 2 September 2024   
 39
View  comments
Eve Hewson showed off her slender figure at the premiere of The Perfect Couple in London on Monday.
The actress and daughter of U2 rocker Bono, 33, stars in the new Netflix series that sees a body discovered just hours before a wedding is about to take place.
At the launch in the capital, she opted for a sleek outfit that was complemented by a ruffled white centrepiece and floor-length navy blue skirt.
She sported a rosy complexion with bright red lipstick and swept her dark locks out of her face.
The Flora and Son star looked cool, calm and collected as she hit the red carpet and was in good spirits throughout.
Eve Hewson showed off her slender figure at the premiere of The Perfect Couple in London on Monday
The actress, 33, stars in the new Netflix series that sees a body discovered just hours before a wedding is about to take place
The actress styled out her whole look by fastening her thick dark hair up into a high ponytail.
A close-up shot revealed that she had also accessorised with a pair of simple hanging earrings. 
In further snaps, Eve cosied up to Ishaan Khatter and Billy Howle as she stood in between her two co-stars from the film.
The star - whose mother is activist Ali Hewson - recently  shrugged off nepo baby criticism as she spoke out on her soaring career.
Since beginning her career, she has landed a string of high profile roles alongside major names like Nicole Kidman in her latest project.
Eve is sanguine about her famous father and any nepo baby talk, telling Porter Magazine: 'The only thing you can do is crack a joke and move on.' 
Eve, who has previously admitted she was a 'little troublemaker' during her youth, grew up with her three siblings in Dublin in a creative household 'filled with conversations about film and music and poetry and literature'.
A close-up shot revealed that she had also accessorised with a pair of simple hanging earrings
In further snaps, Eve cosied up to her Ishaan Khatter and Billy Howle as she stood in between her two co-stars from the film
Eve plays the bride in the film, and was delighted to see Billy, who plays the groom in the adaptation of the 2018 novel of the same name by Elin Hilderbrand
The whole cast got together for the launch of the film (L-R Sam Nivola, Billy, Eve , Nicole Kidman, Liev Schreiber, Jack Reynor and Ishaan)
 She admitted that acting felt inevitable, insisting 'it was the only thing I was any good at' but she did originally want to follow her dad into music, laughing: 'I thought I was going to be Charli XCX.'
Eve, who now lives in LA, is close to her parents and siblings, with the family reunited in Dublin during the pandemic, marking the first time in years that they had all lived together.  
'We have a studio at the end of [my parents'] garden, where [we] usually end up, in the middle of the night, writing stupid songs.
'I actually got kicked out of the family band, for being too enthusiastic,' she recalled. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group