SUBSCRIBE
Try 6 Free Issues
You think it just fell out of a coconut tree?
Vice President Kamala Harris is having a moment. Following President Joe Biden's impromptu endorsement of Harris to replace him on the Democratic ticket, her online enthusiasts have been eager to show where they stand. Enter the coconut tree meme. What began as a viral clip of the vice president that Republicans enjoyed mocking has since evolved into a symbol of support for Harris in the upcoming presidential election. 
In May 2023, Vice President Harris gave remarks during a swearing-in ceremony for commissioners of the White House Initiative on Advancing Educational Equity, Excellence, and Economic Opportunity for Hispanics. In the speech, she touched upon ways to support Hispanic students and how that should extend to their families and communities "because none of us just live in a silo." "Everything is in context," Harris said before sharing the viral anecdote about her late mother, Shyamala Gopalan.
"My mother used to — she would give us a hard time sometimes, and she would say to us, 'I don't know what's wrong with you young people. You think you just fell out of a coconut tree?'" Harris said with her signature laugh. "You exist in the context of all in which you live and what came before you."
The Week provides readers with a wide range of perspectives from 200 trusted news sources.
From our daily WeekDay news briefing to an award-winning Food & Drink email, get the best of The Week delivered directly to your inbox.
From our daily WeekDay news briefing to an award-winning Food & Drink email, get the best of The Week delivered directly to your inbox.
Clips of the speech began making the rounds on social media right away, but the coconut tree statement only went viral in February of this year. Republicans added the soundbite to a list of clips they used to ridicule Harris, claiming that she appeared drunk or high. "The RNC wanted people to think the coconut tree incident was cringe," said The Washington Post. Instead, it was "just odd enough to bend the line between irony and earnestness, so that those who latched on to it weren't sure whether they were laughing at Harris or laughing with her."
In the tense weeks between President Biden's heavily panned debate performance and his announcement that he would not seek reelection after all, the coconut meme reemerged as a symbol for Democrats rallying behind Kamala Harris to become the party's new nominee. Shortly after Biden endorsed her as his replacement, Colorado Gov. Jared Polis posted on X with just three emojis: a coconut, a palm tree and an American flag. EMILYs List, the PAC that works to help elect Democratic women, endorsed Harris in an X post and added the tree and coconut to its username on the platform. Sen. Brian Schatz of Hawaii (D) joined the fray with a picture of himself climbing up a coconut tree alongside the caption, "Madam Vice President, we are ready to help."
Since then, the meme has taken on a life of its own, remixed into popular pop songs like Charli XCX's "Von Dutch" and Britney Spears' "Gimme More" and featured in video game parodies. Google searches for "coconut tree" spiked in the U.S. in early July. Some of Harris' online supporters even describe themselves as "coconut-pilled," similar to how people who fall down right-wing internet rabbit holes have been dubbed "red-pilled." 
Harris' jovial persona has bolstered the meme's popularity, as she brings "an energy that's in stark contrast to President Biden and former President Donald Trump," NPR said. "We want something to laugh at and laugh with. And that's what Kamala does," said Rebecca Jennings, a senior correspondent at Vox covering internet culture, to NPR. Harris' memeification is a break in the "drudgery of what everyone thought this election was going to be."
Her popularity online may also help give the Democrats "new prominence with young people" who were "hesitant to vote for Biden again due to his climate policies, support of Israel's war in Gaza, mishandling of the ongoing pandemic, and signing a bill that could ban TikTok," Taylor Lorenz said in The Washington Post. The coconut meme has gained traction "because it's the kind of motherly advice meets therapy-speak the internet is obsessed with," said Vogue writer José Criales-Unzueta. "It's the kind of thing we hear from our mothers and grandmothers over and over and over until we eventually embrace it and internalize it."
A free daily email with the biggest news stories of the day – and the best features from TheWeek.com
Theara Coleman has worked as a staff writer at The Week since September 2022. She frequently writes about technology, education, literature and general news. She was previously a contributing writer and assistant editor at Honeysuckle Magazine, where she covered racial politics and cannabis industry news. 

Talking Point
'Viewer apathy' could prove the ultimate foe for the Time Lord, amid lukewarm reviews and falling ratings


Podcast
Plus, is fossil-fuel advertising on borrowed time? And do male authors need more support?


The Week Recommends 
Featuring homes in Hampshire, London and Devon


IN THE SPOTLIGHT
In her first major speech since Donald Trump took office, the former presidential candidate took solid aim at this administration as speculation grows about her future


The Explainer
The federal agency 'towers over' medical research. But it is facing cuts.


The Explainer
The flights will begin out of Arizona in May


The Explainer
Trump, Musk say gold might be missing


Under The Radar
'Insane' demand for presidential doppelgangers at parties, golf tournaments – even children's birthdays


The Explainer
Patel holds more than $1 million in Chinese fashion company Shein


Instant Opinion
Opinion, comment and editorials of the day


The Explainer
The Trump administration grabbed at the 'power of the purse' in Congress, using a little-known executive action that could have massive implications for the future


The Week UK is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury,
Bath
BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.