They shared the same lyrics, presumably from Charli's 'Brat and it's completely different but also still brat.'

													By
												

	Ashley Iasimone


Ariana Grande joins Charli XCX on the upcoming Brat remixes album, and the two have seemingly confirmed Grande’s feature is on the track “Sympathy Is a Knife.”

	“It’s a knife when they dissect your body on the front page/ It’s a knife when they won’t believe you/ Why should you explain?” Charli wrote in a Sunday (Oct. 6) post on X and in an Instagram Story, both with links to pre-order/pre-save the album.

	Grande shared the same lyrics via an Instagram Story on Sunday, fueling fan frenzy for the collab.

	










			Trending on Billboard		





It's a knife when they dissect your body on the front pageIt's a knife when they won't believe youWhy should you explain?https://t.co/eUpkkfdG60

	The collection, Brat and it’s completely different but also still brat — with unreleased features from artists including Grande, The 1975 and Bon Iver on Brat tracks — arrives later this week, on Oct. 11.

	Charli previewed the names of all featured artists in a picture collage of neon green Brat-themed billboards Friday night. 
Brat and it’s completely different but also still brat feat: pic.twitter.com/Bn6HD2LRiE

	A rumored track list circulated over the weekend, but Charli hasn’t commented on it. With an Oct. 11 release, all will be revealed in just a few short days.

	Charli and Troye Sivan, who’s also on Brat and it’s completely different but also still brat, are presently on their co-headlining Sweat Tour, which runs in North America through Oct. 23 and heads to the U.K. in November.

	Grande dropped a couple videos on YouTube over the weekend: live performances of “Yes, And?” and “We Can’t Be Friends,” both found on her Eternal Sunshine (Slightly Deluxe and Also Live) edition of studio album Eternal Sunshine. 

	“wanted to surprise you all with one more Eternal Sunshine related something before i head back into my bubble and meet you over the rainbow next month…,” Grande wrote of the release on Instagram last week, referencing the Wicked premiere in November. “so i performed seven songs (from ag7) with this wonderful group of musicians.”
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.