Black Friday starts now with deep discounts up to a whopping 70% in savings.

													By
												

	Rudie Obias


	All products and services featured are independently chosen by editors. However, Billboard may receive a commission on orders placed through its retail links, and the retailer may receive certain auditable data for accounting purposes.

	Why wait until Nov. 29 when you can get the best Black Friday deals now? Walmart just kicked off the holiday season with early Black Friday deep discounts with savings up to a whopping 70% off, sitewide.






	
	
		
					Explore		
	





		Explore	

















	
		
					Billboard		
					


See latest videos, charts and news



See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	We rounded up the best early Black Friday deals on various tech items, electronics and devices, such as discounts on Xbox Series X gaming consoles, big screen Samsung 4K TVs, powerful HP laptops and more.





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					This $18 Fridge Magnet Can Be Personalized With Your Favorite Song (And Actually Play It)		
	



	05/02/2025	







	Please note, these early access deals are active now and reserved only for Walmart+ members, while these deals end on  Sunday, Nov. 17 at 11:59 p.m. ET.

	










	And right now, you can get Walmart+ for half off for the entire year. That’s just $49 for an annual subscription (reg. $98 per year). Learn more about Walmart+ here.




			Trending on Billboard		






	If you’re not a member, then you’re in luck. You can sign up for a 30-day free trial to take advantage of everything the retailer’s rewards program has to offer with perks such as free, fast delivery; fuel discounts’ streaming access to Paramount+ to watch hit originals such as Halo, Evil, 1883 and Star Trek: Strange New Worlds; additional savings with early access deals and much more. 

	Scroll down and check out our picks for the best early Black Friday tech deals at Walmart, below:

	In addition, Walmart+ comes with access to SiriusXM for all sorts of music — including popular channels, like “SiriusXM Hits 1” for pop hits from Taylor Swift, Ed Sheeran, SZA, Dua Lipa, Post Malone, Olivia Rodrigo and more; “The Coffee House” for stripped-down songs from Noah Kahan, Kacey Musgraves, The Lumineers, Phoebe Bridgers and others; “TikTok Radio” for trending sounds from Charli XCX, Sabrina Carpenter, Megan Thee Stallion, Chappell Roan, Ice Spice and others and many other channels.

	We recommend signing up for Walmart+ to take advantage of these early access deals. However, if you don’t want to sign up, these deals are also available at your local Walmart location starting on Friday, Nov. 15 at 6 a.m. ET/PT (while supplies last).

	Want more? Check out the best early Black Friday deals at Walmart here.

	For more product recommendations, check out our roundups of the best Xbox deals, studio headphones and Nintendo Switch accessories.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.