Britney Spears could make up to £80 million if she joins OnlyFans after quitting music, an expert has claimed.
The pop icon announced in January that she would “never” make another album, after rumours began to swirl that she was heading back into the recording studio with reports Charli XCX was writing songs for Britney. “Just so we’re clear most of the news is trash !!!” the Toxic hitmaker posted on Instagram. “They keep saying I’m turning to random people to do a new album … I will never return to the music industry !!!”
After ruling out a return to music, OnlyFans manager Celeste Franklyn revealed the mother-of-two has an incredibly lucrative on the hugely popular adult subscription site, and could rake in almost £80 million ($100 million) if she joined. The Gimme More singer regularly shares nude selfies and snaps on Instagram with her loyal fans, and uploads clips of her dancing seductively to music, and Celeste believes Britney could make a fortune if she monetised her sultry selfies.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Britney Spears goes completely naked on the beach in 'beautiful treat to myself'
“According to all the statistics I’ve examined, my prediction for her earnings would be that the first month of the launch will bring a massive influx of people - possibly making her earnings range anywhere from $13 million (£10 million) to $18 million (£14 million),” she told the Daily Mail. “In the following months, her income will most likely level out to about $6 million (£4.7 million) to $9 million (£7 million) a month, due to the decline of engagement that was caused by the initial curiosity.”
Britney has surprised her fans and followers with her steamy snaps taken on her phone, and covers up her modesty with carefully placed emojis, but Celeste thinks that Britney needs to ditch the cover-ups and join OnlyFans to dramatically boost her potential income. “The launch of her page must be meticulously planned, carving out every fine detail,” she explained. “Not to mention the quality and consistency of her content would have to drastically improve beforehand.”
Last year, it was reported Britney - who installed a pole in her Los Angeles mansion - was avoiding joining OnlyFans because she didn’t want to be “associated with the explicit side of the platform.” A source told TMZ that the Lucky hitmaker was approached by OnlyFans shortly before she and ex-husband Sam Asghari announced the end of their marriage, but despite “initial conversations about her joining”, Britney ultimately declined.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.