Footage captured at the gig showed MacLachlan looking very confused by the viral 'Apple' dance
Twin Peaks‘ Kyle MacLachlan was spotted at a Charli XCX show in Toronto this week – and he even got to meet her.
Charli is currently on her joint ‘Sweat’ tour with Troye Sivan in North America and at the stop in Toronto had a famous fan in the audience.
According to a video posted in a carousel to Charli’s Instagram, MacLachlan was filmed wearing a green ‘Brat’ cap and looking around, seemingly confused at the fellow audience members who were doing the viral ‘Apple’ dance around him. He then attempted to join in, despite looking unsure as to how the dance went.
Another photo showed him posing for a mirror selfie with Charli backstage.
One fan even commented “this feels like a twin peaks episode”.
A post shared by Charli (@charli_xcx)
MacLachlan has been an enthusiastic Charli XCX fan during ‘Brat’ summer, even suggesting his Twin Peaks character Dale Cooper is “Brat-coded” given that one of his character’s doppelgangers Dougie Jones wore a prominent lime-green jacket.
MacLachlan’s recent social media presence has been infatuated with ‘Brat’ – from changing his Instagram profile photo to say ‘Kyle’ in the same font as ‘Brat’, to starring in a TikTok set to ‘the girl, so confusing remix with Lorde’, a song he told  GQ, he found it “fresh” and “cool”. Fans have even nicknamed him an “honorary it girl” for his ‘Brat’ fandom.
He even went to her show in Ibiza, where he got to meet her.  Charli herself shared pictures, taken by a fan, of the two together in Ibiza. “I met Mr. Brat,” she wrote on X/Twitter, while MacLachlan responded with a quote-tweet that reads “Meeting queen brat >>>>>”.
Meanwhile, last week Charli announced a reimagined version of her latest album-turned-cultural-phenomenon ‘Brat’, titled ‘‘Brat and it’s completely different but also still brat’. The new version appears to be a remix album and will be released October 11.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.