The rapper joins the growing list of celebrities rallying behind Harris' 2024 presidential campaign.

							By 

	DeMicia Inman

Staff Writer, News

Update: 12:25 p.m. PT (July 30, 2024) – Megan Thee Stallion updated fans with a performance time of 6:30 p.m. ET for Vice President Kamala Harris‘ campaign event. In the modification shared on X, she also revealed the show will be live-streamed on the Vice President’s YouTube account, linked here.

Original Story Below 

	—

	Megan Thee Stallion is set to perform in Atlanta on Tuesday (July 30) during a campaign rally for Vice President Kamala Harris. The Houston rapper confirmed the news via social media, sharing a vibrant graphic to her Instagram account.

	










	“ATL HOTTIES SEE YOU TOMORROW,” she exclaimed with the American flag and blue heart emojis. 
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Megan Thee Stallion To Open "THEE LITTEST Popeyes Ever"		
			







	According to ABC News, the event is VP Harris’ first trip to the battleground state since announcing her 2024 presidential campaign. She is set to be introduced by Morehouse College alumni, and joined by fellow Democratic politicians Sens. Jon Ossoff and Raphael Warnock, and former Rep. Stacey Abrams. Additionally, a meeting with local reproductive rights leaders and activists is set to follow.
A post shared by Megan Thee Stallion (@theestallion)

	“We expect it to be as close as competitive this year,” said the Harris campaign Communications Director Michael Tyler to the outlet. “That’s why we have the team and the operation in place to make sure that we can turn out every single Harris voter in the state of Georgia.”

	Per Rough Draft Atlanta, the rally takes place at the Georgia State University Convocation Center, with VP Harris scheduled to speak around 7:00 p.m. ET.

	The Grammy-winning rapper’s support of VP Harris is not new, or unexpected. In March 2023, Megan Thee Stallion joined VP Harris for Women’s History Month along with other “female trailblazers.” With her performance during the upcoming rally, the “B.A.S.” rapper joins a growing list of celebrities backing VP Harris in her historic quest for the White House.

	Cardi B, Questlove, Fat Joe, Tina Knowles, George Clooney, and more are among the famous names who have publicly uplifted the Harris campaign. Per Billboard, the list also includes Ariana Grande, Charli XCX, John Legend, Lizzo, Lil Nas X, and Maxwell. Additionally, Beyoncé‘ cleared the usage of her 2016 track “Freedom” to be used as VP Harris’ walkout song ahead of a campaign speech. 

	










	Within the first week of confirming her presidential candidacy after current President Joe Biden decided to withdraw from the race, VP Harris raised over $200 million and gained 70,000 volunteers committed to assisting with “phone banking, canvassing, and other get-out-the-vote efforts.”
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.