Manage your account
There are many ways to recap a year but, in the smartphone age, perhaps one of the most telling is what had people pulling out their phones and Googling.
According to Google's 2024 search recap, the presidential election, Summer Olympics and New York Times games dominated people's searches nationwide. In Wisconsin, the searches largely followed national trends — aside from a few key topics that were more localized.
Election
Donald Trump
Connections
New York Yankees
Kamala Harris
Three of the five refer to the presidential election, while "Connections" is presumably a reference to the New York Times daily puzzle. Searches for the New York Yankees spiked significantly during the team's 2024 World Series appearance against the Los Angeles Dodgers.
Here are the top five "rising" searches in Wisconsin over the past year, according to Google Trends. Rising searches are terms that saw the biggest increase in search frequency over the past year. This data covers the past 12 months, so technically it starts a little before Jan. 1, 2024.
"Strands," which took the top spot, is yet another New York Times daily game.
Strands
Kamala Harris
Eric Hovde
Election results
Connections hint
Though familiar themes of word puzzles and the presidential election persist in Wisconsin searches, the "Eric Hovde" top search is unique to the state. Hovde, a Republican, lost the U.S. Senate race to Sen. Tammy Baldwin last month and made several false claims about absentee ballots before he eventually conceded.
Other notable terms amid the rising searches were "Timberwolves," presumably referring to the Minnesota Timberwolves (#11 most searched in Wisconsin); "Jordan Love" (#16); and "Packers game" (#23).
Among the most popular search queries overall, the top five in Wisconsin were fairly generic:
Weather
Google
Amazon
YouTube
News
"Brewers" and "Packers," meanwhile, were the 7th and 8th most-searched terms statewide. Other Wisconsin-specific terms included "Bucks" (#14); "Menards" (#17); and "ccap," the state's database for court records (#19).
Across the U.S., the presidential election also influenced the list of most-searched people. Donald Trump, Kamala Harris, JD Vance and Joe Biden were the top-searched, in that order. Catherine, Princess of Wales — formerly Kate Middleton — was in fifth place, with searches about her skyrocketing after she announced her cancer diagnosis in March.
Meanwhile, the most-searched actors were Katt Williams, Jacob Elordi, Glen Powell, Jeremy Allen White and Shane Gillis.
Among athletes, Mike Tyson, Imane Khelif, Simone Biles, Scottie Scheffler and Jake Paul clinched top spots. Khelif, Biles and Scheffler all took home gold medals in the 2024 Summer Olympics, while Tyson and Paul recently faced off in a highly publicized Netflix boxing match.
The most-searched news events in 2024 were the fall U.S. election, Copa América, the Summer Olympics, Hurricane Milton and the Paralympics, according to Google.
The most-searched movies were "Inside Out 2," "Beetlejuice Beetlejuice," "It Ends With Us," "Saltburn" and "Dune: Part Two." Among TV shows, "Griselda," "Quiet On Set: The Dark Side of Kids TV," and "Baby Reindeer" took the top spots.
Of the top-searched songs, three of five were by Kendrick Lamar: "Not Like Us," "meet the grahams" and "Euphoria" took first, second and fourth place, respectively. Meanwhile, KSI's "Thick Of It" and Tracy Chapman's "Fast Car," covered by Luke Combs, were third and fifth place.
The top-searched music tours were Charli XCX and Troye Sivan's "Sweat" tour, Sabrina Carpenter's "Short n' Sweet" tour, and Future and Metro Boomin's "We Trust You Tour."
More: These were the most streamed songs in Wisconsin in 2024, according to Spotify
This article originally appeared on Milwaukee Journal Sentinel: Top Google searches in Wisconsin 2024: Brewers, Packers, Hovde