By HANNAH MCDONALD 
 Published:  12:01, 12 August 2024   |  Updated:  13:04, 12 August 2024   
 23
View  comments
Gemma Collins showed off her curves as she shared a cheeky swimsuit snap while relaxing on the beach in a mystery location.
The former TOWIE star, 43, shared with fans on Monday that she had jetted off on holiday and would be back in September. 
In the snap, Gemma was lying on her front on a beach towel enjoying the sun as she smiled up at the camera. 
She sported a flattering black swimsuit for her day of lounging and accessorised with gold sunglasses and a variety of jewellery. 
Gemma captioned the snap: 'To all my lovely followers it is that beautiful time of the year where I get to take the GC chip out and have a holiday. 
Gemma Collins showed off her curves as she shared a cheeky swimsuit snap on Monday while relaxing on the beach in a mystery location
'I am wishing you all the best summer get of your phones make memories with your loved ones and I will see you all in September. "The tans will fade but the memories will last FOREVER".
'Thank you all for your continued support and lovely messages on the insta.'
Gemma's pop star pals Jedward were quick to share their love for the picture, as they wrote: 'Beach babe.' 
Last week, Gemma revealed the real reason why she will never sign up for Strictly Come Dancing. 
Gemma came swinging for the dancing competition as she told The Sun she doesn't know why people 'fall over backwards' about it.
Strictly has been embroiled in controversy in recent months after Amanda Abbington complained that professional dancer Giovanni Pernice bullied her during their rehearsals last year - allegations he strongly denies.
She told the publication: 'No, I don't fancy it, I saw all the stuff [about the scandal]. I don't know what it is about the show that people fall over backwards about.
'I wouldn't want to be embroiled in all of that, it's put me right off.' 
The former TOWIE star, 43, shared with fans on Monday that she had jetted off on holiday and would be back in September
Gemma's pop star pals Jedward were quick to share their love for the picture, as they wrote: 'Beach babe'
It came after Gemma snubbed Strictly Come Dancing and revealed the real reason why she will never dance under the glitterball (pictured in June) 
Despite Gemma taking part in Dancing On Ice in 2019, she has stood firmly on her decision as she said that if 'people are living life dreaming of going on Strictly then they should get out into nature'
Despite Gemma previously taking part in Dancing On Ice in 2019, she has stood firmly on her decision as she said that if 'people are living life dreaming of going on Strictly then they should get out into nature'. 
Since Amanda's complaint, multiple accusations have emerged of bullying and abusive behaviour from former Strictly contestants, leaving the primetime family favourite in the centre of a crisis over how the professional dancers teach the celebs.
Before her comments, Gemma took to Instagram as she became the latest celebrity to hop on the Brat summer trend. 
The concept, and the colour green, has dominated TikTok and pop culture since Charlie XCX announced it was a brat summer after the release of her sixth album Brat back in June. 
Gemma wowed in a strapless tulle bright green dress as it trailed along the floor for her take on the trend. 
Gemma Collins has hopped on the Brat summer trend as she wowed in bright green ball gown for her recent Instagram snap on Friday
Embracing her inner Bratz doll, Gemma took part in the social media trend as she transformed herself into a version of the cartoon doll in a similar dress. 
She captioned the snap: 'BRATZ. BRATZ SUMMER. It’s the WEEKEND ☀️ note to oneself …. HAVE FUN. One must always have FUN'.
Charli's album cover is slime green, which led to increased popularity of the shade, especially in fashion. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have been moderated in advance.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group