The artist's teeny tiny thong was on full display 👀
It's safe to say 2024 has been Charli XCX's year. The artist took over the collective consciousness this summer thanks to her viral Brat Girl aesthetic, but she's definitely not slowing down now we're well into the depths of winter. Sure, white cropped tank tops and minuscule hotpants may not be seasonally appropriate attire, even when worn under our winter coats and with fleece-lined tights. However, Charli's latest 'fit is simultaneously party szn perfection while being *so* Brat-coded.
The artist attended the LA premiere of horror film, Nosferatu last night [Thursday 12 December], though there was nothing scary about her look. Walking the spooky black carpet alongside the film's cast including Emma Corrin, Lily-Rose Depp, Nicholas Hoult and Aaron Taylor-Johnson, Charli stood out in an elegant AF black knee-length dress.
Despite appearing at first glance to be relatively demure in design, the dress prompted a double-take as it was almost entirely see-through.
The slip silhouette featured a satin cowl neckline and asymmetric hemline separated by a sheer swathe of fabric decorated with black velvet embroidery in a floral motif print. The transparent nature of the design revealed that Charli was going braless in the dress, wearing just a teeny tiny black thong underneath that was on full display. Black slingback heels completed the overall ensemble that put a naked twist on an elegant LBD. 
This latest look follows a fashion formula Charli seems to have recently adopted. Attending the Variety Hitmakers Brunch earlier this month on 7 December, Charli repped a subtly sheer brown halterneck dress that freed the nip while nailing the season's biggest colour trend. So here for a wardrobe that works smarter, not harder.
Follow Alex on Instagram.
Alexandria Dale is the Digital Fashion Writer at Cosmopolitan UK. Covering everything from the celebrity style moments worth knowing about to the latest fashion news, there’s nothing she loves more than finding a high street dupe of a must-have designer item. As well as discovering new brands, she’s passionate about sustainable fashion and establishing the trends that are actually worth investing in. Having worked in fashion journalism for six years, she has experience at both digital and print publications including Glamour and Ok! 
Kim K's nude bodysuit is *gravity-defying*
Julia Fox’s frilly knickers have bum-crack cut-out
The most revealing Met Gala naked dresses *ever*
Rosie Huntington-Whiteley is selling her wardrobe
Flo Pugh's sheer strapless gown = style switch-up
Sydney Sweeney's tiny ruffle nude corset dress =🔥
Blake Lively's corset gown = Old Hollywood glamour
Shopping Sydney Sweeney’s stripe bikini & trousers
Flo Pugh's black lace ballgown is *SO* see-through
A deep dive into Lola Young's style transformation
Shop Olivia Rodrigo's stunning Rixo dress
Maya serves sexy underboob in bikini beach snaps
Cosmopolitan, Part of the Hearst UK Fashion & Beauty Network
Cosmopolitan participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England 112955. All Rights Reserved.