By Kevin Slane 
“SNL” returned for the seventh episode of its 50th season on Nov. 16, with musician Charli XCX riding the wave of Brat Summer and pulling double duty as both host and musical guest.
Though Charli XCX was hosting “Saturday Night Live” for the first time,  the English singer born Charlotte Emma Aitchison has experience in Studio 8H that goes back a decade.
First appearing as a musical guest in December 2014, Charli XCX came back for a second musical guest stint in 2022, this time appearing in the much-loved (and very bizarre) “Meatballs” sketch with Sarah Sherman.
This time around, Charli XCX worked overtime, not only appearing in eight sketches during the 90-minute show, but also taping a “Please Don’t Destroy” short that was cut for time.
Though the political cold open did not feature Maya Rudolph as Vice President Kamala Harris — who had appeared in every episode prior to Donald Trump winning the 2024 presidential election — Dana Carvey returned as President Joe Biden, chatting with Trump (James Austin Johnson) about his flurry of cabinet picks.
Showing up on cue were a couple of those picks: Attorney General nominee Matt Gaetz (Sarah Sherman) and HHS Secretary nominee Robert F. Kennedy Jr., played by Alec Baldwin. Baldwin just can’t seem to stay away from “SNL,” veering between playing Trump, Fox News host Bret Baier, and now RFK.
Check out the videos below to see highlights from the latest episode of “SNL,” including another cameo-filled cold open, a monologue and a pair of musical performances from Charli XCX, and all of the guests visiting Colin Jost and Michael Che at the “Weekend Update” desk.
Kevin Slane is a staff writer for Boston.com covering entertainment and culture. His work focuses on movie reviews, streaming guides, celebrities, and things to do in Boston.
Get everything you need to know to start your day, delivered right to your inbox every morning.
©2025 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC

			Stay up to date with everything Boston. Receive the latest news and breaking updates, straight from our newsroom to your inbox.