Matty Healy's future wife has poked fun at the current trend of 'hot rodent boyfriends' and those who are adamant who fiancé looks like a rat.
Gabbriette, who recently announced her engagement to The 1975 frontman, took to social media on Wednesday night to share a series of celebrity men who have been described as 'Ratatouille coded' - with her boyfriend Matty the lead example.
During his brief fling with Taylor Swift last year, Matty, eldest son of Loose Women star Denise Welch, was cruelly dubbed 'Ratty Healy' by many angry Swifties who felt their idol should have been dating someone more suitable to their tastes.
But it appears the future Mrs Healy, who has an adorable pet rat, is all for the rodent lifestyle. Posting on her Instagram Stories, Gabbriette shared several slides from Glamour Germany's recent post centred about famous 'hot rodent boyfriends'.
In the publication's post, Matty is used for the cover image, alongside Timothée Chalamet and Challengers actor Josh O'Connor, with snaps of Irish actor Barry Keoghan and Sabrina Carpenter at the Met Gala, Zendaya and her boyfriend Tom Holland and Gabbriette and her pet rat making up the rest of the snaps.
"If you take a closer look at the comments on social media, one thing quickly becomes clear: Gen Z is not primarily about THE one look, but about a male image, which is far from toxic masculinity," Glamour Germany's caption reads. "Because attractiveness can be so much more than the 'traditional' male ideal of beauty. Yes, the comparison with rodents seems bizarre, but we can only agree with the actual message! We’ll tell you (not seriously) how you recognize a 'Hot Rodent Man' now and which stars according to the internet have what it takes to be a rodent crush in the link in bio."
"Gabbriette posting this is hilarious," one Instagram user quipped in the comments, with another quipping: "Gabriette just cracked me up for posting this." Another poked fun of the fact Gabbriette's couple pic featured her pet rat rather than Matty. "Do Matty and Gabbriette have no pictures together?lmaooo," they wrote, with another joking: "Ugh Matty looks so hot on the last pic."
Denise Welch excitedly confirmed her son engagement during Wednesday's instalment of Loose Women, gushing that Gabbriette has "everything she wants in a daughter-in-law." The former Coronation Street actress spilled the beans on the engagement after Matty posted an Instagram photo of his girlfriend sporting a huge black diamond rock on her ring finger.
Denise revealed on the ITV show: "I have known for a few weeks that Matty got engaged. They went over to see their friends Charli [XCX] and George in New York. I woke up this morning to the fact they've put it on Instagram. Instagram official, he has got engaged to Gabbriette. Black diamond, he had it made for her and I couldn't be more thrilled. She is from Los Angeles, she is absolutely gorgeous, she does have a rat. We couldn't be happier, she is everything that I would want in a daughter in law."
Model and musician Gabbriette, 26, flaunted her massive diamond ring on social media while attending a Charli XCX concert. She captioned the image: "Marrying the 1975 is very brat @trumanblack" - a reference to her friend Charli's latest album. Charli is engaged to Matty's 1975 bandmate George.
Matty, son of Denise and Tim Healy, began dating Gabbreitte last September. This relationship follows Matty's notable fling with pop icon Taylor Swift. Taylor has since moved on to a high-profile romance with Kansas City Chiefs' Travis Kelce, but took aim at Matty in her latest album, The Tortured Poets Department, earlier this year.
Earlier this year, Matty was spotted introducing his fiancee, Gabbriette to his family. The duo also showed support for the Loose Women panelist Denise during her theatre production in Manchester. His soon-to-be-wife mingled with his family including his younger brother Louis Healy, 22, father Tim Healy, 72, and step-mother Joan Anderton, 62.
Denise shared the cosy family photo on Instagram writing: "Lovely to have the family in to see mum at work! ! ! " Meanwhile in an interview with the Daily Mail, the star's aunt, Debbie divulged more about Matty's relationship with Gabriette; she highlighted that he seemed "very happy" and that the family "knew a bit more about what went on" between him and ex-lover Taylor Swift "than has been in the press".
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok , Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.