I was chopping an onion in the kitchen the other day when a thought came to me, sudden and unbidden. I turned to my partner. “If we had a kid,” I asked hypothetically, “where would we put it?” My partner looked around and then pointed down the hallway to the living room. “Over there?” she replied. I tried to imagine it. A small, screaming being, wedged somewhere between her guitar collection and the books we couldn’t fit in the bedroom. And then another question arose in its place. “What about work? How would we do that?” I pictured hiding the baby under the desk while I wrote Vogue articles, like in one of those anxiety dreams where nothing is quite right. My partner said what she often says, which is nearly always correct: “We’d figure it out.”
We’re both women, so for us, having a baby wouldn’t just involve someone going off birth control (there would be admin). But that’s not really my concern (plenty of queer couples manage it). My concern is that, despite being fully grown and then some, I just won’t be adequately equipped. What if we can’t afford the nursery school fees (I’ve heard they’re astronomical)? What if one of us has to give up work for longer than we intended to? Does the fact we’re not homeowners put us in a precarious position? And then there are the more irrational concerns: what if the baby comes out and doesn’t like me? What if I turn into a grouchy person because it’s too messy all the time (I don’t like things being in the wrong place) and then I get known as “grumpy mum” or something. What if, what if, what if.
In some ways, these worries feel absurd. My mum had me when she was a teenager. She was a single parent, and we never had much money. By the time she was my age, she had a hormonal teenager living in her house (can you imagine?) I grew up in London, where it’s not exactly cheap. And look, I turned out fine. More than fine: I love my life, and treasured my upbringing. But maybe those were different times. We’re in the midst of a major cost of living crisis. The UK’s birthrate is at a record low, with more than a quarter of millennials saying they can’t afford to have kids. Since the ’90s, house prices have risen from roughly four to eight times the average national income. None of my friends have kids, even the straight ones. They can’t afford it, or they don’t feel prepared. How would a baby fit into a five-bed Clapton Pond house share sublet that doesn’t even allow pets anyway?
I shared these anxieties with my grandmother recently, who is the mother of five daughters, the youngest of whom is younger than me. She was driving the car down some country lanes, and when I said I was worried about “not being ready” she tipped her head back and laughed. “Nobody’s ready, Daisy,” she said, knowingly. “You just… I don’t know, you just make it work.” “And what about the actual giving birth bit? What if my body… can’t push it out?” I was clutching at straws here, but it’s definitely something I’ve considered. Isn’t it supposed to be painful? Like, I don’t know, the most painful thing on this earth? She glanced at me like I had actually lost the plot. “You’ll be fine,” she said, reminding me that women have been doing this since time immemorial. “You just get on with it, really.”
I’ve never been desperate to be a mother, but I know that I would quite like to have a kid, if everything allows for it. Like Charli xcx, who is my age, “I think about it all the time.” I know that the baby would be very loved. And I know that, ultimately, we’d figure it out. That’s what everyone does, isn’t it? They figure it out. And if we don’t end up having a kid? We’d figure that out too. It’s all anyone can do, surely.
Everything You Need To Know About The Met Gala 2025
Join The Vogue Newsletter For The Latest Fashion, Beauty And Street Style Trends Straight To Your Inbox
Read Billie Eilish’s May 2025 Cover Interview In Full
The Key Spring/Summer 2025 Trends To Know Now
Join British Vogue’s Met Gala Community Ahead Of Fashion’s Biggest Night. This link redirects to a third-party website.
More from Vogue
Condé Nast Britain
© 2025 Condé Nast