Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
Chappell Roan, Olivia Rodrigo and Charli XCX are reportedly on the bill to play Glastonbury 2025. These three female powerhouses are poised to make a grand entrance at Worthy Farm, according to The Sun.
A source disclosed to the publication: "Chappell Roan, Olivia Rodrigo and Charli XCX will all play Glastonbury next summer. " They elaborated that "Charli will headline The Other Stage and Chappell will be playing the Pyramid Stage," while "Olivia is coming straight to Worthy Farm after playing BST Hyde Park, so her slot is being firmed up."
Further insight from the insider reveals organiser Emily Eavis's intent to create a balance in the lineup, complementing the rock veterans with top-tier female artists: "Emily really wanted Glastonbury to go back to its rock roots but by bringing in three of the world’s biggest female stars to play too, she is making a real statement. "
They added, reflecting on the festival's diverse appeal, "Glastonbury always has something for everyone but next summer’s line-up is really impressive in terms of the spectrum of acts and how big they are."
Despite previous challenges, it seems Stevie Wonder is now set to grace the official Glastonbury roster come next summer, as discussions last year did not culminate as planned. And adding to Glastonbury's glittering prospects is Sir Rod Stewart who will take on the Sunday Legends slot in 2025; he confirmed his appearance despite the hefty $300,000 figure he'll incur to present his performance, inclusive of transporting his band from America.
Speaking to talkSport, he said: "It’s a great honour – it’s going to cost me a fortune to do it – $300,0000."
He added: "I’ve got to bring all my band back from America – of course, Glastonbury don’t pay for that. " Despite the cost, he stated: "But I don’t care if it cost me $1 million, I would have done it."
He concluded by saying: "It’s a great honour. It really is the greatest honour."
Join Somerset Live’s WhatsApp community for top stories and breaking news sent directly to your phone
Somerset Live is now on WhatsApp and we want you to join our community.
Through the app, we’ll send the latest breaking news, top stories, exclusives and much more straight to your phone.
To join our community you need to already have WhatsApp. All you need to do is click this link and select ‘Join Community’.
No one will be able to see who is signed up and no one can send messages except the Somerset Live team. 
We also treat community members to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. If you don’t like our community, you can check out at any time you like.
To leave our community, click on the name at the top of your screen and choose ‘Exit group’.
If you’re curious, you can read our Privacy Notice.
Click here to join our WhatsApp community.