Other musicians who have called out Harris for similar reasons include Chappell Roan and Macklemore
MUNA‘s Katie Gavin has shared her thoughts on the upcoming US elections and presidential candidate Kamala Harris.
The lead vocalist of the rising American indie-pop band revealed in a new interview with The i that while she will be voting for Harris for the upcoming elections, she will not endorse Harris.
Speaking to the publication, Gavin said: “I’m gonna be voting for Kamala Harris, but I’m not gonna endorse somebody who is funding a genocide.” In her statement, Gavin alludes to the Biden-Harris administration’s funding of Israel while committing genocide in Gaza – something that has also been brought up by other musicians in the past.
Naomi McPherson, Katie Gavin, and Josette Maskin of MUNA at the 2023 Coachella Festival. (Photo by Emma McIntyre/Getty Images for Coachella)
Chappell Roan in September revealed that similarly to Gavin, she would be voting for Harris but isn’t explicitly endorsing her. In a social media video, Roan said: “I’m voting for fucking Kamala, but I’m not settling for what has been offered. Because that’s questionable. It’s questionable, the actions of our government, of the internet, of you and me.”
Elsewhere, she highlighted the “huge problems” with both sides of the presidential elections: “Endorsing and voting are completely different. I don’t agree with a lot of what is going on with policies. Obviously, fuck the policies on the right, but also, fuck some of the policies on the left. That’s why I can’t endorse, that’s why I can’t put my entire name and my entire project behind one because there is no way I can stand behind some of the left’s completely transphobic and completely genocidal views. So yeah, there are huge problems on both [sides].”
Chappell Roan at the 2024 Austin City Limits Music Festival. Credit: Gary Miller/FilmMagic
Roan ended the video saying: “I’m not picking the sides of what we have right now. Yes, one’s obviously better than the other but Jesus fucking Christ, I hope you don’t settle for what we have and put your name behind someone that you don’t fully trust because of their blatant actions.”
Meanwhile, rapper Macklemore has been vocal about his support for Palestine and his disdain for the Biden-Harris administration. He was among the numerous musicians who signed an open letter to President Joe Biden calling for ceasefire.
Other musicians who have endorsed Harris include Taylor Swift, Beyoncé, Charli XCX, Joni Mitchell, Megan Thee Stallion, Cher, Lizzo, Eminem, Usher, P!nk, Leonardo DiCaprio, Bad Bunny, Bon Iver, Quavo, Billie Eilish, Olivia Rodrigo, Mumford & Sons, GloRilla and Finneas.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.