Virgin Radio
4 Jan 2024, 13:15
Credit: Getty
Britney Spears has hit back at rumours that she may be preparing a return album.
In response to fans and some news outlets speculating that the ‘Toxic’ artist might be planning to release a 10th studio album, the world famous singer wrote in an Instagram post: “Just so we’re clear, most of the news is trash !!!”
She continued: “They keep saying I’m turning to random people to do a new album… I will never return to the music industry!!!”
Rumours had included claims that Britney might be teaming up to collaborate with artists including Charli XCX. The singer last released new music in July 2023, a track called 'Mind Your Business' which she worked on and performed alongside her long-time collaborator will.i.am.
But in her latest update, Britney clarified: “When I write, I write for fun or I write for other people!!! For those of you who have read my book, there’s loads that you don’t know about me… I’ve written over 20 songs for other people the past two years !!! I’m a ghostwriter and I honestly enjoy it that way !!!”
The ‘...Baby One More Time’ singer released her memoir, The Woman in Me, in October 2023. The book chronicles her journey to stardom from when she was just a teenager, and saw the singer open up about times where she felt “stripped of her womanhood” as a result of her father’s 13-year conservatorship.
The memoir also featured Britney’s recollections of feeling like a “child-robot”, and also her memory of the moment in 2007 when she decided to shave her head.
Britney’s recent Instagram post made reference to her memoir, saying: “People are also saying MY BOOK WAS RELEASED WITHOUT MY APPROVAL ILLEGALLY and that’s far from the truth.”
Britney Spears’ memoir The Woman in Me is available to purchase now.
Advertisement
Tubi, the free streaming platform which aims to rival competitors such as Netflix and Prime Video...
You’ve likely heard Benson Boone playing over the airwaves recently, but who is he, where is he...
We asked, and you delivered! Here are the 100 greatest songs of the 1980s. 
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK on your laptop or desktop computer?
Have you got an Amazon Echo or Google Home device? Listen to Virgin Radio UK by asking your speaker...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK but need to go out and about? Take us with you with the Virgin...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK on your laptop or desktop computer?
Have you got an Amazon Echo or Google Home device? Listen to Virgin Radio UK by asking your speaker...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK but need to go out and about? Take us with you with the Virgin...
Advertisement
© 2025 News UK Broadcasting Ltd. Our 
 and 
 are applicable to you. All rights reserved. VIRGIN and the VIRGIN signature logo are registered trademarks of Virgin Enterprises Limited and are used under licence. For more information on Virgin Radio International visit