The heads of some stars were Spinning Around after Kylie Minogue’s raucous BRIT Awards afterparty at the weekend.
Her epic monster-themed bash at Covent Garden’s five-star NoMad hotel was still going strong at 3am. Celebrities including fellow winner Dua Lipa, 28, and ceremony co-host Roman Kemp, 31, partied in its basement Common Decency club.
They were treated to a performance by International Group nominees Gabriels, while dancers wore 8ft inflatable monster and lobster costumes. Kylie, 55, had magnums of her own branded wine served to guests, with prosecco on tap as well as cocktails themed to the famous faces at the Warner Music event.
At 4pm yesterday Dua and Girls Aloud star Nicola Roberts, 38, were groaning about their hangovers. Australian pop legend Kylie who also closed the BRITs ceremony with a medley of chart hits put her younger pretenders to shame. She emerged looking fresh faced at 3am, still carrying her award, after being named a Global Icon. Charli XCX, 31, continued her celebrations in a suite at the hotel.
Elsewhere stars including Dancing On Ice judge Oti Mabuse, 33, headed to London’s 180 The Strand to see Spice Girl Mel C, 50, DJ and rapper Eve, 45, perform for guests at Universal’s party. Singer Jess Glynne, 34, and her girlfriend, football pundit Alex Scott, 39, went to record-breaking BRITs winner Raye’s afterparty at The Standard hotel.
Raye won the most prizes by an artist in a single year with six. The London-born star made history with her last prize for the album My 21st Century Blues. She also won the gongs for Artist of the Year, Song of the Year for Escapism featuring 070 Shake, New Artist, R&B Act, and Songwriter.
Raye and Kylie gushed about each other as they collected their awards. The 26-year-old wore slippers on the red carpet and as she got into a taxi. An average viewership of three million watched the BRITs show on ITV1 on Saturday between 8.30pm and 10.50pm, according to overnight figures. Radio 1 presenter Clara Amfo, 39, and Love Island star Maya Jama, 29, also hosted alongside The One Show’s Roman. Last year, ITV put the average at 3.3 million viewers.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.