Billie Eilish is having a better year than most, from award show wins to her inescapable hit “Birds of a Feather” dominating the summer. Next, the singer is set to start her Hit Me Hard and Soft tour, which could explain why she was missing in action from the 2024 MTV VMAs despite having four nominations. 
The singer was nominated in three categories: Video of the Year, Video for Good, and Song of the Summer. She had double nominations in the Song of the Summer category for her song “Birds of a Feather” and her feature on Charli XCX’s “Guess.”
During a recent interview on Jimmy Kimmel Live, Eilish shared that she and her frequent collaborator and brother, Finneas, produced “Birds of a Feather” while on the road in an SUV in Brazil. “This is a very normal thing for me and Finneas, that we’re always finding ourselves working in the most, kind of random places,” she explained, adding that her Bond film hit “No Time to Die” was recorded in a tour bus bunk bed.   
“This is my favorite thing I’ve ever made, and I feel so proud of it,” she said of the songs on Hit Me Hard and Soft, released in May 2024. “I love them all so much.” 
Eilish’s emotional Barbie soundtrack hit “What Was I Made For” won the Video for Good MTV VMA Moonman. She adds to her collection of 2024 awards show wins, which already includes a Grammy for Song of the Year for “What Was I Made For?” and an Oscar for Best Original Song for the same track.
Why SZA Skipped the 2024 MTV VMAs
Taylor Swift’s After-Party Look Has Easter Eggs
A Look at Chappell Roan’s Additional VMAs Look
Taylor Gushes About Travis and Urges Fans to Vote
Taylor Swift Honors 9/11 Victims in Speech
See Megan Thee Stallion’s VMAs Performance
Chappell Roan Wins Best New Artist at 2024 VMAs
Watch Camila Cabello’s VMAs Performance
How Taylor Supported Katy at the MTV VMAs
All the Looks From the 2024 MTV VMAs
Watch Chappell Roan’s VMAs Performance
Taylor Swift Changes Into Second VMAs Dress
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.