The Grammy nominee looked unassuming and unbothered on the streets of NYC
Every product on this page was chosen by a Harper's BAZAAR editor. We may earn commission on some of the items you choose to buy.
What I would give for Charli XCX to come crashing through my roof like out of a scene in Get Smart. Destroying public property? Now that’s brat (just kidding).
Yesterday afternoon, the “Von Dutch” singer was spotted out and about in the Financial District of New York City, where she rocked a sleek black jumpsuit from Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello. The look made it seem like the Grammy nominee was gearing up to jump out of a plane or maybe engage in some reconnaissance (or both).
The cotton twill jumpsuit was defined by its large cargo pockets, including two giant ones stitched onto the pant legs, as well as two more decorating the top. Her base screamed workwear, but Charli added a few accessories to dress up the look, including a motorcycle belt and a calfskin bag, both from Saint Laurent too.
She rounded out her ensemble with pointy heels, visor sunglasses, and a set of braided leather gloves, which only added to the overall mystique. As for beauty, Charli rocked a strawberry-pink lip and tied her hair up into a pony, with a few crimped strands left to dangle in front of her face.
While green may be the color that has defined Charli XCX this year, black is actually the tone that she’s probably worn the most. She chose inky looks for a number of recent appearances, including The Wall Street Journal’s Innovator Awards in October and the Balenciaga haute-couture show back in June. A large portion of her street-style ensembles have been heavy on the black as well. It’s fun to think that while she got everyone else embracing brat green, Charli was sticking to her true colors.
Prince Harry Says He May Not Return to the U.K. 
George Clooney Played Softball In Central Park
Hunter Schafer Gives the Tracksuit a Playful Twist
Blake Lively Wears a “Wedding Gown” on Late Night 
Bella Hadid Glows in a Bubblegum-Pink Set
J.Lo’s Dress Shimmers Like a Starry Night Sky
Hailey Bieber’s Party Dress Is Made of Watches
Princess Charlotte's Birthday Portrait, by Kate
Kendall Jenner’s Halter Plunges to New Depths
Florence Pugh Steps Out in Five Different Looks
Kate and William Show Rare PDA in New Photos
Dua Lipa Looks Cool In Leather Pants
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.