Haven’t heard of The Dare? Well, if you’ve had a ‘Brat Summer’ there’s a good chance you probably have. The suit-clad New York-based artist and producer is the epitome of cool at the minute. From producing Charli xcx and Billie Eilish’s sultry chart-topper Guess to spearheading NYC’s electroclash revival scene with his Freakquencies club nights – or even nostalgically bringing it back to 2007 and sparking up a cig behind the decks – everyone wants a piece of Harrison Patrick Smith.
So, what better time for The Dare to share his debut album than now? Following on from his debut Sex EP, released last year, What’s Wrong With New York? oozes confidence and sex appeal. Beginning with Open Up, Smith’s snarling vocal immediately takes hold. 'Free your mind and your ass will follow,' he sings, setting the scene for the lust that sprawls across the album amid slick, distorted guitar lines reminiscent of Albert Hammond Jr. Good Time takes a leaf out of the LCD Soundsystem notebook with boisterous yells, stuttering synths and a magnetic dance-punk energy that’s a staple to The Dare’s live sets and an enticing call to action to, well, have a good time.
His divisive breakout track Girls, a homage to the raunchiness of early 00s electroclash, fully embodies The Dare’s unabashed persona and provides the album’s biggest stand out moment ('I like the girls who like to lie that they came / Girls who fuck on the train / Girls who got so much hair on they ass, it clogs the drain'). Perfume follows suit with gripping CSS-esque production, while previously unheard numbers I Destroyed Disco and You’re Invited permeate with the sweat and hysteria of a raucous indie club night in a dingy Manhattan basement.
There are some surprises though. Elevation offers a more introspective side to the album, with its inward looking lyrics exploring themes of fear and longing amidst drug use and relationships heightened by atmospheric reverbs and melodic vocals. Movement channels the overwhelming sensations of drug-highs via cacophonous distorted synths while album closer You Can Never Go Home rounds things off in the same hedonistic fashion that it started with, its do-or-die mantra to live in the moment: 'Don’t look back tonight / Tonight is all we know / Leave everything behind / Cause you can never go home.'
Sonic debauchery laced with moments of introspection, The Dare’s debut is worth the hype.
Listen to: Girls, Perfume, Elevation