Ryan Smith is a Newsweek Senior Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in London, U.K. His focus is reporting on pop culture and entertainment. He has covered film, TV, music, and Hollywood celebrity news, events, and red carpets for more than a decade. He previously led teams on major Hollywood awards shows and events, including the Oscars, Grammys, Golden Globes, MTV VMAs, MTV Movie Awards, ESPYs, BET Awards, and Cannes Film Festival. He has interviewed scores of A-list celebrities and contributed across numerous U.S. TV networks on coverage of Hollywood breaking news stories. Ryan joined Newsweek in 2021 from the Daily Mail and had previously worked at Vogue Italia and OK! magazine. Languages: English. Some knowledge of German and Russian. You can get in touch with Ryan by emailing r.smith@newsweek.com.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
Vice President Kamala Harris' stepdaughter, Ella Emhoff, has shared her first social media post since it was revealed that her stepmother had secured enough delegate support to clinch the Democratic presidential nomination.
According to an Associated Press survey, Harris has garnered the backing of at least 2,668 delegates, surpassing the 1,976 needed to win the nomination on the first ballot at the Democratic National Convention.
The survey put the number of undecided delegates at 54 as of Tuesday morning. This development comes just days after President Joe Biden's July 21 announcement that he would not be seeking reelection in the 2024 race, following weeks of pressure from within his own party and from key Democratic donors to step down amid concerns over his age and mental acuity.
Amid the wave of attention around Harris' presidential run, British-born singer Charli XCX took to X, formerly Twitter to compliment the former California senator in a most unconventional manner. "kamala IS brat," she declared in a July 21 post that has gone veritably viral garnering more than 46 million views as of press time.
The post caught the eye of Ella Emhoff, the 25-year-old daughter of Harris' husband, Doug Emhoff. Sharing a screenshot of the singer's post on her Instagram Story, the model and fashion designer responded on Sunday: "@charli_xcx gets it."
She completed her post by adding Charli XCX's hit song "Apple" as the soundtrack.
Brat is the name of the recently-released album by Charli XCX, whose real name is Charlotte Emma Aitchison. Since the album's June 7 release, its singles, "Girl, So Confusing" and "Apple," have become viral hits on TikTok. It has also spawned the "Brat Summer" movement, which prides itself on bucking conventions.
"You are just that girl who is a little messy and maybe says dumb things sometimes, who feels herself but then also maybe has a breakdown, but parties through it," Charli XCX explained in a TikTok video. "It is honest, blunt, and a little bit volatile. That's Brat. Think Courtney Love in the '90s, Amy Winehouse in the early aughts, and Ke$ha in the 2010s."
Harris' campaign appears to have accepted the compliment. The @KamalaHQ account on X has undergone a subtle makeover, with its background image featuring the neon green shade and narrow font used for the Brat album artwork.
Ella Emhoff signed a deal with powerhouse agency IMG Models following Biden's 2021 inauguration. The model—whose father is a lawyer and mother, Kerstin Emhoff, a film producer—has posed for a range of high-end and popular labels, including Mulberry, Louis Vuitton, Balenciaga, Simone Rocha, Calvin Klein, Miu Miu, Lacoste, Stella McCartney, and Proenza Schouler.
Along with her older brother, Cole Emhoff, the model refers to her stepmom as "Momala." In a New York Times interview after Biden and Harris won the election in 2020, Emhoff described the relationship between her parents and her stepmother as positive.
"They have good communication between the three of them. They are really a unit, like a three-person parenting squad. It's really cool," she told the publication.
Newsweek is committed to journalism that's factual and fair.
Hold us accountable and submit your rating of this article on the meter. 
Newsweek is committed to journalism that's factual and fair.
Hold us accountable and submit your rating of this article on the meter. 
Ryan Smith is a Newsweek Senior Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in London, U.K. His focus is reporting on pop culture and entertainment. He has covered film, TV, music, and Hollywood celebrity news, events, and red carpets for more than a decade. He previously led teams on major Hollywood awards shows and events, including the Oscars, Grammys, Golden Globes, MTV VMAs, MTV Movie Awards, ESPYs, BET Awards, and Cannes Film Festival. He has interviewed scores of A-list celebrities and contributed across numerous U.S. TV networks on coverage of Hollywood breaking news stories. Ryan joined Newsweek in 2021 from the Daily Mail and had previously worked at Vogue Italia and OK! magazine. Languages: English. Some knowledge of German and Russian. You can get in touch with Ryan by emailing r.smith@newsweek.com.
Ryan Smith is a Newsweek Senior Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in London, U.K. His focus is reporting on pop culture and entertainment. He has covered film, TV, music, and Hollywood celebrity news, events, and red carpets for more than a decade. He previously led teams on major Hollywood awards shows and events, including the Oscars, Grammys, Golden Globes, MTV VMAs, MTV Movie Awards, ESPYs, BET Awards, and Cannes Film Festival. He has interviewed scores of A-list celebrities and contributed across numerous U.S. TV networks on coverage of Hollywood breaking news stories. Ryan joined Newsweek in 2021 from the Daily Mail and had previously worked at Vogue Italia and OK! magazine. Languages: English. Some knowledge of German and Russian. You can get in touch with Ryan by emailing r.smith@newsweek.com.
Ryan Smith is a Newsweek Senior Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in London, U.K. His focus is reporting on                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC