The electronic track was co-written by Tove Lo 
The 1975 drummer George Daniel has shared his debut solo single – listen to ‘Screen Cleaner’ below.
The musician, producer and DJ released the glitchy dance track yesterday (August 1) on dh2 – the electronic imprint he spearheads via The 1975’s label, Dirty Hit.
Daniel’s debut song boasts chopped-up vocal samples, hi-hats and synths across its three-minute-30-second duration. The single was co-written by Tove Lo and Tim Nelson, the latter of whom also co-produced ‘Screen Cleaner’ under his TimFromTheHouse moniker.
Tune in here:
A post shared by George daniel (@bedforddanes75)
Daniel recently earned co-writing and production credits on his fiancé Charli XCX‘s new album, ‘Brat’. He is credited on ‘Club Classics’ – where Charli sings “I wanna dance with George” – and the viral hit ‘Apple’.
Reacting to ‘Screen Cleaner’ on Instagram, Charli wrote in Daniel’s comments section: “Sexy, hot, 1 of a kind, legendary, talented, tall.”
He has been previewing his new material throughout the summer, including appearances with Charli at Glastonbury 2024, Boiler Room New York, Ibiza’s Amnesia and The Floor with Jamie xx at Venue MOT in London.
The ’75 drummer co-produced The Japanese House‘s 2019 debut album ‘Good At Falling’ and its 2023 follow-up ‘In The End It Always Does’. Additionally, he has worked with the likes of Caroline Polachek, Beabadoobee and No Rome.
George Daniel performs live with The 1975. CREDIT: Shirlaine Forrest/Getty
A launch party for dh2 took place in London last month, with performances from Daniel, Kelly Lee Owens, Oscar Farrell and TimFromTheHouse. Upon announcing the event, Daniel wrote: “I am so happy and excited to announce my new label dh2. Let’s go.”
The 1975 released their fifth and most recent studio album, ‘Being Funny In A Foreign Language’, in 2022.
During the final date of their 2024 ‘Still… At Their Very Best’ UK tour, frontman Matty Healy revealed that the band were working on their next full-length record and briefly teased a new song.
The 1975 are currently on an “indefinite hiatus” from live performances after wrapping up their latest run of shows. Back in March, Healy shared an ambient solo track called ‘Loads Of Crisps’.
In other news, The 1975 have been sued for $2.4million (£1.9 million) by Good Vibes Festival in Malaysia over the band’s onstage kissing incident last year.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.