2024 is already going to go down as one for the ages thanks to these summer bangers. Check out our summer songs of 2024 to see why. 
Skiddle Staff
Date published: 23rd Jul 2024
Summer isn’t quite over yet, but we’ve already been spoilt for choice on bangers. The season has had everything, including brat summers, rising stars, the return of big industry names and some crazy feuds bubble to the surface, and it’s not even over yet! 
Even so, we’re calling it now that these tracks will all go down as some of the best summer songs of 2024. Let’s get it into it.  
Espresso - Sabrina Carpenter 
An inescapable track this year, the superstar rise of veteran pop star Sabrina Carpenter in 2024 can only be understood by the domination of ‘Espresso’ on the airwaves. Carpenter released the track just before her performance at Coachella and since then her fanbase has grown and caffeine intake has spiked. If we had to pick what best represents a summer 2024 song, this might just be this one. 
Von Dutch - Charli XCX 
The summer of 2024 has belonged to Charli XCX, as many have tried to replicate the “brat summer”. With this heart-raising banger, she kicked off the pitch-perfect promotion of her acclaimed sixth album Brat. The piercing lyrics, clever interpolation of noughties house hit ‘Yeah Yeah’ and pounding production made this a favourite of both the album and the summer. 
Good Luck, Babe! - Chappell Roan 
A rising star who exploded this summer, Chappell Roan followed up on the fame and acclaim of her 2023 debut album with ‘Good Luck, Babe!’, an playful yet melancholy anthem that took the season by storm. Its lyrics chronicled compulsory heterosexuality and its trappings, while its now famous bridge led to sing-a-longs on social media and beyond.
Birds of a Feather - Billie Eilish 
Billie Eilish returned with her third album this year, dropping its second single and a top 2024 summer song ‘Birds of a Feather’ in early July. This breezy new-wave inspired cracker is both an earworm and a showcase of Eilish’s emotional side in the best way. 
MILLION DOLLAR BABY - Tommy Richman 
Anyone with a TikTok account and ears will be able to recognise this 2024 summer hit. Based on the snippets being shared around the site, it’s not hard to see why people kept coming back to it. It’s funky, catchy and refuses to be pinned down to one genre. Quite the introduction to Tommy Richman. 
She’s Gone, Dance On - Disclosure
Disclosure just can’t stop putting out the bangers. ‘She’s Gone, Dance On’ captures a summery Ibiza dancefloor like no other 2024 track can, and shows the duo still haven’t lost a step. Expect to hear this one at parties for years to come. 
we can’t be friends (wait for your love) - Ariana Grande
The summer of 2024 has seen just as many established stars return with a vengeance. This track from Ariana Grande’s seventh album Eternal Sunshine showcases the pop star at the peak of her powers once more while also acknowledging Grande’s fraught relationship with the media. 
TEXAS HOLD ‘EM - Beyonce 
‘Break My Soul’, the big hit from Beyonce’s previous album Renaissance, was a no-brainer for the best summer songs of 2022. Two years on and a genre switch later, ‘TEXAS HOLD ‘EM’ from her 2024 follow-up Cowboy Carter easily slots into this list.
Too Sweet - Hozier 
A bit of silky smooth soul pop that the radio just couldn’t get enough of, ‘Too Sweet’ perfectly sountracked the sunshine in 2024. Hozier’s signature crooning and the track’s catchy production sent ‘Too Sweet’ to the top of the charts, and it’s not hard to see why. 
Not Like Us - Kendrick Lamar 
A new feud gripped the hip-hop community, as genre heavyweights Drake and Kendrick Lamar traded blow after blow in quickly composed diss tracks. The one that we think will define the summer for years to come has to be Kendrick’s sharp and wince-inducing dagger ‘Not Like Us’. By the end of the four-and-a-half-minute diss track, there was little doubt on who came out on top. 
There have been so many great summer hits in 2024. But there were some crackers back in the day too.. Check out the best songs in 2010, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, 2021, and 2022. 
Check out our What's On Guide to discover even more rowdy raves and sweaty gigs taking place over the coming weeks and months. For festivals, lifestyle events and more, head on over to our Things To Do page or be inspired by the event selections on our Inspire Me page.
Read more news
live news
club news
festival news
all latest news
Order History / Your Tickets
Gigs  ●  Clubs  ● 
                    Festivals ● 
                    Things to do
“On your side since 2001, because we believe true fans deserve a
                    fairer and smarter way to discover events they love.”
© 2001 - 2025 Skiddle Ltd  |  Skiddle is a registered
                    trademark  |  ALL RIGHTS RESERVED

        We use cookies to make sure we give you the best experience possible. By continuing, you're accepting that
        you're happy with our cookie policy. Click
        here
        to find out more.
    
❌