NBC
After having Dave Chappelle host the show after the 2016 and 2020 elections, Saturday Night Live has announced that fellow stand-up Bill Burr will be hosting this year’s post-election show on Saturday, November 9.
According to NBC and Saturday Night Live, beloved stadium comedian Bill Burr will serve as host of the Saturday, November 9 episode alongside musical guest Mk.gee. Burr previously hosted Saturday Night Live in the year 2020 to promote his Judd Apatow-directed comedy The King of Staten Island.
NBC also hosted that Charli XCX will pull double hosting and musical duties the following Saturday, November 16.
the next two shows!!! #SNL50 pic.twitter.com/NvGiUXTijH
— Saturday Night Live – SNL (@nbcsnl) October 31, 2024
Last year, in 2023, Burr made his feature directorial debut with the Netflix film Old Dads. In 2025, Burr will be making the jump to Hulu, as he has a new stand-up special coming to the streaming service next year. 2025 will also see Burr make his Broadway debut as he’ll be playing Dave Moss in a stage adaptation of Glengarry Glen Ross.
Burr’s first Saturday Night Live monologue in 2020, which you can watch below, certainly produced the type of reaction one would expect from the acclaimed comedian, as he used his set to take shots at cancel culture and “woke white women.”
“The way white women somehow hijacked the woke movement — generals around the world should be analyzing this. Just to refresh your memory, the woke movement was supposed to be about people of color, not getting opportunities, the at-bats that they deserved and finally making that happen,” Burr said.
“And it was about that for about 8 seconds and then somehow white women swung their Gucci booted feet over the fence of oppression and stuck themselves at the front of the lines. I don’t know how they did it, I’ve never heard so much complaining in my life from white women, ‘My life is so hard with my SUV and my heated seats, you have no idea what it’s like to be me!'”
Burr, who has released seven Netflix stand-up specials since 2010, is largely known for his observational comedy, particularly as it relates to societal norms and political correctness. While Burr has not publicly endorsed a political candidate, he does support causes such as gun control and abortion rights.