By AMELIA WYNNE FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  08:46, 3 March 2024   |  Updated:  16:18, 3 March 2024   
 360
View  comments
The Brit Awards 2024 were filled with many memorable moments this year as the stars returned to the 02 Arena for the biggest night in music.
Raye was the big winner on the night, scooping six gongs as she made an emotional appearance on stage.
This year's ceremony was hosted by Clara Amfo, Maya Jama and Roman Kemp who took the helm on the big night.
There were plenty of big moments including Roman's savage dig at Christian Horner, Raye's appearance on stage with her grandma and Kylie Minogue's hilarious 'shoey' drinking moment.
Here MailOnline takes a look at all the viral moment from the Brit Awards 2024:
Roman Kemp made a dig at the Christian Horner scandal which is currently dominating the headlines, during the BRIT Awards on Saturday night
Roman Kemp made a dig at the Christian Horner scandal which is currently dominating the headlines, during the BRIT Awards on Saturday night.
The Capital Radio host was part of the presenting team, alongside Maya Jama and Clara Amfo, for the star-studded ceremony at London's O2 which was broadcast on ITV.
Roman made a cheeky quip about Red Bull boss Christian during the live show, which took place just hours after Horner put on a united front at the Bahrain Grand Prix with his wife Geri Halliwell.
Whilst milling around the guests at the ceremony, Roman quipped: 'It's busier here than at team Red Bull's press office.' 
It comes amid allegations relating to the leak of hundreds of WhatsApp messages which appeared to be written by Horner to a female colleague.
Roman made a cheeky quip about Red Bull boss Christian during the live show, which took place just hours after Horner put on a united front in Bahrain with his wife Geri Halliwell
Whilst milling around the guests at the ceremony, Roman quipped: 'It's busier here than at team Red Bull's press office'
SONG OF THE YEAR - RAYE ft 070 Shake - Escapism
ARTIST OF THE YEAR - RAYE 
ALBUM OF THE YEAR - RAYE, My 21st Century Blues 
GROUP OF THE YEAR - Jungle 
GLOBAL ICON - Kylie Minogue 
DANCE ACT - Calvin Harris 
ALTERNATIVE ROCK - Bring Me The Horizon 
HIP HOP/GRIME/RAP ACT - Casisdead
 INTERNATIONAL GROUP OF THE YEAR - Boygenius
INTERNATIONAL SONG OF THE YEAR - Miley Cyrus - Flowers 
INTERNATIONAL ARTIST - SZA 
POP ACT - Dua Lipa 
BEST NEW ARTIST - RAYE 
BRIT RISING STAR - The Last Dinner Party 
R&B ACT - RAYE 
The messages came on Thursday, just 24 hours after Horner was cleared to continue as Red Bull head following an internal probe into 'inappropriate behaviour' by the F1 team's parent company, Red Bull GmbH.  
Horner, who has always denied the claims, said previously: 'I have the support of an incredible family, an incredible wife, an incredible team and everybody within that team.
'And my focus is going on racing, winning racing and doing the best I can. It was a day about starting the season in he best possible way. My focus is on this team, my family, my wife and racing.'
Raye called her grandmother Agatha Dawson to the stage with her as she collected Album Of The Year at the Brits on Saturday - and viewers at home were left in tears.
Looking at her grandmother, the singer, 26, said through tears: 'I want to thank my grandma for her prayers. My grandma is awake until 3AM praying for me and my beautiful sisters. I love you so much.'
Raye, who wore a stunning white gown, then looked to the audience and revealed: 'My middle name is Agatha and this Agatha Dawson, ladies and gentlemen.'
She stood back and allowed Agatha, who looked beautiful in traditional Ghanaian kente cloth, to bask in the rapturous applause that filled all corners of the O2.
Raye, 26, called her grandmother Agatha Dawson to the stage with her as she collected Album Of The Year at the Brits on Saturday - and fans can't get enough
Raye said through tears: 'I want to thank my grandma for her prayers. My grandma is awake until 3AM praying for me and my beautiful sisters. I love you so much'
Raye won a massive six Brits on Saturday night - the most any artist has won at once - and she celebrated in her bedroom slippers
The Escapism singer continued: 'I'm so sorry, I want to thank all of the writers. I'm ugly crying on national television. I love music. All I wanted to be was an artist and now I'm an artist with an Album of the Year. Thank you so much, come on grandma, let's go.'
Emotional fans took to X, formerly Twitter, and said: 'Not me sitting here crying for raye no one deserves it more than her!!! and shoutout to grandma in the kente!!!'
'Me telling my grandkids about Raye bringing her grandmother Agatha onto the #BritAwards stage to accept album of the year: [GIF of a man saying 'pretty amazing'].' 
'Raye bringing her grandma up on stage for her album of the year win and then full on crying has me emotional.'
Viewers were left less than impressed by another Roman quip on Saturday night.
The presenter called Green Day 'the America Busted' igniting the fury of fans of the hugely successful US band.
Tré Cool and Billie Joe Armstrong of the American pop punk band attended the award ceremony to present the Best British Group award, with Roman introducing them.
'To present our next award for British group are two genuine rock gods,' he said.
'They have sold over 75 million records and released 14 albums - they are very much the American Busted. Please welcome from Green Day, Billie Joe Armstrong and Tré Cool.'
Tré Cool and Billie Joe Armstrong of the American pop punk band attended the award ceremony to present the best British group award, with Roman introducing them
Viewers were less than impressed with the joke
Viewers weren't impressed with the joke, with one tweeting: 'I think Green Day being called 'the American Busted' might be the most insulting thing I've ever heard. Ever. #BritAwards.' 
Another asked: 'Did he just call Green Day the American Busted #BritAwards.'
She spends most of her time living in the UK, but Kylie Minogue proved she still calls Australia home during the 2024 Brit Awards on Saturday night. 
The 55-year-old music icon, who won the BRITs' Global Icon award, stunned fans by agreeing to participate in the Aussie ritual of drinking alcohol out of a shoe during the awards ceremony in London. 
Host Roman Kemp convinced Kylie to drink her signature rosé wine from her high heels during an interview with the pop star at her table, saying it would be 'amiss' for the pair to not 'go with an Aussie tradition'. 
'So will Kylie Minogue do a shoey with me at the Brits? If I ask for your shoe, can I do that?' Kemp, asked. 
Elsewhere during the chaotic ceremony, Roman convinced Global Icon award winner Kylie Minogue to do a 'shoey' - an Aussie tradition which involves drinking out of a shoe
Kylie seemed baffled by the skit, with one viewer tweeting: 'That interview with Kylie and Roman Kemp was so awkward'
Kylie appeared hesitant at first, asking the crowd: 'Do I do this?' before Kemp held out a pair of black stilettos and filled them with alcohol.
Proving she's a good sport, the All The Lovers hitmaker clinked stilettos with the host and drank the entire shoe in one gulp. 
Later in the evening, Kylie closed the show with an energetic medley of her most famous hits with viewers rightly branding her a 'legend' after she last performed at the ceremony in 2008. 
She looked sensational as she flaunted her age-defying figure in a skimpy white bodysuit which boasted sheer panels.
A former sub-postmistress, who was wrongly accused of stealing £36,000 during the Post Office Horizon scandal, took to the stage at the BRIT Awards on Saturday to accuse the government of lying about paying back postmasters.
Jo Hamilton, whose shocking story was told in ITV's Mr Bates vs The Post Office, presented the first award on the biggest night in British music.
The wronged subpostmistress was joined onstage by Monica Dolan, the actress who played her character in the hit drama which delved into the scandal.
The 66-year-old told the large crowd at London's O2 Arena: 'I want to thank everyone in the country for the love and the support they have given the postmasters. 
'Please can you keep on supporting us because, despite what the Government says, they're not paying the postmasters.'
Former subpostmistress Jo Hamilton (pictured, left) took to the stage at the BRIT Awards tonight to call out ministers for not paying back postmasters. She was joined by Monica Dolan (right), the actress who played her character in ITV's Mr Bates vs The Post Office
Mrs Hamilton presented the first award to Raye (pictured, left) on the biggest night in British music
The audience, who loudly cheered the mother-of-two as she started speaking, then booed after they heard her claims about the Government's reluctance to remunerate victims of the scandal.
MailOnline has contacted the Department of Business and Trade for comment.
Mrs Hamilton was falsely accused of taking the money from the Post Office branch she ran in South Warnborough, Hampshire. 
She eventually pleaded guilty to false accounting in fear of going to jail and was prosecuted in 2006.
The subpostmistress and her husband were forced to remortgage their house twice, borrow money from friends and take £6,000 in donations from the village in order to pay back what was lost.
Roman Kemp made Calvin Harris drink a 'bottle of Harry Styles' bath water' in one funny moment.
In a reference to the film Saltburn Roman sat with DJ Calvin and his wife Vick Hope at their table where he said he wanted to do some shots with him.
He said it was a 'non alcoholic' drink and didn't give anymore details until after when he brought out a bottle labelled 'Harry Styles' bath water'. 
Roman said: 'I know, it is alcohol free, it is at one with the body. I have a mocktail for you. Are you ready for this one?' 
They both downed the shots, then Roman quipped: 'It is a little be salty.' 
Roman Kemp made Calvin Harris drink a 'bottle of Harry Styles' bath water' in one funny moment
He then picked up the bottle and held it up to the camera. 
Roman told Calvin: 'I call it the Saltburn. It is a special brew.' 
Roman said ahead of hosting the show: 'This is a real pinch me moment! Hosting the BRIT Awards - what an honour. 
'I remember watching the BRITs on TV when I was growing up so to be asked to host this year's awards, is a dream come true. 
'It's going to be a privilege to share the stage with so many talented artists and to celebrate the incredible achievements of all the nominees and winners this year. See you there.'
SONG OF THE YEAR 
Calvin Harris - Miracle
Casso x RAYE - Prada
Central Cee - Let Go
Dave - Sprinter
Dua Lipa - Dance the Night
Ed Sheeran - Eyes Closed
J Hus - Who Told You
Kenya Grace - Strangers
Lewis Capaldi - Wish You The Best
Pink Pantheress - Boy's a Liar
RAYE - Escapism - WINNER
Rudimental - Dancing is Healing
Stormzy - Firebae
Switch Disco - React
Venebee - Messy in Heaven
BEST NEW ARTIST 
Mahalia
Olivia Dean
Pinkpantheress
RAYE - WINNER
Yuseff Dayes
ARTIST OF THE YEAR  
Arlo Parks
Central Cee
Dave
Dua Lipa
Fred Again... 
J Hus
Jessie Ware
Little Simz
Olivia Dean
RAYE  - WINNER
GROUP OF THE YEAR  
Blur
Chase & Status
Headie One and K-Trap
Jungle - WINNER
Young Fathers
INTERNATIONAL GROUP OF THE YEAR  
Blink 182
Boygenius - WINNER
Foo fighters
Gabriels
Paramore
DANCE ACT  
Barry Can't Swim
Becky Hill
Calvin Harris - WINNER
Fred Again... 
Romy R&B ACT 
Cleo Sol
Jorja smith
Mahalia
RAYE - WINNER
Sault
ALTERNATIVE ROCK  
Blur
Bring Me The Horizon - WINNER
The Rolling Stones
Young Fathers
Yusseff Dayes
HIP HOP/GRIME/RAP ACT
Casisdead - WINNER
Central Cee
Dave
J Hus
Little Simz
POP ACT  
Calvin Harris 
Charli XCX
Dua Lipa - WINNER
Olivia Dean
RAYE
INTERNATIONAL ARTIST  
Asake
Burna Boy
Caroline Polachek
CMAT
Kylie Minogue
Lana del Rey
Miley Cyrus
Olivia Rodrigo
SZA - WINNER
Taylor Swift
INTERNATIONAL SONG OF THE YEAR  
Billie Eilish - What Was I Made For
David Kushner - Daylight
Doja Cat - Paint The Town Red
Jazzy - Giving Me
Libianca - People 
Meghan Trainer - Made You Look
Miley Cyrus - Flowers  - WINNER
Noah Kahan - Stick Season
Oliver Tree - Miss you
Olivia Rodrigo - Vampire
Peggy Gou – It Goes Like
Rema - Calm Down 
SZA - Kill Bill
Tate McRae - Greedy -
Tyla - Water
ALBUM OF THE YEAR  
Blur - the Ballad of Darren
J Hus - Beautiful
Little Simz - No Thank You
RAYE - My 21st Century Blues - WINNER
Young Fathers - Heavy Heavy
BRIT RISING STAR  
Caity Baser 
Sekou Island 
The Last Dinner Party - WINNER 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group