A beloved high street chain is finally reopening its doors after closing down several of its branches.
Popular fashion retailer H&M is set to reopen several stores across the UK after closing them for renovation. The company revealed it was committed to continuing its sustainability and creating a new vision for its in-person stores.
Earlier in the year, the H&M Group announced plans to open around 100 new stores while closing around 160. As well as this, H&M said they would refurbish 250 stores around the world, including several across the UK.
READ MORE: Every TGI Friday's at risk of closure as takeover of major food chain abandoned – see full list
Click for more of the latest news from across the world from the Daily Star.
Several residents noticed the H&M blocked off in their local area while renovations took place. Officials say this was to launch the new vision of the brand, which refreshed interiors could help accentuate.
As well as this, the H&M brand deleted all of its posts from social media, as well as shared a graphic announcing something coming in London today (September 12), where they plan to cut the ribbon to welcome customers back into their newly re-styled stores.
Popstar Charlie XCX, who released the smash album Brat this year will join the party along with DJ Jamie XX. The website has also had an update, with a new line of clothing ahead of London Fashion Week, which starts on Friday (September 13).
To keep up with declining footfall in high street shops, H&M made the shock decision to introduce a pre-loved section into some of their stores. From today, customers can buy second-hand clothing in selected stores.
The scheme will start in Belgium and France after a successful trial in Barcelona. The collection will include items from H&M and other labels and could be brought over to the UK if it proves popular.
Several shops, which have been closed for months, will open over the next few weeks. Huge ribbon-cutting ceremonies are expected across the UK, starting in London.
The event taking place tonight is members-only, with shoppers who were signed up for the mega-brand's loyalty programme being offered tickets back in August. Charli XCX is expected to release another song and party the night away alongside several models and A-listers.
For the latest breaking news and stories from across the globe from the Daily Star, sign up for our newsletters.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.