The Manchester hardcore festival will return in June alongside a new sister event in London.

													By
												

	Sophie Williams


	The 2025 Outbreak Fest lineup has officially arrived, and for the first time in its history, the festival will host editions in both Manchester and London.

	Leading the pack in Manchester — the original home of the hardcore and punk-focused event — is headliners Knocked Loose, who will be joined by special guests Slowdive alongside Alex G, Danny Brown and Denzel Curry. The festival take over the northern city’s B.E.C Arena on June 14 and 15.





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Danny Brown		
					






















	
		
					Denzel Curry		
					






















	
		
					Slowdive		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	Yesterday (Nov. 26) the festival shared a stacked bill with 33 performing artists confirmed for Manchester so far. Among the acts scheduled to play are: Momma and Drug Church alongside newer names including Militarie Gun, Model/Actriz and Julie. 

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	Kicking things off the day before (June 13), however, will be an Outbreak all-dayer in London’s Victoria Park as part of the new summer series LIDO Festival, which has already confirmed other curated events led by Charli XCX and Jamie xx.

	The festival will welcome Turnstile as headliners, alongside a slew of names from the Manchester edition (including Alex G, Danny Brown, and Feeble Little Horse) plus more artists to be announced. See the lineups below.

	Tickets for both editions of Outbreak 2025 go live at 10am (GMT) on Friday (Nov. 29). Pre-sale options will be available at the same time on Thursday (Nov. 28). Visit the festival’s official website for tickets and further information.

	The 2024 instalment of Outbreak saw Basement headline, alongside sets from the likes of JPEGMAFIA, Soccer Mommy, Show Me The Body, Mannequin Pussy, and Touché Amoré, among others. Founded as a DIY punk festival in Sheffield in 2011, in recent years, Outbreak has moved to Manchester and established itself as a cornerstone of the U.K. alternative scene.
A post shared by Outbreak Fest (@outbreakfest)
A post shared by Outbreak Fest (@outbreakfest)
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.