By AMY LAMARE FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  17:51, 2 December 2024   |  Updated:  18:17, 2 December 2024   
 46
View  comments
Addison Rae wore a revealing summery dress without a bra as she took her black Range Rover to a self-serve car wash in Los Angeles on Monday.
Her red-and-white striped dress was reminiscent of a classic Candy Striper's uniform, minus the white blouse typically worn under it.
As her photo was snapped from the side, the influencer exposed quite a bit of side boob as well as black tape she had over her nipples.
The beauty, 24, kept her makeup minimal and fresh-faced and added a black New Orleans Saints hat to her ensemble. 
Black sling-back heels were her shoe of choice for the day as she rinsed the grime of the city off of her luxury SUV. 
The TikTok star has been making major strides in her pop music career after gaining internet fame on the social media platform. 
Addison Rae wore a summery dress without a bra as she took her black Range Rover to the self-serve car wash in Los Angeles on Monday
Addison recently released Aquamarine, her second single of 2024, following the viral success of Diet Pepsi.
Diet Pepsi reached No. 54 on the Billboard Hot 100 and racked up 174 million streams on Spotify alone.
Addison first entered the music space with the release of her song Obsessed, which came out on March 18, 2021. Her debut EP, simply titled AR, was released on August 18, 2023.
In March, she appeared on a remix of Charli XCX's track, Von Dutch. They previously worked together on 2 Die 4, off AR.
In addition to her music, Addison has landed a handful of acting roles, including starring in a 2021 remake of the 1999 teen comedy She's All That and, most recently, in Eli Roth's Thanksgiving.
The singer will next appear in live-action hybrid movie titled Animal Friends, alongside Ryan Reynolds, which is expected to come out next year.
Last month, Addison addressed whether or not she'd be interested in playing Britney Spears in the upcoming biopic about the Toxic singer after her fans lobbied for the casting. 
'I honestly don’t think anyone deserves to play Britney,' Addison said in an iHeart Music interview.
Her red and white striped dress was reminiscent of a classic Candy Striper's uniform, minus the white blouse typically worn under it
As her photo was snapped from the side, the influencer exposed quite a bit of side boob as well as black tape she had over her nipples
Last month, Addison addressed whether or not she'd be interested in playing Britney Spears in the upcoming biopic about the Toxic singer. Seen here on October 28, 2024
The TikTok star called Britney 'such an enigma and such an icon' and said it's not right to compare the two of them.
'I don't even think it's right to compare me to her at all. I think she really, really created something that is untouchable and so in its own lane that nobody will ever truly be able to replicate what she did for music and even the entertainment industry, I feel.'
Addison went on to state that ultimately Britney should decide who will portray her.
'I support anything and everything that Britney Spears ever wants to do in her life and career, and I think she'll have the best opinion on who she thinks that should be. That's what I'm gonna lean on.'
When the host asked what she would say if Britney were to give her approval, Addison said she 'would be very, very honored if she ever were to say that. I think if she ever were to say anything to me, even if it was something I didn't want to hear, I'd be like, "I'll take it."'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group