Kanye West, Tyga, and Mia Khalifa are among the new faces of Y/Project.
The trio appears in the clothing brand's FW24 lookbook, shortly after Y/Project called off its Paris Fashion Week presentation scheduled for March 3. The collection celebrates creative director Glenn Martens, who's celebrating his 10th year with the brand. In February, the aforementioned Paris show was canceled due to "uncertain times," pointing at a shift in the luxury fashion climate.
Also in the lookbook are Charli XCX, Irina Shayk, Frédérique Hazout, Glenn's father Matthias Martens, and more, all powerfully modeling the structured pieces. In the new FW24 collection are voluminous jeans, oversized autumn coats, plaid flannels, and deconstructed pieces that are both city- and runway-ready.
The innovative collection launches nearly one year after Pascal Conte-Jodra stepped in as appointed CEO, a decision that became publicly official last November.
"Under Glenn Martens' influential vision, the brand effortlessly resonates with the global Generation Z audience, propelling us to the forefront of fashion's evolution, Conte-Jodra said in a statement, per FashionUnited. "I look forward to taking Y/Project to new heights, where innovation, passion and a commitment to authenticity will define our path to success."
music | BY Joe Price
Kanye Scores First No. 1 Song in 13 Years With Ty Dolla Sign Collab “Carnival,” Drops Video for Track
music | BY Alex Ocho
Kanye West Shares James Blake’s Message on Music Industry: ‘Streaming Services Don’t Pay Properly’
music | BY Jaelani Turner-Williams
Tyga and Blac Chyna Had Guests Sign $500K NDA for Son's Baptism
Fanatics
TAKASHI MURAKAMI + DODGERS SHIRT BLUE
Fanatics
TAKASHI MURAKAMI + DODGERS SHIRT WHITE
Fanatics
TAKASHI MURAKAMI + DODGERS SHIRT BLACK
Takashi Murakami
Takashi Murakami + MLB World Tour Tokyo Series 2025 Surippa Ohana Cubs
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.