Thanks to Barbie, the color of last summer was plastic pink. Thanks to Charli xcx, the colour of this summer will be the radioactive green that drenches the cover of her latest album. Brat burns itself into your retinas and, more importantly, etches itself on your eardrums. All the songs are a bit weird, but they’re the kind of strange gems that keep you hitting play again and again.
Ground zero for this latest variant of Charli's rave-pop came in February, when she, along with a gaggle of affiliated DJs, put on a ridiculously oversubscribed Boiler Room show in Brooklyn. The Brat album launch at east London’s Dalston Superstore earlier this month was a similarly sought-after ticket. The Brat tour, which is currently underway in America, is keeping the internet entertained thanks to her off-kilter and alluring charm on stage. “You guys sing this one, I’m just gonna drink some wine,” she asked the audience at her show in Brooklyn this weekend, as the instrumentals for her track “B2b” thundered overhead.
One of the most impressive things about Brat and its publicity carnival is how the weirdness has supercharged, rather than dampened, its popularity. Charli might have pop music credentials, but she also has a long history of working with the avant-garde. Her out-there EP Vroom Vroom, from 2016, had prominent contributions from the late hyper-pop producer Sophie, who gets a touching tribute on the Brat track “So I.” Brat’s joint executive producer is AG Cook, a long-time collaborator who put out a (Charli-featuring) 100-minute experimental opus, Britpop, earlier this year. Other producers buried in the credits include the electronic artists Hudson Mohawke and Gesaffelstein.
All this has helped win Brat ample critical love: it’s currently the highest-rated album of 2024 on Metacritic. It’s also become Charli's biggest commercial success to date, entering America’s Billboard 200 album chart at number three this week; hitting number two on the UK chart, second only to the juggernaut known as Taylor Swift; and scoring triple the streams in its first week as Crash, Charli's previous album. On Crash, Charli “wanted to play a character”, she told British GQ in a recent interview, but it seems that outwardly playing herself has proven her most successful character yet.
Why? With Swift currently packing out Europe’s stadiums for the Eras Tour, there’s no oxygen left for anyone else at the most mainstream, accessible end of pop. But the extremely online, queerer end was there for the taking. Charli planned this annexation perfectly: a video for “360” filled with It-girl royalty from Julia Fox to Hari Nef to Chloë Sevigny; a track, “Mean Girls”, that seemingly pays homage to the leftist-turned-trad-Cath Red Scare podcaster Dasha Nekrasova; an Instagram grid filled with strange outfits and contorted, ironic poses. The audience for this stuff might not be the biggest, but it sets trends—it dictates who everyone else will be listening to in the not-too-distant future. As Brian Eno (probably) said about the Velvet Underground’s first album: it only sold 30,000 copies, but everyone who bought one started a band.
Charli also has an obvious knack for bringing together the right people. Those It-girls and electronic producers are just a small part of the Charli xcx Musical Universe. One of the best tracks Brat has spawned is a remix, helpfully called “The 360 remix with robyn and yung lean”. Beside both being Swedish, not much ostensibly connects Robyn, a 45-year-old pop veteran, and Yung Lean, a 27-year-old cloud rap pioneer and patron saint of all “sad boys” everywhere. But on the track, the trio gel perfectly. Lean boasts about being like “David Beckham in the noughties”, and Robyn delivers a strong contender for lyric of the year: “I started so young, I didn’t even have email / Now my lyrics on your booby”.
This is the caliber of world-building—bringing together collaborators, famous and obscure, in the service of your vision—that Kanye West had in his prime. It makes your collaborators’ audience your audience. It makes you look like the centre of everything. While Charli might not (yet) have ascended to quite the commercial heights of Swift, she has command over a breathtaking range of pop, from club bangers to futuristic ballads and all manner of things in between. Summer has barely begun, but Brat season is here.
More From GQ
Connect
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. GQ may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices