Billie Eilish performs "What Was I Made For?" from "Barbie" during the Oscars on Sunday, March 10, 2024. She'll be in Portland on Dec. 8 for a sold-out show at the Moda Center.Chris Pizzello/Invision/AP
As the epic hot summer of 2024 draws to a close, there is still plenty of live music to enjoy in the Portland area, and even a few outdoor concerts left. The fall concert season kicks off with proficient singer/songwriter Tori Kelly at Crystal Ballroom and rapper/singer Childish Gambino at Moda Center with support from Willow; the season wraps up this winter with a farewell tour from Cyndi Lauper, a sold-out Billie Eilish concert, and a homecoming show headlining Portland’s MAITA.
Through a special arrangement, if you are purchasing tickets for the first time through Vivid Seats, you can use our special discount promo code “Oregon20″ at checkout to save $20 on orders of $200 or more for the event you plan on attending.
Her new album “TORI.” feels like a coming of age for the now 31-year-old singer-songwriter. Her stunning eponymous album is some of the best new pop music out, with Kelly delivering a pop vocal that’s unmatched in her class. In addition to early-career hits like “Dear No One,” and “Nobody Love,” fans will be hoping to hear a couple of the covers that helped launch Tori Kelly into superstardom via Youtube. Pulling inspiration from early-2000s producers like Timbaland Rodney “Darkchild” Jerkins, and acts like Aaliyah, Destiny’s Child, and Missy Elliott, the pop aesthetic leans heavily into R&B territory, with Kelly dabbling in melodic rappishness. The entire nostalgia-driven album sees Kelly putting on an absolute vocal clinic over an array of production that Millennials will find comforting and familiar, resulting in a project that’s easy to consume, with not one song overstaying its welcome. It’s hard to pick a favorite between opening track “Missin U,” which samples “Fill Me In” by Craig David; the Afro-beats-informed “Unbelievable”; the impeccable vocal progression on “Oceans”; the beautifully sung ballad “High Water.”
7:30 p.m. Friday, Sept. 20, McMenamins Crystal Ballroom, 1332 W. Burnside St.; $29.50-$200, crystalballroompdx.com. Also: Vivid Seats, Stub Hub, Seat Geek, Ticketsqueeze.
Childish Gambino performs at the Bonnaroo Music and Arts Festival on Friday, June 14, 2019, in Manchester, Tenn. He'll perform at Portland's Moda Center on Sept. 24.Amy Harris/Invision/AP
Childish Gambino (AKA actor Donald Glover) released two albums in 2024: the soundtrack for “Bando Stone and The New World,” and “Atavista,” a reissue of the American rapper’s fourth studio album, “3.15.20.” The former contains the infuriatingly catchy “Little Foot Big Foot,” which has a darkly humorous music video featuring Quinta Brunson. This tour will reportedly be Glover’s final run performing as Childish Gambino, so this may be your last chance to see him get into iconic releases from “Awaken” like “Redbone,” and the deeply soulful “Terrified,” to “This Is America.” Even casual Willow fans are sure to enjoy hearing spiritual tracks from her latest album, “empathogen,” like the calm progression of “Home,” the anxiety-inducing “run!,” the sparkling and mesmerizing “symptom of life,” and the erudite and appropriately emotive “big feelings.” But perhaps the most anticipated Willow song of the night will be the groovy and rhythmic fan favorite “Wait a Minute!”
8 p.m. Tuesday, Sept. 24, Moda Center; $75.50-$345, ticketmaster.com. Also: Vivid Seats, Stub Hub, Seat Geek, Ticketsqueeze.
Singer Billie Joe Armstrong of the band Green Day performs on ABC's "Good Morning America" at Rumsey Playfield/SummerStage on Friday, July 26, 2024, in New York. The band will play a sold-out show at Portland's Providence Park on Sept. 25.Andy Kropa/Invision/AP
As part of Providence Park’s return to concerts for the first time since 2005, Green Day is one of a couple major acts (along with the Foo Fighters in August) that are a part of the stadium’s debut season back in the music industry. In addition to punk mega stars Green Day, special guests The Smashing Pumpkins, as well as Rancid and The Linda Lindas will also rock the stage.  
5 p.m. Wednesday, Sept. 25, Providence Park; $70-$191, sold out, though some premium suites remain at  timbers.com. Also: Vivid Seats, Stub Hub, Seat Geek, Ticketsqueeze.
CHARLBURY, OXFORDSHIRE: Michael Kiwanuka performs during Wilderness Festival 2024 at Cornbury Park on Aug. 3, 2024. He'll perform with Brittany Howard at McMenamins Edgefield on Oct. 11. (Photo by Jim Dyson/Getty Images)Getty Images
This may be one of the most vibey folk- and roots-rock bills of the season, with British guitarist/singer Michael Kiwanuka headlining and singer/songwriter Brittany Howard (Alabama Shakes). Kiwanuka’s star began to soar after his song “Cold Little Heart” became the opening credits theme song to HBO Max’s “Big Little Lies.” His eponymous album “Kiwanuka” is dark, moody and exceedingly enjoyable, giving him ample material for a stellar setlist. Fans will pile onto the Edgefield lawn early to also hear the vocal talents of Brittany Howard as she sings tracks from her 2024 album “What Now,” and gorgeous soulful tunes like “Stay High,” and Goat Head” from her 2019 album “Jaime.” Contemporary folk guitarist and multi-instrumentalistYasmin Williams is opening the show up with a solo performance of her soothing, finger-style guitar work.
6 p.m. Friday, Oct. 11, McMenamins Edgefield; $80-$371, ticketmaster.com. Also: Vivid Seats, Stub Hub, Seat Geek, Ticketsqueeze.
Sorry, Outkast fans! This milestone show at The Schnitz is all about hearing André 3000 perform songs from his flute-centric album “New Blue Sun.” After picking up an array of flutes – and and being randomly spotted playing flute in the wild by fans – the resulting album was spiritual, ambient, new-agey jazz. Despite the lack of rap, seeing the prolific hip-hop artist perform just about anything in the regal theater of Arlene Schnitzer Concert Hall will no-doubt be a bucket list-worthy event.
8 p.m. Monday, Oct. 14, Arlene Schnitzer Concert Hall, 1037 S.W. Broadway; $59.50, portland5.com. Also: Vivid Seats, Stub Hub, Seat Geek, Ticketsqueeze.
Kehlani typically performs at venues like the Crystal Ballroom, so this tour run notably marks her growth into an arena-level act who can command a large crowd. Unassuming concertgoers are soon to find out that the R&B singer/songwriter’s vocal chops are immediately impressive live, as they casually slay ‘90s-R&B-reminiscent songs from her most recent album “While We Wait 2,” like the sultry “When He’s Not There,” the heartfelt “Border,” and the Brandy-reminiscent “S.I.N.G.L.E.”   8 p.m. Saturday, Oct. 19, Moda Center; $55.50-$175, ticketmaster.com. Also: Vivid Seats, Stub Hub, Seat Geek, Ticketsqueeze.
Reflecting back on his decade-plus career, Wale embarks on the “Every Blue Moon Tour” that will celebrate the 15-year anniversary of his debut album “Attention Deficit,” and perform new songs from his forthcoming eighth album, which is due out on Def Jam this fall. Hope to hear other deep cuts like “The Illest B*tch” from his sophomore album “Ambition.”
8 p.m. Sunday, Oct. 20, Roseland Theater, 8 N.W. Sixth Ave.; $32.50-$182.50, roselandpdx.com. Also: Vivid Seats, Stub Hub, Seat Geek, Ticketsqueeze.
ROSKILDE, DENMARK: Charli XCX performs at Roskilde Festival 2024 on July 5, 2024 in Roskilde, Denmark. She'll perform with Troye Sivan at Portland's Moda Center on Oct. 22. (Photo by Joseph Okpako/WireImage)WireImage
Born Charlotte Aitchison, English singer/songwriter Charli XCX is popular among younger fans for her bright and bombastic electronic sonics, her dry, self-aware, and boundary-pushing pop songwriting that straddles the underground and the mainstream world. While songs like “Boom Clap” might not be for everyone, she’s got an impressive portfolio of songs she’s written for other acts: she contributed the hook and bridge to “Fancy” by Australian rapper Iggy Azalea, the shouty “I Love It” by Icona Pop, “Señorita,” performed by Camila Cabello and Shawn Mendes. Charli XCX’s ascent into full mainstream status appears to have begun; her song “Speed Drive” landed on last year’s “Barbie” soundtrack, and thanks to a tweet where the artist endorsed Kamala Harris’ Presidential run by declaring the politician as “brat,” her new album “Brat” has become crystallized in pop-culture history,
7:30 p.m. Tuesday, Oct. 22, Moda Center; $55.50-$285, ticketmaster.com. Also: Vivid Seats, Stub Hub, Seat Geek, Ticketsqueeze.
For fans of Jimi Hendrix, Van Halen, Tinariwen, and Kikagaku Moyu, Tuareg rock star Mdou Moctar is all about psychedelic guitar work, also incorporating traditional Tuareg melodic music (Takamba) – and utilizing a stringed instrument called a Ngoni, and the Calabash, a percussion instrument – into the music, along with his fully fleshed out band. “Funeral for Justice” follows up 2021′s epic, heartfelt and cinematic “Afrique Victime.”
8 p.m. Wednesday, Oct. 23, Revolution Hall, 1300 S.E. Stark St.; $29.50, revolutionhall.com. Also: Vivid Seats, Stub Hub, Seat Geek, Ticketsqueeze.
Active since 1993, Isaac Brock is now the only remaining original member of the band, since drummer Jeremiah Green died from cancer in 2022. The Portland-based band will play three consecutive nights at one of the Portlandiest of venues, Revolution Hall. Three nights in a row this November, fans will congregate inside the old high school-turned-bar venue to hear early songs that brought them mainstream success, like 2004′s “Ocean Breathes Salty” and “Float,” which feels like an emotional season finale of “Grey’s Anatomy,” and 2007′s “Dashboard.”
8 p.m. Friday-Sunday, Nov. 1-3, Revolution Hall, 1300 S.E. Stark St.; $200.50, revolutionhall.com. Also: Vivid Seats, Stub Hub, Seat Geek, Ticketsqueeze.
Sabrina Carpenter performs during the Governors Ball Music Festival on Saturday, June 8, 2024, at Flushing Meadows Corona Park in the Queens borough of New York. She'll play Portland's Moda Center on Nov. 7. (Photo by Andy Kropa/Invision/AP)Andy Kropa/Invision/AP
Having gained recognition for appearing in the “Boy Meets World” spinoff “Girl Meets World,” Sabrina Carpenter’s career as a singer/songwriter has been taking the pop world by storm with songs like “Espresso,” and its witty, cheeky lyrics. There’s more where that came from on other new songs like “Nonsense,” which is absolutely packed with clever wordplay, on pre-heartbreak anthem “Please Please Please,” the delightfully petty “Good Graces,” and the flirty, lust-powered “Bed Chem.”
7 p.m. Thursday, Nov. 7, Moda Center; $185-$1,200, ticketmaster.com. Also: Vivid Seats, Stub Hub, Seat Geek, Ticketsqueeze.
The new album “Quantum Baby” is the second installment of a planned trilogy from Tinashe, following up her 2023 “BB/Ang3l.” In addition to the bass-driven lead single “Nasty,” other stand-out tracks include “Getting No Sleep” and “No Broke Boys.” Thanks to the success of “Nasty,” Tinashe is playing in larger rooms than she ever has before. Whether it’s the first song or the final song on the setlist, the Roseland crowd will be jumpin’ whenever it’s time to hear 2014′s major label debut single “2 On” live. Opening for the “Match My Freak: World Tour” is Raveena, who’ll heat up the crowd with her distinct blend of soft and tender R&B, and ideally songs like “If Only.”
8 p.m. Friday, Nov. 22, Roseland Theater, 8 N.W. Sixth Ave.; $39.50-$189.50, roselandpdx.com. Also: Vivid Seats, Stub Hub, Seat Geek, Ticketsqueeze.
Cyndi Lauper bids farewell to the concert stage this fall, including a tour stop at Portland's Moda Center on Nov. 30. (AP Photo/Mark Humphrey)AP
This November, septuagenarian pop star Cyndi Lauper comes to Portland to rock the stage one last time. Bringing her “Girls Just Want to Have Fun Farewell Tour” to the Moda Center, she’ll bless Portland-area fans at the top of the holiday season with a nostalgia-powered set that sees her blast through monster pop/dance/new wave hits like “Girls Just Want to Have Fun,” “Time After Time,” “True Colors,” and all the deeper cuts she and her fans are going to miss in retirement.
8 p.m. Saturday, Nov. 30, Moda Center; $35.50-$995, ticketmaster.com. Also: Vivid Seats, Stub Hub, Seat Geek, Ticketsqueeze.
Having grown up right in front of our eyes, the now 22-year-old Billie Eilish’s catalog is pretty deep at this point. The Belieber-turned alt-pop Grammy Award-winning superstar has been making music with her older brother and producer Finneas since their homeschooled beginnings. Eilish’s army of die-hard fans will no-doubt come to the “Hit Me Hard and Soft: The Tour” dressed in their best Billie-esque tomboy core, expecting to hear integral early tracks like 2017′s “Ocean Eyes” (you know, that Soundcloud upload that made her famous), as well as 2019′s playful, upbeat and bass-forward major single “Bad Guy” (which made Eilish the youngest artist to ever have a song top the Billboard Hot 100). Other setlist gems will include the emotive half acoustic/half pop rock breakup anthem “Happier Than Ever,” as well as the somber “Everything I Wanted,” and “Barbie’s” epiphany song “What Was I Made For,” which won Eilish her second Oscar.  
7 p.m. Sunday, Dec. 8, Moda Center; sold out. Also: Vivid Seats, Stub Hub, Seat Geek, Ticketsqueeze.
Fronted by Japanese American singer/songwriter Maria Maita-Keppeler, stalwart Portland-based indie rock band MAITA released their highly anticipated third studio album, want, in July. Highlights include the deeply yearning lead single “Girl at the Bar,” in which Keppeler fantasizes about fixing her relationship by becoming the titular stranger. In addition to getting to hear the majority of the new album live for the first time, showgoers will come to hear tracks from MAITA’s albums “Best Wishes” and “I Just Want to Be Wild For You,” which was made during the pandemic and mines dissociation.
8 p.m. Friday, Dec. 13, Mississippi Studios, 3939 N. Mississippi Ave.; $18, mississippistudios.com. Also: Vivid Seats, Stub Hub.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices