The legend of the tan suit lives... rent-free in Republican's heads, apparently.

							By 

	Marc Griffin

Staff Writer, News

Barack Obama got jokes, and he used a cheeky one to show love to Kamala Harris rocking a tan suit. 

	On Wednesday (Aug. 28), former President Obama uploaded a post to X/Twitter with a picture showing him in his infamous tan suit from 2014 alongside a picture of Harris in a similar-colored pantsuit. “How it started. How it’s going.  Ten years later, and it’s still a good look! http://IWillVote.com,” Barack typed.

	Vice President Harris’ take on the khaki suit look went down during her appearance on the first night of the Democratic National Convention. Harris rocked a flared-leg tan fit from Chloé, designed by creative director Chemena Kamali. But it wasn’t just any khaki-colored ensemble. No, see, the specific color for Harris’ suit was coconut brown. Sound familiar? Well, you’re not the only one. Supporters of the California-based politician saw it as a reference to not only Obama’s Republican-offending outfit, but to Harris’ own political lore.
How it started. How it's going. Ten years later, and it's still a good look! https://t.co/NKXRGNgJPv pic.twitter.com/KeI1gn7HSg

	In 2023, Kamala Harris and Miguel Cardona, the Secretary of Education, gave a speech and referenced coconut trees at the White House Initiative on Advancing Educational Equity, Excellence, and Economic Opportunity for Hispanics. In recalling a saying that her late mother, Shyamala Gopalan, would say, she said, “Everything is in context. My mother used to—she would give us a hard time sometimes, and she would say to us, ‘I don’t know what’s wrong with you young people. You think you just fell out of a coconut tree?’ You exist in the context of all in which you live and what came before you.”

	






















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Kamala Harris Is Ready To Put Her "Boots On The Ground"		
			







	Harris’ speech has now gone super viral across social media, with artists like Charli XCX employing the meme in their album rollouts. And for what it’s worth, Harris was rocking a tan suit during her oration at the time, as well.

	As for Barack Obama, he was paying homage to the tenth anniversary of his tan suit debacle. The former President’s tan look achieved notoriety in 2014 as political pundits, mostly Republican talking heads, criticized him for not “taking the job seriously.” One opponent in particular, Rep. Peter King (R-NY), took aim at Obama and claimed that the United States’ biggest enemies won’t take the country seriously because of Obama’s choice of clothing, which he would then echo on CNN.

	“For him to walk out — I’m not trying to be trivial here — but in a light suit, a light tan suit? ISIS is watching,” King expressed on NewsMaxTV. “If you were the head of ISIS, if you were Baghdadi, if you were anyone in the ISIS, would you come away from yesterday afraid of the United States? Would you be afraid that the United States was going to use all its power to crush ISIS? Or would you think here’s a person who’s going to go out and do a few fundraisers over the Labor Day weekend?”

	










	Watch the video above.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.