Maybe Brat summer isn't over after all?
Christina Perrier is InStyle’s assistant editor and a writer in the fashion, celebrity, and lifestyle spaces.
Greg Swales
 Charli XCX, a.k.a. creator of Brat Summer, might have declared the season over, but it appears that Kylie Jenner isn't ready to let go just yet. The fashion and beauty entrepreneur just posed in a mint-green, figure-hugging gown from her very own clothing brand, Khy.

 In the sexy snap, the makeup mogul posed with her hands on her hips as she donned a slinky green midi dress with sultry ruching throughout, a halter neckline, a completely open back (that also bared some side boob), and a dramatic V-neckline that plunged all the way down to her navel. She let the dress do the talking and ditched jewelry and accessories altogether. As for beauty, she opted for bronzy makeup, a glossy beige lip, and a clean, milky-white manicure and styled her dark tresses in a wavy, wet-hair look.

Greg Swales
 The piece is part of the reality TV star's newest collection in collaboration with Antonin Tron of Atlein. Jenner took to Instagram to share a glimpse of the drop, which launches on September 26. The line features tight ruched skirts, one-shoulder tops, tight-fitting co-ords, and off-the-shoulder minidresses in various pastel colors.

 "Collaborating with @antonintron of @atleinparis has been a dream," Jenner captioned one of the teasers. "We set out to create something that makes you feel confident the moment you put it on. Every piece is meticulously crafted with Antonin’s signature draping, designed to shape and celebrate your body. Our limited edition collection drops during Paris Fashion Week, this Thursday, 9/26 on khy.com."

Greg Swales
 She wrote in another, " I can’t wait for you to see the rest of this beautiful collection 🤭🤭."

 The mom-of-two first launched Khy in November 2023 with the objective of selling high-quality garments at affordable prices, ranging from $48 to $198. The brand is inspired by Jenner's personal style and aims to "embody futurism and timelessness." Her debut drop was in collaboration with Namilia, a highly regarded leather wear designer, and its founders Nan Li and Emilia Pfohl.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)