Azealia Banks is suing Matty Healy for £1million and has sent the singer a cease-and-desist letter after he threatened to 'slap' her after the pair became embroiled in a vicious online spat.
Earlier this week, 35, Matty apologised after threatening to slap musician Banks in a bitter row on X/Twitter. The 1975 singer has been involved in an ongoing feud with the 212 singer since May 2023, when she accused the singer of being “racist” after his former relationship with Taylor Swift came to light.
The latest online spat between Healy and Banks kicked off when Banks commented on a picture of Brat singer Charli XCX, 32, saying “Charli used to be sooo pretty. Ugh.” Healy backed his friend Charli and hit back at Banks as he told her: "All the women you attack seem to be culturally relevant, attractive, divisive and NICE people. I think this makes you jealous cos you’re so talented but everything else about you is a failure. Just rap bro.”
Banks replied, and didn't hold back as she appeared to threaten the singer. She typed: “I still don’t know any of your music but make sure you keep all that s*** behind your keyboard. This is hiphop, and you are very easy to set up. A bad bag, a bad pill. It only costs $200 and an ounce of weed to do you.”
Healy furiously hit back at Banks, as he raged: “I’ll f******slap you so hard I’ll get a Guinness world record for the highest a rat some b***h calls a wig has ever flown.”
The singer quickly backtracked after receiving intense backlash for his comments. In a grovelling apology, Healy typed: "Nah I can’t be saying I’m gonna hit a girl that’s insane I’m sorry. You just can’t keep being so mean about my mates and my mrs it’s really hurtful gets me well defensive.”
He then deleted the threatening post writing it “was not cool even if I was angry.” Banks didn't accept the apology though, as she went on to make several digs about Healy's appearance. She responded with a close-up picture of the singer’s teeth saying: “It’s clear you do not floss enough, don’t use the right toothpaste, should quit cigs, and you wait till after coffee to brush your teeth. Your gums look inflamed like early signs of gingivitis.
“You must brush your teeth first thing in the am because morning breath is not a result of having a closed mouth all night, it’s actually the refuse from what your heart detoxes up while you sleep."
Following their vicious online spat, Banks has now sent Healy a cease-and-desist letter. A cease-and-desist demands someone stop an unlawful activity and refrain from doing it again. The letter often threatens legal action if the recipient does not comply.
The legal letter read: "Dear Mr. Healy. Please be advised that I am legal counsel to superstar Azealia Banks in connection with your threats of violence against my client. If you are represented by legal counsel, please direct this letter to your attorney immediately and have your attorney notify us of such representation.
"Your attacks against my client's professional reputation, your overt racial epithets, and your most recent threats of physical violence against my client have been well-documented since you published them worldwide online (my client saved screenshots prior to you deleting your posts), and your attacks have now been republished in numerous press articles throughout the world.
"Moreover, your removal of the damaging attack posts (under your online pseudonym "Truman Black") and your acknowledgement that your reaction was inappropriate does not undo the damage, but rather constitutes evidence of an admission of guilt by you.
"Upon information and belief, although you do not know my client personally and my client does not know you, you acted intentionally with the specific purpose of causing my client to be shocked, distressed and emotionally injured with your assaults by threat of imminent physical harm.
"Your overt racial epithets (e.g., calling her a "rat") and repeated threats of violence against my client constitute cyber harassment and cyber bullying and violate various Federal and state laws. See, e.g., 18 U.S.C. §2261A, 18 U.S.C. §875, New York Penal Code §120.15. Your threats of violence have caused my client extreme emotional distress. Due to your significant influence as a public figure, you have a duty to avoid reckless statements which have now raised serious concern that your followers may be incited to act upon your posts and commit an act of violence against my client.
"In addition, your publication of false and defamatory statements about my client and her business (e.g., referring to her as a "failure") constitutes slander, libel and business defamation per se in violation of various Federal and State laws. In addition, your actions are likely to interfere with my client's ongoing professional career which constitutes tortious interference, and is a blatant violation of numerous other business statutes.
"Your repetitive wrongful, bad faith and malicious actions have seriously damaged and will continue to damage my client. Rather than commence costly and time-consuming legal action, I have usually found it beneficial for all parties to try to resolve such matters amicably without the need for court intervention - which is why I am writing this letter even as I draft the summons and complaint as per my client's instructions.
"WE HEREBY DEMAND THAT YOU IMMEDIATELY CEASE & DESIST FROM MAKING ANY FURTHER THREATS OR DEFAMATORY STATEMENTS AGAINST MY CLIENT AND DEMAND IS HEREBY MADE FOR (1) A PROMPT PUBLIC APOLOGY TO MY CLIENT (IN A MANNER TO BE MUTUALLY AGREED UPON) AND (2) COMPENSATION FOR DAMAGES IN THE AMOUNT OF $1,000,000.00 IN FULL SETTLEMENT OF THIS MATTER."
The Mirror has approached Healy's representatives for comment.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok , Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.