Enter the username on file and we'll send you a code to reset your password.
A verification code has been emailed to 
Create an account or log in to save stories.
Thanks for liking this story! We have added it to a list of your favorite stories.
On Tuesday, Minnesota Gov. Tim Walz was announced as Vice President Kamala Harris’ running mate for the Democratic ticket for president.
The announcement put the spotlight on Minnesota and its second-term governor with a folksy demeanor, spurring jokes and memes.
Minnesotans jumped at the chance to poke fun at their eccentricities and highlight their culture on the national stage. 
There were jokes about foods, like the tater tot hotdish, Jello salad, Special K bars and lefse seen here. 
MPR News helps you turn down the noise and build shared understanding. Turn up your support for this public resource and keep trusted journalism accessible to all. 
Some referenced beloved musicians with Minnesotan origins, like The Replacements, which started in Minneapolis in 1979.
Minnesotans love to reference the epic Halloween Blizzard of 1991.
People also joked about Walz having “Big Dad Energy” and Minnesota Nice qualities like being helpful to neighbors.
Walz is not afraid to look frumpy and often sports a plain T-shirt and a ballcap, attire he prefers to the suit he must throw on for political engagements. 
As many have pointed out the Maya Rudolph already can do a spot-on Harris impression, some wondered who could now share the stage.
Chappell Roan is a breakout star of 2024 with her album “The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess,” and Charli XCX’s new album “Brat” has led some to call this summer “brat summer” and make videos of Harris to songs from the album. With the announcement, Walz was subjected to the pop star treatment.  
There was this play on the now-infamous Harris quote, “You think you just fell out of a coconut tree?”
Walz, which is pronounced “walls,” also works in the famous lyrics “to the window, to the wall” in the 2003 song “Get Low” by  Lil Jon & the East Side Boyz featuring Ying Yang Twins.