Sign up for our daily newsletter
BGR's team sends an AM subscriber-only newsletter with the top tech & entertainment stories at 9AM ET. Sign up to read it.
By signing up, I agree to the Terms of Use and
					have reviewed the Privacy Notice.

If you buy through a BGR link, we may earn an affiliate commission, helping support our expert product labs.
Apple Music announced the release of its 100 Best Albums of all time. The streaming wants to celebrate the “greatest records ever made,” crafted by Apple Music’s team of experts alongside a select group of artists, including Maren Morris, Pharrell Williams, J Balvin, Charli XCX, Mark Hoppus, Honey Dijon, and Nia Archives, as well as songwriters, producers, and industry professionals. 
Apple Music Says the 100 Best Albums list is an “editorial statement, fully independent of any streaming numbers on Apple Music — a love letter to the records that have shaped the world music lovers live and listen in.”


“100 Best brings together all the things that make Apple Music the ultimate service for music lovers — human curation at its peak, an appreciation for the art of storytelling, and unparalleled knowledge of music and an even deeper love for it,” said Rachel Newman, Apple Music’s senior director of content and editorial. “We have been working on this for a very long time, and it’s something we are all incredibly proud of and excited to share with the world.”
After ten days, the company finally revealed the complete list of the 100 albums. The top 10 include Beyoncé, Amy Winehouse, Frank Ocean, The Beatles, Michael Jackson, and Lauryn Hill.
Sign up for the most interesting tech & entertainment news out there.
By signing up, I agree to the Terms of Use and have reviewed the Privacy Notice.
Upon receiving the news, Lauryn Hill told Apple Music, “This is my award, but it’s a rich, deep narrative, and involves so many people, and so much sacrifice, and so much time, and so much collective love.”











These are the top 10 albums:
To accompany the list, Apple Music also revealed a dedicated microsite with the complete list. Available now at 100best.music.apple.com, the new 100 Best microsite spotlights in-depth analysis of each album, archival interviews, and more.
José is a Tech News Reporter at BGR. He has previously covered Apple and iPhone news for 9to5Mac, and was a producer and web editor for Latin America broadcaster TV Globo. He is based out of Brazil.
Sign up for the most interesting tech & entertainment news out there.
By signing up, I agree to the Terms of Use and have reviewed the Privacy Notice.
BGR’s audience craves our industry-leading insights on the latest in tech and entertainment, as well as our authoritative and expansive reviews.
We guide our loyal readers to some of the best products, latest trends, and most engaging stories with non-stop coverage, available across all major news platforms.
Founded in 2006
Over 2 billion visitors
100K+ articles published
Millions of readers helped

						Honest news coverage, reviews, and opinions since 2006.
-
						Jonathan S. Geller, Founder
BGR is a part of Penske Media Corporation.
© 2024 BGR Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.