'SNL' will return on December 7 following a three-week break for Thanksgiving
The next episode of Saturday Night Live (SNL) has found its host and performer.
During the latest episode of SNL (November 16) – which was both hosted by and featured a performance from Charli XCX – it was revealed that the next episode will take place on December 7 following a three-week break for the Thanksgiving holiday.
When it returns, SNL will be hosted by Gladiator II and Normal People star Paul Mescal, who will be appearing on the long-running skit show for the first time. Performing on the December 7 episode will be singer-songwriter and producer Shaboozey. It will also mark Shaboozey’s SNL debut.
up next, Paul Mescal and @ShaboozeysJeans!!! pic.twitter.com/gKR92uzC97
— Saturday Night Live – SNL (@nbcsnl) November 17, 2024
On the latest episode of SNL, which marked Charli XCX’s third time on the show, she performed ‘360’ and ‘Sympathy Is a Knife’ – both from cultural phenomenon and club album ‘Brat’, which has now earned her seven Grammy nominations. Elsewhere during the show, she also debuted an impression of Adele, which fans have praised and called “so accurate”.
Reviewing the Paul Mescal-starring Gladiator II, NME‘s Alex Flood awarded the movie three stars and said: “If you loved Gladiator, it’s odds-on you’ll enjoy this too. It’s got all of the same exciting bits – swordfighting, rousing speeches, nasty poshos getting what they deserve.
“The problem is that’s all it gives you. You want to feel like you’re watching Maximus lift off his helmet and deliver that iconic monologue for the first time again. You want the thrill of a core memory being unlocked. You want to know you’ll be quoting Mescal’s lines to your mates in the pub for the next 10 years. Gladiator 2, piously respectful as it is, can only offer a faded memory of that experience. There was a dream that was Rome – and this is kind of it.”
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.