The talent agency started representing the two individually for film and TV in 2023.

													By
												

	Lyndsey Havens


Billie Eilish and FINNEAS have a new touring and live events agent in William Morris Endeavor (WME), a representative for the two superstars confirms to Billboard.

	“While grateful to their former live booking agents at Wasserman, Billie Eilish and Finneas O’Connell have opted to have film, TV, and music handled by the same agency, WME, moving forward,” the rep shares.

	WME started representing the two individually for film and TV in January 2023. This move brings all of their solo entertainment needs under one house.




			Trending on Billboard		






	“Billie and Finneas are generational talents, and we are thrilled to build upon our work together as they continue to grow and expand in their multifaceted careers in film, TV and touring,” WME tells Billboard.

	On Sunday (Aug. 11), the siblings performed at the 2024 Summer Olympics Closing Ceremony from the beach in Los Angeles — home of the 2028 Summer Olympics. The two delivered the airy ballad “Birds of a Feather” off Eilish’s third album, Hit Me Hard and Soft.

	Following the performance, the song soared to No. 1 on the Billboard Global 200 and Billboard Global Excl. U.S. charts — Eilish’s first leader on both. Eilish appears on those charts again with her feature on the remix for Charli XCX‘s “Guess,” which currently sits at Nos. 3 and 5, respectively.

	Last week, FINNEAS released his new single “For Cryin’ Out Loud!” It serves as the lead single and title track from his upcoming second album, out Oct. 4.

	On Sept. 29, Eilish will embark on her headlining tour in support of Hit Me. The trek kicks off in Quebec, making stops at New York’s Madison Square Garden in October and ending in December at Los Angeles’ Forum. The outing will head abroad in 2025.
Daily newsletters straight to your inbox
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.