By CARLY JOHNSON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM and CASSIE CARPENTER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  08:31, 28 November 2024   |  Updated:  09:44, 28 November 2024   
 66
View  comments
Julia Fox turned heads once again on Wednesday as she emerged in New York City at sundown.
The style icon, 34 — who recently supported a close celebrity pal on Saturday Night Live — strolled the sidewalk braless in a bizarre white nurse-inspired outfit.
Her look consisted of a backless linen maxi dress with three-quarter sleeves and a demure mock neckline. 
Layered beneath her frock was a matching miniskirt and she walked around in white heels with shoe covers over them.
Fox wore a white scarf over her bleach blonde hair that tied under her chin.
As for makeup, the Uncut Gems star created a bold contrast by rocking vibrant blue eyeshadow, fierce cheek contour and a cool-toned nude lip.
Julia Fox turned heads once again on Wednesday as she emerged in New York City at sundown
The actress, 34, showed off her incredible figure as she went braless under the bold short sleeved cap dress which she teamed with a large Adidas handbag
Fox carried her belongings in an off-white leather Adidas duffle bag. 
She made the sidewalk into her personal catwalk as she showed off her fearless outfit from all angles.
Fox's NYC outing comes just a few weeks after she made a surprise appearance on SNL to introduced Charli XCX's first musical performance on the NBC sketch show.
While Charli may have been the night's host, all eyes were on Fox's incredibly defined six-pack abs. 
After fans accused the 360 video vixen of undergoing surgical liposuction or abdominal etching, she took to Instagram Story last week to spill the secrets to her sculpted midsection. 
'I'm seeing a lot of speculation about my abs. Some are saying I had lipo. Some are saying that I am a man,' Julia - who boasts 3.6M Instagram/TikTok followers - said. 
'I swear to God, I just go to Solidcore. I got to Solidcore, like, almost every day. And if I don't go to Solidcore, I have this machine that I got on the TikTok Shop that I use.'
The nationwide Pilates chain - which offers 50-minute classes on custom-built reformers - charges Brooklyn customers like Fox $22/class with memberships costing between $120/month and $299/month.
At first, the OMG Fashun producer-judge considered being a 'gatekeeper' but then decided to share the details of her magical machine - Pafal Pilates Board - which currently retails for $129.70 on Amazon.
The style icon wore a miniskirt under the bizarre apron 
Julia elevated her frame in a pair of white stilettos and wore a pair of white disposable shoe covers over the top
The Uncut Gems star styled her long blonde tresses loose and wore a quirky head bandage around her face 
Completing her evening ensemble, Julia opted for a bold palette of makeup including blue and white eye shadow and brown lipstick
'But you can get it cheaper on the TikTok shop,' Julia noted.
'Anyway, and that's it really. And I eat everything. I literally eat everything, so that's all folks!'
But back in February 2023, Fox - who mothered three-year-old son Valentino - confessed to ELLE that she has 'used Botox, and once got liposuction' and might do so again.
'I'm, like, saggy-like,' the Down the Drain singer-author admitted.
'Things are not sitting the way they used to. But it's like, I am not gonna do a damn thing about it.'
On Monday night, Julia glammed up to attend the British 32-year-old pop star's surprise concert in Manhattan's Times Square alongside Amelia Gray Hamlin and her BFF Richie Shazam.
Fox just wrapped production on her next project, Christopher André Marks's heist comedy Mykonos, about 'a rag-tag band of noble thieves who steal from the tourists' - according to THR.
In August, Deadline reported that the Milan-born, Manhattan-raised provocateur signed on to star as 'a mysterious and dangerous woman' in William Scoular's indie road trip comedy Northbound alongside Bruce Dern, Hunter Parrish, and Joanna Cassidy.
When Julia Fox introduced Charli XCX's first musical performance on Saturday Night Live, all eyes were on her incredibly defined six-pack abs
After fans accused the 360 video vixen of undergoing surgical liposuction or abdominal etching, she took to Instagram Story last week to spill the secrets to her sculpted midsection 
The nationwide Pilates chain - which offers 50-minute classes on custom-built reformers - charges Brooklyn customers like Fox $22/class with memberships costing between $120/month and $299/month (2014 stock shot)
But first, audiences can catch Julia as a chipper real estate agent called Cece in Steven Soderbergh's psychological thriller Presence, which hits US theaters on January 24.
The 85-minute movie - also starring Lucy Liu - centers on 'a family that moves into a suburban house and becomes convinced they're not alone.'
Fox plays celebrity trainer Jack Flex's (Vito Schnabel) hungry assistant Bee Luciani in Tony Kaye's upcoming 'punk Marvel film' called The Trainer, which has yet to secure a global distribution deal.
The Fantasmas guest star has also been hard at work producing and judging the second season of OMG Fashun, which premieres next May on Peacock.
Julia's other upcoming projects include Justin Tipping's horror film HIM, Matt Sukar's thriller The Deputy, Millicent Hailes' thriller Perfect, and Netflix thriller Night Always Comes.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group