"Just so we're clear, most of the news is trash!"
Pop star Britney Spears has denied working on new music following the end of her conservatorship.
The 'Gimme More' singer has not released any music since 2016's Glory album, despite featuring on Elton John's 'Hold Me Closer' and will.i.am's 'Mind Your Business' – and according to the pop princess herself, fans may be left waiting for the foreseeable future. 
Taking to Instagram to address reports by various outlets that she had enlisted help by the likes of pop star Charli XCX to pen new tracks, Spears confirmed that she would "never return to the music industry."
Related: Britney Spears was "glad" to miss out on The Notebook role
Alongside a classical Baroque painting by Italian artist Guido Reni, Spears dismissed the reports in a lengthy caption to her followers.
"Just so we're clear, most of the news is trash!" she wrote. "They keep saying I'm turning to random people to do a new album… I will never return to the music industry."
Spears then referenced her 2023 memoir, The Woman in Me, which detailed her life through conservatorship, which was terminated in 2021 after 13 years.
"When I write, I write for fun or I write for other people !!! For those of you who have read my book, there's loads that you don't know about me…"
Related: Britney Spears speaks out about split from husband Sam Asghari
The former judge of The X Factor USA also shared that although she won't be back behind the microphone herself any time soon, she's not stepped away from the music industry entirely, and is working as a ghost writer for other artists. 
"I've written over 20 songs for other people the past two years!" she shared. "I'm a ghostwriter and I honestly enjoy it that way."
The Woman in Me is available now.
Charlie Duncan is a freelance news reporter for Digital Spy.
EastEnders confirms The Vic re-opening
Hollyoaks airs Grace suspicions in Lucas collapse
Casualty casts former Corrie star in mystery role
George Lucas finally explains Yoda mystery
Benedict Cumberbatch's new movie gets UK release
Home and Away's Mali to be publicly humiliated
Taskmaster star's beloved show axed after 15 years
Corrie's Sam Aston on filming with "daft" co-star
Stacey Solomon reveals "biggest issue" in marriage
Annihilation lands new UK streaming home
Stand-up Milton Jones reveals cancer diagnosis
CBB's JoJo clarifies friendship with Chris
DIGITAL SPY, PART OF THE HEARST UK ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK
We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England. All Rights Reserved.