London has celebrated the arrival of 2025 with a spectacular fireworks display organised by the Mayor of London, Sadiq Khan.
The annual showstopper saw around 100,000 ticketholders unite on the banks of the River Thames to witness the capital’s biggest-ever celebration of fireworks, lighting and music, with many millions watching from homes around the globe.
More than 12,000 fireworks and 420 lights lit up the sky as the eyes of the world watched London’s unforgettable show, set to a soundtrack of songs and voice-over clips.
This year millions watching at home on the BBC were also treated to a world-first use of hologauze animations to celebrate the new year, creating holographic illusions of British icons and memorable events as the fireworks were taking place.
The special animations included the London Eye being filled with the Union flag in honour of the 80th anniversary of D-Day last year, Olympic medals to celebrate the success of Team GB at the Paris Olympics and Paralympics, and wishing a happy upcoming 25th birthday to official partner the London Eye.
It also featured a world-first special appearance from Paddington Bear sharing a message of hope and unity, and a reference to Charli XCX’s viral ‘brat summer’ which captured millions of young people on social media in 2024.
The wide-ranging soundtrack included hits from Sabrina Carpenter, Natasha Bedingfield, Travis, Sir Elton John, One Direction, Dame Vera Lynn, Panjabi Hit Squad, Tems, and Shaboozey, with voice clips including D-Day veterans, Dame Imelda Staunton, Sir Ian McKellen, Mawaan Rizwan, Carol Kirkwood, Alex Scott MBE, Ellie Simmonds OBE and Sadiq.
The iconic celebration, which began with Big Ben’s renowned chimes, is shown live to many millions around the world and tens of millions more on social media, boosting London’s economy and providing an incredible global advert for our tourism industry. Last year, the BBC’s coverage was the most watched TV programme in the UK, with many millions more watching on the iPlayer and online.
The display attracts thousands of international and domestic tourists to the capital, showing the world London at its best. Analysis of City Hall’s previous events found that New Year’s Eve ticketholders alone generate more than £14m of additional revenue for London’s businesses and economy*, not including the additional revenue generated from visitors without tickets visiting.
The Mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, said: “It’s fantastic to welcome 2025 with our biggest and best-ever New Year’s Eve celebrations. Around 100,000 Londoners and visitors joined together on the banks of the Thames for an unforgettable night of fireworks, lighting and music, while millions at home were able to see our world-first use of hologram animations to celebrate the new year. From honouring the heroes of the D-Day landings to Paddington Bear celebrating our capital’s diversity, I’m proud that we sent a message of hope and love to the world, as we build a better London for everyone.”
Robin Goodchild, Senior General Manager of the London Eye, said: “What an incredible moment to bring in the new year and begin celebrating 25 years of the world’s most iconic ride! We are delighted and honoured to have been the official partner this year, and once again be the iconic location to host The Mayor of London’s New Year’s Eve fireworks. For all those who joined us here onsite, and the millions who watched on TV at home with their friends and family both in the UK and globally, we wish you all a very Happy New Year.”
Labour MP Ian Byrne has slammed his leadership saying that Sir Keir Starmer gave …
Labour MP Ian Byrne has slammed his leadership saying that Sir Keir Starmer gave …
Record global temperatures around 1.4 degrees Celsius above pre-industrial averages led to more heatwaves and floods, longer wildfire seasons and widespread droughts in 2023. A new OECD report …
City Hall has triggered a ‘high’ air pollution alert in London on Thursday due to an increase in air pollution on from mainland Europe. Imperial College London forecasters …
The Unite union who backs Labour has hit out at the government’s net zero plans and has told Ed Milliband “the time to act is now” as they …
Sector specialist executive search firm, Trinity Bridge, has accelerated growth by an impressive 60% over the last 12 months alone, after firmly establishing its niche in the Hospitality, …
WorkJam, the world’s leading digital frontline workplace, has released new survey findings showing that UK retailers fear a looming workforce crisis. Over half (53%) have already frozen recruitment …
St Mary’s Hospital in Paddington, West London was “evacuated” on Thursday just before noon due “to a fire” breaking out. Staff and Patients were evacuated as a precaution …
Rising in ranks in the workplace to a position of power like a manager is not an easy thing. For some people, it takes years of hard work …
Somewhere between conferences, meetings, and jetlag, you need to have a comfortable night’s rest on your business trip. Frequent flyers between Singapore and London will know these two …
Marks & Spencer has said that some of their stores are still being disrupted by the fallout of the cyberattack and there is “pockets of availability.” The retailer …
@2024 - All Right Reserved.
[ms-form id=1]