Marni Rose McFall is a Newsweek reporter based in London, U.K. Her focus is on internet trends, U.S. politics and popular culture. She has covered fashion, culture, art and music extensively. Marni joined Newsweek in 2024 from Frasers Group and had previously written for Cosmopolitan, Schon, The Fall and Voir Fashion. She is a graduate of The University of Edinburgh. You can get in touch with Marni by emailing m.mcfall@newsweek.com.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
Americans view Vice President Kamala Harris as less charismatic than former President Donald Trump, according to a recent poll.
Harris was thrust into the spotlight Sunday as the Democrats' most likely nominee for president following President Joe Biden's announcement that he will not seek re-election. Since then, the vice president has raised a record amount of money and has nearly halved the polling lead Trump had over Biden, according to a RealClearPolitics average of polls.
Challenges, however, remain. Harris is losing to Trump on key election issues such as the economy and immigration, according to a YouGov survey carried out in the days before Biden's announcement. The poll also found that n addition to policy issues, Harris has some personality problems to overcome.
When asked who they thought was more charismatic, just 22 percent of respondents said the de facto Democratic presidential nominee more charming than her Republican rival. Trump was rated more charismatic than Kamala by 49 percent of those asked.
The YouGov poll also found that Harris was considered more honest, compassionate and intelligent that Trump. The former president meanwhile was rated by respondents as more reckless, divisive and arrogant.
Newsweek has reached out to representatives for Harris and Trump via email for comment.
The poll was conducted only between July 19 and July 21 and included responses from 1,123 U.S. adult citizens. YouGov reported that respondents were selected from their opt-in panel using sample matching.
Can Harris change perceptions of her charisma as the election campaign heats up?
Newsweek spoke with Ulrich Jensen, an associate professor in the School of Public Affairs at Arizona State University for his thoughts on that question.
Jensen defines charismatic political leaders as having "excellent rhetorical skills, a strong presence, and are authentic in terms of how they describe and model their values and visions."
He said, "When political leaders do all these well, they are more effective at connecting with the public."
Jensen describes the DNA of charisma as using metaphors, stories and analogies to create appealing images of the future, contrasts to create dramatic effects and rhetorical questions to draw in the listener. He told Newsweek that Harris may be able to change perceptions of her charisma by utilizing these behaviors more.
He also said that "charismatic leaders also must stress their moral convictions as the fundamental part of their vision for society."
Amy Tatum, a lecturer in communications and media at Bournemouth University, England, told Newsweek that, "charismatic leadership comes from how the followers of a leader perceive them. Research suggests that charisma is something that is present in a person naturally."
Tatum told Newsweek that in political leaders, charisma is often centered around how people feel about the specific leader, and the emotions they evoke.
She continued: "There are many barriers in place for women seeking leadership and therefore being perceived as charismatic for women is often more difficult than for male leaders."
Jensen echoed this: "It is important to note that charisma is a gendered term." He said that charisma is "Frequently a leadership quality ascribed to men, but you rarely hear women leaders, even if they are in fact quite charismatic, being described as such."
As for how Harris may address and overcome her charisma problem, Tatum said that "instead of charismatic leadership, Harris could aim for a transformational leadership style, meaning that she would emphasis a connection with her followers and demonstrate an understanding of what they want and need."
She added: "Within this idea of transformational leadership also comes the notion of changing the culture and climate, something which Harris could well do during the campaign in order to demonstrate how her presidency would differ from her predecessor and also how her leadership style would be in opposition to her opponent, President Trump."
Tatum highlighted that, "Harris' team are already running a comprehensive social media campaign, showing the candidate as relevant and modern, in contrast to her much older opposition"
Tatum told Newsweek that "we have seen Harris focus on the personal aspects of her candidacy, emphasizing her sense of humor with her linking with Charli XCX's Brat album in order to become part of this social media trend."
"She is showing herself as an individual apart from Biden and will need to make sure she can do this as she goes forward in order to establish herself as a stand-alone candidate and potential president.
"Harris has shown the more personal sides of herself, she often demonstrates humor and fun when at public events. She will need to balance this with a sense of authority in order to show voters that she has the required gravitas for the role of President."
As the vice president prepares for the Democratic convention in Chicago in August, her campaign will likely focus on reintroducing her to the American public and emphasizing her qualifications and achievements.
Tatum suggested that Harris could learn from other elected female leaders.
"Former Prime Minister of New Zealand, Jacinda Ardern, came to office as young woman and many felt she was unequipped for the top office," Tatum said.
"However, Ardern demonstrated empathetic, transformational leadership that emphasized emotional connection, kindness, and understanding. Her navigation of the Covid 19 pandemic showed that she could balance the empathetic style that came naturally to her, whilst taking decisive action."
Jensen, from Arizona State University, said that there are many excellent examples of charismatic political leaders that candidates can be inspired by. He cited Barack Obama's speech at the Democratic National Convention in 2004 as a masterclass in charismatic communication.
Jensen suggested that being seen as charismatic may be key to successfully winning the White House.
"Whether you enjoy their brand of policy or not, charisma is a powerful tool to connect with a broad audience and bring people together around a common idea, something that's essential for anyone eyeing the oval office."
Do you have a story we should be covering? Do you have any questions about the presidential election? Contact LiveNews@newsweek.com
Newsweek is committed to journalism that's factual and fair.
Hold us accountable and submit your rating of this article on the meter. 
Newsweek is committed to journalism that's factual and fair.
Hold us accountable and submit your rating of this article on the meter. 
Marni Rose McFall is a Newsweek reporter based in London, U.K. Her focus is on internet trends, U.S. politics and popular culture. She has covered fashion, culture, art and music extensively. Marni joined Newsweek in 2024 from Frasers Group and had previously written for Cosmopolitan, Schon, The Fall and Voir Fashion. She is a graduate of The University of Edinburgh. You can get in touch with Marni by emailing m.mcfall@newsweek.com.
Marni Rose McFall is a Newsweek reporter based in London, U.K. Her focus is on internet trends, U.S. politics and popular culture. She has covered fashion, culture, art and music extensively. Marni joined Newsweek in 2024 from Frasers Group and had previously written for Cosmopolitan, Schon, The Fall and Voir Fashion. She is a graduate of The University of Edinburgh. You can get in touch with Marni by emailing m.mcfall@newsweek.com.
Marni Rose McFall is a Newsweek reporter based in London, U.K. Her focus is on internet trends, U.S. politics and                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC