Wilde played Remy “Thirteen” Hadley on the medical show, a bisexual character who dates an Asian-American
Olivia Wilde has revealed that she received “insane death threats” for her character’s interracial relationship in House.
The Booksmart and Don’t Worry Darling director starred in the medical drama as Remy “Thirteen” Hadley from 2007 to 2012, a bisexual character that dates Amy, an Asian-American.
The role was a major breakthrough for Wilde, but in a new interview with Variety, she has shared that she received a stinging backlash from some viewers of the show for her character’s identity.
She revealed that extra security was hired at the studios where House was filmed due to the “insane death threats constantly coming in”, and has reflected on how far attitudes have come in the years since the show was made.
“Seeing what’s on television now, if you watch Euphoria, the fact that my character was shocking and groundbreaking then, it’s like, no, it’s nothing,” she added.
Referring also to her early role on The O.C. where she played another queer character, she explained that she “naturally gravitated towards roles that had a little bit of risk involved,” adding: “I think a huge problem with our business, around the world I imagine it’s the same, when you conflate filmmaking or acting with fame or with large scale acceptance, you immediately cut off every opportunity to do any risky work.”
“And so I think that it was important to me to never become overly focused on being accepted or loved. I’d rather be controversial than boring.”
Wilde is set to star alongside Charli XCX in the upcoming film I Want Your Sex. Directed by Gregg Araki (Mysterious Skin, Kaboom), the film’s synopsis reads: “How far is too far? When fresh-faced Elliot (Cooper Hoffman) lands an exciting job for renowned artist, icon and provocateur Erika Tracy (Wilde), his fantasies come true as Erika taps him to become her sexual muse,” it reads.
“But Elliot soon finds himself out of his depth as Erika takes him on a journey more profound than he ever could have imagined, into a world of sex, obsession, power, betrayal and murder. Featuring outrageous characters and a playful sense of humor, I Want Your Sex will upend expectations in a way that will both shock and delight!”
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.