The city was being taken over by an influx of music superstars and celebrities as the MTV EMAS landed in Manchester.
The music awards ceremony, hailed as one of the largest TV broadcasts across Europe outside of Eurovision, took take place at Co-op Live this evening (November 10) and featured big-name performances and surprises.
Hosted by pop icon Rita Ora, who is returning to front the show for the third time, the EMAs featured performances from the likes of Raye, Pet Shop Boys, Le Sserafim, Shawn Mendes and Benson Boone. 
READ MORE: MTV EMAs 2024: Exclusive first look of the stage ahead of huge show held in Manchester
Ahead of the event itself, which is set to get underway on MTV UK at 9pm and will also begin on Channel 5 from 10pm, a host of top stars walked the EMAs red carpet - including Maya Jama, Raye and Gemma Atkinson. 
This year's EMA winners included Taylor Swift, Ariana Grande, Sabrina Carpenter and Liam Gallagher. 
MTV EMAs in Manchester in pictures as music stars and celebs walk red carpet
We'll be covering the event directly from the red carpet itself, whilst we'll also be in the arena itself to share the latest as the winners for each award are revealed.
Follow our live blog below for all the latest updates on the MTV EMAs.
And that's it! The MTV EMAs in Manchester have now come to an end! 
What a show!
And that’s a wrap on the MTV EMAs! What a show. #mtvemas @CityLifeManc @MENnewsdesk pic.twitter.com/fJ130jtY8Q
Actor Aaron Taylor-Johnson announced that the pop pioneers award was going to the Pet Shop Boys.
The pop duo appeared in front of a starry backdrop, with lasers shooting down around them as they performed.
Dancers in helmets performed around them during West End Girls.
Earlier in the night, a recorded video message from Taylor Swift was played after she was announced as winner in the best live, best video and best artist categories.
All the winners have been announced and they include Taylor Swift, Raye and Liam Gallagher. You can see the full list here.
Best Song
Winner: Sabrina Carpenter with Espresso
Best Video
Winner: Taylor Swift ft. Post Malone with Fortnight
Biggest Fans
Winner: LISA
Best Afrobeats
Winner: Tyla
Best Electronic
Winner: Calvin Harris
Best New
Winner: Benson Boone
Best Rock
Winner: Liam Gallagher
Best R&B
Winner: Tyla
Best Hip-Hop
Winner: Eminem
Best Pop
Winner: Ariana Grande
Best Live
Winner: Taylor Swift
Best Latin
Winner: Peso Pluma
Best Artist
Winner: Taylor Swift
Best UK and Ireland Act
Winner: RAYE
Best K-Pop
Winner: Jimin
Best Alternative
Winner: Imagine Dragons
Global Icon
Winner: Busta Rhymes
Best Collaboration
Winner: LISA and Rosalia with NEW WOMAN
Best Push
Winner: LE SSERAFIM
Rita Ora appeared to be tearful as she paid tribute to One Direction singer Liam Payne.
The host said: “I just want to take a moment to remember someone very, very dear to us. We lost him recently and he was a big part of the MTV world and my world.
“Liam Payne was one of the kindest people that I knew.”
She added: “He had the biggest heart and was always the first person to offer help in any way that he could. He brought so much joy to every room he walked into and he left such a mark on the world.”
An image of the singer was then shown on screens in the arena.
A beautiful tribute to Liam Payne from a tearful Rita Ora right now. @CityLifeManc @menewsdesk #MTVEMAs pic.twitter.com/JqbLFccURx
Taylor Swift has won the Best Video Award for Fortnight.
Estevan Plazola and Peso Pluma have performed on stage. Peso Pluma earlier won the Best Latin Award. 
Host Rita Ora is back out on stage - and appears to have had another costume change!
Rita has had another costume change. I’ll be honest, I’m not sure what number we’re on now… @CityLifeManc @menewsdesk #MTVEMAs pic.twitter.com/8OUqZTSWv5
American singer Ariana Grande won Best Pop Award. The star is currently on a promotional tour for her musical film Wicked and was not in attendance to collect the award. 
K-pop girl group Le Sserafim are now performing on stage. The group, who have more than 9m followers on Instagram, are also nominated for Best K-pop Award.
MASSIVE reaction here for Le Sserafim! @CityLifeManc @MENnewsdesk #MTVEMAs pic.twitter.com/lXvVHNO1ro
More award winners have been announced. They include: 
Best Collaboration was won by Lisa and Rosalia
Best UK was won by Raye
After receiving the global icon award, Busta Rhymes performed a medley of his songs, including I Know What You Want.
Backing dancers appeared alongside the star, with flames appearing at the back of the stage.
There have been plenty of amazing performances on stage tonight - including Shawn Mendes' rendition of Heart of Gold. 
No words can explain how @ShawnMendes's #MTVEMA performance of "Heart of Gold" made me feel pic.twitter.com/LC4EeWRYOq
Rita Ora has led a rendition of Wonderwall - saying 'it had to be done'.
“We had to do it”. Rita Ora leads a rendition of Oasis’ Wonderwall. @CityLifeManc @MENnewsdesk #MTVEMAs pic.twitter.com/j90BznwgHA
Sabrina Carpenter has won the Best Song Award for global megahit Espresso.
Sabrina is currently on tour in the US so was not able to collect the award in person - but did record a video message.
Here’s Sabrina’s full speech upon winning Best Song @CityLifeManc @MENnewsdesk #MTVEMAs pic.twitter.com/JSrKCxC52V
South African singer Tyla wins Best R&B Award.
Calvin Harris wins Best Electronic Award.
Liam Gallagher has been announced as winner of Best Rock on home turf here in Manchester - but sadly he’s not here tonight to collect the award.
Little Simz presented the global icon EMA to rapper Busta Rhymes, describing him as a trail blazer, master of his craft and an inspiration.
Accepting the award, Rhymes said: “This is my first time here. I’ve never got an award from MTV before. Thirty-four years of professionally recording, this is the first time I’m getting an award from MTV.
“It feels f****** incredible.”
He thanked his mother, who he described as his best friend and hero.
He added: “I want to salute my brother LL Cool J. Everything that I aspired to be, that man planted that seed.”
He said: “You better believe that you will see me and the generation that I come from become the first James Browns and Mick Jaggers of this rap s***. Because I am never going to stop.”
Peso Pluma has received the Best Latin Award. The singer beat Anitta, Bad Bunny, KAROL G, Rauw Alejandro and Shakira.
Busta Rhymes has been presented with the Global Icon Award. He was presented the award from Little Simz.
Accepting the Global Icon award from Little Simz, Busta Rhymes says this is his first EMAs. @CityLifeManc @MENnewsdesk #MTVEMAs pic.twitter.com/MfgTArYrd4
Here is Benson Boone's speech in full as he picked up his Best New award earlier on. 
Pookie won his very first #MTVEMA!!! Congratulations on winning Best New, @bensonboone!! pic.twitter.com/yHP2dFIVOs
Rita Ora is performing tonight and just said: “This crowd is insane, I love Manchester so much”. 
As expected there are plenty of references to Manchester's famous Hacienda inside the arena and the iconic yellow and black striping.
The Hacienda references are quite on the nose, if we’re being honest - but I love it. @CityLifeManc @MENnewsdesk #MTVEMAs pic.twitter.com/vms93h90D0