Among other things--nasty, filled with lies and gaslighting, and probably lots of violence--this campaign season will be characterized by massive amounts of cringe. 
Calling all White Dudes For Harris!We up next.RSVP: https://t.co/dzTIZBdTrU!! come through with your whole crew !! pic.twitter.com/szcdjOyTc4
The Trump campaign is unabashedly testosterone-filled, with FIGHT FIGHT FIGHT, Hulk Hogan, and a former president who loves his blondes. For God's sake, Hulk Hogan introduced Trump at the RNC. 
The Harris campaign is estrogen-filled, with AWFLs, pronoun-pushers, and lots of DEI and accusations of racism, sexism, and homophobia. Everything is about social media influencers, style, RuPaul's Drag Race, and appearances on Ellen and Drew Barrymore. 
So I guess we shouldn't be surprised that the beta males are coming out in full force for Harris--pushing their bona fides as antiracist feminists whose goal in life is to apologize for the sin of being born White and male. It is so on-brand it is a Babylon Bee parody brought to life. 
We are already getting the "Racisss" accusations, and we have been living in a fake Handmaid's Tale world for quite a while. The Harris crowd is livid about calling Harris a DEI candidate, which inconveniently Joe Biden did himself when he chose her. Literally, he did. 
Democrats: “She’s not a DEI hire!!!”Me: pic.twitter.com/OAXkZ1TRcg
So out come the self-abasement brigade, filled with remorseful Never Trumpers who last week thought Biden was the apotheosis of political wisdom and who today admire him as George Washington (without the slaves, of course!!), who are now kissing the feet of Kamala Harris. 
It's pathetic and cringe. So, so cringe. 
If you are so inclined, you can sign up for the Zoom call so that you can strategize with other pathetic beta males before you fan across the country to evangelize the over-testosteroned. 
Get your man bun ready! Or put on your dresses, depending on how you roll. 
White dudes for Harris pic.twitter.com/sb4KJaZfzO
Let me be clear: if you are White and male and want to vote for Harris, that does not, in itself, make you a beta male. 
I can't imagine why you would do that, but you be you. 
But if you are part of a movement as puerile as "White Dudes for Harris," you are a beta male. It is so glaringly obvious that it barely needs saying. Trying to appeal to people to vote for Harris based on her race and gender--and that is the point here--in order to prove you aren't racist and sexist is weak, stupid, and also won't work. 
I wish that race weren't so gendered--I prefer my politics to be more about issues, policies, and the future and less about uteri, race, and gender issues, but there it is. It's unavoidable. 
My prediction: Democrats are leaning into this so far, although polling in the future may deter them from continuing. If they do keep going, they will forfeit Pennsylvania, Virginia, North Carolina, and Michigan. Wisconsin will remain in play, because there are too many Green Bay fans there. (I kid, I kid!). 
People feel unsettled, and when they are unsettled, they want more masculinity and less femininity. When times are good, the opposite is true. Strength vs empathy. Both are necessary values, and we elevate one or the other depending on the circumstances. 
Kamala is not Margaret Thatcher or Golda Meir--either of them would be viable candidates in this environment because they projected strenth and resolve. 
Kamala's campaign wants to convince voters that she is "brat," but memes can't tell voters how Kamala would govern. @moetkacik talks to @mtracey about the meme-ification of Kamala Harris and the substance (or lack thereof) of the current VP's policy positions: pic.twitter.com/NCewbLnprl
Kamala? She prefers drag queens and now she has themed her campaign on being "brat."You definitely must watch this explainer on "brat" and ask yourself, is this how you want your president to be?
The best summary of bratdom might come from my Free Press colleague River Page, who quips, “Brat Girl Summer is just women acting like gay guys.” On TikTok, Charli XCX herself described the quintessential brat as “just that girl who is a little messy and maybe says dumb things sometimes, who feels herself but then also maybe has a breakdown but parties through it. It is honest, blunt, and a little bit volatile”—which maybe explains why she felt it appropriate to bestow the moniker on Kamala. But it’s harder to see the VP in Charli’s official song of the Brat Girl Summer, “365,” which describes a lifestyle defined by clubbing from dusk till dawn, decked out in slime-colored clothing and sustained by a steady diet of self-regard and cocaine.
Kamala Harris thinks so. She has themed all her social media based on it. 
If you are excited by this, you are a beta male. If you think a Gen Z singer who thinks chartruse and fuzzy fonts are the height of culture, you be you, but know you are totally beta. 
And I, for one, will make fun of you. 
https://t.co/SYC3Lp32q9

                        Copyright ©2025 HotAir.com/Salem Media. All Rights Reserved.