They keep us activated. They keep us optimistic. They keep us engaged in arts and culture and sports and politics and fashion and beauty. Sometimes, they just keep us joyful—which is becoming a harder and harder trick to pull off these days. Meet our 2024 Voices.
Every product on this page was chosen by a Harper's BAZAAR editor. We may earn commission on some of the items you choose to buy.
They say that life is a marathon, not a sprint. What they don’t say is that marathons suck. That’s why people crowd at the sidelines to cheer runners on, to hold out water, or to hold up signs that read, “KEEP GOING.” We’re days away from the “most important election of our lifetime,” four years out from the last “most important election of our lifetime.” A year before that, a global pandemic was just a twinkle in a bat’s eye. And before that ... well, let’s just say we’re not living through history; we’re running through it as fast as we can.
So if you’re reading this, allow us to cheer you on. Not only us, but also a selection of people we’re calling the Great Motivators, folks who know how to keep us pumped up. There’s Nancy Pelosi, stamina in a power suit. She entered politics as a member of the Democratic National Committee in 1976 and has since become the kind of generation-defining operator who’s helped change the course of political history more than once. There’s Charli XCX, who made it really easy being green. (Just ask Kermit the Frog. We did.) Speaking of green, there’s Melinda French Gates, who’s letting her over $1 billion in donations to women-led causes do the talking for her. 
There’s Yseult, the singer, songwriter, and model who brought the New Look into a new century, and Rick Owens, who after 30 years in the game is still inspiring designers to embrace their individuality. There are the year’s best directors and the Broadway star who gave us something to laugh about, as well as inspiring athletes and activists and authors. There’s even an elephant who never forgets ... to twerk!
In celebration of our November 2024 Voices issue, Harper’s Bazaar has assembled these and more joyful warriors to impart to us a little of their magic motivation, just when we all need it the most. Take it as a sign: KEEP GOING.   
read the story
“Brat has made it much easier this summer to talk about being green. Everyone was talking about Brat, posting about Brat, and even wearing Brat. Brat Green was everywhere! I have to admit I’m still not totally sure what ‘Brat’ means (no matter how many times Miss Piggy has tried to tell me), but to me, green symbolizes the beauty of nature. It’s so important that we continue to care for the world around us, so if Brat Green wants to popularize my favorite color, I’m all for it!” —Kermit the Frog
“When I see Brat Green, I see a color that encourages you to live life on your own terms. A color with a bold attitude that is not afraid to stand out and make a statement.  A color with playful energy whose vibrancy and vitality heightens the experience of living.” —Laurie Pressman, vice president of the Pantone Color Institute
"Brat Green is Charli's whole ethos distilled into its purest form, and it's a worldview worth considering. Brat means prioritizing fun, being totally honest, sharing with no filter, knowing your worth, taking over the world. It's not all for everyone, but everyone can learn something from it. It's been so much fun to watch people take it and make it their own."—Imogene Strauss, creative director for Charli XCX
In May, French singer and songwriter Yseult attended the Cannes Film Festival wearing a modern take on Christian Dior’s iconic New Look silhouette, as the style was named by then–Harper’s Bazaar editor in chief Carmel Snow when it first hit the runway in 1947. Defined by rounded shoulders, a cinched waist, and a full skirt, the shape—which debuted not long after the Second World War—represented a return to opulence and beauty. 
At the time of the New Look’s introduction, Black models were nonexistent on runways. And today, despite the efforts of the body-positivity movement, fashion shows have once again begun to favor ultrathin bodies. In reviving the historic silhouette on a global red carpet and, later, while performing at the closing ceremony for the 2024 Paris Olympics, Yseult and Dior creative director Maria Grazia Chiuri ushered in the new New Look, one that everyone can see themselves in.
“Working with Dior was a childhood dream for me,” says Yseult, who is known for her candid lyrics that explore body image and mental health. “I went through Dior’s archives, and for this first collaboration, it was important to me to wear the house’s most iconic silhouette: the 1947 New Look Bar suit. I was lucky enough that they created a custom outfit for me; I loved adding my touch of fun to it. I loved that the Bar suit was tailored to my size, which made the moment even more memorable.”
 What was the most special part? “Walking up the red carpet in this beautiful hat, wearing gloves and this stunning jacket,” she says. “It was just iconic. The pictures of the outfit have been seen all around the world, which is just incredible to me.” 
This spring, Melinda French Gates pledged to donate $1 billion over the next two years to people and organizations that advance female empowerment and gender equality through her investment and incubation company, Pivotal Ventures.
“When I started traveling around the world and learning about global health 25 years ago, I was drawn to the women I met and inspired by their stories. There were so many barriers in their way: discriminatory laws and norms that kept them from having good health, earning a good living, and making important decisions within their homes,” explains Gates. “Yet they worked tirelessly to overcome these barriers—for their own sake and for the sake of their families. I started wondering, ‘What could these women accomplish if they didn’t have to contend with so many obstacles?’ That’s why dismantling barriers for women and girls has been the focus of my work over the past decade. The fact is, when we support women and girls, they lift up everyone around them.”
The hottest celebrity in the New York City sports scene has a sassy walk, a spicy designer wardrobe, and big, floppy ears. “I live big and loud, trunk up and proud! I’m here to remind folks to be unapologetically them!” Ellie the Elephant says with her trademark verve.
The New York Liberty’s iconic mascot brings her saucy moves from the WNBA tunnel to the court, where, at every game, she’s the life of the damn party. “Brooklyn dance culture is rooted deep in my veins,” she says. Her best moves? The Ellie Stomp, the Eat-It Up, and, of course, the Periodt. “Let it be known that any song can pump me up, but if I had to choose … ‘Level Up’ by my girl Ciara,” Ellie admits. “But knowing I’m out there hyping up my 2024 WNBA champion sisters and getting love from our incredible fans? That’s what keeps me going 24/7. We’re creating a new reality for women’s basketball and sports culture as a whole!”
As for what it takes to be the best mascot in the game? She says: “Here’s the criteria. Take notes. Four words: strength, power, wisdom, and determination. My energy is limitless! Nobody is doing it like me!”
Twenty-three-year-old Nalleli Cobo grew up in an affordable-housing complex in South Los Angeles that was 30 feet from an active oil well. She suffered from various health issues due to exposure to toxic emissions throughout her childhood, and in 2020 she was diagnosed with cancer. (She is now in remission.) Her work fighting urban oil and gas drilling has led to a major environmental-policy movement in California, and earlier this year, Cobo worked with Jane Fonda to ensure the protection of a crucial law that prohibits new oil and gas wells inside or near California neighborhoods.
What she’s learned: There are so many ways to work activism into your life. “I encourage anyone who wants to get involved with the fight to vote,” Cobo tells Bazaar. “Support climate champions who will advocate for climate policies and uphold essential regulations. Vote for elected officials who refuse to accept money from the fossil-fuel industry! Find something that ignites a fire in your belly and connects you back to the earth. If you’re passionate about fashion, explore ways to upcycle your designs or use sustainable materials. If animals inspire you, consider the impacts of agriculture and land use on wildlife. For ocean lovers, focus on saving coral reefs, addressing deep-sea mining, and combating offshore drilling. If beauty is your passion, promote clean beauty practices, recycle containers, and advocate for more refillable products.”
“Companies that prioritize diversity, sustainability, and inclusivity are more innovative, more adaptable, and ultimately more successful,” says Grede, the CEO and cofounder of the wildly popular size-inclusive denim brand Good American. Grede knows a thing or two about how to spot a winning business investment: Her track record of success also includes being founding partner of Kim Kardashian’s beloved shapewear brand, Skims, and Kris Jenner’s cleaning-products line, Safely. 
“If everyone focused on these values when investing, we’d see a massive shift in how industries operate,” she adds, including “more inclusive workplaces, more sustainable products, and a broader range of voices contributing to the marketplace—which is just good business.”
If you’ve ever admired a pair of Proenza Schouler boots, squeezed into Spanx, or found a date on Bumble, you can partly thank Griffin, the founder and managing partner of G9 Ventures. The venture-capital and private-equity firm includes all of those brands in its portfolio, as well as other favorites like Goop and Bluestone Lane. Her memoir, The Tell, is hitting shelves next March.
“Our mission is to invest in generation-defining brands that empower consumers to live, look, and feel better across beauty, wellness, health, and community,” she explains, summarizing the instinct that has led her to get involved in so many companies that are woven into the fabric of women’s everyday lives. 
Two recent wins make the case that ethical investing is a smart bet: “Midi is setting a new standard of care for menopause treatment with convenient virtual visits and access to experienced clinicians covered by insurance. And Saie’s beauty products are made by experts and use only clean ingredients. The brand launched a climate initiative this year and committed to eliminating five million pounds of plastic over the next three years. We look for solutions that resonate with modern consumers, and brands that make them feel connected to something bigger.”
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.