ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
SANTA MONICA, CALIFORNIA - JULY 13: Jelly Roll attends Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards 2024 at ... More Barker Hangar on July 13, 2024 in Santa Monica, California. Jelly Roll's new album Beautifully Broken hits No. 1 on the U.S. iTunes chart, helping the Grammy nominee replace Coldplay on top of the ranking. (Photo by Phillip Faraone/Getty Images for Nickelodeon)
Jelly Roll is back with his new album Beautifully Broken, which further cements him as a powerhouse in both the country and rock genres. The former rapper switched things up a few years back, moving from hip-hop to country, and he found great success in doing so. Now, he’s continued that journey, and fans in the U.S. are loving his new direction.
At the time of writing, Beautifully Broken appears at No. 1 on iTunes’ ranking of the top-selling albums in America—at least on that platform. The full-length was released as Thursday (October 10) turned to Friday (October 11), which is when the vast majority of new albums arrive. Jelly’s latest needed only a short time before his latest effort conquered the tally.
As Beautifully Broken shoots to No. 1, it grabs the throne from another recent release. Coldplay’s Moon Music ruled the American iTunes albums chart for much of the past week, which was its first out in the world. At the moment, the globe-dominating pop-rock outfit dips to No. 2 on the list.
Jelly leads a top 10 on the iTunes albums chart filled with new arrivals. Coldplay launches a new version of Moon Music a few spots below the original, with the title currently sitting at Nos. 2 and 6 at the same time.
Also joining both Jelly and Coldplay inside the uppermost tier on the U.S. albums sales chart are names like Rod Wave, Glorilla, Charli XCX, Myles Kennedy, and even the musicians K-dilak Mesaje and Bedjine. The Offspring aren’t far behind, as their new full-length Supercharged lands at No. 11.
Beautifully Broken marks Jelly’s second album since trying his hand at a new style of music. He transitioned from hip-hop to a blend of country and rock in 2022 with his album Whitsitt Chapel. That set made him a star after many years of working in the music industry, and it’s still performing well on some charts in the U.S.
Jelly has been promoting Beautifully Broken for the past several months. He introduced audiences to the set with lead single “I Am Not Okay,” which recently climbed into the top 20 on the Hot 100. Second track “Liar” has only risen to No. 93, though it’s just getting started. Between his solo cuts, Jelly also collaborated with a number of well-known artists, such as Falling In Reverse, Dustin Lynch, and Eminem, raising his profile and scoring new chart hits with all of his duets.