From memes and manicures to political iconography, this shade of green is taking over the world.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

.
Even if you haven’t yet pressed play on Charli XCX’s album Brat—which debuted on June 7 and has amassed 15.4 million Spotify streams, climbing to number three on the Billboard 200—you’ve probably seen the album art's signature slime-green shade.
As color trends go, brat green lacks the sunny optimism of butter yellow and the mass-market appeal of hot Barbie pink or yummy cherry red. The background color of the British pop star’s latest record is a color you won’t even find in nature—it's more akin to the radioactive glow of a nuclear plant.
But even so, #BratGreen has gone ultra-viral. Search the shade on Instagram, and the 2.6 million tagged posts will tint your phone screen green. Query the same on TikTok, and you’ll find brands like Kate Spade sharing “brat starter packs” and Twin Peaks actor Kyle MacLachlan making his own music videos in tribute to the hue with an acid green tee. It's become the color code of a potential president-to-be: After Charli XCX tweeted, "kamala IS brat," on July 21—the same day President Joe Biden dropped out of the 2024 race—Vice President Kamala Harris's campaign updated its official social media accounts to be bright brat green.
From memes and manicures to political iconography and brat-branded bratwursts, this very specific shade of green has taken over the world like a putrid plague.
Charli XCX posing with her 'Brat,' the highest-rated album of 2024 so far on Metacritic.
And brat summer is just the beginning, with the fashion world brewing its own form of vile green. In McQueen by Seán McGirr's Fall 2024 show, there were slime green three-piece knit sets and alien-hued sculpted mini dresses. Fendi, Jason Wu, and Brandon Maxwell's collections adopted the same color scheme, while Gucci’s Fall 2024 collection featured an earthly, self-described "rotten" shade of its own.
Brat green at McQueen by Seán McGirr, Jason Wu, Brandon Maxwell, Fendi, and Gucci.
If the color distresses you, well, that’s the point of such an off-putting shade. Rather than calming the masses with a color psychologically proven to soothe and subdue, Charli XCX chose something controversial. “I’d like for us to question our expectations of pop culture—why are some things considered good and acceptable and some deemed bad? I’m interested in the narratives behind that and want to provoke people," the singer told Vogue Singapore in her April cover story.
Charli XCX, joined by Troye Sivan, performing 'Brat' on June 27, 2024 in London, England.
Miuccia Prada took the same approach to her "Ugly Chic" Spring 1996 collection that garnered attention with pencil skirts, button-down blouses, and plaid pants in a murky brown-green later anointed as Miuccia sludge. Her show was a foil to the era's Tom Ford Gucci gowns and the naked dresses John Galliano sent down the runway for Dior. "Prada's philosophy behind this collection was to upend the idea of 'bad taste' via fashion and show how it's important to culture as a whole,” says fashion writer Viv Chen, the author of the style-meets-culture Substack newsletter The Molehill. "Sludge green, slime green—whatever you want to call it—then became a color forever associated with this [idea of anti-trends] within fashion.”
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
Prada's Fall 1996 collection in all of its "Ugly Chic" splendor.
Now, Charli has done the same. Like the unpleasantness of Miuccia sludge, brat green causes a reaction—as does all good fashion, right?
As Chen puts it, "Charli XCX cleverly uses the color and its cultural connotations to create a world and mood around her new album." The singer has provided the slime green color with a storyline and its own soundtrack of clubby hyperpop, aligning itself with an archetype of It girls—the bonafide brats of the world whose personal style skews more irreverent than effortless—think Julia Fox rather than Carolyn Bessette Kennedy. To them, the best outfits are the ones that garner stares and double takes on the sidewalk. And their most prized possession is the authentic Prada Spring 1996 piece in "Ugly Chic" chartreuse that they sourced on The RealReal.
Love it or loathe it, brat green is here to stay. But if you really can't stand the slime, have faith: soon enough, the color wheel will settle on a new shade for fashion to weigh in on.
.
Emma is the fashion features editor at Marie Claire, where she explores the intersection of style and human interest storytelling. She covers viral styling hacks and zeitgeist-y trends—like TikTok's "Olsen Tuck" and Substack's "Shirt Sandwiches"—and has written hundreds of runway-researched trend reports about the ready-to-wear silhouettes, shoes, bags, colors, and coats to shop for each season. Above all, Emma enjoys connecting with real people to yap about fashion, from picking an indie designer's brain to speaking with athlete stylists, entertainers, artists, politicians, chefs, and C-suite executives about finding a personal style as you age or reconnecting with your clothes postpartum. 
Emma previously wrote for The Zoe Report, Editorialist, Elite Daily, Bustle, and Mission Magazine. She studied Fashion Studies and New Media at Fordham University Lincoln Center and launched her own magazine, Childs Play Magazine, in 2015 as a creative pastime. When Emma isn't waxing poetic about niche fashion discourse on the internet, you'll find her stalking eBay for designer vintage, reading literary fiction on her Kindle, doing hot yoga, and "psspsspssp-ing" at bodega cats.

Minimalist nails with a little something extra.


Fans are clamoring for more after that shocking cliffhanger.


*Clutches pearls*


The style has quietly morphed into this summer’s cult obsession.


Get a head start.


Don't wait until June.


Footwear designers are on a vintage kick, and I'm all for it.


From perfectly placed cutouts to just-right fabrics, this season's best focus on working smarter, not harder.


No other style has such a broad—and famous—fan base.


This spring shade is officially It-girl approved.


From groovy boho styles to polished gardener-inspired outfits.


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.