This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      
Fox News Flash top entertainment and celebrity headlines are here.

It seems Katherine Schwarzenegger has some strong feelings towards this year's Met Gala looks. 
On Wednesday, the mother of two subtly gave her two cents by reposting a series of throwback photos that her mother, Maria Shriver, posted on Instagram. The photos feature Shriver attending the 2001 Met Gala. 
"When the Met Gala was chic and classy," Schwarzenegger wrote in a since-expired post on her Instagram Story, per People magazine. 
A representative for Schwarzenegger did not immediately respond to Fox News Digital's request for comment. 
MET GALA 2024: RED CARPET ARRIVALS
The original post shared by Shriver on Monday includes four photos of the award-winning journalist and her parents attending the Gala. 
Katherine Schwarzenegger subtly criticized the 2024 Met Gala looks by sharing a "classy" photo of her mother, Maria Shriver, attending the event in 2001. (Getty Images)
"It’s the first Monday in May and the Met Gala is underway! Things were a little more low key when I attended back in 2001, but I thought I would share some photos from that wonderful night," Shriver wrote in her caption. "Not only did I get to wear this beautiful dress, but I got to attend with both my parents, as well as my cousin, Caroline. What do you think: would we rock the red carpet in these same looks tonight?"
Shriver's post was greeted with a lot of love in the comment section. 
"What a joy to have your parents with you. You all look great! You haven’t changed Maria!" Rita Wilson wrote. 
"Much better glamour than now," one follower commented. "Now it’s a costume party."
LIKE WHAT YOU’RE READING? CLICK HERE FOR MORE ENTERTAINMENT NEWS
"Beautiful and much classier than today," another wrote. 
Maria Shriver, right, is shown with parents Eunice Kennedy Shriver and Sargent Shriver at the 2001 Met Gala. (Ron Galella/Ron Galella Collection via Getty Images)
The Met Gala in New York City, led by Vogue editor-in-chief Anna Wintor and the 2024 co-chairs, is an annual fundraising gala held for the benefit of the Metropolitan Museum of Art's Costume Institute. Celebrities take the opportunity to dress in less-than-traditional pieces, loosely based around the theme of the year. This year's dress code was "The Garden of Time," while the theme was simply "Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion."
From Charli XCX's T-shirt gown to South African singer Tyla's sand gown, the stars showed up in an array of daring fashion choices. 
Kim Kardashian wore a Maison Margiela couture gown by John Galliano, which featured a silver corset and a hand-wired skirt made with metal elements. She kept somewhat covered up underneath a gray cashmere cardigan.
CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR THE ENTERTAINMENT NEWSLETTER
Kim Kardashian, left, Emily Ratajkowski and Rita Ora dared to bare on the Met Gala red carpet. (Getty Images)
Rita Ora showed some skin in a colorful beaded Marni gown with cutouts running along the length of her body. She told Vogue that the beaded material dates "back to the first and second century B.C."
Emily Ratajkowski showed some skin wearing a vintage Atelier Versace Haute couture dress from the 2001 fall/winter collection. 
Tyla was "sealed inside" of her dress before stepping onto the Met Gala red carpet wearing sand and had to literally be carried up the Met steps. She told "Entertainment Tonight" that creating her look took "a long time" as designers used "real sand" pressed onto her body.
South African singer Tyla wore a dress made of sand to the Met Gala. (Getty Images)
Fox News Digital's Tracy Wright and Ashlyn Messier contributed to this post.
Christina Dugan Ramirez is an entertainment writer for Fox News Digital. 
Get a daily look at the top news in music, movies, television and more in the entertainment industry.
By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use, and
        agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can
        opt-out at any time.
Subscribed

      You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!
    

        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by
        Factset. Powered and implemented by
        FactSet Digital Solutions.
        Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by
        Refinitiv Lipper.