ByIan Westhead  
Ian Westhead  
The 2024 celebrations will see an entertainment lineup with DJ sets and headline performances from DJ Jax Jones, singer Hannah Boleyn, and rapper, Fatman Scoop. Amber Lounge guests will also see Puerto Rican/American hip-hop star Big Calo, Hedkandi artist and immersive sax musician, Ellie Sax, and superclub DJ PBH join the party to elevate resident DJ Tom Jagger’s set as the night evolves.
Jax Jones is an English DJ who rose to stardom in 2014 after a feature on DJ Duke Dumont’s number-one single “I Got U”. He then followed up with singles of his own featuring famed artists, RAYE, Demi Lovato and Stefflon Don. Most recently, Jones has released a number of hits with artists, The Jonas Brothers, Charli XCX, Saweetie and Callum Scott.
“I’m so excited to be making my long-awaited Amber Lounge debut in Monte Carlo this year and to celebrate Amber Lounge’s 20 year anniversary! Gonna be huge fun!” – Jax Jones.
Hannah Boleyn is an electronic dance singer-songwriter from Leicestershire, England. In 2023 her now gold status release with DJ Billy Gillies, DNA (Loving You) reached number five on the UK singles chart. She has also collaborated with other well-known artists such Galantis, John Summit, D.O.D and KSHMR. Her two most recent singles, “Little Bit Yours” with Galantis and “Dominoes” with D.O.D have continued to cement her status as an up-and-coming artist to watch.
“I’m thrilled to be performing at Amber Lounge Monaco – I’m a huge F1 fan and have always loved the energy of F1 parties! I’m excited to be performing my biggest hits, including DNA (loving you) to the infamous Amber Lounge crowd for their 20th anniversary celebrations.” – Hannah Boleyn.
Fatman Scoop is a Grammy award-winning American rapper, hype man and radio personality with numerous honours and nominations. His booming and raw vocal presence in “Lose Control” with Missy Elliot and Ciara and “It’s Like That” with Mariah Carey landed all tracks in the Billboard Hot 100. His single “Be Faithful” topped UK singles chart and reached the top 25 on US Rap and Hip Hop charts, and he has collaborated with Lil Jon, Whitney Houston, Janet Jackson, Pitbull and Skrillex.
“We’re back with Monaco’s reigning F1 after party, and this year we promise to go bigger than ever to celebrate 20 years of Amber Lounge. I’m ready to bring the hype, energy and legendary beats back to my favourite, Champagne-popping party crowd!” – Fatman Scoop.
The  Amber Lounge qualifying and F1 race afterparties on Saturday 25th and Sunday 26th May will see a reimagined, bespoke pop-up club in Le Méridien Beach Plaza – the only hotel in Monte Carlo with its own private beach and direct tender access to the track.
Bringing together F1 drivers, celebrities, royalty and movie stars against the backdrop of the Côte D’Azur, guests will be taken on a multi-sensorial journey – an extraordinary, timeless scene that evokes Hollywood glamour and evolves into a high-energy production until the early hours of the morning.
More details at www.amber-lounge.com.
This week Penelope Teeth bites into the soap suds…
Alexis Sakellaris performs at Riverside Studios from May 10th…
Festival2Funky returns for its 12th year…
Sheffield DocFest announces the World Premiere of Kim Hopkins’ Still Pushing Pineapples to open this year’s festival on 18...
The next in the series of ATV Icons to celebrate 70 years of ITV is ‘Mr...
Copyright © ATV Network Limited / ATV Today UK