By ASHLEIGH GRAY FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  18:50, 30 August 2024   |  Updated:  06:58, 31 August 2024   
 21
View  comments
Charli XCX will star alongside Olivia Wilde in a new erotic thriller titled I Want Your Sex. 
The movie is being directed by queer filmmaker Gregg Araki - known for films including The Doom Generation starring Rose McGowan.
It comes as the 32-year-old pop star - real name Charlotte Emma Aitchison - is enjoying a new wave of success thanks to her sixth studio album Brat. 
The success of the album has seen XCX's star drastically rise from underground pop darling to a mainstream artist - despite having previously scored hits such as Fancy with Iggy Azalea. 
Charli XCX cast in erotic thriller with Olivia Wilde called I Want Your Sex
Meanwhile, it was previously announced that Cooper Hoffman will also be starring in the film. 
The 21-year-old actor is the son of late actor Philip Seymour Hoffman, who died in 2014 at age 46.
Wilde, 40, most recently directed 2022's Don't Worry Darling, which is where she met One Direction singer Harry Styles, who was then just 26. 
She will portray provocateur Erika Tracy, who makes Hoffman's character Elliot her sexual muse. 
Cooper Hoffman, 21, has been cast to star opposite Olivia Wilde in the upcoming thriller I Want Your Sex. Wilde, 40, will portray provocateur Erika Tracy, who makes Hoffman's Elliot her sexual muse
Cooper is the son of late actor Philip Seymour Hoffman, who died in 2014 at age 46; pictured in January 2014
The upcoming feature film was written by Araki and Karley Sciortino and will begin production in Los Angeles in October, per Variety.
It has been described as a descent into a world of 'sex, obsession, power, betrayal and murder.'
Araki, 64, is known for his involvement in the New Queer Cinema movement, having made his directorial debut in 1987 with Three Bewildered People in the Night. 
Details of XCX's role have so far been kept under wraps.  

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group