Today's Digital Daily	
			



	
			Today's Digital Daily	
			

WWD’s lineup this season includes Chappell Roan, Snoop Dogg, Adam Sandler and more.

	Last season gave us viral couple Pookie and Jett, while this season we’ve already spotted Mormon tradwife TikTok power couple Nara and Lucky Blue Smith. They’re sure to be the first of many online phenoms that join in on the fashion fun — but who else? Well, let’s dream a little, shall we, and concoct our fantasy front row.

	It was Chappell Roan’s summer, and though her tour has prevented her from doing much on the press or public appearance side, we are hoping she gets to sneak away for a show this season. If anyone can wear runway-fresh fits, it’s her.

	We bet Roan and Stephen Nedoroscik, aka “Pommel Horse Guy,” would love swapping stories of their respective breakout summers. The Olympic gymnast is due to compete on “Dancing With the Stars” this fall — why not warm up at NYFW? We’d seat him next to Snoop Dogg, who made the rounds at the Olympics this summer. We think his commentary would bring some spice to the usual runway reviews. 

	











	
			Related Articles	
	













	Fashion Features
	



	
			KFN Unveils Ambitious Plans to Reimagine New York Fashion Week	
			













	Fashion Scoops
	



	
			New York Men's Day Applications Open on April 28	
			








Fashion week always coincides with the U.S. Open, drawing celebrities out to the stadium in Queens, N.Y. — away from the front rows, yes, but we’ll accept a trade. Coco Gauff is among our top picks.




			You May Also Like		






	It was a “brat” summer thanks to Charli XCX, whose “Apple” song inspired the season’s most viral TikTok dance. Among those partaking in the trend was Glen Powell, one of the first celebrities to master the choreography. Thanks to “Twisters,” the actor was everywhere this summer dancing in boots and tipping his cowboy hat. He’s one of Hollywood’s rising A-listers, he looks good in clothes — what’s stopping you from fashion week, Glen?

	“Oh Mary” star Cole Escola has one of the hottest Broadway shows of the season, has already conquered the Met Gala, and would bring a laugh to any seatmate at fashion week. Someone invite him!

	Fashion week makes for a great date night, and each season delivers a new celebrity match. Gracie Abrams and Paul Mescal are already enmeshed in the fashion scene (and who can forget when Mescal donned boxers in the Gucci front row this summer?), so we’re optimistic the pair might pop up during the week.

	After paparazzi photos of Adam Sandler carting a large Khaite shopping bag went viral at the end of August, fashion Twitter was abuzz: What did this mean? Was he a customer? While the theory is that the bag was his wife’s, we still can’t shake the idea of him at a front row. We bet he’d look great in one of Khaite’s signature knits. Taylor Russell is no stranger to a front row, nor to fashion. But her recent showstopping looks at the Venice Film Festival — vintage Galliano…vintage Chanel…custom Loewe! — have us dying for more. 

	Can you imagine the hysteria that would ensue should Oasis take to fashion week? It would be Ticketmaster drama come to life — sounds intriguing. Nothing says brotherly bonding like the front row.
Sign up for WWD news straight to your inbox every day
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
WWD and Women's Wear Daily are part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All Rights Reserved.