Barbiecore is officially out -- it's time to embrace the "Brat" green trend and we are here to tell you how to do it fashionably.

													By
												

	Rylee Johnston


	All products and services featured are independently chosen by editors. However, Billboard may receive a commission on orders placed through its retail links, and the retailer may receive certain auditable data for accounting purposes.

	If there’s anytime to be “a brat,” Charli XCX  has deemed it to be this summer after releasing her sixth studio album of the same name. Fans and fashion influencers alike have quickly taken to TikTok to define what they consider to be “must-have brat summer essentials” — which usually includes crop tops, unwashed hair, baggy pants and platform boots — but for the 31-year-old singer, it’s simply “trashy.”





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					This $18 Fridge Magnet Can Be Personalized With Your Favorite Song (And Actually Play It)		
	



	05/02/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	





		Explore	

















	
		
					Charli xcx		
					


See latest videos, charts and news



See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	“Just like a pack of cigs, a Bic lighter and a strappy white top with no bra,” she said in an interview, when asked to describe the “Brat” trend.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	The “365” singer has been showing off the “Brat” aesthetic while promoting her album, and will likely have brat fashion on full display on stage during her Sweat tour with Troye Sivan. Unlike last year’s Barbiecore hot pink aesthetic, the brat summer style takes on a more punk, grunge look featuring hues of neon green to match the singer’s album as well as Y2K-inspired looks consisting of low-rise baggy jeans in vintage washes, cropped fitted leather jackets and combat boots.

	This Charli XCX-approved trend doesn’t require designer tags or elevated ‘fits — just a bit of grittiness to your outfits. If you need some inspiration, keep reading to learn more about how to shop the brat summer trend.

	For those looking to embrace a hot brat summer, ShopBillboard put together a list of Brat-inspired styles that’ll have you looking like the embodiment of the “Club Classics” artist’s new album.

Madewell’s tank top comes with a crew neckline paired with small ’90s-inspired straps that are perfect for going braless in. The fitted material is made from a soft cotton and elastane mixed fabric that’ll stretch slightly, then form to your body.	

		You’ll be feeling “unapologetic” once you slip on this Garage baby tee that comes with a cropped fitted design and short sleeves. The material is also lightweight and breathable for a more comfortable fit.	

		Pair your brat-inspired shirts with these high-rise seamless shorts by Wild Fable, which are also a nice under-$20 price. The fit was made to be stretchy allowing you to easily pull them on, making them the perfect throw on and go bottoms.	

		These BDG jeans embrace the brat look by showing off a worn-in and faded wash. The waist was also made to be more low-rise while the legs are baggy to present a more causal and loose (like you don’t care) aesthetic.	

		This neon green bodysuit is ready to make a statement as it features built in bikini-cut bottoms and a sheer lace material. You can easily pair this with a bralette or undershirt depending on your style preferences.	

		Charli XCX can usually be spotted wearing a curved pair of sunglasses and this Y2K pair helps to channel that look. The frame is more fitted while the lenses come polarized to help protect your eyes from the sun.	

		Nothing says Y2K more than a choker and this necklace presents a brat-ified version with neon green hearts you can complete your looks with. The clasp is also adjustable to make it longer or shorter depending on your style. 	

		If you’re looking for something more chic to show off, then make sure to pick up this ruffle mini dress. It’s made with adjustable spaghetti straps and asymmetrical ruffles that’ll flow with you as you walk. Pair them with heels or sneakers depending on your destination. 	

		For chillier days, layer your outfits with a sleek cropped leather jacket. This version goes the moto route complete with lapels and an asymmetrical zipper on the side. You’ll also find two buckles on each side of the jacket for added stylishness. The cropped fit gives total brat vibes.	

		Showing off some major buckles (but in a tasteful way) are these Steve Madden boots. The style comes in a distressed brown shade for a more worn-in look and has adjustable buckles along the sides you can tighten to your liking. Great for concerts and festivals alike.	

		Or, you can go the more combat boot route (and for 50% off) with this luxurious Paul Smith option. The boots come in a smooth leather material with a chunky EVA sole and a square-shaped toe to finish the look. For added flair, the design comes with a contrast purple perimeter and multi-colored laces.	

		Top off your hot brat summer outfit with a pair of chic enamel earrings from Anthropologie. This pair shows off a neon green and white ombré design that’ll add some vibrance to your outfit and include backing to help keep the earrings from falling out.	

Wild Fable’s adjustable belt is a functional accessory that’ll help tighten your bottoms while also providing some Y2K and brat vibes. It comes with double grommets with silver accents to make the belt really pop around your waist.	

		Even your nails deserve to look stylish this brat summer, which is where this neon green nail polish comes in. The formula will dry in as little as 45 seconds with each layer — that way you don’t have to spend your day preventing any accidental smudges.	

	For more product recommendations, check out ShopBillboard‘s roundups of the best oversized leather jackets, belly chains and denim dresses.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.