JOIN CLUB 
“Trans artists run the field lowkey,” announced 19-year-old Delaware rapper Cortisa Star in a TikTok video earlier this year. I wouldn’t take those words lightly. Back in 2022, she posted a joke video calling herself an “underground rap princess” which inadvertently prompted an outpouring of support for her then-non-existent rap career. The experience inspired her to actually give music a stab and, two years later, she’s received cosigns from the likes of Doechii, Charli xcx, Skaiwater and more. That’s some serious manifestation skills.
It was Cortisa Star’s appearance on hood freestyle platform 4 Shooters Only last month, however, that really pushed her to global notoriety. With production taking cues from hyperpop and jerk, and tongue-in-cheek lyrics embracing her unlikely position as a trans rapper, the freestyle attracted a number of hate comments, but what these musical luddites miss is the profound rap revolution the young artist has found herself at the centre of.
Bass-boosted to the point of distortion, one commenter describes Cortisa Star’s sound as “postmodern” while, alongside Nottingham viral sensation Skaiwater, her furry-inspired aesthetics powerfully challenge what it means and looks like to be a rapper to begin with. She’s even created her own dance, the ‘Cortisa Crump’, to match these envelope-pushing sonics. At every level, Cortisa Star is shaking up the rap game and, despite what the hate comments might have you think, she’s definitely one to be taken seriously.
Below, we speak to Cortisa Star about her unlikely start as a rapper, her current online obsession, and how Adventure Time inspired her bass-boosted sound.
Where does your name come from?
Cortisa Star: My dead name was my parent’s ship name so I just switched the order and got Cortisa! Also I’m obsessed with space, so Star was a cute fit.
How did you start making music?
Cortisa Star: I posted a TikTok saying I was an ‘underground rap princess’ as a joke a while ago, but people ended up liking it so I started posting more.
Your bass-boosted sound is becoming a bit of a Cortisa Star signature. Where does it come from? 
Cortisa Star: There was this scene in Adventure Time where Jake was dancing with these bugs and the beat had always been stuck in my head since I saw it as a child. The bass is too good.
While the ‘From the Block’ freestyle blew you up to a wider audience, it also attracted some negative attention. Were you prepared for this?
Cortisa Star: Yes, to be honest. I grew up in a small town where I was not celebrated and got this exact reaction constantly, this is nothing new. Just this time, I can actually ignore them.
Teach us the ‘Cortisa Crump’.
Cortisa Star: Basically you just match your hands to what you’re saying – however, you want and be as fierce as possible.
Do you have an online obsession you can tell us about?
Cortisa Star: Twitter is my favourite space right now. Everyone there is so awesome and the haters are lowkey funny too…
What’s your dream collab and why?
Cortisa Star: RICO NASTYY! Not only is she from Maryland but she’s so diva to me... an inspirational icon, mother even!
What can we expect from you in the new year?
Cortisa Star: Shows outside of the East Coast, awesome collabs and hopefully a project.