By Glenn Garner 
Associate Editor

	As Jon Stewart returned to The Daily Show on Monday, he caught up with the wild week in politics, as well as the latest in pop girly news.

	The comedian came out as a Chappell Roan fan, referencing her hit 2020 single ‘Pink Pony Club’ during his monologue as he pointed out how bleak the presidential options looked before President Joe Biden dropped out of the race and endorsed Kamala Harris.

	“We literally have three choices as Democrats; either you vote for Donald Trump, you vote for Joe Biden, or you stay on the couch,” said one commentator, to which Stewart quipped: “I think we know which one of those options J.D. Vance would opt for. Even I don’t feel good about that joke.”

	










			Watch on Deadline		






	“What do I know, a simple Pink Pony Grandpop? Let me explain very quickly, that’s a reference to being a Chappell Roan fan, which I totally am,” said Stewart, noting that “young people come here.”

	Meanwhile, Harris has courted the pop girlies’ vote and received a viral meme-worthy endorsement from Charli XCX, who posted “kamala IS brat” in reference to her recent sixth studio album.

	Stewart’s late-night comrade John Oliver previously commented on the Brat phenomenon during Sunday’s episode of Last Week Tonight after the endorsement “unfortunately set off days of CNN trying to explain to its audience what the f*ck that means.”

	“Goddammit, [Jake] Tapper,” exclaimed Oliver after a segment of the anchor trying to define the term. “I regret to inform everyone Brat Summer is canceled. At best, we got eight to nine Brat business days.”

	After Biden announced he was dropping out of the election and endorsing Harris in his place, the VP’s campaign raised a record $81 million in its first 24 hours.
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.