The pop star was spotted wearing two grungy ensembles in New York City that kept the brat energy alive
Every product on this page was chosen by a Harper's BAZAAR editor. We may earn commission on some of the items you choose to buy.
As someone who just saw Charli XCX (and her co-headliner, Troye Sivan) get all of Madison Square Garden shaking with their electric Sweat Tour on Monday night, I will say it’s clear the reign of Brat summer is far from over. And while the neon greens and crop tops we’ve come to associate with Charli’s culture-defining album might not be well suited for fall, the British singer-songwriter is giving us a lesson on how to transition our wardrobe for Brautumn.
Back in July, Bazaar senior fashion editor Tara Gonzalez posited that to dress like a brat is to “not care what people think, to embrace chaos and wear clothing meant for living.” This is an ethos that has seemingly always defined Charli’s style, and as she was seen leaving her hotel in New York City on two different occasions this week, the “Apple” singer was the epitome of effortless cool.
Each of Charli’s latest looks embraced a sort of biker aesthetic (taking a page from contemporary Rosalía’s Motomami stylebook, perhaps). And with her first piece, it looked like it had just been brushed with paint in a studio—meaning it was from Marni, naturally.
Pulled from the brand’s Spring/Summer 2025 collection, the ensemble was quite literally fresh off the runway. It consisted of a white tank decorated with a black square filled in with red and overlaid with an abstract cream blob. On top of the tank, Charli wore a black and white cape that was tied around her neck, and she sported black sweatpants that also looked like they had been painted on one of the legs with white.
To complete the look, the songwriter added a pair of square-toed boots in black from Fidan Novruzova, as well as Givenchy sunglasses and a black tote bag from Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello.
A couple days later, Charli was spotted rocking a similar aesthetic when she stepped out of the same hotel looking equally grunge—and bratty. Up top, the singer sported a black leather bomber jacket with oversize sleeves that featured zip-up pockets, and she paired the outerwear with mid-rise cargo jeans in gray from Acne Studios.
To complete the look, she rocked the same Givenchy sunglasses she had worn before, while adding a silver chain-link bracelet and black pointed-toe boots that appeared to be from Louboutin, at least as indicated by the red bottoms. All I can say is: Long live brat.
Doechii Pays Homage to André Leon Talley
Hailey's Miami Outfits All Had This in Common
Bella Hadid Poses in Poolside Lingerie and Curlers
Prince Harry Says He May Not Return to the U.K. 
George Clooney Played Softball In Central Park
Hunter Schafer Gives the Tracksuit a Playful Twist
Blake Lively Wears a “Wedding Gown” on Late Night 
Bella Hadid Glows in a Bubblegum-Pink Set
J.Lo’s Dress Shimmers Like a Starry Night Sky
Hailey Bieber’s Party Dress Is Made of Watches
Princess Charlotte's Birthday Portrait, by Kate
Kendall Jenner’s Halter Plunges to New Depths
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.