Please refresh the page or navigate to another page on the site to be automatically logged inPlease refresh your browser to be logged in
All the red carpet looks at the 2024 Brit Awards
I would like to be emailed about offers, events and updates from The Independent. Read our Privacy notice
The Brit Awards, celebrating the best of the UK music industry, are underway at London’s O2 Arena.
The 44th annual ceremony is set to honour breakout artists, ultra-rock groups, and the best albums of the year.
Dua Lipa, Kylie Minogue, Raye, electronic duo Jungle, and newcomer Tate McRae, are all expected to perform at the star-studded event after gracing the red carpet alongside fellow A-listers. 
The 2024 Brits is being hosted by Maya Jama, Clara Amfo, and Roman Kemp with radio presenters Yinka Bokinni and Jack Saunders welcoming stars outside the venue.
You can follow all the latest updates from the ceremony at The Independent’s live blog here. 
As always, the guests have spruced up for the evening with Grammy-winner St Vincent and Strictly Come Dancing’s Layton Williams among the stars turning heads on the red carpet. 
See below for our round-up of the best looks from the evening...
Raye
The mega-talented singer-songwriter, celebrated for her viral hit “Escapism,” brought the glitz to the red carpet in a delicate sequin orange gown with enlarged safety pins clasping the sides together. 
Jess Glynne
The 34-year-old music sensation tapped into her romantic side, dressing in a hot pink one-shoulder gown with a bunched high-cut neckline. Glynne added dimension to the otherwise solid look with a satin red shawl draped over her forearms. 
Charli XCX
The standout music star looked like a work of art in a dress molded to the shape of her upperbody. The two-tone piece contoured the front half of her, while a multi-colour patchwork satin skirt swept across her lower half. 
Vick Hope and Calvin Harris
The British television presenter and beloved DJ arrived outside the O2 Arena for date night. Harris donned a burnt orange suit with unique stitching lining the edges, while Hope wore a racy, yet tasteful black gown with a mesh bustier covering her midsection. A dark bejeweled fabric sandwiched the see-through middle portion of the dress. 
Tate McRae
McRae stepped out on the red carpet, prior to her performance, in a classy get-up. She paired a form-fitting black sequin gown with a statement gold cross necklace and waved hair. 
Rob Beckett
The 38-year-old comedian channeled his playful side by showing up in a blow-up yellow giraffe suit. Beckett flashed a smile next to a human-size silver Brit award. 
Olly Alexander 
For the 2024 Brit Awards, the talented artist stunned in a fine art- inspired style, posing in a satin green suit with gold embroidery. Adding a contemporary twist, Alexander clasped a pointed sculpture-esque choker around his neck together with mismatched gold earrings. 
Griff
The 23-year-old singer-songwriter plucked a truly avant-garde ensemble of contrasting fabrics layered over one another. On top, Griff slung over a silver sequinned low-cut tank top. The “Vertigo” singer wrapped her arms in ballooned lace sleeves, and slicked her hair back into a multi-braid ponytail. 
Green Day
Green Day’s Tre Cool and Billie Joe Armstrong twinned in dark fashion. Cool paired his usual smudged black eyeliner with his trademark cracked leather blazer. Meanwhile, Armstrong opted for a more relaxed ensemble with a black mid-length trench, an unbuttoned collared shirt, and a spikey blowout. 
Becky Hill
The 30-year-old “Lose Control” artist cut a risqué figure, sporting open-cut floor-length gown, which exposed her midriff. Hill added emerald green jewels around her neck and on her fingers to embellish the slick black dress.
CASISDEAD
The British rap and grime artist came with a posse of “Deadcorp” soldiers who formed a line behind him. Casisdead juxtaposed his team’s all-black ensemble with an army green set of tailored string pants and a wrap long-sleeve jacket. He finished off the look with a pair of dark shades. 
Ellie Goulding
The singer, known for her powerhouse ballads, flashed a soft smile in a satin bronze one-shoulder dress, which featured ruching on the left hip and a major cutout that exposed her belly button. Goulding’s metallic high heels peeked out from beneath the garment’s thigh-high slit. 
Dua Lipa
Ahead of her performance tonight, the “Dance The Night” singer walked the red carpet in a classic, chic look: a bodycon leather maxi dress with a a plunging V-neckline, paired with a thick silver cuff and matching link choker chain. 
Maya Jama
The Love Island presenter, who is making her Brits hosting debut this year, kept it simple in an elegant black gown with a mesh corset wrapping her midsection. The full-length dress ballooned into a full skirt for an extravagant finish. 
The Last Dinner Party 
The British indie rock band brought the attitude outside the arena. Singer Abigial Morris opted for a long white gown emblazoned with the words: “I’m only here for your entertainment” across the front. Meanwhile, guitarist Lizzie Mayland donned a see-through black gown with a wild petal brooch. Fellow guitarist Emily Roberts wore a baby pink bustier with multi-buckle platform stompers and pale white bloomers, while bass player Georgia Davies kept her look achromatic in a satin mini corset dress and shin-pad black boots. Lastly, keyboardist Aurora Nishevci stunned in an oxblood bustier. 
Fleur East
The 36-year-old artist craddled her baby bump on the carpet, donning a tight-fitting brown jumpsuit with a bedazzled gold top with a low turtleneck. Adding even more spice to the look, Fleur threw on a black layered shawl, dangly gold earrings, and pointed-toe pumps. 
St Vincent
For the 2024 Brit Awards, the American singer showed up in a navy blue blazer dress, with a maroon fringe skirt layered on top. The artist added sheer tights, black pointed-toe heels, and a silver Prada clutch to complete the look. 
Rebecca Ferguson
The singer-songwriter struck a pose on the red carpet in a pink and white houndstooth suit paired with a tailored mini skirt and a fitted jacket. Ferguson decorated the two-piece ensemble with a white belt and jeweled brooch. 
Tallia Storm
The Glasgow-born singer, who rose to fame after being discovered by Sir Elton John in 2012, donned a jacket printed with the Union Jack. She completed the look with an unbuttoned collared shirt, see-through tights, and chunky platform black heels. 
Yinka Bokinni 
The British television host confirmed she is pregnant on the red carpet, posing for the cameras in an elegant green satin halterneck gown. Bokinni paired the showstopping dress with platform silver, open-toe heels. 
Stepz
The British rapper cut a fine figure when he arrived at the venue in a sharp black velvet jacket, matching turtleneck, and trousers. 
Natasha Bedingfield
The New Zealand singer sparkled in a dark gown adorned with rhinestone detailing and midsection cutouts. The “Unwritten” hitmaker paired the dazzling look with a black long-sleeve overcoat featuring a layered tulle train. 
Zara McDermott
The former Love Island star stunned in a red hot lace halter gown. She upped the drama by pairing the dress with matching opera gloves and a rose embellisment in the middle of her chest. 
Layton Williams
Williams arrived outside the arena in a striking lime green pinstripe suit featuring a distinguished oversized lapel. The singer and Strictly Come Dancing star is one of the red carpet hosts for the evening. 
Join thought-provoking conversations, follow other Independent readers and see their replies
Please refresh the page or navigate to another page on the site to be automatically logged inPlease refresh your browser to be logged in