By SONIA HORON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  08:02, 20 November 2024   |  Updated:  08:21, 20 November 2024   
 7
View  comments
Sebastian Stan revealed he had to cancel his appearance on Variety's Actors on Actors because other Hollywood stars 'were too afraid' to talk about Donald Trump.
The 43-year-old, who portrays the President-elect in his new biopic, The Apprentice, attended a screening of the movie, where he said that he was supposed to take part in the new season of the talk show.
The unique format of the show features a series of interviews where two actors from different films or TV shows have candid conversations.
However, Stan had to drop out of the show when no other actor would take part and risk having to speak about the controversial political figure. 
'I couldn't find another actor to do it with me, because they were too afraid to to go and talk about this movie. So I couldn't do it,' Stan said in a video shared by one of the attendees on YouTube.  
Sebastian Stan, 43, revealed he had to cancel his appearance on Variety's Actors on Actors because other Hollywood stars 'were too afraid' to talk about Donald Trump; Seen in 2024 
Stan portrays the President-elect in his new biopic The Apprentice; Trump pictured November 16, 2024 in New York City 
'We couldn't get past the publicists or the people representing them, because [they were] too afraid to talk about this movie,' he went on.
He then expressed concern about people becoming too afraid or uncomfortable to have honest conversations, and how it could lead to a 'problem.'
'That's when I think we lose the situation. Because if it really becomes like that — fear or that discomfort to talk about this — then we’re really going to have a problem.'
Following Trump's sweeping victory in the Presidential Election, Stan said that he understands talking about him can be 'a really difficult thing to deal with at the moment.'
'I understand the emotions are very high, but I think that's the only way you're going to grasp this film,' he added.
The actor further questioned: 'If all it's saying is you cannot keep casting this person aside, especially after they get the popular vote, should we not give this a closer look and try to understand what it is about this person that's even driving that?'
It comes after Stan blasted Trump in an interview done just before Election Day.
Stan branded Trump as 'one paranoid, scared little man' who 'ain’t caring about your situation' in an episode of The Hollywood Reporter's Awards Chatter podcast.
The actor informed viewers they can watch The Apprentice on video on demand before heading to the polls 'and if you’re living in this country, you should, because it’s your right to,' he stressed.
'You have the right to be curious and know what there is to know,' Stan, whose biopic was slammed by Trump as 'fake', said.
'I couldn't find another actor to do it with me, because they were too afraid to to go and talk about this movie. So I couldn't do it,' Stan shared at a recent screening of the film; he's pictured November 2 
He then expressed concern about people becoming too afraid to have honest conversations: 'If it really becomes like that — fear or that discomfort to talk about this — then we’re really going to have a problem' 
He further said we 'cannot keep casting this person aside especially after they get the popular vote' adding, 'should we not give this a closer look and try to understand what it is about this person that's even driving that?'; seen in a still from The Apprentice
'What is really so controversial about this film? I mean, I think what’s the scariest part is our own level of denial of reality at this point. If you want to really know, it’s out there, it’s all been documented for the last 30, 40 years.'
He continued, 'There’s people that are going to say, "We don’t know what the truth is anymore." That’s the problem! He [Trump] has muddled it up so much… You can create your own truth at this point, believe what you want, and that’s what people are doing. But I think if you really care, you can still find it.' 
He added: 'And let me tell you something: There is one paranoid, scared little man that’s still out there fighting the good fight to get into the membership club of Manhattan and be put on a plaque on a wall. He ain’t caring about your situation. It’s that he‘s got to get there first. And that’s just what the film is.'
The Romanian-born actor, who immigrated to the United States with his mother at age 12, said the role appealed to him because he believed it ultimately embodied the American Dream.
'What essentially started with my sort of dismissive, judgmental attitude of this guy started to shape into something bigger, which was not just about this guy, but also about a certain mindset and this idea of the American dream as we know it, and what is it, really?'
'Because I had been obsessing about it since my mom, in New York City, pointed to the Twin Towers, and all around us, and said, "This is the promised land, this is the land of the free, this is the land of opportunity. This is where you can become someone. And I sacrificed my life for you to get here." And so I have always been in love with this idea. I am sort of an example of the American dream. I’ve lucked out.'
'The movie was asking the question, "What is the cost?" And this man was sort of a really good example of what can happen as a result when you lose who you are because you are so focused on one thing and that nothing else matters, not even your humanity.'
The Apprentice stars Stan as a young Trump and includes controversial scenes including one where Trump sexually assaults his then-wife, Ivana Trump, and one where he gets liposuction and surgery to cover up a growing bald spot at the back of his head.
Trump called the movie 'FAKE' and 'CLASSLESS' on Truth Social, adding that it 'will hopefully "bomb."' 
The Apprentice was released on October 11.
The Apprentice — which stars Stan as a young Trump and includes a number of controversial scenes — was released on October 11
On Truth Social, Trump called The Apprentice 'FAKE' and 'CLASSLESS'
Trump won the 2024 Election despite the large numbers of Hollywood stars who backed Kamala Harris' campaign, including Showbiz royalty Oprah, Beyoncé, and Jennifer Lopez, among others, accompanying the Vice President at her events.
Blockbuster stars George Clooney and Julia Roberts featured in her campaign ads, and millennial and Gen-Z icons, such as Taylor Swift and Charli XCX, urged citizens to turn up at the polls - but her campaign's reliance on 'virtue-signalling' A-listers was not enough.
Trump became the nation's next president after captured votes in a wave of swing states, winning both the popular vote and the electoral college overnight.
He received the backing of firebrands Tesla CEO Elon Musk, former WWE star Hulk Hogan, and Joe Rogan, who delivered a last-minute endorsement of Republican candidate on the eve of Election Day.
While it is debatable what effect celebrity endorsements actually have on voters, experts claim that Rogan's single endorsement to his millions of followers likely helped Trump much more than the star-studded line-up preaching the blue wall.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group