Please log in, or sign up for a new account and purchase a Premium Subscription to continue reading.


Please purchase a Premium Subscription to continue reading.

Your current subscription does not provide access to this content.

Support the Peninsula’s only locally-owned newspaper. Subscribe!
Subscribing annually brings you big savings. We also offer monthly and weekly subscriptions.
Premium Subscription
As low as $8.25 per week
Premium Includes:
-- Access to the Daily Journal’s e-Edition: a digital replica of our daily newspaper including crossword puzzles, games, comics, classifieds and ads. You can download a digital replica of the Daily Journal for offline reading. You can also clip & download articles or images from the e-edition to share with others The most recent 90 issues are available at any given time.
-- Unlimited access to our award-winning online content
-- Commenting access on all stories as a valued member of the DJ community
-- NEW! Access to our online-only digital crossword puzzle. A new puzzle every day, seven days a week!
Support the Peninsula’s only locally-owned newspaper. Subscribe!
Subscribing annually brings you big savings. We also offer monthly and weekly subscriptions.
DJ Basic Subscription
As low as $5 per month
Basic includes:
-- Unlimited access to our award-winning online content
-- Commenting access on all stories as a valued member of the DJ community
What you're missing -- Additional features available only with the Premium level:
-- Access to the Daily Journal’s e-Edition: a digital replica of our daily newspaper including crossword puzzles, games, comics, classifieds and ads. You can download a digital replica of the Daily Journal for offline reading. You can also clip & download articles or images from the e-edition to share with others The most recent 90 issues are available at any given time.
-- NEW! Access to our online-only digital crossword puzzle. A new puzzle every day, seven days a week!
All for as low as $8.25 per month.
Mostly clear. Low around 50F. Winds NW at 15 to 25 mph.  Winds could occasionally gust over 40 mph..
                                
Mostly clear. Low around 50F. Winds NW at 15 to 25 mph.  Winds could occasionally gust over 40 mph.
 Updated: May 3, 2025 @ 7:55 pm
Today is Friday, Aug. 2, the 215th day of 2024. There are 151 days left in the year.
Today in history:
On Aug. 2, 1921, a jury in Chicago acquitted several former members of the Chicago White Sox baseball team and two others of conspiring to defraud the public in the notorious "Black Sox" scandal (though they would be banned from Major League Baseball for life by Commissioner Kenesaw Mountain Landis).
Also on this date:
In 1776, members of the Second Continental Congress began attaching their signatures to the Declaration of Independence.
In 1790, the first United States Census was conducted under the supervision of Thomas Jefferson; a total of 3,929,214 U.S. residents were counted.
In 1873, inventor Andrew S. Hallidie (HAH'-lih-day) successfully tested a cable car he had designed for the city of San Francisco.
In 1876, frontiersman "Wild Bill" Hickok was shot and killed while playing poker at a saloon in Deadwood, Dakota Territory, by Jack McCall, who was later hanged.
On Aug. 2, 1923, the 29th president of the United States, Warren G. Harding, died in San Francisco; Vice President Calvin Coolidge became president.
In 1934, German President Paul von Hindenburg died, paving the way for Adolf Hitler's complete takeover.
In 1939, Albert Einstein signed a letter to President Franklin D. Roosevelt urging creation of an atomic weapons research program.
In 1945, President Harry S. Truman, Soviet leader Josef Stalin and Britain's new prime minister, Clement Attlee, concluded the Potsdam conference.
In 1974, former White House counsel John W. Dean III was sentenced to one to four years in prison for obstruction of justice in the Watergate cover-up. (Dean ended up serving four months.)
In 1985, 137 people were killed when Delta Air Lines Flight 191, a Lockheed L-1011 Tristar, crashed while attempting to land at Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport.
In 1990, Iraq invaded Kuwait, seizing control of the oil-rich emirate. (The Iraqis were later driven out by the U.S. in Operation Desert Storm.)
In 2018, Pope Francis decreed that the death penalty is "inadmissible" under all circumstances and the Catholic Church should campaign to abolish it.
Today's Birthdays: Rock musician Garth Hudson (The Band) is 87. Author Isabel Allende is 82. Singer Kathy Lennon (The Lennon Sisters) is 81. Actor Butch Patrick (TV: "The Munsters") is 71. Rock music producer/drummer Butch Vig is 69. Actor Mary-Louise Parker is 60. Writer-actor-director Kevin Smith is 54. Actor Sam Worthington is 48. Actor Edward Furlong is 47. TV meteorologist Dylan Dreyer (TV: "Today") is 43. Actor Lily Gladstone is 38. WNBA point guard Skylar Diggins-Smith is 34. Singer Charli XCX is 32. Olympic swimming gold medalist Simone Manuel is 28.

                            Only subscribers can view and post comments on articles.
                        

                            Already a subscriber? Login Here

Please come out and join us for the last SHP performance of the 2025 Season.  Read moreThis Weekend Only - Come out and see CLUE - The Comedy!
Visit the beautiful San Mateo Garden Center for this free annual event.   Read morePlant Sale & Craft Fair
Snoopy! The Musical is a nostalgic musical comedy. It's charming, hilarious, and will keep y… Read moreSnoopy The Musical at Our Lady of Angels School


Mike Caggiano
 said:
                        


View more




Jorg
 said:
                        


View more




Rel
 said:
                        


View more




easygerd
 said:
                        


View more




Dirk van Ulden
 said:
                        


View more



Success! An email has been sent to  with a link to confirm list signup.
            

Error! There was an error processing your request.
            
If it breaks, we'll send it to you.
Join this email list to be kept abreast of breaking news.
Sign up today!
Wake up to our carefully curated list of headlines with the Daily Journal's daily newsletter.
All the top stories -- local news, local sports, lifestyle, opinions, obituaries, entertainment, plus regional/national/global info to keep you informed. Newsletter arrives every morning for your convenience.
Sign up today!
Would you like to receive our Marketing and Business Intelligence newsletter? The Daily Journal is proud to offer a newsletter providing vital information that will benefit your career, your business, and/or your organization.
Get updates on LOCAL SPORTS!
All the latest and greatest local sports headlines straight to your inbox. Every Monday, Wednesday and Friday morning, the Daily Journal will send you links to our best local sports stories.
Sign up now!
If you have an event you'd like to list on the site, submit it now!
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: