The band's last album was 2017's 'Pollinator'
It has been revealed that Blondie will be releasing a brand new album sometime next year.
Blondie co-founder, guitarist and photographer Chris Stein took to his official Instagram account to share a black and white photo of frontwoman Debbie Harry sat in the studio. The caption of the photo read: “New Blondie album next year,” confirming that the legendary new wave group will be releasing new work in 2025.
At the time of writing, no further details such as the release date, album title, trackist or album artwork have been revealed.
The band’s last full-length release was 2017’s ‘Pollinator’. The album marked their 11th studio LP and featured the likes of TV On The Radio’s Dave Sitek, Charli XCX, Sia, Dev Hynes and Johnny Marr as songwriting collaborators.
A post shared by Cʜʀɪs Sᴛᴇɪɴ (@christein)
‘Pollinator’ also saw Joan Jett and Laurie Anderson appear as guests on the track ‘Doom Or Destiny’, while The Gregory Brothers appeared on the track ‘When I Gave Up On You’. The album was recorded at the famous NYC recording studio The Magic Shop, which is where David Bowie laid down his final album ‘Blackstar’.
This year saw the ‘Heart Of Glass’ hitmakers play a handful of live shows including two gigs at Halifax Piece Hall earlier this summer. They also performed at the very first Plymouth Summer Sessions, alongside Tom Jones, Bryan Adams, Madness and Sting and headlined Cruel World Festival in Pasadena, California with Duran Duran and Interpol.
Last year, the group played a hit-packed set at Glastonbury Festival, during which they honoured Donna Summer and the Sex Pistols.
A post shared by Blondie (@blondieofficial)
Joining them on bass was former Sex Pistol Glenn Matlock, who spoke to NME backstage about his memory of meeting the band for the first time.
“I can’t remember exactly because I was probably really drunk and out of it, but I think I met them first when I did a for-one-night-only gig with Sid Vicious at the Electric Ballroom in ‘78 or ‘79,” he said. “Blondie turned up as a band, and I think that’s when I met Clem [Burke] and Debbie [Harry] for the first time.
“What I thought was quite sweet about them was that when bands go on tour and have a night off, everyone tends to filter off somewhere – but they always seemed to be out and about as a band. I thought that was good.”
Elsewhere, Stein recently released his third book Under a Rock earlier this summer. The book is a memoir written by the musician over the course of a few years and was described as a “no-holds-barred” memoir by its publisher Macmillan.
Recently, Harry shared that she would like to collaborate with Johnny Depp in the future. “I was just talking with one of our crew about Johnny Depp, somebody I’ve always admired. It’s a very long list of directors and actors that I would love to work with,” she told Metro in an interview.
In other news, The Last Dinner Party recently covered Blondie‘s ‘Call Me’ for Australian broadcaster Triple j’s Like A Version series.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.