Please refresh the page or navigate to another page on the site to be automatically logged inPlease refresh your browser to be logged in
Charli XCX pulled double duty as host and musical guest during ‘Saturday Night Live’ on November 16 
I would like to be emailed about offers, events and updates from The Independent. Read our Privacy notice
Saturday Night Live has brought back a fan-favorite sketch during its latest episode.
Charli XCX, 32, served as both SNL’s host and musical guest on November 16. One month after host Ariana Grande broke the internet with the viral “Domingo” sketch on October 12, the British pop star shared her own rendition of the skit with a hilarious version of Chappell Roan’s “Hot to Go.”
In Grande’s sketch, she performed an off-key rendition of Sabrina Carpenter’s “Espresso” at a wedding with cast members Heidi Gardner, Ego Nwodim, and Sarah Sherman. Chloe Fineman played the bride, as her bridal party sang about the group’s bachelorette party – where they met the mysterious Domingo (Marcello Hernandez).
This time, Charli replaced Grande’s character at a baby shower for her cousin Kelsey (Fineman). The singers were back again, performing the Chappell Roan hit song, though they had changed the words to reflect their recent “babymoon” trip to Miami, Florida.
“We get facials at the spa, but Kelsey doesn’t talk at all,” Charli sang, also off-key. Nwodim then chimed in: “We say, ‘Kelsey get off your phone,’ cause we know who she’s texting! We know who she’s texting!”
The cast then spelled out “D-O-M-I-N-G-O” to the tune of “Hot To Go,” as the lyrics hinted that Hernandez’s Domingo could be the father of Kelsey’s baby.
Fans were elated about the return of Domingo, as one user wrote on X/Twitter: “No this means everything to me.”
However, some people believed that nothing could top the original starring Grande, like one person who said: “I’m sorry but there can never be another espresso domingo.”
Charli appeared in several sketches during the show, including a skit about Shrek The Musical and performing a song with Brooklyn 99 star Andy Samberg. In another sketch mocking America’s Next Top Model on Thanksgiving, the singer played Victoria Beckham.
While on stage, she was introduced by Julia Fox before performing the track “360” off her critically acclaimed album, Brat. For her second performance, Charli sang “Sympathy is a Knife,” also from the 2024 album.
Meanwhile, the SNL cast mocked President-elect Donald Trump’s controversial cabinet picks in the cold open sketch on Saturday night. The skit, which began by poking fun at Trump and President Joe Biden’s transition meeting, took jabs at the many people who could join the president-elect’s cabinet come January.
“It’s all about surrounding yourself with the best people,” comedian James Austin Johnson said, playing Trump in the sketch. “And I am very vastly picking the most epic cabinet of all time. They’re some of the most dynamic, free-thinking, animal-killing, sexually-criminal, medically-crazy people in the country.”
Sherman played Matt Gaetz, Trump’s pick for attorney general, who is facing allegations of sexual misconduct in a “damaging report” set to be released by the House Ethics Committee. Alec Baldwin also returned to SNL as Robert F. Kennedy Jr., a known vaccine-skeptic, who Trump has selected to lead Health and Human Services.
Join thought-provoking conversations, follow other Independent readers and see their replies
Please refresh the page or navigate to another page on the site to be automatically logged inPlease refresh your browser to be logged in