Wednesday, January 1, 2025 at 12:39 AM
                

                        By Ally Reid
                                                    

X

                                @ashallann
                            


            Including Addison Rae, Billie Eilish, Troye Sivan
        
Charli XCX celebrated the end of her successful year in 2024 by sharing behind-the-scenes moments, including footage of herself with Addison Rae making the remix for “Von Dutch.” She posted a slideshow on Instagram showcasing her favorite memories and people from the year, including photos with Billie Eilish and A.G. Cook. Charli also shared clips of her in the studio with Rae and Troye Sivan doing the “Apple” dance, giving fans a glimpse into her creative process and collaborations. Rolling Stone ranked her album "Brat" as the Number One album of 2024, praising her for pushing boundaries and delivering a high-energy, introspective project.

                    Does this seem extreme?
                

                    The group is prepping for their Las Vegas residency
                

                    The products will be available at Ulta starting in April.

                

                    Find out what is her favorite scent
                

                    Call  620-HOT-TOGO
                
Become A FLY92.3 VIP!
Exclusive Contests, Content & More!  Join Now!
Everybody Loves Cake
Start Your Day With Jake & Libby
Get Our Free App Now!  Let's Go Everywhere Together
Join FLY92.3 For An Amazing Weekend Of Music And More!

                                    Celebrate with the Carnival on Hamburg Street!
                                

                                    Join us at the Cohoes Public Library on Saturday, May 3rd as we celebrate Star Wars Day and Free Comic Book Day!
                                

                                    Cheer on the Albany Firebird this season at the MVP Arena!!

Get your tickets now to secure your seat to all the action and be part of the Firebirds' journey ...
                                

                                    The Cohoes Public Library will be hosting a Suicide Prevention event: Talk Saves Lives by the American Foundation for Suicide Prevention.