Ice Spice has been marked as one of the 'ones to watch' as she's nominated for Best New Artist at this year's Grammy Awards.
The rapper joins others in the category including Gracie Abrams and Victoria Monét and has been noted as the potential winner for the award after a whirlwind year in 2023. The star collaborated with Doja Cat, Taylor Swift, Nicki Minaj and acted opposite Ben Affleck in a Dunkin' Donuts ad. The 'Karma' singer isn't done yet either as 2024 will see tour and release new music, as well as receiving other awards including a 2024 Billboard Women in Music Award. Ice Spice will be recognised alongside NewJeans, Kylie Minogue, Charli XCX, Tems, Luisa Sonza, Young Miko, Maren Morris, and Victoria Monét in March.
Yet before this she could pick up her first Grammy Award celebrating her music, which has been described as "unapologetic" and "fierce" by fans.
READ MORE: P Diddy will not be attending the 2024 Grammy Awards after sexual assault allegations
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US .
Ice Spice, real name Isis Gaston, is just 24 years old but has already carved out a successful name for herself in the music industry. Her most popular song on Spotify, 'Boy's a Liar pt2', a collaboration with PinkPantheress became such a smash hit it broke into the No. 3 spot on the Hot 100. Her breakout single 'Munch (Feelin’ U)' has also been a solid hit, and is also up for a Grammy Award in the Best Song Written for Visual Media category. She's also earned another nomination for her song with Nicki Minaj from the Barbie Soundtrack, titled 'Barbie World'.
The award win would be a great way for Ice Spice to start 2024, and especially to put the controversy that followed her last year to bed. The rapper was linked to The 1975's frontman Matt Healy last year after a past interview of him resurfaced where he was seen laughing about racist comments made about Ice Spice in a podcast with Adam Friedland and Nick Mullen.
Appearing on The Adam Friedland Show, Matt was part of a conversation and seen laughing along to comments made about Ice Spice including remarks on her weight and ethnicity. Although Matt never made the comments himself, he was seen chuckling to comments about the US rapper labelling her an "Inuit Spice Girl" and a "chubby Chinese lady".
Addressing the comments, whilst speaking to Variety Ice Spice said she was left 'so confused' by The 1975 singer. She told the publication: "When I had heard that little podcast or whatever, I was so confused. Because I heard 'chubby Chinese lady' or some s**t like that, and I’m like, 'Huh? What does that even mean?' First of all, I’m thick. What do you mean Chinese? What? But then they apologised or whatever. And the whole time, I didn’t really care."
She revealed Healy had apologised as she added: "But that’s funny because I saw him at the Jean Paul Gaultier party a couple days ago, and he was like, "Hey, you OK?" and I’m like, "Of course." He apologised to me a bunch of times. We’re good."
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.