From Lord of the Rings to history-making presidents and scientists, heroic baby names are a sure pick if you want your child to light up a room. After all, who doesn’t love a name so iconic, their friends won’t even have to ask, “are you named after...?”

 Ahead, check out our roundup of heroic names for babies, taking inspiration from fictional characters to real heroes who impacted history.

Although many baby names are often separated by gender, Parents believes that sex does not need to play a role in selecting names. It's important to choose a name you feel fits your child best.
Parents / Getty Images
 Names from the Marvelverse aren’t the only heroic girl names. Consider for example fantasy names from Lord of the Rings, or real-life greats like Rosa Parks. Heroic girls have always been here. 

 Originally the name of a Greek goddess, many might recognize this name from royalty Princess Diana, whose spirit of philanthropy was sheer heroism.

 A Lord of the Rings character, Galadriel is also the heroine of the new television series, The Rings of Power.

 There have been many famous Maries through history, but perhaps the most heroic of them all was Marie Curie, a Polish-French physicist and chemist, who conducted groundbreaking, Nobel Prize winning research on radioactivity.

 A gorgeous short name worn by English mathematician Ada Lovelace, who worked on Charles Babbage’s mechanical general purpose computer.

 A grounded name for the original female high-flier Amelia Earhart, who held many early aviation records, including being the first woman to make a solo flight across the Atlantic Ocean.

 This beautiful Greek moniker has its roots in ancient Alexandria, Egypt, as the name of the first female mathematician whose life was documented.

 Joan of Arc, honored as the patron saint of France, defended the nation during the Hundred Years’ War.

 A name that instantly conjures visions of strength, Malala is the name of a preeminent activist for women’s rights and education, Malala Yousafzai.

 Oprah brings to mind only one person: the Oprah Winfrey, whose activism and long-running talk show have brought women’s issues to the fore for close to three decades.

 Ruth, the name worn by Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsberg, is infused with themes of crossing the aisle and forging heroic alliances.

 History is full of heroic men. From Greek mythology to the Civil Rights Movement, there are tons of heroes spanning the ages. 

 This name is shared by Harvey Milk was the first openly gay man to be elected into public office.

 For the Greek myth buff in the family, Odysseus’s travels were documented in The Odyssey. 

 Your child can share this battle ready name with Reverend Martin Luther King Jr, one of the most famous leaders of the Civil Rights Movement.

 Nelson is a name that reached its highest popularity in the 1930s and 40s, but is shared by the famed former president of South Africa, Nelson Mandela, who helped end Apartheid.

 An old school biblical name, the name is shared by Abraham Lincoln, the 16th president of the United States.

 A very British name indeed, Winston got its fame from none other than Winston Churchill, the Prime Minister of England who helped usher in the conclusion of the Second World War.

 A heroic science-inspired name that earns an A+, Albert is shared by famed physicist Albert Einstein. 

 A name that conjures ideas of victory; one famous Nikola was Nikola Tesla, whose study of electricity furthered our understanding of AC/DC current.

 A name that invokes the Greek and Roman god of sunlight, also associated with prophecy, music, and poetry.

 Of course, not all heroes are men or women—some are transgender, or have names that are gender-neutral. From Biblical times to current, the following are gender-neutral names with heroic attitude.

 A Hebrew name that means “rest” or “repose,” the name Noah calls to mind the Biblical tale of Noah’s Ark.

 The name James is shared by Civil Rights activist and author, James Baldwin. 

 Throughout the centuries, there have been many outstanding Evelyns, but Evelyn Waugh, an author who fought with valor in World War Two, also penned numerous novels about the disillusionment of war.

 Whether you’re nodding to famed actor Charlie Chaplin, author Charles Dickens, or singer Charli XCX, this name carries with it a bravery all its own.

 Owing recent popularity to the Game of Thrones character Arya Stark, this name is a heroic choice for any gender.

 Billie Jean King, one of the most famous American tennis stars of all time, won the Presidential Medal of Freedom for her advocacy for women in sports and LGBTQ+ rights.

 Audre Lorde, a poet, essayist, feminist, and equal rights activist, lends her heroic name to this list. 

 A famed Black activist, Carter G. Woodson’s name is a heroic choice for this list: his scholarly contributions led to the establishment of Black History Month.

 Lynn Conway was a transgender activist who also advanced computer science at IBM.

 An unforgettable baby name, Artemis is derived from the Greek goddess of the moon, hunting, and chastity. 

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)