The “bratty” pop princess, whose chart-topping album led to the creation of “brat summer,” stars in the latest campaign from the Stockholm-based brand 
The “bratty” pop princess, whose chart-topping album led to the creation of “brat summer,” stars in the latest campaign from the Stockholm-based brand 
Acne Studios’ newest campaign is here and features the one and only, Charli XCX. Modeling the brand’s Spring/Summer 2025 pieces in Los Angeles, captured by Talia Chetrit and styled by Leopold Duchemin, “the campaign comprises an offbeat insight into the life of a prolific artist,” the brand notes in a statement.
Throughout the campaign, the musician and V cover star alum is styled in various Acne Studios products like accessories from the new season including the Multipocket and Bowlina bag and coated iridescent and painted trompe-l’oeil denim pieces from the SS25 collection. Charli, whose Sweat Tour with fellow musician Troye Sivan just ended, sported many pieces from Acne Studios during the tour, as well as in the promo for her sixth studio album, Brat, which defined the cultural zeitgeist this summer.
“I’ve been wearing Acne Studios forever in my personal life and the brand has become a really important part of this album, too,” Charli said in a statement. “I was wearing Acne Studios whilst I was writing this record and I’ve been wearing Acne Studios on stage throughout my tour. Their clothes are effortless and cool and always make me feel confident. It’s a dream to work with the Acne Studios team.”
“We’re always drawn to personalities and creative energies that are unafraid to explore and challenge the idea of boundaries. What’s fascinating about Charli is how she blurs the lines between underground and mainstream, pulling these worlds together rather than apart, which speaks to me,” notes Jonny Johansson, Creative Director of Acne Studios. “ Her ability to bring a new perspective and push boundaries in an authentic way is something she does very naturally, which is precisely why she feels so aligned with what we do at Acne Studios.”
The pieces Charli is wearing in the campaign and other SS25 ready-to-wear, bags. and accessories are now available in Acne Studios stores worldwide and online.
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!