Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
 2024 was a big year for Glastonbury, not that the world-famous festival ever has 'small years'. Cyndi Lauper, Shania Twain, Dua Lipa, SZA and Coldplay all took to the coveted Pyramid Stage, while Avril Lavigne and The Sugababes caused unexpected chaos as fans swarmed to their burgeoning venues. 
Next year has a lot to live up to. Although headlining acts are yet to be confirmed, Eminem, Madonna, and Olivia Rodrigo's names have all been whispered about. Meanwhile, organiser Emily Eavis says her dream act is actually Kate Bush.
As for Somerset Live? Well, here are some of my humble suggestions as someone who was present this year. 
One of the trickiest balancing acts for Glasto is booking someone popular enough to please fans but not so popular that they'll create crowd control issues or too much competition for other performers. This year, I tried and failed to get into Avril Lavigne's Other Stage set for fear of being trampled by her fans. Instead, I saw the wonderful Janelle Monáe at the nearby Pyramid Stage and was shocked by how easy it was to get to the front of the crowd.
Everyone says draft Taylor, but if Glasto booked her she'd overshadow all the other acts. There would barely be a point to putting on other acts during her slot. 
P!nk hits the sweet spot. Ask yourself this: have you ever met a P!nk superfan? Have you met someone with P!nk in their Spotify Wrapped? Probably not. But if you sung one of her legion hits to a friend, they'd probably know the lyrics reflexively.
Get the Party Started. Just Like A Pill. Who Knew. So What?. Raise Your Glass. Sober. Funhouse. U and Ur Hand. Lady Marmalade. These are all songs to scream in a sodden field with the wind and rain hammering in your ears (it's safer to assume Glasto will have miserable weather until proven otherwise).
P!nk is great. She's just the kind of great where you forget how great she is until she comes on the radio. This makes her the natural choice for Glastonbury.
Other contenders: Eminem, Kendrick Lamar, Olivia Rodrigo, Radiohead, Paramore, The 1975, Lady Gaga
Calling this part of Glasto the 'Other Stage' can feel like a bit of a backhanded compliment, defining it in relation to the bigger, 'better' stage a short walk away. However, I actually preferred the Other Stage to the Pyramid: it was usually less busy, which meant I actually had space to dance and not just awkwardly shuffle. 
You might not have heard of JADE. But if you have kids who grew up in the during the 2010s, you would have almost certainly heard of the pop group she used to be a part of. With bonafide hits like Wings and Black Magic, Little Mix were marketed as a fun group of friends who were great role models for young girls. 
Now, JADE has gone solo. Her debut single Angel of My Dreams is something of an electro-pop Bohemian Rhapsody, a sonically kaleidoscopic song chronicling her wins and losses in the music industry. 
The ambitious debut peaked at #7 on the charts and spent most of the summer in the top 40. NME, Pitchfork, Billboard, Rolling Stone, The Guardian and The New York Times all put the track on their year-end list of best songs.
JADE has the attitude of Madonna, the musical stylings of Charli XCX and a keen taste for irony like Marina and the Diamonds. Frankly, you know a popstar means business when they ditch their last name and refer to themselves in all-caps.
With her debut album expected to drop next spring, 2025 would be the perfect year to perform at Glasto - especially as Little Mix never did!
Other contenders: Rachel Chinouriri, Halsey, WILLOW, Sabrina Carpenter, boygenius, Mumford and Sons, Chappell Roan
When I visited the West Holts stage this year, it was decorated with charming technicolour flags shimmering like shoals of fish in the sun. It was also full of slightly less charming rubbish! Basically everywhere you stepped!
Litter? At a festival?!?  This cannot stand. We need some eco-conscious icons to step on that stage and show everyone how it's done. A group that "makes good use of the things that they find, the things that the everyday folks leave behind". We need The Wombles.
It'll be a long train journey down from Wimbledon, but it could be a lot worse. I spoke to festivalgoers who had travelled all the way from Cuba, Spain and the US. It helps that The Wombles already lit up the stage in 2011 and are well overdue for a triumphant return.
What's that? Youngsters might not remember The Wombles? Well, I have a few responses to that. Firstly, I'm 25 and I know the Wombles. Mostly because my dad sang the theme song in the car a lot growing up, but that still counts. Secondly, Glasto isn't just for fresh-faced 19-year-olds and not everything should have to be geared towards them.
Thirdly, even if The Wombles is a little before some people's time, there's a first time to be introduced to anything! Why not introduce The Wombles to a new generation?
Other contenders: The Wombats, Tierra Whack, Say Now, MARINA, Lauv, JVKE, Mother Mother, The Noisettes
How can I explain Woodsies to someone who hasn't had the pleasure of being there? Imagine the peaceful tranquillity of a forest glade without the forest. 
Woodsies has an ethereal, almost fae-like atmosphere with a nearby nature trail and mostly acoustic acts filling the air with dulcet tones. The first time I ventured there a speaker was leading a meditation circle encouraging those present to feel the interconnected power of the earth beneath our feet.
Also, it costs roughly £6 for a small bowl of granola. 
Performers at Woodsies tend to be a little rockier, a little folksier, or simply a little more offbeat than your average popstar. With this in mind, The Hoosiers would make the perfect headliners for this venue.
Back in 2007, their debut album Trick to Life shot to #1 and eventually sold more than half-a-million copies. The record was irreverent yet heartfelt, spanning classic hits like Goodbye Mr A, Cops and Robbers, and Worried About Ray.
Their deep-cuts are even better than their greatest hits though, and some of them fit the bill for Woodsies perfectly. 'The Feeling You Get When' would play best during golden hour, whereas '(My) Secret Service' would be a lovely accompaniment to twilight.
Other contenders: FIZZ, Jensen McRae, Damien Rice, beabadoobee, The Greeting Committee, Jetty Bones, The Pierces
American folk singer Tracy Chapman has a lot of great songs but you probably remember her for 'Fast Car'. The timeless classic tells the tale of wide-eyed dreamers being hit with bitter disappointment and harsh economic realities as they try to make it out of one bad situation only to find themselves in a different, entirely new bad situation.
"You got a fast car, I want a ticket to anywhere" is a lyric to speak to a troubled nation. This year saw riots, huge storms, a challenging economy and increased political polarisation as everyone seems to agree the country is in a bad way but disagree on how to get out of it. 
Older Glasto-goers will remember it from their youth. Younger fans may know it from the many, many covers and remixes (Justin Bieber, Luke Combs and Mutya from The Sugababes have all put their own spin on it). All will be able to commiserate with the classic story of dashed hopes.
On a slightly less miserable note, the rest of her discography is good too!
Other contenders: The Chicks, Hootie and the Blowfish, Joni Mitchell, Counting Crows, The Cure, The Bangles
Join Somerset Live’s WhatsApp community for top stories and breaking news sent directly to your phone
Somerset Live is now on WhatsApp and we want you to join our community.
Through the app, we’ll send the latest breaking news, top stories, exclusives and much more straight to your phone.
To join our community you need to already have WhatsApp. All you need to do is click this link and select ‘Join Community’.
No one will be able to see who is signed up and no one can send messages except the Somerset Live team. 
We also treat community members to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. If you don’t like our community, you can check out at any time you like.
To leave our community, click on the name at the top of your screen and choose ‘Exit group’.
If you’re curious, you can read our Privacy Notice.
Click here to join our WhatsApp community.