However, the singer called the idea of Spears recording a song she wrote a "dream come true."

													By
												

	Rania Aniftos


	Charli XCX confirmed longtime rumors that she worked on new music for Britney Spears.

	During a recent appearance on Watch What Happens Live, the “Von Dutch” singer clarified that she did write music for the pop princess, but Spears never recorded the tracks. “It leaked to the press. Britney then did this post where she was like, ‘I don’t have random people write for me.’ And I was like, ‘Oh. OK. Go off.’ So I don’t know that she was a part of the process,” Charli explained. “The team were present… But she didn’t record it. She obviously didn’t.”

	However, Charli called the idea of Spears recording any of her songs “a dream come true.”

	












	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Britney Spears		
					






















	
		
					Charli xcx		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	Back in January, Spears slammed the rumors circulating about collaborating with Charli and Julia Michaels in an Instagram post. “Just so we’re clear most of the news is trash,” she wrote in a lengthy caption. “They keep saying I’m turning to random people to do a new album … I will never return to the music industry !!!”

	She continued, “When I write, I write for fun or I write for other people !!! For those of you who have read my book, there’s loads that you don’t know about me … I’ve written over 20 songs for other people the past two years !!! I’m a ghostwriter and I honestly enjoy it that way !!! People are also saying MY BOOK WAS RELEASED WITHOUT MY APPROVAL ILLEGALLY and that’s far from the truth … have you read the news these days ??? I’m so LOVED and blessed !!!”

	Watch Charli’s full Watch What Happens Live interview below.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.