“It’s frankly incomprehensible that I’m tweeting this – but here’s the line-up for Stonebridge at Glastonbury and, to my great excitement and astonishment, I’m on it"
BBC newsreader Ros Atkins will DJ at this year's Glastonbury.
Atkins is scheduled to play on the Stonebridge stage in the Park area alongside Bradley Zero B2B Batu, Daphni, Erol Alkan B2B DJ Paulette, MJ Cole, Jamz Supernova, Yung Singh B2B Moktar, and many more.
In 2022, the journalist, who presents Outside Source on the BBC News channel and is known for his viral news explainer videos on social media, shared that he was a drum & bass DJ back in his 20s, inspired by the likes of LTJ Bukem, Ray Keith, DJ Storm, Dillinja, DJ Hype and Kenny Ken.
That same year, he shared a drum & bass DJ mix for BBC 6 Music’s Desert Island Disco All-Dayer inspired by nights spent at Electric Brixton in South London. 
“It’s frankly incomprehensible that I’m tweeting this – but here’s the line-up for Stonebridge at Glastonbury and, to my great excitement and astonishment, I’m on it," he wrote on X last Wednesday (15th May).
“What started with a one-off drum and bass set for BBC6 Music two years ago has ended up here. Very grateful for the invitation. Work on the set has already begun...”
This year's Glastonbury festival will return to its home of Worthy Farm in Somerset from 21st-25th June, with Dua Lipa, Coldplay and SZA due to headline and the likes of Justice, LCD Soundsystem, Jamie xx and Disclosure all set to play.
The festival's electronic music-focused area Silver Hayes will see more than 150 acts play across four stages over the course of the weekend, including Joy Orbison, Shygirl, Charli XCX, I. JORDAN, Bonobo, Midland, Girls Don't Sync, Sammy Virji, Interplanetary Criminal and more.
Last month, the festival's Shangri-La area announced its full 2024 line-up, featuring Glasto's first-ever dedicated South Asian space, Arrivals, a collaboration between Dialled In, Going South and Daytimers. 
It's frankly incomprehensible that I'm tweeting this - but here's the line-up for Stonebridge at @glastonbury and, to my great excitement and astonishment, I'm on it. What started with a one-off drum and bass set for BBC6Music two years ago has ended up here. Very grateful for… pic.twitter.com/JZWe6DplTm