17 July 2024

Gabbriette Bechtel has gushed about her love for fiancé Matty Healy.
Gabbriette Bechtel gushes about fiance Matty Healy

Last month, the 26-year-old singer announced that she and The 1975 singer were engaged after a nine-month romance and Gabbriette is eager to have children with the 35-year-old rocker.

She told Vogue.co.uk: "I love being in love. When I thought that I was in love before it was just me being a person of service to somebody else.

"When I have kids, it’s going to be: dinner every night – no phones – to celebrate the smaller things and recognise people’s happiness."

Gabbriette has been close friends with Charli XCX (real name Charlotte Aitchison), since the popstar hired her to play a zombie in one of her music videos in 2016.

Charli is engaged to Matty's bandmate George Daniel and Gabbriette has given her advice to those who are still single and looking, hinting that her friends were involved in getting her and Matty together.

She said: "Answer all your DMs and listen to your closest friends. When they like somebody, you should listen to them.”

Gabbriette and Matty started dating in the aftermath of his fling with superstar Taylor Swift, 34.

Matty is believed to have inspired some of the tracks on Taylor's latest LP, 'The Tortured Poets Department', but he insisted he "hasn't listened to much" of the record.

The pair briefly dated in 2023, and she is thought to have used several of her relationships as inspiration for her record, but when asked about a certain "diss track" that is supposedly about him, he admitted he hadn't even really listened to the record.

He told 'Entertainment Tonight:': "My diss track? I haven’t really listened to that much of it, but I’m sure it’s good.”

The singer appeared unfazed by Taylor's latest project, and his family was insistent that he was not going to be "surprised" that he had inspired the track 'The Smallest Man Who Ever Lived'. 

Matty's aunt Debbie Dedes - who is the sister of his television actress mother Denise Welch - told MailOnline: "Nothing surprises him anymore. He will not be surprised by the song. Him and her know what went on.

"She writes about all her relationships, doesn't she? I don't think it will come as a shock to him at all.

"He's very happy in his new relationship so I'm sure he will be focusing on that.

"As my nephew, we know a bit more about what went on than has been in the press."
© 2025 FemaleFirst Ltd. all rights reserved.
duration : 0.10047s v4.2 - 2025-05-04 04:16:34