By LUKE ANDREWS SENIOR HEALTH REPORTER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  02:00, 12 December 2024   |  Updated:  14:20, 12 December 2024   
 132
View  comments
Forget filler in the lips and cheeks, these days women are getting injections directly into their nipples.
That's according to plastic surgeons in New York, Chicago and Los Angeles, who say that the trend is starting to take off.
They are seeking the injections to make their breasts appear 'perkier' and 'more excited' amid a growing trend of women going braless in see-through tops.
Dr Norman Rowe, a plastic surgeon in New York City, says he now sees up to five women a week for the procedure, which involves injecting filler directly into the base of the nipple.
This lifts its tip causing it to become perkier, and leading to the more erect appearance.
Dr Anna Avaliani, a cosmetic surgeon in NYC who is also seeing a surge in patients, added: 'People travel across the US to see me... people are not changing the size of their nipples, they are just enhancing the look and trying to look more "aroused".'
The trend comes as women try to emulate celebrities like Bella Hadid, Lauren Sanchez and Bianca Censori who have been prone to free the nipple.
So popular has the trend become, Kim Kardashian's clothing brand SKIMS even sells tops with nipple pad inserts.
There are also suggestions that women are being inspired by Bianca Censori, pictured above in France in February this year. Surgeons said she may have had filler injected into her nipples
Plastic surgeons say celebrities are inspiring women to seek perkier nipples, including Bella Hadid (left) and Emma Corrin. No surgeons suggested that either had used filler to enhance their nipples, but they said the pair could be inspiring the trend
Dr Roy Kim, a plastic surgeon who has a practice in San Francisco, said: 'This is definitely a trend, but I do think it is restricted to younger to middle-aged patients who want to go more braless or not cover their nipples as much,' he said.
It is not clear whether any celebrities have had the procedure, although surgeons say famous people are helping to inspire the trend.
Just this month, both Emma Corrin and Charli XCX wore tops on the red carpet that revealed their nipples.
Doja Cat, Zoe Kravitz, Bianca Censori and Rihanna are also prone to flashing their nipples in see-through clothing.
Dr Rowe said he wouldn't be surprised if some of those celebs had touch-ups to their nipples to keep them firm, adding that all four had 'a lot of projection' at the nipple.
The 'free the nipple' movement started in 2012 by filmmaker Lina Esco, who filmed herself running topless through New York City.
Its aim was to assert gender equality through encouraging women to expose their nipples in the same way that men often do. 
Filler injected into the nipples lasts for six months to two years, depending on the type that is used. 
Kim Kardashian is also sai to be inspiring the trend. Her brand of clothing, SKIMS, sells items with nipple inserts to enhance them
Lauren Sanchez, the girlfriend of Jeff Bezos, is also inspiring women because of her prominent nipples
Plastic surgeons suggested that Doja Cat may have had filler injected into her nipples, saying they appeared perkier than they would normally expect
Other options include surgery to raise the nipple, but surgeons said this tends to be less popular because it can lead to scarring.
It costs up to $5,000 for the procedure, which is considered to be 'generally safe' — although patients may suffer from swelling in the week or two after the injections.
Dr Kim said that up to two thirds of the patients he sees for the procedure have also already received breast augmentations, or 'boob jobs'.
People with inverted nipples — where the tip of the nipple points inward — or nipples that they feel are too long after breastfeeding have also sought the procedure. 
In rare cases, men have also come forward for the procedure — with surgeons saying these men were also seeking 'harder and more protruded' nipples.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group