By 

	J. Kim Murphy


	The Weekend Update desk at “Saturday Night Live” devoted its opening to hocking some loogies at Donald Trump’s picks to lead his presidential administration. That list includes billionaire Elon Musk, the CEO of SpaceX and Tesla, who has been tapped by Trump to lead the newly formed Department of Government Efficiency taskforce, which aims to “dismantle Government Bureaucracy, slash excess regulations, cut wasteful expenditures and restructure Federal Agencies,” per the President-elect.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					How the ‘Sinners’ Financing Model Offers Salvation for All Producers 		
			














	
		
					'The Equalizer' Canceled After Five Seasons at CBS		
			








	Weekend Update anchor Michael Che noted that Musk had shared job listings for the new taskforce, which state employees will be working “80-plus hours per week for no money.”




			Popular on Variety		






	“You can’t be surprised that the white African guy’s first idea is slavery,” Che said. 

	Che’s co-anchor Colin Jost also got a few jabs in, opening the segment with digs at attorney general pick Matt Gaetz, who was once embroiled in a sex trafficking investigation (which led to no charges) and now faces a new accusation of having sex with a minor. Gaetz resigned as a Congress member earlier this week after being tapped to join Trump’s administration.

	“Trump nominated Matt Gaetz for attorney general and Gaetz said the same thing he says when he sees a teenage girl: I’ll do it,” Jost said, getting some groans from the crowd. He continued with, “Gaetz, who was created when Frankenstein raped Dracula, was chosen for attorney general after Trump remembered that his original pick was found in dead a jail cell,” making a reference to the officially ruled suicide of sex criminal and New York financier Jeffrey Epstein.

	“Congratulations to Robert F. Kennedy Jr., who became the first brain worm survivor nominated to a cabinet level position,” Jost said in a later segment. “Kennedy, whose skin is always cooked to a perfect medium rare, will lead the Department of Health and Human Services. I know he doesn’t have a lot of experience, but I say we give him a shot,” he continued, referencing Kennedy’s much-touted skepticism regarding vaccinations.

	Charli XCX pulled double-duty as both host and musical guest for this week’s “Saturday Night Live.”
The Business of Entertainment