Charli xcx is crawling out from under a mountain of underwear to follow up her sixth studio album with a role in Gregg Araki‘s (Kaboom, White Bird in a Blizzard) new thriller I Want Your Sex. The Grammy-nominated and Billboard Music Award-winning pop artist joins Olivia Wilde (Tron: Legacy, Don’t Worry Darling) and Cooper Hoffman (Licorice Pizza, Saturday Night) for the forthcoming thriller coming from Black Bear.
Gregg Araki directs I Want Your Sex, a thriller exploring carnal desires, domination, and fantasy for a boundary-breaking, scantily clad slice of cinema. I Want Your Sex will mark Charli xcx’s second live-action role after starring alongside Dacre Montgomery, Josie Totah, and Barbie Ferreira in the Daniel Goldhaber-directed Faces of Death, a remake of John Alan Schwartz’s splatter horror documentary featuring a collection of death scenes, ranging from TV material to homemade Super 8 movies.
Gregg Araki directs I Want Your Sex from a script he wrote with Karley Sciortino. The film aims to ask the question: How far is too far? “When fresh-faced Elliot (Hoffman) lands an exciting job for renowned artist, icon, and provocateur Erika Tracy (Wilde), his fantasies come true as Erika taps him to become her sexual muse,” Deadline writes. “But Elliot soon finds himself out of his depth as Erika takes him on a journey more profound than he ever could have imagined, into a world of sex, obsession, power, betrayal, and murder.” Production for I Want Your Sex heats up in October in Los Angeles.
After dropping the albums Crash, How I’m Feeling Now, Charli, Sucker, True Romance, and 14, Charli xcx hit fans with 2024’s BRAT. The term BRAT quickly became a viral sensation, working its way into the Gen Alpha lexicon in record time. The term “BRAT” refers to women who unapologetically speak their minds. When Vice President Kamala Harris announced her intention to run against Donald Trump in this year’s election, Charli xcx and others swiftly coined the phrase “Kamala is BRAT,” a reference to the candidate’s “take no sh*t” attitude.
We know little about Gregg Araki’s I Want Your Sex, though it sounds like a steamy, sassy, and potentially orgasmic time at the cinema. Please keep your hands where we can see them, folks.
The Big Lebowski, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, The Sword in the Stone, The Fisher King, Death to Smoochy, The Shining, Planes, Trains, and Automobiles, The Burbs, The Babadook, Summer Wars, The Princess Bride, Mad Max: Fury Road, The Game, In the Mouth of Madness, Who Framed Roger Rabbit?, Monsters Inc., Amelie, The Crow, Fight Club, O Brother, Where Art Thou?
Getting lost in waves of sound while cocooned in a pair of serious headphones, comic book characters, film, and television, a delicious tumbler of whiskey, scientifically-inclined Canadians, wearing pajamas in public, pancakes, bacon, and long walks on the beach
Follow Us

                © 1998 - present JoBlo Media Inc., All Rights Reserved | JoBlo® is a trademark of JoBlo Media Inc.
                JoBlo Media is a wholly owned subsidiary of Janvik Holdings Inc which also includes the JoBlo YouTube Network
                All movie titles, pictures, etc... are registered trademarks and/or copyrights of their respective holders
                Some images sourced from TMDB


Advertising on Our Website
                If you are interested in purchasing video or display ads on our site, we offer advertising services through our ad partner, Freestar.io.
                To get started, reach out to [email protected].