Billie is a Newsweek Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in London who has appeared online, in print and on radio. She has extensively covered pop culture, women's rights and lifestyle topics throughout her career and has interviewed numerous celebrities, including Jude Law, Billy Crystal and country singer Lainey Wilson. Originally from Sydney, Australia, Billie moved to London in 2019. She joined Newsweek in 2023 and has previously written for Stylist, Cosmopolitan, Popsugar, Metro.co.uk, The Mirror and Business Insider, just to name a few. She studied Media (Communications and Journalism) at the University of New South Wales. Languages: English. You can get in touch with Billie by emailing b.schwabdunn@newsweek.com, and on X at @billie_sd.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
A video of Billie Eilish reacting to someone in the audience of her concert has gone viral on TikTok, with fans claiming she looked "concerned."
On Friday, the nine-time Grammy winner brought her Hit Me Hard and Soft Tour to Cincinnati, Ohio, the first time she had ever hosted a show in the city. On the same day, Eilish found out she'd received seven nominations for the 2025 Grammy Awards.
During the concert, the singer took a moment to thank her fans for their support. TikTok user @ilomilo uploaded a video of Eilish addressing the audience on the video-sharing platform, with many commenters noticing the singer's reaction to one fan in the audience. At the time of writing, the clip had been viewed 1.1 million times.
Newsweek emailed a spokesperson for Eilish for comment on Wednesday outside of normal business hours.
"Also I just remembered that I got nominated for seven Grammys today," Eilish said as the crowd erupted into cheers.
"You're such a big part of that and I just—I thank you."
One fan stood out from the crowd when they simply yelled "Ahhhhh" instead of your typical scream, which sounded similar to a siren. The text over the video read: "Her face when that one person just said 'AHHHHHHHHHHH,'" with the caption reading: "Valid response tho [sic]."
TikTok users took to the comments to address Eilish's response to the unusual yelling, with one person writing: "she looked a lil concerned [two crying emojis]."
"i'm crying why is it so prominent out of the crowd screams [crying emoji]," said another.
"She was like 'what the hell [laugh crying emoji],''" someone else wrote.
valid response tho #billieeilish #eilish #billieeilishedits #billie #fyp #billieeilishfan @BILLIE EILISH
Other users pointed out how similar the yell was to the sound of a siren, with a different person commenting: "Omg I was there and I thought that was a siren [crying emoji]."
"OMG I HEARD THAT ALL THE WAY ACROSS THE STADIUM AND I THOUGHT THAT THERE WERE POLICE SIRENS [crying emoji]," someone else explained.
Another person added: "i feel like she thought they were booing."
Eilish started her Hit Me Hard and Soft Tour on September 29, 2024, and it is set to conclude on July 27, 2025. She previously revealed the impressive bruise she received after falling down the stairs at one of her shows at Madison Square Garden.
Taking to her Instagram stories, Eilish reposted a TikTok video that caught her stumbling as she left the stage. In the clip, Eilish can be seen waving to her fans as they cheer her off—but as she runs down the last few steps, she trips and falls.
"Billie falling down the stair at MSG," text over the top of the TikTok video—uploaded by user @billie.on.tour—reads, while the caption said: "Our girl needs a break." At the time of writing, the TikTok video had been viewed more than 635,000 times.
When sharing the video with her 120 million followers, Eilish added a skull emoji. Then, in a follow-up post, the singer showed off the large bruise that formed as a result of the fall. Sharing a photo of the contusion on her thigh, she wrote: "but literally."
Record of the Year
Billie Eilish — "Birds of a Feather"
Album of the Year
Billie Eilish — Hit Me Hard and Soft
Song of the Year
Billie Eilish — "Birds of a Feather"
Best Pop Solo Performance
Billie Eilish — "Birds of a Feather"
Best Pop Vocal Album
Billie Eilish — Hit Me Hard and Soft
Best Dance Pop Recording
Billie Eilish — "L'Amour de Ma Vie [Over Now Extended Edit]"
Best Pop Duo/Group Performance
Charli XCX and Billie Eilish — "Guess" featuring Billie Eilish
The curtain will go up on the 67th annual Grammys on Sunday, February 2, 2025, at the Crypto.com Arena in Los Angeles.
It will be broadcast live on the CBS Television Network and will stream live and on demand on Paramount+.
Billie is a Newsweek Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in London who has appeared online, in print and on radio. She has extensively covered pop culture, women's rights and lifestyle topics throughout her career and has interviewed numerous celebrities, including Jude Law, Billy Crystal and country singer Lainey Wilson. Originally from Sydney, Australia, Billie moved to London in 2019. She joined Newsweek in 2023 and has previously written for Stylist, Cosmopolitan, Popsugar, Metro.co.uk, The Mirror and Business Insider, just to name a few. She studied Media (Communications and Journalism) at the University of New South Wales. Languages: English. You can get in touch with Billie by emailing b.schwabdunn@newsweek.com, and on X at @billie_sd.
Billie is a Newsweek Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in London who has appeared online, in print and on radio. She has extensively covered pop culture, women's rights and lifestyle topics throughout her career and has interviewed numerous celebrities, including Jude Law, Billy Crystal and country singer Lainey Wilson. Originally from Sydney, Australia, Billie moved to London in 2019. She joined Newsweek in 2023 and has previously written for Stylist, Cosmopolitan, Popsugar, Metro.co.uk, The Mirror and Business Insider, just to name a few. She studied Media (Communications and Journalism) at the University of New South Wales. Languages: English. You can get in touch with Billie by emailing b.schwabdunn@newsweek.com, and on X at @billie_sd.
Billie is a Newsweek Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in London who has appeared online, in print and on                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC