Expect Smoke machines, intricate choreography and glam outfits when Troye Sivan arrives in Birmingham as part of his world tour.
He kicked off his 'Something to Give Each Other 2024 Tour' with a bang at the Primavera Sound festival in Barcelona and now he is bringing his electrifying performance to Birmingham's Utilita Arena.
At 29, Sivan has skyrocketed from YouTube sensation and Australian talent show contestant to global pop star. His latest show is a five-part spectacle featuring a full live band, an army of backing dancers, elaborate lighting, and multiple costume changes.
In what will be his last UK performance, Sivan is set to perform hits from his third album, including the Grammy-nominated track 'Rush'.
See below for everything you need to know ahead of Friday.
Sivan will be perfoming at the Utilita Arena for one night only on Friday, June 28. The concert is set to start at 7pm and ends at 11.30pm. This performance marks the end of his UK tour before he heads to Detroit, Michigan, to kick off the North America and Canada leg.
Good news! If you haven't snagged tickets yet, some standing and seated spots are still available on Ticketmaster, here.
London-based DJ and drag queen Jodie Harsh will open the show, energising the audience with a mix of house, disco, and pop beats before Sivan takes the stage.
Based on previous shows, here’s what you might hear in Birmingham (subject to change):
1. “Got Me Started”
2. “What’s The Time Where You Are?”
3. “My My My!”
4. “In My Room” (Live Debut)
5. “Dance To This”
6. “Supernatural” (Ariana Grande & Troye Sivan Cover)
7. “Bloom”
8. “Still Got It”
9. “Can’t Go Back, Baby”
10. “Could Cry Just Thinkin About You”
11. “Heaven”
12. “One Of Your Girls”
13. “Silly”
14. “You” (Regard, Troye Sivan & Tate McRae Cover) (KC Lights Remix)
15. “STUD”
16. “1999” (Charli XCX Cover)
17. “Honey”
18. “Rush”
To speed up entry, avoid bringing a bag. If necessary, bags must be smaller than A4 size (21cm x 30cm x 19cm) and have no more than two compartments. Rucksacks are not allowed.
Located in the heart of Birmingham's city centre, the Utilita Arena is easily accessible via car and public transport:
On-site parking is available in the North, South, and West car parks (the West car park is for pre-booked and hospitality customers only).
Pre-booked parking costing £17.50, with parking available from 5:50pm to one hour after the show ends. It's advisable to book a spot in advance, here.
Be aware that Utilita Arena Birmingham is within Birmingham's Clean Air Zone. Daily charges apply to vehicles that do not meet the zone's criteria.. Check if your car is Clean Air Zone compliant before coming.
Get the latest gig news in our City Life newsletter.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.