Maya Jama has sent fans wild with her hottest photo yet as she teased “something exciting coming soon”.
The 29-year-old Love Island host struck a sultry pose in a figure-hugging champagne coloured dress that was strapless and cinched her in at the waist. In what looked to be an upcoming fashion campaign – or maybe a new TV show – Maya shook her hair from side to side in a short clip she also uploaded to Instagram.
Whatever it is Maya has got up her sleeve, fans are here for it with one writing: “Yes girl! Just keep slaying!!!”followed by flame emojis. “Wow what a beauty,” said another. A third joked: “A bombshell has entered the villa!” A fourth posted: “It’s giving what waist!” While a fifth added: “The gift that keeps on giving x.” It comes days after Maya wowed vans with her new longer hairstyle with a full fringe.
The TV presenter also shared a clip of Cilla Le Pom, the dog owned by celebrity hairdresser Patrick Wilson, hinting that he may have been the mastermind behind her fabulous new look, which was formerly styled in a long bob. Patrick has also worked his magic on other celebs like Bridgerton's Nicola Coughlan and Charithra Chandran, Charli XCX, and Emily Ratajkowski.
While fans wait to hear what Maya, who is in a relationship with rapper Stormzy, gets up to next, the Mirror exclusively revealed this week that there’s a big a shake-up coming to Love Island when it celebrates its 10th anniversary next year. With 2025 marking 10 years since the ITV dating show launched, producers are said to be prepared to quadruple their weekly budget to secure a new setting.
One property “shaped like a UFO ” in Portugal’s picturesque Algarve has emerged as an early front-runner. A team from ITV Studios is being sent to view it later this month. Demands from bosses include 65 metres of wardrobe space and trademark features such as a huge terrace garden and swimming pool, plus a separate hideaway area.
A source said: “ITV Studios are scouting out properties for an unconfirmed forthcoming series and are prepared to splash out £20k a week on the right one. They’ve got their eye on an incredible sprawling villa in the Algarve that is completely different to their more traditional current abode. It’s circular and really modern, and it’s been used for a French reality show before so it’s well set up for filming.”
Love Island will return to ITV2 this summer in its current villa, Sa Vinyassa, on the outskirts of Cala d’Or on the Balearic island – which costs just £5,000 a week to rent. The original in Ses Salines, one hour to the east, sold in 2022 for £2.57million. All Stars and Winter Love Island are filmed at a sprawling £9,000-a-night mansion in the winelands outside Cape Town, South Africa.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok , Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads
Do you have a story to sell? Get in touch with us at webcelebs@trinitymirror.com or call us direct 0207 29 33033
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.