Quite possibly her most naked look of all time 
Whoever said it girls were over clearly hasn't heard about Addison Rae. 
Swiftly changing from TikTok teen to avant pop girly, her transformation is one for the history books. Now she's signed to Columbia Records (*stream 'Diet Pepsi'!!*), hanging with all our fave models and partying in true Brat summer style.
There's also the fact that the singer, model, dancer, TikTok sensation and, seemingly, Charli XCX's BFF, has us perennially gagged with her killer style. Whether it's Madonna cosplay (not once, but twice) in a Jean Paul Gaultier-style cone bra, rocking a corset Roberto Cavalli naked dress, dancing on a car in a bejewelled bra or styling out the no-trousers trend with a sheer bodysuit, we are seriously obsessed.  
She's giving editorial, chic, elevated...you know the vibes. So much so that she's becoming a fave among high fashion magazine editors, recently gracing the summer issue of Interview Magazine in a topless photo shoot.
Now, she's stepped things up with a simply *unreal* cover shoot with Perfect Magazine. In this nearly-naked cover shot, Ms Addison is captured kneeling for the camera wearing a truly unusual 'bikini': a strategic spray tan, leaving her with dramatic bikini lines.
Almost naked in the shot, she's wearing a pair of makeshift pastel pink bikini bottoms, no top or bra and a jumper tied around her shoulders. 
Accessorising this barely-there look? A pair of white trainers, a black Coach handbag with a pretzel (?!) attached, and the cover line "Addison Rae is Full-Hot". 
We think that says it all...
Megan Wallace (they/them) is Cosmopolitan UK’s Former Sex and Relationships Editor covering sexual pleasure, sex toys, LGBTQIA+ identity, dating and romance. They have covered sexuality and relationships for over five years and are the founder of the PULP zine, which publishes essays on culture and sex. In their spare time, they can be found exploring the London kink scene and planning dates on Feeld. 
Kim K's nude bodysuit is *gravity-defying*
Julia Fox’s frilly knickers have bum-crack cut-out
The most revealing Met Gala naked dresses *ever*
Rosie Huntington-Whiteley is selling her wardrobe
Flo Pugh's sheer strapless gown = style switch-up
Sydney Sweeney's tiny ruffle nude corset dress =🔥
Blake Lively's corset gown = Old Hollywood glamour
Shopping Sydney Sweeney’s stripe bikini & trousers
Flo Pugh's black lace ballgown is *SO* see-through
A deep dive into Lola Young's style transformation
Shop Olivia Rodrigo's stunning Rixo dress
Maya serves sexy underboob in bikini beach snaps
Cosmopolitan, Part of the Hearst UK Fashion & Beauty Network
Cosmopolitan participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England 112955. All Rights Reserved.