Sparkly, beaded Taylor Swift bracelets are hanging off some wrists at the Democratic National Convention, but not because the pop star has made an appearance. Many Kamala Harris supporters really wish she would.
A 65-year-old delegate from Mississippi made and handed out the bracelets, demonstrating Swift's singularly broad appeal from young teens to the boomer generation. It's that broadness that could, some believe, make an endorsement of Harris a big deal, both in terms of mobilizing voters and energizing an already buzzing campaign.
Though the Harris campaign is leaning into memes and social media culture to appeal to Gen Z voters, it has been careful about relying too heavily on star power. As Hollywood rallies behind the Vice President, she seems aware of the potentially adverse impact of leaning too far into the world of celebrities and its associated elitism according to Bruce Pinkleton, the dean of the college of communication at Washington State University.
"It seems to me that her campaign is wishing to avoid a string of high profile celebrity endorsements. There's obviously been some involvement, but that sense of elite celebrity leftist is potentially harmful," he told Business Insider, noting that his opinion was not based on specific research. Independent and moderate voters might resent high-profile stars trying to dictate their behavior, he said.
Swift, however, is an exception.
For starters, she has a demonstrated ability to mobilize significant numbers of voters. Though she once prided herself on her nonpartisanship, Swift waltzed into the political arena in 2018, when she endorsed two Democratic candidates for Senate. Her social media post announcing the endorsement blew up and generated a spike in voter registration. In the 36 hours after she declared her support on Instagram, an impressive 2,1444 people registered to vote in Tennessee.
In 2020, Swift criticized Trump and endorsed the Biden-Harris ticket, marking her announcement with a picture holding a plate full of campaign-themed cookies. Though she's remained quiet this election cycle, Democrats are already speculating about what a Swift endorsement for Harris could mean.
Tony Goldwyn, one of the hosts at the DNC, said that it could be "significant" in an election this close. Some aren't even waiting for a potential announcement to start organizing, as a "Swifties for Kamala" group already boasts more than 60,000 members and is organizing a fundraising call on August 27. Many diehards delighted in the fact that Gov. Tim Walz, Harris' running mate, is a self-identified fan.
There is evidence that celebrity endorsements are meaningful when they seem authentic, but that they run the risk of going too far, the Hollywood Reporter reported. Mark Harvey, a professor at the University Saint Mary, told the outlet that Harris' campaign is embracing the "Charli XCX strategy," whereby it lets celebrities come out with independent endorsements rather than engineer partnerships. Her team has hired a social impact firm to help celebrities figure out how they can be helpful and tactful with their support. Neither the Harris campaign nor Taylor Swift's representatives responded to Business Insider's request for comment.
Pinkleton said that Swift has hit the "sweet spot" in her ability to genuinely connect with a wide array of Americans.
"You have a hard time thinking of anyone else who occupies the same position — perhaps Beyonce — but there are very few people who seem to command the sort of attention that she generates," he said. "My presumption is that, especially with the ubiquitous nature of social media and such, she would have a very large, ready, and willing audience, and a lot of people of voting age who would be interested in supporting her recommendation."
Swift's stamp of approval for Harris could generate new buzz at a moment when the campaign needs to keep up the energy post-convention. She could help cement Harris' connection with younger voters, which itself sharply contrasts Biden's inability to capture Gen Z affections.
The important question is whether support from Swift would translate into voting behavior, Pinkleton said. If the conditions are right, though, and Swift mobilizes voters in swing states, she could conceivably impact the outcome of a race with razor-thin margins.
"A positive attitude, good vibes, that kind of thing is great," he said. "But unless it translates to voting behavior, it does a political candidate no good whatsoever."
Jump to