Finneas is standing up for his sister, Billie Eilish, following accusations that have stirred up quite a bit of controversy online. On Thursday (August 1), Billie, who is 22, and Charli XCX dropped a remix of Charli’s song “Guess,” and it didn’t take long for the music video to spark some heated debates. In the visual, Billie and Charli, 32, are seen playfully rolling around in piles of underwear—a bold and provocative image that caught plenty of attention.
Not everyone was thrilled with the collaboration, though. One TikToker took issue with Billie’s lyrics in the song, accusing her of being “highkey predatory” towards Charli. The lines in question? “Charli likes boys, but she knows I’d hit it / Charli, call me if you’re with it.” The TikToker went on to suggest that Billie was engaging in “queerbaiting” and “reducing girls to mere objects, all in an effort to convince the masses that she’s actually into them.”
These accusations didn’t sit well with Billie’s older brother, Finneas, who wasn’t about to let the criticism slide without responding. At 27, Finneas has always been a protective presence in Billie’s life, often speaking out when he feels she’s being unfairly targeted. After seeing the backlash, he took to the comments section to defend his sister.
“What a take you little clown,” Finneas shot back, according to Billboard. His words were direct, showing no patience for what he saw as a baseless attack on Billie. He continued, “I got to watch the entire internet slam my sister for queer-baiting for an entire year when in reality, you were all forcing her to label and out herself.”
Finneas’s comment touches on a broader issue that Billie has faced throughout her career. As one of the most prominent young artists in the world, Billie has often been the subject of intense scrutiny. Over the past year, there have been numerous discussions and debates about her sexuality, with many people trying to define or label her based on her public persona and artistic choices. The constant speculation has, at times, placed Billie in uncomfortable positions, forcing her to address personal matters that she might have preferred to keep private.
The collaboration between Billie and Charli XCX, despite the backlash from some corners of the internet, has been celebrated by many fans for its boldness and the chemistry between the two artists. The music video, with its playful and provocative imagery, is reflective of both Billie’s and Charli’s fearless approach to their art. They are known for pushing boundaries and challenging norms, which often invites both praise and criticism.
By: Michelle |
August 5, 2024

in ENTERTAINMENT, Featured Post, LIFESTYLE, MUSIC  
Popstar! Magazine brings you the latest in celebrity, entertainment and lifestyle news from around the world. Now in our 21st year, we continue to set the standard in the ever evolving field of millennial entertainment. We pride ourselves on being your number one source for accurate information about the topics you care about, including entertainment, beauty, fashion, health, wellbeing and news. Popstar! provides high quality videos for you to binge watch and we now offer a completely free digital bonus magazine that goes in depth to provide exclusive celebrity stories that you won’t find anywhere else. Popstar’s radio station provides you with tomorrow’s pop, rock and hip-hop hits, today. Streaming music and talk radio 24/7!
Connect with Popstar! on social media to stay up to date with all of the latest news and share your feedback. We would love to hear from you!