Just two weeks ago Donald Trump’s defiant fist-pump as he survived an assassin’s ­bullet looked to have killed Democrat hopes of the White House.
But if a week in politics is a long time, a fortnight is an eternity. And now, with Joe Biden standing down and Barack Obama backing Vice President Kamala Harris for the nomination, it seems America’s liberals might get their upbeat ­Hollywood ending after all.
Some of the planet’s biggest A-listers – from Beyonce and George Clooney to Cher and Katy Perry – are determined to push the left’s new leading lady to a blockbuster victory. Polls suggest she’s gone from underdog to evenly poised...and Hollywood is just getting started.
Happy to put its money where its mouth is, up to $100million (£78mil-lion) has already flooded in from Tinseltown to campaign coffers. Tens of millions more are expected from a mooted celebrity fundraiser.
Clooney, whose withering verdict on failing Biden helped end his candidacy, is rumoured to be considering a gala for Kamala next month. CNN’s Elizabeth Wagmeister says: “This is Hollywood’s biggest political moment since Obama.
If celebrity endorsements were a gauge to victory, Harris would win in a landslide. Trump has never been well-liked in Hollywood.” But will A-list support be enough? Wagmeister says: “Perhaps the most important voters to target are young Americans. Biden struggled to gain Gen Z support but Harris has the attention of the TikTok generation.
“Singer Charli XCX’s ‘Kamala IS brat’ tweet propelled the Vice President into the internet stratosphere.” Beyonce is yet to publicly ­comment but has allowed Harris to use her music. The 59-year-old walked into her first official visit to ­campaign headquarters on Monday with Bey’s Freedom playing.
Sources have confirmed the pop queen, who sang at Obama’s inauguration, has approved that tune for use throughout Harris’ campaign. Barbra Streisand has urged fans to back Harris after the Republican-dominated Supreme Court overturned the 1973 Roe v Wade ruling, leading to bans on abortion.
She said: “She will continue Joe Biden’s work. They are fighting for reproductive rights while Republicans are stripping them.” Rapper Cardi B has urged her 167 million Instagram followers to back Harris and supermodel Christie Brinkley has made her stance clear: “Sometimes the best man for the job is a woman.” Jamie Lee Curtis said Harris was “a fierce advocate for women’s rights and people of colour with a message of hope and unity.”
Cher tweeted that Democrats are on course for another win and director, actor and producer Spike Lee told fans: “Once again a sista comes to da rescue.” Star Wars’ Luke Skywalker, Mark Hamill, wrote: “I offer my full support” and Star Trek’s George Takei called for people to “unite behind Harris”.
Eva Longoria, Jennifer Lopez, Katy Perry, Ariana Grande, Olivia Rodrigo, Demi Lovato and Lil Nas X, all gave their support. But will all this star power be enough? Ex-California Assembly member Mary Chung Hayashi says: “Celebrity endorsements can provide momentum but they are no guarantee of success.”
So what’s it to be? Kamala’s Happy Ever After or Trump’s Rocky Horror Picture Show? Maybe it’s all down to the stars.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.