According to Emily Ratajkowski herself, she is “famously not demure, famously not mindful”, but the star was reminded of this during a dog walk when a man took it upon himself to yell, “Put a shirt on!” in her direction. Spoiler alert: she was wearing a shirt. Though EmRata has been a key proponent of the naked dressing trend, we have not reached the stage of literal undress where topless dog walks are the norm.
Ratajkowski, who has authored a book on what it means to be a woman and a commodity, is familiar with her body being objectified. No one needs a recap of the “Blurred Lines” era or a reminder of the photographer who published nude Polaroids of her for profit, but it is worth noting that, because she has come to view her body as a “tool to make a living”, Emily now believes: “I don’t even really recognise my body as me.”
EmRata doing her usual Manhattan stroll wearing her usual dog walking garb.
Still, not having the freedom to pick up dog poo in a vest and sweats without being catcalled is a new low for a society that has to comment on everything. EmRata shook it off by overlaying her TikTok clip of the exact moment with Charli XCX’s “365”, which is basically the two-fingers up anthem of summer and, like EmRata herself, the opposite of demure.
Like all internet trends, “demure” was over before it began, but we’re pleased EmRata was able to use creator Jools Lebron’s mindful lexicon to highlight the gross situation she faced on an average mid-week morning. Whether she’s able to disassociate from her body or not, the model deserves to wear what she wants when she wants. It is not, actually, a total stranger’s prerogative to tell her otherwise.
Everything You Need To Know About The Met Gala 2025
Join The Vogue Newsletter For The Latest Fashion, Beauty And Street Style Trends Straight To Your Inbox
Read Billie Eilish’s May 2025 Cover Interview In Full
The Key Spring/Summer 2025 Trends To Know Now
Join British Vogue’s Met Gala Community Ahead Of Fashion’s Biggest Night. This link redirects to a third-party website.
More from Vogue
Condé Nast Britain
© 2025 Condé Nast