Celebrities weighed in on the 2024 presidential race in a variety of ways, with some of the biggest names in sports and Hollywood hoping their backing could move the needle—here’s how they’ve reacted since Donald Trump won the election.
Charles Barkley on April 6, 2024 in Glendale, Arizona. 
Actor Denzel Washington said in an interview with The Sunday Times that voters are "slaves to information" and are "being manipulated on both sides" of the aisle.
Basketball analyst and former player Charles Barkley, who said he identifies as an independent but voted for Kamala Harris, told Democrats to "shut the f**k up” on his podcast: “When you win, you get to say what you want to. When you lose you need to shut the hell up,” he said.
Sylvester Stallone introduced Trump onstage at a post-election event at Mar-a-Lago where he called him a "mythical character" and said he was "in awe" of the president-elect: “When George Washington defended his country, he had no idea that he was going to change the world,” Stallone said. “Guess what? We got the second George Washington.”
“Snow White” actress Rachel Zegler issued a public apology after former Fox News host Megyn Kelly demanded she be fired from Disney for her anti-Trump comments, which included “F**k Donald Trump” and “May Trump supporters … and Trump himself never know peace.”
Dick Van Dyke, 98, said he feel fortunate he "won’t be around to experience the four years" of Trump's second term.
Model Hailey Bieber re-shared a post that read, "Supporting a convicted felon over a woman is f**king insane" and captioned it with "That's really all there is to say."
Comedian Russell Brand posted to Instagram to celebrate Trump’s victory by holding up a red cap reading, “Make Jesus First Again,” and actress Nicole Scherzinger commented, “Where can I get this hat!?”
Olympian and former reality TV star Caitlyn Jenner posted a photo alongside Trump and Elon Musk the day after the election with the caption, "These two men will single-handedly save western civilization and that starts with a strong United States of America." She has also posted in recent days about how a Trump presidency will "restore Pro America values in every part of the education system" and "there will be no transgender or sexual insanity being indoctrinated into the minds of our innocent, beautiful American children."
Actress Roseanne Barr, a Trump supporter, has posted or retweeted dozens of comments about the election result since Tuesday night, including responding to one message suggesting she be nominated as press secretary: "Ok, I will do it @realDonaldTrump," she said.
Billie Eilish, who vocally supported Vice President Kamala Harris, called Trump’s victory “a war on women” on Instagram. At a concert in Nashville Wednesday night, she said “someone who hates women so, so deeply is about to be the president.”
NASCAR star Danica Patrick, who endorsed Trump ahead of voting for president for the first time, has been active on X since his victory, saying "public schools will be safe again soon for kids" and "the people have spoken."
Actress Lili Reinhart spoke about claims of sexual assault against Trump and said her heart "absolutely breaks" for women who saw "millions of people vote for their abuser."
Trump was found liable for the sexual abuse of writer E. Jean Carroll in 2023, and she posted a five-word response to the election result: "I tried to tell you."
Star Wars actor Mark Hamill posted: “They say we get the leaders we deserve. Either that has just been disproven, or this is not the America we all thought we were living in.”
Youtuber and boxer Jake Paul, who posted a lengthy video in support of Trump ahead of the election, called the result "a massive step in the right direction to heal the major issues going on in the world currently. America is saved."
Trump supporter Hulk Hogan called for unity in his post-election message, saying, “This election season showed just how much we all care about where this country’s headed."
Brittany Aldean, who has been vocal in her support of Trump alongside husband Jason Aldean, posted a photo tuning in to Fox News on Wednesday and writing, "Feels like Christmas Morning."
Actor Kevin Sorbo wrote on X, formerly known as Twitter: "Christ is king. Trump is president. Goodnight."
NBA star LeBron James, who called Harris the “clear choice” for president, posted a photo with his daughter with a promise to “protect you.”
Actor John Cusack wrote: “The fact that the country would choose to destroy itself by voting in a convicted felon rapist and Nazi is a sign of deep nihilism. To put it mildly.”
Actresses Hilary Duff and Jessica Alba, as well as model Kendall Jenner, reposted a message calling women the "heartbeat of progress" and adding, "You are seen, valued, and unstoppable. Your strength and prowess are changing the word."
Whoopi Goldberg refused to say Trump's name while on “The View” early Wednesday while co-hosts Sunny Hostin and Joy Behar, respectively, said they were “profoundly disturbed” and “vehemently disagree with the decision that Americans made.”
Singer and actress Ariana Grande posted she is “holding the hand of every person who is feeling the immeasurable heaviness of this outcome today.”
50 Cent, who didn't clearly endorse any candidate ahead of the election but did say he turned down millions of dollars to perform at Trump's Madison Square Garden rally and the Republican National Convention, posted photos of himself with Trump on Instagram with the caption, "I don’t care how the fight goes, I’m leaving with the winner shit. I still don’t know what’s going on 🤦."
Actor Kevin McHale posted of the Trump victory: “Supreme Court gone for the rest of my lifetime. Ultra-conservative evangelical bigotry, xenophobia, racism is the mandate.”
Joe Rogan, who hosted Trump on his successful podcast and endorsed him the day before the election, posted a video of himself watching Trump's victory announced on Fox News with the caption "WHOLE. LEE. SHIT."
Dana White, CEO of the Ultimate Fighting Championship who appeared at the Republican National Convention to endorse Trump, spoke at Trump’s victory rally on Wednesday and thanked "the mighty and powerful" Rogan for his support.
Barstool Sports founder Dave Portnoy, a Trump supporter, said the Harris campaign's "pure arrogance and their moral superiority" drove voters away and that Democrats spent the campaign "acting like you're better than us, smarter than us, and, frankly, insulting our intelligence."
"The Daily Show" host Jon Stewart told viewers on election night that Harris supporters "have to continue to fight and continue to work day in and day out to create the better society for our children, for this world, for this country that we know is possible."
Jamie Lee Curtis encouraged Harris supporters to continue to "fight against tyranny, one day at a time" and said Trump's victory means a "sure return to a more restrictive, some fear draconian time."
Actress Christina Applegate posted her confusion about the results and said "My child is sobbing because her rights as a woman may be taken away."
Actress Yvette Nicole Brown said "America is done. But they got their orange king."
Bette Midler on Wednesday posted a photo threatening to drink a bottle of Drano, a toxic household cleaning chemical, if Trump won and after the results were revealed shared a quote about the presidency being won by men who are "intrinsically, the most devious and mediocre” before deactivating her X account.
Rapper Cardi B, who campaigned for Harris, said she felt "really sad" after Trump's win and, in an Instagram live, said to those who voted for Trump “I swear to god, I’m gonna f**k you up. Get away from me! I’m sick of you!”
Piers Morgan, who supported Trump during much of his first presidency and later said he regretted his strong adoration, early Wednesday congratulated Trump and said the win is “a testament to your resilience, mental strength & never-give-up mentality as your enemies tried to kill you, jail you & brand you the new Hitler.”
Adam McKay, director of political satire "Don't Look Up," expressed frustration said it was time to "abandon" the Democratic party: “Who would have guessed lying about Biden’s cognitive health for 2 yrs, refusing to do an open convention for a new nominee, never mentioning public healthcare & embracing fracking, the Cheneys & a yr long slaughter of children in Gaza wouldn’t be a winning strategy?”
Actor Zachary Levi, who supported Trump, said he was "incredibly grateful" to all Republican voters who "saw thru all the noise."
Billionaires who supported either presidential candidate have also spoken out about the results.
Get Forbes Breaking News Text Alerts: We’re launching text message alerts so you'll always know the biggest stories shaping the day’s headlines. Text “Alerts” to (201) 335-0739 or sign up here: joinsubtext.com/forbes.
If the A-List stars who said they’d leave the country in the case of a Trump victory really do move abroad. Legendary musician Cher last year said she would leave the United States if Trump won a second term, adding she "almost got an ulcer" the first time he was in office. Broadway legend Barbra Streisand said on "The Late Show with Stephen Colbert" that she "can't live in" America in a second Trump term, and said she was eyeing England as a potential new home. Actress Sharon Stone said she was considering a "house in Italy" if Trump won.
Billionaire pop star Taylor Swift endorsed Kamala Harris in an Instagram post minutes after a debate between Harris and Trump wrapped up. She was joined by musicians Lady Gaga, will.i.am, Mick Jagger, Christina Aguilera, Katy Perry, Rihanna, Jennifer Lopez, Madonna, Cardi B, Don Omar, Gracie Abrams, Demi Lovato, Mumford & Sons, Bad Bunny, Ricky Martin, Eminem, James Taylor, Stevie Nicks, Willie Nelson, Brittney Spencer, Margo Price, Cher, hip-hop duo Insane Clown Posse, Marc Anthony, Lizzo, Usher, Olivia Rodrigo, John Legend, Cardi B, Kesha, Billie Eilish and her brother Finneas, Chappell Roan, Bruce Springsteen and Neil Young, along with Beyoncé’s mom Tina Knowles. Beyoncé, whose song "Freedom" was used by the Harris campaign throughout the election, joined the Democratic candidate at a Houston rally Oct. 25—as did former bandmate Kelly Rowland and actress Jessica Alba. Artist Charli XCX had not made outright endorsements but signaled support.
A litany of actors also offered support, including Viola Davis, Chloë Grace Moretz, Dick Van Dyke, Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Harrison Ford, Will Ferrell and Billy Eichner, Octavia Spencer, Julia Roberts, Leonardo DiCaprio , Sarah Jessica Parker, Whoopi Goldberg, George Clooney, Barbra Streisand, Rosie O’Donnell, Jamie Lee Curtis, Cynthia Nixon, Mindy Kaling, Tony Goldwyn, Kerry Washington, Nick Offerman, Jane Fonda, Ben Stiller, Kathy Griffin, John Stamos, Ed Helms, Tiffany Haddish, Ike Barinholtz, Matt Damon, Lin-Manuel Miranda, Aubrey Plaza, Jennifer Aniston, Mel Brooks, Lynda Carter, LeVar Burton, Anthony Rapp, Misha Collins, Mark Hamill, Robert De Niro, Jennifer Lawrence, Fran Drescher, Bryan Cranston and Anne Hathaway. “Avengers” cast members Scarlett Johansson, Robert Downey Jr., Chris Evans, Mark Ruffalo, Don Cheadle, Danai Gurira and Paul Bettany teamed up for a video endorsement of Harris. Directors Ken Burns and Spike Lee, “West Wing” creator Aaron Sorkin and TV show host and producer Andy Cohen also said they support Harris. Comedian and host of “Last Week Tonight” John Oliver passionately urged voters to support Harris in his last episode of the weekly show before the election.
Former President Barack Obama and his wife Michelle and former President Bill Clinton and his wife, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, also threw their support behind Harris. Former President Jimmy Carter, now 100, reportedly told his son he was trying to make it to the milestone birthday (which he did) so he could cast his vote for Kamala Harris. Barbara Pierce Bush, the daughter and granddaughter of former Republican presidents George W. Bush and George H.W. Bush, respectively, campaigned in Pennsylvania for Harris. Monica Lewinsky, the former White House intern turned activist, called on voters to “PLEASE VOTE ... preferably like I did for Harris/Walz.” Body builder, actor, billionaire and former Republican governor of California Arnold Schwarzenegger endorsed Harris in a social media post.
Billionaires Oprah Winfrey, Mark Cuban and Bill Gates supported the Harris/Walz ticket, and other billionaire supporters of Harris include Laurene Powell Jobs, Arthur Blank, Michael Bloomberg, John Pritzker, Sheryl Sandberg, Eric Schmidt, Steven Spielberg, John Fish, Reed Hastings, Theodore Leonsis, Christy Walton, Elaine Wynn, Melinda French Gates and Sean Parker.
Others who said they’ll vote for Harris include Republican political commentator Ana Navarro, Vogue editor-in-chief Anna Wintour, fashion designer billionaire Tory Burch, Martha Stewart, scientist Bill Nye, former Fox News personality Geraldo Rivera and former member of the Trump administration and “The Apprentice” contestant Omarosa Manigault Newman.
UFC President and personality Dana White endorsed Trump on stage at the Republican National Convention. Actors Mel Gibson, Dennis Quaid, Jon Voight, Rosanne Barr and Zachary Levi have all expressed support.
Musicians Kid Rock, Amber Rose, Chris Janson, Jason Aldean and Azealia Banks supported Trump.
Other supporters included Joe Rogan, Barstool Sports founder Dave Portnoy, Joe Germanotta, a New York City restaurant owner and father of pop star Lady Gaga, Dave Ramsey, Dr. Phil McGraw, astronaut Buzz Aldrin, YouTuber and boxer Jake Paul and Randi Mahomes, Kansas City Chiefs quarterback Patrick Mahomes' mother.
Public-facing billionaires like Elon Musk and Steve Wynn also supported the former president, and his donors include billionaires Bill Ackman, Marc Andreesen, Dan Snyder, Linda McMahon, Diane Hendricks, Miriam Adelson, Kelcy Warren, Timothy Dunn, Elizabeth and Richard Uihlein, Phil Ruffin, Jeff Sprecher and Kelly Loeffler, Jimmy John Liautaud, Geoffrey Palmer, Bernard Marcus, Robert “Woody” Johnson, Kenny Troutt, George Bishop, J. Joe Ricketts, Andrew Beal, Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss, Don Ahern, Roger Penske, Richard Kurtz, Antonio Gracias and Douglas Leone.
Trump thanked Brittany Mahomes, wife of NFL superstar Patrick Mahomes, for her "defending him" after she lashed out at social media users who criticized her for liking several pro-Trump posts last month (Mahomes has not formally endorsed a candidate).
San Francisco 49ers defensive lineman Nick Bosa, Kansas City Chiefs kicker Harrison Butker, former pro wrestler Hulk Hogan, boxing legend Mike Tyson, former New York Giants players Lawrence Taylor and Ottis “O.J.” Anderson, former quarterback Brett Farve, boxing promoter Don King and former NASCAR star racer Danica Patrick all supported Trump. Former Pittsburgh Steelers players Le'Veon Bell, Antonio Brown and Mike Wallace appeared alongside him at a rally in Latrobe, Pennsylvania.
Golden State Warriors head coach Steve Kerr endorsed Harris at the Democratic National Convention and the Warriors star Steph Curry said she was the “easy choice.” LeBron James also endorsed Harris. A campaign effort called Athletes for Harris launched in September with the endorsement of 15 Pro Football Hall of Famers and co-chairs of Athletes for Harris include former NBA star and billionaire Magic Johnson, Eagles defensive tackle Thomas Booker, women’s basketball legend Dawn Staley, tennis legend Billie Jean King, retired soccer player Ali Krieger, Milwaukee Bucks head coach Doc Rivers and NBA point guard Chris "CP3" Paul. The Seattle Storm WNBA team also endorsed Harris, as did former Steelers Jerome Bettis and "Mean" Joe Greene, as well as the son of Franco Harris, endorsed Harris for president.
Former KKK Leader David Duke said on his radio show that he was endorsing Jill Stein, the Green Party candidate, for president. He called her the "only candidate who speaks clearly against the war in the Middle East." Stein said she rejected the endorsement, calling Duke a "racist troll" and "white supremacist.” Duke endorsed Trump for president in 2020 and 2016.
One Community. Many Voices. Create a free account to share your thoughts. 
Our community is about connecting people through open and thoughtful conversations. We want our readers to share their views and exchange ideas and facts in a safe space.
In order to do so, please follow the posting rules in our site's Terms of Service.  We've summarized some of those key rules below. Simply put, keep it civil.
Your post will be rejected if we notice that it seems to contain:
User accounts will be blocked if we notice or believe that users are engaged in:
So, how can you be a power user?
Thanks for reading our community guidelines.  Please read the full list of posting rules found in our site's Terms of Service.