Since 2024 was the year of the pop girlie, it probably won’t surprise you to know that some of Entertainment Weekly‘s Entertainers of the Year are Chappell Roan, Sabrina Carpenter and Charli XCX.
Sabrina’s Girl Meets World co-star Danielle Fishel paid tribute to her for EW, writing, “Sabrina has prepared for this moment her entire life and nothing was going to stop her. People have tried, and I feel bad for them. She’s a 5-foot force of nature. A petite superstar with a massive voice. A little icon with the biggest heart. The real human being behind the facade of America’s sweetheart baddie is my most kind, genuine, hilarious, loving friend.”
Reneé Rapp wrote about Charli for EW, noting, “She is relentless and fierce and fiercely confident in who she is — and it makes you fall in love with her music. Anything she does is inherently artistic, down to what she wears … she’s also the sweetest thing ever and unrealistically beautiful — she’s so hot, it’s a little bit scary.”  Reneé adds, “I could write a novel about all the reasons I think she’s amazing and why she’s the face of pop culture and is tearing b****** apart.”
Sir Elton John praised Chappell for EW, writing, “It’s not every day that you encounter an artist who possesses the rare combination of raw talent, fearless creativity, and an unwavering dedication. … Her ability to blend vulnerability with empowerment in her songwriting is nothing short of extraordinary.” He concludes. “Chappell Roan is not just an artist for today, she is a voice for the future.”
Others on the list include Selena Gomez and Beyoncé.
Copyright © 2024, ABC Audio. All rights reserved.
Sign up to receive KS95 news, updates, and contests in your inbox.
Need help accessing the FCC Public File due to a disability? Please contact Ross Brendell at publicfilemsp@hubbardradio.com or (651) 632-6675.
This web site is not intended for users located within the European Economic Area.

YouTube Terms of Service |
        Google Privacy Policy |
        Google Terms of Service 

© 2025 KSTP-FM, LLC