Say 'Hi Barbie!' to the Barbie Flip Phone

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Update (29/08): We've updated this article with the confirmed hardware differences between the Barbie Flip Phone in the UK and US.
Nokia manufacturer Human Mobile Devices (HMD) has announced that the long-awaited Barbie Flip Phone is available in the UK from today, August 28.
According to The Verge, US customers will be able to pre-order the phone from September 23, with the first units shipping on October 1, while we can confirm that Barbie fans in Australia can pre-order it from September 5.
The global model of the new feature phone sports a 2.8-inch inner screen, a 0.3MP camera with flash, and a 1.77-inch clock display on the mirrored outer surface.
Priced at $129 / £99 / AU$199, the special-edition phone comes with a whole load of accessories to help you live your best Barbie life. These include a jewelry box, two swappable front covers, a lanyard with charms, a sheet of stickers, and a cleaning cloth. Nearly everything is, of course, in a fabulous shade of pink.
The Barbie Phone comes loaded with other iconic features like glow-in-the-dark buttons, a special beach-themed Malibu edition of Snake, and some secret software easter eggs. It even says “Hi Barbie!” when you boot it up. If that doesn’t make you feel like Barbie, we don’t know what will.
However, those looking to share their Kenergy with friends should keep in mind that HMD’s feature phones really do focus on calling and texting rather than social media.
Sign up for breaking news, reviews, opinion, top tech deals, and more.
The global model of Barbie Flip Phone appears to be a special take on HMD’s Nokia 2660 Flip, with the US model more closely following the 2780 Flip. Both models have limited access to social media and other apps – there’s no Instagram, TikTok, or X (formerly Twitter). 
Additionally, those looking to enjoy the Barbie movie’s star-studded soundtrack will have to load up a microSD card or call in to their local radio station for their fix of Dua Lipa or Charli XCX, as the only music options are an MP3 player or FM radio. 
In recent years, HMD has pivoted towards marketing its feature phones as a stress-free alternative to always-connected smartphones. The Finnish company promotes its phones as having long battery lives and strong durability, and even brands the Barbie Phone as a “real phone – without social media”.
It turns out that US customers in the market for a Barbie Flip Phone have even more to look forward to than a box full of fun accessories.
As GSMArena reports, the US version of the phone comes with more RAM and storage, an improved 5MP camera, and an entirely different operating system.
The global model of the Barbie Flip Phone runs the S30+ operating system on a Shanghai-made Unisoc chip, whereas the US model gets the more capable KaiOS 3.1 operating system and the Qualcomm 215 chip.
RAM is increased from 64MB to 512MB and storage gets a significant boost from 128MB to 4GB (a 32-fold increase!)
The phone's battery capacity of 1450mAh is the same worldwide, as is the maximum microSD capacity of 32GB.
For longtime fans and those called back to Barbie by last year’s blockbuster alike, a back-to-basics shot of Y2K style could be just what Doctor Barbie ordered.
UK and Australian buyers looking for a modern flip phone sans the Barbie branding can find the 2660 Flip on sale right now for £49.99 or AU$129 at select Aussie retailers (though we can’t imagine missing out on Malibu Snake).
We wonder if HMD also has an Oppenheimer phone on the way to complement this collaboration and cash in on last year’s massive ‘Barbenheimer’ phenomenon. Here's hoping.
If you’re interested in taking a digital detox, you can find out how one of our writers got on when they used a dumb phone for a week.  
Jamie is a Mobile Computing Staff Writer for TechRadar, responsible for covering phones and tablets. He’s been tech-obsessed from a young age and has written for various news and culture publications. Jamie graduated from Goldsmiths, University of London in 2024 with a bachelor’s degree in Journalism. Since starting out as a music blogger in 2020, he’s worked on local news stories, finance trade magazines, and multimedia political features. He brings a love for digital journalism and consumer technology to TechRadar. Outside of the TechRadar office, Jamie can be found binge-watching tech reviews, DJing in local venues around London, or challenging friends to a game of Super Smash Bros. Ultimate.

TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury,
Bath
BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.