Shannon Paine, center, and Jennifer Promploy, right, talk over a round of drinks with a friend who did not wish to share their name at Madame Sherri’s in Keene, a few weeks before its grand opening on the evening of Wednesday, Aug. 14.
From left, Adam Toefper, Miss Ginger Soulless, Patrick Brown and Sherry Vine cut a red ribbon to mark the grand opening of Madame Sherri's Lounge and Cabaret at 82 Main St. in Keene on Sept. 5. The business held a dance party that evening, featuring drag performances by Soulless and Vine, to celebrate the occasion. 
Madame Sherri’s Cabaret and Lounge is more than a restaurant and performance venue, with each night of the week providing a unique experience.
As one of a growing number of LGBTQ+-owned businesses in Keene, its proprietors hope it provides a safe and welcoming environment for everyone, at all hours of the day.
Located on Railroad Square, Madame Sherri’s has drawn hundreds of patrons since its soft opening at the end of July. Co-owners Adam Toepfer, Patrick Brown and Paulee Mekdeci all say the response has been overwhelmingly positive.
“Our first dance party night, we had a line out the door,” Brown said. That dance party on Aug. 10 had a theme: celebrating the queer pop icon Chappell Roan, who won Best New Artist of the Year at the MTV Video Music Awards earlier this week. The evening featured drag performances to music from the star’s latest album. Dance parties since then have continued the tributes to musicians who either are LGBTQ+ or are a fixture in queer culture, such as Charli XCX and Britney Spears.
Colby Beam and Moses Fisher of Keene finish their dinner at Madame Sherri’s as the first singers take the stage during karaoke night at the new bar in Railroad Square in Keene on Wednesday, Aug. 14.
On left, Shannon Paine and Jennifer Promploy talk with a friend, who did not wish to share their name, over drinks during karaoke night at Madame Sherri’s on Wednesday, Aug. 14.
Brown, Mekdeci and Toepfer are also on the board of Keene Pride, but Madame Sherri’s has no connections to the nonprofit; the business and organization are separate entities.
“We wanted to create a place that everyone can go if they want to have a good time. We are also rooted in queer culture,” Brown said. Toepfer chimed in, saying there’s just one requirement to get into the space.
“Be cool. Don’t be all, like, uncool,” he said, quoting the Countess Luann de Lesseps from The Real Housewives of New York City.
The venue on Railroad Square has seen numerous bars over the years, with Hennessy’s the most recent iteration. Hennessy’s opened in place of Trax Club, Bar and Grill in 2023 and closed earlier this year.
Brown noted many of the customers who visit say “there’s something different” about the space since Madame Sherri’s opened.
“We had some people telling us, ‘Oh, that location is cursed, a bar can’t stay open long there,” he said. “Well, we’re not just a bar. And we’re doing things differently.”
Elise McNeal and her partner, Eiley Rice, both of Springfield, Vt., said having a place like Madame Sherri’s nearby is important to them.
“We’re kind of homebodies,” McNeal said. “So when we do go out, it’s good we don’t have to travel two or three hours for a space that we feel comfortable.”
Rice chimed in, noting that the existence of LGBTQ+ spaces in rural areas is important.
“I was living in Cambridge [Mass.] for a while, and they had a lot of spaces for community,” they said. “It’s nice to not feel like I have to go to a city to get that same experience.”
On a recent Thursday night, Rice and McNeal were out to dinner with their friend Tanner O’Brien of Keene.
“I don’t have as cool of a story as they do,” O’Brien said, laughing. “I just really like the wings here.”
Tim Young and Peter Guidi of Keene enjoy a conversation at their table as Madame Sherri’s karaoke night kicks off on the evening of Wednesday, Aug. 14. 
John Belanger sings a solo at Madame Sherri’s karaoke night while his daughter Eunice, 9, films his performance on the evening of Wednesday, Aug. 14. Wednesday marked Belanger’s first time returning to the building since years ago, when it was a dance club.
If you find yourself at Madame Sherri’s on a Wednesday evening, expect a night full of karaoke and 75 cent wings. Thursday nights are trivia, and the weekends turn the energy levels to the max with dance parties and drag performances.
But at its roots, the business pays homage to Chesterfield resident Antoinette “Madame Sherri” Bramare, who worked as a costume designer on Broadway in the early 1900s and was known for hosting lively parties in her home during Prohibition.
The ruins of her residence, known as “the castle,” were donated to the Society for the Protection of New Hampshire Forests and the property surrounding the ruins was named Madame Sherri Forest, according to the Historical Society of Cheshire County.
“We’re trying to incorporate the history of Madame Sherri,” Brown said. “We’d like to do justice to her, and we’ve done a lot of work in uncovering her history and connections to this area.”
You can find several tributes to her throughout the space, from the photos of Bramare on the walls to nods to her castle incorporated in the décor, such as the stonework bar. Mekdeci said a lot of queer history is written “between the lines,” and that Bramare’s party hostess lifestyle ties to a perception of her being an ally to the LGBTQ+ community.
“Queer people have always existed,” Mekdeci said. “There’s a lot that isn’t written about us and our lives, ... I think she’d be proud of us.”
Debbie Pickering of Keene fills the room with the powerful and emotional “Make You Feel My Love” by Adele during karaoke night at Madame Sherri’s on Wednesday, Aug. 14.
The disco ball at Madame Sherri's shines in the stage lighting as guests take to the stage for its weekly karaoke night. 
Quincey, 7, and Alice Toepfer, 9, sing karaoke with Eunice Belanger at the beginning of karaoke night at Madame Sherri’s, weeks prior to its grand opening, on the evening of Wednesday, Aug. 14. Kids were included and welcome to sing at the start of the night as guests filled the lounge. 
Colby Beam and Moses Fisher of Keene chat lively during dinner at Madame Sherri’s in Keene, on karaoke night Wednesday, Aug. 14. 
James Rinker can be reached at 603-355-8569, or jrinker@keenesentinel.com.
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers:
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.