The Magazine of the Science Fiction and Fantasy Field
Collins Dictionary in the UK has released its “Word of the Year” winner and shortlist for 2024. The list include “romantasy,” defined as “a literary genre that combines romantic fiction with fantasy.” The overall word of the year is “brat,” in the sense of someone with a “confident, independent and hedonistic attitude,” as popularized by singer/songwriter Charli XCX’s album Brat.
Other words on the list include “supermajor­ity,” “yapping,” “delulu,” “brainrot,” “rawdog­ging,” and “anti-tourism.” Collins managing director Alex Beercroft said, “With many of this year’s notable words being popularised by gen­erations Z and Alpha, we can confidently say this is the most ‘brat’ word of the year list ever.” For more, see the website.
While you are here, please take a moment to support Locus with a one-time or recurring donation. We rely on reader donations to keep the magazine and site going, and would like to keep the site paywall free, but WE NEED YOUR FINANCIAL SUPPORT to continue quality coverage of the science fiction and fantasy field.
©Locus Magazine. Copyrighted material may not be republished without permission of LSFF.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 Notify me of follow-up comments by email.
Δ
“When I sold my first story, I spent the next nine months or so anxiously awaiting the appearance of two magazines. Asimov’s because there I was, at long last, in print. And Locus because my appearance wasn’t fully realized until they said so. Locus is the voice and conscience of our genre.”
Locus Magazine and Website cover science fiction, fantasy, young-adult, horror books, short fiction, anthologies, magazines, films, news, conventions, and international. Also interviews with SFF authors, editors, artists, and more.
Every contribution helps pay our writers, editors, and artists, sustain the magazine and website, and allows us to continue to share our content without a paywall. Even a small contribution goes a long way toward keeping Locus going and keeping you up to date with new exciting books and in the know about the SFF world. Thank you for your help!