By SAVANNA YOUNG FOR DAILY MAIL AUSTRALIA 
 Published:  00:39, 9 July 2024   |  Updated:  01:08, 9 July 2024   
 1
View  comments
Troye Sivan has announced the dates for his highly-anticipated Something To Give Each Other Australia tour.
The Aussie pop superstar, 29, is set to perform at four massive venues nationwide to support his critically acclaimed album. 
It's the first headline tour in Australia in five years for the Rush hitmaker, who is known for his X-rated antics on stage.
He is currently touring in the US with fellow pop singer Charli XCX.
Troye will kick off his tour Down Under in Adelaide on Tuesday, November 19, performing at The Drive.
He will then jet to Melbourne's Sidney Myer Music Bowl for a gig on Thursday, November 21, before taking a few days ahead of his Brisbane stint at Riverstage on Tuesday, November 26.
The Got Me Started singer will wrap up his tour in Sydney, performing at the Sydney Opera House Forecourt on Thursday, November 28.
Live Nation pre-sale tickets go on sale at 11am local time on Monday, July 15, while general tickets will be available 12pm local time Tuesday, July 16.
The Australian pop superstar, 29, is set to perform at four massive venues across the country in support of his critically acclaimed album
During his world tour, Troye has been capturing concertgoers' attention with his racy dance moves. 
At one moment while performing Got Me Started, he has been seen kneeling on the floor while one of his dancers holds the microphone in an X-rated position.
Troye then sings out 'Boy, can I be honest?' before snatching the microphone back in a choreographed routine.
He has repeatedly showed off the cheeky dance move throughout his tour, including at the Primavera Sound Festival in Barcelona last month.
The risqué dance move divided social media users as they took to X - formerly known as Twitter - to comment after Troye debuted the move in Lisbon last week. 
During his performance to Got Me Started, the 28-year-old kneeled to the floor while one of his dancers held the microphone in an X-rated position
Some fans were left unimpressed by the act, while many others voiced their approval and urged Troye to keep the moment a part of all his upcoming shows.
'Wtf is this' wrote one person while another said: 'Troye Sivan singing into the mic in this position?!'
'WAIT THIS ATE?!!!!' yet another chimed in with one fan saying: 'Love it.'
'Now this is creative choreography' gushed someone else, with one more writing: 'If you don't do the get me started mic thing on the sweat tour I'm selling my ticket.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group