Taylor Swift’s endorsement of Vice President Kamala Harris may fizzle out quickly, and that’s great news for Republicans.
Immediately after the first presidential debate between former President Donald Trump and Harris, Swift posted on Instagram that she would vote for the Democratic ticket, signing off as a “Childless Cat Lady,” a not-so-subtle jab at Trump’s running mate, Sen. J.D. Vance (R-OH). Both Vance and Trump have since shrugged off the endorsement, and conservatives should follow suit.
A Taylor Swift endorsement should be monumental because of her popularity and influence. In 2018, she endorsed Senate candidate Phil Bredesen, former governor of Tennessee, against now-Sen. Marsha Blackburn (R-TN), bringing attention to a widely undiscussed contest. Swift also endorsed Joe Biden for president in 2020, boosting youth political engagement nationwide. Biden’s camp had been courting her endorsement again this cycle until he was forced out of the race.
Both endorsements came in October, a month historically known in politics for surprises that can upend a race’s dynamics. We know Swift’s endorsement has weight, as one report claimed it increased Tennessee youth’s early voting turnout by 664% in 2018. This was due to the proximity of her announcement to Election Day, getting voters excited right before casting their ballots.
She may have jumped the gun this time by announcing her preference in early September.
Especially in a presidential season this volatile, where Trump was almost assassinated and Harris’s running mate, Gov. Tim Walz of Minnesota, faces allegations of stolen valor, the media cycle is rapidly reacting to new developments. Thus, not every story gets the attention it deserves or reaches its widest audience.
Despite the magnitude of Swift’s profile, the premature endorsement may lose its potency before Election Day. While it may provide a short-term boost for fundraising toward Democrats and general voter registration, the momentum will fade, as with any other celebrity’s support. Remember when singer-songwriter Charli XCX endorsed Harris, claiming July and August as “brat summer”? Trends don’t last forever, and neither does political momentum, no matter the size of the wave.
The announcement’s proximity to the Trump-Harris debate also seems a blunder. We are already seeing commentary on Swift’s endorsement being swept up in the debate buzz, sharing space with headlines on subjects such as Trump’s Springfield, Ohio, comments. By piggybacking off debate performance, Swift’s “big” endorsement loses some of the power it may have carried had it come closer to November.
It doesn’t help the Democratic ticket that Swift’s endorsement comes as no surprise. 
Back in January, conservatives speculated that the Kansas City Chiefs would win the Super Bowl, giving tight end Travis Kelce’s girlfriend a stage to endorse Biden. That never materialized, but the expectations had been set. For months, the media fawned over the possibility of her support for Biden and Harris, reinforcing that notion when Trump reposted an AI photo of her in August.
Whereas Swift’s prior endorsements sent shockwaves because she was mostly apolitical, this year her Democratic loyalty has been all but assumed. Since 2020, she has supported abortion access, made political protest songs, and called for Juneteenth to be a national holiday. She has a track record of backing the Democrats and their agenda; rallying behind Harris isn’t anything new or revolutionary.
Republicans have been granted a gift with Swift’s miscalculation. The GOP can make its situation even better by not overreacting to it.
Conservatives must not legitimize celebrity’s role in politics by being hysterical over Swift’s endorsement. It is unsurprising, so we must respond accordingly. Republicans should argue that the endorsement won’t change the dynamics of the race. They can neutralize Swift’s swaying power and explain how her post was predictable.
CLICK HERE TO READ MORE FROM THE WASHINGTON EXAMINER
But conservatives must also refrain from attacking Taylor Swift. Negative comments or retaliation might generate sympathy for her and awaken the powerful Swiftie fan base against GOP candidates. Keep policy as the election’s main focus; it’s what matters most in politics.
Don’t give credit to Swift’s endorsement. Shake it off.
Alex Rosado is a research fellow for Horizon Info Consult and a contributor for Young Voices. Follow him on X @Alexprosado.