By AMY LAMARE FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  21:42, 13 December 2024   |  Updated:  21:48, 13 December 2024   
 56
View  comments
Kaia Gerber was seen modeling a new nightie.
It's part of a collaboration with Library Science, which is Kaia and Alyssa Reeder's online book club, and Dôen.
The daughter of super model Cindy Crawford, 58, and Rande Gerber, 62, shared a series of snaps to her Instagram account of her wearing the nightie.
The semi sheer sleepwear had a retro-feel to it with an off the shoulders ruffled neckline, buttons down the front and a ruffled hem that fell to mid-thigh.
'We made the perfect nightie with @shopdoen and @libraryscienceto support @roomtoread. happy holidays - get cozy and read a book.(& somehow you guys already sold out some sizes? are we okay?),' she captioned her post. 
The nightie is called the Lillian and was inspired by Kaia, 23, and Reeder's 'shared love of escaping in the pages of a really good book,' according to a press release. 
It retails for $248 and 20% of profits from will go to Room to Read, an organization that promotes literacy and gender equality.
Kaia Gerber revealed her collaboration with Library Science, which is Kaia and Alyssa Reeder's online book club, and Dôen on a sexy but comfortable nighty just in time for Christmas 
Her brother, model Presley Gerber, 25, left a comment on the post, writing, 'Sick.' 
Kaia followed in her famous mother's footsteps getting into the modeling world at age 10 in Young Versace's first ever campaign. At 16, she walked her first runway for Calvin Klein.
Last year, Gerber spoke highly of her mom as she reflected on how working together over the years has taken their relationship to a new level.
'I do feel like we've established a really strong bond and friendship outside of just a mother-daughter dynamic, which has been so fun for me over the last few years,' Kaia told People.
Cindy, 58, agreed. 'We went to Burning Man together,' she told the outlet. 
'We just did a retreat together, we both love reading,' Cindy added.
'Yeah, it's a lot of like talking about what books we're reading, sharing podcasts,'  Kaia interjected.
Over the past two years, Kaia has been shifting from modeling to acting. She starred in AppleTV's hit show Palm Royale as Mitzi, where she got to use some of her comedic chops. 
The daughter of super model of Cindy Crawford, 58, and Rande Gerber, 62, shared a series of snaps to her Instagram account of her wearing the nightie
The semi sheer sleepwear had a retro-feel to it with an off the shoulders ruffled neckline, buttons down the front and a ruffled hem that fell to mid-thigh
The model dished on her acting carrer, what she does to decompress on set and more in The Hollywood Reporter's Next Generation Talent issue.
'But it actually works to my advantage that I treat it like it's serious. The type of comedy I do is to believe what you're doing, no matter how ridiculous it is.'
The outlet asked her what she would be if not an actress or model. 'I would be a librarian. I don't have a degree in library science, so technically I'm not a librarian yet. 
She added: 'However, I do curate libraries for people, so I would say librarian adjacent.' 
She also shared what she does to decompress on set: 'I read a book. Shocker. On set, I tend to read short stories because they're easier to pick up and put down.'
Kaia talked about the album she's been listening to the most lately, revealing it is Charli XCX's Brat.
'I am not willing to let go of having a Brat summer yet, even though we're well into fall,' she said. 
And even though she comes from Hollywood royalty with her famous parents, she also talked about the most Hollywood thing to happen to her in her life so far.
'We made the perfect nightie with @shopdoen and @libraryscience to support @roomtoread. happy holidays - get cozy and read a book' she captioned her post
The nightie is called the Lillian and was inspired by Kaia, 23, and Reeder's 'shared love of escaping in the pages of a really good book,' according to a press release.
'Probably that Pamela Anderson was the crossing guard at my elementary school. She wore the yellow safety vest and everything. I didn't know how good I had it then.' 
Pam Anderson talked about her school crossing guard gig in a 2008 episode of The Ellen DeGeneres Show.
'I'm safety patrol on Mondays at my sons' school with the neon vest and everything. It's really hot,' the mom of two said.
'You help the children out to get to school,' she added. 'You help them out of the car and then you shut the door.'
And because of her acting work schedule at the time a and the early wake-up calls to get her sons ready for school,  Anderson would show up to work with her glam stage makeup still on. 
'I get in around 3 or 4 in the morning and I'm up at 6:30 a.m. with my kids making breakfast, 8 a.m. at school and who washes their face? People always look at me funny anyway,' she said.
'I get a lot of high fives. [Other parents] think it's funny that I'm there doing that. I'm a mom. you have to do it and I love it.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group