Share
FILE-Beyoncé Knowles speaks during Vice President Kamala Harris rally Friday, Oct. 25, 2024 at Shell Energy Stadium in Houston. (Yi-Chin Lee/Houston Chronicle via Getty Images) 
Beyoncé leads the 2025 Grammy nominations with 11, bringing her career total to 99 nominations, making her the most-nominated artist in Grammy history.
The acclaimed entertainer’s "Cowboy Carter" is up for album and country album of the year, and "Texas Hold ’Em" is nominated for record, song and country song of the year, the Associated Press reported.
RELATED: Beyoncé’s ‘Cowboy Carter’ album shatters Spotify and Amazon Music records
According to the AP, this marks Beyoncé’s first time receiving nominations in the country and Americana categories. The Houston native also received nominations in other categories, including pop, country, Americana, and melodic rap performance.
If the "Single Ladies" singer wins the album of the year, the AP reports that she will become the first Black woman to do so in the 21st century. 
RELATED: These world tours brought in the most money in 2023, according to Pollstar
Lauryn Hill last won in 1999 for "The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill," joining Natalie Cole and Whitney Houston as the only Black women to take home the Grammys’ top honor.
Post Malone received his first ever nominations in the country categories this year, having released his debut country album "F-1 Trillion" in August. 
Malone is just behind Beyoncé, with seven nominations, tied with Billie Eilish, Kendrick Lamar, and Charli XCX, who earned her first nominations as a solo artist.
Eilish is the only artist to have her first three albums be nominated for album of the year.
Lamar’s diss track "Not Like Us," released during his rap feud with Drake is nominated for record and song of the year, rap song, music video as well as best rap performance, the Associated Press reported. 
Taylor Swift and first-time nominees Sabrina Carpenter and Chappell Roan earned six Grammy nominations each.
In 2023, Swift won album of the year for "Midnights," shattering the record for most wins in the category with four. This year, she became the first ever woman to seven career nominations in the categor 
According to the AP, only recordings commercially released in the U.S. between Sept. 16, 2023 through Aug. 30, 2024 were eligible for nominations. The final round of Grammy voting, which determines its winners, will take place Dec. 12 through January 3.
The 2025 Grammy Awards will air Feb. 2 live on CBS and Paramount+ from the Crypto.com Arena in Los Angeles.
Information for this story was provided by the Associated Press, which shares details on Beyoncé’s nominations and other artists nominated for Grammy’s in 2025. This story was reported from Washington, D.C. 
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX Television Stations