Well, this is a new way to wear denim... 
Take a look through Amelia Gray's style file and you can't help but notice a lot of her previous looks have been *very* naked. No surprise given the celebrity obsession with naked dressing both on and off the red carpet.
From see-through crochet dresses on holiday to teeny tiny string bikinis modelled on magazine covers, the daughter of Lisa Rinna has made the aesthetic her go-to in both her personal life and in her status as model of the moment. A title confirmed by her overwhelming presence at fashion week plus securing campaigns for such prestigious brands as Givenchy and now Frame. 
Yep, the denim speciality label loved by Fashion Editors and A-listers alike is the latest to sign the 22-year-old as its new official face. And as predicted, the campaign shoot is typically revealing but this might actually be Amelia's most naked look ever.
Photographed lounging in bed, her hair typically touseled against the pillows, Amelia poses completely naked clutching a pair of jeans – specifically the Slouchy Straight Jean in a light wash – in one hand that have been draped over her body to protect her modesty. Talk about a new way to wear denim...
Other shots from the campaign see Amelia don a little more clothing, namely tie-up string triangle bikini tops paired with cut-out shorts and mid-rise jeans.
Celebrities posing naked is nothing new, but we've noticed a trend of late amongst famous faces reaching for altogether unusual objects as clothes. From Cara Delevingne clutching Stella McCartney handbags to her nude body just as Lourdes Leon did, Charli XCX wearing album covers as a bra and Bella Hadid using a giant poster as a dress.
Hmm this might be one celeb trend that doesn't translate to IRL...
Follow Alexandria on Instagram.
Alexandria Dale is the Digital Fashion Writer at Cosmopolitan UK. Covering everything from the celebrity style moments worth knowing about to the latest fashion news, there’s nothing she loves more than finding a high street dupe of a must-have designer item. As well as discovering new brands, she’s passionate about sustainable fashion and establishing the trends that are actually worth investing in. Having worked in fashion journalism for six years, she has experience at both digital and print publications including Glamour and Ok! 
Kim K's nude bodysuit is *gravity-defying*
Julia Fox’s frilly knickers have bum-crack cut-out
The most revealing Met Gala naked dresses *ever*
Rosie Huntington-Whiteley is selling her wardrobe
Flo Pugh's sheer strapless gown = style switch-up
Sydney Sweeney's tiny ruffle nude corset dress =🔥
Blake Lively's corset gown = Old Hollywood glamour
Shopping Sydney Sweeney’s stripe bikini & trousers
Flo Pugh's black lace ballgown is *SO* see-through
A deep dive into Lola Young's style transformation
Shop Olivia Rodrigo's stunning Rixo dress
Maya serves sexy underboob in bikini beach snaps
Cosmopolitan, Part of the Hearst UK Fashion & Beauty Network
Cosmopolitan participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England 112955. All Rights Reserved.