Even Rihanna is having a brat summer
The long-abhorred neon green has had a big year. After a steady revival this past spring thanks to Zendaya’s Challengers press tour wardrobe, the colorway has now fully reentered the zeitgeist, with Charli XCX’s Brat album cover art being largely responsible for the rehabilitation. But, brat summer isn’t just a look—it’s also a philosophy. And who better to embody that mindset than Rihanna?
The superstar has been having an eventful summer, with the launch of Fenty Hair and the celebration of her and A$AP Rocky’s youngest son’s first birthday. Now, as she vacations in her home country of Barbados, the Grammy winner and mogul is putting a designer spin on the neon trend.
Paparazzi captured photos of Rihanna in a bright green set, pulling together different vintage pieces from Dolce & Gabbana. Among these pieces were a stretchy off-the-shoulder top and a matching miniskirt, both emblazoned with black zebra print. Rihanna continued the neon zebra theme with a matching Dolce & Gabbana shoulder bag, then finished off the look with thong flip-flops from a Havaianas collaboration with Dolce & Gabbana, a gold Briony Raymond chain necklace, dark brown shades, and a black bikini top.
Rocky joined Rihanna for the beach day, showing out in his own patterned look via a blue button-down printed with thin white vertical stripes. He layered the top over a black tank top and black straight-leg trousers, then accessorized with black shades and an array of jewelry.
Charli previously explained the meaning of the term brat during an interview with TikTok series Off the Record. “You’re just that girl who is a little messy and likes to party and, like, maybe says some like dumb things sometimes,” the singer said. “Who feels herself, but then also, like, maybe has a breakdown, but kinda parties through it. It’s very honest, it’s very blunt, a little bit volatile. Does dumb things, but, like, it’s brat! You’re brat! That’s brat.”
With the viral success of her album, the term has simultaneously taken off, with everybody from model Kaia Gerber to Democratic presidential candidate Kamala Harris embracing the label.
Kendall Jenner’s Halter Plunges to New Depths
Florence Pugh Steps Out in Five Different Looks
Kate and William Show Rare PDA in New Photos
Dua Lipa Looks Cool In Leather Pants
Lucas Bravo & Shailene Woodley Are Official
Hailey Bieber’s Gucci Dress Is So Cinderella-Coded
Kylie and Timothée Show PDA at a Lakers Game
Charli XCX Posts a Photo Dump From Her Brat Tour
George and Amal Clooney's Relationship Timeline
Lorde's Dating History
Jen Aniston's Easy Look Is So Rachel Green-Coded
Blake Lively Carries Kitschy Pizza-Shaped Clutch
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.