The luxury lifestyle magazine’s Innovator Awards honor the year’s groundbreaking talents and industry-movers in music, film, technology, fashion, entertainment & altruism, comedy and sports
New York, NY [October 15, 2024] – WSJ. Magazine today announced the honorees for the 14th Annual Innovator Awards, taking place in New York City on Tuesday, October 29. This year, the magazine will spotlight seven revolutionary icons in recognition of their outstanding achievements in their respective industries. 
2024 Innovator Awards recipients are as follows:
WSJ. Magazine will dedicate a cover of its highly anticipated November Issue to each of the selected pioneering talents.
“This year’s Innovators are boundary-pushing trailblazers,” said WSJ. Magazine Editor in Chief Sarah Ball. “Each has left an indelible mark on their respective industry and continues to shape our future. We’re honored to shine a light on their collective greatness.”
“The annual Innovator Awards is undoubtedly one of the most exciting events of the year,” said Omblyne Pelier, Publisher of WSJ. Magazine. “I look forward to celebrating the night with our distinguished honorees and their presenters. We are grateful for the partnership and backing of our presenting sponsors Harry Winston, Hyundai Motor America and Roche Bobois and supporting sponsor La Prairie.”
After the gala, honorees and attendees will be treated to a live performance by musician and Charli xcx collaborator, The Dare.
WSJ. Magazine’s November issue will be available in print in the U.S. on Saturday, November 9.
Launched in 2011, WSJ. Magazine’s annual Innovators Awards honors the year’s groundbreaking visionaries from a range of disciplines. As an annual event, Innovators has blossomed into one of The Wall Street Journal’s most special evenings: a red-carpet gala that punctuates wide-ranging content and brand extensions to reach WSJ.’s largest global audience every year. As an expression of WSJ.’s editorial mission, the ceremony encapsulates everything readers have come to expect from the award-winning magazine: a gathering of ambitious, forward-looking minds whose originality has led to meaningful change and offers inspiration to others. 
About WSJ. Magazine
WSJ. is a global luxury magazine covering the ideas and personalities shaping today’s culture. It serves an audience that extends across all platforms and through live events. The magazine harnesses the best of what the larger Wall Street Journal is known for, providing a sharp portrait of the biggest creative decision-makers of our day through muscular reporting, distinctive storytelling and world-class photography. 

Email        *


Please fill in the required field.        

By clicking submit, I agree to the         Privacy Policy         and         Cookie Policy         and I understand I will receive marketing communications from Dow Jones professional information products from which I may unsubscribe using the links provided.