Fashion
It’s not new music, but we’ll take it.
It takes a lot for a fashion collaboration to really knock us off our feet, with dozens released every week by influencers and A-listers alike. But the skate brand Welcome just casually dropped what might be the best celebrity collab this year with a line of Britney Spears tees, hoodies, and skate decks all fitted out with Britney’s signature looks from over the years. Now skaters and Gen Z style fiends alike can have a piece of her. 
The collaboration transcends both music and skating, and has universal appeal whether you even know how to stand on a skateboard or not. It’s been 25 years since her debut album ...Baby One More Time was released, and clearly Spears is still influencing the zeitgeist. Halsey just released “Lucky,” a song that utilizes the melody from Spears’ song of the same name, and beyond music, Britney’s style continues to inspire a generation with lots of baby tees, skimpy stage outfits, and Canadian tuxedoes all still making the rounds and grabbing headlines. Britney is, as Charli XCX would put it, our favorite reference, baby. 
The line features pictures from her debut album cover, her snake-filled VMA performance of “Slave 4 U,” and the often overlooked Femme Fatale cover. There’s four different skate decks, plus hoodies, trucker hats, and even a Nalgene water bottle, (Stanley cup, your days are numbered) all ranging from $6.99 to $99.99. Now that we’ve put this on your radar... choose your favorite Britney era and go forth in style this summer.
Almost 25 years after its release, ...Baby One More Time has finally been immortalized on a skateboard.
Britney’s VMA performance of “Slave 4 U” can live on the bottom of your skateboard, flashing the python with every ollie.
This tee made me a believer in always wearing your favorite pop star wherever you go.
Those eyes! Keep on skating till the world ends in this black tee.
In case you want to give everyone at the beach a gentle reminder that is just so typically you.