Singer-songwriter Billie Eilish wears an oversized polo shirt and plaid baseball cap as she performs at the fourth of five Los Angeles concerts at Inglewood’s Kia Forum on Friday. The Southern California shows mark the conclusion of the North American leg of the nine-time Grammy winner’s ongoing trek “HIT ME HARD AND SOFT: THE TOUR.” (Courtesy of Henry Hwu and High Rise Public Relations)
 “HIT ME HARD AND SOFT: THE TOUR” 
 Billie Eilish 
 Kia Forum 
 Dec. 20 
Billie Eilish is undoubtedly “THE GREATEST” to grace the Kia Forum.
The nine-time Grammy winner unleashed her electric “HIT ME HARD AND SOFT: THE TOUR” for the fourth of five nights in her hometown of Los Angeles on Friday. The sold-out stretch in the Inglewood arena will conclude the tour’s North American leg before Eilish embarks to Brisbane, Australia, in February. Supporting the 23-year-old’s immaculate third album, “HIT ME HARD AND SOFT,” the world tour rounds out a highly successful year for the artist, which included winning her second Academy Award in March and receiving seven Grammy nominations for the 2025 ceremony. Eilish’s Friday show transformed the Forum into a hypnotizing visual display, gorgeously complementing the very best of her sonic and personal aesthetics to leave a lasting emotional impression.
[Related: Rewinding 2024: Presenting the year’s best songs, from chart-toppers to deep cuts]
Following opener Ashnikko, the concert’s start was signaled with the pulsing of a luminescent cube at the center of the stage, gradually intensifying alongside an instrumental motif heard throughout “HIT ME HARD AND SOFT.” The screens that shaped the cube occasionally flashed a glimpse of Eilish, earning screams from the crowd, before she finally emerged atop it to begin the cinematic “CHIHIRO.” The singer rocked her signature style in a plaid backward cap and baggy orange polo shirt, grooving to the track’s enchanting synth and bass lines. As the song picked up speed, she ran across the rectangular stage, its placement in the middle of the venue allowing her to fire up all members of the audience.
Eilish continued a string of upbeat numbers with the flirty hit single “LUNCH.” On the large screens above her, the artist’s darkly lined eyes conveyed sensuality as she sang the catchy chorus: “Yeah, she dances on my tongue / Tastes like she might be the one.” Flashing lights engulfed the arena in bold red and blue hues reminiscent of the track’s music video, fully immersing the crowd. Afterward, an erratic sea of lasers accompanied the powerful chorus of “NDA,” emphasizing its message of her frustration with fame.
A tonal shift followed with “WILDFLOWER” as the crowd was doused in a fitting sea of dark blue lights. The poignant track, which details overthinking about a partner’s ex, evidently resonated with fans as they loudly provided Eilish’s backing vocals during its second verse. The singer then paused to chat with the audience, shockingly revealing she had been experiencing laryngitis for over a month. Eilish’s voice was consistently goosebump-inducing – especially in the high-register of “when the party’s over,” which she sang next – not once indicating her sickness, impressively illustrating her showmanship.
After a small throwback to her debut album, Eilish treated fans with “THE GREATEST,” which was appropriately one of her best performances of the evening. She stood on a rising platform, backed by hard-hitting drums, as she fiercely belted its heartbreaking bridge: “Just wanted passion from you / Just wanted what I gave you.” The tearjerkers continued when Eilish brought out her brother and frequent collaborator FINNEAS for several of their co-written tracks. 2022’s “TV” was a notable standout, with the crowd’s chants of “Maybe I’m the problem” resounding through the Forum, making it the sole focus without excessive lights or projections onstage.
The night wasn’t always so heavy, however, as Eilish next played a series of her most danceable hits. For the lustful “Oxytocin,” she encouraged the whole arena to drop to the floor before jumping in unison to the song’s quick, haunting beat. Next, her hit feature on Charli xcx’s “Guess” turned the venue into a club with help from blazing “BRAT” green light beams. During this number, Eilish performed on a smaller stage at the far end of the Forum, allowing her to interact with fans at the back of the pit while her band danced along on the main stage.
Slowly bringing the energy back down, Eilish next unveiled two touching renditions of songs from her early discography – “lovely” and “ocean eyes.” The latter performance of her 2016 single was not only vocally angelic but also visually spellbinding, as screens and projections paired to create a realistic illusion that crashing waves were overtaking the stage. The artist then announced she’d be covering a Christmas song for the close-approaching holiday, breaking into “Silent Night.” The song was not the most exciting choice, prompting some attendees to take a bathroom break, but Eilish’s heavenly voice still brought new life to the holiday classic.
With her last few tracks, Eilish ended the night on a beautifully strong note. Her stage presence was at its most magnetic for the fiery “L’AMOUR DE MA VIE,” during which she played with her hair and sassily delivered biting lines like “I was the love of your life / But you were not mine.” The second half of the song, which transitions from a smooth ballad to an aggressive electronic beat, extracted pure energy from the crowd as Eilish screamed in delectable autotune.
[Related: Music Video Roundup: Fall’s female artists zoom into creativity, confidence]
Concluding over an hour and a half of magic, Eilish told fans “BIRDS OF A FEATHER” would be her last performance of the night. The optimistic single, which peaked at No. 2 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart this year, swept a wave of delight over the audience as projections turned the stage floor into a flower field. As Eilish’s airy vocals led into the last chorus, a burst of confetti filled the arena, heightening the already euphoric energy of the finale. Before departing, the singer rounded the entirety of the stage, stopping at each point to bow and wave to fans. As she left in an overpowering wave of cheers, the profound connection she forged with the evening’s guests was palpable and undeniable.
After five unforgettable nights, LA won’t ever want to say goodbye to Eilish.