"Thinking differently and having the freedom to do so is what makes this country great," said Rock, who has been a vocal supporter of Donald Trump since 2016
Kid Rock has addressed Eminem‘s and Taylor Swift‘s endorsement of Kamala Harris for President of the United States – see what the rapper had to say below.
In September, Taylor Swift announced her endorsement of Kamala Harris. Eminem confirmed his endorsement last week when he attended Harris’ Detroit rally and introduced former President Barack Obama.
Barack Obama and Eminem at Kamala Harris’ Detroit rally. Credit: DOMINIC GWINN/Middle East Images/AFP via Getty Images
Kid Rock has long been a supporter of Donald Trump, dating back to the former president’s election in 2016. In recent months, Kid Rock – real name Robert “Bob” Ritchie – has become somewhat of a mouthpiece for Trump’s camp and has appeared at several rallies to champion the Republican candidate.
Since Eminem’s appearance at Harris’ rally, Kid Rock has taken to social media to voice his opinion on Em’s and Taylor Swift’s support for Harris. In a video posted to X, the country rapper is seen strumming an acoustic guitar while shirtless. He pauses to say: “Now that I have your attention, I love Eminem. We’ve been friends for many years.”
Donald Trump and Kid Rock in 2018. Credit: SAUL LOEB/AFP via Getty Images
Kid Rock continued: “I don’t agree with his politics, but I do give credit to him and people like Taylor Swift for standing up and not being afraid to be vocal for that in which they believe. Thinking differently and having the freedom to do so is what makes this country great.”
He then doubled down on his support for Trump, adding: “My stance is unequivocally MAGA, because I know in my heart, mind, body and soul that President Trump will make America great again. God bless the USA.”
pic.twitter.com/jy9ZC7kyHG
— KidRock (@KidRock) October 25, 2024
Yesterday (October 28), Rock shared another post in which he directly responded to Eminem saying that the one thing they agree on is their support for the Detroit Lions team.
Rock wrote: “Thanks Eminem – who would [have] thought it would be 2 white rappers from Detroit / Michigan to show our divided country what class is and how it should be done! Appreciate ya too Marshall!”
Thanks @Eminem  – Who would of thought it would be 2 white rappers from Detroit / Michigan to show our divided Country what class is and how it should be done! Appreciate ya too Marshall! Kid Rock / Bob Ritchie DETROIT LOVE #GOLIONS – https://t.co/x8Lp5f09Wt
— KidRock (@KidRock) October 28, 2024
Earlier this year, Kid Rock performed his song ‘American Bad Ass’ at the 2024 Republican National Convention, where he modified the track’s lyrics to showcase his support for Trump from “Say ‘Hey! Hey'” to “Say ‘Fight! Fight!’ Say ‘Trump! Trump!'” in reference to the assassination on Trump earlier this year.
The US Presidential elections have been set for November 5.
Artists and prominent names in the entertainment industry that have backed Kamala Harris include Jon Bon Jovi, Charli XCX, Beyoncé, Megan Thee Stallion, P!nk, Bon Iver, Quavo, Stevie Wonder, Cher, Billie Eilish, Finneas, Chappell Roan, Olivia Rodrigo, Bruce Springsteen, Neil Young and Dave Bautista.
Famous people backing Trump include Elon Musk, Dennis Quaid, Joe Exotic, Kelsey Grammer, Zachary Levi, Kanye West, Kodak Black, Dana White, Russell Brand, Rob Schneider, Lil Pump, Hulk Hogan, Lil Wayne, John Voight and Azealia Banks.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.