I asked eight designers which trends they're skipping in 2025 — and honestly, their answers shocked me.
As a home editor, I stay immersed in the latest design trends. I'm constantly chatting with interior designers to discover which colors, furniture styles and finishes they’re currently loving — and which ones they’re ready to leave behind. With 2025 around the corner, I tapped eight interior designers to see which popular home trends they're skipping in the year ahead — and, honestly, their answers shocked me.
Color drenching, bold cabinet colors and open shelving are just a few of the trends designers say are difficult to pull off and won't age well. In general, the design pros I spoke to are weary of trends, especially microtrends that tend to last only a couple months. 
One key piece of advice I'm taking away with me in the new year: "If you didn't love it before it was a trend, skip it," says interior designer Andrea Lackie.
With the resurgence of '70s vintage vibes, we're seeing more yellow, green and even pink kitchens — but this trend may not be here for long. "A design trend working its way into 2025 with a vengeance — one that I believe will be working its way right back out — are bold and vibrant colored kitchen cabinets," says designer and content creator Galey Alix. 
"Kitchen cabinets are one of the most expensive investments in your home's design and can be difficult to change out in a few years when it's not the trend anymore," says Alix. "Instead, try going bold with the backsplash or lighting choices — those are far easier and less expensive to change out."
As a lover of color, this one hurts me to admit: Drenching an entire room with one hue may look trendy now, but you may not love it in a few years. "Done right, the vibe is cool, but it can quickly feel impractical and borderline garish," says Rebecca Bobroff, an interior designer. 
We've seen cultural moments influence design trends, like the popularity of "Brat Green" following the buzz around Charli XCX's Brat album. But, these trends are often short-lived and "can be a little too much," says Cheryl Clendenon, creative chief of In Detail Interiors. 
"Overly themed spaces (like all-in on Barbiecore or a maximalist jungle) might feel fun now, but could date your home quickly," she adds. "Instead, we say pick moments of these trends — like a pop of vibrant pink or tropical wallpaper in small doses or curated vignettes." 
Open shelving in the kitchen is a surprisingly controversial topic. It looks beautiful when properly executed, but can quickly become cluttered and disorganized. "Whenever a client wants open shelving in their home, we always ask them to honestly answer this question: 'Am I truly neat enough for this?'" says E. Norton of Norton Interiors. 
Designers have been saying it for months: Minimalism is out. People are sick of their interiors feeling stark and cold. "Ultra-minimalist decor with zero personality is on its way out," says Clendenon. "Homes should feel warm, lived-in and uniquely you. Skip the trend of styling for Instagram alone — design for your life instead. A thoughtful blend of classic pieces with subtle nods to current styles will always shine."
As minimalism fades, some are embracing what’s being dubbed the "mob wife aesthetic" — a bold, maximalist style characterized by animal prints, faux furs and vibrant colors like red.
"As with most tenants of good design, the heavy, over-the-top maximalism that is a hallmark of this trend only works if the client is a Soprano — or at least mob-adjacent," says Sarah Henley, founder of Henley Design. "Authenticity should always drive the narrative thread of a project, so if the client, the home or the location doesn't relate to the trend you are considering, we think you should steer clear!"
You can install trim molding, wall panels or picture-frame molding to fake architectural details — but some designers don't love the look. "Skip it — especially if your home isn't from that era," says Thea Bloch-Neal, founder of Curated by Thea. "Instead, focus on embracing the original details that give your space its unique character. Or, invest in a truly stunning piece of artwork — something timeless that you'll treasure for a lifetime."
Investing in quality furniture can be costly, but some mass-produced pieces are made with non-durable materials that lack longevity. "While these items might seem like a quick fix, they can prematurely age a space and end up being more expensive in the long run when replacements are needed," says Vyanca Soto, owner and principal designer at Market Studio Interiors.
"Instead, I suggest investing in higher-quality items that offer both style and longevity. These pieces become the anchors of your home, evolving gracefully over time and providing a much richer, more intentional design experience."
In recent years, more people have experimented with limewash as a way to add texture to their space — but it doesn't always turn out as planned. "Skip the limewash, especially if you're planning a DIY. It's tricky to get right, and you'll likely regret it halfway through," says Bloch-Neal.
Alyssa Gautieri (she/her) is the associate lifestyle editor for Good Housekeeping, where she covers all things home and interior design. Prior to joining GH in 2022, she wrote for publications including ELLE Decor, Chairish, BobVila.com, Unique Homes Magazine and LODGING Magazine, in addition to crafting product copy for home brands like BrylaneHome and VIGO Industries.
7 Items Design Pros Never Pass up at Antique Shops
Kelly Clarkson Home Pieces Are Up to 50% Off 
30 Bedroom Paint Colors for Your Relaxing Retreat
We Fell in Love With This Viral Library Shed
Why Is Skirted Furniture Having Such a Moment?
The Vintage Home Feature Making a Comeback
Will This Outdoor Paint Color Really Deter Bugs?
22 Dreamy She Shed Design Ideas
What Is Pattern Drenching? 
Designers Can't Get Enough of This Home Trend
These 6 Details Make Your Kitchen Look Outdated 
5 Decor Trends Millennials Should Ditch ASAP
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
Good Housekeeping participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.