Focus on cultural impact and creative expertise
New leadership empowered at Atlantic, 300 Entertainment, and 10K Projects
Key moves include promotions of Lanre Gaba and Erica Bellarosa, appointment of Dave Rocco, and elevation of Craig Kallman
Today, Atlantic Music Group (AMG), part of Warner Music Group (Nasdaq: WMG), unveiled its dynamic new leadership team and structure. Designed to maximize AMG’s cultural impact and strengthen its creative expertise, the changes will empower dedicated A&R and Marketing teams at Atlantic Records, 300 Entertainment, and 10K Projects. Starting October 1, Elliot Grainge assumes the role of CEO of Atlantic Music Group, as Julie Greenwald passes the torch after two decades.
Grainge said, “Atlantic Music Group is home to the most extraordinary artists and executives in the world. This great label has moved through a meaningful transition, and emerged with a world-class team, made up of ambitious innovators and veteran visionaries. We have a plan to build on the extraordinary achievements of the last twenty years, honor the independent DNA of our labels, and collaborate with artists to pioneer a future filled with opportunity. To all our artists, managers, and partners, we are committed to a single principle – maximum impact for original artists. We’re looking forward to doing big, bold, brave things together.”

Robert Kyncl, WMG CEO, added: “AMG will be lean, agile, fiercely creative, and deeply passionate about artists and their fans. We’re opening an exciting new chapter in the story of an iconic label. Elliot’s thoughtfully chosen a team that combines a wealth of experience, a diversity of expertise, and a commitment to excellence.”

Atlantic Records, 300 Entertainment, and 10K Projects will all be helmed by forward-thinking leaders. 10K will operate within Atlantic Music Group as a standalone venture controlled by WMG. The Elektra, Fueled By Ramen, and Roadrunner imprints will continue under the AMG banner.
For Atlantic Records:
For 300 Entertainment:
For 10K Projects:
Atlantic Music Group will combine the strengths of key functions at Atlantic, 300, and Elektra, to create one central set of artist development services. These functions at the group level include Creative, Legal & Business Affairs, Promotion, Press & Media Strategy, Digital Marketing & Analytics, Sales & Streaming, A&R Research, A&R Administration, and Marketing Operations.
For Atlantic Music Group:
( Press Release Image: https://photos.webwire.com/prmedia/6/327254/327254-1.jpg )
WebWireID327254
This news content was configured by WebWire editorial staff. Linking is permitted.
News Release Distribution and Press Release Distribution Services Provided by WebWire.