By REBECCA LAWRENCE FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  08:14, 11 March 2024   |  Updated:  16:23, 11 March 2024   
 1.1k
View  comments
The Vanity Fair Oscars bash is always one of the biggest parties of the year as stars head out to either celebrate or commiserate following the Academy Awards. 
Models, reality stars and athletes are among the stars who also receive an invite to the annual soiree, meaning the party is no longer about comparing acting talents but instead their sense of style. 
This year, however, the celebrities seemed determined to outdo one another in terms of who could wear the least, as stars stripped down to some of their raciest looks to date. 
Leading the charge of lingerie-free stars were the likes of Emily Ratajkowski, Anitta and Florence Pugh, who left nothing to the imagination as they posed at the Wallis Annenberg Center for the Performing Arts. 
Emily, 32, ensured all eyes would be on her as she donned a daring, sculpted white gown from the French brand Jacquemus - which flashed a considerable amount of sideboob. 
Emily Ratajkowski led the raciest red carpet ever at Sunday's Vanity Fair Oscars party at the Wallis Annenberg Center for the Performing Arts
This year, the celebrities seemed determined to outdo one another in terms of who could wear the least (left, Anitta, right, Florence Pugh) 
While towering in nature from the front with an eye-catching curved bodice, as Emily turned to the side she risked a nip slip, having gone braless in the backless number. 
She added to the look with glittering Messika jewels, while her flawless visage was painted by the pros at Charlotte Tilbury.
Anitta was past the point of nip slip with her ensemble as she posed up a storm in a sheer mesh dress.
The Brazilian singer, 30, put her ample breasts on full display in the floor length gown, with just a small black thong protecting her modesty. 
Also daring to free the nipple was Florence, 28, who went braless in a sheer white gown with lace detailing. 
The racy dress featured a tulle peplum hem with intricate detailing to protect her modesty and flared out to calf length. 
Another daring look came from Jodie Turner-Smith, 37, who ditched her lingerie to model a plunging black gown with a racy thigh high split. 
Heidi Klum, 50, also ensured her toned physique was on display in a figure-hugging, gold dress that contained various cutouts on the front.
One star who seemed concerned that her dress wasn't showing enough, however, was Saweetie, who went above and beyond to highlight her cleavage. 
The rapper, 30, posed up a storm on the red carpet as she grabbed her breasts and angled them at the cameras, ensuring everyone would get a good look at her incredible figure. 
Emily, 32, donned a daring, sculpted gown from the French brand Jacquemus - which flashed considerable sideboob, while her flawless visage was painted by the pros at Charlotte Tilbury
Anitta was past the point of nip slip with her ensemble as she posed up a storm in a sheer mesh dress. The Brazilian singer, 30, put her ample breasts on full display in the floor length gown
Also daring to free the nipple was Florence, 28, who went braless in a sheer white gown with lace detailing
Another daring look came from Jodie Turner-Smith, 37, who ditched her lingerie to model a plunging black gown with a racy thigh high split
Heidi Klum, 50, also ensured her toned physique was on display in a figure-hugging, gold dress that contained various cutouts on the front 
One star who seemed concerned that her dress wasn't showing enough, however, was Saweetie, who went above and beyond to highlight her cleavage
Another rapper posing up a storm on the red carpet was Ice Spice, who put her hourglass curves on full display in a sheer lace gown 
Laverne Cox flashed underboob and her toned abs as she posed up a storm on the red carpet
Best Picture: Oppenheimer
Best Actress: Emma Stone - Poor Things
Best Actor: Cillian Murphy - Oppenheimer
Best Director: Christopher Nolan - Oppenheimer
Supporting Actress: Da'Vine Joy Randolph - The Holdovers
Supporting Actor: Robert Downey Jr. - Oppenheimer
Original Song: Billie Eilish and Finneas O'Connell - What Was I Made For? from Barbie
Seen left to right: Actor In A Supporting Role - Robert Downey Jr. (Oppenheimer), Actress In A Supporting Role - Da'Vine Joy Randolph (The Holdovers ), Actress In A Leading Role - Emma Stone (Poor Things), and Actor In A Leading Role - Cillian Murphy (Oppenheimer)
Original Score - Ludwig Göransson - Oppenheimer
Cinematography: Hoyte van Hoytema - Oppenheimer
Achievement in Film Editing: Jennifer Lame - Oppenheimer
Production Design: James Price and Shona Heath; Set Decoration: Zsuzsa Mihale - Poor Things
Make-up and Hairstyling: Nadia Stacey, Mark Coulier and Josh Weston - Poor Things
Achievement in Costume Design: Holly Waddington - Poor Things
Original Screenplay: Justine Triet and Arthur Harari - Anatomy Of A Fall
Adapted Screenplay: Cord Jefferson - American Fiction
International Feature Film - The Zone of Interest from United Kingdom
Oppenheimer won a whopping seven Oscars at Sunday night's Academy Awards - while rival Barbie only won one.
The big winners on the night were Christopher Nolan, Cillian Murphy, Emma Stone, Da'Vine Joy Randolph and Robert Downey Jr.
Oppenheimer won a whopping seven Oscars at Sunday night's Academy Awards, while Poor Things, The Holdovers, American Fiction, Anatomy of Fall and The Zone of Interest picked up big prizes
Meanwhile Emma Stone led Poor Things to an impressive four including her Best Actress win and UK film The Zone Of Interest won two at the gala event held at The Dolby Theatre in Hollywood, California. 
The historical epic directed by Christopher Nolan swept the major categories with wins for Best Actor Cillian Murphy, Best Supporting Actor Robert Downey Jr. and Nolan - with the film also winning Best Picture.
In contrast, Barbie, who memorably won against Oppenheimer in the 'Barbenheimer' box office showdown over the summer, walked away with just one award for Best Original Song for What Was I Made For? by Billie Eilish and Finneas McConnell. 
Downey Jr. jokingly thanked his 'terrible childhood' as he finally won an Oscar for his portrayal of Lewis Strauss, was delighted as he took to the stage -  after host Jimmy Kimmel made a very awkward quip about his drug use.
The veteran actor - who has acted for over five decades -  took home the Academy Award over stiff competition including Sterling K. Brown, American Fiction, Robert De Niro, Killers of the Flower Moon, Ryan Gosling, Barbie, and Mark Ruffalo, Poor Things.
Oppenheimer won seven awards in total - as well as Best Actor for Cillian Murphy, Best Supporting Actor, Best Director for Christopher Nolan, and Best Picture,  it won Original Score for Ludwig Göransson - along with cinematography and achievement in film editing.
Al Pacino announced Oppenheimer as the Best Picture winner without bothering to name all the other nominees.
Charli XCX went braless in a figure-hugging sheer lemon gown that highlighted her physique 
Iris Law (left) and Gabrielle Union teased at their fabulous figures beneath eye-catching silver gowns that clung to their toned physiques 
Charlize Theron looked sensational in a sheer gown that flashed her high waisted black briefs 
Rosie Huntington-Whiteley (left) and Adwoa Aboah gave photographers a cheeky glimpse of side boob in their high necked gowns 
Chrissy Teigen put her model figure on display as she went braless under a sheer gown 
After revealing she was expecting her first child, Vanessa Hudgens gave fans an up close look at her baby bump in a sheer black gown 
After the two films were released on the same day - July 21 - Barbenheimer gripped film fans who made an event out of going directly from the screening of one to the other. 
Barbie was the highest-grossing movie of the year on both the domestic ($636.2 million) and worldwide ($1.445 billion) box office charts.
Oppenheimer took fifth place ($326.1 million) on the domestic box office charts and third place ($957.8 million) on the worldwide charts.
Meanwhile Emma, 35, powered through a wardrobe malfunction as she beat out an impressive field including favorite Lily Gladstone from Killers Of The Flower Moon in addition to Annette Bening, Nyad, Sandra Huller, Anatomy of a Fall, and Carey Mulligan, Maestro.
As Emma was walking on stage she signaled that there was something wrong with her dress as she quickly acknowledged it during her emotional acceptance speech.
She said: 'Oh, boy. My dress is broken. I think it happened during I'm Just Ken. I'm pretty sure. Oh, boy, this is really -- this is really overwhelming. Sorry, I'm -- okay, my voice is also a little gone. Whatever.'
Da'Vine Joy Randolph emotionally kicked off the Oscars as she broke into tears as she earned the coveted Actress in a Supporting Role for The Holdovers.
The talented 37-year-old actress beat out stiff competition including Emily Blunt, Oppenheimer, Danielle Brooks, The Color Purple, America Ferrera, Barbie, and Jodie Foster, Nyad.
Alessandra Ambrosio opted for a wholly different vibe
 Best Picture
American Fiction
Anatomy of a Fall
Barbie
The Holdovers
Killers of the Flower Moon
Maestro
Oppenheimer - WINNER
Past Lives
Poor Things 
The Zone of Interest
Oppenheimer was the biggest winner of the night with seven including top honor Best Picture; Emma Thomas, Christopher Nolan, and Charles Roven are seen 
Best Director 
Justine Triet, Anatomy of a Fall
Martin Scorsese, Killers of the Flower Moon 
Christopher Nolan, Oppenheimer - WINNER
Yorgos Lanthimos, Poor Things
Jonathan Glazer, The Zone of Interest
Actress in a Leading Role
Annette Bening, Nyad
Lily Gladstone, Killers of the Flower Moon
Sandra Huller, Anatomy of a Fall
Carey Mulligan, Maestro
Emma Stone, Poor Things - WINNER
Emma Stone earned a shock win in the Actress in a Leading Role category for Poor Things
Actor in a Leading Role
Bradley Cooper, Maestro
Colman Domingo, Rustin
Paul Giamatti, The Holdovers
Cillian Murphy, Oppenheimer - WINNER
Jeffrey Wright, American Fiction
Actress in a Supporting Role
Emily Blunt, Oppenheimer
Danielle Brooks, The Color Purple
America Ferrera, Barbie
Jodie Foster, Nyad
Da’Vine Joy Randolph, The Holdovers - WINER 
Da’Vine Joy Randolph triumphed in the Actress in a Supporting Role category for The Holdovers 
Actor in a Supporting Role
Sterling K. Brown, American Fiction
Robert De Niro, Killers of the Flower Moon
Robert Downey Jr., Oppenheimer - WINNER
Ryan Gosling, Barbie
Mark Ruffalo, Poor Things 
Animated Feature Film
The Boy and the Heron - WINNER
Elemental
Nimona
Robot Dreams
Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse
Cinematography
El Conde
Killers of the Flower Moon
Maestro 
Oppenheimer, Hoyte van Hoytema - WINNER
Poor Things
Original Screenplay
Anatomy of a Fall, Justine Triet and Arthur Harari - WINNER 
The Holdovers, David Hemingson
Maestro, Bradley Cooper and Josh Singer
May December, Samy Burch (Story b Samy Burch & Alex Mechanik)
Past Lives, Celine Song
Adapted Screenplay
American Fiction, Cord Jefferson - WINNER
Barbie, Greta Gerwig & Noah Baumbach
Oppenheimer, Christopher Nolan
Poor Things, Tony McNamara
The Zone of Interest, Jonathan Glazer
Cord Jefferson won Adapted Screenplay for American Fiction
Achievement in Production Design
Barbie
Killers of the Flower Moon
Napoleon
Oppenheimer
Poor Things, Production Design: James Price and Shona Heath; Set Decoration: Zsuzsa Mihalek - WINNER
Achievement in Sound
The Creator
Maestro
Mission: Impossible - Dead Reckoning Part One
Oppenheimer
The Zone of Interest, Tarn Willers and Johnnie Burn - WINNER
Original Song 
'The Fire Inside' from Flamin' Hot
'I'm Just Ken' from Barbie
'It Never Went Away' from American Symphony
'Wahzhazhe (A Song for My People)' from Killers of the Flower Moon
'What Was I Made For?' from Barbie, Billie Eilish and Finneas O'Connell - WINNERS
Billie Eilish and Finneas O'Connell earned Original Song for Barbie's What Was I Made For?
Original Score  
American Fiction
Indiana Jones and the Dial of Destiny
Killers of the Flower Moon
Oppenheimer, Ludwig Göransson - WINNER
Poor Things
Live Action Short Film
The After
Invincible
Knight of Fortune
Red, White and Blue
The Wonderful Story of Henry Sugar, Wes Anderson and Steven Rales - WINNER
Animated Short Film
Letter to a Pig
95 Senses
Our Uniform
Pachyderme
WAR IS OVER! Inspired by the Music of John and Yoko - WINNER
WAR IS OVER! Inspired by the Music of John and Yoko won Animated Short Film; Dave Mullins and Brad Booker pictured 
Documentary Feature Film
Bobi Wine: The People's President
The Eternal Memory
Four Daughters
To Kill a Tiger
20 Days in Mariupol - WINNER
Documentary Short Film
The ABCs of Book Banning
The Barber of Little Rock
Island in Between
The Last Repair Shop - WINNER
Nǎi Nai and Wài Pó
International Feature Film
Io Capitano, Italy
Perfect Days, Japan
Society of the Snow, Spain
The Teachers' Lounge, Germany
The Zone of Interest, United Kingdom - WINNER
The Zone Of Interest took home two Oscars including International Feature Film; Jonathan Glazer and James Wilson are pictured 
Makeup and Hairstyling
Golda
Maestro
Oppenheimer
Poor Things, Nadia Stacey, Mark Coulier and Josh Weston - WINNER
Society of the Snow 
Achievement in Costume Design
Barbie
Killers of the Flower Moon
Napoleon
Oppenheimer
Poor Things, Holly Waddington - WINNER
Achievement in Film Editing
Anatomy of a Fall
The Holdovers
Killers of the Flower Moon
Oppenheimer, Jennifer Lame - WINNER
Poor Things 
Visual Effects
The Creator
Godzilla Minus One, Takashi Yamazaki, Kiyoko Shibuya, Masaki Takahashi and Tatsuji Nojima  - WINNER
Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3
Mission: Impossible - Dead Reckoning Part One
Napoleon
Godzilla Minus One won the Visual Effects award as Masaki Takahashi, Takashi Yamazaki, Kiyoko Shibuya and Tatsuji Nojima are pictured

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group