Ariana Grande first album in four years will be called “Eternal Sunshine” and arrives on March 8, the singer announced Wednesday morning via social media posts that include new photos from a recent album-themed session. Little more information about the album was revealed.

	The album’s first single and video, “Yes, And?,” dropped last Friday, both of which wear their influences proudly: The song is reminiscent of ’90s hits by Madonna (particularly “Vogue”) and Janet Jackson, and the video intentionally channels Paula Abdul’s 1988 clip for “Cold Hearted” — the buzz around the song was so strong on Friday that Abdul was trending on Twitter for much of the day. 

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					How Indie Film and Los Angeles Can Help Each Other		
			














	
		
					'House of the Dragon' Season 3 Casts Barry Sloane, Tom Cullen, Joplin Sibtain		
			








	“WOW! Waking up to see Ariana Grande pay homage to ‘Cold Hearted’ in her new music video ‘yes, and?’ was EVERYTHING!!!,” Abdul wrote on social media. “What an honor! What was your favorite part of the video? I love you, Ari!!!”




			Popular on Variety		





A post shared by Ariana Grande (@arianagrande)

	Grande officially announced the album, which she had been teasing for weeks on social media, on Dec. 27: “See you next year,” Grande wrote in the caption to a carousel of Instagram photos and videos. Tagging her producer Ilya Salmanzadeh, Republic Records and numerous others, Grande shared a variety of in-studio memories that vary in tone: a video of Grande’s mother dancing, a screenshot of a FaceTime call where she’s dancing, a photo of a warehouse (possibly a music video set?) and another photo shows her crying. 

	“The two moods of the album,” she wrote in her Instagram story. 

	The Grammy winner also included a video taken by someone who notes that it is “almost the last day of this album.” “I’m so tired,” she says in the clip. “But so happy and grateful. I also feel like I weigh 3,000 tons.

	Fans also received a care package from Grande with a photo of her red-tinted lips and red lipstick from her R.E.M. Beauty line with a handwritten note that repeated: “See you next year.”

	Aside from her entrepreneurial adventures, Grande has also had her hands full with her role in the upcoming “Wicked” film, due in November. Grande also recently signed with Brandon Creed and his new Good World Management firm, four months after sources confirmed that the singer had parted ways with longtime manager Scooter Braun. 

	










	She joins a roster that includes Demi Lovato, Troye Sivan, Charli XCX, Orville Peck, Mark Ronson and former Fifth Harmony singer Normani, the latter via a co-management deal with Lydia Asrat’s firm Q10.
A post shared by Ariana Grande (@arianagrande)
The Business of Entertainment