Things you buy through our links may earn Vox Media a commission.

              Save this article to read it later.
              






              Find this story in your account’s ‘Saved for Later’ section.
              





She must be ready to whistle, because Rachel Zegler is putting in work … to start this long-awaited press tour. Zegler made an appearance at D23 this year, where she introduced the first teaser trailer for Disney’s Snow White, a live-action adaptation of the 1937 animated classic Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs. Co-star Gal Gadot was also present at the event, teasing that her Evil Queen character is “evil” (duh), “magical” (also duh), and “delicious” (hmm). The movie has been sitting in time-out for a bit — it was originally slated for March 22, 2024 — but it looks like it’s finally time for some more promo. Here’s the latest on what we get to see in the trailer and first look, who’s in the cast and crew, and when it’s coming out.
Pretty much what you’d expect. The teaser opens with Zegler’s Snow White singing “Whistle While You Work” while surrounded by her CGI septet.  Gadot’s Evil Queen asks her mirror, mirror on the wall who’s the fairest of them all. And our newest live-action Disney princess reaches for an apple that we’re pretty sure is, as Charli XCX would say, rotten right to the core.
When Disney announced in October 2023 that Disney’s Snow White’s release date was being pushed by an entire year, it attempted to appease the masses by giving them something to salivate over: a first look at the film featuring Zegler in the iconic Snow White dress with the seven dwarfs surrounding her. It has a certain … uncanny-valley quality, it must be said. Was there a way to animate these dwarfs so they wouldn’t look so extremely unnatural and a little frightening? Is that a good reason for why this movie shouldn’t exist in the first place? Perhaps …
First look at Disney’s live-action ‘SNOW WHITE’ starring Rachel Zegler. In theaters March 21, 2025. pic.twitter.com/QEC6Oclans
Per Teen Vogue, the full cast also includes Andrew Burnap as Jonathan, Ansu Kabia as the Huntsman, Dujonna Gift as Maple, Martin Klebba as Grumpy, and Colin Michael Carmichael in an undisclosed role.
The film is directed by Marc Webb and produced by Marc Platt and Jared LeBoff, with Callum McDougall executive producing. It will also feature songs from the team of Pasek and Paul (Dear Evan Hansen), who we hope will write a line for it as good as this one from their earlier work Dogfight: “So some little prick with a knob for a dick is gonna get you down? Please.”
Disney’s Snow White was postponed until March 21, 2025, after originally being slated for March 22, 2024. Heigh-ho, heigh-ho, it’s off to 2025 we go!
Things you buy through our links may earn Vox Media a commission.
Have an Account?