As travellers are making the most of flying around the world, flight passengers are being reminded of the unwelcome return of long airport security queues.
The surge in passenger numbers is leading to increasing delays, causing anxiety and frustration for holidaymakers before they've even boarded their flights.
However, one travel insider has revealed knowing when security lines are busiest could be the key to a stress-free airport experience.
Dawn Morwood, a co-director of Cheap Deals Away UK, said: “Airport security isn’t actually as daunting as it used to be. With some preparation, timing and tools, you can avoid the stress of standing in massive queues or running late for your flight during peak busy periods.”
Morwood has shared her expertise in the travel industry to help travellers make sure their holiday goes as smoothly as possible. Especially when it comes to airport security lines.
  READ MORE:    European city with 'extreme pollution' named worst for air quality - full list  
To gauge potential crowds at security, start by reviewing flight schedules on the airport's website or app. Look for periods with multiple departures in quick succession, as these often lead to busier security lines.
“Pay special attention to international flights, which typically carry more passengers and can significantly impact wait times. Also, consider the day of the week; Mondays, Fridays, and holiday periods tend to be busier than midweek days,” advises Morwood.
Apps like MiFlight are a valuable resource, offering real-time data on security lines, and giving you a more comprehensive picture of what to expect.
The pro added: “Be sure to enable the most noticeable notifications on these apps. Real-time alerts can help you stay informed about any sudden changes in wait times or security conditions."
  Don't miss...     Duty-free tip that could save you up to £100 on flights  [TRAVEL]     Fury in France as new visa stops day-trippers from visiting the Channel Islands  [FRANCE]     European city among most walkable in the world is wine lover's haven  [EUROPE] 
We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy
Generally, early mornings, between 5am-8am, and late afternoons, between 4pm-7pm, are the busiest times at airport security.
Business travel often peaks on Monday mornings and Friday evenings, so expect longer waits during these periods. Holiday seasons and school breaks also lead to increased traffic, so factor these into your planning if applicable.
If available, book fast-track lanes at airports to skip long queues and get through security quickly. Prices vary and it’s advisable to book early due to limited availability.
However, keep in mind that this service does not guarantee immediate passage if unexpected delays occur.
Research whether there are any major conferences, sporting events, or concerts happening in the area you’re travelling to. These can potentially lead to longer security lines.
“Noticing everyone is in the same football shirt? Sporting event. Seeing a bunch of people in Charli XCX/Taylor Swift merch? Concert. Swathes of people in business suits? Business conference. These types of events can draw in a crowd and affect airport traffic, so being aware of these can help you plan better,” suggests Morwood.
Websites like FlightStats offer historical data on security wait times. This information can be particularly helpful if you're booking a flight far in advance and want to get a general idea of what to expect. While not a guarantee, historical trends can guide your planning and help you choose less busy travel times if your schedule is flexible.
She noted: "This one is for all the statistics lovers out there! Understanding past trends can give you a significant advantage when planning your travel."
Finally, Morwood added: “Travelling can be overwhelming, but with a little foresight, the stress of long airport security lines can be minimised. By checking flight schedules, using real-time tracking apps and avoiding peak travel times, you can better manage to start your journey on the right foot.
"Remember, being informed and prepared is your best tool when navigating the complexities of airport travel. It’s a given that you arrive earlier than you think you need to, especially if there are unexpected additional security measures and documentation checks.
"You could even call the airport directly to help plan your journey better. If they answer, this could save you a lot of time and stress, especially if you're in a hurry.
“Not everything goes right on a flight, you may have forgotten to pack sunscreen or left your favourite pen in the departures lounge. But one thing’s for sure: you’ll be equipped to take on airport security lines.”
SEARCH
CONNECT WITH US
TODAY'S PAPER
 See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive.
EXPRESS.CO.UK
Daily Express uses notifications to keep you updated