The Collins Word of the Year 2024 has been revealed and it’s one that relates to a popular trend that took over social media this summer.


  Brat, a term most recently adopted by British singer Charli XCX, is the Collins Word of the Year for 2024.


  The music star, real name Charlotte Aitchison, sent TikTok into a spiral earlier this year when her sixth studio album titled Brat inspired a trend that became a lifestyle, rather than just an aesthetic.


  Brat was redefined as being “characterised by a confident, independent, and hedonistic attitude” and rapidly became the aesthetic movement of the summer, the dictionary said.


  The movement became about embodying self-love, positive body image and sultry style choices.


  It marked a sharp departure from the preceding “clean girl” trend which promoted things such as yoga, early nights and slicked-back hair.


  Lexicographers at Collins Dictionary put “brat” at the top of the list after looking at media sources, including social media, because the term has been “embraced so widely”.


  The dictionary said the phrase had become “one of the most talked about words of 2024”.


  Another word on the list which highlights the role of female musicians shaping popular culture is “era”.


  This was inspired by Taylor Swift’s billion-dollar Eras Tour which takes fans through her back catalogue.


  The dictionary described it as “a period of one’s life or career that is of a distinctive character”.


  Other words which feature on the list include “yapping” which refers to talking at length, especially about an inconsequential matter and “delulu”, meaning utterly mistaken or unrealistic in one’s ideas or expectations.


Recommended reading:


  Also part of the list is “rawdogging” which follows a TikTok trend where people post videos of themselves spending long-haul flights doing nothing other than staring at the seat in front of them.


  Alex Beecroft, managing director of Collins, said: “With many of this year’s notable words being popularised by generations Z and Alpha, we can confidently say this is the most ‘brat’ Word of the Year list ever.”


  The lexicographers at Collins Dictionary monitor their 20-billion-word database to create the annual list of new and notable words that reflect our ever-evolving language and the preoccupations of those who use it.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.