Billie Eilish recently sat down with Complex to reflect on her career and revel in the prospect of a future collaboration with Rihanna.
Earlier this year, whilst speaking to Access Hollywood, Rihanna revealed that Billie Eilish was her dream collaborator. "In my mind she doesn’t listen to commercial music. I feel like she’s just creating her diary vocally. You can feel like she’s just zoned into who she is and what she’s experiencing and what she’s feeling."
Billie Eilish initially thought the comment was manipulated by AI. After realising they were, in fact, actual words coming out of Rihanna's mouth, she then shared that, whilst she's never directly answered the question in interviews, Rihanna is also her dream collaboration – "She's literally my idol. She's the greatest of all time."
Billie stuns for @complex magazine! : https://t.co/gh7t5jHNec pic.twitter.com/fWexTKnkCi
"I've never heard from her and I've never had any interaction with her, so why would I have ever even thought about it," Billie Eilish added, about how supposedly far-fetched or attainable of an idea it would be. "Then she said, 'If only I could work with Billie'. I was like, 'Well, bitch, I've been sitting here this whole time!' What the fuck is she even talking about? Honestly. What do you mean, 'If only?!' It's as if I've been saying, 'No'. Rihanna! Riri!? I'll literally do anything you want".
Speaking about her collaboration with Charli xcx on "Guess", and how she normally likes to work with other artists, she added: "Finneas and I just sat in the studio and wrote that. It was my dream. My dream collab, aside from whatever Rihanna wants, is not having to have any contact with anybody. Even if it's somebody I'm super close to. Even people that I love deeply as artists, if we wanted to work together, I'd be like, “Cool, you go home. I'll make something alone. You make something alone. Then we'll send it and then work on it separately.”
HIT ME HARD AND SOFT is out now.
Get the Best Fit take on the week in music direct to your inbox every Friday