ICYMI: it's brat summer, and we're just living in it. While the summer of 2023 belonged to "Barbie" and Taylor Swift, the internet has unanimously marked 2024 as a "brat summer." Inspired by Charli XCX's latest album, "Brat," this trend is shaping up to be a huge pop-culture moment, with its distinctive aesthetics alone having a separate fan base. If your social media feed is full of slime-green color schemes and endless memes featuring edgy one-liners in the signature slightly-blurred Arial font, you have this trend to thank. With many people hoping on the bandwagon, you might be wondering where to start. Well, your wardrobe appears to be the most obvious answer. But for those who want to ease into this decidedly chaotic theme by incorporating it into your daily look (without the hassle of putting together an outfit from scratch), brat nails are a more accessible way to join in.
The ubiquitous brat trend essentially boils down to something (or someone) that unabashedly embraces their rawness and honesty and revels in the authentic messiness of it all, outright rejecting the polished image often curated on social media. So, when it comes to translating that unrestrained energy into your nail art, as one can imagine, the sky's the limit. Whether you're gearing up for a girls' night out or simply want to add a pop of personality to your everyday look, brat green offers a unique and stylish alternative to classic, often pared-down nail colors. This particular trendsetting shade of green nails is vibrant, edgy, and highly versatile and is perfect for creating statement-worthy, bold, and refreshing nail ideas. 
From popular sophisticated nail trends that boast a glossy finish, such as the glazed-doughnut nails, to matte looks with a cool, understated edge, there are brat green nail ideas to suit every taste and occasion. Scroll on for 25 of our favorite brat nails to channel your inner rebel and embrace the trend with flair. 
This nail art combines black and green nail polish to create a striking look, with the word "Brat" inscribed in the signature Arial font.

If you find yourself unable to stop humming the song "Apple" like the rest of us, consider getting this nail design to perfectly capture the essence of the Brat summer in the form of your nail art. 

Recreate the translucent feel of the jelly nails with a brat twist by adding a textured coating on top. It gives them an ethereal touch.

Lean into the extravagance of the brat aesthetic with these acrylic nails that feature everything from a trendy metallic bow to crystals with a lustrous finish. 
Adding neon green flames on top of a solid black base really makes your nail art stand out, which, in our opinion, is so brat. 
This abstract nail art features a thin neon green strip around the edge of your nail shape  — think: a combination of reverse french nails with baby french tips — with a swirling pattern in the middle.
These deep french tips accentuated by the neon green paint are a perfect Y2K-inspired design.

These brat nails have a simplistic look with a matte finish for those who want to try a subtle, non-glossy option for this nail trend. 
Add a touch of grandeur to your brat nails by adding a golden accent ring atop them for an ultra-chic look.

Create eye-catching nail art using a glittery, neon green coat as a base with a dark-colored shade (such as purple and brown) to make mesmerizingly thin waves on top.

While the brat trend is all about a bold, over-the-top aesthetic, this nail art takes a subtle approach by incorporating pastel green nail paint and zebra print. 
This nail art boasts a brat-inspired take on the aura nails, with neon green nail paint creating a perfect dreamy look against the black base. 
The french manicure has many iterations that can inspire dozens of sets. This one blends the regular version with the inverted french for a minimalistic appearance. 
The beauty of brat nails is that you can mix and match the signature green shade with any other hue of your choice to create a unique nail design that suits your style. 

Minimalists will appreciate this minimalist nail-art design, featuring a thin vertical line in green that runs along the middle and extends over the edges on both sides.

The gleaming finish of these green chrome nails is perfect for a festive look without being too elaborate. 

These brat nails feature a black-and-white checkered pattern in a half-french style, accented with a double french tip in neon green and bright lemon yellow shades.

This stunning manicure presents a twist on the brat trend by incorporating its signature neon green hue over a milky-bath base. 
If you don't want to go all in with the neon green nail paint, this is an excellent way to add the luminous green glitter over one nail.
These nails have french tips in neon green paint, with the rest of the nails coated in glossy clear gel. Together they spell the "360" lyric, "I'm so Julia."

You can experiment with different geometrical or abstract patterns using nail stamps to give your brat nails a whimsical touch. 

The glazed-doughnut trend adds a subtle sheen to these green brat nails that we love. 
You can opt for one accent nail adorned with rhinestones to complement the bold green nails, making them instantly stand out.
Double up on trends by meshing up your brat green neon nails with the uber-elegant milk-bath nails. 
Inject some freshness into your Brat mani by adding tiny floral accents to alternative nails with a neutral base.

Ina Bansal is a contributor at PS, where she writes for the Beauty vertical.