By 

	Jazz Tangcay

Artisans Editor

	This is Michelle Visage’s house now.

	“Drag Race Down Under” is back, and for the first time in “Drag Race” history, Emmy winner Visage, who has been a judge on “RuPaul’s Drag Race” and “RuPaul‘s Drag Race: U.K.,” will step onto the main stage and host the fourth season of the Australian version.

	In a statement to Variety, Visage said, “Ohhhhh Babies, I am buzzing with excitement for season 4 of ‘Drag Race Down Under.’ The talent this year is unreal, and I’m so proud of these incredible Australasian queens. It’s so important for the world to see the diversity and creativity of drag in this region—it’s more than just entertainment, it’s a movement. These queens are putting Aussie and Kiwi drag on the global stage where it belongs, and trust me, they are ready to slay!”

	










			Popular on Variety		







	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					How Indie Film and Los Angeles Can Help Each Other		
			














	
		
					MasterClass Is 50% Off With This Spring Deal -- The Cheapest We've Seen It All Year		
			








	Comedian Rhys Nicholson will be joining Visage, returning to the main judging panel. As previously announced, the show will feature a new judging twist: Visage and Nicholson will be joined on the main stage by a rotating cast of “Down Under” drag royalty. It will be the first time “Down Under” queens have been enlisted for their expertise to mentor the new cast of fierce local queens vying for the crown.

	Ten new queens from Australia and New Zealand will compete for a cash prize and the title of “Down Under’s Next Drag Superstar.”

	The brand new season will air Nov. 1 on WOW Presents Plus in the US and New Zealand, day and date with its local airing on Stan in Australia. Meet the queens below.

Brenda Bressed

	Hailing from Melbourne, Bressed has a background in musical theater and is considered to be one of the most polished queens on the Melbourne scene. In 2023, Bressed appeared as one of the finalists on ‘The Voice Australia’ belonging to Rita Ora’s team, and has since garnered quite the following. Bressed considers Dolly Parton as a key drag inspiration, in awe of her fashion, wigs, musical talent and charity work.

Freya Armani

	Armani started drag in 2019 and has found herself to be booked and blessed ever since, working as a regular at all the biggest gay clubs up and down the Gold Coast. She belongs to the Drag Haus of Thicc, a POC collective in Brisbane and is passionate about innovation and diversity in the industry. 

	










Karna Ford

	The stylish and sassy Karna Ford can be found jumping off stages and doing the splits. Ford is one of the newer queens to the drag scene. She has quickly become well known with a recent highlight being winning Sydney’s Slay 2 Stay competition. Ford performed at the opening ceremony for Sydney World Pride and recently appeared on “NCIS Sydney.” She is excited to incorporate more of her Filipino culture into her performances.

Lazy Susan

	Lazy Susan is renowned for her zany sense of humor and kooky drag aesthetic. Her most recent achievements include performing with Charli XCX, appearing in a Troye Sivan music video and selling out at Melbourne comedy festival. She has a large online following and has appeared on “Kick Ons with Art Simone.”

Lucina Innocence

	Lucina Innocence stands at 6ft 7″ in drag and  has spent the last seven years building up her reputation. She is known for her wig styling ability – with some of her work appearing on drag race alumni Yuri Guy and Flor. She can make own garments and is known for her live singing performances.

Mandy Moobs

	Mandy Moobs offers the most polished looks. Known as the ‘mum’ of Brisbane, Moobs has been nominated for Best Drag Artist three years in a row and represented Australia at the NZ Pride Ski week last year.

Max Drag Queen

	Max Drag Queen is known for pulling out all the stunts on stage. Max Drag Queen belongs to the Isis Avis Loren Dynasty, and has previously won Best New Talent at the Melbourne’s Drag Awards, and won countless drag competitions such as Dragathon. 

Nikita Iman

	Nikita Iman was born in the ballroom where she won her first category, “FACE” – which is exactly what she’ll be serving in the competition. After getting a taste of drag, Iman ventured out to explore the Auckland club scene and has been unstoppable ever since. 

Olivia Dreams

	Olivia Dreams is an up-and-coming drag queen on the Wellington scene.  Her biggest achievement so far is producing her own drag show that toured nationwide. Originally from Te Tai Tokerau and of Te Rarawa descent, she has been calling Te-Whanganui-a-Tara home for the last four years and aims to ensure that Rainbow Wellington is inclusive and supports diverse rainbow and disability communities.

	










Vybe

	Vybe is no stranger to the Sydney drag scene – she has 13 years and counting.  Vybe is a polished queen with a killer sense of humor. A regular host at Universal, Stonewall and Arq Sydney, she has performed at major venues, festivals, parties and the Mardi Gras After Party numerous times over the years, as well as working with high profile companies including Qantas, Disney and Playstation.
The Business of Entertainment