Manage your account
TAMPA, Fla. (WFLA) — Congresswoman Kathy Castor (D-Tampa) is “thrilled” that Kamala Harris selected Minnesota Gov. Tim Walz as her running mate, calling the governor “fearless” and a “champion for working Americans.”
“I was elected with Tim Walz to the U.S. House of Representatives in 2006 and served with him for 12 years,” Castor said in a statement. “He is a fearless leader for veterans, students, teachers and military families. For a community like Tampa Bay that is rich with veterans and military families, Walz’s service as a Command Sergeant Major in the Army National Guard who went to college on the GI Bill will be inspiring.”
 Republicans kick off Walz attacks with focus on George Floyd protests 
Castor pointed to Walz leading Democrats in passing the GI Bill for post-9/11 service members.
“Gov. Walz also is a champion for working Americans,” she said. “He fights and delivers for working families so they can get ahead. We can count on Tim to stand up for our fundamental freedoms. As governor, Minnesota became the first state to guarantee reproductive rights for women after Trump-appointed justices on the Supreme Court overturned Roe v. Wade.”
JD Vance, who was chosen as the running mate for former President Donald Trump, reacted to the selection by saying Walz “highlights how radical” Harris is.
Senator Lindsey Graham (R-SC) called Walz “weird and dumb,” attempting to turn around a word that Walz used to describe Trump and Vance, which spread rapidly across social media and has been embraced by the Democratic Party.
Castor called Walz a friend and said she looks forward to seeing him “bring the same passion and fight” that she saw as his colleague.
 Some Democratic backers of Josh Shapiro see a missed chance for a Jewish vice president 
“There’s so much at stake in this election and I will do everything I can to elect Kamala Harris and Tim Walz this November,” she wrote.
Labeled “the cool dad” online, news that Walz would be the Democratic running mate ignited a stream of online memes, including one with the caption, “To the window to the Walz,” a reference to the hit 2003 rap song “Get Low” by Lil Jon and the East Side Boyz. On TikTok, users created 60-second montages of Walz talking about the phenomenon of the new Charli XCX album Brat, which he says his young daughter helped explain to him, mixed with footage of him lambasting GOP vice presidential nominee Sen. JD Vance for his comments on “childless cat ladies.”
“Go ahead and continue to denigrate people. Go ahead. My God, they went after cat people. Good luck with that,” Walz says in a MSNBC clip that has more than 150,000 likes on TikTok. “Turn on the internet. See what cat people do when you go after them.”
Donald Trump sent a fundraising email calling Walz “Dangerously Liberal” and saying he would “unleash HELL ON EARTH.”
Moments after Harris’ VP pick became public, the former president and Republican nominee said Walz would be the worst vice president in history, claiming the Minnesota governor would “light TRILLIONS of dollars on fire” and open U.S. borders to criminals.
Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis called it the “most left-wing ticket in American history” and accused Walz of not doing enough to protect Minnesota during the 2020 protests over the killing of George Floyd.
Walz was born in West Point, Nebraska, a community of about 3,500 people northwest of Omaha, Walz joined the Army National Guard and became a teacher in Nebraska.
 Harris and Minnesota Gov. Tim Walz will debut as the 2024 Democratic ticket at a Philadelphia rally 
He and his wife moved to Mankato in southern Minnesota in the 1990s. That’s where he taught social studies and coached football at Mankato West High School, including for the 1999 team that won the first of the school’s four state championships. He still points to his union membership there.
Walz served 24 years in the Army National Guard before retiring from a field artillery battalion in 2005 as a command sergeant major, one of the military’s highest enlisted ranks.
During six terms in the U.S. House, Walz championed veterans’ issues.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Copyright 2024 Nexstar Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
 For the latest news, weather, sports, and streaming video, head to WFLA.