By 

	Larisha Paul


	Last week, Azealia Banks threatened legal action against the 1975 frontman Matty Healy after he threatened to slap her in a heated exchange on X (formerly Twitter). She later stated in a post that the musician had “been in my DM apologizing and begging me not to sue,” but a newly-filed cease-and-desist letter proves that his efforts in persuading her were unsuccessful. Banks is seeking $1 million in damages as well as a public apology.

	“Your attacks against my client’s professional reputation, your overt racial epithets, and your most recent threats of physical violence against my client have been well-documented since you published them worldwide online,” reads the letter, which Banks published to X on Sunday. It goes on to acknowledge that Healy deleted his posts that threatened violence against Banks, but adds: “Your acknowledgement that your reaction was inappropriate does not undo the damage, but rather constitutes evidence of an admission of guilt by you.”

	The online spar began when Banks openly criticized Charli XCX — who is engaged to the 1975 drummer George Daniel — in one of her signature tirades. Healy interjected to defend the singer, but underestimated the lengths at which Banks would be willing to escalate the exchange. With dozens of posts shared between them, the feud found Healy threatening to “slap you so hard I’ll get a Guinness world record for the highest a rat some bitch calls a wig has ever flown.” It also found Banks citing Healy’s history with drug addiction and taking aim at his physical health, among other criticisms.

	










	The cease-and-desist letter claims that Healy intentionally caused Banks to become “shocked, distressed, and emotionally injured” through “cyber harassment and cyber bullying.” It also alleges slander, libel, and business defamation. During the post storm, Banks stated that she had been “awake for two days,” adding that the exchange had caused “severe emotional distress” with physical effects including shortness of breath, muscle tension, and migraines. 





	
		Editor’s picks
	
	











	
	
		
					The 100 Best TV Episodes of All Time		
	














	
	
		
					The 250 Greatest Albums of the 21st Century So Far		
	














	
	
		
					The 500 Greatest Albums of All Time		
	














	
	
		
					The 200 Greatest Singers of All Time		
	








	Healy has since deleted his account on X, but published a lengthy acknowledgment of his “self-destructive” tendencies in a Reddit post. The musician stated that he was embarrassed by his actions and connected his response to his history with addiction and depression. “I have worked so hard to move past these impulsive self-destructive and honestly quite volatile outbursts I have,” he wrote. “I’m constantly making trouble for myself for no reason, I come back to social media after depressive episodes (which is NOT an excuse) because I often become sober, so as an addict when I’m not using I pick up social media my new way of ‘consuming’ and changing how I feel.” 

	











	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	









	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	








	In the letter, Banks’ legal representative, Wallace Collins, states that Banks “will be forced to commence legal action immediately and seek substantial monetary damage as well as legal fees” should both parties not reach an amicable settlement outside of court. It is also noted that the document “is not intended to be a complete statement of the facts or law relevant,” despite serving as a basis for the summons and complaint the attorney mentioned would be drafted. 

	Banks limited the ability for replies on her posts that contain screenshots of the letter. She has not posted about the exchange with Healy since.
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.