While the Academy Awards are a formal affair, after-parties such as the annual Vanity Fair Oscar Party allow stars to experiment with bolder looks.
This year, stars including Florence Pugh, Vanessa Hudgens, Paris Hilton, and Ice Spice chose sheer skirts, exposed underwear, and see-through tops.
Here are some of the most jaw-dropping sheer looks from the 2024 Vanity Fair Oscar Party red carpet.
Brunson, whose sitcom "Abbott Elementary" received the coveted post-Oscars slot on ABC, wore a sheer silver gown with a flowing train designed by Marc Bouwer.
Teigen's metallic dress looked like it was made of silver leaves draped over her body. The look was designed by Oscar de la Renta.
This Sabina Bilenko look featured a corset and sheer skirt with jewels through the train.
She accessorized with a thick diamond choker.
This sheer cream-colored dress is just the latest in a long line of see-through looks Pugh has worn on the red carpet.
Pugh's Jean Paul Gaultier dress featured a peplum skirt and a mesh top with lace detailing across the bodice.
Even her Christian Louboutin stilettos were see-through.
Hudgens, who revealed she was pregnant with her first child earlier on the Oscars red carpet, changed into a more daring look for the after-party.
Alberta Ferretti designed Hudgens' sheer gown.
Fresh off her best new artist win at the 2024 Grammys, Monét walked the red carpet in a strapless gown that featured an illusion fan-shaped neckline and gold flowers on the skirt.
The Brazilian musician left little to the imagination with this dress, which was also backless.
The "Speed Drive" singer always shows up to a red carpet in something bold, and the Vanity Fair Oscar Party was no exception.
Theron's look, which was designed by Christian Dior, featured bejeweled flowers.
Shipp, who appeared in best picture nominee "Barbie," wore a sheer Mônot dress, which had two panels covered with crystals.
The "Karma" rapper's look was typically bold, as she chose a completely sheer gown to attend the Vanity Fair Oscar Party.
Amid news that her husband, Russell Wilson, will be signing with the Pittsburgh Steelers, his wife wore this ruched mermaid gown with sheer panels.
Carpenter went straight from the Eras Tour in Singapore to the Vanity Fair Oscar Party red carpet.
She wore a snakeskin-patterned Tory Burch dress with a see-through skirt.
Bailey's turtleneck dress featured a lace design throughout and white stitching on the sleeves.
Sánchez, the fiancée of Jeff Bezos, wore a red gown that featured a long train, a plunging neckline, and a semi-sheer skirt designed by Lever Couture. 
Jump to