Apple Music picked its 100 Best Albums earlier this year. But it seems the digital celebration was only part of the story. Apple Music has announced that it’s publishing a new hardcover book to commemorate the album list. Here’s the kicker: it will set you back $450.
Apple Music has partnered with Assouline to produce the new limited-run book.
The new book will be limited to 1,500 copies, and it’s available for pre-order now. It’s expected to ship by November 29.
A celebration of Apple Music’s inaugural list of the greatest records ever made, Apple Music: 100 Best Albums is a lasting companion piece to the digital initiative, which launched on the streaming service in 2024. With a release limited to 1,500 copies, the books are housed in sleek, transparent acrylic slipcases, each individually etched with its edition number. Inside, readers will find the featured albums, selected by Apple Music’s team of experts alongside an exclusive group of artists including Maren Morris, Pharrell Williams, J Balvin, Charli XCX, Mark Hoppus, Honey Dijon, and Nia Archives, as well as songwriters, producers, and industry professionals. The list is a wholly editorial statement that does not fit any neatly defined criteria—and is fully independent of any streaming numbers. In effect, it’s a love letter to the records that have shaped the world music lovers live and listen in.
That $450 price tag might be substantial, but the very small print run makes this a collector’s item rather than your standard coffee table book fare.
Most of Apple’s top music is only top music because they have a paid partnership to market the artist, generally at the height of their career, to boost interest in Apple Music. Nothing about any Apple Music list is special in any way. Might as well press a list of suppliers into a fancy coffee table book while you’re at it. 
In its announcement post on X, Apple Music has a video showing a quick flip through of the book.
Some other tidbits about the book:
Back in 2016, Apple released a similar collector’s item book: Designed by Apple in California. It came in two sizes for either $199 or $299. The prices earned a lot of criticism back then, so expect a similar reception to Apple Music’s new book.
Are you interested in ordering the new 100 Best Albums book? Let us know in the comments.
FTC: We use income earning auto affiliate links. More.
Check out 9to5Mac on YouTube for more Apple news:
Apple Music is a streaming service that includes…
Ryan got his start in journalism as an Editor at MacStories, where he worked for four years covering Apple news, writing app reviews, and more. For two years he co-hosted the Adapt podcast on Relay FM, which focused entirely on the iPad. As a result, it should come as no surprise that his favorite Apple device is the iPad Pro.