All products featured on Glamour are independently selected by our editors. However, we may receive compensation from retailers and/or from purchases of products through these links.
Brat green is officially in vogue. The “ugly” shade is a trend that was set in motion by the singer Charli XCX, whose new album Brat was brought to life by a specific shade of slime green, which meant it would only be a matter of time before the mood reached our fingertips.
From Vogue World: Paris to Main Street, the nail world is swapping blueberry milk, butter yellow—and any number of other ice cream pastels typically associated with summer—for brat green. Not quite neon, the lime shade is more eye-catching than emerald and khaki, and is ever so slightly off…even a bit ugly. Which is exactly why it’s so compelling.
Manicurist Eri Narita was behind the brat-green French tips seen at Vogue World; she revealed that her initial inspiration was the greens found in and around a tennis court, from the grass to the balls. She also added a 3D “V” on models’ ring fingers, ensuring the nails looked elevated and chic.
Elsewhere, the pregnant model and British Vogue cover girl Adwoa Aboah added a brat-green manicure to her leopard-print ensemble for her baby shower. Worn as a block color on short nails, Aboah's statement shade was unmissable as she caressed her bump. Hailey Bieber is also a fan, having tried glow-in-the-dark green in the past.
The trend isn’t only for daring, alternative dressers. Even those manicurists who are famous for their clean-girl aesthetic have experimented with the look—Georgia Rae recently posted brat-green French tips on her feed.
Whether you choose to wear it as an allover shade or as part of a more intricate look (we love Imarni’s snakeskin bubble technique), summer 2024 is all about experimenting with this unexpected color. In our opinion, the slimier the better.
Amazon
Amazon
This article first appeared on British Vogue.
More from Glamour
See More Stories & Guides
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Glamour may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices