This half term, Manchester has been invaded by a collection of inflatable monsters. Taking over the rooftops of some of Manchester's most well-known buildings and landmarks, 16 giant monsters have taken residence at venues including The Arndale, the AO Arena and Mayfield Park.
The spooktacular installations are part of Halloween in the City organised by Manchester BID and CityCo, and they've gone to town with this year's ghoulish ensemble. As well as the monster trail, this weekend the city will host a number of family-friendly events.
This year, new monsters, created by artists Filthy Luker and Pedro Estrellas, will take over the city’s streets, including Wibbly Wobbly Williams at AO Arena and Hellvis at Manchester Arndale. Music venue New Century will also be welcoming not Miss Americana herself but Wailor Swift, while Medlocktopus will be making an even bigger splash as this slippery monster heads to Mayfield Park.
READ MORE: Things to do with the kids in and around Manchester this October half term and Halloween 2024
If you're on the lookout for all 16, there's an official map (below) to help you track down each and every one. It's hard to miss their bulging eyes, spindly tentacles and spiky teeth, but make sure to keep tabs on Harry & Gordon at Selfridges and Ooey and Gooey at Exchange Square too.
Other thrilling highlights include Emmeline Planthurst at National Trust, Castlefield Viaduct (10am – 5pm), Liam & Noel at The Royal Exchange Manchester, and the terrifying Horrible Harvey at Harvey Nichols, on New Cathedral Street.
The monsters have put Manchester on the map as the go-to destination for Halloween and are ready to crawl their way back into the city from Friday 25 - Thursday 31 October. The trail is free and you can download the map below or here.
And, as well as the monster takeover, families can head into Manchester city centre this weekend to get involved in a two-day Halloween festival.
Held over the weekend of Saturday, October 26 and Sunday, October 27, Halloween in the City will feature a ‘massive monster music festival’, as well as a fancy-dress challenge and a ‘hair-raising’ monster procession.
This year a brand-new monster is set to be unleashed upon the city: The Leech. Produced by Walk the Plank, it stretches eight metres long and will be seen dancing around in St Ann's Square.
Families are also encouraged to come to the city dressed in their “most spooktacular” and play games in the Team Trick v Team Treat challenge. Grab a wristband, pick a side and win points for your team. Each day, the most menacing team will be announced at 4pm, on the Main Stage.
Taking over various locations across the city centre, the giant colourful, inflatable monsters are already starting to make their presence known in the city in what will be their biggest invasion to date, ready for this weekend’s annual Halloween in the City celebrations.
Below are all the names of the monsters, their locations and a map to help you make your way around the city.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.