By
			
			Michelle K Alejandro		

Stacy Snyder from Love Is Blind is both thrilled and nervous about sharing her new relationship status. The reality TV alum is very happy though and that’s what matters in the end.
It looks like she’s discovered more about herself since her stint on the reality dating show about finding love without seeing one another. Stacy joined Season 5 of the show which aired last year. She got engaged to Izzy Zapata after the pods, but called it off at the altar.
A post shared by Stacy Snyder (@stacyrenae926)
Now it looks like Stacy has found happiness elsewhere and made a bold statement about that fact to her friends and followers on social media.
She shared a video on her Instagram of herself at a wine bar with the background music of Charli XCX and Billie Eilish’s recent collab, Guess. In the clip, she’s looking around as if looking for someone. At the same time, she’s sharing snippets of rumors that have surfaced about her love life.
The text read, “She’s single again. She’s got a boyfriend. She’s irrelevant.”
And then, another woman enters the video to kiss Snyder. The clip ends with the text “She’s happy.”
“Surprise! #[rainbow emoji],” she captioned the video. It was a hard launch of her new relationship and of her discovering new parts of her, which wasn’t always easy to admit.
She later admitted in her stories that she was “scared s**tless” to come out as a part of the LGBTQIA+ community. But fortunately, despite a questionable comment here and there, fans have been kind and positive after her reveal. 
According to her, the kindness left her speechless.
“I was fully expecting hate, a lot of it. I always get a lot of hate, and I’m like, ‘Is it the algorithm or it’s just like ‘Hate Stacy?’ But it was a really nice, a freaking nice change, so thank you.” 
But of course, Stacy couldn’t escape a little snark from fans. One commenter asked, “Does she have good credit?” Welp.
Love Is Blind is available to stream on Netflix.
TELL US – WOULD YOU WANT TO SEE MORE OF STACY SNYDER ON REALITY TV, PERHAPS ALONGSIDE HER GIRLFRIEND?
Michelle has been writing professionally for over a decade. She loves all things lifestyle, pop culture, and reality TV. When she's not working, she's watching Traitors, Love is Blind, and Love Island with a big bowl of popcorn.
Share article