There's yet more speculation over a potential headline act for next year's Glastonbury Festival ahead of organisers announcing the full line-up for the five-day festival in 2025.
Fans will descend on Worthy Farm in Somerset from June 25 to 29 next year for the occasion. Rod Stewart is the only confirmed act so far, with him set to return to Glastonbury to perform in the 'legends' slot on the Sunday afternoon.
Rumours over other acts who could appear at the festival have circulated in recent weeks though. There's now speculation that electronic duo Basement Jaxx may be part of the line-up when it's eventually announced by organisers.
The duo - consisting of Felix Buxton and Simon Ratcliffe - have a gap in their tour schedule between their gig in Dublin on June 25 and a concert in Exeter on July 4 next year. It has fuelled rumours that they could be doing Glastonbury.
Basement Jaxx - known for songs like Red Alert and Romeo - previously headlined the festival in 2005. They replaced Kylie Minogue in the line-up that year, with her having pulled out after being diagnosed with breast cancer.
Teasing over the prospect of the duo headlining the festival again next year, alongside a photo of their tour schedule one fan began a thread on Reddit just days ago by asking: "Anyone think Basement Jaxx might be feasible?" Someone replied: "Pretty likely I'd say! Could deffo see them headlining the West Holts [stage]."
A third fan wrote: "Yeah a West Holts headline set feels very on the cards for them." Another said: "Doing lots of other shows and festivals over the summer so probably likely." A fifth wrote: "At this stage I would actually put money on this."
Sharing their thoughts, one person said: "Former headliners, touring for the first time in a decade, nothing over Glasto weekend and no appearances that would conflict with it contractually. If they're not headlining West Holts I'd be shocked."
It was announced last month that Rod will perform at Glastonbury next year, returning to the festival after a more than 20 year absence. He is currently the only act officially announced by organisers as part of the line-up.
More recently, Nile Rodgers announced that he will perform at the festival next year too. There's also been speculation that Stevie Wonder could headline the Pyramid Stage and that Neil Young will perform on the same stage. A host of other names are rumoured for the line-up too, including there having been speculation recently that Chappell Roan, Olivia Rodrigo and Charli XCX have signed up for the festival.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.