That’s half a year in the books. Mad, right? But, fret not, that just means it’s time to look forward to all the fun, noise and chaos accompanying the biggest, best tours still to come in 2024. You’ve got pop megastars new and old, rock legends, rock innovators and hip-hop royalty all set to land in the UK and Ireland before Santa packs his sleigh (it’s July, I know). Dig in below as we run through a handy list of what’s on offer in the next six months.
July
Brian Johnson is back in AC/DC and d’you know what that means? ROCK. It was fun when it was Axl Rose doing the rocking out front, sure, but this feels familiar and comforting, like an old school uniform you still wear when you see your pals. Or when you’re playing two shows at Wembley Stadium and another at Croke Park in Dublin as part of a massive European tour. The band’s Power Up Tour is already underway and after touching down in London it’ll head to Germany, Slovakia, Belgium and France before swinging through Ireland. ROCK!
If something a little more sedate floats your boat, then Hozier could be the one for you. Supporting his ‘Unreal Unearth’ record, the Irish singer-songwriter will headline Dublin’s Marlay Park on July 5, Finsbury Park in London on July 7, Chepstow Racecourse on July 9 and Glasgow Green on July 10, with a vibrant supporting bill boasting sets from Brittany Howard and Lord Huron. 
Also in July: Travis Scott, The National, Catfish and the Bottlemen, Courteeners, Michael Bolton, Idles, Garbage, Alkaline Trio, Anne Marie, Bloc Party 
August
Things are moving in the Piano Man’s camp. We’ve had new music and some massive US shows — support from Stevie Nicks, Sting, and Rod Stewart, so pretty hench — either side of wrapping up his mind-boggling Madison Square Garden residency, but Billy Joel’s European engagements this summer are more exclusive. He’ll play one show at Cardiff’s Principality Stadium on August 9. That’s it. That’s your chance to see him. 
If, though, your tastes are more closely attuned to seven string guitars, tracksuits and dudes shouting ‘GO!’ before a world-ending mosh part, then you should get yourself down to Scarborough’s Open Air Theatre on August 8 and the Piece Hall in Halifax on August 9, because nu-metal legends Korn are in town. Alternatively, you could pitch up to Gunnersbury Park in London, where Denzel Curry, Spiritbox, Wargasm and Loathe are also set to join in the fun.
Also in August: Justin Timberlake, Noah Kahan, Blossoms, Pixies, The Roots, Girl in Red, Damian Marley, New Order
September
Fewer and fewer legends are walking among us, so get out to see them while you can. Janet Jackson’s upcoming UK shows are her first since 2019, when she was in sublime form at Glastonbury, and are billed as a celebration of 50 years in the game. Following the success of its US leg, the Together Again Tour will hit Birmingham's Utilita Arena, London's O2 Arena, Glasgow's OVO Hydro and Manchester's Co-Op Live between September 27 and October 1, before shows in Europe.
Experience-wise, Chappell Roan is at the other end of the scale. The singer-songwriter, though, is one of the buzziest names in pop right now and her UK and Ireland tour is a chance to tap into the hook-heavy, highly theatrical world of her debut LP ‘The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess’. Following some minor surgery to the running order her Manchester, Glasgow and Dublin dates are now accompanied by three nights at the O2 Academy Brixton in London. 
Also in September: The Last Dinner Party, Texas, Niall Horan, Moby, Scooter, Clavish, The Struts, The Vamps
October
If country’s your thing then look no further than Chris Stapleton’s huge arena shows. Following the release of ‘Higher’ late last year the Kentucky star will bring the All American Road Show Tour to the UK and Ireland for shows in Manchester, Glasgow, Dublin and Birmingham ahead of two nights at the O2 Arena in London. Cramming a similar amount of star wattage into smaller spaces, you’ll find Scottish rock titans Biffy Clyro celebrating their early records at the O2 Shepherd’s Bush Empire in London and Glasgow’s Barrowland Ballroom, while Glastonbury headliner Dua Lipa will take over the Royal Albert Hall for one night only.
If you’re in the market to hear two of the most important albums of the past 30 years get their flowers, head to Manchester's Co-Op Live and The O2 Arena in London when Ms. Lauryn Hill and Fugees get together to run through songs from ‘The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill’ and ‘The Score’. Fresh from some rapturously received summer shows and with another album of precise, melodically-savvy pop-rock in their back pockets, Crowded House’s Gravity Stairs Tour will blow through arenas in Manchester, Glasgow, London, Brighton, Dublin, Bournemouth and Birmingham between October 8 and 17 before heading to Europe.
Also in October: Sum 41, Becky Hill, The Cult, Alice Cooper, Ben Howard, Black Veil Brides and Creeper, Clannad, Gavin Degraw, Il Divo, Jet, Mk.gee, Real Estate, Overmono, Squeeze
November
When things happen in Donald Glover’s world, they tend to happen all at once. The polymath — having wrapped up Atlanta and helped oversee the TV revamp of Mr and Mrs Smith — has resurrected Childish Gambino for ‘Atavista’, a fresh version of his 2020 ‘3.15.20’ LP, along with The New World Tour, which is set to wrap up its European leg with arena shows in Manchester, Glasgow, London, Birmingham and Dublin. Support comes from Amaarae, who put out ‘Fountain Baby’ last summer to widespread critical acclaim.
The gears are also turning in Fontaines D.C.’s machine, with the Dublin post-punks about to embark on their biggest tour to date in support of their new record ‘Romance’. Accompanied by some daring updates to their sound and look, the band will land at the Halls in Wolverhampton, London's Alexandra Palace, Cardiff's Utilita Arena, Plymouth Pavilions, Nottingham's Motorpoint Arena, Aviva Studios Warehouse in Manchester, Leeds' First Direct Arena, Glasgow's OVO Hydro and the 3Arena on home turf between November 20 and December 6. Of late, the talk in pop has revolved around Charli XCX and the addictive, ever-evolving industrial-tinged brilliance of ‘Brat’. Accordingly, she’ll glam it up at Manchester's Co-op Live on November 27, The O2 in London the next day, Birmingham's Resorts World Arena on November 29 and the OVO Hydro in Glasgow on December 2.
Also in November: Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds, The Script, Glass Animals, Idles, Headie One, Lightning Seeds, Enter Shikari, Beabadoobee, Amyl and the Sniffers, Hard-Fi, Marcus King, Jimmy Eat World, Interpol, Rachel Chinouriri, Twin Atlantic
December
It doesn’t get much bigger than Paul McCartney, does it? The former Beatle will continue his lifelong victory lap with dates at Manchester’s Co-op Live and the O2 Arena London as part of his Got Back Tour in the run up to Christmas. Carrying their own legend on their many shoulders, Slipknot will tread the same boards as part of their 25th anniversary throwdown, with further spectacles being staged in Leeds, Glasgow, and Birmingham as part of their European tour.
Indie kids old and older, meanwhile, should train their eyes on tour dates from Vampire Weekend and Travis. The chic New Yorkers will stop off for three nights in London alongside shows in Dublin, Manchester, Wolverhampton and Glasgow as part of their Only God Was Above Us Tour, with Travis on the road supporting their new LP ‘L.A. Times’. Following their support run with the Killers the band will call in London, Leeds, Manchester, Liverpool, Wolverhampton, Nottingham, Margate, Bristol, Eastbourne, Sheffield, Newcastle and Glasgow, where they'll wrap up the trek with a hometown show at the OVO Hydro on December 21.
Also in December: The Human League, While She Sleeps, The Snuts, Culture Club, Dylan John Thomas, Craig Charles, Jacob Collier
Ac Dc Tour Dates
24 upcoming shows