Amazon Music Unlimited is leading the charge for the Spring Deal Days with this new offer.
Ahead of the Amazon Spring Deal Days, the retail giant has launched an early offer on its premium music subscription.
For the next few weeks, you can get three months of Amazon Music Unlimited for free.
So that's three free months of millions of songs from your favourite artists, plus hit podcasts like The Rest is History and Off Menu.
This offer will run until 16th April 2025, and after the three months are up you can still get the service for £10.99 a month.
Let's find out how you can secure this limited-time-only deal today.
Get three months' free Amazon Music Unlimited
To get your free months' free, simply head over to Amazon Music and select 'sign in'. You can then set up your own subscription and claim the offer.
This offer will run until 5pm on 16th April 2025.
After the three months are up, your subscription will automatically renew for £10.99 a month.
Sign up for our newsletter to receive the latest reviews, insights and offers, covering everything from TVs to new gaming tech.
By entering your details you are agreeing to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. You can unsubscribe at any time.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
At Amazon Music Unlimited, you get unlimited access to 100 million songs ad-free and on demand, top podcasts ad-free, the largest catalogue of audiobooks from Audible, and you can experience HD and Spatial Audio: this is the highest-quality streaming audio which lets you hear music the way the artist intended, with more clarity, richness, and emotion.
Amazon Music Unlimited will usually set you back £11.99 (if you're a non-Prime member) and £10.99 (if you're a Prime member).
Get three months' free Amazon Music Unlimited
For more information, check out Amazon Music vs Spotify and Amazon Music vs Apple Music.
Sign up to receive our newsletter!
By entering your details, you are agreeing to site title privacy policy. You can unsubscribe at any time.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Subscribe to Radio Times magazine and get £10 issues for £10!
Releasing equity from your home could help give you the retirement you've been dreaming of?
Need inspiration of where to go next? Escorted tour, river cruise, yacht cruise, short break. Request a free brochure and start your journey. Now taking bookings for 2025, 2026 and 2027!