From cocktail parties, to caroling, here's how to style your festive finery this season.
Every year it seems like the holiday season comes out of nowhere and all of a sudden it's a panic to get dressed for the many, many events on one's social calendar. And really, who wants to spend time fussing over their outfit when there is merriment and good cheer—and perhaps some bubbles— to enjoy. To take some of the stress out of getting ready for your next holiday party, I styled eight looks (more to come) so you have ample ideas for what to wear in the flurry that is festive season.
When it comes to dressing for the holidays, I think there is no better investment to make than in a Ralph Lauren Polo Bear Sweater. They're actually having a bit of a moment! But to me, they are eternally chic, very comfortable, and cozy for that matter. And so easy to style from day to night. I paired mine with a pair of corduroy tuxedo pants, and a red sock for a touch of color. Patent flats and a pair of chunky earrings make the look a bit more elevated, but it's not overly dressy for daytime, so this is great for a day-to-night moment when you don't have time to change. Or, if you want to go a bit more evening, swap in a taller heel.
Holiday metallics can go the way of tinsel if one isn't careful, but there is a way to do them tastefully. Take this bronze and black dress with sheer panels. It has texture, lots of movement, and a hint of sparkly. It's also a very festive take on wearing black and brown, which is very trendy at the moment. I'd run with that theme doing the same color play with accessories—and throw in a Deborah Pagani gold hair pin for a bit of gold in a unfussy chignon.
There is possibly no holiday color palette more classic than black and red. Bonus points if you add a velvet bow. Just ask the Princess of Wales, who wore a pointsetta red coat and oversized black bow to her annual Carol Service. This is an outfit I wear every year and plan to do so until I simply cannot anymore.
I am of the mentality that everyone looks luminous in winter white. I've been watching a lot of movies from the ‘30s, so silk dinner dresses are on the mind—and this bias cut long sleeve dress from Silk Laundry is a moment by itself, but I love pairing it with a knit cropped jacket. If I had my druthers, I’d add gold Emme Parsons Veneto pumps because I love them!
The dress over pants look is definitely one to experiment with, particularly if you want to change up the look of a slip dress that you've worn before. Plus, it's a smidge warmer and more forgiving. I'd also add that this slip dress in particular has a liquid look to it, and as a result is a bit more dressed down by the muted satin pants' subtle sheen. The key here is to keep accessories minimal to not overcrowd the statement—and before you say anything, yes, here at T&C we consider leopard print a neutral! 
The next two looks are evidence of why every woman needs a sweeping black maxi skirt in her wardrobe. You can wear it for day, and in this case, wear it for night. With this look, it's all about the contrast of the sweater's color palette and keeping the visual line along the body connected. I don't tend to wear entirely black, so I like how the white detail on the turtleneck really makes this look pop. As it's all about contrast, there's no better accessory than a red lip. If black isn't your color, I'd suggest adding gold accessories like I did (the chunkier the better) to keep things a bit warmer.
This look is a bit Charli XCX and a bit Morticia Adams and I have to say… I love it. Perhaps for an evening affair that's a little less buttoned up? Though I'd say between the fur jacket and the sweep of the skirt, there is no shortage of drama here. To keep things from getting overdone, I'd say keeping earrings to posts would be the move— though if you want to amplify the glamour, opt for a pair of oversized drop earrings.
A bit more on the casual spectrum in terms of outfits, I would say this is a great look to wear for a daytime get together. Or maybe wear it to decorate your tree? There's something so wintery and delightful about a fair isle knit and this one is no exception. Plus, a good pair of cashmere socks with a low heel looks very cute. If you're going to be cold, layer a pair of sheer tights underneath.
Navy, for whatever reason is a highly underrated color for the holidays. A missed opportunity, quite frankly, as it dresses up well and really livens the complexion for some people who can look washed out in black. Plus, who doesn't love a bit more of an unexpected color scheme. When keeping things tonal, it’s all about how you weave in texture, from metallics and other ways to play with light and sumptuous suedes for contrast.
As someone who is not inclined to wear pink at any time of the year, I have to say, a soft ballet inspired look really works when doing festive without an overly literal translation. Sometimes you have to take how the brand originally styled it, and make the look your own. For me, that meant giving it a bit more depth so as to avoid frillyness. The soft color palette looks great when topped with some burgundy and claret to complement, and a big pair of clip on earrings ties everything together. An outfit that is worth repeating from day-to-night. I might even add a red bag and coat to lean in.
Red velvet can be a tricky needle to thread but when done right, it's simply stunning. A velvet set with a sporty bolero complements the femininity of the fabrication and is effortless in effect.
I call this the Nancy Meyers outfit because of the sweater. This turtleneck is ultra-flattering and dresses up well, and sits at a very flattering place at the hip so it layers well over a slip skirt. A wintery outfit that just works and looks polished without a ton of complexity. And for a bit softer contrast—a more tonal visual—add camel colored accessories for some warmth.
The only drama that should be allowed during the holidays is that of the aesthetic variety. Perhaps a good season to try out a velvet headband with a veil? It's so glamorous and really does take things up a notch quickly. Pro tip: to avoid looking a bit too costume, opt for classic separates with a twist, like a pair of rich velvet pants with a pleat, but a chunky knit to pair.
Perfect Pair of Classic White Denim for Summer
The Resort Wear from ‘White Lotus’ I Wear in NYC
Gap’s Second Collection With Dôen Is Here
The Best Boat Shoes for Those Still on the Fence
The Weekly Covet: Mother's Day 2025 Gifts
An Elevated Leather Tote Perfect for Everywhere
A Clutch Our Editor in Chief Makes Plans Around
Splurge-Worthy Gifts for Women 
The Best Moments from Cruise 2026
The Best Barn Jackets to Wear This Season
The Best Sweaters to Layer Over Your Spring Looks
Shop Lilly Pulitzer x Saint James Breton Shirts
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.