The wait is finally over for the 2024 edition of Spotify Wrapped, the annual Spotify event that delivers every user of the popular music app a summary of their listening habits over the past year - but there’s one thing you need to do to make sure you get access to your Wrapped today.
In order to get access to your very own personal rundown of your year in audio listening, you’ll need to have the latest version of Spotify on your phone or tablet. To check this, head to the Apple App Store on iOS or the Google Play Store on Android and search for Spotify. Tap on the app icon and see if there is an update waiting to download.
You can also tap here to update the app for iPhone and iPad or tap here to update it for Android.
After making sure you have updated to the very latest available version installed, head to the Spotify app and from some point today you should find you can access your Spotify Wrapped. You can also view Wrapped on the Spotify desktop app.
Wrapped will take you through an interactive look back at the past 11 months, breaking down your most listened to top five artists and songs, all in colourful pages that are ready to share straight to social media.
Spotify Wrapped is an opportunity to show your social media circles your music tastes laid bare, whether you’re proud of them or not. You’ll even be able to see exactly how many minutes of music you streamed in 2024 alongside your top listened to music, podcasts and audiobooks.
“From showing users how their taste in music evolved throughout the year to delivering their Wrapped results via a new personalised podcast experience, 2024 Spotify Wrapped is giving fans even more ways to indulge in what they love,” Spotify said in a press release.
One of these podcasts is created using Google AI and will give you a rundown of your year in music in audio form.
“Your tastes and moods change throughout the year—and so does the music you listen to. This new data story reveals the musical phases that uniquely defined your year. Users will receive up to three musical phases, which will be displayed with descriptors, genres and artists.
You’ll also get access to private, personalised playlists of your top songs.
“Your Music Evolution will also come to life in a personalised playlist that can be found in the Wrapped feed on Home. Tracks within the playlist include both familiar favourites along with new songs we think you’ll love – related to your musical phases throughout the year."
That new podcast format continues Spotify’s push to deliver Wrapped in slightly different ways each year.
Like in 2023, select artists have also recorded thank you videos for fans, which Spotify will show you if you are among those musician’s top listeners globally. Participants include Billie Eilish, Usher and Sabrina Carpenter.
Although Wrapped is an incredibly personal viewing for each Spotify customer, Spotify has also revealed the most listened to artists, songs and albums this year in the UK. The most listened to artist by Brits in 2024 is Taylor Swift, who also has the most listened to album with her hit release THE TORTURED POETS DEPARTMENT: THE ANTHOLOGY.
Interestingly, despite being top artist and album streamed in 2024 by UK users, Taylor Swift does not lay claim to any of the top 10 most listened to songs this year. Stick Season by Noah Kahan was the most played nationally, followed by Espresso by Sabrina Carpenter and Beautiful Things by Benson Boone.
We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy
The top podcast for the year was The Joe Rogan Experience, which is a Spotify exclusive, while the most popular audiobook was The Fellowship of the Ring by J.R.R. Tolkien.
SEARCH
CONNECT WITH US
TODAY'S PAPER
 See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive.
EXPRESS.CO.UK
Daily Express uses notifications to keep you updated