Expert-picked Mother's Day gifts for every type of mom, from $15
Sections
Shows
More
Follow today
More Brands
Get ready to press rewind on your favorite music this year, because Apple Music’s 2024 Replay dropped Tuesday, Dec. 3.
Along with the 2024 Replay experience, which shows Apple Music subscribers their most-played songs, albums and artists of the year, Apple Music also revealed charts with the year’s top music.
“2024 was a historic year across the board, as more women reached the year-end global songs chart than ever, global genres soared to new heights, and many of the top ranks went to artists who had never made the year-end charts before,” Apple Music said in a press release.
Apple Music compiled its 2024 Year-End Charts to celebrate the biggest songs of the year by Apple Music streams, Shazam tags, radio spins and more.
Kendrick Lamar topped the chart for songs with most streams globally with his track “Not Like Us,” which spent more than six weeks at the top of Global Daily Hot 100 chart from the moment it was released in May, Apple said.
Benson Boone’s “Beautiful Things” followed at No. 2, with “Espresso” by Sabrina Carpenter at No. 3 and “A Bar Song (Tipsy)” by Shaboozey at No. 4. Taylor Swift’s “Cruel Summer” took the fifth spot.
Boone also topped the 2024 Global Shazam chart, while Dua Lipa led the top of the inaugural Shazam Global Radio Spins chart, which uses data from more than 40,000 radio stations across the globe. 
In addition to charts, Replay is also introducing some new features. According to Apple, the 2024 insights include:
Keep reading to find out more about Apple Music's 2024 Replay.
There are two options to find your personal Replay, according to Apple.
iPhone users with iOS 18.1 can access their 2024 Replay by opening the Apple Music app and using the Home, New or Search tabs.
For those using previous iOS versions on either mobile or desktop, simply click on replay.music.apple.com.
Anna Kaplan is a news and trending reporter for TODAY.com.
© 2025 NBCUniversal Media, LLCApple®, Apple logo® and App Store® are registered trademarks of Apple Inc.