Share
Lady Gaga, Green Day and Post Malone are among the headliners.
INDIO, Calif. - The highly anticipated Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival has unveiled its 2025 lineup, featuring headliners Lady Gaga, Green Day, Post Malone with a career retrospective set, and Travis Scott. The festival will return to the Empire Polo Club in Indio, California, for two weekends: April 11–13 and April 18–20.
Other notable performers include Missy Elliott, Benson Boone, Charli XCX, Megan Thee Stallion, Zedd, T-Pain, The Go-Go's and more.
Tickets for Coachella 2025 will be available through an advance presale beginning Friday, Nov. 22, at 11 a.m. PT. Fans are encouraged to register now at coachella.com for access to the presale. Early access will be granted to 2023 and 2024 attendees starting Thursday, Nov. 21, at 11 a.m. PT. Organizers advise that Weekend 2 often has greater ticket availability.
Blink-182 performs at the Sahara Stage during the 2023 Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival on April 14, 2023 in Indio, California. (Photo by Matt Winkelmeyer/Getty Images for Coachella) 
Coachella 2025 lineup announced 
The 2025 festival introduces new VIP areas near the Outdoor Theater and Sahara stages, offering shaded lounges, upgraded restrooms, and specialty drink options. For camping enthusiasts, Ready-Set and La Campana tent camping options will provide enhanced comfort for attendees staying on-site.
YouTube will return as the festival's exclusive livestream partner, delivering performances and behind-the-scenes moments to a global audience.
Official hotel packages, which include festival passes and local accommodations, are available through Valley Music Travel for both weekends.
Coachella 2025 promises to deliver another unforgettable experience with iconic artists and state-of-the-art festival amenities. Visit coachella.com for additional information and updates.
The Source: The information in this article was provided by Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival.
All the news you need to know, every day
By clicking Sign Up, I confirmthat I have read and agreeto the Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX Television Stations