Carpenter has now accumulated a total of 14 non-consecutive weeks at No. 1 in 2024.

													By
												

	Jessica Lynch


Sabrina Carpenter continues her reign on the U.K. Singles Chart, as her infectious single “Taste” holds the No. 1 spot for a second consecutive week. 

	The track, which is part of her sixth album, Short n‘ Sweet, dominates as the U.K.’s most-streamed song of the week, racking up 8 million streams. Sabrina has now accumulated a total of 14 non-consecutive weeks at No. 1 in 2024, placing her as one of the year’s most successful chart-topping artists.




			Trending on Billboard		








	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Mase Wants Fans to Vote If He Should Attend Diddy's Trial		
	



	05/02/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Oasis		
					






















	
		
					Sabrina Carpenter		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	Making chart history, Sabrina is now the first female artist to simultaneously hold the top three spots on the U.K. Singles Chart for two consecutive weeks. 

	










	Alongside “Taste” at No. 1, her previous chart-toppers, “Please Please Please” and “Espresso,” remain at No. 2 and No. 3, respectively. The only other artist to accomplish this feat was Ed Sheeran, who held the top three positions for multiple weeks back in 2017 with hits such as “Shape of You” and “Galway Girl.”

	The success of “Taste” has been further amplified by the recent release of the viral horror-themed music video, which features Wednesday actress Jenna Ortega. 

	Aside from Sabrina’s chart domination, there are other notable movements in this week’s U.K. Singles Chart. 

	Oasis’s 1995 single “Live Forever” climbs to a new peak at No. 8, marking a milestone for the band as it surpasses its original 1995 peak of No. 10. 

	Meanwhile, another Oasis classic, “Don’t Look Back In Anger,” returns to the Top 10 for the first time in 28 years, landing at No. 9, bolstered by the band’s recent reunion tour news. 

	This marks the first time the iconic Britpop group has had two singles in the Top 10 simultaneously. Other movements include Benson Boone’s “Slow It Down” rebounding to No. 19, and Gigi Perez’s viral hit “Sailor Song” jumping to No. 24.

	Check out “Taste” by Sabrina Carpenter below.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.