By VALERIA GARCIA and DEIRDRE DURKAN-SIMONDS FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  03:39, 7 December 2024   |  Updated:  05:19, 18 December 2024   
 30
View  comments
Addison Rae looked like the queen of winter as she commanded attention at the iHeartRadio Jingle Ball in Los Angeles.
On Friday evening, the 24-year-old TikTok influencer put on a cheeky display while strutting her stuff on the star studded bash's red carpet.
She modeled a low-cut, white leotard with a sheer neckline and lace skirt with floral see-through accents which gave the appearance of a snowflake.
Her golden locks were let loose and parted to the side as she flaunted her slender figure and endless legs.
The Diet Pepsi singer teamed her look with tan heels and a white designer purse with a gold chain.
She tied her look together with an elegant, clean-girl makeup aesthetic that emphasized her natural beauty. 
Addison Rae looked like the queen of winter as she commanded attention at the iHeartRadio Jingle Ball in Los Angeles 
On Friday evening, the 24-year-old TikTok influencer put on a very cheeky display while strutting her stuff on the star studded bash's red carpet
This year's iHeartMedia 102.7 KIIS-FM Jingle Ball was held at Los Angeles' brand new Intuit Dome on Friday night.
Justin Bieber's wife Hailey, 27, was a presenter at the music event which also featured performances by rapper SZA and singer Tate McRae.
The infamous holiday concert-show saw special appearances from Nikki Glaser, Flavor Flav, Madison Bailey, Kelly Bensimon, Tamra Judge and Teddi Mellencamp.
Ali Larter from Landman, Tori Spelling, Joan Vassos from The Bachelorette and Chock Chapple were also in attendance.
The star-studded lineup for this year's show included Meghan Trainor, Kane Brown, Benson Boone, Madison Beer, Shaboozey, T-Pain, Paris Hilton and NCT Dream.
The iHeartRadio Jingle Ball Tour stops will be part of the exclusive network special airing December 18 at 8:00 p.m. ET/7 p.m. CT on ABC, next day on Hulu.
In September, the social media star-turned-actress made headlines after joining Charli XCX and Lorde on stage at Madison Square Garden in New York City for a surprise duet.
Rae first entered the music space with the release of her song Obsessed, which came out on March 18, 2021.
She modeled a low-cut, white leotard with a sheer neckline and lace skirt with 
The outfit had gorgeous floral see-through accents, which gave the appearance of a snowflake 
Her golden locks were let loose and parted to the side as she flaunted her slender figure and endless legs. The Diet Pepsi singer teamed her look with tan heels
She added some flare to her ensemble with a white designer handbag with a gold chain
The showed off some flesh thanks to her super-short skirt, and also revealed the metallic gold sea shell design on her handbag
Addison tied her look together with an elegant, clean-girl makeup aesthetic that emphasized her natural beauty
Although Rae tends to keep her love life out of the spotlight, she has been romantically linked to music producer, Omer Fedi, since August 2021; seen in May 2022
Her debut album, simply titled AR, was released on August 18, 2023.
In March, she appeared on a remix of Charli XCX's track, Von Dutch. They previously worked together on 2 Die 4, off AR.
In addition to her music, Rae has landed a handful of acting roles, including starring in a 2021 remake of the 1999 teen comedy She's All That and, most recently, in Eli Roth's Thanksgiving.
The singer will next appear in live-action hybrid movie titled Animal Friends, alongside Ryan Reynolds, which is expected to come out next year.
Although Rae tends to keep her love life out of the spotlight, she has been romantically linked to music producer, Omer Fedi, since August 2021.
As for why she keeps her relationships private, Rae previously told Hailey Bieber in May 2021 that she learned her lesson after her public split from Bryce Hall.
'I think the lesson I learned from [that experience] is just keep your circle small, and keep your fights private, keep you know, intimate things private, and respect each other,' she said on Bieber‘s Who’s In My Bathroom? YouTube series. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group