Home    Forums    Music    Grammys 2025 Predictions (Part 3)
Honey, first-week album sales of 235K is NOT a good look for Ariana Grande.
I think we should focus on Teddy Swims in Best New Artist. Lost Control is predicted to go #1 on the next week Billboard Hot 100 and this song is not eligible for the 2025 Grammys, so Best New Artist would be the only way to award him. And he looks as an artist that could gain more passion and industry support than for example Benson Boone or Flo Milli. He’s 31 years old and he was looking for a breakthrough for a long time. I think pop, r&b and some rock voters could vote him against others TikTok stars. 
he doesn’t rlly have anything out during the current eligibility period. maybe he can release part 2 of his album, then i’ll count him as a big contender.
FOR YOUR GRAMMYS CONSIDERATION :
MAGDALENA BAY - IMAGINAL DISK
Honey, first-week album sales of 235K is NOT a good look for Ariana Grande. 
Not all artists can sell 300K, Ariana has always been in the hit maker category and not an album seller
and Sweetener debut with 231K
We know Teddy Swims submitted “Lose Control” last year but to which genre? Pop? Traditional R&B?
Pop
another pop album nom for ari as expected
another pop album nom for ari as expected 
Fortunately for her, all her albums yielded hits and decent sales and that’s enough to enter the pop field.
the Grammy president said he went with 10 b/c Kanye was in 9th. so if Kanye is in 9th, it’ll be 10 again mayhap 
Tree Paine paid him to say that
Kacey Musgraves new album is SO GOOD. Sis deserves an AOTY nod
This will probably be the first year in a long time where the BNA winner is male. I think Teddy Swims’ and Benson Boone’s buzz will only grow more from here. Then there is a Djo, whose older music is catching on similar to Lizzo. I think Teddy is the current frontrunner. He would appeal to R&B, Pop and Country/Americana voters.
I thought GOAT would retire after Mr. Morale & The Big Steppers
https://x.com/insider_nostra1/status/1769564835686080984?s=46
Interscope could have 4 albums in the big 4 that would be bad for all of them, Kacey, Billie, Kendrick and Lady Gaga
TTPD album will have 7 explicit tracks.
🚨| "The Tortured Poets Department" explicit tracks
– TTPD– Down Bad– But Daddy I Love Him– loml– Florida!!!– I Can Do It with a Broken Heart– The Smallest Man Who Ever Lived pic.twitter.com/UaVvUrW078
— The Swift Society (@TheSwiftSociety) March 18, 2024
Migs
Honey, without a committee, Kacey Musgraves is NOT happening in Album of the Year.
I quite love Kacey Mussgraves’s new album. I think it’s an improvement over star-crossed which was more generic. This one is so moody and serene. “Jade Green” will be on repeat for me all spring, personally. 
But like… Kacey has completely crossed over to pop now? I wouldn’t call this album country tbh. 
If Kendrick drops and it’s another blockbuster album he needs to win AOTY. He’s the most overdue artist in the industry.
Honey, without a committee, Kacey Musgraves is NOT happening in Album of the Year. 
If she managed to win it’s because she has enough support, she’s not Janelle or Lorde
 … Kacey has completely crossed over to pop now? I wouldn’t call this album country tbh. 
many songs are 100% country but others are just pop songs but without pop production with synthesizers etc.
You must be logged in to reply to this topic.
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…

				23 mins ago			

				1 hour ago			

				2 hours ago			

				15 mins ago			

				11 mins ago			

				2 hours ago			

				2 hours ago			

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media