More than 100 balloons rose through the mist and over the Wiltshire countryside as Longleat’s Icons of the Sky 2024 event kicked off.


  Icons of the Sky – from Friday, September 13 until Sunday, September 13 - features three days of flying spectaculars and balloon launches with highlights including flyovers by the Spitfire, high energy aerobatics, wing walkers and a pyrotechnic display.


  Head of operations at Longleat, Scott Ashman, said: “Weather conditions were perfect for the flight this morning and we saw balloons of different colours and shapes take to the skies. We are looking forward to the air display later and the night glow which is set to music from across the eight decades Longleat House has been open.


READ MORE: Longleat Icons of the Sky 2024: Dates, times and how to get tickets


  “The event is taking place all weekend and while there is good availability for today and Sunday, Saturday is close to selling out.”


  The event marks 75 years of Longleat being open to the public.


  The Estate will open from 7am each day.


  Daily timings, which are subject to change due to weather conditions, are:


  Ten balloons, some shaped like coffee jars and dragons, used their burners to light up the grounds of the Wiltshire stately home in time to music on the evening of Thursday, September 12.


Hot air ballloons take part in Thursday's Icons of the Sky night glow preview at Longleat. (Image: Andrew Matthews/PA)


  Scott Ashman, Longleat’s head of operations, added: “Our 2024 event will be a 21st century celebration of our heritage and pay homage to the history of flight.


  “Part of this will be a fantastic show with music from across the decades. Tickets are flying out fast, so we’d urge people to pre-book online.


  “We will be opening from 7am each day of the event so people can marvel at a sunrise mass balloon launch, and we will be closing at 8.30pm after the air display, pyrotechnic air display, night glow and more.


  “There’s more than 12 hours of action-packed fun in one day ticket as all our attractions will be open throughout.”


  Guests will be invited to rock through time from 1940s icon Glenn Miller through to Taylor Swift, Harry Styles, Sophie Ellis Bextor and Benson Boone’s 21st century classics during the three-day festival.


  The night glows have been choreographed to a specially selected soundtrack which also include Satisfaction from the Rolling Stones who rocked the estate in 1964 and I’m Still Standing from Sir Elton John who appeared in 2016 to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the Safari Park opening.


A fireworks display was part of the Icons of the Sky opening event on Thursday evening. (Image: Andrew Matthews/PA)


  A firework finale is the last event of the day and finishes at 8.30pm.


  Due to the aerial nature of the displays, some events may be postponed or cancelled if weather conditions aren’t suitable. 


  To get your tickets, visit longleat.co.uk/icons-of-the-sky.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                

                            Last Updated: 

Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.