By 

	Jon Blistein


Daniel Seavey navigates the aftermath of a break-up on his new single, “Other People.”

	In a statement, the singer-songwriter described the emotional pop-rock track as a “breakup song,” but neither an “angry” one nor “necessarily one-sided like a lot of breakup songs are.” Seavey went on to say that “Other People” captures “a situation where you just lost that spark. It’s about the breakups where nothing went wrong, but things just burned out.”

	He continued: “I don’t like the idea that people ever mean to do wrong to you, especially when it’s someone that loves you. I think sometimes people just have very different ways of going about the same thing, and sometimes that may mean that you’re just not a fit for each other, and that’s totally okay.” 

	“Other People” — a collaboration with writer/producer Michael Pollack — marks Seavey’s second single of the year, following “The Older You Get,” which was released back in May. Seavey has been teasing “Other People” on the road lately, incorporating the song into his setlist as he supported Benson Boone on their recent U.K. and European tour. (Seavey will continue to open for Boone on the North American leg of the tour, which kicks off at the end of September.)

	











	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	








	Both “Other People” and “The Older You Get” are slated to appear on Seavey’s forthcoming first solo album (he’s yet to share a title and release date). The LP will follow Seavey’s debut EP, Dancing in the Dark, which was released last August. 

	Seavey’s new music comes after a hectic couple of years centered around the legal drama between his band, Why Don’t We, and their former management company, Signature Entertainment. Signature sued the band in Aug. 2021 for breach of contract and defamation, and in return Why Don’t We counter-sued, alleging financial and emotional abuse. While that case is still ongoing, Seavey is no longer directly part of the lawsuit after a judge freed him from his contract following his submission for bankruptcy. (Seavey is still standing beside his bandmates, even canceling a solo tour last fall to testify at the trial.)
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.