By 

	Tomás Mier


	The summer of Sabrina Carpenter was felt all the way in outer space! On Wednesday, the Short ‘n Sweet pop star hit the stage at the 2024 VMAs for a sexy, space-themed medley of her hits “Espresso,” “Please Please Please,” and “Taste.”

	Carpenter started her performance with “Please Please Please” while hanging on a swing next to a giant Moon Person in the air. (She was muted as she sang the “motherfucker” line in the chorus.)

	Carpenter quickly flew down to the main stage to a space-themed set as she serenaded “Taste” to an astronaut and blue alien, whom she shocked the crowd by sharing an elongated kiss with the extra-terrestrial. Carpenter ended her performance surrounded by dozens of astronauts to perform her hit “Espresso.”
pic.twitter.com/SAQY88efwL

	Cyndi Lauper, who won a Moon Person at the first VMAs, presented Carpenter’s performance, celebrating the success of her album. “Get ready to hear the entire place say ‘motherfucka,'” said Lauper. “Are we allowed?”

	










	Carpenter is up for seven awards this year, including Song of the Year, Best Editing for “Espresso” and Song of the Summer, Best Art Direction, and Best Direction  for “Please Please Please.” She’s also nominated for Best Pop and Artist of the Year, where she faces off against Ariana Grande, Bad Bunny, Eminem, SZA, and Taylor Swift.

	This marks Carpenter’s first time on the main VMA stage. Last year, she performed Emails I Can’t Send faves “Feather” and “Nonsense” at the VMAs pre-show.

	Carpenter has had a massive year leading up to last month’s Short ‘n Sweet, which landed at Number One on the Billboard 200. In April, her breakout single “Espresso” became one of the biggest songs of the year, followed by “Please Please Please,” which became her first Number One on the Hot 100. Along with the album, Carpenter released a silly video alongside Jenna Ortega for album opener “Taste.”

	Carpenter, Camila Cabello, Anitta, Benson Boone, Halsey, Chappell Roan, Karol G, Rauw Alejandro, and Shawn Mendes were among the performers to hit the stage at this year’s VMAs.





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	








	Taylor Swift led the nominations list with 10 nods this year. Post Malone picked up nine nominations, Ariana Grande received six noms, as did Eminem and first-time VMA nominee Carpenter. 

	










	The 2024 Video Music Awards are airing live on MTV from the UBS Arena in Long Island.
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.