NASHVILLE, Tenn
Turning heads with its undeniably infectious groove, “Just As You Are,” the latest single from GRAMMY-nominated, Dove Award-winning singer/songwriter Ryan Stevenson, released Friday and finds the Gotee recording artist entering a new era of creative freedom.
Immediately embraced by tastemakers, the carefree, windows-down track premiered Thursday on SiriusXM’s The Message. “Just As You Are” also landed on Spotify’s New Music Friday playlist—alongside songs from Olivia Rodrigo, Benson Boone, Kenny Chesney, Kane Brown and Pearl Jam—and took the #1 spot on Pandora’s FLIGHT: Today’s Christian Hits, where Stevenson is the featured artist.
Produced by Christopher Stevens (TobyMac, Crowder), who also co-penned the song with Stevenson, “Just As You Are” reunites the longtime friends to capture a defining moment in Stevenson’s faith journey: “I was making it my exception to try and earn Your affection/But that all faded away, when I heard You say/Ooooo child, don’t ya know I love ya/Just as, just as you are.”
“One of my favorite authors, Brennan Manning, who wrote The Ragamuffin Gospel and Abba’s Child, once gave a powerful message on the Gospel,” Stevenson explains of the song’s inspiration. “Sharing as if God was speaking directly to him, he said, ‘God loves you, just as you are, not as you should be; because none of us are as we should be.’ That was a profound statement for me, and one that has since shaped my perspective about God as well as the way I perceive others.”
“I believe this is paramount in understanding the Truth about the finished work of Jesus,” Stevenson adds. “His sacrifice made a way for us—not our own efforts and striving. Knowing that HE began a good work, we can take a deep breath and rest because He is faithful to His word to perform it.”
“As Chris and I were reminiscing about summertime grooves from our college days together, it felt like a no brainer to let the joy out; to create music that not only has an amazing feel, but also a deep, meaningful message,” explains Stevenson. “I believe the Lord has given me confidence and an assurance to share the music and sounds that move me most. This is the music I’ve wanted to put out for 12 years, and I finally feel the release to do it!”
 Ryan Stevenson
Notice: The information in the post above may have been formatted to suit this website, but is not necessarily material originally created by, or is exclusive to CCM Magazine. CCM Magazine is a part of the Salem Media Group, America’s leading radio broadcaster, Internet content provider and magazine and book publisher targeting Christian audiences.
You must be logged in to post a comment.