CANNES — Jared Leto, Bono, Queen Latifah and more stars lit up Spotify Beach during Tuesday night’s Cannes Lions bash in the South of France. 
A fleet of A-listers came out to see Benson Boone, Shaboozey, Martin Garrix and Tyla perform during the music company’s celebration that convened media, marketing and advertising execs.
An eyewitness exclusively tells Page Six that U2 enthusiast Leto, 52, ran up the stairs to a private deck to say hello to Bono, 64, where the two chatted for a bit. 
Meanwhile, we hear the “Beautiful Day” crooner was “vibing” when Tyla hit the stage for the night’s grand finale. 
At one point in her lively set, the Grammy-winning South Africa native took a fan’s phone to record a cheeky video of herself singing and dancing to selections from her eponymous debut album released in March. 
Leto, for his part, ran to the general admission section to catch a front-row view of Garrix, 28, who played a surprise set before the “Water” songstress took the stage. 
(Tyla’s performance was delayed following an unexpected visit to the hospital after getting nail glue in her eye.)
Peloton superstar Ally Love and “Saturday Night Live” mainstay Kenan Thompson were also seen rocking out to the EDM musician. 
A post shared by Page Six (@pagesix)
Love, 38, visibly enjoyed Boone’s performance as well, we’re told, swaying along to the “Beautiful Things” singer’s hits. 
Additionally, Brooklyn Beckham was seen hanging in the VIP section, looking stylish in a Beatles T-shirt. 
Shaboozey, 29 — best known for his viral single “A Bar Song (Tipsy)” — was seen mingling with fellow recording artist Janelle Monáe in VIP. 
However, it’s uncertain if she paid a visit to his green room, where we’re told a beer pong table was situated for some backstage fun.
Our source says that Queen Latifah greeted many A-list patrons, but made sure to remain germ-free amid her social interactions. 
The rapper-actress’ security guard was spotted giving her hand sanitizer after she shook people’s hands. 
Elsewhere in the evening, our spy noticed internet personality David Dobrik “cozying up” with influencer Madeline Argy, who hung out with “Too Hot to Handle” alum Harry Jowsey.
DJ Justice and rock band Arcade Fire are slated to perform next at Spotify Beach on Wednesday night. 
Advertisement