Please refresh the page or navigate to another page on the site to be automatically logged inPlease refresh your browser to be logged in
Pop superstar used her speech to remember ‘everyone that we lost’ 
I would like to be emailed about offers, events and updates from The Independent. Read our Privacy notice
Taylor Swift took a moment at tonight’s MTV Video Music Awards to pay tribute to those who lost their lives in the September 11 terror attacks 23 years ago.
The awards show is taking place in New York, at the UBS Arena on Long Island.
While accepting the award for Best Collaboration for “Fortnight” alongside Post Malone, Swift said: “Waking up this morning in New York on September 11th, I’ve just been thinking about what happened 23 years ago. 
“Everyone who lost a loved one and everyone that we lost. That is the most important thing today.”
Going into tonight’s show, Swift lead the VMA nominations with 10 – eight for her “Fortnight” music video along with nods in the Artist of the Year and Best Pop categories. 
She’s followed by Post Malone, who has nine. He is nominated along with Swift eight times and earned his ninth nom for his country hit “I Had Some Help,” featuring Morgan Wallen.
The VMAs are celebrating their 40th anniversary this year.
Rapper Megan Thee Stallion is hosting an awards show for the first time, though she has guest-hosted Saturday Night Live and served as a co-host on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon in the past.
On the event’s black carpet, rising star Chappell Roan snapped at a photographer who was heard saying “shut the f*** up”.
This year features 29 first-time nominees, which include Morgan Wallen, Sabrina Carpenter and Teddy Swims as well as Benson Boone and Tyla – the latter two boast three nominations each.
Performers set to appear tonight include Roan along with Katy Perry, Boone, Carpenter, GloRilla, Halsey, Lenny Kravitz, LISA, Rauw Alejandro, Anitta, Karol G, LL COOL J, Shawn Mendes and Camila Cabello.
Perry will also receive the Video Vanguard Award. Previous recipients include Shakira, Beyoncé, Nicki Minaj, Madonna, Janet Jackson, Jennifer Lopez, Rihanna and Missy Elliott.
Enjoy unlimited access to 100 million ad-free songs and podcasts with Amazon Music
Sign up now for a 30-day free trial. Terms apply.
ADVERTISEMENT. If you sign up to this service we will earn commission. This revenue helps to fund journalism across The Independent.
Enjoy unlimited access to 100 million ad-free songs and podcasts with Amazon Music
Sign up now for a 30-day free trial. Terms apply.
ADVERTISEMENT. If you sign up to this service we will earn commission. This revenue helps to fund journalism across The Independent.
Perry will return to the VMA stage for the first time since 2017, when she performed and hosted the award show.
The pop singer has won five VMAs across her career. She took home her first three awards in 2011: Video of the Year (“Firework”), Best Collaboration and Best Special Effects (both for “E.T.,” featuring Kanye West).
Read the full list of nominees here.
From Megan Thee Stallion to Sabrina Carpenter, Tyla, Paris Hilton and Nicky Rothschild here are the best red carpet looks from the 2024 MTV VMAs.
Join thought-provoking conversations, follow other Independent readers and see their replies
Please refresh the page or navigate to another page on the site to be automatically logged inPlease refresh your browser to be logged in