Olivia Rodrigo is on track for the week's highest debut with "Obsessed."

													By
												

	Lars Brandle


	Another beautiful week is unfolding for Benson Boone in the U.K., where his global hit “Beautiful Things” (via Warner Records) is on track for a second week at No. 1.






	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Benson Boone		
					






















	
		
					Future		
					






















	
		
					Hozier		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	The Washington-born singer-songwriter’s breakthrough song has led both of Billboard’s Global singles tallies and, for the first time, lifted to No. 1 in the U.K. last week. 





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Mase Wants Fans to Vote If He Should Attend Diddy's Trial		
	



	05/02/2025	







	Based on early sales and streaming data published by the Official Charts Company, “Beautiful Things” should nail another cycle at the top in the U.K.

	










	Thanks to the release of the deluxe GUTS (spilled) edition, Olivia Rodrigo should bag the highest new entry with “Obsessed” (Geffen). It’s new at No. 6 on the chart blast, and should give the U.S. pop phenomenon her 12th U.K. top 10 single. 




			Trending on Billboard		






	Rodrigo has set several U.K. chart records in her young career. When her debut album SOUR hit No. 1 on the U.K.’s Official Chart in May 2021 in the same week her single “Good 4 U” led the national singles survey, she became, at 18 years and 3 months, the youngest solo artist to snag the U.K. chart double. 

	Along the way, SOUR set the U.K. mark record for the most first-week streams for a debut album, and, in June 2021, Rodrigo became the first female solo artist to land three simultaneous U.K. top 5 singles: “Good 4 U,” “Déjà vu” and “Traitor.” SOUR logged five total weeks at No. 1, and GUTS completed one week at the top.

	Meanwhile, Future and Metro Boomin’s collaborative LP We Don’t Trust You should drop the maximum three tracks into the U.K. singles chart, all impacting the top 20. Based on early predictions, “Like That” is poised to enter at No. 7, “Type Shit” could start at No.  11 and the title track could bow at No. 14. 

	Finally, Irish singer-songwriter Hozier is targeting a No. 16 with his new song, “Too Sweet” (Island). It’s on target for a No. 16 start.

	All will be revealed when the Official Charts are published late Friday, March 29.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.