e-Edition
Get the latest news delivered daily!
Get the latest news delivered daily!
e-Edition

			Trending:		
This holiday season, Southern California is brimming with festive performances to get you in the spirit. From iconic artists like Stevie Wonder and Sarah Brightman to beloved Broadway stars, there’s something for everyone to enjoy. Whether you’re seeking soulful melodies, enchanting symphonies, or dazzling stage productions, these upcoming concerts promise unforgettable experiences.
Here’s a roundup of must-see holiday events happening across the region.
Tony and Emmy Award winner Kristin Chenoweth, best known as the original Glinda in Broadway’s Wicked, brings the festive spirit to the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion this holiday season. Enjoy a selection of holiday favorites performed by this beloved stage and screen icon—truly as “Popular” as ever—accompanied by the renowned LA Opera Orchestra under the baton of Mary-Mitchell Campbell. 7:30 p.m. Saturday, Dec. 14 at 135 N Grand Ave, Los Angeles. Tickets start at $54 at laopera.com.
Legendary soprano Sarah Brightman brings her A Christmas Symphony tour to the Dolby Theatre, enchanting audiences with holiday classics and greatest hits alongside an orchestra, choir, and special guests. 8 p.m. Sunday, Dec. 15 at 6801 Hollywood Blvd, Los Angeles. Tickets start at $59.50 at dolbytheatre.com.
The annual Merry-Achi Christmas returns to Cerritos with a colorful Mexican holiday celebration filled with seasonal songs and dancing. Headlining the event is Sol de México de José Hernández Mariachi with Reyna de Los Angeles and Folklorico. 7 p.m. Dec. 6-8 at Cerritos Center for the Performing Arts, 18000 Park Plaza Drive, Cerritos. Tickets are currently sold out, but resale tickets are still available via secondary sellers.
KROQ-FM’s annual Almost Acoustic Christmas holiday concert will return with The Smashing Pumpkins, Beck, 311, Sublime, Jimmy Eat World, Franz Ferdinand, Awolnation, The Linda Lindas and BBY. 5:30 p.m. Saturday, Dec. 14 at Kia Forum, 3900 W Manchester Blvd, Inglewood. Tickets start at $73 at Ticketmaster.com.
Tony and Grammy Award winner Leslie Odom Jr. returns to the Walt Disney Concert Hall on Dec. 1 for a holiday performance featuring selections from his holiday record “The Christmas Album.” Odom, best known for his portrayal of Aaron Burr in Hamilton and his Oscar-nominated role as Sam Cooke in One Night in Miami, will bring a blend of holiday classics and festive hits to the stage. 7:30 p.m. Sunday, Dec. 1 at Walt Disney Concert Hall, 111 S Grand Ave, Los Angeles. Tickets start at $75 at laphil.com.
SEE ALSO: Why ‘Hamilton’ star Leslie Odom Jr. is doing his first-ever holiday music tour
The annual holiday radio celebration will include performances by SZA, Tate McRae, Meghan Trainer, Kane Brown, Benson Boone, Madison Beer, Shaboozey, T-Pain and Paris Hilton. 7:30 p.m. Friday, Dec. 6 at Kia Forum, 3900 W. Manchester Blvd., Inglewood. Tickets start at $51 at Ticketmaster.com.
Herald the arrival of the Christmas season with the annual selection of carols sung by the Los Angeles Master Chorale. The setlist will combine traditional favorites such as “Angels We Have Heard on High,” “​Silent Night​​​​​,” and “​O Holy Night,” mixed with newer arrangements and a few seasonal surprises. 2 p.m. Saturday, Dec. 7 at Walt Disney Concert Hall, 111 South Grand Ave, Los Angeles. Tickets start at $49 at lamasterchorale.com.
The Pacific Symphony brings back its 45-minute “Nutcracker for Kids” to Costa Mesa featuring the orchestra and dancers from the Festival Ballet Theatre. The performance is designed for children and will conclude with a visit from Santa. There will also be activities inside the concert hall lobby, including a coloring station, craft station, photo station and S.T.E.A.M. station. 10 a.m. and 11:30 a.m. Saturday, Dec. 7 at Segerstrom Center, 600 Town Center Drive, Costa Mesa. Tickets start at $74 at pacificsymphony.org.
The ultimate drag queen holiday event is coming back for its 10th anniversary special, hosted by Nina West, featuring well-known “Ru Paul’s Drag Race” queens such as Sasha Colby, Angeria Paris VanMicheals, Jimbo, Sapphira Cristál, Plane Jane, Plasma, Roxxxy Andrews, Brooke Lynn Hytes, Lady Camden and Crystal Methyd. 8 p.m. Wednesday, Dec. 11 at Dolby Theatre, 6801 Hollywood Blvd, Hollywood. Tickets start at $62 at Ticketmaster.com.
The well-known Los Angeles-based jazz musician and composer Tom Kubis is bringing his big band to Long Beach for a special Christmas show, performing classic arrangements with a big band twist. 8 p.m. Monday, Dec. 9 at Gaslamp Long Beach, 6251 East Pacific Coast Highway, Long Beach. Tickets start at $24 at Ticketweb.com.
Folk rock ensemble Dawes has plans to bring the holiday glee once again to the stage and may bring out a few sleigh bells too, as they play Christmas standards along with hits like “When My Time Comes” and “A Little Bit of Everything.” Friends for this iteration will include Eric Krasno, Theo Katzman, John C. Reilly, Jonny Fritz and more. 8 p.m. Saturday, Dec. 7 at The Bellwether, 333 South Boylston St., Los Angeles. Tickets start at $60 at Ticketmaster.com.
Grammy-nominated jazz musician and producer Dave Koz returns to Cerritos for the 27th annual Christmas tour with spirited jazz standards and holiday cheer. 8 p.m. Dec. 20-21 at Cerritos Center for the Performing Arts, 18000 Park Plaza Drive, Cerritos. Tickets are available at cerritoscenter.com.
Mexican folk dance company Ballet Folklórico de Los Ángeles is taking the stage for a mariachi-infused holiday performance. This year, Nochebuena will have special guest vocalist Camila Fernández, the granddaughter of the legendary Vicente Fernández and daughter of Alejandro Fernández. 3 p.m. Dec. 7-8 at the Younes and Soraya Nazarian Center for the Performing Arts, 18111 Nordhoff Street, Los Angeles. Tickets start at $45 at thesoraya.com.
The Pacific Chorale’s annual holiday celebration will include seasonal favorites such as “Do You Hear What I Hear,” “Feliz Navidad” and “Deck The Hall.” 5:00 p.m. Dec. 22-23 at Renée and Henry Segerstrom Concert Hall, 600 Town Center Drive, Costa Mesa. Tickets start at $36 at pacificchorale.org.
Los Angeles punk band X will host its annual X’s X-Mas show, featuring all four original members playing the band’s greatest hits along with a few rock Christmas classics. 7 p.m. Dec. 27-28 at The Observatory OC, 3503 S Harbor Blvd, Santa Ana. Tickets start at $53 at observatoryoc.com.
Conductor David Newman returns to the Walt Disney Concert Hall as he leads John Williams’ score for the beloved holiday classic “Home Alone” as it is screened along with a live performance.  2 p.m. and 8 p.m. Dec. 21-22 at Walt Disney Concert Hall, 111 S Grand Ave., Los Angeles. Tickets start at $134 at laphil.com.
Jennifer Hudson, the youngest female EGOT winner in history, is coming to the Walt Disney Concert Hall to perform selections off her new Holiday album, “The Gift of Love.” 8 p.m. Wednesday, Dec. 18 at Walt Disney Concert Hall, 111 S Grand Ave., Los Angeles. Tickets are currently sold out, but resale tickets are still available via secondary sellers.
Stevie Wonder brings his critically acclaimed performance, Sing Your Song! As We Fix Our Nation’s Broken Heart, to Crypto.com Arena in celebration of the 25th House Full of Toys benefit concert. The 25-time Grammy winner’s inspiring evening of music will uplift and unite. 8 p.m. Saturday, Dec. 14 at 1111 S Figueroa St, Los Angeles. Tickets start at $68 at axs.com.
Walt Disney Concert Hall will host a massive pipe organ, choir and a jazz combo that will lead the crowd with a selection of seasonal favorites. 11:30 a.m. 2:30 p.m. Saturday, Dec. 14 at Walt Disney Concert Hall, 111 S Grand Ave., Los Angeles. Tickets start at $40 at laphil.com.
Mariachi Divas “Swingin’ Navidad” Returns to the Downey Theatre in celebration of their 25th anniversary which will feature special guests, Original Divas Members, Mariachi All-Stars, and Ballet Folklorico de Los Angeles. 8 p.m. Friday, Dec. 13 at Downey Theatre, 8435 Firestone Blvd, Downey. Tickets start at $35 at downeytheatre.com.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group