Taylor Swift fans attending the UK leg of The Eras Tour are in for a treat, as she revealed the line-up for her shows at London's Wembley Stadium via an Instagram story.
Currently on the European portion of her worldwide tour, the global superstar is set to take to the stage at Edinburgh's Murrayfield Stadium on Friday, June 7, where she will perform over three nights. After this, she's slated to perform at Liverpool's Anfield Stadium, Cardiff's Principality Stadium, before wrapping up with a spectacular show at London's Wembley Stadium, where she will entertain with additional five performances in August.
For all her UK performances, Taylor will be sensationally joined by American rockers Paramore. Other performers include British singing talent Griff, along with American songwriters Benson Boone and Mette.
This news was excitingly shared on Taylor's Instagram Story, where she made the announcement about her London shows.
In a giddy post, Taylor shared: "I just found out Fortnight is #1 on the UK airplay chart! ! ! ! You guys are amazing and I can't wait to see you SO soon! ! Thought this might be a fun time to announce the first group of opening acts I'll be adding to the London shows, going on before Paramore.", reports Wales Online.
She continued, expressing her personal fondness for the supporting acts: "I chose artists whose music I love listening to, and I can't wait for them to add an extra jolt of excitement to our shows at @wembleystadium in June. @mettenarrative, @wiffygriffy, and @bensonboonse, welcome to The Eras Tour! ! ."
Having just finished performing at BBC Radio 1's Big Weekend in Luton, Griff couldn't contain her excitement. Posting on Instagram, she exclaimed: "If you know me you know this might be one of the most surreal things to say but TAYLOR SWIFT HAS INVITED ME ON THE ERAS TOUR! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 8 yr old me who had fearless on repeat wouldn't believe this. So unbelievably grateful to Taylor for all the love she's shown me and my music. See you at Wembley on June 22nd. Ly."
Mette also took to social media to share her joy: "It's a new ERA for ya girl... Opening the "Taylor Swift | The Eras Tour" on June 21st at Wembley Stadium in London. Thank you @taylorswift - Never been so excited in my entire life! ! ! #TSTheErasTour."
These are the confirmed UK dates for Taylor Swift's upcoming Era's Tour.
It may still be possible to bag yourself via official resale sites. Visit Ticketmaster and AXS for more information.
However, Swifties should approach reseller sites such as Viagogo with caution - here's everything you need to know if you're on the hunt for Eras Tour tickets.
While tickets may have long sold out for the Eras Tour UK dates, sites such as Viagogo allow fans to buy resale tickets from other fans. At the time of writing, the site had hundreds of Taylor Swift tickets up for grabs spanning all 15 dates - but they don't come cheap, with prices starting upwards of £300 for a seat at a London show.
However, it is important to note that many event promoters say tickets should not be resold after initial purchase and will not be valid for admittance to gigs. Fans attending live events with tickets acquired through resale websites are advised to double check the ticket terms and conditions at the point of sale - such as Ticketmaster or Live Nation - to ensure a smooth live event experience.
Tickets could be voided if they were found to be bought second-hand. As a result, fans are buying at their own risk. With that said, Viagogo also commented: "Viagogo is a regulated marketplace where fans have the guarantee."
Viagogo's ticket guarantee states: "When You purchase tickets on Viagogo, Viagogo guarantees that you will receive the tickets you paid for in time for the event. In the rare instance that a problem arises and the original ticket seller does not provide you with the tickets listed for sale, Viagogo will, in its discretion, review comparably priced tickets and offer you replacement tickets at no additional cost, or Viagogo will issue you a refund for the cost of the tickets."
It continues: "'Comparably priced' replacement tickets are determined by Viagogo in its discretion. When you sell tickets on Viagogo, provided you provide the exact tickets listed for sale and the ticket buyer successfully gains entry to the event, viagogo guarantees that you will be paid for your sale."
In addition, Taylor Swift's official retailers, Ticketmaster and AXS, have released a statement asserting that any tickets acquired from non-authorised sellers will be invalid. They said: "The only way to obtain a valid ticket for Taylor Swift's shows is via the approved ticket agents. In the UK, the approved ticket agents are Ticketmaster, AXS or directly through the venue's website. In Ireland, the approved ticket agent is Ticketmaster. Any tickets found to be purchased via re-sale on the non-official secondary market will not be valid for entry into the concerts and will be cancelled in accordance with the terms and conditions of sale.
"Through official resale facilities, ticket resale prices are capped to help combat the inflation of ticket prices and put a stop to ticket touting. For more information on official resale facilities, fans should visit the website of their approved ticket agent. These resale facilities enable fans to sell their tickets with confidence and empower fans to purchase resale tickets with the assurance that the ticket they are purchasing is genuine."