We've now wrapped up the big four categories for the 2025 Grammys here in our predictions center. You can now place your initial bets for Best New Artist to go along with Album of the Year, Record of the Year and Song of the Year. Who do you think will make the top eight? And who will win? Make your predictions and come back to update them whenever you like. The Grammys eligibility period is over on August 30, but we'll be updating the list as we learn about official artist submissions.
One mystery that hangs over Best New Artist is the case of Sabrina Carpenter. Billboard reported that she is indeed eligible for the award, if a screening committee determines that this was truly her breakthrough year. The reason that's even a question is that she's about to release her sixth studio album, "Short n' Sweet." Two of her previous releases peaked in the top 30 on the Billboard 200 albums chart, and her last one, "Emails I Can't Send," was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). So she arguably isn't new anymore. But this year she achieved her first top-10 single on the Billboard Hot 100 (the ubiquitous "Espresso," which has peaked at number-three), and followed that up with her first Hot 100 chart-topper, "Please Please Please."
Assuming she gets past the screening committee, she may still face a tough challenge from Chappell Roan. It's less of a mystery whether she's eligible for the award. She's been releasing songs since 2017, but her debut studio album, "The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess," didn't come out until the current eligibility period. And she undoubtedly entered the public consciousness in 2024, steadily rising up the Billboard 200 and Hot 100 even though it's been almost a year since her album came out.
A few artists with breakthrough singles could also enter the race. Benson Boone was a mainstay in the top 10 with "Beautiful Things," while Teddy Swims's "Lose Control" and Shaboozey's "A Bar Song (Tipsy)" both reached number-one. All three could score noms for Best New Artist unless voters write them off as one-hit wonders. The good news for Boone and Shaboozey is that their albums -- "Fireworks and Rollerblades" and "Where I've Been, Isn't Where I'm Going," respectively -- have performed well on the charts, both holding steady in the top 20 even though it's been a few months since they were released. And Swims's album "I've Tried Everything But Therapy (Part I)" is holding on in the top 30 after 11 months of release.
Who else might break through? Country standouts Dasha, Megan Moroney and Nate Smith? Hip-hop newcomer Tommy Richman? Americana standout Sierra Ferrell? Place your bets to let us know. Your predictions help determine our official racetrack odds.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…
Take a trip back to the Academy Awards ceremonies of the recent past with Gold Derby’s Oscars Playback series. Hosts Joyce Eng and Christopher Rosen recap every Oscar ceremony of the 1990s and 2000s. Joyce and Chris tackle the highs and lows of each show and see how the winners aged. It’s a wonderful night for Oscar, whenever you watch!

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media