By HEIDI PARKER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  22:33, 5 December 2024   |  Updated:  23:28, 5 December 2024   
 33
View  comments
Hailey Bieber will be attending her first awards show since the birth of her baby boy.
The model will serve as a presenter at the iHeartMedia 102.7 KIIS-FM Jingle Ball which takes place on Friday.
The event will be held at the Intuit Dome in Los Angeles. 
'She plans on making a splash and looking sensational, it will be a big deal,' a source told DailyMail.com.
The 27-year-old will be 'showing off her newly slim post-baby body,' it was added. The star welcomed son Jack Blues in August with husband Justin Bieber. 
The iconic holiday show will also include special appearances from Nikki Glaser, Flavor Flav, Madison Bailey, Kelly Bensimon, Tamra Judge and Teddi Mellencamp.
Hailey Bieber will be attending her first awards show since the birth of her baby boy. The model will serve as a presenter at the iHeartMedia 102.7 KIIS-FM Jingle Ball which takes place on Friday. The event will be held at the Intuit Dome in Los Angeles; seen in June 2023
'She plans on making a splash and look sensational, it will be a big deal,' a source told DailyMail.com. The 27-year-old will be 'showing off her newly slim post-baby body,' it was added. The star welcomed son Jack Blues in August with husband Justin Bieber
Also there will be Ali Larter from Landman, Tori Spelling, Joan Vassos from The Bachelorette and Chock Chapple.
The star-studded lineup for this year's show includes SZA, Tate McRae, Meghan Trainor, Kane Brown, Benson Boone, Madison Beer, Shaboozey, T-Pain, Paris Hilton and NCT Dream. 
The iHeartRadio Jingle Ball Tour stops will be part of the exclusive network special airing December 18 at 8:00 p.m. ET/7 p.m. CT on ABC, next day on Hulu.
ABC will exclusively air the 'iHeartRadio Jingle Ball 2024' holiday special on December 18 and next day on Hulu.
Bieber has managed to stick to her usual beauty routine since giving birth.
The model has been married to pop star Justin Bieber, 30, since 2018. She gave birth to son Jack Blues Bieber in August.
Bieber has so far managed to maintain the same skincare regimes that she carried out before and during her pregnancy because it all fits 'perfectly' into her new life as a mother.
She told Glamour UK: 'Honestly, I do feel like my beauty routine is fairly the same as it was my whole pregnancy – and even before. 
For the past few months, the beauty has been covering up her body with large coats
Hailey shared a rare glimpse of her three-month-old baby boy Jack Blues in a sweet family snap with her husband Justin Bieber
'Right now, my routine in the morning is basically just hydration, a little vitamin C if I remember to do it and SPF, and then it's like I brush up my eyebrows and we're out. 
'That was kind of how I did things before and it fits perfectly into the way that life is now.'
But the Rhode founder has urged her fans to think about all parts of their body when it comes to skincare and found that a new 'mom hack' is always making sure that she carries her design of body butter with her amongst the baby's things to stop her own skin from drying out.
She said: 'When you think about keeping the skin nourished and healthy as you are getting older, you do think about your neck, your chest, your hands, your body. 
'My new mom hack is that I throw the mini Barrier Butter into my little changing bag that I have with me when I go anywhere. And then I have it for my hands. When you spray hand sanitiser – I'm doing that every three seconds these days – you get so dry.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group