Missy Elliott, Charli XCX, Megan Thee Stallion, and more will also perform at the Southern California music festival.
Sydney Bucksbaum is a writer at Entertainment Weekly covering all things pop culture – but TV is her one true love. She currently lives in Los Angeles but grew up in Chicago so please don't make fun of her accent when it slips out.
 Lady Gaga, Green Day, Post Malone, and Travis Scott have been announced as the Coachella 2025 headliners.

 Goldenvoice officially confirmed the lineup featuring all four acts in top slots. Lady Gaga will perform Friday, April 11 and 18, Green Day will perform Saturday, April 12 and 19, and Post Malone will perform a "career retrospective set" on Sunday, April 13 and 20.

Kevin Mazur/Getty; PG/Bauer-Griffin/GC Images; Alexander Tamargo/Getty
 Meanwhile Travis Scott, whose recent Circus Maximus Tour broke records with more tickets sold globally than any rap tour in history, finally returns to the desert in the bottom headliner spot, taking the main stage also on both Saturdays. He was scheduled to perform at the canceled 2020 festival and then reportedly removed from the 2022 lineup due to the Astroworld tragedy in which a fatal crowd surge resulted in the deaths of 10 people during his set. The "Designs the Desert" headliner label refers to his "Cactus Jack desert takeover" which is set to occur on Friday, Saturday, and Sunday of both weekends, where the artist will "curate a fully immersive and experiential world within the desert." More details will be revealed in the coming months.

 Sign up for Entertainment Weekly's free daily newsletter to get breaking TV news, exclusive first looks, recaps, reviews, interviews with your favorite stars, and more.

 Other notable 2025 Coachella artists include Missy Elliott, Charli XCX, Megan Thee Stallion, the Misfits, T-Pain, Benson Boone, FKA Twigs, Jimmy Eat World, Mau P, GloRilla, Keinemusik, Yo Gabba Gabba!, Zedd, and more.

 Check out the full lineup below:

 This is the earliest that the Coachella lineup has been announced, as the festival usually confirms all the acts in January. The 2024 lineup featured Lana Del Rey, Tyler, the Creator, Doja Cat, and the highly anticipated reunion of Gwen Stefani's band No Doubt, who had last performed together in 2015.

 Coachella returns to the Empire Polo Club in Indio, Calif. for two weekends in April 2025. Ticket presale begins Friday, Nov. 22 at 11 a.m. PT/2 p.m. ET, and registration is open now at coachella.com.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)