"Hit Me Hard And Soft" debuts at No. 1 on the latest ARIA Chart, giving Eilish a perfect three-from-three.

													By
												

	Lars Brandle


Billie Eilish is on top in the land Down Under with Hit Me Hard And Soft, while 10 tracks from it impact the ARIA Top 50 Singles chart.

Hit Me Hard And Soft (via Interscope/Universal) debuts at No. 1 on the ARIA Albums Chart, published Friday, May 24, giving Eilish a perfect three-from-three. The U.S. pop phenomenon’s debut When We All Fall Asleep, Where Do We Go? logged eight non-consecutive weeks at No. 1 in 2019-20, and followup Happier Than Ever spent two weeks at the top in 2021.

	Eilish dines out with album track “Lunch,” which arrives at No. 5 on the national singles survey for the top debut of the week. It’s her 15th top five hit spot in Australia, a tally that includes two No. 1s (“Bad Guy” in 2019 and “What Was I Made For?” in 2023).

	












	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Mase Wants Fans to Vote If He Should Attend Diddy's Trial		
	



	05/02/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Billie Eilish		
					






















	
		
					Hoodoo Gurus		
					






















	
		
					Morgan Wallen		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	Eilish’s third LP knocks overs Taylor Swift’s The Tortured Poets Department (Universal), down 2-1, while Olivia Rodrigo’s Guts (Geffen/Universal) completes the ARIA Chart podium, holding at No. 3.




			Trending on Billboard		






	Much-loved Australian rock act Hoodoo Gurus returns to the survey with Stoneage Romeos (Universal), their debut album which enjoys the 40th anniversary treatment. Stoneage Romeos reenters the ARIA Chart at No. 8, besting its original peak position of No. 29 back in 1984. That’s the ARIA Hall of Fame-inducted band’s seventh top 10 appearance. Hoodoo Gurus will play the classic album in full when they return to the road this November and December for the national Back to the Stoneage Tour, produced by Empire Touring.

	Meanwhile, new releases from Slash (Orgy Of The Damned at No. 14 via Gibson/Sony) and Zayn (Room Under The Stairs at No. 16 via Universal) crack the top 20.

	Over on the ARIA Singles Chart, Tommy Richman bags his first leader on the Australian singles with “Million Dollar Baby” (Conc), up 2-1. The singer and songwriter is the fourth act to score their first No. 1 this year, following Noah Kahan, Benson Boone and Sabrina Carpenter, ARIA reports.

	Country cuts round out the top three, with Post Malone and Morgan Wallen‘s “I Had Some Help” (Universal), down 1-2, and Shaboozey’s “A Bar Song (Tipsy)” (EMP), holding at No. 3.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.