On the Billboard Pop Shop Podcast, Katie & Keith are talking about what led to the breakout hits "Lose Control" & "Beautiful Things" and what could be next.

	Looking at the very top of the Billboard Hot 100, there’s a one-two punch of big-voiced breakout hits: Teddy Swims‘ “Lose Control” at No. 1 and Benson Boone‘s “Beautiful Things” at No. 2.

	On the new Billboard Pop Shop Podcast, Katie & Keith are talking about where these two hits came from, whether we should look to last year’s explosion of male country hits in the upper regions of the Hot 100 (Luke Combs, Zach Bryan, Oliver Anthony, among others) or even go back to the 2000s and 2010s to find pop-rock hits from Gavin DeGraw or Ray LaMontagne.

	










	We also got some input from our Billboard charts colleagues Gary Trust, Kevin Rutherford and Jim Asker to get an idea of who could be the next growly male voice to climb our rankings. Listen to the full podcast below:

	Also on the show, we’ve got chart news on Swims’ “Lose Control” completing one of the longest climbs to No. 1 ever on the Billboard Hot 100, plus, on the Billboard 200 albums chart, Kacey Musgraves and Justin Timberlake make a splash with their latest albums both debuting in the top five.

	And is Lady Gaga entering her post-Chromatica era? We’re piecing together all the clues about what she’s up to next.

The Billboard Pop Shop Podcast is your one-stop shop for all things pop on Billboard‘s weekly charts. You can always count on a lively discussion about the latest pop news, fun chart stats and stories, new music, and guest interviews with music stars and folks from the world of pop. Casual pop fans and chart junkies can hear Billboard‘s executive digital director, West Coast, Katie Atkinson and Billboard’s managing director, charts and data operations, Keith Caulfield every week on the podcast, which can be streamed on Billboard.com or downloaded in Apple Podcasts or your favorite podcast provider. (Click here to listen to the previous edition of the show on Billboard.com.)
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.