Dua Lipa is the most-played artist of 2024 so far on radio stations worldwide, with “Houdini” and “Training Season” ranking among the year’s biggest songs, according to data provided to Forbes by Apple Music’s Shazam radio charts, despite her latest album producing fewer Billboard chart-toppers than her previous work.
Dua Lipa's "Houdini" is the most-played song on worldwide radio this year so far. (Photo by Matt ... More Winkelmeyer/Getty Images for The Recording Academy)
Lipa’s “Houdini”—released in November as the lead single from her latest album, “Radical Optimism”—ranked as the song with the most radio spins globally since between Jan. 1 and June 24, 2024, according to Apple Music’s Shazam radio charts, which track thousands of stations worldwide.
Lipa is the only artist with multiple songs inside the top 10, with the second “Radical Optimism” single, “Training Season,” ranking as the sixth most-played song on radio so far this year.
Despite Lipa’s global radio success, “Houdini” and “Training Season” only peaked at No. 11 and No. 27 respectively on the Billboard Hot 100, which tracks songs by U.S. sales, streams and radio play, though both singles fared better abroad and became top 10 hits in many international markets.
The next three most-spun songs on global radio this year are all breakout hits for young artists: Teddy Swims’ “Lose Control,” Tate McRae’s “greedy” and Benson Boone’s “Beautiful Things,” all of which became each of their biggest hits to date.
Rounding out the top five is Beyoncé’s first single from “Cowboy Carter,” the chart-topping “TEXAS HOLD ‘EM,” which she dropped on Super Bowl Sunday.
Some of Lipa’s biggest pop competition, like Taylor Swift and Billie Eilish, released their singles and albums later in the first half of the year, preventing them from topping her on radio. Though Swift’s album “The Tortured Poets Department” was released two weeks before Lipa’s “Radical Optimism,” Swift didn’t release any singles before the album debuted. That means lead single, “Fortnight,” released on April 19 alongside the whole album, only had about two months on pop radio compared to “Houdini,” which has played on pop radio throughout 2024. Other songs, like Sabrina Carpenter’s back-to-back hits “Espresso” and “Please Please Please,” as well as Post Malone and Morgan Wallen’s smash “I Had Some Help,” were also released in late spring, though they are all picking up steam on radio.
Lipa released “Radical Optimism” in May to a more muted critical and commercial response than her 2020 album, “Future Nostalgia,” which was accompanied by a string of hit singles. To support “Radical Optimism,” Lipa released three singles—“Houdini,” “Training Season” and “Illusion”—none of which made the top 10 on the Billboard Hot 100 in the United States. “Future Nostalgia,” by comparison, earned Lipa two top 10 hits: “Don’t Start Now” and “Levitating,” both of which peaked at No. 2 on the Hot 100. “Levitating” is certified diamond by the Recording Industry Association of America, while “Don’t Start Now” is certified 4x platinum. Three other “Future Nostalgia” songs are certified platinum in the United States, according to the RIAA. Though “Radical Optimism” debuted at No. 2 on the Billboard 200, higher than the No. 3 peak of “Future Nostalgia,” her new record spent just one week in the top 10 and currently sits at No. 92 in its seventh week—while “Future Nostalgia” was still logging weeks in the top 10 more than a year after its release. Meanwhile, “Future Nostalgia” won the Grammy Award for Best Pop Vocal Album and was hailed by music critics, earning a score of 88 out of 100 on review aggregator Metacritic. “Radical Optimism” fell behind with a score of 73.
Though “Radical Optimism” and its singles were a moderate success in the United States, Lipa fared better abroad, including in her native United Kingdom, where “Houdini,” “Training Season” and “Illusion” all peaked within the top 10. “Houdini” also peaked at No. 3 on the Billboard Global 200 chart, which tracks streaming and sales data worldwide. “Radical Optimism” also became Lipa’s first album to debut atop the UK albums chart, moving 46,300 total units in its first week, which the UK Official Charts said was the best album debut for a British woman since Adele’s “30” in 2021.
Shazam is an application that allows users to identify what song is being played by matching the audio against its database of songs. The company publishes weekly charts of the most Shazamed songs globally, by country and by city. Shazam launched a radio spins chart in May which uses its music recognition technology to identify the most-played songs across more than 40,000 stations from more than 200 countries. Shazam has been owned by Apple, which operates the popular streaming service Apple Music, since 2018.
Dua Lipa’s ‘Radical Optimism’ Debuts at No. 1 on Top Album Sales Chart (Billboard)
Dua Lipa's Radical Optimism scores biggest opening week for British female since Adele (UK Official Charts)
One Community. Many Voices. Create a free account to share your thoughts. 
Our community is about connecting people through open and thoughtful conversations. We want our readers to share their views and exchange ideas and facts in a safe space.
In order to do so, please follow the posting rules in our site's Terms of Service.  We've summarized some of those key rules below. Simply put, keep it civil.
Your post will be rejected if we notice that it seems to contain:
User accounts will be blocked if we notice or believe that users are engaged in:
So, how can you be a power user?
Thanks for reading our community guidelines.  Please read the full list of posting rules found in our site's Terms of Service.