Please refresh the page or navigate to another page on the site to be automatically logged inPlease refresh your browser to be logged in
The MTV VMAs are streaming live on Hulu+, Philo, DirecTV Stream, Sling, and fuboTV 
I would like to be emailed about offers, events and updates from The Independent. Read our Privacy notice
The 2024 MTV Video Music Awards are finally here, with rock legends and music icons gathering outside New York’s UBS Arena ready to honor this year’s winners for best video, best new artist, best collaboration, and so much more. 
Between nominees Billie Eilish and Doja Cat to performers Chappell Roan, Benson Boone, and Teddy Swims, the September 11 affair will bring together several artists across multiple music genres throughout the night, and it all starts on the red carpet. 
Every year, the MTV VMAs red carpet sees celebrities in a combination of big-name fashion brands and emerging designers. Whether they don a traditional evening gown, baggy suit, or denim and faux fur (circa Pink in 2000), artists love to present their playful personality in mod fashion for this particular awards ceremony, finding creativity within the lax dress code. 
Last year, stars posed against a pink and black backdrop in odes to their distinct voice. Metallics seemed to dominate the scene with Olivia Rodrigo in Ludovic de Saint Sernin and Cardi B in Dilara Findikoglu, while dark shadows were cast by Bebe Rexha in The Uncommonist and Demi Lovato in Buerlangma. 
From Megan Thee Stallion to Sabrina Carpenter, here are the best red carpet looks from the 2024 MTV VMAs. 
Paris Hilton and Nicky Rothschild
The two celebrity icons were photographed side-by-side like fire and ice. Hilton wore a shimmery chain dress with intentional cuts throughout, while Rothschild donned a one-shoulder long-sleeved red gown. 
Tyla
The 22-year-old South African star plucked a piece from Area’s new spring/summer 2025 season to bring some color to the night. Her yellow string dress was paired with a blue metallic choker necklace and pink open-toe heels. 
Taylor Swift
While on break from her renowned Eras World Tour, Swift graced the MTV VMAs carpet in a yellow and black plaid gown. Her zip-up bodice was paired with a black mini skirt, lace-up fingerless biker gloves, thigh-high boots, and a ballooned train. 
The Kid LAROI
The 21-year-old “STAY” creator dressed in a multiple layers, donning light wash denim, a black jacket, a blue unbuttoned button-down, a gray pullover, a buttoned white button-down, and a black tie. The Kid LAROI added a Telfar tote bag, adding timeless flare to the ensemble. 
Fat Joe
Fat Joe stuck to his personal style in a dyed brown and black suede jack and matching trousers. The 54-year-old rapper accessorized with classic Timberland boots, thick diamond chains, and sunglasses. 
Tate McRae
Tate McRae wore a gothic lace minidress over a matching black underwear set, forgoing her sporty chic on-stage fashion. 
GloRilla
Tonight’s MTV VMAs performer stepped out in a reflective cropped suit jacket layered over a thin bandeau bra and dramatic wide-leg pants. 
Bambi
Bambi added a touch of neon to the black carpet in a Dolce & Gabbana green bra top and multi-layer tulle wrap skirt clasped with the brand’s diamond-encrusted signature D&G. 
Doechii
Doechii arrived to the main event in a full Thom Browne outfit, complete with a tailored jacket, a black skirt with white stitching, knee-high socks, and platform heels. 
Megan Thee Stallion
The 2024 MTV VMAs host channeled “dark feminine beauty” in a black bodice attached to a drop-down tulle train and a short bob haircut. 
Camilla Cabello 
Camilla Cabello posed in a nude one-shoulder long-sleeved gown with stunning black bead embroidery. She debuted her new dark look with black hair, ending her blonde era on the carpet. 
Katy Perry
The beloved artist and recipient of this year’s Video Vanguard Award arrived to the awards ceremony with Orlando Bloom. The “Last Friday Night” singer donned a distressed two-piece outfit and a wet hair look, while Bloom stepped out in a black suit and matching T-shirt. 
Lil Nas X
Lil Nas X looked otherwordly in a pink and white astronaut-inspired get-up embellished with a big bedazzled buckle belt and abstract helmet. 
Angela Simmons
On the MTV VMAs carpet, Simmons posed in a crossneck red latex gown. She teamed the shiny gown with sleek red pointed-toe pumps and straight hair. 
Jordan Chiles
The Olympic gymnast sported a silver halterneck Off-White outfit with black opera gloves and matching stockings for her first time attending the MTV VMAs. 
Addison Rae 
The “Diet Pepsi” popstar strutted onto the black carpet in nothing but custom underwear inspired by Madonna’s fashion. Rae stripped down to a white lingerie set with layers of tulle billowing out behind her and single feathers attached to her shoulder like a swan. 
Suki Waterhouse
Stepping out for the 2024 MTV VMAs, the “Moves” singer stuck to dark hues, wearing a feathered bolero over a black dress with a chiffon skirt. 
Thalía
The 53-year-old Mexican songstress showed up in a silver and gold metallic number with rosette detailing and long side trains. Her gown looked as if it were made from aluminum, catching and reflecting the camera flashes. 
Halle Bailey
Halle Bailey donned an intricate red gown with a spliced neckline and thin fringe hanging from the bottom trim. She smiled for the camera as her strappy red heels peeked out from under the hanging material. 
Sabrina Carpenter
The “Taste” artist dazzled on the black carpet in a sparkly strapless vintage Bob Mackie gown with delicate beading and a scalloped neckline. Her wavy blonde hair and dark burgundy lipstick added edge to the sweet ensemble. 
Halsey
Halsey came to the MTV VMAs in a red hot cheetah print gown plucked from the 1996 Versace archives. Tiny beads sparkled throughout the glamorous number originally made fro Elizabeth Hurley. 
Cyndi Lauper
Cyndi Lauper stunned on the black carpet with bright hair and an achromatic suit, embodying her renowned aesthetic. 
Anitta
The “Mi Amor” artist resembled a beautiful corpse bride in a sheer white tie-up minidress, thigh-high stockings, and a sheer white hood. 
Dora Jar
For the 2024 MTV VMAs, the niche artist came prepared for bad weather. Jar donned cargo pants and a matching jacket, adding a warm multicolor umbrella and white eyeliner for some signature fashion spice. 
Lisa
The 2024 MTV VMAs nominee went for a “timeless, classic” Mugler gown with a tight bodice, long-sleeved gloves, and a fitted hood. 
Miranda Lambert
The 40-year-old country singer played with businesswear at the 2024 MTV VMAs, donning a tailored black pantsuit with beaded lapels and a silver clutch bag. 
Nicole Polizzi
On Wednesday, the reality star graced the 2024 MTV VMAs carpet in an ensemble inspired by a fall fashion trend. Polizzi, otherwise known as “Snooki,” wore a short cheetah print dress with a long black overcoat, platform peep-toe heels, and a YSL handbag. 
Shaboozey
The 29-year-old hip hop country artist wore Maison Margiela’s emblem tabi shoes with mid-waist denim pants and a dazzling Western-inspired collared shirt with a long, skinny suit tie. 
Quavo
Quavo arrived on the dark carpet in a spooky black satin tailored suit with boot-cut pants and platform shoes. 
Chappell Roan 
The “Good Luck, Babe” singer appeared like a medieval princess with a forest green overcoat, a sheer burgundy gown, fiery red hair, and a long toy sword. A matching knight stood guard behind her as she posed for the cameras like Merida from Brave. 
Coco Jones
For the 2024 MTV VMAs, the 26-year-old Let It Shine actress chose a silver sculpture-esque dress with cuts of winding metallic fabric flowing behind her as if it were ribbon on a present. 
DJ Khaled
DJ Khaled brought texture and color to the dark backdrop in a pink long sleeve top and matching pants in traditional intrecciato. 
Anna Sitar
The famed lifestyle influencer swept the black carpet with a see-through gray gown with a plunging neckline, a long flowing train, and a high slit. 
Rauw Alejandro
The Puerto Rican artist kept things classic for his 2024 MTV VMAs red carpet appearance, plucking a black suit and aviator shades. Of course, Alejandro’s performance later in the night could result in an entirely new look. 
Summer Walker
The 28-year-old songstress wore a strapless cheetah print minidress, matching pointed-toe pumps adorned with black bows, a lips purse, and a cigarette on the black MTV VMAs carpet. 
Lola Brooke
For the 2024 MTV VMAs, the young rapper donned a pink two-piece made of distressed yarn. She teamed the delicate outfit with silver thong heels and long wavy hair. 
Lenny Kravitz
Outside the UBS Arena, the 60-year-old music legend posed in his emblem all-leath look, adding a black tie around his neck with no undershirt and white pointed-toe boots. 
Austin Millz
The beloved DJ stunned on the red carpet in a chic Louis Vuitton jacket, dark shades, and black trousers. 
Chris Olsen
Chris Olsen stepped out for the magical night in music, donning a classic white Prada turtleneck sweater, black trousers, and shiny chelsea boots. 
Andrew Licout
At the 2024 MTV VMAs, the internet personality juxtaposed abstract patterns with basic garmets. Licout wore a green cardigan layered over a white graphic T-shirt, patterned pants, brown pointed-toe boots, a matching belt, and a baseball cap.
Tayshia Adams
The reality star opted for a chic black gown with two side cut-outs and a plunging neckline. Her hair was styled in a half-up half-down look with a little bun. 
Karol G
The 2024 MTV VMA performer showed up to the main event in a fiery yellow gown embellished with orange hues and a white neckline. 
Chippy
Chippy graced the MTV VMAs red carpet as a spicy Dorito chip, forgoing formalwear for an authentic costume. 
Nessa 
Nessa ignored the “no white after Labor Day” rule in fashion, donning a beautiful off-the-shoulder white gown. She paired the elegant design with a big gold bangle. 
Rachel Smith
The actress arrived outside the UBS Arena in a folded black ensemble with exaggerated frills throughout. Smith’s hair was pulled into a sleek, sophisticated bun. 
Dometi Pongo
Dometi Pongo arrived on the 2024 MTV VMAs red carpet in a white button-down and sleek black pants with shimmery stripes, adding a dazzling touch on a simple base. 
Join thought-provoking conversations, follow other Independent readers and see their replies
Please refresh the page or navigate to another page on the site to be automatically logged inPlease refresh your browser to be logged in