This Sunday, MTV will take over Manchester as it brings the famed European Awards (EMAs) to the city for the first time ever.
Hosted by music superstar Rita Ora, the A-list event takes place on Sunday night at Co-op Live and will see some of the world's biggest music stars take over the UK's largest entertainment venue.
Ahead of the big show, massive billboards have taken over the city's streets, huge pre-show parties have rocked the city and host Rita Ora's dulcet tones have been heard on the city's trams.
READ MORE: MTV EMAs 2024: Exclusive first look of the stage ahead of huge show held in Manchester
This year at the MTV EMAs there are 18 categories and members of the public have been voting for free to choose this year’s winners.
Taylor Swift has been nominated for an impressive seven awards including Best Artist, Best Live, Best Collaboration with Fortnight ft Post Malone, Best Pop and Biggest Fans.
Meanwhile, award-winning English singer-songwriter Raye has been nominated for Best UK & Ireland Act, Best Artist, and Best Live. And Hot To Go singer Chappell Roan has received her first EMA nominations which includes Best Song with Good Luck, Babe, Best New, Best Push, and Biggest Fans.
While fans watching at the arena - and at home - will be keen to see who receives the top gongs, they'll also be treated to some showstopping performances.
Earlier this month, the first performers taking to the Co-op Live stage were confirmed including multi-platinum, Grammy-nominated singer-songwriter Shawn Mendes, singer-songwriter Raye and Teddy Swims, who has made waves in recent months with his single "Lose Control".
Also set to take to the stage will be Benson Boone who has rocketed to global stardom with his viral smash-hit "Beautiful Things" from his debut album 'Fireworks & Rollerblades'. He'll be joined on stage by The Warning, the Mexican-born sister trip who have amassed millions of streams and fans off the back of their headline world tour.
The awards will see Pet Shop Boys perform with the Manchester Camerata, an orchestra that has been working in the city and beyond since 1972. The music icons have also been confirmed as the recipients of the first ever MTV EMA Pop Pioneers Award.
They'll be joined on stage by K-pop quintet LE SSERAFIM, Mexican singer and musician Peso Pluma, and South African star TYLA, the latter bringing her unique blend of pop and R&B infused with euphoric Amapiano sounds to the arena.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.