By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

	All products and services featured are independently chosen by editors. However, StyleCaster may receive a commission on orders placed through its retail links, and the retailer may receive certain auditable data for accounting purposes.
One of music’s biggest nights is here! You don’t want to miss out on watching the Billboard Music Awards and we got the scoop on how to watch it for free. 
Each year the Billboard Music Awards honors the year’s biggest artists, albums, songs, producers and songwriters across multiple genres. The finalists are determined by year-end performance metrics on Billboard’s Year-End Charts. This year’s biggest contenders are Zach Bryan, Taylor Swift, Morgan Wallen, and Sabrina Carpenter. The biggest question is will Taylor Swift win over Drake’s BBMAs record? Benson Boone, Chappell Roan, Shaboozey, Teddy Swims, Tommy Richman, Tyla tie for their first-time wins. 

 








Related Stories This Firming Butt & Thigh Cream Makes Skin ‘Feel Tighter’ With Dedicated Use The Only ‘Ready-to-Wear’ Wig Brand Worth Your Time & Money 
The awards show is presented by actress and comedian Michelle Buteau and this one will be for the books!
The Billboard Music Awards will air live on Fox, which is available to stream on services like DirecTV Stream, Fubo, and Hulu+ With Live TV. DirecTV Stream offers a five-day free trial, and starts at $86.99 per month after the trial ends. Fubo offers a seven-day free trial, and starts at $79.99 per month after the trial ends.
Hulu+ With Live TV does not have a free trial, however, it’s cheaper per month than the other options. Hulu+ With Live TV starts at $81.99 per month and offers plans that include free subscriptions to Disney Plus and ESPN Plus.
Direct TV is our best overall pick to watch the Billboard Music Awards live for free for its free trial, price (including its current deal), and channel selection. Direct TV Stream offers a five-day free trial and has a current deal where new subscribers can receive $10 off their first three months. Direct TV offers four plans: Entertainment, which costs $86.99 per month; Choice, which costs $114.99 per month; Ultimate, which costs $129.99 per month; and Premiere, which costs $169.99 per month. FOX is available with all four plans.
Fubo is our best free trial pick to watch the Billboard Music Awards live for free. Fubo offers a seven-day free trial (two days longer than DirecTV Stream) and offers three plans: Pro, which costs $79.99 per month, with a current $30 off deal for $49.99 your first month; Elite, which costs $89.99 per month, with a current deal for $59.99 for your first month; and Latino, which costs $32.99 per month. FOX is included in the Pro and Elite plans.
As for the difference between the plans, Pro includes 180 channels, 1,000 hours of Cloud DVR, and the ability to watch on up to 10 screens at once. Elite includes everything in Pro, as well as a total of 256 channels and 4K resolution. Ultimate includes everything in Pro and Elite, as well as a total of 299 channels, Showtime, and Red Zone NFL Network. Read on for step-by-step instructions on how to watch the Billboard Music Awards with Fubo’s free trial. 
Hulu+ With Live TV is our best upgrade pick to watch the Billboard Music Awards based on its channel selection and its free subscriptions to Hulu, Disney Plus, and ESPN plus. Hulu+ With Live TV offers four plans: a $81.99 per month plan with access to only live TV; a $82.99 per month plan with free subscriptions to Hulu with ads, Disney Plus with ads, and ESPN Plus with ads; a $87.99 per month plan with free subscriptions to Hulu with ads, Disney Plus with no ads, and ESPN Plus with ads; and a $95.99 per month plan with free subscriptions to Hulu with no ads, Disney Plus with no ads, and ESPN Plus with ads. NBC is included in all four plans. Read on for step-by-step instructions on how to watch the Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade with Hulu+ Live TV.

 









Hulu is a StyleCaster sponsor, however, this article was independently written by our editors. Please note that if you purchase something by clicking on a link within this story, we may receive a small commission of the sale.
The Billboard Music Awards is available to stream on-demand on Paramount+ after it airs live and on Hulu the day after. Paramount Plus has a 7-day free trial, and Hulu without Live TV has a free trial. To sign up for Paramount Plus’ free trial, visit the site here and click “Try It for Free.” Amazon Prime also offers a seven-day Paramount Plus free trial, as well as a 30-day free trial for Amazon Prime Video.
Read on for instructions on how to sign up for Paramount Plus’ free trial to watch The Billboard Music Awards.

 









Here’s a list of all the performers who will be taking the stages at the Billboard Music Awards.
By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.