Only one day left to go before Taylor Swift kicks off the UK leg of her sell-out Eras Tour. She will be heading to Scotland first this weekend for three nights in Edinburgh.
She will then be performing in Liverpool, Cardiff and London. Scroll down below for everything you need to bare in mind if seeing her live over the coming weeks - including start times, set list, seating plans, merchandise prices and more.
For fans eager to see if they can still secure themselves a spot at her upcoming shows could try their luck at getting some last minute tickets. You could try you luck on resale ticket platforms like Viagogo and VividSeats.
These sites enable you to browse without rushing, as tickets listed by fellow enthusiasts stay accessible until they are purchased. Below is a list of links you'll need:
AXS, one of Taylor Swift's authorised ticket sellers, urged fans to avoid buying resale tickets from unverified sources. A representative for Viagogo told the Mirror : " Viagogo is a regulated marketplace where fans have the freedom to buy and sell tickets to their favourite live events, safely and securely, backed by a guarantee.
"Sellers on our marketplace may list tickets at high values when demand is high, but prices can change and tend to reduce over time. We recommend Swifties wait for demand to settle, and check regularly for a listing that meets their budget. Tickets for Taylor Swift's UK dates have already sold for as low as 172 GBP on our platform. Also, tickets listed at eye-catchingly high levels rarely, if ever, sell."
Sites such as Viagogo and Vivid Seats allow fans to buy resale tickets from other fans. However, it is important to note that many event promoters say tickets should not be resold after initial purchase and will not be valid for admittance to gigs.
Fans attending live events with tickets acquired through resale websites are advised to double-check the ticket terms and conditions at the point of sale - such as Ticketmaster or Live Nation - to ensure a smooth live event experience. Tickets could be voided if they were found to be bought second-hand. As a result, fans are buying at their own risk.
Different venues may have varying stage times and support acts. It is advisable to verify the details of the venue you will be attending.
Paramore, renowned for songs like Misery Business and Hard Times, will be joining Taylor Swift as her support act for all of the UK shows. Mette, Griff and Benson Boone will be joining Taylor for the London shows.
According to Edinburgh's Murrayfield Stadium website, these are the key timings for their three shows:
Liverpool's Anfield Stadium website is also showing similar stage times on their website. The Wembley Stadium website says more details will be released closer to the event.
Only small bags are permitted to all of the stadiums hosting Taylor Swift's UK concerts. However, the definition of small bag differs from each stadium.
Roseburn St, Edinburgh EH12 5PJ
The UK leg of the tour will kick off at Edinburgh, making this stadium the centre of immense interest.
Anfield Rd, Anfield, Liverpool L4 0TH
The home of Liverpool FC, this stadium is accessible by bus, foot and train.
Westgate St, Cardiff CF10 1NS
Conveniently located in the city centre, this venue is easily accessible by foot from the main station. Perfect for rugby games, I'm confident it will also be a great spot for Taylor.
London HA9 0WS
This gig will be held at an extraordinary venue, which is easily accessible by various modes of transport. However, if you are traveling on Chiltern Trains, please be aware that some trains from the north may not stop at Wembley. In such cases, you will need to go to Marylebone first.
After she released her latest studio album, The Tortured Poets Department, Taylor made some big changes to the set list by adding brand new songs to her three-hour-long show. These tracks include Smallest Man Who Ever Lives, Who's Afraid Of Little Old Me, LOML and I Can Do It With A Broken Heart.
When Taylor was performing in Paris recently, she also surprised fans by adding her Midnight's tack, Paris, to her set list. It is likely that she may add some more surprise songs for her UK shows.
This is a look at Taylor's set list from her in Paris on May 9 - but this could be subject to change when she comes to Edinburgh, Liverpool, Cardiff and London.
Lover Era
Fearless Era
Red Era
Reputation Era
Folklore/Evermore Era
1989 Era
The Tortured Poets Department Era
Surprise Songs
Midnights Era
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.