LAROI & Dasha performed at the iHeartRadio Jingle Ball Lineup Announcement Party, where performers were revealed for the Dec. 6 stop at Inglewood's Intuit Dome.

													By
												

	Rania Aniftos


	‘Tis the season for the iHeartRadio Jingle Ball Tour!

	The  iHeartRadio Jingle Ball Lineup Announcement Party took place Friday (Sept. 27), with The Kid LAROI and Dasha helping announce the official lineup for iHeartRadio 102.7 KIIS FM’s Jingle Ball in Los Angeles presented by Capital One. The duo performed at the celebration, as radio personality JoJo Wright listed off this year’s Jingle Ball LA stars.

	The Los Angeles event, which will take place Dec. 6 at Inglewood’s Intuit Dome, will include performances by SZA, Tate McRae, Meghan Trainor, Kane Brown, Benson Boone, Madison Beer, Shaboozey, T-Pain, Paris Hilton and NCT Dream.

	The Kid LAROI, of course, is excited to see his girlfriend McRae take the stage at the big event. “Maybe I’m biased,” he admitted to Billboard during the lineup announcement party. “It feels wrong to say I’m most excited for anyone else!”

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	LAROI himself is also returning to the Jingle Ball Tour for the third time, taking the stage in New York City; Boston; Washington, D.C.; and Miami. “Good music always wins,” he says of this year’s variety of genres. “I’m a huge fan of everyone on the lineup.”

	Dasha agrees, and tells Billboard she’s personally very excited for country’s representation on this year’s lineup. “Finally!” jokes the rising country star, who will take the stage at the shows in Philadelphia, Dallas and Washington, D.C. “I feel like for a while people have viewed country music in a box, that it’s for bros in the South and that’s kind of it. There are a lot of up-and-coming artists who have changed that narrative with songs that have traveled across the world and new perspectives and new stories. It’s relatable to different types of people now. With the power of social media and new artists, people are finally like, ‘Oh, sh–, I’ve been missing out on this.’”

	She also really wants to get up close and personal with the fans during her performance. “I usually hop into the crowd during ‘Austin,’ so hopefully they let me,” she says. “A girl like me likes to get in the crowd.”

	In addition to L.A., the Jingle Ball Tour will hit Dallas, Chicago, Detroit, New York City, Boston, Philadelphia, Washington, D.C., Atlanta and Miami. See the full lineup list here. For those who can’t see the fun in person, the iHeartRadio Jingle Ball Tour will be part of an exclusive network special on ABC, airing Dec. 18 and available for streaming the next day on Hulu.

	“The annual iHeartRadio Jingle Ball Tour has become the biggest holiday music event of the year featuring the hottest artists of the year playing their songs that went No. 1,” said John Sykes, president of entertainment enterprises for iHeartMedia and Tom Poleman, chief programming officer for iHeartMedia, said in a press statement. “We are thrilled to be back again with ABC to bring this year’s lineup to millions more fans across the country.”

	










	The iHeartRadio Jingle Ball Capital One Cardholder Pre-Sale begins Tuesday, Oct. 1, at 10 a.m. local time and runs through Thursday, Oct. 3, at 10 a.m. local time, or while pre-sale supplies last. Pre-sale information and tickets will be available at iHeartRadio.com/CapitalOne. All other tickets go on sale to the general public on Friday, Oct. 4, at noon local time and will be available at iHeartRadio.com/JingleBall.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.