or log in to view thedigital magazine
          

  Strawberry sodas, vanilla Cokes, grilled cheese sandwiches. That’s what we love about soda fountains.


      By W. L. Taitte

  Famous people, obscure people, fat people, skinny people all have to eat. That’s what we love about people.


      By Victoria Loe

  Simmering pots of soul food. That’s what we love about the South.


      By Richard West

  Fast food is tasteless and vulgar. There are other good things about it, too.


      By Stephen Harrigan

  China, crystal, waiters in tuxedos. That’s what we love about Tony’s.


      By Mimi Swartz

  We just rate them. You voted for them.


      By Paul Burka

  Ten years ago the Apollo astronauts, technicians and scientists all, landed on the Moon and touched what poets only dreamed. But that touch changed their lives.


      By Al Reinert

  Houston welcomes a classy Paris fashion designer with a rootin', tootin', ripsnortin' wild West show.


      By Michael Ennis

  Experts say that the chemical residues in mother’s milk aren’t enough o harm a nursing baby, but how much poison is too much?


      By Judy Benson

              Some content from this issue hasn’t been formatted for our website yet. Subscribers can see the following articles and columns as they appeared in the July 1979 issue by flipping through the digital magazine.


              Not a subscriber? Subscribe today.


  Leon Breeden’s jazz students at North Texas State University are already pros, and they have recorded two new albums to prove it.


      By Doug Ramsey

  Did Helmut Gernsheim make a mistake when he sold his priceless photography collection to UT?


      By Michael Ennis

  Five new books: three thrillers, one chiller, and a swan song.


      By Texas Monthly

  Fill ‘er up, but don’t spill any gas on my Ralph Lauren boots.


      By William Broyles

  Congregation Beth Israel in Houston remembers the Holocaust quietly; Allandale Baptist Church in Austin isn’t quiet about anything.


      By William Martin

  Houston Opera Studio’s students learn their way into the limelight.


      By W. L. Taitte

  Friendly faces in friendly places. That’s what we love about our old favorites.


      By Texas Monthly

  The Whole Shootin’ Match is a Texas film with Texas actors that took a year to get shown in Texas.


      By George Morris

  Space cadet.


      By Gregory Curtis

  Staying up all night setting type may not sound like the good life, but it is.


      By Pat Hathcock

  Neither the Lone Star Café nor Debby Boone is what country music is all about, and a few Texas citizens are trying to set the record straight.


      By Joe Nick Patoski

      By Texas Monthly

  Suffering the lines at the gas pump; gambling in the magazine business; a dragnet for the Southwest’s sneakiest thief; what’s Dallas’ secret?


      By John Bloom

      By Texas Monthly

  Texas real estate up for grabs; will Houston get a third daily newspaper?


      By Paul Burka

  A Paris fashion show and the cotton-eyed Joe, nowhere but Texas.


      By Michael Ennis

  Talent marries business sense at Dallas’ Theater Onstage.


      By W. L. Taitte

  Card tricks and vintage flicks.


      By Patricia Sharpe

        We report on vital issues from politics to education and are the indispensable authority on the Texas scene, covering everything from music to cultural events with insightful recommendations.
      

        Copyright © 2025. All Rights Reserved.