Taylor Swift's The Tortured Poets Department has been declared the biggest album of 2024 so far.
Noah Kahan's hit Stick Season is the most popular song of the year to date, according to the mid-2024 update from the Official Charts Company. The track ruled the UK Official Singles Chart for seven consecutive weeks at the start of 2024, making it the longest-running number one single of the year thus far.
The singer's first number one has racked up 1.37 million chart units, including a whopping 160 million combined audio and video streams in 2024 alone. Despite being released back in 2022, it only topped the charts this year, after pop sensation Olivia Rodrigo covered it and it went viral on TikTok.
Taylor's 11th studio album has achieved success on the UK Official Albums Chart since its April release, spending seven of its 10 chart weeks at number one, and the rest at number two, where it currently resides. Even though it's been out for just two months, the album has already amassed over 542,200 chart units, including 251,000 physical sales, making it the most physically-purchased LP of the year to date.
Including re-recordings, the album marks Swift's 12th UK number one, equalling Madonna's long-standing all-time chart record. The Tortured Poets Department also boasted the biggest opening week of any artist since Ed Sheeran's Divide in 2017.
Taylor's album is hot on the heels of The Weeknd's greatest hits compilation, The Highlights, sitting at number two, and Kahan's Stick Season album holding the third spot. Olivia Rodrigo's Guts and Billie Eilish's Hit Me Hard And Soft complete the top five albums of the year so far.
In the singles chart for the year to date, Teddy Swims' Lose Control, Benson Boone's Beautiful Things, Sabrina Carpenter's Espresso, and Hozier's Too Sweet, round out the top five.
The Official Charts Company has forecasted that Carpenter's track will climb the ranks as the year progresses, after it enjoyed a five-week stint at number one, before being dethroned by her subsequent release, Please Please Please.
The outlet reports a spike in the popularity of country music in the UK reflected in the mid-year chart, with Beyoncé's Texas Hold Em securing the sixth spot in the singles chart, followed by Austin by Dasha and Shaboozey's A Bar Song (Tipsy), both of which are in the top 20.
Glam rock newcomers, The Last Dinner Party, saw their debut album, which topped the charts, land at 37 in the mid-year albums chart, just days after they entertained a massive crowd on the Other Stage at Glastonbury Festival.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.