Billboard's Country Rookie of the Month for December opens up about how the past year has changed his life.

													By
												

	Jessica Nicholson


	Less than 12 months ago, Hudson Westbrook was attending school and making a living breaking cattle in his native Texas, with plans to join his family working in the oil and gas industry. Instead, he’s released a self-titled debut EP, has a slate of hit streaming songs to his credit — including “5 to 9” and “House Again” — and has swiftly added his name to a growing crop of new artists forging their music on traditional country sounds and timeless songwriting.





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Mase Wants Fans to Vote If He Should Attend Diddy's Trial		
	



	05/02/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Dean Dillon		
					






















	
		
					Midland		
					






















	
		
					Parker McCollum		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	“It’s been crazy,” Westbrook tells Billboard of his whirlwind year. “It’s gone way better than I expected, and I’d be happy if we had even half of the success we’ve had so far.”

	










	Growing up in Stephenville, Westbrook’s life revolved around sports and farm life. He was part of a state championship-winning high school football team. He also worked with cattle and was involved with Future Farmers of America, serving as a chapter president for 75 schools.




			Trending on Billboard		






	He began playing guitar in 2020 and wrote his first song after enrolling at Texas Tech last year. In April, Westbrook released his breakthrough song “Take It Slow,” which has earned over 10 million Spotify streams. Soon after he released his first video, Hudson says various music executives began reaching out, so he sought advice from a fellow Texan and musician, Grant Gilbert, who pointed him toward the Warner Music Nashville-distributed River House Artists.

	“He was like, ‘These are the best people I can guide you towards,’ and then I talked to a booking agent and they said the same thing — ‘I trust them. I’ve seen it firsthand.’” Westbrook says.

	With River House since May, and managed by River House’s director of creative/A&R Zebb Luster, Westbrook has followed with a steady slate of resonant songs over the past several months, including “Dopamine,” the romantic “5 to 9” (11.5 million Spotify streams since its August release) and the sobering “House Again” (over 14 million Spotify streams since its October release). In the process, he’s seen his Spotify followers swell to more than 2.6 million monthly listeners.

	“When I started writing, I really was pushing myself to get outside of my comfort zone and find who I am as an artist,” Westbrook says. “When we released ‘5 to 9,’ I was like, ‘This is real; I think this can work.’ I feel like that’s a major reason why this is working right now, is because I’m writing about stuff that I’m experiencing firsthand.”

	










	Westbrook’s “House Again” reached No. 14 on Billboard‘s Hot Country Songs chart. In November came his seven-song, self-titled project, which reached No. 46 on Top Country Albums, while Westbrook rose to No. 25 on Emerging Artists. According to Luminate, Westbrook’s catalog has earned 79.6 million official on-demand U.S. streams.

	Those streams have translated to burgeoning concert audiences, and Westbrook says he’s doing his best to connect with as many of his fans as possible.

	“We did a free show at Billy Bob’s in Fort Worth and a thousand people showed up,” he recalls. “The merch line was four hours long, and I sat there and signed all those. Then, we went to open for Midland [in September] and the merch line was still going by the middle of their set.”

	Westbrook seems poised to continue his ascendant trajectory in 2025. January will see the launch of his own headlining tour, while he will also play several country festivals in the summer. He also has his sights set on releasing a full album.

	Westbrook, Billboard’s Country Rookie of the Month for December, opened up about his career journey, songwriting, and his favorite music.

What is the story behind “House Again”?

	We came up with the hook and I was like, “What if this was about my parents’ divorce?” and we wrote about just little things that I experienced as a child, watching as my parents got divorced. I used to live in the country with tons of land around our house, then I had to move to a golf course [community] with like point zero of an acre around it. It was a big change. I feel like it was expressing my frustration as a kid, watching that happen and not being able to control any of it or figure out why it’s not working.

	










You worked with several top songwriters on your EP, including Marv Green. What was it like writing songs for this project?

	It was great. I was very nervous. You’re a new artist, your whole life just changed. These people have been doing this for years and have written number ones and you’re like, “Screw me. I’m going into this room and anything I say is going to sound dumb.” I feel like the day we wrote “House Again” was the first day that really opened up, like “This was my idea. This was my experience.” I realized I have to make sure I speak up about my experiences, and that I’m writing about something that I experienced because I relate to that best and I can write towards that best.

Who would you like to write or record with?

	I think Randy Montana is my dream [co-writer], and Dean Dillon. I love all the older dudes that have created country into what it is today. And then I think for collabs, Megan Moroney would be really cool, and Parker McCollum or Ella Langley.

What is a song you wish you had written?

	“Like a Cowboy” by Parker McCollum, written by Chris Stapleton and Al Anderson.

What is your desert island album?

	Benson Boone’s Fireworks & Rollerblades.

What is your take on the current state of country music?

	I think everything new is going to go back to old. I think people are leaning toward sounds like Merle Haggard and Tracy Lawrence. I think we’re seeing that firsthand with Zach Top. People are leaning towards those older sounds.

What television show are you watching right now?

	I started watching Landman on Paramount Plus. It’s a movie about what I would be doing if I wasn’t doing music. I watch it and I’m like, “Dude, there’s still something there.” I still would love to do that one day. I’ve never watched Yellowstone, but Landman right now is my stuff.

	










What is a holiday memory that stands out to you?

	I think a Christmas memory that stood out to me is [from] three Christmases ago, when my grandpa was about to pass away. He sat all of us down and told us that he was going to pass away, but he prayed and said that everything was going to be okay. He was like, “Don’t worry about me. Y’all keep doing Christmas at my house. Y’all are always welcome to do Christmas here.” It was really sad, but it was really cool to watch him be like, ‘Y’all are still welcome here.”

What does being from Texas mean to you?

	I’m always going to stay loyal to Texas. I live in Lubbock. If you live in Nashville — and not hating on anyone that lives [in Nashville] — but it can become a very cycle-based lifestyle. Write at 10, write at 2, play shows on the weekend — I love music, but I find beauty in separating yourself from what you love, so that you love it more once you do it again.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.