The 2024 MTV EMAs are taking place this Sunday (10 November) at Manchester’s Co-op Live, with superstar performers and presenters to take the stage.
Internationally acclaimed singer-songwriter Rita Ora is hosting the event at the UKs largest music and entertainment venue.
MTV has announced an eclectic mix of performers for the awards ceremony including award-winning singer-songwriter RAYE, Beautiful Things singer Benson Boone and Lose Control singer Teddy Swims.
Read more: Manchester commuters set for big surprise as music superstar takes over tram announcements
This year’s MTV EMAs will also see an array of talented presenters hand out awards. The presents include film star and rumoured James Bond Aaron Taylor-Johnson, Emily in Paris’ Lucien Laviscount as well as actor Jodie Turner-Smith who is known for roles in The Last Ship and Anne Boleyn.
This year at the MTV EMAs there are 18 categories and members of the public have been voting for free to choose this year’s winners.
The categories are: Best K-Pop, Best Video, Biggest Fans, Best Afrobeats, Best Electronic, Best Latin, Best Rock, Best Alternative, Best R&B, Best Hip-Hop, Best Pop, Best Collaboration, Best PUSH, Best Live, Best New, Best Song, Best Artist, Best UK and Ireland Act.
Nominees include Taylor Swift, Billie Eilish, Post Malone, Eminem, Chappell Roan, Sabrina Carpenter, Lady Gaga, Kendrick Lamar, Charlie xcx plus many more.
On hosting the MTV EMAs, Rita Ora said: “I’m over the moon that I get to be back with my MTV family hosting the EMAs for the third time! The EMAs stage has become like another home for me, and this year’s show in Manchester is going to be absolutely incredible!
“We’ve got an amazing lineup of music performances and plenty of surprises in store. We’re all ‘mad fer it!’
The 2024 EMAs will be broadcast live on Sunday 10 November at 9pm on MTV UK, Channel 5, Pluto TV and will be available to watch on demand on Paramount+ from 12 November.
The EMAs will be broadcast live starting at 9pm on Sunday 10 November.
You can watch the 2024 MTV EMAs live on MTV UK, Channel 5, Pluto TV and from 12 November you can watch the show back on Paramount+.
Members of the general public have been voting for their favourite artists over the past few weeks. The artist with the most votes within their category win the award. For the Best Video award, the winner is chosen by MTV.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.