Because of you…
Miranda Lambert recently appeared on The Kelly Clarkson Show, and apparently made quite the impression on the American Idol winner. 
Lambert, who released her latest album Postcards From Texas last month, and show host Kelly Clarkson performed multiple songs together, including Lambert's "No Man's Land."
The duo also came together for a surprise duet of pop breakout star Chappell Roan's hit, "Good Luck, Babe!" after realizing they were both fans. 
The two sassy singing sensations' chemistry was off-the-charts, and apparently Lambert's ex-husband, Blake Shelton, noticed. 
READ MORE: 25 Photos of Kelly Clarkson Young
According to Life & Style, Clarkson and Lambert's budding friendship could potentially "complicate" the "Stronger" singer's relationship with her former The Voice co-star, who is married to Gwen Stefani.
"Kelly’s realized Miranda’s not a baddie at all, in fact, she’s a sweetheart and she’s going to give her support and be kind and generous even if it jeopardizes her friendship with Blake," the insider dished. 
The source insisted that "Miranda's putting on the charm" as she "knows Kelly is a friend of Blake’s."
"No one would put it past Miranda to steal Kelly away and fill her head with junk about her ex. The feeling is Kelly would believe anything. She’s incredibly nice but gullible," the source told the outlet. 
READ MORE: Kelly Clarkson Puts a Sultry Spin on Carrie Underwood’s “Blown Away”: WATCH
Editor's Opinion: Although, yes, it could be a little awkward to be friends with someone who is associates with your ex. Everyone in this situation is an adult, and someone else's opinion of someone shouldn't sway your thoughts or hinder your relationship with that individual.
Donny Meacham is the co-host of PopCrush Nights, a syndicated radio show heard on more than 100 pop radio stations nationwide. Listen to PopCrush Nights every weeknight starting at 7PM by downloading the PopCrush App. Or listen online 24/7, here! Donny has chatted with some of today's top stars, like Olivia Rodrigo, Selena Gomez, Coldplay's Chris Martin, Meghan Trainor, Charlie Puth, Benson Boone and more!
Gallery Credit: Jessica Norton