Martha Stewart is single and ready to mingle!
The design diva has reportedly turned to bestie Snoop Dogg for "relationship advice."
Snoop Dogg happily accepted the challenge, and "jumped at the chance to play matchmaker," according to RadarOnline.
"He can't understand why a beautiful soul like Martha hasn't snagged a guy when she looks so great and much younger than her age," the insider spilled.
READ MORE: Martha Stewart’s Shocking Confession: ‘Bathing Suits Are My Underwear!’
Martha wed Andrew Stewart in 1961, and they welcomed daughter Alexis in 1965. The duo split in 1990, and since the former daytime TV star has been linked to a few men, but none of those flings stood the test of time.
"The options haven't been good in terms of serving up a guy who's sexy and charming and eligible," the source said, noting that the "Drop It Like It's Hot" rapper is ensuring that any potential suitor is up to par.
"Snoop is doing a search of all his contacts to try to come up with some dates and helping Martha to get out more," the insider explained.
READ MORE: Rappers’ Real Names – Travis Scott, Cardi B, Drake and More
The father-of-four has apparently been getting Martha out of the house in hopes of landing her a bachelor.
"It's good for Martha to get out. She spends too much time by herself. She is too proud to complain, but it can't be nice making dinner for one all the time," the source added.
Snoop Dogg and his wife Shante Broadus tied the knot in June 1997, and have three children together: sons Corde, and Cordell, as well as daughter Cori. He also has a son, Julian, from a previous relationship.
Donny Meacham is the co-host of PopCrush Nights, a syndicated radio show heard on more than 100 pop radio stations nationwide. Listen to PopCrush Nights every weeknight starting at 7PM by downloading the PopCrush App. Or listen online 24/7, here! Donny has chatted with some of today's top stars, like Olivia Rodrigo, Selena Gomez, Coldplay's Chris Martin, Meghan Trainor, Charlie Puth, Benson Boone and more!
Gallery Credit: Donny Meacham