On the new Pop Shop Podcast, Katie & Keith are breaking down the 2025 Coachella lineup, including Lady Gaga, Post Malone, Green Day & Travis Scott up top.

	When the 2025 Coachella lineup was unveiled last week, we learned that Lady Gaga, Post Malone, Green Day and Travis Scott would headline the Indio, California, festival, and if you look below those big-font names, you’ll find there are quite a few A-listers scattered throughout the poster.

	On the new Billboard Pop Shop Podcast, Katie & Keith are breaking it all down and taking a closer look at the three-day fest, which also includes headliner-worthy names like Missy Elliott and Charli XCX; hitmakers like Benson Boone, Shaboozey, Megan Thee Stallion, Zedd and GloRilla; and K-pop superstars like ENHYPEN, LISA, JENNIE and XG.

	










	Listen to the new podcast below:




			Trending on Billboard		






	Also on the show, Shaboozey’s “A Bar Song (Tipsy)” ties the all-time record for the most weeks atop the Billboard Hot 100 songs chart with 19 total weeks in the lead. Plus, it’s a big week for K-pop on the Billboard 200 as ATEEZ bow atop the list while BTS’ Jin debuts at No. 4 and ENHYPEN re-enters at No. 7, giving K-pop three titles in the top 10 for the first time.

	We’re also chatting about the just-revealed finalists for the 2024 Billboard Music Awards, where Zach Bryan leads the way with 21 nods ahead of the Dec. 12 awards show.

The Billboard Pop Shop Podcast is your one-stop shop for all things pop on Billboard’s weekly charts. You can always count on a lively discussion about the latest pop news, fun chart stats and stories, new music, and guest interviews with music stars and folks from the world of pop. Casual pop fans and chart junkies can hear Billboard’s executive digital director, West Coast, Katie Atkinson and Billboard’s managing director, charts and data operations, Keith Caulfield every week on the podcast, which can be streamed on Billboard.com or downloaded in Apple Podcasts or your favorite podcast provider. (Click here to listen to the previous edition of the show on Billboard.com.)
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.