Expert-picked Mother's Day gifts for every type of mom, from $15
Sections
Shows
More
Follow today
More Brands
Ariana Brockington
Taylor Swift began the VMAs with a win and ended the night with another moon person in hand. 
The pop star won the final award of the evening, video of the year, for her song "Fortnight," featuring Post Malone. She collected the award with Post Malone by her side. 
She spoke about the wonderful experience of making, directing and editing the video. Swift mentioned all the actors and collaborators who helped make "Fortnight" before telling a sweet story about beau Travis Kelce.
"Something that I'll always remember is that when I would finish a take and I'd say 'Cut' and we'd be done with that take, I would always just hear someone, like cheering and like, 'Woo!' from across the studio where we were shooting it."
She added, "And that one person was my boyfriend Travis," as the crowd erupted. 
"Everything this man touches turns to happiness and fun and magic so I want to thank him for adding that to our shoot," she sweetly said. 
Swift then thanked the Swifties for all the support they've shown to her for "The Tortured Poets Department" and "The Eras Tour."
She ended her speech by pointing out that it was a fan-voted award and encouraged every adult to register to vote. 
The day before the VMAs, Swift endorsed Kamala Harris in the U.S. presidential election following the first debate between Harris and Donald Trump.
Liz Calvario
It was a night filled with nods and tributes dedicated to the princess of pop Britney Spears. 
Megan Thee Stallion wore a Spears "I’m a Slave 4 U"-inspired ensemble complete with a live boa constrictor, Sabrina Carpenter also inserted a snippet of a Spears' song and had an "Oops!... I Did It Again" astronaut nod in her performance. 
But among the most stylish and talk-worthy included Tate McRae who donned a netted black mini dress over a black bra and underwear. The look was reminiscent of Spears' look at the 2001 MTV Video Music Awards on Sept. 6. 
During the NY-held awards show, Spears wore black undergarments under a lacy, long-sleeved mini dress. 
McRae also kept her hair loose and wavy and had softer makeup to resemble Spears. 
The moments serve to prove the impact Spears had and continues to have on the awards show. The "Stronger" singer was a MTV and VMAs staple in the early aughts, being the star of many headline-making moments. 
Spears made her VMAs debut in 1999 when she performed "... Baby One More Time," re-creating her school room video. Then there was her Rolling Stones "Satisfaction" cover at the 2000s ceremony, which transitioned to her steamy and nearly nude, sequin catsuit and performance of "Oops!...I Did It Again."
Let's not forget when she and Christina Aguilera performed with Madonna at the 2003 VMAs. Spears and Aguilera first sang "Like a Virgin" and were joined by Madonna to sing "Hollywood." This performance included the infamous moment when Madonna shared a kiss with Spears and Aguilera. 
Elena Nicolaou
Rounding out the night, let's see how Taylor Swift fared. She was up for 12 awards total. She won:
At seven wins, that brings her total count from 23 to 30. She now ties with Beyoncé.
Ariana Brockington
While collecting the best Latin award for her track “Mil Veces,” Anitta took the opportunity to praise Karol G. 
After thanking her fans, she said, "What an amazing year for the Latin culture. I need to acknowledge that Karol G had an amazing, amazing year."
She added, "What an amazing tour. The whole world was watching. So I also want to say congrats to all the nominees, too."
She expressed her gratitude for Brazil and said she was honored to represent her country at the award show each year. 
Elena Nicolaou
If there was anyone enjoying herself at the VMAs, it was Taylor Swift — specifically, while she was watching Katy Perry perform.
Before accepting the Video Vanguard Award, Perry sang some of her greatest hits, and Swift appeared to know every word. She mouthed along to "California Gurls" and "Firework" with passion and danced with just as much.
The two stars were once rumored to be embroiled in a feud but have seemed to move on based on recent interactions.
They reunited at one of Swift’s “Eras Tour” stops in Sydney, Australia, which Perry attended with fellow singer Rita Ora.
Perry shared pics and videos of the fun Feb. 23 on Instagram. She included a photo of her and Swift smiling as they embraced.
“Got to see an old friend shine tonight,” Perry captioned her collection.
Read more about Katy Perry and Taylor Swift.
Ariana Brockington
A shirtless Lenny Kravitz rocked out on the VMAs stage with a white feathered boa around his shoulders.
The rockstar opened his performance with "Are You Gonna Go My Way" before singing his new song, "Human."
He continued to strum his guitar as he transitioned to his classic, "Fly Away." Kravitz recently re-released the track with the title "FLY," a collaboration with Quavo. 
The rapper joined him on VMAs stage to rap his verse as the crowd roared. 
Liz Calvario
Before Carson Daly became a TODAY co-host, he was known as the face of the iconic MTV music video countdown show "Total Request Live," also known as "TRL."
He made a nostalgic return to the VMAs to present the best K-pop category. But before announcing the winner, he honored the victims of Sept. 11, saying "on this day, 23 years ago, never forget our heroes, the first responders, and the families of the fallen."
Daly then said it was "an honor" to be there presenting for the 40th anniversary of the VMAs. 
"For those of you who are a little too young to know who I am, I was the host of a show on MTV called 'Total Request Live' or 'TRL,' a very long time ago," he said. "It was the best, kids going crazy in Times Square, and every day after school I was with your mother, so please, tell her I said hi."
Daly then went on to hand out an award "to a new generation of fans going crazy for a category that didn't even exist back in the day." 
Before presenting the award, which went to LISA, Daly and his son Jackson Daly posed for photos on the black carpet. The two chatted with TODAY on the red carpet and how he felt returning to his old stomping grounds with his son. 
“It’s fun to be with my son, have Jackson here,” he said. “He’s heard a lot about the VMAs over the years and we don’t live far, so this is like a home event for us.”
He also shared how it felt like going to a college reunion. 
Ariana Brockington
Rauw Alejandro, a first-time VMA nominee, opted for medley of his biggest hits for his performance.
He glided onto the stage, showing off his dance moves in a black hat and trench coat.
Dancers filled the stage and musicians played the bongos around him. 
The singer performed "Touching the Sky," "Diluvio" and "Déjame Entrar."
Alejandro debuted Déjame Entrar for the first time on TODAY in July as part of the Citi Concert Series. 
Elena Nicolaou
Halsey walked the red carpet for the VMAs with flowing red locks. When she appeared on the stage to perform "Ego," though, she had a totally new look, sporting a red pixie cut.
Halsey turned up the emotion for the rock performance, which unfolded in a set that looked like a home's garage. She played guitar beside other women musicians. 
Liz Calvario
After an exhilarating performance of three of her latest hits, Sabrina Carpenter  was pleasantly surprised to win her first VMA — and it was a major one. 
The singer took home the moon person for song of the year for “Espresso.”  
"I've literally never won one of these. This is really special. The first people I want to thank are the fans," she said. "I just want to say you guys are the reason that I get to do what I love, but also the reason that we get to have so much fun and share music with each other. And I just feel so great, but I have the best truly, the best fans. That sounds cheesy, but I love you. Thank you."
Carpenter went on to thank her managers, her family and even her "cats and dogs that are at home watching." 
"And thank you to the people that made 'Espresso,'" she continued, naming them, before saying, "I love you guys so much, I love making music with you, and I can't wait to share more with the world."
Ariana Brockington
Megan Thee Stallion briefly took a break from her hosting duties to perform her viral hit "Mamushi" with Yuki Chiba. 
The rapper began her VMAs medley with "Boa" before launching into more songs from her latest album, like "B.A.S." and "HISS."
Megan Thee Stallion then showed off her dance moves before welcoming Chiba to the stage for their collaboration, "Mamushi." 
Elena Nicolaou
Benson Boone performed his hit, "Beautiful Things," which has over 1 billion streams on Spotify, at the VMAs.
Clad in a sparkly blue jumpsuit, Boone gradually ramped up the energy of his performance. He started off demure and went to brat, so to speak. At one point, he forward flipped into the chorus.
His performance won over audiences. "The...jumpsuit. The high notes. The FLIPS. I’m impressed… Benson Boone knows how to put on a SHOW!" one X user wrote. Another didn't know why Boone did the flip, but it made them "cackle."
Others took to all caps to express their awe.
Sabrina Carpenter, in the audience, couldn't hide her shock at the flip.
Liz Calvario
If there's one thing you can count on during an awards show that Taylor Swift attends, it's that she's going to dance without a care in the world.
The pop star did just that right from the beginning of the VMAs. As cameras panned to her, she was seen shaking her hips and singing along to a number of performances. 
Swift then had a fun merengue moment with Karol G while the Colombian singer performed her merengue hit “Si Antes Te Hubiera Conocido.”
As Karol went up to Swift and Post Malone, the "Lovers" singer swayed her body, holding onto the skirt of her corset and dancing along. One of Karol's dancers also took Malone's hand and twirled herself. 
Elena Nicolaou
Tyla, the South African superstar up for best new artist, won her first VMA of the evening when "Water" took best Afrobeats song.
"The global impact that 'Water' has had on the world just proves that African music can be pop music too," she said in her speech.
She took a moment to speak about the categorization of the song, too.
"This is so special, but also bittersweet because there is a tendency to group all artists under Afrobeats," she said. "African music is so diverse."
Liz Calvario
Every VMAs, MTV selects one artist to bestow the coveted Video Vanguard Award. This year's recipient is none other than Katy Perry, who has been an MTV staple with fun and dynamic music videos like "Hot N Cold," "California Gurls," "Firework," "Roar," "Waking Up in Vegas" and more. 
Perry's partner Orlando Bloom introduced her, calling her a "global superstar who brings love light and her unique sense of humor to everything."
Perry kicked off her medley performance by singing "Dark Horse," followed by "E.T.," "I’m His, He’s Mine" with doechii, and "California Gurls."
The fun didn't stop there as she continued with "Teenage Dream," "I Kissed A Girl," "Firework" and more. 
"Thank you so much to MTV for believing in my weirdness from day one and for helping artists extend their world," she said after Bloom gave her the award. 
She also thanked everyone on her team and who has helped her along the way as an artist, as well as her fans, Bloom and her daughter Daisy.
Perry concluded her speech with a poignant message: "I just want to say with my whole heart, do whatever it takes to stay true to yourself and turn off social media, safeguard your mental health. Pause, touch grass, and do what you were born to do, just like I was born to do this."
The mega honor comes on the heels of Perry’s upcoming new album, “143,” which is set to come out next week. The singer has already released the song "Woman's World" and its accompanying music video, which upon its released received mixed reactions.
Her second single from the album was "Lifetimes," which also was controversial after it was revealed that Perry’s production company didn’t get permission to film in a protected area in Spain. She also sang this song during the end of her VMAs performance. 
A label spokesperson told TODAY.com in a statement, "We adhered to all regulations associated with filming in this area and have the utmost respect for this location and the officials tasked with protecting it.”
Elena Nicolaou
Before Katy Perry took the stage to perform and accept the Video Vanguard Award, her fiancé Orlando Bloom introduced her as the woman he knows.
"You fell in love with her as Katy Perry. I fell in love with her as Katheryn Hudson," he said, referring to her real name.
Perry, in a previous interview, called Katy Perry a "character" she created, saying, “I was scared that if you saw me, Katheryn Hudson, the girl wearing the Bioré strip on my nose, you’d be like, 'That’s not glamorous.'"
He went on to draw a contrast between Perry's public-facing image as a pop star, and the woman he knows — a mom to their daughter, Daisy, and a step-mom to his son, Flynn, from a previous relationship.
"You know her as a global superstar who brings love, light and her unique sense of humor to every music video she creates. I know her as a mother, as a partner, who brings that same love and joy to our family in moments when we most needed it," he said. 
"Her music and remarkable world she creates brought a sense of joy and laughter, inspiring generations of people from all over the world," he added.
He finished his speech by saying, "Congratulations on this honor, baby, I'm so proud of you." Then he said the name of upcoming album, "143" — code for "I love you."
In her acceptance speech, she thanked Bloom for keeping her "grounded" and "doing the dishes," which may be a reference to an NFSW revelation she included on Alex Cooper's "Call Her Daddy" podcast.
Ariana Brockington
"We the best music!" DJ Khaled shared one of his signature catchphrases as he introduced his new collaboration with Anitta and Fat Joe at the VMAs.
The trio encouraged the crowd as they performed their new song for the first time. 
Anitta then made her way to the other side of the stage to perform alongside rapper Tiago PZK. 
Liz Calvario
Sabrina Carpenter gave a true pop star performance at the VMAs. The singer kicked things off by swinging from a swing up high as she crooned "Please Please Please."
As she transitioned into her second song, a snippet from Britney Spears' "Oops!…I Did It Again" was heard as an astronaut appeared, as well as a blue alien. 
As the extraterrestrial and astronaut got close on stage during "Taste," Carpenter pushed off the moon person and exchanged a kiss with the alien — a la Spears and Madonna. 
She then switched it up left and right as she closed her performance with "Espresso." The stage was then filled with multiple astronaut-dressed dancers. By the end of the singer's show, the crowd was on their feet. 
Carpenter is up for seven awards, including artist of the year. She and Jenna Ortega shared a kiss in the music video for her new song "Taste."
Liz Calvario
Shawn Mendes treated fans to a new song as part of his VMAs performance. 
The singer-songwriter strummed along on his guitar as he debuted “Nobody Knows,” the latest song from his upcoming album “Shawn.” 
Mendes appeared to be in a different location than where the awards ceremony was taking place, as he was surrounded by fans. 
Mendes had revealed that he would be performing the new song live at the awards show just days before. On his Instagram, he had said he was “absolutely BEAMING to play this song live.”
He also said he would be sharing the stage with his “brothers” Mike Sabath and Eddie Benjamin “for the first time.” 
“I can’t wait for this one," he said.
Ariana Brockington
Megan Thee Stallion just re-created an iconic VMA moment. 
After the awards ceremony played a flashback clip of Britney Spears' legendary VMA performance in 2001 when sang "I'm a Slave 4 U" with a boa constrictor around her neck, Megan Thee Stallion was shown wearing Spears' same onstage look — yellow snake included.
"OK! Stop the music! I'm just playing," Megan Thee Stallion said. "Come get this snake. I don't know this snake. This snake don't know me."
She then squealed, "Oh my God! I tried to hold it down for Britney." 
A little out of breath from the stunt, the daring host then introduced Paris Hilton to the stage. 
Elena Nicolaou
Lisa had a pyrotechnic-filled performance of "Rockstar." She's up for best choreography, among other awards, and her moves were on full display in the lively performance. 
Prior to performing the high-energy song, she kicked off her appearance by singing "New Woman," her song with Rosalía.
Liz Calvario
Taylor Swift took a moment to honor the victims of Sept. 11 during her first acceptance speech of the night. The singer and Post Malone won the inaugural award of the telecast, best collaboration for “Fortnight.”
“Waking up this morning in New York on Sept. 11. I’ve just been thinking about what happened 23 years ago,” she began her speech. “Everyone who lost a loved one, and everyone that we lost — that is the most important thing about today and everything that happens.”
The singer then went on to thank the people who worked with her on "Fortnight," as well as gave the mic over to Malone, whom she called "everyone in music's favorite person to collaborate."
Malone trails Swift in number of nominations, coming in at 11. His collaboration with Morgan Wallen, "I Had Some Help," was also up for song of the summer, but lost to "Fortnight."
Elena Nicolaou
Karol G had the crowd dancing during her VMAs performance. 
At one point, she approached Taylor Swift and the two had a merengue moment, dancing back and forth. Swift ended the performance on her feet; Karol G was beaming, too. Singer Camila Cabello also joined in on the fun.
Karol G is nominated for best Latin artist.
Elena Nicolaou
Flava Flav and Olympic gymnast Jordan Chiles presented the first award at the VMAs ceremony. Ahead of the presentation, Flava Flav said he wanted to make this a "little Olympics moment."
He proceeded to draw attention to the bronze medal controversy that drew eyes and attention at the Olympics. Chiles, in an upset, lost the bronze medal she was first awarded in the women's floor finals at the recent Paris Olympics. Romanian gymnast Ana Bărbosu received the accolade instead.
"I know they tried to take your medal away from you. But you know what? I got you something that they can't take away from you," the rapper said. 
He also said he had "prize money" for her. It's unclear whether that meant he is providing the money that she would have received with the bronze. TODAY.com has reached out to Flava Flav for comment.
"Jordan, you did your thing. You deserve everything," she said.
"What an honor," Chiles responded.
Chiles publicly addressed the situation while attending the Forbes Power Women’s Summit on Wednesday, Sept. 11, People reported.
“The biggest thing that was taken from me was that it was the recognition of who I was. Not just my sport, but the person I am,” Chiles said when asked about being stripped of her medal.
Flava Flav is an official sponsor for the U.S. Olympics water polo team.
Ariana Brockington
Host Megan Thee Stallion strutted onto the stage to welcome the crowd and viewers at home to the 2024 VMAs in an outfit inspired by Simone Biles.
The rapper received a thunderous applause as she appeared in a red, white and blue leotard, similar to the leotards Team USA wore during the 2024 Paris Olympics. 
Megan Thee Stallion gave Biles a shout out and joked, "She let me borrow this. I just added a few things." 
As the audience cheered, the "HISS" singer added, "Clearly I deserve a gold medal for being a bad b----!"
The hot girl host certainly knows how to make an entrance. 
Liz Calvario
Now guess who's back with a brand new track? None other than Eminem, also known as Slim Shady. 
The rapper made his return to the MTV VMAs by opening the show and performing his song "Houdini" from his latest album, "The Death of Slim Shady (Coup de Grâce)." 
Among the people that crowded the stage included a slew of Slim Shadys, and a bleached-haired wig-wearing Em. The performance was a nod to his previous 2000 VMAs performance people in white tees and jeans made their way to the stage and he sang “Real Slim Shady."
The rapper, sans wig, then transitioned and sang his song with Jelly Roll, "Somebody Save Me." The country singer, however, was not in attendance. 
Elena Nicolaou
Taylor Swift is here! Swift, who is up for 12 awards, arrived to the black carpet in a plaid getup. 
Her Christian Dior plaid dress is yellow and dark green, cinched with a belt and cascading over black shorts and black ankle boots. She is wearing her hair long and cascading. It's all topped off with dark eyeliner and pale yellow earrings.
Could this edgy look be a clue that the singer is about to announce her new era — a return to the "Reputation" era? 
Ariana Brockington
Taylor Swift has already collected her first VMA of the night.
During the red carpet pre-show, Swift was announced as the winner of song of the summer for her song "Fortnight," the lead single off her latest album, "The Tortured Poets Department." 
Song of the summer is a fan-voted category, which means Swifties helped the pop star land her latest moon person. 
After the VMAs shared the winner on X, Taylor Nation, the official fan account for Swift, retweeted the post and cheered, "Studies (and your votes) show that Fortnight was, in fact, the #VMAs Song of The Summer!!!"
Liz Calvario
While on the pre-show, Katy Perry was given her first VMA moon person of the night. The artist, who is also being honored with the Video Vanguard Award, won most iconic performance for "Roar."
She was up against the following:
During the MTV pre-show, Perry thanked her fans, the "KatyCats," saying, “I love you so much. Don’t make me cry.”
When asked about how it feels to get the Video Vanguard award, she also said, "It's incredible because that means I have had fans for a lifetime, and my fans are showing up for me like never before." 
Check out more winners as they are announced throughout the night, here. 
Elena Nicolaou
Responding to the win, Kravitz said on the red carpet that is a painter, only that he "paints with sound."
When asked to describe his forthcoming performance, Kravitz had one word: Fire.
Also nominated were Bon Jovi, Coldplay, Green Day, Kings of Leon and U2.
Ariana Brockington
Addison Rae had all eyes on her when she strutted down the VMAs carpet.
The 23-year-old wore white lingerie, featuring a bra with feathers attached to the straps and a voluminous tulle tutu. 
Fans reacted to Rae's look on X. 
One wrote, "Addison Rae bringing fun back to the VMAs."
Another cheered, "OMG ADDISON RAE ?? POP CULTURE IS SO BACK MAN."
A third said, "Addison rae the icon you are #vmas." 
Elena Nicolaou and Liz Calvario
That's her, Sabrina!
Carpenter, who is up for seven awards at the VMAs including artist of the year, arrived at the carpet  in a vintage Bob Mackie white dress that not only channeled Marilyn Monroe, but was previously worn by Madonna. 
The silver sequined gown, paired with a silver necklace and voluminous wavy hair, brought a sense of Old Hollywood glamour to the awards show. Madonna felt the same way and previously wore the piece to the 1991 Oscars. The queen of pop also rocked a red lip and a blonde curled bob when wearing it.
Carpenter, meanwhile, has become a star to watch this summer. Her song “Espresso“ became a viral hit leading up to the release of her album “Short n’ Sweet” in August.
Liz Calvario
Halsey made a fashion statement at the VMAs carpet. The singer donned a Gianni Versace classic, previously worn by Elizabeth Hurley in the '90s. 
Hurley wore the custom creation to attend the opening of a new Versace Boutique in New York on Oct. 26, 1996.
"This dress was literally a miracle to find," Halsey said during the VMAs red carpet pre-show. "This dress was designed by Gianni Versace for Elizabeth Hurley 1996, and it hasn't been worn since. So from 1996 to me right now."
Halsey added that she was "living it up," and "loving" getting the chance to wear the red and black cheetah-print dress. 
Ariana Brockington
While walking the VMAs red carpet with husband Brendan McLoughlin, country music star Miranda Lambert chatted with TODAY.com about the future of the genre and who belongs in it.
When asked about this current era of country music, Lambert replied, "I think there's something for everybody in country music, and I love that."
She added, "I love that a whole new audience is finding country and I don't care how y'all got here. I'm just glad you're here. Because Nashville has so much to offer. Country music has so much to offer. The music out of Texas has so much to offer."
As she prepared to head inside, Lambert said she was looking forward to watching Chappell Roan perform. 
Lambert also spoke today about her new album arriving Sept. 13 called "Postcards from Texas." She said the record represents her going back to her roots. 
Liz Calvario
Shaboozey continues to dominate the charts and rightfully so. 
The singer’s song “A Bar Song (Tipsy)” topped Billboard’s Country Airplay chart for a seventh week. It surpassed Carrie Underwood’s “Jesus, Take the Wheel,” which held on strong for six week at No. 1 in 2006, according to Billboard. 
With everyone listening to the artist’s hit, TODAY.com asked Shaboozey on the black carpet the craziest place he’s heard “A Bar Song (Tipsy)”
“A little bodega in New York was pretty interesting,” he said. “Anywhere I hear it is pretty cool, honestly.”
Ariana Brockington
Chappell Roan is on the VMAs red carpet and she is fired up!
The "HOT TO GO!" singer, who is a first-time nominee tonight, arrived in a  Y/Project ensemble featuring a Medieval-style green robe and a sheer brown gown underneath. 
She paired the look with over-the-knee silver boots and carried a sword.
Roan later took off her jacket before having a heated reaction seemingly with a photographer. In a clip shared by Elite Daily, someone off camera can be heard saying "Shut the f--- up!"
The singer, who is also performing, then turns around, points her finger and says, "You shut the f--- up!"
After briefly fixing the train of her dress, she speaks to the photographer again. 
"Don't!" she said. "Not me, b----!"
Later, Roan spoke to Nessa about her look, revealing that it was years in the making. 
"That robe that I had on — it's gone — was 300 years old," she shared. "Then the rug that was rolled out is 600 years old." 
She said the items were rented and added, "That is the most expensive thing I would ever own." 
Roan, whose single “Good Luck, Babe!” is nominated for song of the summer, has become known and beloved for her outspoken personality. Fans will get to see her bring that spirited energy to the VMAs stage in her debut.   
Liz Calvario
Couples that color coordinate at the VMAs together, stay together!
Country superstar Miranda Lambert and husband Brendan McLoughlin had a date night at the awards ceremony. 
The pair both donned sleek black suits with black shoes for the occasion. Lambert's outfit included a fashionable lapel that included turquoise and white embellishments, as did her bustier that peeped from her blazer. 
Lambert and McLoughlin have been married since 2019 and frequently attend awards shows together. 
Her new album, "Postcards from Texas," is out this month. 
On the VMAs red carpet, she told TODAY.com it's "honky tonk as hell."
"I haven't made a record in Texas since I was 18. It's really back to the root of what started it all for me. This record feels full circle for me," she said.
Ariana Brockington
As we wait for the 2024 Video Music Awards to begin, let's take a trip back 15 years ago to one of the most infamous ceremonies.
At the 2009 ceremony on Sept. 13, Taylor Swift was accepting the award for best female video for her song "You Belong With Me" when Ye, the artist formally known as Kanye West, interrupted her speech and took the microphone. 
The rapper then proceeded to tell the crowd that he believed Beyoncé, who was nominated in the same category for her song "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)," had "one of the best videos of all time."
Beyoncé and the crowd were shocked as Kanye darted off the stage, marking the beginning of his long-standing feud with Swift. 
At the end of the ceremony, Beyoncé won the video of the year award and invited Swift to return to the stage and finish her speech. 
Fifteen years later, Beyoncé and Swift continued to dominate award shows and both landed multiple nominations at the 2024 VMAs. 
Liz Calvario
This year's MTV VMAs red carpet had an edgier look as the stars stepped onto a black carpet. 
One could say the carpet and step-and-repeat gave off galaxy vibes, which is fitting since the awards ceremony is known for giving winners a moon person. 
Celebrities and guests posed in front of an inky backdrop adorned with a silver metallic VMAs sign. 
Liz Calvario
There's just no holding back Shawn Mendes! 
The singer teased his upcoming VMAs performance by sharing a video of himself shirtless with two other men — all while standing on the edge of a rooftop. The "Stitches" crooner is gearing up for the release of his upcoming album, "Shawn," which is set to be released on Oct. 18. 
The first two songs, "Why Why Why" and "Isn't That Enough," were released on his birthday, Aug. 8. 
Earlier this week, Mendes revealed that he would be performing a new song, "Nobody Knows," live at the VMAs. The song will be released the following day. 
"I’m absolutely BEAMING to play this song live. I’ll be on stage with my brothers @mikesabath and @eddiebenjamin for the first time ❤️‍🔥" he wrote. "I can’t wait for this one."
Liz Calvario
La Bichota has entered the building. 
Colombian superstar Karol G heated up the black carpet as she blew a kiss to cameras while posing for photos. The "Si Antes Te Hubiera Conocido" singer arrived in a flame-inspired orange and yellow dress. Her blonde locks were layered and framed around her face, while she rocked a red lip that completely her summer look. 
Karol is nominated in the best latin category for her song "Mi Ex Tenía Razón." She is also taking the stage to perform during the telecast. 
Liz Calvario
Ahead of her hosting duties, Megan Thee Stallion took her followers behind the scenes of the MTV VMAs by showing off her stunning — and gigantic — bouquet of roses she received. 
The rapper did not share who gifted her the massive floral arrangement. She only put three teary-eyed emoji to capture her feelings. 
It's a big night for the "Hot Girl Summer" rapper, who is also expected to perform during the awards ceremony. Additionally, she is up for seven awards, including best hip-hip video for "Boa" and song of the summer for her collaboration with FloRilla, "Wanna Be."
Liz Calvario
Travis Kelce will always be Team Taylor Swift.
Ahead of the VMAs, he and brother Jason Kelce on their "New Heights" podcast told people to tune in to the MTV awards ceremony. Travis Kelce also cheered on his pop star girlfriend, who is up for 12 moon people. 
“Hopefully Taylor can walk away with a few, she’s nominated for about 10 of those things. Hopefully she can walk away with some moon men," the Kansas City Chiefs star said in video shared online.
Jason Kelce also cheered on the singer, saying, "Let's go Tay, come on Tay!"
As Travis Kelce clapped, he said he wished everybody the best. But big bro Jason Kelce wasn't for that, adding, “Unless you’re up against Tay, then I hope you lose.”
Elena Nicolaou
Is Taylor Swift going to the VMAs? Chances are, yes. While she's not listed among the performers, she is arguably the draw of the evening. This is a chance to see if Swift makes VMAs history – or see how close she gets. 
At 23 total, Swift is currently eight awards from breaking Beyoncé's record of 30 VMAs. She is nominated for 12 awards and Beyoncé is up for three.
Her schedule seems free. Swift is on a break from the "Eras Tour" and was spotted in New York City at the U.S. Open with her beau Travis Kelce. The VMAs are held in Elmont, New York this year.
TODAY.com has reached out to Swift for comment.
Elena Nicolaou
Taylor Swift is on the cusp of becoming the artist with the most VMAs. Currently, the record is held by Beyoncé, who has 30 wins, per the Guinness Book of World Records.
Swift now has 23, and is up for 12 awards at tonight's awards show. She is nominated for the following awards:
If she wins seven awards, she will tie with Beyoncé. If she wins eight, she could win. At last year’s VMAs, Swift took home nine awards, so the eight needed to break the record is not impossible.
Beyoncé is also nominated at the 2023 VMAs, however. She's up for:
Liz Calvario
It could be Taylor Swift's night at the 2024 MTV VMAs. 
Heading into the annual awards show, Swift leads the list of nominees with 12 nods. The pop star is up for the big award of the night, video of the year for "Fortnight," as well as artist of the year and song of the year. 
The video of the year competition is consists of:
Other artists who have a high chance at nabbing a moon person includes Post Malone, who collaborated with Swift on “Fortnight,” with nine nominations. Ariana Grande, Sabrina Carpenter and Eminem are each up for six awards. 
It's expected to be an exciting show as this year there are 29 first-time nominees all hoping to get their very first moon person. 
While there were six nominees for best new artist, only Gracie Abrams, Chappell Roan and Tyla are up for the award. Benson Boone, Shaboozey and Teddy Swims have been knocked out of the final round.
See the full list of nominees, here. 
Ariana Brockington
The 2023 MTV VMAs were filled with must-see performances and surprise reunions!
'N Sync made Taylor Swift's millennial dreams come true when the boy band reunited to present her with the award for best pop video. 
"Not doing well pivoting from this to this," Swift said before gesturing from Joey Fatone, Lance Bass, Justin Timberlake, JC Chasez and Chris Kirkpatrick to her moon person statuette. 
Later, Shakira wowed while performing a medley of some of her biggest hits— "Whenever, Wherever," "Hips Don't Lie," "She Wolf" and more— before being honored with the Video Vanguard Award. 
She wasn't the only singer who decided to treat viewers to a medley of songs. Anitta, Doja Cat and Demi Lovato belted out a few of their hit singles, too. 
Cardi B and Megan Thee Stallion rapped and danced along to their collaboration "Bongos," marking their first-ever live performance of the song. 
Megan Thee Stallion will return to the VMAs stage this year to host and perform. Let's see if she can top last year's impressive feat. 
Liz Calvario
The MTV VMAs will be filled with an array of dynamic performances by the biggest names in music. 
Eminem is making his return to the awards show and reportedly set to open the ceremony. 
"Midwest princess" Chappell Roan is making her VMAs debut and is expected to perform one of her hits, like "Good Luck, Babe!" or "Red Wine Supernova."
Latin artists taking over the VMAs stage include Anitta, Karol G, Rauw Alejandro and Camila Cabello. 
Host Megan Thee Stallion is also set to pull double duty and perform. 
Additional performers include Benson Boone, FloRilla, Halsey, Jessie Murph, Lenny Kravitz, Le Sserafim, Lisa, LL Cool J, Sabrina Carpenter, Shawn Mendes and Teddy Swims. 
Ariana Brockington
The ceremony, which is being held at the UBS Arena in Elmont, New York, will  air live on Wednesday, Sept. 11. 
To catch the red carpet arrivals, tune in early for the pre-show starting at 6:30 p.m. ET/PT on MTV.
The award show will air simultaneously on MTV, Univision and other Paramount-owned channels, like MTV2, VH1, BET, BET Her, Country Music Television, TV Land, Nickelodeon, Logo, Pop, Paramount Network and Comedy Central.
Those who want to stream the ceremony can watch on Paramount+ the next day, Sept. 12.
Liz Calvario is a Los Angeles-based reporter and editor for TODAY.com who covers entertainment, pop culture and trending news.
Ariana Brockington is a trending news reporter at TODAY digital. She is based in Los Angeles.
Elena Nicolaou is a senior entertainment editor at TODAY.com, where she covers the latest in TV, pop culture, movies and all things streaming. Her superpower is matching people up with the perfect book. Previously, she covered culture at Refinery29 and Oprah Daily. She got her bachelor's degree in English with a concentration in Modern Greek Studies from Columbia University.
© 2025 NBCUniversal Media, LLCApple®, Apple logo® and App Store® are registered trademarks of Apple Inc.