STRICTLY’S Jamie Borthwick has shut down any potential speculation he could be this year’s ‘curse’ culprit despite ‘sizzling’ chemistry with his pro partner. 
The EastEnders star is set to hit the dancefloor with Michelle Tsiakkas tomorrow night, performing a Viennese Waltz to Beautiful Things by Benson Boone.
Being matched last week on the pre-recorded launch show, Jamie and Michelle clearly got on like a house on fire, trying to find a nickname for their pairing as they spoke with Claudia Winkleman and Tess Daly. 
However, with Michelle happily in a relationship with another dancer, Simone Arena, Jamie has no intention of pursuing anything romantic with his pro partner – in fact seeing her more like a sibling. 
He told The Mirror: “The idea of that whole Strictly curse, well it’s definitely not going to be a thing here because it would be weird doing that with my sister. 
“Michelle and I met before Strictly and we instantly had a connection. But she is like a sister, an aunt, a mum, a best friend. She’s looking after me, she’s mothering me.”
Jamie added that he found Simone “his icon” and has been looking up his dances in order to get inspiration. 
“Her boyfriend doesn’t know it yet because we’ve never met, but he’s my rock already,” he joked. 
Jamie and Michelle are already being considered favourites for the glitterball this season, with the actor’s previous appearance winning the show’s Christmas special last year paving the way for them to go far. 
However, Jamie admits that the full series feels like “a totally different ballgame” and feels more intense, admitting he felt “broken” from days of strenuous rehearsals. 
He also believes he only scored a perfect 40 on the Christmas show as a feelgood festive gesture. 
“The reality of doing the main show has hit me like a ton of bricks,” he said.
“I’m going to bed counting steps, it’s always on my brain.”
This year's cast will take to the floor tomorrow night to give viewers a first look at their dancing ability. 
In the show's 20th year, Strictly has a lot riding on its shoulders after a year of scandal and hardship. 
No one will go home this week, with the first elimination taking place in week two. 
Here's who is matched with who this series...
Chris McCausland and Dianne BuswellJamie Borthwick and Michelle TsiakkasJB Gill and Amy Dowden MBEMontell Douglas and Johannes RadebeNick Knowles and Luba MushtukPaul Merson and Karen HauerPete Wicks and Jowita PrzystałPunam Krishan and Gorka MárquezTasha Ghouri and Aljaž ŠkorjanecTom Dean MBE and Nadiya BychkovaToyah Willcox and Neil JonesSam Quek MBE and Nikita KuzminSarah Hadland and Vito CoppolaShayne Ward and Nancy XuWynne Evans and Katya Jones
©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO)
Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click this link: thesun.co.uk/editorial-complaints/