Virgin Radio
2 Aug 2024, 09:54
Credit: Getty
Move over Katy Perry, there's an incoming country queen in town. Former American Idol winner Carrie Underwood is replacing the singer and will be the first American Idol alum ever to join the judging panel. 
The 2005 winner is taking over from the Fireworks singer and will be fronting the show alongside Lionel Richie and country singer Luke Bryan. The eight Grammy Award-winning songstress has had four of her eight albums at the top of the US charts and next year will mark the 20th anniversary of her TV triumph.
“I went from nobody knowing my name to tens of million of people watching the show,” Underwood said. “I’m proud of everything that I was able to accomplish on the show and I’m so proud of everything I’ve accomplished since.”
------------------------------------
DON'T MISS:
Celebrity Race Across The World 2024 line-up revealed and start date confirmed
Strictly Come Dancing 2024: More rumoured celebrity names 'leaked' 
James Corden says he feels 'very emotional' as he shares big Gavin & Stacey update
------------------------------------
Credit: Fox
According to Bryan, other singers were in the running to take over from Perry who made her final appearance in the hot seat in May after seven seasons. He told Billboard: "I think Pink has been in the talks, Miley Cyrus has been in the talks, Meghan Trainor has been in the talks."
The singer-songwriter continued: "Katy was really perfect for that job, and I think they’re just working real hard to find somebody that can really come in and do the job that Katy did."
Perry's time on American Idol coincided with the launch of Virgin Radio favourite Benson Boone's career. Benson Boone quit American Idol despite Katy Perry telling him after his audition: "I see you winning American Idol if you want."
In an interview with American podcaster Zach Sang, he explained about famously pulling out: “The reason that I quit American Idol is because I wanted to do music. I decided that I wanted to do music, and I don’t want people to be like, ‘Oh Benson Boone. American Idol blew him up. That’s what he comes from.’ No.
Credit: Instagram
“I want to be Benson Boone because I write smash hits, and they love my music. That’s why I quit.”
Craig Erwich, president of Disney Television Group said of Carrie's new role: “This upcoming season marks 20 years since Carrie won America’s hearts on Idol and launched her successful multi-GRAMMY Award-winning career. As a former Idol and dynamic musical force, she brings a remarkably unique perspective to one of the most popular shows on television.
“This is a full-circle moment both for the show and audiences at home who have been tuning in for over two decades. Welcome home, Carrie.”
Showrunner and executive producer of American Idol, Megan Wolflick, added: “She is our queen
“Well, it is 20 years since she auditioned in St. Louis for American Idol, and to have the first ever Idol alum on the panel has always been something that’s been interesting to me.
“Carrie Underwood is the first American Idol alum ever to join the judging panel. Her global superstar status as the most successful Idol winner to date makes her a perfect fit for the show.
“She embodies the true spirit of Idol as she herself is the definition of the Cinderella story. Our future hopefuls will have the chance to receive advice from someone who has walked in their exact footsteps every step of the way. Carrie has always been a strong supporter of Idol, and I’m thrilled for her to be reunited with our Idol Family.”
American Idol is due to air in early 2025.
Advertisement
The best-paid comedians in the UK have been revealed in a new top ten list, which features some big...
Bruno Tonioli gets the boot from Britain's Got Talent, but is Alan Carr stepping in?
Poor Alan Carr. His darling Irish red Setter Bev has passed away after he and ex partner Paul...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK on your laptop or desktop computer?
Have you got an Amazon Echo or Google Home device? Listen to Virgin Radio UK by asking your speaker...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK but need to go out and about? Take us with you with the Virgin...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK on your laptop or desktop computer?
Have you got an Amazon Echo or Google Home device? Listen to Virgin Radio UK by asking your speaker...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK but need to go out and about? Take us with you with the Virgin...
Advertisement
© 2025 News UK Broadcasting Ltd. Our 
 and 
 are applicable to you. All rights reserved. VIRGIN and the VIRGIN signature logo are registered trademarks of Virgin Enterprises Limited and are used under licence. For more information on Virgin Radio International visit