Taylor Swift has shared an Eras Tour update, ahead of her UK tour dates in June.
The singer announced that there will be three opening acts before support act Paramore take to the stage ahead of her. Posting to her 283 million followers on Instagram, she said: "I just found out Fortnight is #1 on the UK airplay chart!!!! You guys are amazing and I can't wait to see you.
"Thought this might be a fun time to announce the first group of opening acts I'll be adding to the London shows, going on before Paramore. I chose artists whose music I love listening to, and I can't wait for them to add an extra jolt of excitement to our shows."
READ MORE: Taylor Swift fans 'shaking' as they make realisation about Anfield gig on the 13th
READ MORE: Taylor Swift setlist changes to Eras tour 2024 as European leg kicks off
The three acts are METTE, Griff and Benson Boone. Taylor kicked off the European leg of The Eras Tour at Paris' La Defense Arena, most recently she took to the stage in Lisbon. In June, she will be in UK with shows in Edinburgh, Liverpool, London, and Cardiff.
The tour is sold out but people are being told to keep an eye on Ticketmaster and AXS for official tickets, as there's a chance fans who can no longer attend will resell theirs.
Third-party ticket sites such as Viagogo do have tickets listed but at more than triple the price of face value. Standing tickets cost £617 each whereas seated tickets are as much as £647 which includes restricted views.
Sites such as Vivid Seats allow fans to buy resale tickets from other fans. However, it is important to note many event promoters say tickets should not be resold after initial purchase and will not be valid for admittance to gigs.
Fans attending live events with tickets acquired through resale websites are advised to double-check the ticket terms and conditions at the point of sale - such as Ticketmaster or Live Nation - to ensure a smooth live event experience.
Tickets could be voided if they're found to be bought second-hand. As a result, fans are buying at their own risk. With that said, Viagogo also commented: "Viagogo is a regulated marketplace where fans have the guarantee."
People called us crazy but now we make a living from Taylor Swift
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.