Rita Ora has remembered former One Direction singer Liam Payne with a teary tribute at the MTV Europe Music Awards (EMAs) on Sunday (November 10).


  Payne died at the age of 31 after falling from a third-floor balcony of the Casa Sur Hotel in Buenos Aires, Argentina, last month.


  Ora, 33, was friends with Payne and had collaborated with the singer on the song For You, which featured on the Fifty Shades Freed soundtrack.


  The Anywhere, Let Me Love You and Ritual singer hosted the EMAs at Manchester’s Co-op Live Arena on Sunday - which also marked the 30th anniversary of the awards.


Rita Ora hosted the 2024 MTV Europe Music Awards (EMAs) (Image: Ian West/PA) During the event, Ora paused to pay tribute to former One Direction singer Payne.


  She said: “I just want to take a moment to remember someone very, very dear to us.


  “We lost him recently and he was a big part of the MTV world and my world.


  “Liam Payne was one of the kindest people that I knew.”


  Ora added: “He had the biggest heart and was always the first person to offer help in any way that he could.


  “He brought so much joy to every room he walked into and he left such a mark on the world.”


  An image of Payne was then shown on screens in the arena while One Direction's song Night Changes played in the background.


RECOMMENDED READING:


  MTV EMA 2024 winners included:


  The EMAs was opened by American singer Benson Boone and also featured performances from the Pet Shop Boys, Teddy Swims, Shawn Mendes and K-pop band Le Sseraffim.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.