By
Clayton Edwards
Miranda Lambert is gearing up to release her next album. She has already released “Wranglers” and “Dammit Randy” from the upcoming project. Today, though, the Texas native proved that she can multitask. She released the new track “Ain’t in Kansas Anymore” from Twisters: The Album, the highly anticipated soundtrack to the forthcoming Twister sequel hitting theaters later this month.
Lambert took to social media this morning to announce the new track. “’Ain’t in Kansas Anymore’ from Twisters: The Album is out now,” she wrote. “I wrote this with my friends Telemitry and Jenee Fleenor. It’s a fun challenge to write something for a movie when there’s a specific vibe,” she added. Lambert also gave a nod to Ram Trucks for partnering with her nonprofit Mutt Nation’s disaster relief efforts in honor of Twister.
[RELATED: The List of Artists on the ‘Twisters’ Soundtrack Will Blow Country Fans Away: Lainey Wilson, Jelly Roll, Tyler Childers, and More Provided Songs]
Some fans may remember that Telemitry is the stage name of Jesse Frasure. He helped Lambert remix the Marfa Tapes track “Tequila Does” to create an electronic-infused summer jam back in 2021. However, that sound didn’t work its way into the new track. Instead, “Ain’t in Kansas Anymore” is pure country, much like the “Kerosene” singer’s other recent releases.”
Twisters: The Album features Miranda Lambert, Charley Crockett, Lainey Wilson, Tyler Childers, and more modern country greats. As a result, the soundtrack is bound to be one of the best country albums of the summer. The album and the movie drop next Friday (July 19). See the full tracklist below.
Featured Image via Warner Music Group
Only members can comment. Become a member. Already a member? Log in.
3 Iconic Country Albums Not Recorded in Nashville
2 Surprising Albums That Inspired Maynard James Keenan of Tool
Is ‘Saturday Night Live’ New Tonight? Host & Musical Guest (5/3/25)

			© 2025 American Songwriter			American Songwriter: a Savage Ventures Brand