By 

	Diego Ramos Bechara


Eminem opened the 2024 MTV Video Music Awards by sourcing inspiration from himself, referencing his 2000 performance at the show.

	Just like he did in 2000, the rapper led a massive crew of similarly-clad Eminems — complete with black tees and bleached hair — for a rendition of “Houdini,” the lead single off his latest album “The Death of Slim Shady (Coup de Grâce).” That song, of course, was in and of itself a reference to his 2003 single “Without Me,” providing yet another meta callback to his earlier work. Em left the stage and reemerged for the emotional “Somebody Save Me” with pre-recorded footage from Jelly Roll, who is currently on tour and could not appear in person.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					State of the Video Game Industry: A Special Report		
			














	
		
					Karol G Shares Emotional Trailer for New 'Tomorrow Will Be Beautiful' Netflix Doc		
			








	Eminem, who is tied with Peter Gabriel for the most wins by a solo male artist in VMA history, returned to the show’s stage for the first time since 2022, when he performed with Snoop Dogg. He last opened the show in 2010 with a duet on his hit “Love the Way You Lie” with Rihanna.




			Popular on Variety		






	His eight nominations this year include video of the year, best hip-hop, song of the summer, and most iconic performance for his legendary 2000 VMA medley of “Real Slim Shady” and “The Way I Am,” which included a procession of more than 100 look-alikes dressed as him.

	The rapper’s performance comes a day after he announced the Expanded Mourner’s Edition of his latest album, “The Death of Slim Shady (Coup de Grâce),” arriving on Friday.

Eminem took to X to tease the release of the deluxe edition in a video that saw him walk into a convenience store and pull a carton of milk from the refrigerator. Only, he dropped it onto the ground, revealing a missing ad on the side of the box featuring his alter ego, Slim Shady. As he exited the store, producer Alchemist hopped out from behind the store counter and told him never to come back.

	Other performances at the VMAs include Anitta, Karol G, LL Cool J, Shawn Mendes, Sabrina Carpenter, Chappell Roan, GloRilla, Camila Cabello, Rauw Alejandro, Benson Boone, Halsey, Lenny Kravitz and Blackpink’s Lisa.
The Business of Entertainment