By 

	Michael Schneider

Variety Editor at Large

SPOILER ALERT: Details follow for Season 12, Episode 11 of “The Masked Singer,” “Semi Finals: Final Three,” which aired Wednesday, December 11 on Fox.

AJ Michalka was originally supposed to perform on “The Masked Singer” with her sister Aly, the other half of their Aly & AJ musical duo. But with Aly unavailable — she recently gave birth to her first child — AJ decided to give it a try as a solo act. And she went far: AJ Michalka was revealed on Wednesday’s penultimate Season 12 episode of “The Masked Singer” as Strawberry Shortcake.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					Horror Overkill: Too Many Scary Movies Set for 2025 Theatrical Releases		
			














	
		
					Netflix to Stream Alfred Hitchcock Film Collection		
			








	“Initially, we were supposed to do it together, and we were like, this would be really fun to do as a team,” Michalka told Variety. “But it was going to be really tricky to schedule. So I ended up doing it on my own. And she fully supported it.




			Popular on Variety		






	“The challenge and the excitement came from knowing that I had never really performed on stage without my sister,” Michalka added. “I wanted to challenge myself as a solo artist and see how far I could get. And I had a blast. I didn’t realize it would be that hard to sing under a mask that heavy, but I did it, and I’m really proud of myself.”

	Michalka sang “Lose You to Love Me,” by Selena Gomez, as her final number; she had previously performed “Slow Burn,” by Kacey Musgraves, “Wrecking Ball,” by Miley Cyrus, “I Hope You Dance,” by Lee Ann Womack, and “Closer,” by Tegan and Sara, on the show. Songs she had prepped but didn’t get a chance to perform were “What Was I Made For,” by Billie Eilish, and “Why Can’t I” by Liz Phair.

	“I loved that I was able to choose my own songs,” she said. “Knowing that I felt really comfortable with the material I was choosing, that made me really happy.”

	Michalka said her favorite performance was “I Hope You Dance,” which she dedicated to her mother. “My mom was an incredible singer, but has struggled with self-confidence and just stopped singing completely,” she said. “That was kind of my own message to her to get her out there to sing.”

	For Strawberry Shortcake, none of the panelists guessed it right. Jenny McCarthy-Wahlberg guessed Sarah Hyland. Robin Thicke thought it was Kelsea Ballerini. Ken Jeong said it was Joey King. (Panelist Rita Ora was absent due to illness.)

	










	In what host Nick Cannon said was the closest margin in “The Masked Singer” history — less than 1% —Wasp earned the top Semi Final votes, immediately sending him on to the finals.

	That led to a “smack royale” between Buffalos and Strawberry Shortcake for the other spot moving on. They both sang “Counting Stars” by OneRepublic, and ultimately Buffalos made it through while Strawberry Shortcake was eliminated.

	The Semi Finals opened with Wasp, Strawberry Shortcake and the Buffalos singing “Some Nights,” by Fun. With Strawberry Shortcake now revealed, that leaves Buffalos and Wasp to battle it out in next week’s season finale.

	AJ Michalka as Strawberry Shortcake joins Kobie Turner as Goo, Jana Kramer as Royal Knight, Bronson Arroyo as Sherlock Hound, Drake Bell as Ice King, Bethany Hamilton as Macaron, Natalie Imbruglia as Bluebell, Laverne Cox as Chess Piece, Andy Richter as Dusty Bunny, Paula Cole as Ship, Marsai Martin as Woodpecker, Yvette Nicole Brown as Showbird and John Elway as Leaf Sheep as the celebrities unmasked on “The Masked Singer” Season 12.

	Back for Season 12 are host Nick Cannon, alongside panelists Jenny McCarthy Wahlberg, Ken Jeong and Robin Thicke, while Ora also returned to the desk for the second consecutive season to fill in for Nicole Scherzinger.

	“The Masked Singer” Season 12 themed episodes include tributes to Mattel’s Barbie as it hits its 65th anniversary, and the film “Footloose” as it marks its 40th anniversary. Miley Cyrus will also be honored with an episode devoted to her music catalog, while also new is a “Who Are You Fest,” featuring music from “memorable festival lineups,” as well as a “Sports Night” and a “60’s Night.” Tentpole themes that are back include “Soundtrack of My Life” and “Thanksgiving Night.”

	New this season, clues will be “strategically embedded in costumes, in song choices and on-stage moments.” And the fifteen celebrity contestants will be endorsed by a “celebrity Masked Ambassador,” made up of previous participants including Dick Van Dyke (Season 9’s Gnome), Jewel (Season 6 winner as the Queen of Hearts), Ne-yo (Season 10 winner as the Cow) and DeMarcus Ware (Season 11’s Koala). And the “Ding Dong Keep It On” bell is also back this morning, but only one singer across the three group finals can be saved.

	










	Season 12 features 15 contestants performing in new costumes including “Ship,” “Leaf Sheep,” “Woodpecker,” “Chess Piece,” “Bluebell,” “Buffalo,” “Showbird,” “Dust Bunny,” “Goo,” “Strawberry Shortcake,” “Wasp,” “Sherlock Hound,” “Royal Knight,” “Ice King” and “Macaron.”

	Here were performances on Wednesday’s Episode 11, “Semi Finals: Final Three”:

Song: “Lose You to Love Me,” by Selena Gomez

Panel guesses: Joey King, Sarah Hyland, Lucy Hale

What have you learned: “I have learned that I’m resilient and strong. And I’m just so happy to be here on stage. Those words mean so much to me. I love being here. This is what I love to do. I took a long break from it. And I’m so glad I came back. This is where I’m supposed to be.”

Friendship bracelet clue: For Ken Jeong. “Press Tour.” “One of the highlights of my career was the press tour we did together. You made me laugh the entire day.”

Strawberry Shortcake voiceover: “Oh my goodness. This season’s competition has been no cakewalk. And I’m really proud to have survived that smackdown. What no one tells you is like a good cake, Hollywood is layered. Sure, it sparkles. And is super fun. But there’s also so much pressure to make it big. And it comes with a lot of rejection, a little bit of self-doubt and a dash of feeling like you’ve poured your whole heart into something that people might never see. I think that’s why some people start to feel so disenchanted with their dreams. That’s what happened to me. I was so triggered by the drama of early fame that I decided to take a long break. I had to lose the lights to love what I do again. Becoming Strawberry Shortcake, I’m reminded of why I started all those years ago. It’s fun, it’s silly and it’s so me. And sure, there’s pressure to keep going to the finale. But only because this experience has been so delicious. I don’t want it to end. Strawberry Shortcake is with me for life.”

Previous songs: “Slow Burn,” by Kacey Musgraves; “Wrecking Ball,” by Miley Cyrus; “I Hope You Dance,” by Lee Ann Womack; “Closer,” by Tegan and Sara

	










Previous panel guesses: Renee Rapp, Lana del Rey, Rachel Ziegler, Chloe Fineman, Hilary Duff, Ashley Tisdale, Kelsea Ballerini, Hailee Steinfeld, Selena Gomez, Katy Perry, Haylie Duff, Danielle Haim

Song: “Africa,” by Toto

Panel guesses: Boyz II Men, Color Me Badd, After 7

What do you want to say to each other: “First, I would say never in a million years who I expect to even be in a buffalo mask. But, I’m glad I’m doing it with my brothers and the best friends I ever had.”

Friendship bracelet clue: For Jenny McCarthy-Wahlberg. “Donnie.” “We go way back with Donnie. And we also go way back with you.”

Buffalos voiceover: “Well, well, well. Look who’s so close to the finale. Man, we worked so hard to get here. But we’re no strangers to that. Coming up we had to work harder than anyone. We were constantly told we should be something else. Something we were not and that we would never make it. But we didn’t listen. And staying true to ourselves was the main reason for our success. We now know that was an important example to set for the next generation. And especially our children. Yeah, our kids love to sing. And you know what? They sound better than us. We’re like, what have we done? What miracle have we created? Hearing their voices turned everything around, and gives us a real reason to keep going. That’s right. Every decision we three Buffalos make together is with them in mind. To make sure they have all they need in this life. And they’re going to get a real kick out of watching their pops up here doing their thing as three inspirational Buffalos. Maybe one day, it will be their turn. Kids, we love you so much. This is for you. Everything is for you.”

Previous songs: “(I Just) Died In Your Arms,” by Cutting Crew; “Waiting For a Girl Like You,” by Foreigner; “Bittersweet Symphony,” by The Verve; “You’re Still the One,” by Shania Twain

Previous panel guesses: B2K, Earth Wind and Fire, 98 Degrees, Bell Biv DeVoe, 112, Boyz II Men, Big Time Rush, Bone Thugs N Harmony, Black Eyed Peas, Temptations, Tony! Toni! Toné!, Blackstreet

Song: “Beautiful Things,” by Benson Boone

	










Panel guesses: Anthony Ramos, Maxwell, Jason Derulo, Usher

Something you’d like to say to young wasps: “I want you to remember your power. As you get older, never forget that child you once were. Always keep dreaming, and believe in yourself no matter how dark it gets. No matter how many times you fall, you can always get up and fly again.”

Friendship bracelet clue: For Robin Thicke. “Nashville.” “You know Robin, I had a blast while we painted the town red in Nashville. We had such a good time, do you remember?”

Wasp voiceover: “Becoming the Wasp, I never felt so powerful. It’s brought out this supercompetitive edge in me that honestly, I haven’t felt since I was a kid. My mom knew there would be only so many opportunities for me to get out of the hood. So when she saw a poster for a talent show, she signed me up on the spot. I was shook. But I tapped into this fire inside of me and I won the whole thing. And, an industry mogul was there who signed me on the spot. Talk about a turning point. Being here has brought me back to when I was hungry for a win. And it’s a beautiful thing. Tonight, I know I’m up against some steep competition. And honestly, I’m terrified to lose out on a chance to win it all in the finale. This golden mask is coming for the golden mask, you heard?”

Previous songs: “Rock Your Body,” by Justin Timberlake; “Skyscraper,” by Demi Lovato; “Ain’t No Way,” by Aretha Franklin; “Standing Next to You,” by Jungkook

Previous panel guesses: Taye Diggs, Bruno Mars, Jason Derulo, Miguel, Frank Ocean, Daveed Diggs, Mario, Craig David, Eric Benét, Usher, Maxwell

	Last season’s performers included Vanessa Hudgens, who won the Season 11 crown as Goldfish, beating out Scott Porter, who had performed as Gumball. Other performers included Thelma Houston (Clock), Chrissy Metz (Poodle Moth), Corey Feldman (Seal) and Clay Aiken/Ruben Studdard (Beets), Jenifer Lewis (Miss Cleocatra), Kate Flannery (Starfish), Charlie Wilson (Ugly Sweater), DeMarcus Ware (Koala), Colton Underwood (Love Bird), Sisqó (Lizard), Billy Bush (Sir Lion), Joe Bastianich (Spaghetti & Meatballs), Savannah Chrisley (Afghan Hound) and Kevin Hart (Book).

	“The Masked Singer” comes from Fox Alternative Entertainment. Rosie Seitchik, Craig Plestis and Cannon are executive producers, while Seitchik serves as showrunner. The series is based on the South Korean format created by Mun Hwa Broadcasting Corp.
The Business of Entertainment