ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
NEW YORK, NY - OCTOBER 31:  Ringo Starr and His All-Starr Band perform at Kings Theatre on October ... More 31, 2015 in the Brooklyn Borough of New York City.  (Photo by Noam Galai/Getty Images)
Ringo Starr is already one of the most successful musicians of all time in the U.K., but that track record doesn’t mean he’s done creating. The drummer, singer, and songwriter has a new tune out with a bevy of other superstars, and it could hit No. 1 in the U.K., giving him another winner…at least, in some regards.
The former Beatle is one of the many members of the rock supergroup Mark Knopfler's Guitar Heroes, which was put together by the Dire Straits frontman and solo star whose name fronts the band. The rocker gathered together many of his famous friends to re-record a new version of the song “Going Home (Theme From Local Hero),” which is currently making a play for the No. 1 spot on the U.K. singles chart, according to the Official Charts Company.
“Going Home (Theme From Local Hero)” is a new superstar collaboration that’s aimed at raising funds for a worthy cause. All proceeds from the tune will go toward supporting both Teenage Cancer Trust UK and Teen Cancer America. The mix of celebrity names and the charitable aspect mean the track has a lot going for it, and it could debut at No. 1 in the U.K.
Mark Knopfler's Guitar Heroes counts more than 50 musicians as members, though it’s likely that this will be their only release together. Starr is credited as playing drums on the tune. He is joined by dozens of other well-known names on the song, such as Eric Clapton, Sheryl Crow, Peter Frampton, Joan Jett, Nile Rodgers, Bruce Springsteen, Sting, Keith Urban, and many, many others.
It’s important to note that these artists aren’t simply session musicians, but rather actual members of a new group. They’re all part of Mark Knopfler's Guitar Heroes, so if “Going Home (Theme From Local Hero)” hits No. 1 in the U.K., they all collect a new No. 1–or at least that’s how things should go.
Oftentimes, when it comes to these kinds of charity singles, artists don’t count the successes they’re involved in as part of their discography. Fundraising releases are more common in the U.K. than in the U.S., and there are many musicians who have hit No. 1 with charity offerings, but whose pages on the Official Charts Company–the country’s version of Billboard–don’t include those wins in their career totals. It’s a bit of an odd loophole in the chart system, but people largely overlook it as the point is to raise money, not score a hit.
“Going Home (Theme From Local Hero)” is on pace for a healthy debut on the U.K. songs chart, whether it hits No. 1 or not. At the moment, it faces tough competition from Beyoncé’s “Texas Hold ‘Em,” which has been ruling for four weeks, as well as newcomer Benson Boone’s “Beautiful Things,” which could also reach the summit.