The first dances for Strictly Come Dancing's 2024 couples have been revealed with the latest series' week one live show airing tomorrow.
Comedian Chris McCausland, the show's first blind contestant, will dance the Cha Cha to Twist And Shout by The Beatles, with partner Dianne Buswell.
The 47-year-old recently revealed he initially did not want to join the celebrity cast, but said he was "very easily persuaded".
Professional dancer Amy Dowden will mark her return to the show by dancing the Waltz to Leo Sayer's When I Need You, with celebrity contestant JB Gill.
The 34-year-old dancer will return to the show after being diagnosed with breast cancer in May 2023, when she found a lump the day before her honeymoon, and missed out on having a celebrity partner in that year's series of Strictly.
She announced in February that she would return to the show this year, after a mastectomy and chemotherapy left her with "no evidence of disease" following tests.
Elsewhere, actor Jamie Borthwick, who won the 2023 Christmas special, will Viennese Waltz to Beautiful Things by Benson Boone with partner Michelle Tsiakkas, and former Arsenal midfielder Paul Merson will dance the American Smooth to Fat Les's football anthem Vindaloo, with partner Karen Hauer.
Paul's choice is said to have gone down terribly with the ex sportsman. A source claimed bosses had to "re-record" his reaction due to his dismay. An onlooker told the Daily Mail: "You can't blame him for thinking he is being set up to be the joke act, but also the connotations of it [the song] are also not exactly positive either.
"It has been accused of being racist and the song that far-Right football hooligans sing."
Viewers saw Paul looking dejected when his dance was revealed during the launch show. After hanging his mouth open in surprise that he was doing an American Smooth to a terraces favourite, Paul said: "What dance is it again?"
His partner Karen then tried to lighten the mood as she joked "It's an American Smooth but it might be bumpier than that."
Gladiator Montell Douglas will dance the Foxtrot to Dinah Washington's Is You Is Or Is You Ain't My Baby with partner Johannes Radebe, while reality star Pete Wicks and partner Jowita Przystal will perform the Paso Doble to Breathe by The Prodigy.
DIY SOS star Nick Knowles will Jive to We Built This City by Starship with partner Luba Mushtuk.
Knowles recently revealed he felt this year's edition of Strictly would be his "last chance physically" to take part in the show.
This Morning resident doctor Punam Krishan and partner Gorka Marquez will dance the Cha Cha to Love At First Sight by Kylie Minogue, while former Olympic field hockey player Sam Quek will dance the Foxtrot with partner Nikita Kuzmin to Where Did Our Love Go by The Supremes.
Miranda actor Sarah Hadland and partner Vito Coppola will perform the Quickstep to 9 To 5 by Dolly Parton, while former X Factor winner Shayne Ward and partner Nancy Xu will dance Samba to Do I Do by Stevie Wonder.
Love Island star Tasha Ghouri and partner Aljaz Skorjanec will dance the Cha Cha to Espresso by Sabrina Carpenter.
Singer Toyah Wilcox, who recently said she would "channel my inner Ann Widdecombe" on the 20th anniversary series, will dance the Tango to Ray Of Light by Madonna, with partner Neil Jones.
Olympic swimmer Tom Dean will perform the Tango with partner Nadiya Bychkova to Golden by Harry Styles, and opera singer Wynne Evans will dance Samba with partner Katya Jones to Help Yourself by Tom Jones.
Week one of Strictly Come Dancing series 22 will air on BBC One and iPlayer at 7pm on Saturday September 21.
The show will launch amid a storm of controversy around the BBC dancing show over the alleged treatment of contestants.
An investigation was launched by the BBC after allegations made about Giovanni Pernice by former participant Amanda Abbington, with the results yet to be made public. Pernice rejects the allegations.
Fellow dancer Graziano Di Prima has also left the show.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.