By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
On TV this Wednesday: Netflix reenters The Circle, Megan Thee Stallion hosts the MTV Video Music Awards and Seth Meyers takes A Closer Look at the Harris/Trump debate in primetime. Here are 10 programs to keep on your radar. (Also check out our weekly TVLine-Up of premieres and finales and monthly streaming guide.)
Yancy turns to Rogelio for help as Bonnie goes on the run; the Dragon Queen confronts Nick and Eve.
Season 7 premiere (first four episodes): Catfish, shady tactics and major twists collide as a new batch of players compete for the $100,000 prize. 
Season 2 finale (two episodes): The remaining contestants enter the final stretch and compete in the last challenge in hopes of winning $1 million.
An agent stumbles upon information about the Westacres bomber; Lamb suspects that David knows more than it seems. (Premiere earned an average grade of “A+.”)
Stephen tricks Lucy as she tries to get rid of him once and for all; Wrigley and Pippa finally talk.
Contestants take over Ramsay’s Los Angeles pop-up restaurant for one night; the remaining chefs face two back-to-back challenges. 
Anitta, Benson Boone, Camila Cabello, Chappell Roan, Eminem, GloRilla, Halsey, KAROL G, Lenny Kravitz, LISA, LL COOL J, Rauw Alejandro, Sabrina Carpenter, Shawn Mendes, Video Vanguard Award recipient Katy Perry and host Megan Thee Stallion perform. (See full list of nominees.)
Season 15 finale: Heather rushes to finish the Orange County office before their opening; Josh tries to meet yearly goals.
Seth Meyers hosts a special live episode unpacking Tuesday’s presidential debate. 
Season 1 finale: Wayne worries about possible backlash as he attends his first public event since coming out as pansexual. 
Comments are monitored, so don’t forkin' curse and don’t bore us with how much your coworker’s sister-in-law makes per hour. Talk smart about TV! 
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * Your email address will not be published. We will notify you when someone replies.
Δ
The Ark
Bad Monkey
And 9/11 memorial.  23 years.
Oh, forgot about The Ark.  I hope enough are watching for a renewal.
who even watches mtv these days , so don’t think the awards will get much love
I’m not sure that love of MTV ever had much to do with watching that award show. It’s more about music, but catered to a certain demographic.
Lol same thing went thru my mind when I saw it. It used to be something I would peep when MTV was still on TV but now a days I watch all music videos o  youtube so no interest in watching the awards anymore.
Slow Horses
MTV Video Music Awards (I’ve changed my mind, I might check this out)
The Ark!
Colbert, Kimmel, Meyers.
The Ark, AGT
Slow Horses – excellent show!
Seth Meyers Debate Special
99% of America never sees a Broadway show, could never afford to see a Broadway show, and most certainly never ever see the performances for which actors receive Tony nominations, yet the Tony awards are broadcast prime time on Network television. So I have no issue with MTV airing award shows for music videos, which are freely available for all Americans to watch, whenever they please, 24 hrs a day, online, or streaming on demand, for FREE. That makes far more sense than the Tony awards, on a network that does not air Broadway performances, ever.
Slow Horses….another great episode! One of the best, and seemingly under watched, shows on TV. I. So glad that Apple+ has shown faith in the show by green lighting seasons 5 & 6.
Masterchef
The secret lives of  Mormon women  F
By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.