Every week, Billboard unveils the top 10 songs on the latest Hot 100 chart. The most recent rankings, for the chart dated April 20, are out now, so let’s run down who had this week’s biggest hits.
Kahan’s hit just had one of its best weeks, returning to the top 10 and matching its previous peak at No. 10.
Future and Metro have been dominating the music landscape lately, and their Travis and Carti collab is one of their two top-10 songs this week.
Grande’s former No. 1 single still has some life left, jumping up a spot to No. 8 on the latest chart.
Speaking of former No. 1 hits, “Lovin On Me” has been in the top 10 for seemingly forever and it doesn’t appear to be in danger of departing the region any time soon.
J. Cole actually regrets this song, so much so that he took it off of streaming services, but it did well enough to debut at No. 6 on the new Hot 100. As Billboard notes, the song was removed from streaming on April 12, a day after the end of the new chart’s tracking week. So, the song’s removal didn’t have any impact on the its commercial activity during its debut week.
Beyoncé’s country favorite had a noteworthy slide this week, falling from No. 2 to No. 5.
“Lose Control” became Swims’ first chart-topper a few weeks ago and it’s still doing well now, hanging onto a top-5 spot at No. 4.
For the third consecutive week, Boone’s breakout hit has earned the chart’s top Airplay Gainer award, thanks to 57.4 million plays, an increase 14 percent.
Hozier has returned to “Take Me To Church” territory: His early-career hit previously peaked at No. 2, a feat the “Too Sweet,” his first song to debut in the top 10, has now matched.
For the third consecutive/total week, Future, Metro, and Lamar’s Drake- and J. Cole-dissing hit “Like That” hangs onto the No. 1 spot on the Hot 100. It’s the first song to spend its first three weeks at No. 1 since Miley Cyrus’ “Flowers” was on top for its first six weeks in January and March 2023.
This week's #Hot100 top 10 (chart dated April 20, 2024).
— billboard charts (@billboardcharts) April 15, 2024
Some artists covered here are Warner Music artists. .