The professionals on Variety’s Women’s Impact Report navigated Hollywood’s turbulent 2023 only to find more rocky roads in 2024. Layoffs, a production downturn and other woes dogged the entertainment business – but those were offset by the creation of blockbuster movies, series and music that captivated global audiences, alongside memorable characters, not to mention the women who worked the best deals for clients and their companies. The resilience illustrated by the women on our 2024 report is the secret sauce of showbiz. 

	Abdy joined Warner Bros. two years ago along with co-chair Michael DeLuca, and one of the first films they greenlit was “Beetlejuice Beetlejuice,” which has earned more than $420 million worldwide, was gratifying. “Our teams poured their hearts into it. It’s been amazing to see audiences across generations come together in theaters to experience Tim Burton’s latest vision,” Abdy said. The studio was also the first distributor to cross $1 billion internationally, back in April, and has seen more home runs in 2024 with “Dune: Part Two” and “Godzilla x Kong.”  

	Headed by Salke, Amazon MGM Studios is turning out recent hits like “Fallout,” “Road House,” “Mr. and Mrs. Smith” and “The Idea of You.” Global marketing head, Kroll, credits this success to the studio’s “flexible and nimble approach.” “During what has otherwise been a turbulent time in our industry, it’s been incredible not only to see how our programming has evolved, but also to be part of a company that is investing in and committing to theatrical, as well as fantastic series, and continuing to attract and retain the best creatives in the industry,” Kroll says. Meanwhile, Valenti , head of film, is looking ahead to a number of promising new films the studio has greenlit, including “Project Hail Mary” with Ryan Gosling and a live-action “Masters of the Universe.”

	Recognized for overseeing everything from album packaging and photography to music videos, advertising and television production, An was promoted to her current position in 2023. Working closely with Billie Eilish and Finneas O’Connell, An made a trip to the Academy Awards earlier this year as they were nominated for “What Was I Made For?” Does she have any memories from the siblings winning “Best Original Song” for “Barbie?” “It always starts with utter happiness for Billie and Finneas, two of the most talented humans I know,” An says. “Then, I look down at my feet and realize I have worn Birkenstocks to the Oscars.”

	Music lovers began attending concerts in person again after COVID-related social distancing began to subside. No one was happier about that than Andrew, who served as the creative director for Brent Faiyaz’s “F*ck the World, It’s a Wasteland Tour.” Her design influence touched every aspect of the production from stage displays to lighting to props – even Faiyaz’s wardrobe styling. The tour became a global phenomenon, spanning 20 countries across 4 continents, selling 160,000 tickets worldwide. “I knew the second people could gather again, we would,” Andrew says. “The experience you have at a festival or at your favorite artist show can’t be replaced virtually.”

	Austin leads a range of programs designed to bolster communities around the world. To date, Sony Music Group has committed financial support to more than 300 organizations. Austin has played a key role in creating partnerships and directing donations across more than 60 countries from the company’s Global Social Justice Fund. With Austin’s guidance, the global fund has disbursed more than $25 million to advance nonpartisan solutions. “Like any global company at our scale, Sony Music has a responsibility to address the climate crisis and work to create a brighter future for all,” Austin says.

	Grammy Award-winning songwriting and composing duo Abigail Barlow and Emily Bear became a viral sensation on social media in 2021 after the success (60 million-plus likes and 250 million-plus views on TikTok) of “The Unofficial Bridgerton Musical Album,” which hit No. 1 on the U.S. iTunes pop charts. The pair also landed on the Forbes 30 Under 30 list and is now co-writing the soundtrack for Disney’s “Moana 2,” which is set to hit theaters on Nov. 27. “We just speak the same language,” says Barlow. “We’re very different but enough of our Venn diagrams overlap that something special happens when we write music together.”

	With the film and TV writers’ strike bringing productions to a halt just as Basolo was promoted at Kobalt, the executive strategically shifted focus to synchronization in ads, trailers/promos and video games. “With film and TV at a standstill, we had to stay resilient,” Basolo tells Variety. “We became more strategic than ever to pivot the synch business to other media areas.” Basolo secured placements in Amazon’s 2023 holiday campaign, as well as ads for brands like Adobe, Apple, Walmart and Wells Fargo, leading to standout sync moments for artists such as Karol G, Skrillex and Billie Eilish.

	The good – and bad – news for Bhagat, who oversees AWAL’s North American marketing, digital and artist development teams, global creative department, global synch and brand partnerships teams, is that there is a regular stream of new content out there. “It’s a constant challenge to try to find ways to cut through the noise,” Bhagat says. She and her team avoid getting distracted by remaining hyper-focused on the unique sounds, visions and personalities of their artists. The result is exceptional music and standout visual content. Case in point: Bhagat has driven a creative marketing campaign that has generated 2.6 billion catalog streams to date for Icelandic jazz/pop singer Laufey.

	The days of horror being perceived as a genre for teen boys are long gone, so it’s no surprise to see a trio of women in vital positions at Blumhouse, whose name has become synonymous with frights. “We connect with all kinds of audiences, and many that would surprise you — moms and kids even watch together,” says Barragan, who took BlumFest from a virtual event in 2020 to an in-person film fest this year. As Blumhouse turns 15, Sequeira reflects on “one of the top three moments of my life”: when Jordan Peele mentioned her in his Oscar acceptance speech for “Get Out.” For her part, Palek cites working with “an all-female senior team on ‘Worst Ex Ever’ and ‘Worst Roommate Ever’” a “brilliant experience.”

	Blessed with mentors who showed that you can balance career and family successfully, Cercek oversaw a string of No. 1 opening films in 2024 including “Mean Girls,” “Bob Marley: One Love,” “IF” and “Smile 2.” “A Quiet Place: Day One” set the franchise record for the biggest opening at the global box office. These feats are even more impressive given the dual industry strikes in 2023. Cercek believes it pays to prepare. “I’m incredibly proud of what we as a studio accomplished – in partnership with our filmmakers – in getting our diverse slate of films into productions ahead of the strikes,” she says.

	Cohn this year has overseen hits “Kung Fu Panda 4” and “The Wild Robot,” which opened at No. 1 and looks to be a front-runner for an Oscar nomination. “We had noticed that some of our most emotional films … were some of the most powerful and well-performing, multi-generationally,” she says. DWA now has the most animated franchises to cross the $2 billion mark at the global box office. As for the future, “We are committed to two movies a year — one original, one franchise and one opportunistic third, as we like to call it. And next year, ‘Dog Man’ is that opportunistic third.”

	When “The Bear” episode titled “Napkins” aired, showcasing Colón-Zayas’ acting chops, it was clear it was an Emmy-worthy performance. A few months later, she took home the gold, making her the first Latina to win for supporting actress. “There’s always a little imposter syndrome trying to chime in,” she says. Then, one night, reality hit. “All of a sudden, my eyes popped wide open, and I was like, ‘I made history,’” she recalls. “We deserve to give ourselves a break. It’s so driven into our psyche — especially as Latina women — ‘work hard, work hard, work hard, sacrifice.’ It’s great when it is in pursuit of your daily joy, but having that realization takes work.”

	Coughlan had a big year, taking center stage in Netflix’s megahit “Bridgerton,” starring in the comedy series “Big Mood” and released the British comedy “Seize Them!” “I want to see the female Walter White. I want to see women do terrible things uncompromisingly, and we don’t have to moralize it or go like, well, what was the reason?” Coughlan says, expressing her desire for more female characters to explore the “moral gray area,” similar to her “Bridgerton” character, Penelope. “I mean, I think it’s so boring when women have to play one-dimensional roles, like you’re either the good character or you’re the body.”

	One show — “The House of the Dragon” — but two powerhouses. When it comes to female characters embodied on screen, Cooke put it simply: “Stop using the word ‘strong’ to describe female characters. It’s so reductive and patronizing.” She continued, “A breakthrough for female character development would be for the industry to accept that people come with baggage and flaws, are imperfect and ugly and exciting and soft, and all the things in between. That we’re not preternaturally youthful and that sex and sexuality get better with age and wisdom. I would love to see more of an embracing and reflection of that.” D’Arcy says what they’re “desperate to see” is more women, more transgender, nonconforming people writing and directing the work, because I think that’s how we end up with new and better stories.”

	An entertainment law generalist, Davis helps clients — including Ne-Yo and Needlz — grow their careers to new heights. Through the firm’s work on the $300 million acquisition of Quality Control Music by HYBE, she helped clients Keven “Coach” Lee and Pierre “P” Thomas usher their musical empire into a new era. “We are apologizing less for simply occupying a space. We are stating and standing by strong opinions,” she says of women in the industry. “All of this dovetails into how we, as women, represent our clients — we can make asks that may otherwise seem ‘bold’ and make the case for and stand behind them.”

	Deuble Hill has been at IAG for over 18 years — but she’s just getting started. She has represented clients who have sold numerous “New York Times” bestseller titles, many of which come from her signature client, Entangled Publishing. Her professional purvey includes the YA romance world, having signed novelist Ana Huang. Also, Deuble Hill sold the book on which Oscar nominee “Nimona” was based on. She’s been affectionately referred to as the “Swiss Army Knife” of IAG as she has a hand in every department: Film, TV, and Talent & Music.

	With showrunners, writers, directors and producers of some of TV’s most zeitgeist-y shows like “Yellowjackets” and “Fleabag” as clients, it’s clear that Devins’ superpower is identifying people with strong voices. Further evidence: Among her clients are Megan McDonnell (“Dark Matter”) and Emmy’s darling, “Baby Reindeer” creator Richard Gadd. Devins’ client Laura Kittrell is showrunning “Elle” for Amazon MGM, with another client, Julia Brownell serving as a co-EP.  “There is life beyond superheroes and a world of opportunities for this industry if we stop being ‘surprised’ by the relevance and impact of stories created by, directed by and starring powerful, bold women.”

	Burke’s diverse and critically acclaimed slate garnered the studio 43 Emmy nominations this year; its new series “Percy Jackson and The Olympians” made Nielsen’s Top 10 Streaming Originals list. Davis knows Disney’s most important audience is kids and families, and over the past year she led DBT to 74 Emmy nods and 14 wins in those categories. Ryan’s innovative marketing efforts played a huge role in making ABC’s “The Golden Bachelor” a buzz-worthy success, not to mention her work on shows like “Only Murders in the Building” and “The Secret Lives of Mormon Wives”. In a year filled with multiple hits, Balian’s biggest accomplishment is hard to top: she shepherded FX’s limited series “Shōgun” to win 18 Emmys. “Change will come from our industry continuing to invest in and champion the stories of these women and their peers,” Burke says.

	With Dungey at the helm, the company’s current slate of programming across animation, unscripted and live-action scripted totals around 90 series for almost 20 platforms including Warner Bros. Discovery’s HBO and Max, external streamers, cable networks and the five broadcast networks. By the end of this year, they will have premiered at least 20 new series and 20 returning series. Dungey says that the pandemic, dual strikes and financial pressures has led the industry to an over-reliance on familiar IP. She says, “We need to get back to a place where creative talent are encouraged and supported in taking bold swings and developing fresh ideas.”

	No limited series created the buzz this year quite like “Baby Reindeer” did, and that’s due in large part to Gunning and Mau. Had their characters of Martha and Teri, respectively, been played by different actors, chances are, it wouldn’t have landed the one-two emotional punch. “This shows that there is a hunger and appetite for messy, complicated stories, [where] things aren’t tied up neatly at the end — and that the audience can handle them,” says Gunning, who won an Emmy for the role. Mau took home a nod, making her the first openly trans woman to be. “We’re seeing that audiences and studios are not as afraid of contending with the realities of patriarchy and sexual violence, as well as the reality that trans people exist,” she says. “We have stories that matter.”

	If you’re looking for strong females in the entertainment industry, look no further than “Hacks.” Led by Smart and Einbinder with Aniello and Starkey (and Paul W. Downs) serving as showrunners, Season 3 was as good as it gets, including the sneaking in of impactful issues. “It’s not necessarily some kind of agenda, it’s just the way that we see the world, which is that this place that has a lot of problems,” Aniello says. Smart adds, “Humor is the best way to open someone’s mind and bond with. If you can make somebody laugh about something, they’re more likely to think of it in an accepting way.” Statsky sums it up: “I think you owe it to the world to be putting things out there that make the world better in some small way.”

	Individually, Aubrey, Gravitt and Orsi have impressive records; together they’re an unstoppable powerhouse. Gravitt’s award-winning slate includes “The Rehearsal,” “Jerrod Carmichael Reality Show” and “Somebody Somewhere.” Aubrey boasts hits like “Hacks” and “And Just Like That,” and made Max home to the DC universe with “Peacemaker,” “Harley Quinn” and “The Penguin.” This year, 23 of Orsi’s dramas —“The White Lotus” and “True Detective: Night Country” among them — racked up 69 Emmy nominations. Ina Garten’s memoir, “Be Ready When the Luck Happens,” has proven to be an inspirational read for Aubrey. “Hearing Ina share her experiences of building her food empire, finding her voice as an early feminist, and redefining gender roles in her marriage was inspirational and the feel-good listen we all need!” 

	Hope, who oversees artist negotiations, is also in charge of business affairs for artists like SZA, A$AP Rocky and Doja Cat. Interested in forums where she and co-workers can share new ideas, Hope created and is co-leader of the RCA Spark, an initiative that brings in speakers and facilitates discussions. Topics range from the connection between music and social action to sustainability in the entertainment business. “I’m eager to see what comes next as new technology unfolds,” she says. “Figuring out how to keep growing and evolving while protecting artists, rights holders and creativity is something I am very passionate about exploring.”

	Under Igbokwe’s watch, USG has produced “Hacks,” “Bel-Air,” “The Equalizer,” “We Are Lady Parts,” “Primo,” “The Best Man,” “Never Have I Ever” and “Fight Night.” She describes her role as the “gatekeeper” of Universal. “I do my best to ensure that I am opening the gate to people who traditionally might not get the opportunity or have the access or resources to tell their stories. I’m firmly holding open that gate, not shutting it. I understand what it’s like to feel like an outsider,” she says. “Being on the inside is more fun.”

	Jamieson develops original scripted programming; currently, A+E Studios has more than 20 projects sold into development at nearly every major streamer and network, including hit “The Lincoln Lawyer,” David E. Kelley. The series’ second season has been in the top 10 in 81 countries, and premiered is third season this month. “As we all know — all too painfully — creating hit TV shows isn’t like baking. Creating hit TV shows is closer to alchemy, with humbling amounts of luck, magic, and pixie dust,” she says, “All the show’s additional alchemists are truly topnotch… but the tip of the wand, of course, is our star, the sexy sorcerer himself Manuel Garcia-Rulfo. (And where would we be without our fairy godmothers & godfathers at Netflix??) So in this case, you might say we started with gold, added gold, mixed in some gold, stirred with gold, layered in some gold… and presto!? We managed to produce gold. Phew!” 

	A powerful advocate for her clients — which include production and distribution companies, networks, financiers, talent agencies and talent — Bierman understands the ins and outs of complex issues. An expert negotiator, she builds consensus between AI companies, guilds and unions. Her current mission is combatting bullying and disrespectful behavior in the workplace. During a recent negotiation, she established ground rules stipulating no one was permitted to yell during discussions. After initial pushback, all parties agreed. “Women and men in positions of power need to support women, especially women of color, and not be afraid to take more risks on people with less experience.”

	As co-creator and executive producer of “Shōgun,” Kondo looks at the show’s record-setting 18 Emmy wins less as personal validation than reinforcement that its ideas resonated with audiences. “I think most of us want to believe in something, and to be guided by that belief,” she says. While tackling two more seasons of “Shōgun,” Kondo is developing a new project “about two brothers set on Maui in the ‘90s” and a collection of short stories. Her survival tricks: “Keep your head down, focus on the day to day, and most importantly, surround yourself with people who make you laugh and better at your job.”

	Over the last few years, Kovacevic’s clients have enjoyed big career successes. Among them, Kristen Stewart is wrapping her feature directorial debut “The Chronology of Water”; Jodie Comer starred in Danny Boyle’s “28 Years Later” to be released by Sony Pictures and is starring in Kenneth Branagh “The Last Disturbance of Madeline Hynde”; and Dominic West starred as Prince Charles in “The Crown,” which earned him his first Emmy nomination. Her hope is that the industry will consistently find and nurture new and unique voices. “Original stories will translate to screen if people aren’t afraid of new ideas which may not always appear obvious.”

	Kwak is responsible for Warner Records’ first foray into K-Pop with groups like Aespa and Fifty Fifty. “Collaborations mixing genres has become the norm, but it’s exciting to see successful global pop collaborations,” says Kwak, who heads the A&R department that represents such chart-toppers as Benson Boone, Teddy Swims and Dasha, to name a few.. “A few years ago, analytics and research led the charge in terms of signing artists. With limitations during COVID, the industry relied heavily on data. Fortunately, we returned to meeting and seeing artists perform prior to signing them, enabling A&R to use their guts to sign artists early.”

	Coming off Universal’s 2024 blockbusters “Despicable Me 4,” “Twisters” and “The Wild Robot,” Langley promises that the studio has a “remarkable slate” comingup next year, including “Jurassic World Rebirth,” “How to Train Your Dragon” and “M3GAN 2.0.” “I wouldn’t be in this business if I weren’t bullish on theatrical. With that said, we have a lot to think about in terms of approach — be it windowing, budgets, marketing… all of it. For better or for worse, consumer behaviors have changed and it’s important not to ignore that shift and meet them where they are.”

	Linden’s stellar roster includes Vin Diesel, Amy Adams (with O’Neil producing Adams’ “Nightbitch”); Jennifer Garner (King is producing Garner-starrer “Mrs. Claus”); Eiza González (Linden Prods. is backing the Maria Felix biopic starring González); and Norman Reedus (who has an overall deal with Colonna at AMC Studios). Linden has expanded into Linden Ventures, an investment arm that includes Garner’s Once Upon a Farm baby food and Molly Sims’ YSE Beauty. This year, Linden Prods. (headed by Riva Marker) had “Stereophonic” and won five Tony awards. “Our approach is a holistic one — whether an artist is starting out or if they have been in the business for decades, it is important to pursue a balance of types of projects,” they say in an email. “It is this yin and yang that ensures an actor does not get pigeonholed into a particular archetype.”

	López refers to herself as “professional dreamer,” “aspiring adult” and “storyteller.” “The storytelling system, for way too long, has been controlled by a male narrative,” she says. “It’s deeply related that the stories we tell, make us who we are. [Women] haven’t been allowed to tell the world in a big manner with the biggest speaker, those stories. But those stories have never gone away. They’re always told between us to the children. The way that we have to push the boundaries, we finally are getting a little hold of the microphone, of the camera, of the pen of the ink and publishing.”

	Lopez Genzink’s company helped propel Sabrina Carpenter’s breakout year – consisting of chart-topping hits, “Please Please Please” and “Espresso,” and an opening slot on Taylor Swift’s “Eras Tour.” When she founded Volara in 2021, Lopez Genzink assembled a team to support Carpenter on digital marketing, data-driven strategies and touring to lay the groundwork for her No. 1 effort, “Short n’ Sweet.” “I can confidently say that the past 10 months have been a dream come true in so many ways,” she says. “It’s exciting to reflect on so many pivotal moments – Coachella, ‘SNL,’ the VMAs – as milestones and huge wins for the entire team.”

	Marmel started out as a door girl working at a comedy club in Colorado in the first boom of comedy in the ‘80s. Since starting Levity Live in 2009, it has become the primo company representing emerging comedians and some of your favorite standups, including Taylor Tomlinson, Jeff Dunham and Bert Kreischer. “I’m a big believer in laying the right foundation for a client that will serve them for decades to come,” she says. “I’m meticulous about planning and listening to them about the kind of life and the kind of career they want and how we can ultimately build that together.”

	From Paramount’s “PAW Patrol: The Mighty Movie” theatrical release to the 25th anniversary of “SpongeBob SquarePants,” Naito knows what kids want — and what brings in revenue. Like Nickelodeon’s new franchised “Big Nate” and “Rock Paper Scissors,” and the upcoming “Transformers ONE,” the first animated “Transformers” movie in almost 40 years. Citing a statistic saying 70% of animation and art students are women, but few hold leadership positions, Naito says: “We have this opportunity to guide them toward careers, particularly in leadership roles, and ensure that women are empowered to shape stories that feature authentic female characters that are aspirational, courageous and diverse.”

	Campbell and Katz worked tirelessly developing content for Peacock’s streaming service as it enters its fifth year. Katz, who has overseen the success of such series as “Poker Face,” “Ted,” “Fight Night,” the “Law & Order” franchise and the “One Chicago” franchise, enjoys seeing the linear shows they’ve worked on “be discovered and embraced by a new generation of audiences.” Campbell added that, other than original content, live sports have played a huge role in NBCUniversal’s recent success. “Over the past year, our robust live sports offering reset the bar, beginning with January’s exclusive NFL Wild Card Playoff game,” Campbell said. “It was the biggest live-streamed event in U.S. history with more than 27 million viewers and accounted for 30% of all internet traffic on the evening.” And that momentum carried into the into Paris Olympics, “demonstrating what is possible at the intersection of sports, entertainment and streaming.”

	Ohanian remains one of the entertainment industry’s top dealmakers by recognizing that show business is constantly evolving. “Over the last year, networks are prioritizing flexibility, building provisions into their agreements to account for a variety of distribution channels, such as streaming and theatrical releases,” says Ohanian, hastening to point out there’s a heightened focus on the global market. Having a keen awareness of things like the role social media plays in entertainment is key. She notes that in the past, social media terms may have been contained in a lone provision, but now, an entire contract can be about social media.

	Parlapiano, a veteran of Tinder and WeWork, has been a key player in Tubi’s big growth surge. With 81 million monthly viewers, the free, ad-supported streaming service grew a remarkable 43% in viewership from May 2023 to May 2024, according to Nielsen, as well as fostering relationships with talent like Pam Grier. “At Tubi, we’ve focused on putting the viewer first by offering them the world’s largest content library entirely for free. This year’s growth is a testament to the strength of our strategy, and our commitment to creating new opportunities in Hollywood for both creators and audiences,” said Parlapiano. 

	With Pasricha at the wheel, the L.A. office of Prescription Songs and its core female executive team have guided some of today’s most talented songwriters and producers, like artist/songwriter Bülow, the co-writer for Beyonce’s No. 1 Billboard-charting hit “Texas Hold ‘Em.” She’s also managing Steph Jones, co-writer on Sabrina Carpenter’s massive single “Espresso.” “Labels and artists teams will need to start incentivizing songwriters with master participation,” says Pasricha. “The first team to do that will have all the best songwriters and songs on their projects. I feel it’s important and crucial that the industry as a whole works together to make these changes.”

	Reisenbach’s jointly planned strategy and strong lineup for post-strike premiere week after promotion in the Grammys, Golden Globes and Super Bowl scored CBS its 16th consecutive most watched season, with YoY growth for multiple series. Having been with CBS since 2005, Reisenbach feels that success starts and ends with stellar content and a passionate team of talent. “CBS has shown the industry that when you give your viewers compelling on-brand content with phenomenal talent in front of and behind the camera, a very large passionate audience will still show up to watch live – in our case, on the Network and on Paramount+,” Reisenbach says.  

	Rhim’s Advisory Collective helps established companies and personalities capitalize on and commercialize new business ventures. One new endeavor is ArenaOne, an artist and event platform that will create the first globally connected arena where artists can play the equivalent of eight arena shows in one single night. “For ArenaOne, the core vision was built on two fundamental truths and trends: fans want to get closer to the things they love and closer to one another; and entertainment ‘verticals’ of music, film, sports and more are merging because fandom has become more dynamic and expansive than ever before.”

	Under Sargent’s leadership, Wondery made two major moves this year: it signed a $100 million-plus deal for Jason and Travis Kelce’s “New Heights,” while Dax Shephard’s “Armchair Expert” moved to the platform. Sargent’s mission for the company is to “reach new audiences by meeting them wherever they are” — such as expanding podcast offerings on YouTube and leveraging Prime Video through parent company Amazon. “I’m very passionate about kids and family audiences and proving that podcasts can generate the next big IP,” Sargent says. “American Sports Story: Aaron Hernandez” on FX marked Wondery’s sixth podcast that was adapted for TV. 

	Saturn takes pride in her responsibility of identifying promising artist and label projects. Under her guidance, the company found success in K-pop — the Stray Kids became the first group ever to debut at No. 1 with their first five chart entries — and in Latin, with Carin León and Grupo Firme, in addition to pop with Clairo and David Kushner. “Artist development is a belief and commitment to helping an artist tell their story to new audiences and connect with them in sustaining ways. That doesn’t change,” says Saturn. “It’s the vehicles of expression and execution that change with societal innovation. It’s a beautiful and rewarding ride we take with artists.”

	Sawai won a lead actress Emmy in September — the first ever by a Japanese woman — for “Shōgun,” her third television series in as many years (after “Pachinko” and “Monarch: Legacy of Monsters”). She says just getting cast in the show galvanized her need to champion women’s voices, starting with her own. “People like Mariko are the people who have changed the world and allowed women to have an equal place in society,” Sawai says of her “Shōgun” character. “I wanted to channel that part of me.” And her footprint in the industry only promises to grow. “If you don’t take risks, people aren’t going to be moved.”

	Titles aren’t always telling in show business; however, the latter part of Scott’s handle reveals plenty about her professional approach. “I love it because it says so much in two little words — you, the client, are who we support in pursuit of your success,” she says. “When I think of the name ‘Client Success,’ I think of Stevie Wonder’s song/lyric: ‘These Three Words, sweet and simple, these three words short and kind….’” As an artist advocate, Scott has driven winning results for Vydia and its diverse clients (Usher, Emily Ann Roberts) — securing 9,700+ editorial playlists, 300+ DSP playlist covers and six Times Square billboards.

	Siebert is the only woman to lead a major talent agency. That’s an almost shocking fact in 2025. Some client highlights from the past year include Angela Bassett’s honorary Oscar and ninth Primetime Emmy nomination (her second in a row for narration); Italian actor Sabrina Impacciatore (“The White Lotus”) securing the lead in Greg Daniels and Michael Koman follow-up series to “The Office”; Neve Campbell’s upcoming return to the “Scream” franchise; and Calista Flockhart’s acclaimed performance in “Feud: Capote vs. The Swans.”

	Sloane first met Donald Glover writing for “Atlanta” before the pair made waves with their Amazon Prime spy thriller “Mr. and Mrs. Smith.” Sloane attests the show’s success to their ability to “work with love” while blocking out all the excess chatter that often plagues TV productions. “Donald and I talk a lot about under-promising and over-delivering,” Sloane says. “People had expectations of what our series should and would be, based on the original IP. In a moment where data is king and creativity is not necessarily in the driver’s seat, we were itching to blow past those restrictions.”

	Snair isn’t a fan of spin – that’s why she and her team at The Orchard rely on real-time, transparent data to best advise their clients, including Red Bull Records and Metal Blade Records. “We’ve been able to support our longtime clients by continuing to invest in our industry-leading technology and global reach, therefore enhancing The Orchard’s value proposition and allowing us to create unique opportunities across our label base,” she says. Snair concurs that the only variable in life – and the music world – is change. “Consumption continues to shift,” she says, “and so do the ways we work to amplify artists.”

	Earning Oscar buzz for her turn as the titular grandma in “Thelma” isn’t something Squibb takes lightly. “It means a lot at this point in my career to feel relevant in the industry,” says the 94-year-old actor. Squibb enjoyed a long stage career, working alongside the likes of Ethel Merman in “Gypsy”: “She told me a dirty joke every night behind a scrim during the show. Most of all, she taught me to love and respect my audience.” And the actor is busier than ever — she’ll next be seen in “American Horror Story,” “Lost & Found in Cleveland,” “Leprechaun” and “Eleanor the Great,” directed by Scarlett Johansson.

	Hoffman champions female-empowered storytelling through her newly expanded oversight of content acquisitions. Busby also delivers programming by, about and for women and underrepresented audiences, and has several female-focused projects in the pipeline. “We look for series that uphold the values of premium television, with nuanced characters and adult themes that are provocative and challenging for viewers,” Hoffman says. “’Mary & George,’ ‘Sweetpea’ and ‘Three Women’ are fresh, exhilarating explorations of female agency and desire and are a perfect fit for Starz.” Notes Busby: “Our ‘Power’ shows have a fiercely loyal audience. We are working with excellent producers who have cut their teeth on the original ‘Power’ series and have a vision for how to create spinoffs that will resonate with and grow our audience.” 

	Stone not only earned her second Oscar and second Golden Globe (both for “Poor Things”) this past year but has further established herself as a producer with a very distinct vision. In 2024, she executive produced “The Curse” and “Fantasmas,” and has a producer credit on the highly acclaimed upcoming film “A Real Pain,” starring Kieran Culkin and Jesse Eisenberg. She also is producing (and starring in) three upcoming films: “Bugonia,” “Little White Corvette” and “Cruella 2.” “[Acting] is totally transcending,” Stone says. “We’re so lucky to get to do this; it’s a joy.”

	If Ryan Murphy turns last year’s WGA strike into a “Feud” series, he would cast an actress to play Ellen Stutzman, the story’s lead heroine. As executive director and (for the strike) chief negotiator, Stutzman did more than deliver a deal that addressed writers’ concerns and reflected the value they generate in the industry. She also helped negotiate a $3 million settlement for 24 writers who worked on three CBS series after they stopped receiving weekly pay. Stutzman walked the picket line throughout the strike and talked to scribes

	Patel returned this year as director and executive producer of the second season of the acclaimed fantasy drama “The of the Dragon,” worked on “The Lord of the Tides,” “The Burning Mill” and the season of “The Queen Who Ever Was.” She also served as an executive producer and pilot director of the Hulu limited series “Under the Bridge,” which was nominated for Breakthrough Limited Series at the inaugural 2024 Gotham TV Awards. Additional recent credits for Patel include directing “Ahsoka” for Disney+, “P-Valley” for Starz and multiple episodes of Hulu’s award-winning series “The Great” starring Elle Fanning and Nicholas Hoult.

	Walden’s golden touch led Disney to earn a record-setting 183 Primetime Emmy nominations this year — and having three of the year’s most-nominated shows certainly didn’t hurt either. Titles as diverse as “Shōgun,” “The Bear,” “Abbott Elementary,” “The Kardashians,” “Only Murders in the Building” and “Percy Jackson and the Olympians” spurred the successful launch of Hulu on Disney+ which, in turn, helped Walden make the streaming side of the business profitable.  She’s also a wise custodian of the company’s expansive portfolio — the brands and business she oversees generates over 4,500 hours of programming per year.

	Ward has been instrumental in putting an array of critically acclaimed shows on air, including Hulu’s “Only Murders in the Building,” FX’s “Clipped” and HBO’s “The Penguin.” “Anytime that you have a magical success, it’s always a serendipitous confluence of artists, opportunity and vision,” says Ward, who has chosen to represent people behind the scenes — showrunners, executive producers, writers, directors, production companies, etc. “I have had a lifelong love of writing in all of its forms,” she continues. “So the thing that I think I intuitively am always drawn to is the written word first, and I think that draws everyone else in the community.”

	“The most exciting trend of the year has been the prominence of artists who are having mega chart success for the first time, after many years of hard work,” says Welle, whose creative relationships at SMP include artists from Tyler, the Creator to producer Charlie Handsome, who worked across Morgan Wallen’s “One Thing at a Time” LP. Welle’s signings include Julian Bunetta, co-writer and producer for Teddy Swims and Sabrina Carpenter, and Tyler Johnson, known for his work on “Flowers” by Miley Cyrus. “It’s no coincidence that country music is surging at the same time as clever songwriting is in pop music,” said Welle.

	Wiederseim has guided multiple clients through career highs. Colman Domingo was a standout in “The Color Purple,” and he received Oscar, BAFTA and Golden Globe noms for his performance in “Rustin”; Will Brill took home a Tony Award for his role in “Stereophonic” and earned raves as Roy Cohn in “Fellow Travelers”; Nate Mann received praise for this part in “Masters of the Air”; and Leo Woodall, who will next be seen in “Bridget Jones: Mad About the Boy.” “It’s important for me to remember that personal growth often correlates with discomfort, and to not beat myself up when I lose sight of that.”

	Zendaya starred in two of the biggest movies this spring: “Dune: Part Two” and producer Luca Guadagnino’s comeback film “Challengers.” Although she began her career as a child star on the Disney show “Shake It Up,” she has since gone on to star in and produce her own series (“K.C. Undercover”), triumphantly enter the Marvel Universe playing Tom Holland’s love interest in the “Spider-Man” movies, and earn two Emmy Awards and a Golden Globe in her big dramatic breakthrough role on “Euphoria,” which she also produces. Plus, Time named her one of the 100 Most Influential People in the World. And she’s not even 30.

	This year, Zipp and her team built premium Amazon’s first-ever appearance at the Super Bowl with a custom Amazon Lounge. “What excites me about growing our sports portfolio is the chance to unlock new avenues for engagement across audiences,” she says, noting Amazon’s expansion into global sports. At Cannes Lions this year, Amazon debuted its global study, “From Ads to Zeitgeist,” which, she says, “explores this evolving relationship between advertising and culture, offering valuable insights and actionable recommendations for brands.” With 2025 quickly approaching, she says the company is “focused on helping advertisers understand their audiences better — their interests, preferences, and beliefs.” 

	Zucker has spent 10 years with the Clippers, and this year saw the opening of L.A.’s latest venue, the $2 billion Intuit Dome, which will be the team’s new home. Zucker oversees the elevated fan experience at the Dome, which houses the Halo Board, the largest doubled-sided video halo ever built. Steve Ballmer bought the beleaguered Clippers in 2014 and credits Zucker with rebuilding the team and the brand. Earlier this year, Ballmer launched Halo Sports and Entertainment, a collection of assets that includes the L.A. Clippers, their G-League affiliate the Ontario Clippers, the Intuit Dome and KIA Forum, with Zucker overseeing all business operations for the four brands while continuing in her role with the Clippers.  
The Business of Entertainment