Manage your account
A version of this story first appeared in the December 2024 issue of Los Angeles magazine, on newsstands now. Click event names for more info and see weekend events every Thursday in our Weekend Guide.
DANCEThe Nutcracker (various locations) - Dec. 1 - 28A holiday tradition capturing the wonder and whimsical magic of the season, Los Angeles Ballet’s production of The Nutcracker opens at the Pasadena Civic Auditorium before moving to UCLA’s Royce Hall and culminating at the Dolby Theatre in Hollywood, where live renditions of Tchaikovsky’s iconic score will be performed by the Los Angeles Ballet Orchestra.
BOOKYour Mom’s Gonna Love Me (Simon & Schuster)- Dec. 3Matt Rife has become one of standup comedy’s biggest names thanks to his controversial jokes and raunchy crowd work. In his new memoir, he takes on lovers and haters as he chronicles his rise as a young comic in clubs who encountered failure before finally hitting it big on stage and social media.
MUSIC Jingle Ball at Intuit Dome - Dec. 6Presented by iHeartRadio, 102.7 KIIS-FM and Capital One at Intuit Dome, this annual holiday concert always showcases the biggest names in pop music. The Los Angeles lineup is headed by chart-topper SZA, Paris Hilton, Meghan Trainor, Shaboozey, T-Pain, Tate McRae, Kane Brown, Benson Boone and more.
HOLIDAY Disney On Ice (various locations) - Dec. 12 - Jan. 5 Themed “Magic in the Stars,” this annual skating spectacular has a running thread — each vignette starts with a wish upon a star. Characters from Frozen 2, Encanto, Aladdin and Toy Story, plus Mickey and Minnie Mouse, get their twirls on at L.A. venues including the Honda Center in Anaheim, Crypto.com arena in Downtown L.A., Toyota Arena in Ontario and Long Beach Arena.
MUSIC Billie Eilish at The Kia Forum - Dec. 15 - 21 Eilish has had quite a year, winning an Oscar for her song on the Barbie soundtrack and releasing another hit album, Hit Me Hard and Soft. Enjoy all her hits with fellow fans during this five-night hometown stint at the Kia Forum. thekiaforum.com
ART Lightscape at the Marciano Foundation - Dec. 17 - March 15, 2025 Renowned artist Doug Aitken’s mesmerizing new large-scale immersive installation builds upon his practice of crafting larger-than-life multisensory works addressing “interconnectedness through depictions of Southern California and the American West.” Programming surrounding the exhibition includes live concerts by the Los Angeles Philharmonic and Los Angeles Master Chorale. 
HOLIDAY Home Alone Live at Walt Disney Concert Hall - Dec. 21 - 22 Composer John Williams’ delightful score is performed live to picture by the LA Phil at Disney Hall, conducted by David Newman during two nights of holiday merriment. The comedy classic starring Macaulay Culkin as an 8-year-old boy who’s accidentally left behind when his family leaves for Christmas vacation remains one of the funniest seasonal faves.
ART "Out Of The Ordinary" at the Hammer Museum - Dec. 21- April 6 Exploring “Uncommon Materials, Marks and Matrices,” this new Hammer Museum exhibit features contemporary artists’ drawings and prints using unusual mark-making mediums including blood, smoke, Kool-Aid, coffee, scrap metal, juice, lint and more, from artists including Tara Donovan, Ed Ruscha and others.
ART"Nature On Notice" at LACMA- Dec. 21 - Aug. 2, 2025  LACMA’s Nature on Notice: Contemporary Art and Ecology at the Charles White Elementary School Gallery (part of PST ART: Art & Science Collide) spotlights more than 20 “lens- and light-based” artists from around the world assessing humanity’s relationship with the natural world.
FILM Nosferatu (theaters nationwide) - Dec. 25Robert Eggers’ take on the gothic vampire silent classic stars Bill Skarsgard as the title character and Lily-Rose Depp as his romantic obsession. The filmmaker is known for bringing attention to dark details in movies such as The Witch and The Northman.
FILM The Fire Inside (theaters nationwide) - Dec. 25 Claressa Shields was the first American woman to win an Olympic gold medal in boxing, and this Amazon MGM studios movie written by Barry Jenkins and starring Ryan Destiny tells the true story of how she went from a Michigan high school student to a sports legend with the help of her motivational coach (Brian Tyree Henry).
HOLIDAY NYE L.A. at Grand Park  - Dec. 31 Ring in 2025 at Gloria Molina Grand Park’s annual outdoor celebration, the largest free music and dance party in the city. DJs and musicians perform on two stages backdropped by the skyline at this alcohol-free bash, with the big countdown projected onto City Hall.