As we hurtle towards final exams, it’s relaxing to reflect upon the highlights of our year — the movies, television and music that shined the brightest for us. Here are Scene’s selections for the best of 2024, hopefully giving you something new to check out after exam season wraps up.
“Challengers” — Peter Mikulski, Scene Editor
Director Luca Guadagnino has been on the up-and-up since “Call Me by Your Name.” It’s not like his earlier flicks didn’t get any love, but how many “Call Me by Your Name” fans have bothered watching them? “Challengers” will represent the high-water mark of Guadagnino’s meteoric rise following “Call Me by Your Name,” I think. While the trailer for “Queer” (to be released Dec. 13) underwhelmed me, Guadagnino need not worry — “Challengers” will cement his place as an all-timer.
“Gladiator II” — Gray Nocjar, Photo Editor
If you watched the “Gladiator” franchise on a split screen, the biggest tell that you are in fact watching two films may be the runtime (the original is six minutes longer). Who cares, though? This movie wasn’t made to revolutionize your understanding of Roman politics or a plot line. Instead, this is about bulging head veins, bloody pageantry and rallying your fellow moviegoers to take up arms against a corrupt regime (popcorn price setters). If you wake up the next morning without a down payment on a warship, you missed something.
“Lisa Frankenstein” — Andy Ottone, Scene Writer
What can I say? I love a quirky, dark comedy, and Zelda Williams’ direction and Diablo Cody’s (“Juno,” “Jennifer’s Body”) script are a great combination. Excellent directing meets inspired performances from the expected (Kathryn Newton, proving she’s much better in horror, once more, than superhero films) and the deeply surprising (Cole Sprouse — that’s it.) “Lisa Frankenstein” is campy, stylish, a little violent and has the second-best use of REO Speedwagon’s “I Can’t Fight This Feeling Anymore” in a film (first is the Jim Carrey version of “Horton Hears a Who”). Is it perfect? No, but I love it still.
“Inside Out 2” — Claire Watson, Scene Writer 
I won’t lie, “Inside Out 2” is definitely one of my top five favorite movies. As finals peer around the corner, this movie could not feel more relatable. The main character Riley (Kensington Tallman) is heading into high school, the main plot being how she deals with her new emotions Ennui (Adéle Exarchopoulos), Embarrassment (Paul Walter Hauser), Envy (Ayo Edebiri) and Anxiety (Maya Hawke). This is relevant given, well, the emotions surrounding finals. Overall, this movie — while it is a cartoon — appeals to many different audiences.
“Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes” — Madyson Casiano, Scene Writer
Ah, another installment to a masterful film series. Having watched this movie without seeing the previous nine, I was surely confused. Why are humans wild? Why are the apes talking? Who is Caesar? So many questions, all nearly satisfied upon watching the three prequels. There were still infuriating cinematic choices and plot holes, and l felt I had numbed my brain by watching them. Yet, during the week-long binge, I had a paradigm shift. I emerged quoting the apes. I sympathized with the apes. I became one with the apes. What a wonderful day it was to be a scene writer. 
“Wicked” — Zora Rodgers, Scene Writer
Or should I say, “Wicked: Part One.” Despite only being fed the first couple courses of this delicious masterpiece, I was engrossed in all 160 minutes. Live music, extravagant costumes and captivating characters that you hate to love and love to hate (I’m looking at you, Nessarose). Needless to say, I was “holding space” for my tears during “Defying Gravity.” 
“Snack Shack” — Jack Horton, Scene Writer
I bet many people missed this movie’s theatrical release (it grossed $455,708 at the box office) but caught it through in-flight entertainment on an airline this summer.  When I watched this comedy about small-town life in 1991 Nebraska, I thought, “This feels like the ceiling for a lighthearted teen movie in 2024”. Gabriel LaBelle gives a charismatic performance as Moose with quotable one-liners and funny reactions.
“Dune: Part Two” — Luke Foley, Scene Writer
While award shows may refuse to give any non-technical awards to sci-fi films, I am not afraid to say this is my favorite film of 2024. It’s the kind of film that (almost) restores your faith in Hollywood. Its grammar is deeply mystical, moving with a dreamlike rhythm that makes it so unique and haunting. And the world building is simply stunning. The expansive deserts, colosseum fights and gigantic brutalist machinery all make your jaw drop. But even amidst the grand scale, the film still beautifully captures the intimate relationships between its characters. It’s a masterpiece.
“English Teacher” — Peter Mikulski, Scene Editor
It’s been a funny year for politics, has it not? (In both the sense of “comical” and the sense of “odd,” I mean.) At the very least, surviving the culture wars of the early 21st century will have been worth it because we got “English Teacher” — a perfect, farcical distillation of the Trump-Biden-Trump era into the 30-minute sitcom format.
“Very Important People” – Andy Ottone, Scene Writer
If you haven’t heard, there’s a video going around involving the stars of the new “Wicked” movie where they’re being interviewed, and the questions and statements on both ends, as well as body language, just get progressively weirder. That’s because, allegedly, nobody on either end knew what was going on. Now, what if that was on purpose, and with a series of excellent comedians from the LA improv community? Hosted by Vic Michaelis, that’s called “Very Important People.”
“Heartstopper” (Season 3) – Claire Watson, Scene Writer
In October, the third season of “Heartstopper” hit Netflix. Personally, it is my favorite season that they have released as it covers and discusses many different themes, including mental health and relationship tensions. The main characters Charlie Spring (Joe Locke) and Nick Nelson (Kit Conner) navigate their relationship as Charlie struggles with an eating disorder and anxiety while Nick is trying his best to help him but does not know how. Having anxiety myself, I believe that this show did an amazing job raising awareness about anxiety and mental health. 
“Agatha All Along” — Harry Penne, Scene Writer
“Agatha All Along,” released weekly from September through October with perfect Halloween vibes, is my new favorite MCU installment. Agatha Harkness (Kathryn Hahn) and her coven face magical trials (which parody different horror movies and tropes) on the Witch’s Road. “The Ballad of Witch’s Road” is arguably the catchiest tune in the MCU and it was fun hearing it evolve over the series. The finale was incredibly satisfying with multiple twists, and I hope the follow-up isn’t far away!
“Nobody Wants This” — Naischa Puri, Scene Writer
As autumn hit campus and coursework picked up its pace, I found a way to kick back with this lighthearted, modern romantic comedy series starring the talented Kristen Bell and Adam Brody. A Netflix original released in late September this year, the story focuses on Joanne, an agnostic, sex-positive podcaster (Bell) and a rabbi named Noah (Brody) and how they deal with societal and family expectations as well as their own relationships with their identities as they fall in love and navigate their lives as a couple. Created by and loosely based on the life of Erin Foster, this show will leave you fulfilled and wanting more all at the same time. 
“The Curse” — Luke Foley, Scene Writer
Leave it to Nathan Fielder to make the defining work of American art from the 21st century. The story is about a couple trying to shoot an HGTV show in New Mexico, but it takes countless dark turns from there. Its social commentary is astonishingly dense and incisive, and the direction is excruciatingly eerie. The characters contain layers of depravity that will equally appall and engross you. But all this culminates in a show that’s extremely powerful. So, if you’re willing to open yourself up to this bizarre show, you’ll be left thinking about it long after its haunting finale.
“brat,” Charli xcx — Peter Mikulski, Scene Editor
After six months of “brat”-mania, I think people are a little weary of the album. That’s fair, but no matter how heavy-handed the “brat” memes and marketing got, I could never hate its music — and that’s what counts. “Pop 2,” “how i’m feeling now” and “brat” are a pop album hat-trick for the ages. (Still, it’s a shame people haven’t come around on “CRASH” yet.)
“American Hero,” Towa Bird — Andy Ottone, Scene Writer
The fact Towa Bird didn’t crack my top five on Spotify this year only leads me to believe Wrapped isn’t as accurate as the corporation claims. While it’s been a great year for pop albums and my playlists are 90% from other artists, I truly love Bird’s debut album. While the album is far from revolutionary, Towa’s unique voice and mix of harder sound with softer messaging, along with her phenomenal mixing on certain tracks, make this my standout album of the year. At least, one of the ones without a huge following.
“Beautiful Things,” Benson Boone — Claire Watson, Scene Writer
This song was definitely one that spoke to my heart. One thing that I really enjoy about it is how full Benson Boone’s voice is. Even when he is singing softer, there is no sense of airiness — he is using his voice to its full potential. Another thing that I love is the musical transition. It starts with soft guitar, focusing on Boone’s singing. Then, as it heads into the chorus, it brings in a bunch of percussion and electric guitar which is a switch from the soft start. It is definitely a song worth listening to. 
“Bando Stone and The New World,” Childish Gambino — Marissa Panethiere, Graphics Editor
My top artist from 2018 to 2020 was an artifact of my teen angst: Childish Gambino. Utilizing his alter-ego for one final addition to his discography, Donald Glover released “Bando Stone and the New World” as a sendoff to this beloved character. The album made frequent appearances in my summer listening, with “Lithonia” as a vocally-forward farewell to a piece of Glover’s rap career. My particular favorites were “Got To Be” and “Yoshinoya” because of their likeness to his previous albums “Because the Internet” and “Camp.” 
“Going Through It,” Eliza Mclamb — Caroline Collins, Assistant Managing Editor 
“Going Through It” is the debut studio album from LA-based (now NYC transplant) pop culture icon Eliza Mclamb. Best known for her podcast “Binchtopia” with co-host Julia Hava, this album is packed with the same sharp wit and humor beloved by “binchies.” Released in January, this album is perfect for yearning and people who have never gotten over anything ever. “Going Through It” is a musical memoir filled with teenage angst and what it means to be a modern woman: “Buying clothes on Instagram / And standing in front of my fridge eating deli ham.” 
“A Place Like This,” Peter McPoland — Aynslee Dellacca, Saint Mary’s News Editor 
Peter McPoland has been a favorite artist of mine since high school. He’s grunge; he’s alternative; he’s indie; he’s pop. And he continues to never disappoint me with each new release. My favorite song from him this year was “A Place Like This,” which was originally released as a single in October and then included in his third album “Friend,” released Dec. 6. Honorary mention goes to “Speed of the Sound (of you)” as well. If you love to find niche and eclectic artists and obsess over them as much as I do, Peter and his music is for you. 
“I Lay Down My Life for You,” JPEGMAFIA — Luke Foley, Scene Writer
JPEGMAFIA has been on a generational run these past few years. His singular combination of boundary-pushing production and chronically online lyrics has made him one of the few exciting artists in a rap industry that is currently stagnant. His newest album only further proves his brilliance, as he once again innovates his sound by embracing industrial and hard rock aesthetics. The results are songs full of abrasive textures and staggering moments. But underneath the heavy production is some of his most poignant lyricism to date, as evident in my favorite song off the album, “either on or off the drugs.”
“X-Men: From the Ashes” — Andy Ottone, Scene Writer
After a six year storyline about a mutant theocratic ethno-state, Marvel restarted all their X-Men books. This relaunch has everything: two “main” X-Men books with different teams, all with iconic members and fan favorites; a well-written Gen Z college life spin-off about cultural diaspora that also has one of the two Wolverines in it; paramilitary units; one of the most popular X-Men graduates adopting the role of mutant mentor; paramilitary units, but they have TikTok accounts; multiple solo books focusing on fan-favorites; another paramilitary unit, but they’re also cyborgs and evil. And don’t even get me started on the Avengers.