Sabrina Carpenter’s summer smash “Espresso” led global radio airplay this summer, according to data provided by Apple Music’s Shazam radio charts, while Kendrick Lamar’s Drake diss track “Not Like Us” was the world’s most-streamed hit this summer on Apple Music.
Sabrina Carpenter.
In a breakout summer for the pop singer, Carpenter’s back-to-back hits “Espresso” and “Please Please Please” rank as the fifth and sixth most-played songs on Apple Music globally between June 21 and Aug. 20, according to Apple data provided to Forbes.
The collaboration “I Had Some Help,” between mega-stars Post Malone and Morgan Wallen, topped Billboard’s “Songs of the Summer” chart, which also factored in sales, and the song finished in the top five for both global radio airplay and Apple Music streams this summer (Wallen’s “Lies Lies Lies” also ranking as the No. 10 most-streamed song).
Several artists had breakout hits this summer, including Benson Boone, whose “Beautiful Things” ranks just behind Carpenter’s smash “Espresso” on global radio, according to data from Apple’s Shazam radio charts, which track thousands of stations worldwide.
Fresh off of guest appearances on Beyoncé’s “Cowboy Carter” album, country star Shaboozey’s “A Bar Song (Tipsy)” was the second most-streamed song between June and August on Apple Music.
Other big hits this summer include Hozier’s “Too Sweet,” the third most-spun song on global radio, and Billie Eilish’s “Birds of a Feather,” the summer’s third most-streamed song on Apple Music.
This summer marked a breakout moment for former Disney Channel actress-turned-singer Carpenter, who had released five albums between 2015 and 2022 to limited commercial success. She had two moderate hits last year, “Nonsense” and “Feather,” and raised her profile further by opening for Taylor Swift’s Eras Tour on her Latin American, Australian and Singapore dates. Carpenter released “Espresso” in April, one day before she performed at the Coachella music festival, which became an immediate hit and the biggest song of her career, topping the Billboard Global 200 and peaking at No. 3 on the Billboard Hot 100. Carpenter released “Please Please Please” in June, which became her first No. 1 hit on the Billboard Hot 100. She released her sixth album, “Short n’ Sweet,” on Aug. 23.
“Not Like Us” became a smash hit amid Lamar’s highly publicized feud with Canadian rapper Drake earlier this year. Fans believe the rappers had traded subtle digs at one another over the past decade, but their feud ramped up earlier this year when Lamar took jabs at both Drake and J. Cole on his guest verse on Metro Boomin and Future’s song, “Like That.” The song unleashed a highly dramatic feud between Drake and Lamar, who dropped a combined eight diss tracks between April and May. The rappers traded wild accusations at one another in their lyrics, with Lamar accusing Drake of pursuing minors and having a secret child—both of which Drake denied—while Drake accused Lamar of domestic violence and alleged he had planted false information in hopes Lamar would use it in a diss track. Several media outlets named Lamar the winner of the feud, considering his lyrics better, and because his songs outperformed Drake’s on the charts: Lamar’s “Not Like Us” and “Like That” went No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100, and “Euphoria” peaked at No. 3.
Shaboozey became the first Black male artist to top the Billboard Hot 100 and Hot Country Songs charts with “A Bar Song (Tipsy)” in July, months after Beyoncé became the first Black artist to top both charts with “Texas Hold ‘Em.” Shaboozey and Beyoncé became the first Black artists to top the Hot Country Songs chart back-to-back since Billboard began publishing the chart in 1958.
Post Malone and Wallen’s “I Had Some Help” ranks No. 1 on Billboard’s “Songs of the Summer” chart, which tracks the most popular songs in the United States based on radio airplay, streams and sales between Memorial Day and Labor Day. The song has topped the chart every week since it began publishing in May. Shaboozey’s “A Bar Song (Tipsy)” ranks second—marking the second year in a row two country songs led the summer songs chart, after Wallen’s “Last Night” and Luke Combs’ cover of “Fast Car” ruled in 2023. Lamar’s “Not Like Us” ranks third on this year’s summer songs chart, Richman’s “Million Dollar Baby” ranks fourth, and Carpenter’s “Espresso” ranks fifth. Carpenter is the only artist with two songs in the top 10: “Please Please Please” ranks seventh.
Sabrina Carpenter’s ‘Please Please Please’ Becomes Her First Billboard Hot 100 No. 1 (Billboard)
Shaboozey & Beyoncé Make History as ‘A Bar Song (Tipsy)’ Replaces ‘Texas Hold ’Em’ Atop Hot Country Songs Chart (Billboard)
Drake-Kendrick Lamar Feud Timeline: Lamar Performs Diss Tracks At Star-Studded ‘Pop Out’ Show (Forbes)
One Community. Many Voices. Create a free account to share your thoughts. 
Our community is about connecting people through open and thoughtful conversations. We want our readers to share their views and exchange ideas and facts in a safe space.
In order to do so, please follow the posting rules in our site's Terms of Service.  We've summarized some of those key rules below. Simply put, keep it civil.
Your post will be rejected if we notice that it seems to contain:
User accounts will be blocked if we notice or believe that users are engaged in:
So, how can you be a power user?
Thanks for reading our community guidelines.  Please read the full list of posting rules found in our site's Terms of Service.