Mega pop star Taylor Swift is heading to London's Wembley Stadium in just a matter of days as she prepares to welcome thousands of fans.


  With sold-out days for all of her June dates and her extra dates in late August, Swift has wowed the world with her record-breaking Eras Tour.


  Celebrating the 'All Too Well' singers career and albums, the multi-Grammy winner will be performing hits from 'You Belong With Me' to her latest hits 'So High School' and many more through her three-hour show.


  But, fans lucky enough to get tickets to see Taylor Swift in Wembley won't just be seeing the mega pop star, as the singer confirmed her London support acts and they're very impressive.


  Find out who is supporting Swift on each night of her Eras Tour in Wembley this August.


























                    View this post on Instagram
                
























A post shared by paramore (@paramore)






A post shared by paramore (@paramore)


  Rock-pop band Paramore has supported Swift throughout her UK and European dates for the Eras Tour and will appear at every London show.


  The band recently finished their own world tour and performed in the likes of the O2 Arena London for sell-out shows.


  Paramore is best known for their hits 'Hard Times', 'Misery Business', 'This Is Why' and 'Brick by Boring Brick'.


  So far on the Eras Tour, Paramore has had the following setlist:


See What's On.  (Image: Newsquest)


  On August 15, Californian singer Sofia Isella will support Swift, the indie rock singer who has been a violinist since she was three years old.


  The classically trained singer is best known for hits, Everybody Supports Women, Hot Gum and Us and Pigs.


























                    View this post on Instagram
                
























A post shared by Holly Humberstone (@hollyhumberstone)






A post shared by Holly Humberstone (@hollyhumberstone)


  Supporting on August 16, Holly Humberstone won the 2022 BRIT Rising Star Award and is best known for her son Haunted House.


  For the song she received nominations for Best Song Musically and Lyrically at the Ivor Novello Awards


  Suki Waterhouse will support Swift on August 17 and is best known for her hits 'OMG' and 'Good Looking'.


  The recent Vogue cover star is also an actress and model starring in films including The Broken Hearts Gallery, A Rainy Day in New York and Brun.


RECOMMENDED READING 


A post shared by RAYE 🇬🇧🇨🇭🇬🇭 (@raye)


  Singer Maisie Peters will support the Eras Tour on August 19 and has previously been on tour with the likes of Ed Sheeran.


  Peters has hits including History of Man, Not Another Rockstar, Blonde, Body Better, The Band And I and more.


  Multi Brit winner and national hit RAYE will wow crowds at Wembley best known for her album My 21st Century Blues.


  The award winner has songs including Escapism, Worth It, Genesis, Hard Out Here, Prada and Bed.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                

                            Last Updated: 

Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.