By 

	Ethan Millman


Lainey Wilson released her song “Out Of Oklahoma” as well as an accompanying music video on Thursday, the latest single tied to the stacked soundtrack for the upcoming Lee Isaac Chung-directed Twisters, the sequel to 1996’s Twister.

	On “Out Of Oklahoma,” Wilson sings about “trying to stay between the lines of who I am and who I used to be,” as she navigates the hectic past few years as she’s risen to country superstardom. While she isn’t from the Sooner state herself, she uses Oklahoma — where Twisters presumably takes place — as a metaphor for her older self that remains with her as she sings about how “you can’t take the home out of Oklahoma.”

	“It’s wild how life throws a theme at you ain’t it, my life the past few years has felt like a twister … hence why I titled my new album Whirlwind,” Wilson wrote on her Instagram post announcing the song. “So when I got the opportunity to write a song for the new Twisters movie, it was a challenge I couldn’t pass up. Reading Kate’s story, I found a lot of parallels between our lives. We’re both chasing wild and crazy careers, but they make us feel something and give us a sense of home.”

	










Twisters is a direct sequel to the 1996 disaster film that starred Helen Hunt. The sequel will star Daisy Edgar-Jones and Glenn Powell and is slated to hit theaters on July 19. Its accompanying soundtrack album will come out the same day. 





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	








	The film’s soundtrack could end up being one of the biggest albums of the year, with Wilson being just one of many country heavy-hitters featured on the project. Prior to “Out of Oklahoma,” Luke Combs’ “Ain’t No Love In Oklahoma,” Megan Moroney’s “Never Left Me,” Bailey Zimmerman’s “Hell or High Water” and Tyler Wetmore’s “Already Had It” had been released as well. Other artists featured on the 29-song soundtrack include Miranda Lambert, Thomas Rhett, Jelly Roll, Kane Brown, Shania Twain, Benson Boone, Leon Bridges, and Charley Crockett among others. 

	Wilson’s Whirlwind, her first album since the Grammy-winning Bell Bottom Country, is set to release on August 23. 
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.