You may have watched Jamie Borthwick before his debut as Jay Brown, without even realising.
The Eastenders star, 30, has already come on leaps and bounds (quite literally) after trading pints at The Queen Vic for gruelling rehearsals with pro dancing partner Michelle Tsiakkas, 29. The dynamic duo received a respectable 27 points from the Strictly judges for their stunning Rumba to the iconic Ain't No Sunshine by Bill Withers - a four point increase from week one's Viennese Waltz routine, where they trotted along to Benson Boone's hit Beautiful Things.
It is believed the pair will take on Quickstep for Movie Week, where they'll be dancing along to I'm Still Standing from the acclaimed Elton John biopic Rocketman. After winning the show's Christmas special last year, pressure is on for the star to score big.
Jamie joined Eastenders back in 2006 and has since featured in more than 1,333 episodes - central to a slew of dramatic storylines including the sad death of his on-screen wife Lola (Danielle Harold). But, most people don't know the actor also bagged two small appearances in the hit comedy series Not Going Out, featuring a slew of stars including Lee Mack, Sally Bretton, Katy Wix and Hugh Dennis.
According to the star's IMBD page, he featured in Season One Episode Three 'Aussie' as 'aggressive boy' and came back two episodes later to play 'Young Chav'. Jamie is also credited for featuring in BBC's Celebrate 'Oliver' in 2005 along with Vigil star Suranne Jones. Other TV appearances include 2010 and 2015's Children in Need, and the EastEnders' Grease-inspired special that aired in 2014.
Want the latest behind the scenes goss and show secrets sent straight to your inbox? Sign up to our Strictly Come Dancing Newsletter
After joining up to the dancing competition's 20th series, Jamie was asked if - like many other contestants - he was having to make any personal sacrifices to make sure he was performing at his best and up for the long hours of training. "No booze ban for me," he explained. "I've never drunk ever in my life and no one loves me, so I can't do a sex ban! No bans for me, just loads of food."
The star, from Barking, London, added that he thinks a 'load of mums' will be swooning over him and his glittery outfits over the coming weeks, adding: "It'll be great... As long as everyone all across the hall is happy and having fun, then we're happy."
Strictly Come Dancing airs every Saturday on BBC One.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.