Emmy Russell, the granddaughter of country music legend Loretta Lynn, competes on "American Idol" on Monday, April 8, 2024, on ABC.Disney
Emmy Russell said heading into Monday night’s episode of “American Idol” that she was “praying my performances are getting stronger.”
Prayers answered, Emmy.
The granddaughter of country music legend Loretta Lynn absolutely shined, wowing the crowd and getting a big ovation, singing Benson Boone’s “Beautiful Things.”
Country music star Jelly Roll, who was on the show working as a mentor and judge for the episode, told Russell he was proud of her.
And the other judges heaped on the praise.
“You have a texture in your voice that is your career,” Lionel Richie told Russell. “And on top of that what you have is a storyteller’s voice. We hear every word you are saying, and we believe it.”
“I know you didn’t write that song,” Katy Perry told Russell. “But you sang it like you did.
“You pushed your vocals a lot tonight, and I loved it,” she continued. “I want you to keep doing it, and have confidence while doing it because tonight’s vocals were the best I have ever head from you. You have a story to tell and you did it great tonight.”
Luke Bryan was also complimentary.
If your fame is sitting on a stool, delivering a song that really makes people reflect on their life, that can be your thing,” he said. “And when you are ready you can go and high-five the front row, and look up at the nosebleed section and waive at them. I mean, I don’t think people can appreciate how shy this girl was a few months ago.
“As people get to know you, the shyness will go away,” Bryan added. “We are seeing that happen right in front of our eyes, and it’s a beautiful thing to watch.”
Russell is hoping to advance beyond the top 24 and into next week, and it is hard to imagine her performance did not secure that opportunity for her.
You can see her amazing performance below:
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices