Don't miss the biggest stories and breaking news with the Echo daily newsletter
We have more newsletters
Don't miss the biggest stories and breaking news with the Echo daily newsletter
We have more newsletters
MTV wrangled the biggest stars across the world to perform at last night's European Music Awards. The MTV EMAs are the red-headed stepchild to the summer Video Music Awards ceremony but nevertheless, their prestige is palpable.
Pop star Rita Ora juggled delivering the show to a 23,000-strong Co-op Live audience while whirling through numerous outfit changes. The singer-songwriter celebrated her third consecutive year at the show's helm and proved all night why she's continuously the perfect choice for the job.
I was fortunate enough to be in the arena during the event to watch Rita in her element. She endured a 10-minute long speech from Busta Rhymes as he accepted his global icon award like it was no problem. Between performances, she darted around the stage to meet her mark. However, a pre-planned interview with a local legend left even the professional gasping for an ad break.
Towards the end of the evening, MTV planned for a chat between Rita and Happy Mondays singers Shaun Ryder and Mark "Bez" Berry. Until this point, the audience only erupted for their favourite artists and winners. Once famed Bolton-personality Bez got a hold of the mic, everyone was in hysterics.
Award shows have an overmanufactured comedy. Jokes are written for presenters and they rarely land due to poor delivery or standards. Bez and Shaun are perfect for a genuine giggle. They bounce off each other effortlessly. If you've watched them on Celebrity Gogglebox then I'm preaching to the choir.
Bez and Shaun bantered back and forth about their poor memory and how they "don't get wheeled out much" anymore. Spirits were high with an ecstatic Bez ready to chat the night away and Shaun soaking it all in. The audience erupted with laughter at how drastically boisterous and loud they were against what was a scripted and delivered event until this point.
Rita attempted to move the conversation along however an eager Bez went on to shower the singer with compliments, elongating a segment already spiralling into chaos. Bez said: "Rita let me tell you how lovely you are. You make everyone so welcome and s***. You are a special lady." 
Rita beamed at the hilariously awkward encounter but Bez wasn't finished. He turned to the audience and screamed: "Everyone give it up for Rita Ora!" Once again, the audience gave one of the loudest cheers of the night.
Just when we thought they were finished, Rita made the foolish decision to introduce the pair to singer Benson Boone. Even she couldn't hold back the laughter at what was expected next.
Bez grabbed Rita's mic and delivered an on-brand compliment. Speaking to the American singer in his heavy Mancunian accent, Bez said: "I was so blown away by that performance, Honestly, how f****** amazing. The way he came down on that piano I thought Elton John's going to be so gutted."
Rita laughed throughout the segment as she battled to retrieve her microphone. Bez continued: "And you know what - imagine coming down on a big shiny piano. Then smashing it after." Rita eventually introduced the next act but Bez continued to steal focus behind her by hugging Benson. For the entire segment, the audience was in stitches.
The MTV EMAs delivered phenomenal performances from some of the world's biggest stars. But this single planned and then flipped on its head chat was undoubtedly the highlight of the night. We couldn't contain ourselves. Maybe MTV should make the gamble of a lifetime and recruit Bez and Shaun to host. It will undoubtedly never happen but could you imagine?!