The time has finally come, mega popstar Taylor Swift is heading to London's Wembley Stadium for her next stop on the record-breaking Eras Tour.


  The 'Fearless' singer's world tour has seen Swift travel the world with sell-out shows celebrating the Grammy winner's career.


  Throughout her three-hour show, Swift will perform hits from across her albums, including Red, Speak Now, 1989, Lover, Folklore, Reputation, Love, Evermore, Midnights and her latest drop, The Tourtued Poets Department (no Debut sadly).


  Swift first announced her UK dates in June 2023 and tickets were like gold dust with many Swifties still hoping to get last-minute tickets days before her London shows.


  But, for those Swifties lucky enough to get tickets and head to Wembley for the Eras Tour, here are some important details you need to know.


  So be sure to save this article and have it handy for your show.


Taylor Swift will perform a total of eight shows at London's Wembley Stadium, with three in June and a later five in August. See the full list of dates below:


See What's On.  (Image: Newsquest)


  Doors open at the following time for shows at Wembley:


Friday 21st June, Saturday 22nd June, Friday 16th August, Saturday 17th August


Sunday 23rd June


Thursday 15th August, Monday 19th August, Tuesday 20th August


  Below you can check the set times for shows at Wembley, it's important to know that timings are subject to change and will be confirmed closer to the date of the Eras Show.


  August times will be updated closer to the time.


Friday, 21st June and Saturday, 22nd June


Sunday, 23rd June


























                    View this post on Instagram
                
























A post shared by Wembley Stadium (@wembleystadium)






A post shared by Wembley Stadium (@wembleystadium)


  The layout for the Eras Tour is split into six sections with a mix of standing and seating at Wembley.


  There are three areas for standing, front standing right (Blue), front standing left (Pink) and general admission standing (Yellow).


  Away from standing, there are plenty of seated tickets on Level 1 (Green), Level 2 (Red) and Level 5 (Orange).


  All seating is reserved, it is also important to note that people buying in level 5 should be aware they are high up and not suitable if you have a fear of heights.


  You can see the view from your seat via this website. 


    🏟️ The Eras Tour seat map for Wembley Stadium has been made available on Ticketmaster! There will be three standing only sections and three reserved seating levels. pic.twitter.com/AAGr5uVJlu


  Wembley Stadium prohibits any ticket holders from bringing any bags into the stadium unless it adheres to the venue's regulations. If you have a bag that is non-compliant you will be refused entry.


  All bags are checked at an outdoor cordon and for any dispute of size, a bag gauge will be used so it's best to keep bags small.


  The most important rule to follow is that bags must be no larger than an A4 piece of paper.


  The official sizing is:


  Plus, if bags are full or folded over to reduce their size they will not be accepted.


























                    View this post on Instagram
                
























A post shared by Taylor Swift (@taylorswift)






A post shared by Taylor Swift (@taylorswift)


  All bags will be inspected and this may include personal wanding or a pat-down, plus any merchandise brought will be supplied in a clear plastic bag.


  If for any medical reason, you require a bag that does not fit the stadium's policy, you will need to contact the team prior to the day of the event.


  You can also check a full list of banned items via this explainer here.


  Taylor Swift will have several support acts for each of her dates at Wembley Stadium, but Paramore will be supporting for every show.


  Swift also confirmed that there will be special support acts for her London dates, with the following artists taking to the stage each day:


RECOMMENDED READING


Taylor Swift Eras Tour lyrics quiz to test how well you know them


  Swift is set to perform her biggest hits from 'You Belong With Me' to her latest song 'Who's Afraid of Little Old Me'.


  You can see the full setlist via this explainer here.


  Tickets to see Taylor Swift at Wembley Stadium for the Eras Tour were in high demand.


  Since first going on sale last summer, all tickets to all of Swift's London shows have now sold out.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.