Surprise! A new song from Bailey Zimmerman has arrived.
The part-reflective, part-motivational track is titled “Hell or High Water” and previews the forthcoming Twisters: The Album.
“I know it ain’t gonna be no easy ride/ And what doesn’t kill you makes you stronger/ But I’m running out of places I can hide/ And every day it’s like the nights get longer/ When I close my eyes, yeah the waves get higher and the flames get hotter/ So I’m asking myself ’cause I can’t tell if this is hell or just high water,” Bailey sings in the chorus. 
“Whatever is going on in y’all’s life, I just hope this song gives you a sense of peace and hope because it does get better!” Bailey shares in a press release. “God gives his hardest battles to his strongest soldiers.” 
“And to those of y’all that are on the greener side of the battle, I hope this song makes you realize it was only high water,” he adds. “I really hope y’all love this song as much as I do.”
Twisters: The Album, featuring Luke Combs‘ new single, “Ain’t No Love in Oklahoma,” will be released alongside its accompanying film, Twisters, on July 19.
Twisters: The Album is available for preorder and presave now.
Here’s the star-studded track list for Twisters: The Album:
Luke Combs – “Ain’t No Love in Oklahoma”Miranda Lambert – “Ain’t in Kansas Anymore”Conner Smith– “Steal My Thunder” (feat. Tucker Wetmore)Thomas Rhett – “Feelin’ Country”Warren Zeiders – “The Cards I’ve Been Dealt”Megan Moroney – “Never Left Me”Lainey Wilson – “Out of Oklahoma”Bailey Zimmerman – “Hell or High Water”Jelly Roll – “Dead End Road”Kane Brown – “Country Classic”Sam Barber – “Tear Us Apart”Tyler Childers – “Song While You’re Away”Tucker Wetmore – “Already Had It”Leon Bridges – “Chrome Cowgirl”Benson Boone – “Death Wish Love”Shania Twain & BRELAND – “Boots Don’t”Dylan Gossett – “Stronger Than a Storm”Lanie Gardner – “Chasing the Wind”Jelly Roll – “Leave the Light On” (feat. Alexandra Kay)Wyatt Flores & Jake Kohn – “Before I Do”The Red Clay Strays – “Caddo County”Tanner Usrey – “Blackberry Wine”Tanner Adell – “Too Easy”Mason Ramsey – “Shake Shake (All Night Long)”Tyler Halverson – “New Loop”Flatland Cavalry – “Touchdown”Nolan Taylor – “Driving You Home”Wilderado, Ken Pomeroy, & James McAlister – “Wall of Death”Charley Crockett – “(Ghost) Riders in the Sky”
Copyright © 2024, ABC Audio. All rights reserved.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.