Nicki Minaj, AP Photo/Charles Sykes/Invision (from left); Rosé, AP Photo/Lee Young-ho/Sipa USA; Andrea Bocelli, AP Photo/Evan Agostini/Invision
Welcome back, Terriers, to our monthly column, What’s Hot in Music This Month.
The holiday season is upon us and what better way to celebrate this festive time of the year than through music? A couple of notable albums are dropping this month, including a deluxe edition of Nicki Minaj’s iconic Pink Friday 2, and the local music scene offers the annual Boston Pops Holiday Pops, the Kiss 108 Jingle Ball, and a Boston visit by legendary Italian tenor Andrea Bocelli.
At the height of their fame, the four artists that make up the K-Pop girl group Blackpink seem to be working constantly. In the midst of preparations for a Blackpink world tour, band member Rosé is set to release her debut studio album, rosie, this week. Preceded by her 2021 single album R, rosie is sure to set the stage for the singer/songwriter’s solo career. The album opens with “number one girl,” a ballad that showcases Rosé’s vocal prowess, but also her emotional side, with lyrics like “I’d give it all up if you told me/That I’d be/The number one girl in your eyes.” The album’s second single, “APT.,” featuring Bruno Mars, offers a more classic K-Pop sound, a combination of English and Korean lyrics with electro pop influences. The song takes inspiration from a South Korean drinking game, with the chorus built around the game’s rhythmic chant of “apateu.” The 12-track rosie drops on December 6.
Share this
Since the release of her debut 2010 album, Pink Friday, and its sequel, which dropped last year, Nicki Minaj fans have been anticipating the final installment of the trilogy: Pink Friday 3. But much to fans’ dismay, Minaj is again pushing back the release of PF3, instead dropping a deluxe edition of PF2, titled Pink Friday 2—The Hiatus, set to release December 13, in celebration of PF2’s one year anniversary. Minaj just concluded the second North American leg of her record-breaking Pink Friday 2 world tour, which saw the queen of rap perform 79 shows across three continents.
Share this
The Boston Pops will perform their Holiday Pops concerts at Symphony Hall, 301 Massachusetts Ave., Boston, December 5 through 24. Times vary. Purchase tickets, starting at approximately $50, here.
One of the most beloved local holiday traditions, the Boston Pops annual Holiday Pops concerts, featuring a rotating series of celebrities and a special visit from Santa Claus himself, have returned to Symphony Hall. Led by longtime Pops conductor Keith Lockhart (Hon.’04), the concerts will feature performances of such classic holiday songs as “Jingle Bells,” “The 12 Days of Christmas,” and “Sleigh Ride.” Choose from a variety of dates and times throughout December.
Lake Street Dive will perform at MGM Music Hall at Fenway, 2 Lansdowne St., Boston, December 13 and 14, at 8 pm. Purchase tickets for December 13, starting at $107, here and for December 14, starting at $69, here.
Lake Street Dive is a local legend. The indie-pop group was formed in 2004 by four jazz students at the New England Conservatory of Music. The band’s most recent album, Good Together, begins with a single of the same name, which puts lead singer Rachael Price’s voice on full display. The 11-track record incorporates some electronic sounds into the group’s tried-and-true ’70s pop feel. Don’t miss Lake Street Dive during their two-day homecoming, as they take the stage at MGM Music Hall at Fenway December 13 and 14, part of their Good Together tour.
Andrea Bocelli will perform at TD Garden, 100 Legends Way, Boston, December 14 at 8 pm. Purchase tickets, starting at $179, here.
Italian-born singer Andrea Bocelli remains one the most beloved classical crossover artists of all time. Since his debut in 1994, the Grammy-winning tenor has released 15 solo studio albums, ranging from classical and opera to pop, including the holiday favorite, My Christmas. Hearing Bocelli’s soaring tenor is not only a once in a lifetime experience, it’s the perfect way to get into the holiday spirit.
Kiss 108 Jingle Ball will be held at TD Garden, 100 Legends Way, Boston, December 15 at 6 pm. Purchase tickets, starting at $235, here.
Every year, iHeartRadio collaborates with a local radio station and a charity foundation to put on the Kiss 108 Jingle Ball, a one-night-only holiday concert featuring some of the biggest names in music. This year’s event, set to take place December 15 at TD Garden, includes Tate McRae, Twenty One Pilots, Meghan Trainor, The Kid LAROI, Kesha, Benson Boone, and KATSEYE. Proceeds will support the Ryan Seacrest Foundation, a nonprofit founded by media mogul Ryan Seacrest dedicated to inspiring pediatric patients through entertainment and education.
Mau P will perform at Big Night Live, 110 Causeway St., Boston, December 28 at 9:30 pm. Purchase tickets, starting at $55, here. The concert is 21+.
Often compared to Martin Garrix, Mau P is another Dutch DJ making a name for himself in the American EDM scene. You’ve likely heard his debut single, “Drugs from Amsterdam,” a club favorite characterized by its distinctive beat drops and hypnotic energy. If you’re looking to attend a concert with festive vibes, this is the one for you.
What’s Hot in Music This Month: New Albums, Local Concerts December


							Eden Mor (COM’25)						

							Profile						

Boston University moderates comments to facilitate an informed, substantive, civil conversation. Abusive, profane, self-promotional, misleading, incoherent or off-topic comments will be rejected. Moderators are staffed during regular business hours (EST) and can only accept comments written in English. Statistics or facts must include a citation or a link to the citation.
		
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Boston University’s Alumni Magazine
News, Opinion, Community
Pioneering Research from Boston University