Shaboozey performs at Outside Lands Music Festival on Friday, Aug. 9, 2024, in San Francisco, Calif.Amy Harris/Invision/AP
Hip-hop country artist Shaboozey, best known for his breakthrough, chart-topping hit “A Bar Song (Tipsy),” kicks off his “Where I’ve Been, Isn’t Where I’m Going Tour” tonight in Minneapolis. Find out below how you can see him in New York.
“This year’s been a lot of firsts, and happy to include my first ever headline tour to that list,” he wrote on Instagram. “Come listen to me perform the album and new music live for the first time this fall on leg one of ‘WIBIWIG!’ … Let’s sell these out and add more dates, I wanna meet and see every single one of yall!”
The tour is in support of Shaboozey’s third studio album, “Where I’ve Been, Isn’t Where I’m Going,” which released on May 31, 2024. The album debuted at number five on the US Billboard 200 and features the singles “Let It Burn,” “Anabelle,” “Vegas” and “A Bar Song (Tipsy),” which peaked atop the Billboard Hot 100 and became the longest running number one in 2024.
Tickets to Shaboozey’s “Where I’ve Been, Isn’t Where I’m Going Tour” can be purchased online through AXS or secondary market platforms such as Vivid Seats, SeatGeek and StubHub, where prices can be listed below face value depending on demand.
Here’s a look at the best prices for Shaboozey’s New York shows (including fees):
Sept. 17 - Brooklyn Steel - Brooklyn, NY
Sept. 18 - Irving Plaza - New York, NY
Prices and availability are noted at the time of publishing and are subject to change.
09/09 - Minneapolis, MN - First Avenue (Tickets)
09/10 - Chicago, IL - Metro Chicago (Tickets)
09/13 - Toronto, ON, CA - The Danforth Music Hall (Tickets)
09/16 - Boston, MA - Royale Boston (Tickets)
09/17 - Brooklyn, NY - Brooklyn Steel (Tickets)
09/18 - New York, NY - Irving Plaza (Tickets)
09/21 - Washington DC - 9:30 Club (Tickets)
09/23 - Washington DC - 9:30 Club (Tickets)
09/25 - Atlanta, GA - Variety Playhouse (Tickets)
09/29 - Denver, CO - Cervantes Masterpiece & The Other Side (Tickets)
09/30 - Denver, CO - Cervantes Masterpiece & The Other Side (Tickets)
10/02 - Nashville, TN - Ascend Amphitheater (Tickets)
10/14 - Los Angeles, CA - Fonda Theatre (Tickets)
10/15 - Los Angeles, CA - Fonda Theatre (Tickets)
Can’t get enough live music? Shaboozey isn’t the only touring artist. Check out other favorites who know how to put on an unforgettable show, including Sabrina Carpenter, Childish Gambino, Charli XCX, Benson Boone and Taylor Swift.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices