Something old, something new, something borrowed, something . . . Cool?
A Long Island chef spent his wedding night cooking for LL Cool J after the Queens hip-hop icon unexpectedly showed up at his reception.
Salvatore Sorrentino — the chef and owner of 388 Italian Restaurant in Roslyn — and his bride, Gina Sorrentino, were married on Monday and returned to their popular eatery after the ceremony for dinner with friends and family, we’re told.
But when the couple arrived at the Italian spot, they found that Fat Joe and DJ Khaled were already at 388 in a private room to celebrate the birthday of Fat Joe’s manager, Rich Player, we hear.
The music crowd is out on Long Island since the 2024 MTV Video Music Awards are set to take place this week in nearby Elmont, NY, at the UBS Arena. 
But the wedding celebration then ended with another unexpected guest.
A source told Page Six that later, “Just as the newlyweds were preparing to leave, a Sprinter van pulled up, and out stepped another music legend, LL Cool J.”
That’s when foodie groom Sorrentino, “without hesitation,” we hear, “swapped his custom tux for his chef coat, reopened the kitchen, and prepared a meal for LL and his crew!”
The insider also told us of the musical ‘crashers,’ “All the stars congratulated the couple and wished them years of happiness.”
A post shared by 388 Italian Restaurant (@388restaurant)
A post shared by 388 Italian Restaurant (@388restaurant)
The insider added, “The restaurant had just closed when LL got there… Sal will never turn anyone away if they want to eat!” 
Said the source, “It was a night to remember.” 
Pics of the night show mega-producer DJ Khaled posing with the bride and groom, as well as a group shot featuring Khaled, Fat Joe and Rich Player with the wedding party.
“Mama Said Knock You Out” rapper LL Cool J (aka James Todd Smith III) also posed for pics in a red ballcap, fashionable baggy gray pants, a hoodie and chains, natch. 
Sorrentino comes from a restaurant family: His bio says he “followed in his parents’ footsteps who owned over 10 restaurants,” and that he began as a dishwasher in his teens before working his way up. 
Also at the wedding celebration was 388 partner Chris Tsarsi, Matthew Sorrentino and Joe Giovanni. 
LL Cool J is also promoting his 14th studio album, “The Force.
A post shared by 388 Italian Restaurant (@388restaurant)
The rapper is also expected to perform at the VMAs on Wednesday, along with Chappell Roan, Sabrina Carpenter, Halsey, Megan Thee Stallion, Lenny Kravitz, Shawn Mendes, Benson Boone and more. 
Sorrentino’s restaurant also has a Florida location, and has been known as a spot for celebs and athletes including Carmelo Anthony, Nelly and Mets star J. D. Martinez, among others. 
Advertisement