By Peter White 
Executive Editor, Television

	Conan O’Brien is set to make his first appearance as a guest on The Tonight Show since his unceremonious departure.

	The comedian hosted The Tonight Show between June 2009 and January 2010 but was replaced by Jay Leno’s return to the show after his short-lived primetime failure.

	O’Brien will now be a guest on Jimmy Fallon’s version of the show on April 9, to promote his long-in-the-works travelogue, Conan O’Brien Must Go, which debuts on Max on April 18. Other guests on that show include Nicole Richie and musical guest Benson Boone.

	The former Conan host – he hosted that show between 2010 and 2021 – has, however, made a short video appearance on Jimmy Fallon’s show before. In 2018, he appeared in a skit that the former SNL star and The Late Show’s Stephen Colbert did.

	










			Watch on Deadline		






Conan O’Brien Must Go sees him visit new friends he’s met through his podcast, Conan O’Brien Needs a Fan, making stops in Norway, Thailand, Argentina, and Ireland.

	It is produced by Conaco and O’Brien exec produces with Jeff Ross.
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.