Yes, there’s a reason it feels like your entire FYP was in the South of France this summer.
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we love. Promise.
In the grand scheme of summer-travel FOMO, France’s Côte d’Azur is tops—especially when everyone you follow is there being glamorous (see: Alix Earle and Madeline Argy). So what were they all up to, besides serving killer looks and making us research flight prices to Nice?
The influencers were in town for the 2024 Cannes Lions Festival, an annual five-day event in Cannes, France, about a month after the iconic yearly film festival in the same spot. It’s where the biggest names and brands in creative marketing (think Spotify and Pinterest) host panels, activations, and plenty of swanky parties to celebrate and discuss the latest industry trends. TL;DR: It’s a major meeting of the marketing masterminds.
So this brings us back to the Alix Earle of it all. She and a bunch of her peers who dominate feeds worldwide—Jake Shane, Robyn DelMonte, and Tefi Pessoa, to name a few—were present for this year’s festivities and for a more than relevant reason: their Gen Z audiences. This year’s festival was all about figuring out how brands can meet young consumers where they’re at—but not, you know, in a “how are you doing, fellow kids” sort of way. 
Cannes’ new initiative, LIONS Creators, introduced a roster of panels and events specifically tailored for those  working within the ever-expanding creator economy—which *heavily* relies on the young influencers we all know and love. So Next Gen, the Gen Z–led youth marketing arm at United Talent Agency, hosted a ton of influencer-filled activations, panels, and dinners in a festival-within-the-festival aptly called ZCANNES.
With sponsors eos, Pinterest, Rokt, Snapchat, Yahoo, TikTok, and PopSockets, ZCANNES aims to “reimagine what the new era of democratization of intergenerational conversation looks like,” UTA Next Gen executive Shaina Zafar—a Gen Zer herself—told Cosmo. “We’re passing the mic to Gen Z to talk about the hottest trends, the new ‘eras, ’‘cores,’ and the values that we care about, to inform brands and empower creators. It’s a spin-off of ZCON, UTA Next Gen’s annual conference of Gen Z–only speakers, that’ll take place in NYC in October 2024, so it’s a small taste of what’s to come!”
Check out some of the must-see highlights from this year’s festival and the star-studded ZCANNES event. 
Wanna know a Cannes Lions open secret? Each year, Spotify’s beach parties are *the* place to be. Past performers have included legendary acts like the Foo Fighters and Kendrick Lamar, but this year’s lineup was dominated by Gen Z artists who are making waves. 
Hitmakers like Shaboozey, Benson Boone, and (Cosmo cover girl!) Tyla hit the stage. But according to CJ Stanley, co-head of Global Communications at Spotify, the impressive list of performers chosen was only one of the many ways that the brand is connecting with its younger consumers—another is their relationship with UTA Next Gen.
“We’re lucky to have the world’s culture-defining creators showcase their content on Spotify, allowing culture-obsessed fans to tune in. Achieving that requires us to collaborate with partners from a range of diverse backgrounds and areas of expertise,” CJ told Cosmo. 
“We’ve been very grateful to have had UTA Next Gen’s partnership for a few years now. They bring diverse creators, influencers, and thought leaders into the room at Spotify events and are a partner in understanding Gen Z insights and where culture’s headed.”
Fun fact: eos, the iconic skincare company, had never hosted one of those flashy influencer trips until this year. They chose none other than Cannes Lions as their first-ever destination and flew out six innovative Gen Z media personalities to post up in a gorgeous villa and participate in the festival’s event programming. The lucky folks included content creators Stacy Thiru, Serena Kerrigan, Victoria Paris, and Madeline Argy, actor Avantika Vandanapu, and civil rights advocate Chelsea Miller. 
All of the eos villa creators were also ZCANNES panelists that week! Stacy, Serena, Victoria, and Madeline joined a conversation about navigating influencer marketing, while Chelsea spoke on a panel with Gen Z historian Kahlil Greene about centering diverse young voices in historically gatekept spaces. Necessary discussions, people!
This collaborative activation saw thousands of guests stop by, and each of them basically got to experience stepping into a real-life Pinterest board. There was a range of hands-on activities and immersive experiences available (like a permanent tattoo station for braver attendees) plus Gen Z ideas and trends on display for people to discover and try out for themselves. 
Andréa Mallard, chief marketing and communications officer at Pinterest, says that her team’s Gen Z focus at this year’s festival this year was a priority. “Over half a billion people come to our platform to get ideas and inspiration, and Gen Z makes up more than 40 percent of our users. It was important for us to create a space at Cannes that emulated how our users see Pinterest: a positive space just for them.” 
And what better than a ritzy dinner to wrap up a day of ZCANNES’ jam-packed programming? Executives from Meta and UTA sat down with a group of Gen Z’s most exciting online figures to talk shop, exchange ideas, and celebrate the end of Cannes Lions 2024. 
“Attending Cannes Lions as a creator not only allows me to have direct access to the industry and creatives I speak about on my platform but also allows my voice and ideas to be a part of the conversation,” creator and ZCANNES participant Robyn Delmonte told Cosmo. 
“I was tapped to speak on panels and host events by some of my favorite brands like PopSockets, Spotify, and Pinterest. It’s just so refreshing and necessary for conversations about the creator economy to actually involve creators. Viewing and utilizing them as creatives and not just ad space is extremely beneficial on both ends.”
Cosmo x ZCannes Cocktail Hour
Yup, we were on the scene too. Guests like Tefi Pessoa, Jake Shane, Braxton Berrios, and Alix Earle were in attendance at our cocktail hour, and they were also among the first to hear some pretty exciting tea. There, Cosmopolitan editor-in-chief Jessica Giles, and UTA Next Gen head Ziad Ahmed announced that Cosmo is collaborating with UTA Next Gen’s ZCON later this year. Together, we’ll be awarding the inaugural new members of “Club Cosmo” at ZCON in October—and the lucky inductees are the major brands, trends, and people that are driving Gen Z culture today. Be sure to keep an eye out for more info on that from us as the year goes on. Who’s excited? We are! :)
Does ‘Thunderbolts*’ Have Any Post-Credit Scenes?
Why Can’t ‘Another Simple Favor’ Be Gay? 
8 Takeaways From Prince Harry’s New BBC Interview
Where You’ve Seen You’s Madeline Brewer Before
Every Character Joe Goldberg Has Killed in ‘You'
'You' Season 5 Cast: Full Character Guide
‘You’ Season 5 Ending, Explained
Breaking Down the 'The Four Seasons' Finale
JoJo Says Kath Was “Uncool” to Allege She Cheated
Breaking Down the Ending of ‘Thunderbolts*’
JoJo Breaks Silence on Mickey Rourke’s Homophobia
A$AP Rocky on Sharing Clothes With Rihanna
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.