Metro Boomin and Future's 'We Don't Trust You' also leads the Billboard 200 with the biggest opening numbers of the year so far. 

								By 

	Thania Garcia


Future, Metro Boomin and Kendrick Lamar’s “Like That,” in which Lamar directly responds to Drake and J. Cole’s “First Person Shooter,” has landed at No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart. The song is featured on Future and Metro Boomin’s new collaborative album, “We Don’t Trust You,” also the No. 1 album on the Billboard 200 albums chart this week.

	Lamar makes an appearance on “Like That,” directly referencing Drake and Cole’s boast of the “big three” best rappers in the game; “Love when they argue the hardest emcee / Is it K. Dot? Is it Aubrey? Or me? / We the big three like we started a league,” Cole raps in “First Person Shooter.” 

	










			Popular on Variety		







	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					Celtics Sale Shows Media’s New Pot of Gold: Sports Teams as Mega-Brands 		
			














	
		
					John Cena Returns to 'WWE SmackDown' Ahead of Wrestlemania Farewell: Watch the Wrestling Event Online Free		
			








	Lamar fires back in “Like That,” condemning Cole and Drake’s “sneak dissing” by directly referencing, “‘First Person Shooter,’ I hope they came with three switches.” He later adds, “Motherfuck the big three, n—a, it’s just big me.” 

	Much like Megan Thee Stallion and Nicki Minaj’s highly-publicized rap beef propelled Megan’s “Hiss” up the charts in February, Lamar’s fiery verses in “Like That” pushed the song to reach 60 million streams and 5.6 million radio airplay audience impressions in its first week, according to Luminate. An additional four songs from “We Don’t Trust You” lead the Hot 100: “Type Shit” is at No. 2; “Cinderella” is at No. 6; “We Don’t Trust You” is at No. 8 and “Young Metro” is at No. 9. “Like That” also leads Billboard’s Global 200 songs chart.

	Meanwhile, the parent LP logged 251,000 album units earned in the United States, driven largely by streaming activity. It was also the biggest opening week of 2024 for any album, Future’s second-largest week ever and Metro Boomin’s biggest week, per Billboard. The pair are also set to release a second, companion album to “We Don’t Trust You” on April 12.

	Olivia Rodrigo’s “Guts” follows “We Don’t Trust You” at No. 2, following the 2023 set’s deluxe reissue, which included the release of additional tracks. Hozier’s new four-song EP “Unheard” also enters the Top 10 at No. 10 with 38,000 album units and 44 million streams. Back on the Hot 100, “Too Sweet” — the opening track on “Unheard” — starts at No. 5 as Hozier’s second Top 10 hit, with nearly 29 million streams and 268,000 airplay impressions. 

	










	The remaining Top 10 titles on the Hot 100 are Top Five holders from previous weeks: Benson Boone’s “Beautiful Things” is at No. 3; Teddy Swims’ “Lose Control” is at No. 4; Jack Harlow’s “Lovin on Me” is at No. 7, and rounding it out is Ariana Grande’s “We Can’t Be Friends (Wait For Your Love)” at No. 10. 
The Business of Entertainment