"My dog is not spoiled, he's just well-loved." - Unknown.
Dolce & Gabbana has introduced a new fragrance for dogs — and it probably cost more than the perfume used by its owner!
"Inspired by Domenico Dolce's unconditional love for his loyal dog Fefé, this alcohol-free scented mist for dogs blends fresh and delicate notes of Ylang Ylang, Musk, and Sandalwood. It’s a tender and embracing fragrance crafted for a playful beauty routine," Dolce & Gabbana describes the scent. 
In an over-the-top, yet adorable ad for Fefé, the luxury brand tugs at your heartstrings and wallets.
"I am delicate, authentic, charismatic, sensitive, enigmatic, rebel, fresh, irresistible, clean," the narrator says. "'Cause I’m not just a dog. I’m Fefé.'"
The fragrance for your four-legged friend contains "the cocooning and warm notes of ylang, the clean and enveloping touch of musk, and the woody, creamy undertones of sandalwood."
It will only set you back $109 (or 99 euros). 
Although the fragrance has been certified by Safe Pet Cosmetics, some veterinarians aren't here for it. 
"This is entirely for the owner’s benefit, not for the dogs," Daniel Mills, a professor of veterinary behavioral medicine at the University of Lincoln in England said, per The New York Times. 
READ MORE: 15 Beautiful Photos of The World’s Ugliest Dogs
"Dogs have a fantastic sense of smell, and changing their odor can cause significant issues," he explained. "Changing a dog’s scent can also cause other dogs to misidentify it, which could lead to aggression or social rejection."
"Overall, it’s a very bad idea," Dr. Mills added.
It is safe for your pet, and you decide what you want to do with your furry friend!
Donny Meacham is the co-host of PopCrush Nights, a syndicated radio show heard on more than 100 pop radio stations nationwide. Listen to PopCrush Nights every weeknight starting at 7PM by downloading the PopCrush App. Or listen online 24/7, here! Donny has chatted with some of today's top stars, like Olivia Rodrigo, Selena Gomez, Coldplay's Chris Martin, Meghan Trainor, Charlie Puth, Benson Boone and more!
Gallery Credit: Rob Carroll