Beabadoobee performs on day two of the Lollapalooza Music Festival on Friday, Aug. 4, 2023, at Grant Park in Chicago.Amy Harris/Invision/AP
Filipino-born English singer-songwriter Beabadoobee kicks off her “This How Tomorrow Moves Tour” this Sunday, September 8, with a sold-out show at The Met Philadelphia. 
The 14-stop tour will also include two shows at New York’s SummerStage in Central Park on Wednesday, September 11, and Thursday, September 12. Both concerts start at 6:30 p.m., with special guest Keni Titus opening.
A complete list of Beabadoobee’s tour dates is available here.
Beabadoobee has previously opened for artists like The 1975, Halsey and Taylor Swift’s blockbuster “Eras Tour.” The tour is in support of her third studio album, “This How Tomorrow Moves,” released August 9. It features the singles “Take a Bite,” “Coming Home,” “Ever Seen” and “Beaches.”
Beabadoobee’s first New York show is already sold out, but fans can still secure tickets online through secondary market platforms such as Vivid Seats, SeatGeek and StubHub.
Here’s a look at the best prices available (including fees):
Wednesday, September 11
Thursday, September 12
Prices and availability are noted at the time of publishing and are subject to change.
Can’t get enough live music? Beabadoobee isn’t the only touring artist. Check out other favorites who know how to put on an unforgettable show, including Sabrina Carpenter, Childish Gambino, Charli XCX, Benson Boone and Taylor Swift.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices