Audacy is pulling out all the stops for their Sept. 28 We Can Survive concert at Newark, NJ’s Prudential Center this year.
The annual show, which supports the radio company’s mental health initiative, “I’m Listening” and benefits the American Foundation for Suicide Prevention, has enlisted big-name headliners like Justin Timberlake, Tate McRae, New Kids On The Block, Benson Boone, and Khalid to provide the entertainment.
“Music is a driving force in so many of our lives,” said Michael Martin, Audacy’s Senior Vice President of Programming and Head of Music Initiatives. 
“Having an event like We Can Survive that features artists our fans love while supporting mental health just shows how powerful songs and lyrics can be. We look forward to welcoming all of the extraordinary artists and can’t wait to see them light up the night.”
If you want to attend the star-studded affair, last-minute tickets are still available.
At the time of publication, prices start at $95 before fees on Vivid Seats.
Floor seats can be found for as low as $215 before fees.
For more information, our team has everything you need to know about the 2024 We Can Survive concert below.
All prices listed above are subject to fluctuation.
Our team broke down of all the best ticket prices by section at Newark’s Prudential Center for ‘We Can Survive’ here:
(Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are in US dollars, subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.)
Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. 
They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event.
Still curious about Vivid Seats? You can find an article from their team about why the company is legit here.
If you’re planning on attending “We Can Survive” but aren’t familiar with all the performers, we’ve got you covered
Our team went ahead and found each act’s most-streamed song on Spotify so you’ll be able to sing along at least a little bit at the show.
Enjoy:
Justin Timberlake: “Can’t Stop The Feeling”
Tate McRae: “you broke me first”
New Kids On The Block: “Step by Step”
Benson Boone: “Beautiful Things”
Khalid: “lovely”
Isabel LaRosa: “I’m Yours”
Can’t make it to ‘We Can Survive’ this weekend?
No problem.
Here are just five shows you can check out these next few months.
• Zayn
• Mariah Carey
• Dua Lipa
• Diana Ross
• Zach Bryan
Need more options? Check out our list of the 52 biggest concert tours in 2023 here to find the show for you.
This article was written by Matt Levy, New York Post live events reporter. Levy stays up-to-date on all the latest tour announcements from your favorite musical artists and comedians, as well as Broadway openings, sporting events and more live shows – and finds great ticket prices online. Since he started his tenure at the Post in 2022, Levy has reviewed a Bruce Springsteen concert and interviewed Melissa Villaseñor of SNL fame, to name a few. Please note that deals can expire, and all prices are subject to change