The emotional ballad appears on her double album, "The Tortured Poets Department: The Anthology."

													By
												

	Mitchell Peters


Taylor Swift delivered the live debut of “The Black Dog” on night one of her Eras Tour in London.

	The 34-year-old pop superstar’s first-time performance of the emotional ballad arrived during the surprise songs portion of her concert at London’s Wembley Stadium on Friday (June 21).

	“I’ve never played this one live before,” Swift told the crowd, as seen in a fan-captured clip on X (formerly Twitter).

	Wearing a long orange dress and seated at a piano, the singer beautifully performed “The Black Dog,” which appears on her double album, The Tortured Poets Department: The Anthology. The song reached No. 25 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart in May.

	The TTPD track was mashed with “Come Back…Be Here,” from her 2012 Red album and “Maroon,” off 2022’s Midnights. Friday’s surprise songs set also featured a mashup of “Hits Different” and “Death By a Thousand Cuts.”

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	Some have speculated that “The Black Dog” is about the 1975 frontman Matty Healy, who Swift was rumored to have briefly dated in 2023. The song name-checks pop-punk band The Starting Line, which Healy’s group has covered live in recent years.

	“I just don’t understand/ How you don’t miss me in The Black Dog/ When someone plays The Starting Line/ And you jump up, but she’s too young/ To know this song that was intertwined/ In the magic fabric of our dreaming,” Swift sings on the chorus of “The Black Dog.” “Old habits die screaming.”

	The songstress’ hurt turns to anger as her words shift to, “And I hope it’s shitty in The Black Dog/ When someone plays The Starting Line/ And you jump up, but she’s too young/ To know this song that was intertwined/ In the tragic fabric of our dreaming/ ‘Cause tail between your legs, you’re leavin’.”

	During the opening night of her London stint, Swift also took some backstage selfies with Prince William, who was celebrating his 42nd birthday. “Happy Bday M8! London shows are off to a splendid start,” she wrote on Instagram alongside the photo, which included the prince’s kids and her boyfriend Travis Kelce.

	Swift’s Eras Tour is set for three shows at Wembley Stadium from June 21-23. Paramore is the special guest for all three shows, with METTE opening the kickoff concert, Griff the second show and Benson Boone the third.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.