By SONIA HORON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  03:41, 16 October 2024   |  Updated:  04:59, 16 October 2024   
 9
View  comments
Dancing With The Stars viewers were left in tears over the ballroom return of Derek Hough's wife Hayley, following her emergency brain surgery last year.
The dancing pro, 39, and his wife, 30, took the stage together as they danced to Benson Boone's 'Beautiful Things' on 'Dedication' night. 
Following the emotional performance they shared a sweet kiss, with Derek then leading the room in giving his wife vigorous applause.
Before their dance, the audience watched a heart wrenching video describing the events of the day when Hayley fell ill and everything 'came to a screeching halt in the most devastating way.'
'I was on stage, and she's supposed to come out,' Derek shared. 'The stage manager walked out and just said, "Hey, she's not coming on stage." She was on the side of the stage having full seizures and, essentially, dying. It's really hard to even put into words other than just pure fear.'
Dancing With The Stars viewers were left in tears over the ballroom return of Derek Hough's, 39, wife Hayley, 30, following her emergency brain surgery in December 2023
The dancing pro and his wife took the stage together as they danced to Benson Boone's 'Beautiful Things' on 'Dedication' night
'We rush her to the hospital, she's still in her costume, and the doctor came to me and he said that, "She has a severe brain bleed, so we have to operate right now."'
'He said that she might not make it and that even if she does make it, she won't be the same person.' 
Hough then remembered the moment when his wife woke up. 'She goes, "What happened? Weren't we just dancing?"'
'I can't even tell you, just knowing that she was there, she was in there, the relief I felt. She was Hayley. She was my wife. And then the journey began.'
He then shared that her recovery included learning how to walk again and wearing a helmet as her skull recovered.
'I was struggling. I was just so impressed by her strength. She's my beautiful miracle,' he said.
Hayley then shared that when she woke up doctors told her she might not be able to walk.
However, Hayley didn't accept that possibility, sharing that as a 'stubborn' person she 'pushed herself to the limit' to not only walk, but to also dance again.
Following the emotional performance they shared a sweet kiss, with Derek then leading the room in giving his wife vigorous applause
The dynamic pair were perfectly in sync
The couple matched in light pink outfits 
They soaked in the emotional moment
After their dance Derek and Hayley joined hosts Alfonso Ribeiro and Hough's sister, Julianne Hough, with Derek continuing to gush about his other half
'For me, this dance is just a moment for us to be together again on stage, doing what we love. The fact that were able to dance again is nothing short of a miracle'
Julianne also remembered visiting her sister-in-law at the hospital and said, 'Wow, what a difference from then and now'
Following the performance viewers took to social media writing that the dance left them in tears 
'I'm still sobbing,' one person wrote
'Derek Hough & Hayley Erbert Hough dance is one of the most powerful & most emotional dances that I have ever seen on Dancing With The Stars! She’s a walking miracle'
'omg this was such a miracle to see this live on my screen!!!! i was moved & touched. like every tear down came down from my face'
Many praised the 'beautiful and inspirational' performance 
'I'm already crying from this preview' 
Others wrote about her recovery being 'truly a miracle' 
Following the performance, viewers took to social media to praise the 'powerful' dance. 
'Love these two so much. I’m still sobbing. your performance was so beautiful and powerful. Hayley is truly a warrior and a miracle.' 
'So many tears during the introduction and such a beautiful dance! It is a miracle @derekhough and @hayleyerbert ❤️❤️ Such a special dance, so grateful for Hayley's recovery ❤️' another wrote.
'omg this was such a miracle to see this live on my screen!!!! i was moved & touched. like every tear down came down from my face.'
'@derekhough i am so grateful to god. that he gave you hayley. you together create so many magic moments together.'
'Derek Hough & Hayley Erbert Hough dance is one of the most powerful & most emotional dances that I have ever seen on Dancing With The Stars! She’s a walking miracle as she’s a fighter! She’s a survivor being told that she may never walk again & then making a full recovery! #DWTS.'
'WOW, what an absolutely beautiful & inspirational performance!! Hayley, your strength & determination are incredibly inspiring!! That was so Amazing, Thank You for sharing more of Hayley’s journey!! A true miracle indeed!!' 
After their dance Derek and Hayley joined hosts Alfonso Ribeiro and Hough's sister, Julianne Hough, with Derek continuing to gush about his other half.
Before their dance, the audience watched a heart wrenching video describing the events of the day when Hayley fell ill and everything 'came to a screeching halt in the most devastating way'
'She was on the side of the stage having full seizures and, essentially, dying. It's really hard to even put into words other than just pure fear,' Derek said of the terrifying ordeal
'The doctor came to me and he said that, "She has a severe brain bleed, so we have to operate right now." He said that she might not make it and that even if she does make it, she won't be the same person'
Hayley shared that when she woke up doctors told her she might not be able to walk. However, she didn't accept that possibility, saying that she 'pushed herself to the limit' to not only walk, but to also dance again
'For me, this dance is just a moment for us to be together again on stage, doing what we love. The fact that were able to dance again is nothing short of a miracle.' 
'You really felt the weight of how remarkable this woman is. You inspire me so much. She's incredible,' he added.
Hayley said, 'Obviously this was the most challenging thing I've been through in my entire life.'
'You never know what you're capable of until something like this, so I'm really proud of myself. I'm really proud of my body and how I came through this.' 
Julianne also remembered visiting her sister-in-law at the hospital and said, 'Wow, what a difference from then and now.' 
Hayley underwent an emergency craniectomy in December 2023.
She was rushed to the hospital after suffering a cranial hematoma while they were performing at their Symphony of Dance tour in Washington D.C.
The couple celebrated their first wedding anniversary on August 26
A cranial hematoma happens when blood accumulates, 'within the brain or between the brain and the skull,' according to Mayo Clinic.
Weeks later the Step Into... The Movies dancer underwent a cranioplasty to replace a large portion of her skull, which had been removed during the emergency procedure. 
Erbert's recovery was so successful, the couple were able to complete their 70 city Symphony of Dance tour, which ended May 19. 
Since her surgery, the couple went on to celebrate their first wedding anniversary on August 26. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group