Manage your account
Beyoncé ties-up Australia’s chart for a second week with Cowboy Carter (Columbia/Sony), while Benson Boone’s “Beautiful Things” makes its six weeks atop the national singles survey.
The top debut on the latest ARIA Albums Chart belongs to U.S. rapper J.Cole, as his surprise-release mixtape Might Delete Later (Interscope/Universal) bows at No. 2. It’s the followup to 2021’s The Off-Season, which peaked No. 3, and 2018’s KOD, which went to No. 1 on the ARIA Chart.
More from Billboard
Maggie Rogers Reminds Us to 'Don't Forget Me': Stream It Now
Ex-Little Mix Singer Perrie Edwards Starts Solo Career With 'Forget About Us'
Jon Bon Jovi Talks Bruce Springsteen, Early 'Star Wars' Recording and New Music
The podium is completed by Ariana Grande’s former leader Eternal Sunshine (Universal), down 2-3 in its fifth week on the survey.
Beloved Australian singer and songwriter Missy Higgins returns to the top 10 with her debut The Sound Of White (Eleven: A Music Company/Universal), boosted by the release of a 20th anniversary edition.
Originally issued in 2004, The Sound Of White reigned over the chart for seven non-consecutive weeks and went on to win album of the year at the 2005 ARIA Awards. Her next two LPs, 2007’s On A Clear Night and 2012’s The Ol’ Razzle Dazzle, also reached the chart zenith.
The Sound Of White returns at No. 6 on the ARIA Albums Chart, published Friday, April 12, ahead of the release this September of a new album, The Second Act, which she has described as a “kind of sequel” to her debut.
Also making an impact on the latest chart is American singer and songwriter Conan Gray’s Found Heaven (Universal) at No. 10; U.S. retro psychedelic-lounge trio Khruangbin’s A La Sala (Dead Oceans/RKT), new at No. 14; and Melbourne metalcore group Alpha Wolf’s Half Living Things (CVA/Sony), which opens its account at No. 19.
Over on the ARIA Singles Chart, Benson Boone’s “Beautiful Things” (Warner Records) locks up top spot again, while the collection from which it is lifted, Fireworks & Rollerblades, arrives at No. 17 on the albums survey. Also, new release “Slow It Down” speeds 35-24 on the ARIA Singles Chart. Boone will visit Australia and New Zealand this September for a brief tour, produced by Frontier Touring, in support of his debut set.
Meanwhile, Irish singer and songwriter Hozier‘s “Too Sweet” (Columbia/Sony) improves 8-2, matching the peak of his signature song “Take Me To Church,” from 2013.
Finally, British-Cypriot producer Artemas is on the rise, as his U.K. hit “I Like The Way You Kiss Me” (10K/ADA) lifts 7-3 on the ARIA Chart, while his previous single “If U Think I’m Pretty” gains 64-37.
Best of Billboard
Four Decades of 'Madonna': A Look Back at the Queen of Pop's Debut Album on the Charts
Chart Rewind: In 1990, Madonna Was in 'Vogue' Atop the Hot 100
Janet Jackson's Biggest Billboard Hot 100 Hits