"I just remember laying on the hospital floor and just begging — I was like, 'Please, please don't go,'" Hough recalled on the show's latest episode.
Emlyn Travis is a news writer at Entertainment Weekly with over five years of experience covering the latest in entertainment. A proud Kingston University alum, Emlyn has written about music, fandom, film, television, and awards for multiple outlets including MTV News, Teen Vogue, Bustle, BuzzFeed, Paper Magazine, Dazed, and NME. She joined EW in August 2022.
 Derek Hough and Hayley Erbert moved the judges and the audience to tears with their powerful Dedication Night dance on Dancing With the Stars last night. 

 The couple, who married in August 2023, received a standing ovation after they performed on the series for the first time since Erbert underwent an emergency craniectomy last December. 

 Hough and Erbert embodied the powerful lyrics to Benson Boone's single "Beautiful Things," spinning and attempting to cling onto one another, only to drift farther apart. The pair seemed overwhelmed with emotion after their performance, sharing a quick kiss before Hough stepped back to let Erbert bask in a shower of applause. 

 Sign up for Entertainment Weekly's free daily newsletter to get breaking TV news, exclusive first looks, recaps, reviews, interviews with your favorite stars, and more.

Disney/Eric McCandless
 In a clip before their dance, Hough recalled being in the middle of a performance when he learned that Erbert had suffered a medical emergency. "I was on stage, and she's supposed to come out and the stage manager walked out and just said, 'Hey, she's not coming on stage,'" he said. "She was on the side of the stage having full seizures and essentially dying. It's really hard to even put into words other than just pure fear.”

 Hough explained that the doctors later told him that Erbert had a "severe brain bleed" and that they needed to operate immediately. "He said that she might not make it and that even if she does make it, she won't be the same person," he recalled, becoming visibly emotional. "And just told me that you basically lost the person that you knew." 

 He continued, "I just remember laying on the hospital floor and just begging — I was like, 'Please, please don't go.'" 

 The DWTS judge said Erbert was "unrecognizable" when he finally visited her after she'd completed her surgery, but that she was still herself. 

 "She was Hayley. She was my wife. And then the journey began," he recalled. "Learning to walk again, building her strength back up, not having a skull for a couple weeks. It was hard. I was struggling. But every time I walked in that room, Hayley had a smile on her face. I was so impressed by her strength. She is my beautiful miracle."

 Erbert then joined her husband in the video, which showed moments during her recovery as well as the scar that runs across her skull. 

 "When I woke up in the hospital, they did tell me, 'We don't know if you'll be able to walk again,' but I'd like to say I'm a very stubborn person, and so I was determined to push myself to the limit to be able to dance again," she said. "To say it was easy to get there would be a complete lie. I'll be forever grateful to everybody that supported me through this. It's why I'm here today."

 "The fact that we're able to dance together again is nothing short of a miracle, and I'm beyond thankful," Hough added. "I'm so thankful."

 Watch Hough and Erbert reunite on the DWTS stage in the clip above. 

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)