Searching for your content...

                        In-Language News
                    

Contact Us


 888-776-0942

from 8 AM - 10 PM ET

Aug 10, 2024, 01:58 ET
Share this article
Exclusive First Looks from Highly Anticipated Releases, Major Casting and Title Announcements, and Star-Studded Performances Electrify Sold-Out Arena 
Earlier at the Anaheim Convention Center, Guests were Dazzled by Panels, Presentations and Immersive Experiences from Across the Worlds of Disney
For event b-roll, trailers & sneak peeks, visit EPK.tv. For images, logos, posters, concept art and project profiles, please visit WDS-D23 and D23Press.com.
BURBANK, Calif., Aug. 10, 2024 /PRNewswire/ -- The world-class storytelling engines of The Walt Disney Company took center stage at the Honda Center during the Disney Entertainment Showcase at D23: The Ultimate Disney Fan Event presented by Visa®. Surprise celebrity appearances, new film and series titles, and major musical performances enthralled the audience of Disney fans from around the world, demonstrating the unmatched strength of the company's creative studios, as well as the unique connection that generations of passionate fans of all ages have forged with its stories and characters over the past century.

Walt Disney Company Chief Executive Officer Bob Iger kicked off the evening to thank fans for their enduring passion, and to highlight what sets Disney apart as a global leader in creative storytelling and innovation. "Our deep bond with fans, forged over a century of storytelling, is stronger today than ever before," he said, "driven by the unmatched strength of our creative studios, the wide appeal of our brands and franchises, and the innovative ways that we bring our stories to life in our theme parks and experiences."

Walt Disney Company Chief Executive Officer Bob Iger kicked off the evening to thank fans for their enduring passion, and to highlight what sets Disney apart as a global leader in creative storytelling and innovation. "Our deep bond with fans, forged over a century of storytelling, is stronger today than ever before," he said, "driven by the unmatched strength of our creative studios, the wide appeal of our brands and franchises, and the innovative ways that we bring our stories to life in our theme parks and experiences."
Hosted by Yvette Nicole Brown, the event featured a number of Disney's outstanding creative leaders, including Disney Entertainment Co-Chairman Alan Bergman, Pixar Animation Studios' Chief Creative Officer Pete Docter, Disney Animation's Chief Creative Officer Jennifer Lee, and Marvel Studios' President and producer Kevin Feige were on stage to introduce the stars and storytellers behind new and beloved titles.
Major Moments & Announcements from Tonight's ShowcaseThe Walt Disney Studios had a lot to celebrate—and a lot to look forward to.
WALT DISNEY ANIMATION STUDIOS welcomes back to the big screen fan-favorite characters in a trio of all-new feature films coming to theaters beginning this fall.
AVATAR continues to enchant and excite global audiences, and franchise creator James Cameron was on site to share details about the next chapter. 
PIXAR ANIMATION STUDIOS' Pete Docter invited fans inside his own mind where his Emotions were both grateful—"Inside Out 2" recently became the number-one animated film of all time—and excited about what's next from the studio.
DISNEY ON BROADWAY celebrated its 30th anniversary with a thrilling medley of performances and exclusive announcements from its hit stage musicals. Highlights included "The Lion King," "Aladdin" and "Hercules," which will open in London's West End in summer 2025. The event also featured news about "The Greatest Showman," currently in development for a stage musical adaptation, and "Frozen," which was filmed on stage and will premiere on Disney+ in 2025. Samantha Barks, who will star as Elsa, dazzled the audience with a powerful rendition of "Let It Go." 
The stage adaptation of "The Greatest Showman," featuring the Academy Award®-nominated songs of Benj Pasek and Justin Paul, will announce production timetable, creative team and cast at a later date.
LUCASFILM's upcoming theatrical and streaming titles continue the studio's penchant for adventure that's out of this world.
MARVEL STUDIOS' Kevin Feige joined fans inside the Honda Center, offering appreciation and excitement for the phenomenal success of Marvel Studios' recent release, "Deadpool & Wolverine."
DISNEY ENTERTAINMENT TELEVISION'S Disney+ Original series "Percy Jackson and the Olympians" series co-creator Rick Riordan and stars Walker Scobell (Percy Jackson), Leah Sava Jeffries (Annabeth Chase) and Aryan Simhadri (Grover Underwood) revealed an exclusive start of production tease from the upcoming second season. From Disney Branded Television and 20th Television, production on the epic adventure series is currently underway in Vancouver for a 2025 debut on Disney+. Season two is based on "The Sea of Monsters," the second installment of Disney Hyperion's best-selling "Percy Jackson" book series by acclaimed author Rick Riordan.
Click here to view the new "Percy Jackson and the Olympians" video tease as well as here to download the new season two poster. Please visit the press site here for more information on the series and include social tags @PercySeries, @DisneyPlus.
Disney Branded Television, Disney Concerts, Disney Music Group, and AEG jointly announced that the stars of mega-hit franchises "Descendants" and "Zombies" will be hitting the road together for the "Descendants/Zombies: Worlds Collide Tour" in summer 2025. "Descendants: The Rise of Red" star Rita Ora introduced a medley performance of hit songs from the latest film, followed by an announcement of the tour news. The arena tour will be an immersive and interactive live concert experience celebrating the high-energy music from both franchises and will be held in arenas across the country. "Descendants: The Rise of Red" stars Kylie Cantrall, Malia Baker, Dara Reneé, and Ruby Rose Turner, as well as "Zombies 4: Dawn of the Vampires" stars Freya Skye and Malachi Barton are already confirmed for the tour, with more to be announced soon. Tickets will go on sale this November. For more details, please visit www.descendantszombiestour.com.
National Geographic revealed a first look at upcoming series, "David Blaine: Do Not Attempt," coming 2025 on National Geographic and Disney+.
DISNEY LIVE ACTION is looking forward to a host of all-new, big-screen adventures that promise to thrill audiences around the world, judging from the audience reaction at the D23 showcase.
Highlights from Earlier Today
TOMORROW, Disney's biggest fans will experience more of the immersive and expansive event packed with specially curated shows, panels, presentations, and conversations with storytellers, creators, and talent—offering insider access and unique experiences that only Disney can deliver. In the evening back at the Honda Center, guests can look forward to an exclusive look at the groundbreaking innovations to come around the world during the Disney Experiences showcase.
To follow along with announcements from the weekend, follow DisneyD23 on X, Facebook, Instagram, TikTok, and YouTube, and use the hashtag #D23.
About D23: The Ultimate Disney Fan Event Presented by VisaD23: The Ultimate Disney Fan Event presented by Visa is a one-of-a-kind, multi-day fan experience showcasing the very best in creative storytelling and innovation from across the worlds of Disney. D23 in 2024 has been reimagined to be more expansive and more immersive than ever before, with three packed days of showcases with stars and storytellers, sneak peeks and behind-the-scenes moments, thrilling performances, shopping, surprises, and more. For the latest news on D23: The Ultimate Disney Fan Event, visit ultimatefanevent.d23.com. Presentations, talent, and schedules are subject to change. Join the D23 conversation online by following DisneyD23 on X, Facebook, Instagram, TikTok, and YouTube, and use the hashtag #D23.
About D23The name "D23" pays homage to the exciting journey that began in 1923 when Walt Disney opened his first studio in Hollywood. D23 is the first official club for fans in Disney's over 100-year history. It gives its members a greater connection to the entire world of Disney by placing them in the middle of the magic year-round through special experiences; member-exclusive offers and discounts; its quarterly publication, Disney twenty-three; and the latest news and stories on D23.com.
Fans can join D23 at Gold Membership ($99.99/year), Gold Duo Membership ($129.99/year), and General Membership (complimentary) levels at D23.com. To keep up with all the latest D23 news and events, follow DisneyD23 on TikTok, Instagram, Facebook, X, and YouTube.
Media Contacts:The Walt Disney CompanyBruce Lam[email protected]
Walt Disney Studios Global PublicityDerek Del Rossi[email protected]
Disney Theatrical GroupMichael A. Cohen[email protected]
Disney Entertainment Television Nicole A. Balgemino[email protected]
SOURCE The Walt Disney Company
Disney is using the power of its timeless original storytelling to inspire joy and wonder this holiday season, with an all-new short in collaboration ...
Get ready to drop the needle on your favorite Disney tunes as the highly anticipated splatter print vinyl edition of the chart-topping A Whole New...
Entertainment
Film and Motion Picture
Music
Television
Do not sell or share my personal information: