BOSTON (WHDH) - Fans filled Boston’s City Hall Plaza ahead of the Celtics’ home opener Tuesday, for a fan rally including appearances by Shaboozey, Shaquille O’Neal, and Charles Barkley.
The NBA on TNT American Express Road Show kicked off on the plaza at 4:30 p.m., three hours before the Celtics take on the New York Knicks at TD Garden.
The fan rally will feature performances by Shaboozey and Benson Boone, as well as live game coverage and commentary by Ernie Johnson, Kenny Smith, O’Neal, and Barkley.
“Boston’s legendary with sports fans. The whole nation knows that — from the Red Sox, to the Celtics, to the Bruins, the Patriots — you guys have been very lucky to win a lot of championships. I’m sure many cities are jealous. And we wanted to be here and celebrate that and pick up on that energy of Boston,” said Andre Plaisance, with TNT Sports.
Locals can watch the 7:30 p.m. Celtics game on the big screen at City Hall. The defending NBA champions will also receive their championship rings and raise Banner 18 to the rafters at 7 p.m.
Fans say it will be a special moment to witness.
“I got an email and it said, ‘Celtics tickets now on sale,’ and I said, ‘Lori, let’s go,'” said Celtics fan Jonathan Gasser.
Some flew in from across the country to watch the team get honored and play their first home game of the season.
“I’m all the way from Houston, Texas. I came here just for this game because I couldn’t be at the parade, but I get to see my boys with this jacket on,” said Cornel Sims, holding a Celtics championship jacket.
In addition to a watch party and performances on the plaza, there were games and giveaways for fans to enjoy.
Sporting a green beard, Chris Breen excitedly waited outside TD Garden Tuesday afternoon ahead of the game.
“I just flew in from Toronto, so it makes it even more surreal that I’m actually here, and to see it all and the signs, and seeing people wearing the same color. It’s great,” Breen said.
(Copyright (c) 2024 Sunbeam Television. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.)
WHDH TV 7NEWS WLVI TV CW56
			Sunbeam Television Corp
			7 Bulfinch Place
			Boston, MA 02114
			News Tips: (800) 280-TIPS
			Tell Hank: (855) 247-HANK
Join us
All content © Copyright 2000 - 2025 WHDH-TV. WHDH broadcast educational and informational programming for children, and file quarterly reports with the FCC detailing the station's outreach to children. The public may view the reports by going to WHDH.com and clicking on "FCC Public File", or by visiting the FCC's website at FCC.org. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service.