Off-White - Front Row & Backstage - September 2024 New York Fashion Week
NEW YORK, NEW YORK - SEPTEMBER 08: Zayn Malik attends the Off-White fashion show during the September 2024 New York Fashion Week on September 08, 2024 in New York City.Michael Loccisano/Getty Images
Zayn Malik is hitting the road for the first time as a solo artist nearly a decade after his departure from the hit boy band One Direction. The announcement came unexpectedly during a surprise appearance on “The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon” last night.
During the segment, Zayn crashed Fallon’s monologue by handing him a note that read, “Hey Jimmy, great to see you, mate. I’m going on my first-ever solo tour this autumn! So maybe when you’re done picking apples with your buds, you can come check out my ‘Stairway to the Sky Tour’ across the U.S. and U.K.”
This intimate 11-city tour marks Zayn’s first major concert series since his solo debut in 2016. It’ll kick off on October 23 in San Francisco and make its way across the U.S. and U.K., including a show at New York City’s Hammerstein Ballroom on November 2.
The North American leg will also include stops in cities like Las Vegas and Washington, D.C., before Zayn heads to the U.K. for additional performances starting November 20 in Edinburgh.
“Appreciate your patience, love, and support. Can’t wait to enjoy great music together. This time I really mean soon see you in 35 days….” the singer wrote on Instagram announcing the tour.
Presale for Zayn’s “Stairway to the Sky Tour” begins on September 19, at 9 a.m. local, followed by a general public sale on September 21 at 11 a.m. local through Ticketmaster.
Fans can avoid the on-sale frenzy by securing their tickets on secondary market platforms such as Vivid Seats, SeatGeek and StubHub, which offer verified tickets with a buyer’s guarantee.
A complete list of Zayn’s “Stairway to the Sky Tour” dates is available here.
Zayn’s recent album, “Room Under the Stairs,” debuted on May 17 and features a mix of introspective tracks that showcase his growth as an artist. It reached number three on the U.K. Albums Chart and number 15 on the U.S. Billboard 200. The album is best known for its three hit singles: “What I Am,” “Alienated” and “Stardust.”
Can’t get enough live music? Zayn isn’t the only touring artist. Check out other favorites who know how to put on an unforgettable show, including Dua Lipa, Charli XCX, Kacey Musgraves, Benson Boone and Taylor Swift.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices