Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
As the world's press assembled alongside hundreds of VIPs, music fans and music icons for the MTV EMAs at Co-op Live arena on Sunday night, it was the familiar, throbbing bassline of Blue Monday by New Order punctuating the night. The stage was set, in the unmistakable black and yellow stripes synonymous with the Hacienda, Manchester's famous nightclub of the 80s and 90s.
For those who know their Manchester music and cultural history - so yep, that's all Mancs - the references were clear. This was MTV's way of celebrating their chosen host city, and showcasing Manchester to the watching world.
The fact that symbols of the Hacienda were so striking on stage, was not welcomed by all though. As soon as I shared some of the pictures of the MTV stage onto my X account noting the "Hacienda vibes", the gripes soon started rolling in.
READ MORE: Inside the MTV EMAs after-party with Manchester rave, Hacienda DJ and Greggs' sausage rolls
One follower shared the image and said: "Perhaps someone should tell the rest of the world the Hacienda shut in 1997 and got replaced by a block of flats like so many other things in Manchester" Another added: "We do things differently. Again and again and again and…"
The huge MTV event rolled into Manchester at the weekend almost a year to the day of another quite extraordinary, multi-million pound takeover of the city by designer fashion brand Chanel. On that occasion, the Hacienda once again loomed large, with the music of Factory Records' icons playing out as models took over the cobbles of the Northern Quarter for their rain-soaked catwalk.
The music, and the branding, is not the only thing these two events had in common. They both chose Manchester to showcase their prestigious annual events that attract the eyes of the world upon them.
They both brought vast investment in their wake - not least the hundreds of extra hotel rooms booked out, the bars, restaurants and clubs taken over to host lavish events and after-parties for corporate bigwigs and VIP guests. Not to mention the costs of putting on the main events and the staggering productions and crews that involved. 
Chanel's Metiers D'art takeover is said to have brought in £20m to the city, with millions more soon to be announced to have been the impact of the MTV event.
Quite aside from the money though, these are occasions that point to Manchester as a cultural destination in its own right. They put us very firmly on the world map.
The way these brands present Manchester to the watching world may make some in the city cringe with those nods to the past. 
But I'm afraid whether Mancs like it or not, the rest of the world is happy to view us through a hazy yellow-and-black striped lens. It's their version of rose-tinted bliss, for those post-industrial Hac stripes mark out Manchester as a very cool place indeed.
And let's be honest, that MTV EMAs stage DID look pretty cool - the staging was probably one of the best I think I've ever seen for any live show in an arena setting here in Manchester or indeed the world. 
Nostalgia is only a problem if you remain stuck in the past. And Manchester is very clearly not a city stuck in the past.
It's a city that's just spent £240m on a new arts venue (the Aviva Studios that also hosted the MTV after-party). It's a city where private investors have spent some £450m creating Europe's biggest indoor music venue (in the form of Co-op Live, host of the MTV awards).
Whatever your thoughts on either of these venues, there is no mistaking their ambition, and the aims of those behind them of making Manchester an even bigger player on the world cultural scene. Other cities can only dream of this type of investment, and the REAL impact it can have on the people who live here.
The MTV show itself was so slick, that I watched on agog as an army of production crew effortlessly switched between different stages at lightning speed - delivering bursts of flames, confetti bombs, even a flying piano to open the show with the incredible Benson Boone. 
It morphed into something like a classic Hollywood movie set for the arrival of Raye, on into a futuristic light ship for the finale with the Pet Shop Boys. 
Isn't it actually a great thing that in among the celebration of all that is new and exciting in world music on that MTV stage, the producers were able to merge it so effortlessly with the music, and the moments, that helped Manchester stamp its mark decades before? That something created in this city continues to resonate and touch the lives of millions of people around the world?
If you ask me this city has earned those black and yellow stripes, and by god we might as well get our use out of them. On that MTV stage, they've never looked so good.