Manage your account
Sabrina Carpenter’s “Please Please Please” spends a second week at No. 1 on the Billboard Global 200, while her “Espresso” rebounds to No. 1 for a sixth week atop the Billboard Global Excl. U.S. chart.
Carpenter becomes the first artist to rule the Global 200 and Global Excl. U.S. simultaneously with different songs and no billed collaborators. One other act, Peso Pluma, has led the lists with different songs at the same time, via a pair of co-billed hits: For a week in June 2023, “Ella Baila Sola,” with Eslabon Armado, topped the Global 200 as “Bzrp Music Sessions, Vol. 55,” with Bizarrap, ruled Global Excl. U.S.
More from Billboard
Post Malone & Morgan Wallen’s ‘I Had Some Help’ Rebounds for Sixth Week Atop Hot 100, Now 2024’s Longest-Running No. 1
Gracie Abrams Celebrates Career Milestone with First-Ever No. 1 on U.K. Albums Chart
Carly Pearce, Chris Stapleton & Cody Johnson Add Country Airplay Top 10s, Morgan Wallen Takes Top Two
The Global 200 and Global Excl. U.S. charts, which began in September 2020, rank songs based on streaming and sales activity culled from more than 200 territories around the world, as compiled by Luminate. The Global 200 is inclusive of worldwide data and the Global Excl. U.S. chart comprises data from territories excluding the United States.
Chart ranks are based on a weighted formula incorporating official-only streams on both subscription and ad-supported tiers of audio and video music services, as well as download sales, the latter of which reflect purchases from full-service digital music retailers from around the world, with sales from direct-to-consumer (D2C) sites excluded from the charts’ calculations.
“Please Please Please” logs a second week atop the Global 200, two weeks after it debuted at No. 2, with 100.3 million streams (down 16%) and 8,000 sold (down 10%) worldwide June 21-27.
The song is the first to notch three weeks of at least 100 million global streams in 2024, as its latest frame follows its 119.2 million the week before and 104.6 million in its debut week. (Four songs boast multiple weeks of 100 million or more streams in a single week this year, with Carpenter the only act to claim two such titles, as “Espresso” earned the honor over the two previous weeks. Tommy Richman’s “Million Dollar Baby” in May-June and Kendrick Lamar’s “Not Like Us” in June also reached the threshold for two weeks each.)
“Espresso” keeps at No. 2 on the Global 200, two weeks after it led the list – as Carpenter becomes the first artist to hold the chart’s top two spots for three consecutive weeks. (She surpasses Peso Pluma, who earned the honor for two weeks in a row in June 2023.)
Meanwhile, Shaboozey’s “A Bar Song (Tipsy)” rises 4-3 for a new Global 200 high; Lamar’s “Not Like Us” soars 11-4, after it led in its debut week in May, up 35% to 78.1 million streams worldwide, sparked by his Juneteenth The Pop Out: Ken & Friends concert – in which he performed the track five times; and Billie Eilish’s “Birds of a Feather” dips to No. 5 from its No. 3 best.
On Global Excl. U.S., “Espresso” reheats 2-1 for a sixth week at the summit, with 68.4 million streams (down 1%) and 4,000 sold (up 3%) outside the U.S. June 21-27.
“Please Please Please” falls to No. 2 after a week atop Global Excl. U.S. – as Carpenter becomes the first artist to claim the chart’s top two spots simultaneously for two consecutive weeks. (Among all acts, Jung Kook ranked in the top two for two weeks in 2023, although not in back-to-back weeks.)
Carpenter also becomes the first act to place at Nos. 1 and 2 on both the Global 200 and Global Excl. U.S. concurrently for two weeks.
The rest of the Global Excl. U.S. chart’s top five holds in place: Billie Eilish’s “Birds of a Feather,” at its No. 3 high; FloyyMenor and Cris Mj’s “Gata Only,” at No. 4 after reaching No. 3; and Benson Boone’s “Beautiful Things,” at No. 5 following eight weeks at No. 1 beginning in February.
The Billboard Global 200 and Billboard Global Excl. U.S. charts (dated July 6, 2024) will update on Billboard.com tomorrow, July 2. For both charts, the top 100 titles are available to all readers on Billboard.com, while the complete 200-title rankings are visible on Billboard Pro, Billboard’s subscription-based service. For all chart news, you can follow @billboard and @billboardcharts on both X, formerly known as Twitter, and Instagram.
Luminate, the independent data provider to the Billboard charts, completes a thorough review of all data submissions used in compiling the weekly chart rankings. Luminate reviews and authenticates data. In partnership with Billboard, data deemed suspicious or unverifiable is removed, using established criteria, before final chart calculations are made and published.
Best of Billboard
Four Decades of 'Madonna': A Look Back at the Queen of Pop's Debut Album on the Charts
Chart Rewind: In 1990, Madonna Was in 'Vogue' Atop the Hot 100
Janet Jackson's Biggest Billboard Hot 100 Hits