Fans of Strictly Come Dancing were branding the judges' comments for one couple 'harsh'. The BBC One dance contest's live shows were back with a bang on Saturday night (September 21).
After the pre-recorded launch show last weekend, week one of the 2024 series saw all 15 new couples perform for the first time before receiving their critiques and scores from the judges - Craig Revel Horwood, Motsi Mabuse, Shirley Ballas and Anton Du Beke.
But first, Strictly's 20th anniversary year kicked off with a routine from the professional dancers, who dressed in colourful outfits and danced an array of flamenco, cha cha, paso doble and salsa moves to a medley of songs.
READ MORE: BBC Strictly Come Dancing viewers spot 'controversial' audience member as Zara McDermott returns
Among the couples performing were EastEnders star Jamie Borthwick and his professional dance partner Michelle Tsiakkas, who has been given a celebrity dance partner for the first time since she joined in 2022.
The pair wowed with a stunning routine of a Viennese Waltz to Benson Boone's Beautiful Things which scored them 23 points from the judges and left them in the middle of leaderboard ahead of week two, which will see the first elimination of the series take place.
Head judge Shirley told the soap star, famed for playing Jay Brown in BBC's EastEnders: "As you were spinning away you looked a little disjointed and imbalanced," while told him that he loved his energy but he said he was 'a bit jagged throughout'.
But Strictly fans think the judges were a little harsh on Jamie, who only won the Strictly Christmas special at the end of last year alongside Nancy Xu.
@atvfriend said: "Absolute [rubbish emoji] from the judges, talk about knocking a guy down, Jamie you are brilliant. Please listen to Michelle The judges are so random about some to others!! Go Jamie listen to Craig #StrictlyComeDancing #Strictly." @koocentre commented: "They’re being so harsh on jamie compared to the ones who were actually bad??? like sure it wasn’t the best but there’s been much worse tonight #strictly."
@fifisyms wrote: "Very tough on Jamie who’s clearly going to go far. #strictly." @TashAmaka posted: "Judges have killed Jamie’s dreams in seconds #Strictly #StrictlyComeDancing #SCD." @Motheroffloofs shared: "Are the judges watching the same dance as us? Jamie Borthwick was brilliant #StrictlyComeDancing @bbcstrictly #strictly." @Kendal_ added: "Really thrilled that Michelle has a partner this year and Jamie has so much potential. Judges are being incredibly harsh for week 1. #Strictly."
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.