Strictly Come Dancing's Jamie Borthwick had a bit of cheeky banter with his dance partner Michelle Tsiakkas in a secret exchange on the dance floor during the first live show. The EastEnders actor, who previously won the Strictly Christmas special last year, took to the dance floor with Michelle on Saturday night and teased her with a brief yet playful quip.
They performed a Viennese Waltz to Benson Boone's "Beautiful Things" which saw them land in the middle of the leader board with 23 points after the first round. Looking ahead to their second routine, Jamie and Michelle joined host Fleur East on the Strictly companion programme It Takes Two.
Fleur couldn't wait to delve into Jamie's humorous observation about Michelle smelling like garlic during their debut performance. This light-hearted moment was captured by the discreet microphones that pick up the contestants' chatter, both on the dance floor and behind the scenes often revealing what the celebrities genuinely say during the shows.
Read more Strictly winner Hamza Yassin shares secret ritual and says 'it was my go to'
As Fleur geared up for the reveal: "Here at It Takes Two we like to eavesdrop on your mic, I'm sorry we like to introduce." Michelle anticipated the playback with a nervous: "Oh gosh."
Amidst their elegant routine, Jamie's voice was heard remarking: "You smell of garlic" much to the amusement of everyone listening. Fleur couldn't resist asking: "what was going on? ", prompting Michelle to explain: "In the most romantic moment of the dance, he decides to tell me I smell like garlic."
Jamie revealed: "Well we've had this thing during the week at rehearsal, it was an inside joke where we were eating garlic bread and stuff like that and we've been burping in each other's faces all week." Michelle responded with a playful threat: "I'm going to get him back".
In a different part of the interview, Jamie reflected on how competing in the show's Christmas special felt different from taking part in its main series. He said: "To be honest it's nothing like it because me and Nancy had a bit of a jolly for a week and a half. We worked hard on our routine but we knew it was light-hearted and just something for Christmas.
"It was just different but now I've been humbled by Strictly, this has been a real experience, especially this week because we've had a week and with all the other stuff we have to do the VT's and I've had a filming day this week - it's all go."
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.