It’s the end of an era.
Twenty-one months after opening at Arizona’s State Farm Stadium, Taylor Swift will bring her historic Eras Tour to a close this weekend at BC Place stadium in Vancouver, Canada.
Changing the concert business — and changing the culture period — the blockbuster trek will go down as the highest-grossing tour of all time, becoming the first to haul in over $1 billion.
“From attendance to size, it just kind of captured the imagination of the world for two years,” said Dave Brooks, Billboard senior director of live music and touring. “There’s really nothing [like it] that we’ve ever seen before.”
In fact, Brooks credits the Eras Tour with helping to “restart the economy” after the pandemic.
“It had a huge impact — from hotels to transportation to restaurants,” he said. “It really kick-started spending.”
And because of her boost to the live-music industry, Brooks said, “People are going to be looking to experience concerts at all levels.”
Here are the notable numbers that sum up Swift’s historic tour:
There have been 10 different acts in the Eras Tour show, representing each album in her career — except for her self-titled 2006 debut. 
After “The Tortured Poets Department” was released in April, Swift combined the “Folklore” and “Evermore” sections to make way for the new LP.
Rocking everything from Atelier Versace and Roberto Cavalli to Oscar de la Renta, the “Blank Space” hitmaker made 16 costume changes in a nonstop fashion flurry during each show. 
When the tour reopened in Paris in May after a two-month break, she updated her designer duds.
The number of lucky opening acts for Swift on the tour — from Paramore, Gracie Abrams and Phoebe Bridgers to Sabrina Carpenter, Haim and Benson Boone. 
But there were also special guests — such as her producer Jack Antonoff, “Karma” remix collaborator Ice Spice.
And, of course, a certain NFL star — boyfriend Travis Kelce.
Although it varied slightly, the standard set list included a whopping 44 songs over three and a half hours.
Swift took her Eras Tour to 51 cities over five different continents before wrapping up her worldwide trek this weekend in Vancouver.
When all is said and sung on Sunday night, Swift will have played 152 shows on her Eras Tour.
Playing at least two surprise songs per night, Swift has racked that total up to 293 heading into her final weekend, with six more likely to come.
According to Vivid Seats ticket marketplace, Swifties have traveled an average of 338 miles to see their queen.
Last summer, Swift gave $100,000 bonuses to her Eras Tour truck drivers, while also spreading the wealth to a total of $55 million with other production personnel.
Pollstar estimated that Swift sold 4.35 million tickets over 60 shows last year.
With the additional 92 dates, that would add up to an insane 11.02 million when the tour is over.
After “Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour” opened in theaters in October 2023, it raked in $267.1 million at the box office, making it the highest-grossing concert film of all time.
With Pollstar estimating that Eras Tour attendees spent an average of $40 each on merch at the concert, that adds a cool $440.8 million to Swift’s haul.
Pollstar estimated that Swift pocketed $17.32 million for each of the first 60 Eras Tour shows last year.
So, if that math tracks, it would be a ginormous $2.633 billion over the course of 152 concerts.
And just to put that into perspective, the second-highest-grossing tour of all time, Elton John’s Farewell Yellow Brick Road Tour, took in $939 million over 328 shows.
Advertisement