Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Missy Elliott, Charli XCX, Megan Thee Stallion & more are also on the lineup.

							By 

	Hannah Dailey, Billboard


Coachella Valley is about to see an influx of Little Monsters roaming the grounds this spring, with Lady Gaga joining the festival’s 2025 lineup alongside co-headliners Green Day, Post Malone and Travis Scott. The billing — which was unveiled in full Wednesday (Nov. 20) — lists Scott’s name unattached to a date alongside the phrase “designs the desert.”

	On his Instagram, Scott called his upcoming headlining performance the “first of its kind,” and according to a press release from his team, he’ll play the main stage on Saturday night.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	News
			



	
		
					Lorde Is "So Grateful" for Charli XCX's 'Brat' and "Girl, So Confusing" Remix: "It Gave Me a Kick" of Inspiration for New Album 		
			














	
	News
			



	
		
					Kneecap Concerts Canceled In Germany Following Anti-Israel Statements at Coachella		
			








	This year’s two-weekend festival will run April 11-13 and 18-20, with Missy Elliott, Benson Boone, LISA, FKA Twigs, GloRilla, Tyla, Artemas and more performing on both Fridays ahead of the “Rain on Me” singer’s night-closing performances. The Saturday lineups will be led by the “American Idiot” rock band and also feature Charli XCX, Anitta, Clairo, ENHYPEN, Jimmy Eat World, T-Pain and more. Of Green Day’s upcoming foray into the desert, Billie Joe Armstrong tells Billboard, “Death, taxes and… rock n roll. In this world gone sideways we know one thing for certain – rock n roll is forever, and its spirit is needed now more than ever. So bring your rage, your hope, and your loudest voice. Coachella, let’s have the time of our lives.”

	With Posty leading the Sunday shows, Megan Thee Stallion, Zedd, JENNIE of BLACKPINK, Beabadoobee, Ty Dolla $ign, Rema, Shaboozey and more will perform on the final days of both weekends. The “Psycho” musician previously let slip that he’d be on the lineup by including a pair of shows conspicuously slated for April 13 and 20 in Indio, Calif. on his list of Big Ass Stadium Tour stops, which were unveiled Tuesday (Nov. 19).

	Tickets for the festival will go on presale at 11 a.m. PT Friday (Nov. 22), with attendees of the 2023 and 2024 festivals getting early access starting 11 a.m. PT the day prior. Interested music lovers can register for the presale now on Coachella’s website.

	See the full Coachella lineup below.
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.