By 

	William Earl


Yoshiki will be presented with Variety‘s 2024 International Achievement in Music honor. The presentation will take place at the eighth annual Hitmakers celebration on Dec. 7 in Los Angeles, presented by AFEELA.

	In the March 27, 2024 issue of Variety, Yoshiki was honored as Variety‘s 2024 International Achievement in Music honor, celebrating his prolific career as an artist, humanitarian, and philanthropist. Yoshiki is the first musical artist from Asia to receive this accolade, and joins the prestigious list of previous recipients including Andrea Bocelli, Michael Bublé and Bad Bunny.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					How the ‘Sinners’ Financing Model Offers Salvation for All Producers 		
			














	
		
					Netflix To Debut First-Look at ‘Stranger Things: Tales From ’85,’ ‘In Your Dreams’ at Annecy, World-Premiere ‘Fixed’		
			








	“Yoshiki’s decades of artistic excellence include genre-spanning music collaborations, documentary filmmaking and groundbreaking fashion endeavors. He has also consistently provided critical leadership in the cause of hugely impactful philanthropic efforts,” said Variety’s executive vice president of content Steven Gaydos. “We’re thrilled to present Yoshiki with the 2024 Variety International Achievement in Music award at our 8th Annual Hitmakers event.”




			Popular on Variety		






	Since the start of his career as leader of rock group X Japan, Yoshiki has charted a path all his own, most recently exploring new creative endeavors in film with his directorial debut in “Yoshiki: Under the Sky” (distributed by Magnolia Pictures), as well as in fashion with the launch of his fashion line Maison Yoshiki Paris, which debuted on the runway during Milan Fashion Week and showed this fall at Paris Fashion Week.

	Yoshiki was scheduled to be presented with the award at a Variety event earlier in the year but had to reschedule. Variety is pleased to make the presentation as a special addition to its Hitmakers event, which looks back on the year in music celebrating the writers, producers, publishers, managers and executives who helped make — and break — the 25 most-consumed songs of the year, as measured by Billboard and Luminate Charts. Hitmakers honorees include Hitmaker of the Year Charlie xcx, Changemaker of the Year Jelly Roll, Humanitarian of the Year Quavo, and Triple Threat RAYE.

	This year’s event sponsors include Presenting Partner AFEELA, a mobility brand developed by Sony Honda Mobility Inc. They will showcase its prototype vehicle of their brand AFEELA and offer exclusive hands-on demos to attendees, providing a unique, up-close experience with the future of mobility. AFEELA will also present the Newcomers Award to Shaboozey and Benson Boone. Spotify will be an official partner of the event with a Spotify Correspondent on the red carpet. 
The Business of Entertainment