Please refresh the page or navigate to another page on the site to be automatically logged inPlease refresh your browser to be logged in
Katy Perry is set to receive the Video Vanguard Award this year at the VMAs, which can be streamed on Fubo TV 
I would like to be emailed about offers, events and updates from The Independent. Read our Privacy notice
The MTV Video Music Awards are back and celebrating their 40th anniversary this year.
Rapper Megan Thee Stallion is set to host the awards from the UBS Arena on New York’s Long Island. 
It marks the “WAP” star’s first time hosting an award show, though she has guest-hosted Saturday Night Live and served as a co-host on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon in the past. 
The 2024 award show promises star-studded performances, tons of moon people, and even more Taylor Swift.
Here's everything you need to know about the MTV VMAs.
The VMAs will air live on September 11 at 8pm ET from the UBS Arena on New York’s Long Island. 
The ceremony was originally scheduled to take place on September 10 but was rescheduled to avoid conflicts with the presidential debate between Donald Trump and Kamala Harris.
The VMAs will air live on MTV, which you can access through cable or Fubo.
The awards will also be simulcast on BET, BET Her, CMT, CC, Logo, MTV2, Nickelodeon, Paramount Network, Pop, TV Land and VH1.
They will also be streaming on YouTube TV and Hulu+ Live.
Swift tops the VMA nominations with 10 – eight for her “Fortnight” music video and nods in the Artist of the Year and Best Pop categories. She’s followed by her “Fortnight” collaborator Post Malone, who has nine. He is nominated along with Swift eight times and earned his ninth nom for his country hit “I Had Some Help,” featuring Morgan Wallen.
Rounding out the Artist of the Year category nominees are Ariana Grande, Bad Bunny, Eminem, Sabrina Carpenter and SZA.
Grande, Carpenter and Eminem are tied with six nods; Megan Thee Stallion and SZA have five each. Blackpink’s LISA, Olivia Rodrigo and Teddy Swims follow with four nominations each.
This year features 29 first-time nominees, which include Wallen, Carpenter and Swims as well as Benson Boone and Tyla – the latter two boast three nominations each.
Katy Perry will receive the Video Vanguard Award. She will also perform.
Previous recipients include Shakira, Beyoncé, Nicki Minaj, Madonna, Janet Jackson, Jennifer Lopez, Rihanna and Missy Elliott.
Perry will return to the VMA stage for the first time since 2017, when she performed and hosted the award show.
The pop singer has won five VMAs across her career. She took home her first three awards in 2011: Video of the Year (“Firework”), Best Collaboration and Best Special Effects (both for “E.T.,” featuring Kanye West).
Performers will include Perry, Boone, Carpenter, Chappell Roan, GloRilla, Halsey, Lenny Kravitz, LISA, Rauw Alejandro, Anitta, Karol G, LL COOL J, Shawn Mendes and Camila Cabello.
Fan voting across 15 gender-neutral categories is live right now and ends Friday.
Voting in the best new artist category will remain active throughout the show.
Additional reporting from The Associated Press
Please refresh the page or navigate to another page on the site to be automatically logged inPlease refresh your browser to be logged in