Please refresh the page or navigate to another page on the site to be automatically logged inPlease refresh your browser to be logged in
The Independent's journalism is supported by our readers. When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn commission. 
‘Wishing everybody the best tho. Unless you’re up against Tay, then I hope you lose’ 
I would like to be emailed about offers, events and updates from The Independent. Read our Privacy notice
 Jason and Travis Kelce wished Taylor Swift good luck ahead of the 2024 MTV Video Music Awards. 
On an 11 September episode of their New Heights podcast, the pair of brothers said they’d be cheering the 34-year-old pop star on from afar, and wished her luck. Jason began reading an ad for the upcoming MTV Video Music Awards.
“Hopefully Taylor can walk away with a few! She’s nominated for about 10 of those things tonight,” Travis, 34, piped in. “Hopefully, she can walk away with some Moonmen. Those are some of the cooler trophies.”
The retired Philadelphia Eagles center, 36, agreed with his brother that the Moon Person trophies were “really cool” adding: “Let’s go, Tay! Come on, Tay!”
“Stay on top! Here we go! Wishing everyone the best, though,” Travis added.
“Unless you’re up against Tay. Then I hope you lo-” Jason teased. “Wishing everybody the best though. Unless you’re up against Tay, then I hope you lose.”
Over the years, the VMAs have remained one of Swift’s all-time favorite award shows, with her having attended last year’s event and achieved a record-breaking nine wins in one night, including video of the year for “Anti-Hero” from her album Midnights. 
In 2022, the 14-time Grammy winner broke her three-year hiatus from the award ceremony and shocked her fans - also known as Swifties - when she announced the release of her album Midnights onstage to commemorate her first win on the VMAs stage 13 years before. 
Although it has not been confirmed whether or not she will show up at the UBS Arena in Long Island, New York, this year, the “Blank Space” singer has been nominated for 12 awards, including Artist of the Year.
This year, Katy Perry is set to deliver “a show-stopping, career-spanning medley of her biggest hits” as she will be honored with this year’s Video Vanguard Award.
With rock legends and music icons coming together to honor and celebrate this year’s winners for best video, best new artist, best collaboration, and more, viewers are keeping their eyes peeled for their favorite acts, Swift included. 
Artists such as Billie Eilish, Doja Cat, Sabrina Carpenter, Camila Cabello, Shawn Mendes, Eminem, Lenny Kravitz, Benson Boone, Teddy Swims, Chappell Roan, Anitta, and GloRilla will take the stage in some of the most highly-anticipated sets of the night. 
Rapper Megan Thee Stallion will be hosting the show, marking her first time being tasked with hosting an awards show of this caliber. 
Join thought-provoking conversations, follow other Independent readers and see their replies
Please refresh the page or navigate to another page on the site to be automatically logged inPlease refresh your browser to be logged in