By 

	Tomás Mier


Teddy Swims was in the middle of getting a haircut when he learned he was nominated for Best New Artist at the 2025 Grammys — and the first person he had to call was his dad. On Friday, the “Lose Control” star shared a touching video of himself FaceTiming his dad to let him know about the Recording Academy nod.

	“Alright! Hot dog!” his dad reacts over FaceTime as Swims’ team cheers. “I’m freaking shaking right now, I’m so pumped,” Swims tells his dad as he starts to realize the significance of the news.
A post shared by Teddy Swims (@teddyswims)

	“Look what you’ve done, baby. It’s amazing,” Swims’ dad says while holding back tears. “I’m so proud of you, baby. You made it all happen, son. I’m proud of you. Yup, you did it. That’s cool as shit, son.”

	Swims is nominated for the award alongside Benson Boone, Sabrina Carpenter, Doechii, Khruangbin, Raye, Chappell Roan, and Shaboozey. 

	In his post, Swims wrote that that his dad would always be “the first person I’ll always call,” as he thanked the Academy for the “biggest privilege” of being up for the ward.

	










	“I cant stop crying! Thank you for letting your boy pursue this dream!” Swims wrote. “To be gettin this news with my best pals in the world theres no better feeling! I love you guys so much! There’s no better team and no better label on the planet!”

	“To all you sweet sweet people reading this, thank you so much for believing in and pushing a fat boy from Conyers, Georgia!” he added. “I love you sooooo much! It’s a good day to be us!”





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	








	Swims has had a breakthrough year, thanks to the success of the songs on his album I’ve Tried Everything But Therapy. Specifically, the LP’s single “Lose Control” became a radio hit, earning 1.3 billion plays on Spotify since its release. Other huge songs on the project include “The Door,” “Hammer to the Heart,” and “Some Things I’ll Never Know.”

	“I started, from then on, listening to my gut,” the singer-songwriter told Rolling Stone over the summer. “If I feel something stirring in my spirit, I avert immediately. I talk about things when they happen; I don’t swallow things. I just trust my gut. And that’s all you can do.” 
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.