ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA - MARCH 14: Beyoncé accepts the Best Rap Performance award for 'Savage' ... More onstage during the 63rd Annual GRAMMY Awards at Los Angeles Convention Center on March 14, 2021 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Kevin Winter/Getty Images for The Recording Academy)
For the second week in a row, Beyoncé rules Billboard’s Digital Song Sales chart with her new single “Texas Hold ‘Em,” which maintains its hold on the ranking of the bestselling tracks in the U.S. Surprisingly, the superstar faced little competition for the highest rung, as she outpaced even the next-highest-rising hits by a significant margin.
"Texas Hold ‘Em" secures a second week at No. 1 on the Digital Song Sales chart by selling another 28,920 copies, according to numbers shared by Luminate. That company that collects consumption data for the music industry, contributing to piecing together the weekly Billboard charts.
With nearly 29,000 copies sold, "Texas Hold ‘Em" was easily named the top-selling track in the U.S. this week. The No. 2 title, Teddy Swims’ "Lose Control," while just one spot behind Beyoncé, fell far short of pushing her out of first place. That cut sold only 7,801 copies in the past tracking week.
Incredibly, Beyoncé's latest single outsold the rest of the titles inside the top five on this week’s Digital Song Sales chart combined. Alongside Swims’ "Lose Control," this lineup includes Benson Boone’s "Beautiful Things" (No. 3, 7,076 copies sold), Jung Kook’s "Standing Next to You" (No. 4, 6,535 copies), and Ariana Grande’s "Yes, And?" (No. 5, 6,534 copies).
The thousands of sales didn’t just keep "Texas Hold ‘Em" in first place on the Digital Song Sales chart—they also helped it become another champion for the superstar on the Hot 100. After debuting in the runner-up position on the all-encompassing singles tally last frame, Beyoncé lands her thirteenth No. 1 on the most important songs tally as her latest rises to the peak position.
"Texas Hold ‘Em" became Bey’s twelfth No. 1 on the Digital Song Sales chart last week when it debuted atop the tally with an even larger sum than it managed in its second frame of availability. The tune is one of her 25 career top 10 smashes on the list.