By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Something makes us think that one of GloRilla‘s backup dancers is about to get a huge raise.
The rapper gave an energetic performance at this year’s MTV Video Music Awards Wednesday, wowing the crowd with her live rendition of “Yeah Glo!” The number then morphed into her recent single “TGIF,” and that’s when things almost got a little too revealing.
At one point, after the cameras had cut away for a few moments, a shot of GloRilla sitting center stage revealed that she was holding her top on with one arm across her chest. The artist literally didn’t miss a beat, though, continuing as though nothing had gone wrong. Eventually, a dancer on her right realized what was happening and rushed to GloRilla’s aid, moving quickly to help her stay covered through the end of the performance. 

 





GloRilla was one of several highly anticipated performers at this year’s VMAs, along with Anitta, Benson Boone, Camila Cabello, Chappell Roan, Eminem, Halsey, Karol G, Lenny Kravitz, Lisa, LL Cool J, (host) Megan Thee Stallion, Rauw Alejandro, Sabrina Carpenter and Shawn Mendes.
Check out our list of this year’s VMAs winners here, then hit the comments with your words of praise for GloRilla’s quick-thinking co-worker!
Comments are monitored, so don’t forkin' curse and don’t bore us with how much your coworker’s sister-in-law makes per hour. Talk smart about TV! 
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * Your email address will not be published. We will notify you when someone replies.
Δ
I listen to mainstream top 40 radio mostly, but read a lot of tv, music and film blogs, and have literally never heard of “GloRilla”. :)
(Btw everyone else on the show was familiar to me.- and Chappell Roan was amazing as always! I’m not a Megan Thee Stallion fan for her music but she was a great host)
Sometimes I think that these people wear clothing that will more than likely “malfunction”,
         just so that they get
                 attention!
That is a very naive thought… Just look how well that went for Janet Jackson. You think any female singer would take that risk on purpose?
It’s not a naive thought and just because it didn’t go well for Janet Jackson it doesn’t mean that it will be like that for other performers, whether they’re female or male….
Actually, anyone who pays even some attention to the way press and social media work can predict how it would go, especially for female artists. (And usually the most horrid comments about them are from a other women.)
Why go nake it a shame woman are show all is not cute at all u need to respect  ur body is ur not the world to see that is no respect to u all women  not show to the whole world it don’t look cute at all just bring u do w n as. Woman u don’t repcet ur self it not right at all to us do it at home close door repcet ur self plz God don’t like we that sing but no body part ok
I would say your writing is bigger point of embarrasment to the female gender than her clothes.
They prevented a lot of viewers from turning blind!
I think many wardrobe “malfunctions” are staged these days just to garner publicity.  And it works… never heard of GloRilla until this article.  Then again, I am not in her demographic… but as I said, wouldn’t have known about her if I hadn’t seen this article. So the publicity works, even if it was unintentional.
Kamala Harris didn’t win the debate, the poll immediately following the debate said Trump 92 per cent, Harris 4 per cent, so I don’t know where y’all get off saying she won! She’s a big part of the failed policies that have this country hanging on by a thread, which took 3.5 years to achieve, so logic would dictate it will take at least as long to get us out of this nightmare! Her whole term,(if elected) would be spent cleaning up her own mess. Talk about going backwards. She’s a joke, a puppet, wake up people!!!
First of all, this is an article about the VMA’s not the debate.  Secondly, there were other polls besides the Fox News poll and they all had her winning between 66% and 75% depending on the poll.  Thirdly, if you think he won that debate you need to get new glasses and get your hearing checked.
I noticed this, search YouTube to see if anyone was talking about. Shocked to see not one video about it. I knew it was not supposed to happen, but wasn’t sure after seeing none else spoke on it. Seeing it now online just reassured what I thought. It was not on purpose, and yes that dancer came to her rescue. I dubbed her, *Her ride or die dancer*. I have grown to be a huge fan of Glorilla and she was a boss babe, and handled it with grace.
By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.