We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
"It's nothing like it."
Strictly Come Dancing star Jamie Borthwick has revealed how the Christmas special compares to the main series.
The EastEnders star notably won last year's festive episode after scoring a perfect 40 for his Quickstep with professional partner Nancy Xu.
Appearing on It Takes Two with his new partner Michelle Tsiakkas on Friday (September 27), Jamie discussed how "different" his experience has been on this year's series.
"Well, to be honest it's nothing like it," he told host Fleur East. "Me and Nancy had a jolly up for two weeks, well it wasn't even two weeks – a week and a half.
Related: Best streaming services in 2024
"It was great. We worked hard on our routine obviously, but we knew it was light and for Christmas... just different.
"Now, I've been humbled by Strictly. Especially this week because we've only had that week [to rehearse]. It's not even five days, it's four days with all the other stuff we have to do – our VTs and I've had a filming day this week. It's all go."
Last weekend, Jamie and Michelle performed a Viennese Waltz to 'Beautiful Things' by Benson Boone, which scored 23 points. 
This week, they are taking on the dreaded Rumba to 'Ain't No Sunshine' by Bill Withers – the first Rumba in 15 years to be performed in week two.
Related: Strictly stars reveal hilarious fake tan "nightmare"
Speaking about the challenging dance, Jamie revealed that he was very "sore" after practising his swaying hip movements – but he still loves the dance.
"I love the Rumba. People are kind of like, 'Oh no it's really hard' and everyone hates it," he said, adding: "Oddly enough, by sheer luck, I like the Rumba."
This weekend, viewers can vote for the first time to save their favourite couples, with the judges' scores from the first two weeks being combined to determine the leaderboard. The two couples with the lowest votes will face the first dance-off of the series.
As well as Jamie and Michelle's Rumba, Saturday's dances include two Cha Chas, two American Smooths, two Viennese Waltzes and two Foxtrots.  
Strictly Come Dancing airs on Saturdays and Sundays on BBC One, while spin-off Strictly: It Takes Two airs on weeknights on BBC Two. Both shows are available to stream on BBC iPlayer.
Interested in talking about Strictly? Visit our dedicated sub-forum
Read more Strictly news on our dedicated homepage
Sara is an entertainment journalist who specialises in TV and film. After studying journalism at the University of Roehampton, Sara joined Digital Spy in 2023, writing news (and the occasional feature) on all things entertainment. She has also written for the culture desk at The Evening Standard. A lover of all things TV and film, Sara can wax lyrical about everything from Bridgerton to The Witcher. She can also recite entire episodes of New Girl, Brooklyn Nine-Nine and Parks and Recreation. In her spare time, Sara loves to knit, crochet and cross-stitch. Also a musical theatre aficionado, Sara counts Samantha Barks as one of her heroes and is a loyal fan of Jodie Comer.

Strictly's Katya Jones announces major new TV role
Jay McGuinness's emotional Tom Parker confession
Strictly star details "severe" health condition
 Strictly's Fleur to play "iconic" music legend
Strictly's Kai shares update on first solo tour
ITV's new crime thriller drops first trailer
BBC confirms Strictly's 2025 professionals line-up
Jill Halfpenny's tense new UK thriller gets teaser
Strictly stars on "amazing" Layton Williams win
Strictly judge calls for "non-celebrity" version
Strictly stars talk "stressful" life change
Strictly star teases "top secret" Doctor Who role
DIGITAL SPY, PART OF THE HEARST UK ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK
We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England. All Rights Reserved.