Taylor Swift has kicked off the UK portion of her sold-out Eras Tour! A series of shows began in Scotland on Friday, 7 June, leaving fans rejoicing.
The popular singer will next perform in Liverpool, Cardiff, and London. If you're looking to see her live in the upcoming weeks, continue reading for important details such as show times, song lists, seating arrangements, merchandise costs, and additional information.
If you're still hoping to get a ticket to one of her upcoming gigs, there might still be last-minute tickets available. You can take a chance and check out resale platforms like Viagogo and VividSeats.
Last-minute tickets are up for grabs without the rush, thanks to fans listing them on these sites, where they remain available until someone snaps them up. Here's a handy list of links you might need:
AXS, one of Taylor Swift's authorised ticket sellers, urged fans to avoid buying resale tickets from unverified sources. A representative for Viagogo told the Mirror: "Viagogo is a regulated marketplace where fans have the freedom to buy and sell tickets to their favourite live events, safely and securely, backed by a guarantee.
"Sellers on our marketplace may list tickets at high values when demand is high, but prices can change and tend to reduce over time. We recommend Swifties wait for demand to settle, and check regularly for a listing that meets their budget. Tickets for Taylor Swift's UK dates have already sold for as low as 172 GBP on our platform. Also, tickets listed at eye-catchingly high levels rarely, if ever, sell."
Sites such as Viagogo and Vivid Seats allow fans to buy resale tickets from other fans. However, it is important to note that many event promoters say tickets should not be resold after initial purchase and will not be valid for admittance to gigs.
Fans attending live events with tickets acquired through resale websites are advised to double-check the ticket terms and conditions at the point of sale - such as Ticketmaster or Live Nation - to ensure a smooth live event experience. Tickets could be voided if they were found to be bought second-hand. As a result, fans are buying at their own risk.
Venues often differ in stage times and supporting acts, hence it's recommended to confirm details tailored to your particular venue.
Paramore, celebrated for tracks including Misery Business and Hard Times, has been announced as Taylor Swift's support act for all her UK shows, while Mette, Griff, and Benson Boone will join Taylor for her London gigs.
Edinburgh's Murrayfield Stadium, on their website, have released key timings appropriate for their three shows:
The Anfield Stadium website in Liverpool is also displaying similar stage times, with the Wembley Stadium site stating that more details will be released closer to the event.
Only small bags are allowed at all of the stadiums hosting Taylor Swift's UK concerts. However, the definition of a small bag varies from stadium to stadium.
Roseburn St, Edinburgh EH12 5PJ
The UK leg of the tour will commence in Edinburgh, making this stadium a focal point of interest.
Anfield Rd, Anfield, Liverpool L4 0TH
This stadium, home to Liverpool FC, can be reached by bus, on foot or by train.
Westgate St, Cardiff CF10 1NS
Located conveniently in the city centre, this venue is easily accessible on foot from the main station. It's an excellent spot for rugby matches and I'm sure it'll be just as great for Taylor's concert.
London HA9 0WS
This concert will take place at an exceptional venue, which is easily reachable by various modes of transport. However, if you're travelling on Chiltern Trains, please note that some trains from the north may not stop at Wembley. In such cases, you'll need to head to Marylebone first.
After dropping her latest studio album, The Tortured Poets Department, Taylor has shaken up the set list by introducing fresh tracks to her three-hour-long gig. These include Smallest Man Who Ever Lives, Who's Afraid Of Little Old Me, LOML and I Can Do It With A Broken Heart.
During a recent performance in Paris, she also delighted fans by adding her Midnight's track, Paris, to the line-up. It's possible that she might throw in a few more surprise numbers for her UK gigs.
Here's a glimpse at Taylor's set list from her Paris show on May 9 - but bear in mind this could change when she hits Edinburgh, Liverpool, Cardiff and London.
Lover Era
Fearless Era
Red Era
Reputation Era
Folklore/Evermore Era
1989 Era
The Tortured Poets Department Era
Surprise Songs
Midnights Era
Disney+ now costs as little as £4.99 a month, but members can get 12 months for the price of 10 by paying for a year upfront on the ad-free Standard or Premium plans.
Disney+ is the only place to stream hit shows like Rivals, The Bear and Shōgun, plus blockbuster franchises like Star Wars and Marvel.
from £4.99