We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
Three Cha Chas and two Tangos!
Strictly Come Dancing has confirmed the song titles and dances that the celebrity contestants will perform in the first week of the 2024 competition.
Fans will see all 15 celebrity contestants and their professional dance partners perform for the first time in Saturday's live show (September 21).
The routines line-up unveiled on Strictly's official Instagram account includes three Cha Chas, two Foxtrots, two Tangos and two Sambas, plus a Viennese Waltz.
Related: Strictly Come Dancing confirms long-running part of show is ending
Putting their best foot forward in the Cha Cha are couples Chris McCausland and Dianne Buswell, Dr Punam Krishan and Gorka Márquez, and Tasha Ghouri and Aljaž Škorjanec.
Chris and Dianne will perform to 'Twist and Shout' by The Beatles, with Punam and Gorka Cha Cha-ing to Kylie Minogue's 'Love at First Sight'.
Tasha and Aljaž will also dance a Cha Cha to the popular summer 2024 single 'Espresso' by Sabrina Carpenter.
Related: Strictly's Anton Du Beke on which other BBC reality show he'd join
Montell Douglas and Johannes Radebe are one couple hoping to impress with a Foxtrot to the tune of 'Is You Is or Is You Ain’t My Baby?' by Dinah Washington, with Sam Quek and Nikita Kuzmin also performing a Foxtrot to The Supremes' hit 'Where Did Our Love Go'.
Bringing some drama to the dancefloor this Saturday with a Tango are Tom Dean and Nadiya Bychkova plus Toyah Willcox and Neil Jones.
Tom and Nadiya are performing to 'Golden' by Harry Styles, with Toyah and Neil doing their Tango to Madonna's 'Ray of Light'.
Related: Strictly's Anton Du Beke reveals why he won't do Dancing on Ice
Injecting the party spirit into proceedings will be Shayne Ward and Nancy Xu, who will deliver a Samba to 'Do I Do' by Stevie Wonder. 
Wynne Evans and Katya Jones are also performing a Samba on Saturday to Tom Jones's hit 'Help Yourself'.
Sarah Hadland and Vito Coppola will be fast on their feet with a Quickstep to the classic Dolly Parton track '9 to 5', while Nick Knowles and Luba Mushtuk will perform a Jive to 'We Built This City' by Starship.
Paying homage to his football roots, Paul Merson is dancing an American Smooth with professional partner Karen Hauer to the sound of 'Vindaloo' by Fat Les.
Elsewhere, TOWIE star Pete Wicks and professional dancer Jowita Przystał will be attempting the first Paso Doble of the 2024 series to 'Breathe' by The Prodigy.
Taking a twirl on the dancefloor with a Viennese Waltz to Benson Boone's 'Beautiful Things' are Jamie Borthwick and Michelle Tsiakkas. And last but not least are JB Gill and Amy Dowden, who will perform a classic Waltz to 'When I Need You' by Leo Sayer.
As is tradition with the first live Strictly show, there will be no elimination this weekend, with the first couple set to leave the competition the following weekend.
Strictly Come Dancing airs on BBC One, while spin-off Strictly: It Takes Two airs on weeknights on BBC Two. Both shows are available to stream on BBC iPlayer.
Interested in talking about Strictly? Visit our dedicated sub-forum
Read more Strictly news on our dedicated homepage
Night News Editor, Digital Spy  Emily is an experienced entertainment writer and editor, reporting on all things TV, film, soaps and showbiz. An NCTJ-qualified journalist, with a First Class Honours degree in Journalism from the University of Sussex, Emily has previously worked at Hello magazine, BBC South News and GoodtoKnow. She joined Digital Spy as Acting Deputy News Editor in May 2023, and became Deputy News Editor the following year.
  A small and big-screen obsessive – with subscriptions to every TV and film service under the sun – Emily knows her movie stars from soap stars, and is always clued up on the latest reality show dumping, just-dropped trailer or off-screen spat. She's interviewed a number of celebrities over the years, with highlights including The Masked Singer host Joel Dommett and GMB's Kate Garraway (who "loved" her trousers).
  Emily counts Sharon Horgan and Julia Davis as her TV heroes, and is a loyal Wes Anderson fan. LinkedIn
Strictly's Katya Jones announces major new TV role
Jay McGuinness's emotional Tom Parker confession
Strictly star details "severe" health condition
 Strictly's Fleur to play "iconic" music legend
Strictly's Kai shares update on first solo tour
ITV's new crime thriller drops first trailer
BBC confirms Strictly's 2025 professionals line-up
Jill Halfpenny's tense new UK thriller gets teaser
Strictly stars on "amazing" Layton Williams win
Strictly judge calls for "non-celebrity" version
Strictly stars talk "stressful" life change
Strictly star teases "top secret" Doctor Who role
DIGITAL SPY, PART OF THE HEARST UK ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK
We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England. All Rights Reserved.