Tonight on "The Voice," the Top 5 artists perform a ballad and an up-tempo song in front of coaches Chance the Rapper, Dan + Shay, John Legend and Reba McEntire to compete for the title of The Voice. Viewers at home have on last chance to vote for their favorite artist overnight. Carson Daly hosts the NBC singing competition.
The four-time Emmy Award-winning musical competition series “The Voice” returns with the strongest vocalists from across the country invited to compete in the show’s newest season, which premiered February 26 on NBC (8pm PT/ET). The show’s innovative format features five stages of competition: Blind Auditions, Battle Rounds, Knockouts, Playoffs and Live Performance Shows. 
SEE Everything to know about 'The Voice' Season 25: Coaches, mentors and finale date ...
8:00 p.m. - "Previously on 'The Voice'!" In the 19th episode, host Carson Daly announced Karen Waldrup (Team Dan + Shay), Nathan Chester (Team Legend), Josh Sanders and Asher HaVon (Team Reba) advanced to the season finale. Then Bryan Olesen (Team Legend) won the last instant save for the fifth spot. Tae Lewis and Madison Curbelo were eliminated from Team Dan + Shay while Team Chance was wiped out when Maddi Jane and Serenity Arce both failed to make the cut. Let's get to the Live Finale performances!
8:03 p.m. - The first finalist to perform tonight was Nathan Chester with his choice for the uptempo song, "It's Your Thing" by The Isley Brothers. Prior to the performance, John described him as a "magnetic" and "electrifying" performer that has had "clarity" about who he wants to be as an artist from the very beginning. After the performance, Chance pointed out how much Nathan changes the arrangements of songs to make something original and he thinks that's cool. John said that Nathan "outdid" himself and let Chance know that Nathan does have a heavy hand in the arrangement and then performs with "exuberance and skill."
8:13 p.m. - Josh Sanders took the stage next for Team Reba with his ballad pick, "Go Rest High on That Mountain" by Vince Gill. Reba had an emotional response to the song, telling him that it hit her "so hard" because he "got that heart going" and "sent it out" just like she's always told him to do with his music.
8:23 p.m. - Reba brought her team right back to the stage with the first performance by Asher HaVon, "Last Dance" by Donna Summer. John reiterated his stance that Asher is "the best vocalist in the competition" and thinks the song was perfect. He advised Asher that disco might be a lane he considers for his career because it fit his voice perfect. Reba could tell that he was having "a blast" and said that it's the most important thing for an artist to communicate.
8:33 p.m. - For Bryan Olesen's first performance he took on the ballad "Beautiful Things" by Benson Boone. John told Bryan he was "so moved by it" and he felt that feeling of losing something that Bryan was able to communicate through his performance.
8:42 p.m. - Ahead of Karen Waldrup's first performance, her coaches Dan + Shay described her as someone who has "stuck to what she wants to be" in her country music lane. They also see her as an amazing storyteller which is what country music is all about. For her ballad, they chose the "peak storytelling" song "What Hurts the Most" by Rascall Flatts. After the performance, Dan referred to it as "iconic," calling it a performance that can win the show. Shay thanked Karen for her work and said that he's "so proud" of her.
8:54 p.m. - The first artist to return to the stage for their second performance was Josh with "Boots On" by Randy Houser. Ahead of this performance, Reba shed light on the "difference in his voice" that inspired her to pick him for her team. For this song, she wanted him to show his "sassy, flirty and fun" side since they've shown so much of his storytelling and emotion in other weeks. After the performance, she called it "great and a lot of fun" which is what she wanted the song to be all about.
9:07 p.m. - For Nathan's ballad he chose to sing Leon Russell's "A Song for You." John liked the song selection because it scaled back the "splits and fireworks" that we've already seen and so it was nice to see him sing. He called it a "beautiful" performance that "shows America what a full, complete talent" that Nathan is.
9:17 p.m. - Tonight's special performance was from this season's mega mentor Keith Urban. He sang his single "Messed Up as Me" with his band. We were also treated to a performance close to Caron's heart of "Brother" from the U.S. Army Field Band.
9:31 p.m. - When Bryan returned to the stage it was for "Freedom! '90" by George Michael. John said that he had always "envisioned" the finale for Bryan because he was "floored" by his blind audition. He referred to Bryan as a "polished" and "experienced performer" that made him easy to work with. Following his final performance, John said he "felt his passion" and loved seeing him have fun in a performance where "everything worked."
9:44 p.m. - Karen closed out her time on the show with the uptempo track "I'm Alright" by Jo Dee Messina. Shay congratulated her for "never straying from the path" of her brand. Dan backed him up by adding that she's a consistent performer and she has earned her place in the finale and as the one that should win.
9:52 p.m. - Before the final performance of the night, Reba described her surprise that Asher had picked to join her team, but he explained that she was able to help him get in touch with emotions that he had buried. He said that her support "strengthened every part" of him. Then, to close out the show he took on the big ballad "I Will Always Love You" by Dolly Parton. Chance said straight away that Asher "deserves to win" and that there hasn't been a week where he doesn't think he's the best. Reba concluded that she's proud of what he did and called him "regal" because he "carries it so well."
Found this season very disappointing.  Son offered his tv up but after the fist hour told him he could watch his hockey and i would take the dog out
I thought this season had some tremendous talent. All five finalists deserve to be there. Hard to pick a winner!
Asher is the best vocalist and this is The Voice.  Then Nathan.  But there are usually country voters.  Maybe that will be split between Josh and Karen.  Bryan does not deserve to be there.
I agree that Bryan does not deserve to be there.
I have to say this has been a great season and one of the few where I genuinely love all of the finalists. With that being said, I think Asher has the strongest voice and should win. I think Nathan also has a great voice and is a solid singer, but I would put him in 3rd because I don’t feel the emotion in his performances. I would put Karen in 2nd, especially after her 2nd performance because while vocally not perfect, I do feel connected to her performances. I would round it out with Josh in 4th and Bryan in 5th.
I will love for Josh to win. He totally deserves to win. After being on American Idol two times. He deserves a win after being cut two times on American Idol.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…
Take a trip back to the Academy Awards ceremonies of the recent past with Gold Derby’s Oscars Playback series. Hosts Joyce Eng and Christopher Rosen recap every Oscar ceremony of the 1990s and 2000s. Joyce and Chris tackle the highs and lows of each show and see how the winners aged. It’s a wonderful night for Oscar, whenever you watch!

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media