Taylor Swift peforms as fans pack Lumen Field for her Eras Tour concert in Seattle. Swift was the Emerald City's — and the world's — most listened-to artist in 2024. Swift took the crown for the second year in a row, and "The Tortured Poets Department: The Anthology" was Seattle's most listened-to album this year. (Luke Johnson / The Seattle Times, 2023)
From Sabrina Carpenter to Kendrick Lamar, here's what Seattleites listened to in 2024, according to data from Spotify.
North America's most used streaming app released its annual Wrapped report for listeners this month. The company also aggregates data on the most listened-to songs, artists and albums based on localities.
Seattle's top five artists mirrored the top five artists in the U.S.
Taylor Swift was the Emerald City's — and the world's — most listened-to artist in 2024. Swift took the crown for the second year in a row, and "The Tortured Poets Department: The Anthology" was Seattle's most listened-to album this year.
Despite facing major backlash in 2024 due to his public beef with Kendrick Lamar, Drake was Seattle's and America's second most popular artist. Country stars Zach Bryan and Morgan Wallen took third and fourth, respectively. Controversial rapper Kanye West was Seattle's fifth most listened-to artist.
It was also the year of "Espresso," as Sabrina Carpenter's song was the most listened-to in Seattle and worldwide. Her album, "Short n' Sweet," was the third most-played record in Seattle.
Kendrick Lamar's dis track "Not Like Us" took second place for the most streamed song.
Seattle's love of Chappell Roan runs deep. Her appearance at this year's Capitol Hill Block Party saw thousands of people "HOT TO GO!" So it's no surprise her song "Good Luck, Babe!" came in third for Seattle's most listened-to song in 2024 — charting three spots higher than in the rest of the country. Roan's album, "The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess," was also the city's second most popular album this year.
Hozier's "Too Sweet" came in fourth place and “MILLION DOLLAR BABY” by Tommy Richman came in fifth in Seattle.
Nationwide, "A Bar Song (Tipsy)" by Shaboozey was third and "I Had Some Help," by Post Malone came in fourth. "MILLION DOLLAR BABY” came in fifth nationwide.
Meanwhile, local heartthrob Benson Boone, who has roots in Monroe, took seventh place in the country with his hit "Beautiful Things." The track didn't quite crack the top five in Seattle, either.

            Journalists at the Yakima Herald-Republic bring you timely, in-depth and credible local news.
            Your generous donation supports their work.
        
Please select all the ways you would like to hear from us:
You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the link in the footer of our emails. For information about our privacy practices, please visit our website.
We use Mailchimp as our marketing platform. By clicking below to subscribe, you acknowledge that your information will be transferred to Mailchimp for processing. Learn more about Mailchimp's privacy practices here.
Please select all the ways you would like to hear from us:
You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the link in the footer of our emails. For information about our privacy practices, please visit our website.
We use Mailchimp as our marketing platform. By clicking below to subscribe, you acknowledge that your information will be transferred to Mailchimp for processing. Learn more about Mailchimp's privacy practices here.
The Yakima Herald-Republic is hiring.
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers:

                    Sign up to receive news and updates from this site directly to your desktop.
                

                    Click on the bell icon to manage your notifications at any time.
                
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.