Justin Timberlake performs during the iHeartRadio Music Awards, Monday, April 1, 2024, at the Dolby Theatre in Los Angeles.AP Photo/Chris Pizzello
Audacy’s We Can Survive music event returns for its 11th year on Saturday, September 28, 2024, bringing a night of entertainment and mental health advocacy to the Prudential Center in Newark, New Jersey.
This year’s lineup features Justin Timberlake, New Kids on the Block, Tate McRae, Benson Boone, Khalid and Isabel LaRosa.
The event, starting at 7 p.m., is presented by Audacy and hosted by NEW 102.7 FM (WNEW-FM). The event will not be live-streamed. To enjoy the fun and support a good cause, secure your tickets now to avoid missing out.
Only a limited number of standard admission tickets remain on Ticketmaster. However, greater availability, including sold-out seating, can be found on secondary market platforms such as Vivid Seats, SeatGeek and StubHub.
We Can Survive is more than just a concert — it’s a platform for raising awareness and funds for the American Foundation for Suicide Prevention (AFSP). This year’s event will support AFSP’s mission to provide education, support for those affected by suicide and community programs.
Part of the proceeds from We Can Survive will go towards AFSP’s “Talk Away the Dark” campaign. This initiative aims to increase public understanding of suicide prevention, providing tools and resources for people to engage in life-saving conversations.
Read this for more information about safety and venue policies.
Can’t get enough live music? Check out other upcoming music festivals, including All Thing Go NYC, Sea.Hear.Now, Farm Aid and Borderland.
A post shared by We Can Survive (@wecansurvive)
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices