"Good luck babe" — me to everyone who tries to recreate this outfit for Halloween.
Hands up if you're only watching the 2024 VMAs for Chappell Roan? I get it, and she truly delivered on her debut red carpet, showing up in look that I'm gonna go ahead and describe as ren faire meets Joan of Arc, which she accessorized with a cross necklace and a casual sword.
Also, need to zoom in on this makeup look and those killer nails for obvious reasons:
PERFECTION.
On top of performing at the show tonight in a lineup that also includes the likes of Sabrina Carpenter, Megan Thee Stallion, and Shawn Mendes (to name a few), Chappell is nominated for Best New Artist as well as MTV Push Performance of the Year for “Red Wine Supernova,” Best Trending Video for “Hot to Go!” and Song of the Summer for "Good Luck, Babe!"
Chappell is definitely a major contender for all four awards, but Song of the Summer is particularly stacked. The full list? Ariana Grande for “We Can’t Be Friends (Wait for Your Love),” Benson Boone for “Beautiful Things,” Billie Eilish for “Birds of a Feather,” Charli XCX & Billie Eilish for “Guess,” Eminem for “Houdini,” Future, Metro Boomin & Kendrick Lamar for “Like That,” GloRilla & Megan Thee Stallion for “Wanna Be,” Hozier for “Too Sweet,” Kendrick Lamar for “Not Like Us,” Post Malone feat. Morgan Wallen for “I Had Some Help,” Sabrina Carpenter for “Please Please Please,” Shaboozey for “A Bar Song (Tipsy),” SZA for “Saturn,” Taylor Swift feat. Post Malone for “Fortnight,” and finally Tommy Richman for “Million Dollar Baby.” 
We'll see what happens!
Mehera Bonner is a celebrity and entertainment news writer who enjoys Bravo and Antiques Roadshow with equal enthusiasm, She was previously entertainment editor at Marie Claire and has covered pop culture for over a decade. 
Hailey Gushes About Justin in Surprise Speech
Chappell Roan’s McQueen Look Has Harlequin Energy
Olivia Rodrigo’s Gucci Dress Sent a Subtle Message
Lorde’s ‘What Was That’ Is Here
This ‘Emily in Paris' OG Isn’t Returning for S5
Sadie Sink Is the Hero at Her Broadway Premiere
Olivia Rodrigo Flaunts Her London Style
Clairo Makes a Charming Comeback to Coachella
How the 'TLOU' Cast Compares to the Game
Read Suni Lee’s Powerful Apex for Youth Speech
Why Zendaya Will Be Doing the Met Gala Differently
I Read the ‘All Nighter’ Cast’s Birth Charts
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.