Is Jacob Elordi's 'On Swift Horses' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Amazon Prime Video?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'Heavenly Ever After' On Netflix, A Charming K-Drama Where An 80-Year-Old Woman Reconnects With Her Suddenly Much Younger Looking Husband In The Afterlife				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'Journey to You' on Hallmark, Where A Workaholic Nurse And A Divorced Single Dad Find Themselves—And Love—On The Camino de Santiago				

					Is 'The Wedding Banquet' 2025 Movie Streaming on Netflix or Amazon Prime?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Exterritorial’ on Netflix, a German Thriller Leaning Hard On Its Crunchy Hand-to-Hand Combat Sequences				

					The Top 10 Movies on Netflix That Are Most Popular Right Now				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Jewel Thief: The Heist Begins’ on Netflix, a Hacky Indian Action Flick That Only Steals Your Precious Time				

					Marvel's 'Thunderbolts*' Review: A Small Superhero Story Offering Huge Hope for the Future of the MCU				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘The Biggest Fan’ on Netflix, a Mexican Comedy About Celeb Worship Starring Kate del Castillo				

					Will There Be a 'Four Seasons' Season 2? Everything We Know About The Netflix Comedy				

					'The Four Seasons' Welcomes Back Alan Alda In A Special Guest Role				

					R.I.P. Ruth Buzzi: 'Laugh-In' And 'Sesame Street' Alum Dead At 88				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Asterix and Obelix: The Big Fight’ on Netflix, a Fresh and Fun Animated Series in a Long-Running French Franchise				

					Is the 'Sneaks' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Disney+?				

					Is the 2025 'King Of Kings' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Disney+?				

					Chaotic 'Minecraft Movie' Screenings Have Led To Police Removals Of Rowdy Audience Members				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Promised Hearts’ on Netflix, A Friends-to-Lovers Indonesian Romance About Childhood Friends				

					'The Smashing Machine' Trailer Drops: Could This Score Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson His First Oscar?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘The Narrow Road To The Deep North’ On Prime Video Where Jacob Elordi Plays A Haunted Prisoner Of War				

					Aimee Carrero On Why Signing Onto 'Your Friends And Neighbors' Was A No-Brainer For Her: "I Love Nothing More Than Subverting A Stereotype"				

					Kerry Washington Censored On 'The View' While Gloating About Telling Method Man To "F Off" In 'Shadow Force'				

					What Time Is Trump on TV Tonight? How To Watch 'President Trump The First 100 Days'				

					Kelly Clarkson Tells Finn Wolfhard All About Her "Horrible" First Kiss: "It Was Like He Was Searching For Something"				

					Idina Menzel Confesses To Andy Cohen On ‘The Kelly Clarkson Show’ About The Time She “Peed” Onstage: “It Was In ‘Wicked’”				

					'Andor' Season 2 Episode 6 Recap: Sex, Death, and Star Wars				

					Diego Luna Achieves Peak Hottness As Undercover Space Spy Hot Varian Skye  in ‘Andor’ 				

					'Andor' Season 2 Episode 5 Recap: Gimme Fuel, Gimme Fire				

					'Andor' Marries Star Wars With Shakespeare With Forest Whitaker’s Incendiary Ode to Rhydonium: "Revolution is Not For the Sane!"				

					'MobLand' Episode 5 Recap: Funeral Party				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Havoc’ on Netflix, Where Tom Hardy And Timothy Olyphant Are Among Those Shooting At Each Other 				

					'MobLand' Episode 4 Recap: Suspicious Minds				

					'MobLand' Episode 3 Recap: Human Sacrifice				

					'The Last Of Us': Why Did Ellie Leave Coffee Beans On Joel's Grave? The Significance, Explained 				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'The Eternaut' On Netflix, Where Survivors Band Together When A Toxic Snow Falls On Buenos Aires				

					'The Last of Us' Star Gabriel Luna Explains Why Tommy Isn't There For Joel's Death on the HBO Show: "I Always Thought That Was a Bit Weird"				

					'The Last of Us' Season 2 Episode 3 Recap: Stuck in the Joel Hole				

					Kerry Washington Censored On 'The View' While Gloating About Telling Method Man To "F Off" In 'Shadow Force'				

					Alyssa Farah Griffin Opens Up About "Stressful" Fertility Journey On 'The View'				

					'The View's Whoopi Goldberg Compares Jeremy Renner's Near Death Experience To 'Ghost': "It's Not Just A Movie"				

					Whoopi Goldberg Thinks Trump Is "Getting Even" With America For Not Supporting Him Through His Tariffs And Controversial Policies: "He's Angry At This Country"				

					An Ode to Judy Gemstone, TV's Poet Laureate of Nonsense				

					Walton Goggins Shares The Magic Of Baby Billy Freeman Belting Out "Turn The Other Cheek" In Behind The Scenes Instagram 				

					Walton Goggins Says He's Struggling To Say Goodbye To 'The Righteous Gemstones': "I Am Mourning The Fact That I Don't Get To Play Baby Billy Anymore"				

					Walton Goggins On Getting To Pull Off Some Of Television's Most Absurd Lines In 'The Righteous Gemstones': "Danny McBride Spins Gold"				
Kal Penn has expressed continued interest in taking over as host of The Daily Show if and when Jon Stewart steps away.
Stewart returned in February almost nine years after his exit and plans to continue hosting on Mondays through the presidential election. He also serves as an executive producer.
Penn spoke to People at the Global Citizens Festival on Saturday, Sept. 28, when he opened up about where he stands on possibly hosting the Comedy Central talk show.
“I had the chance to guest host two weeks on The Daily Show last season so we’ll see,” said Penn. “They say Jon is back for one season. The fanboy part of me is like I hope Jon stays on The Daily Show, because I’m such a fan and I grew up on [it].”
“Then the agent part is when your team calls and is like, ‘Jon may be leaving after the election. Are you still interested in this job?’ ” he continued. “I’m like, ‘Yes, of course! I’m still interested in that job!’ There’s a lot of fun stuff happening. Any time we’re around an election, it’s so tense, so what I love about what I do in the comedy space is you have the chance to do the opposite of like, the stress.”
Penn also talked about whether or not he would be interested in potentially starring in a fourth Harold & Kumar film. The third installment, A Very Harold & Kumar Christmas, costarring John Cho, premiered almost 13 years ago. “I would love to do that if it works out,” Penn added.
The annual Global Citizen Festival‘s mission is to “defeat poverty, defend the planet and demand equity,” per its website. To score free tickets to the event, fans must take specific actions on the website that aim to help end extreme poverty. Post Malone, Doja Cat, LISA, Rauw Alejandro, Jelly Roll, RAYE, Benson Boone, and Hugh Jackman also appeared at the event.
Speaking about the initiative, Penn said, “It also comes with important partnerships and the idea that wherever governments or leaders have failed us, there’s pressure from the private sector and people to figure out how to get the money and how to support what nonprofits are doing to make sure we’re alleviating poverty. That concept alone is really important to support.”
Penn’s next role will be in the film Trust Me, I’m a Doctor, based on the 2017 book “Trust Me, I’m A Doctor: My Life Before, During and After Anna Nicole Smith” by Dr. Sandeep Kapoor. Penn plays Dr. Kapoor, Smith’s physician at the time of her accidental overdose, in the film in which he also serves as executive producer.
One of the actor and comedian’s most recent gigs was as the voice of Zinzan (Jinzan) in the English dub of the Japanese animation film The Imaginary on Netflix.

This story has been shared 3,667 times.
3,667


This story has been shared 2,697 times.
2,697


This story has been shared 1,184 times.
1,184


This story has been shared 914 times.
914


This story has been shared 735 times.
735


This story has been shared 664 times.
664


This story has been shared 615 times.
615


This story has been shared 437 times.
437


This story has been shared 382 times.
382


This story has been shared 371 times.
371


This story has been shared 305 times.
305


This story has been shared 296 times.
296


This story has been shared 284 times.
284


This story has been shared 264 times.
264


This story has been shared 221 times.
221