Drive more conversions for your clients. Get the 2025 Outlook Report + 6 Ways to Boost AI's Impact for Your Clients worksheet.
Join us live to walk away with a clear action plan for dominating search and content in 2025.
Have a Google Ads question that's been bugging you? Ginny Marvin, Googles Ads Liaison, is ready to answer it. Maybe you'll headline our next column!
Join us live to walk away with a clear action plan for dominating search and content in 2025.
Discover quick, high-impact PPC tactics designed to boost ROI without burning out.
Learn how to leverage powerful linkable assets to earn high-quality links that impact search rankings. Walk away with a step-by-step framework to implement now.
Google's yearly report of top trending searches reveals the most popular keywords and topics across different categories.
Google has released its annual “Year in Search” report, highlighting the top trending searches, news, people, entertainment, and more that captured the world’s attention in 2024.
Based on Google search data, the report offers a glimpse into the topics, events, and figures that defined the year.
Here’s an overview of top trending searches worldwide and a breakdown of U.S.-specific trends.
Globally, the top trending searches were dominated by major sporting events.
The Copa América soccer tournament topped the list, followed by the UEFA European Championship and the ICC Men’s T20 World Cup cricket tournament.
In the news category, the U.S. presidential election was the most searched topic worldwide, surpassing interest in the Olympic games, which came in third.
Excessive heat and Hurricane Milton also drove significant search interest, ranking as the second and fourth top global news events.
In entertainment, veteran comedian and actor Katt Williams topped the global list of most searched actors. Rising stars like Ella Purnell and Hina Khan also earned spots in the top five.
Sequels to popular franchises topped movie searches, with “Inside Out 2,” “Deadpool & Wolverine,” and “Dune: Part Two” ranking as the top three.
Top Actors:
Top Movies:
Actors:
Musicians
Returning Mike Tyson was the second most searched athlete globally behind Algerian karate champion Imane Khelif.
Sixteen-year-old soccer player Lamine Yamal also made the top five, reflecting the growing buzz about the young star.
Among sports teams, American franchises dominated, with the New York Yankees, Los Angeles Dodgers, and Boston Celtics ranking in the top five for global searches.
Interest in soccer was evident, with Inter Miami CF and German club Bayer Leverkusen also making the list.
Athletes:
Teams:
In gaming, New York Times took the top two spots with their popular word and puzzle games.
Interesting to note – except for Palworld, all the most searched titles are browser-based games that anyone can play.
Games:
Aesthetics:
Olympic-themed chocolate muffin recipes topped global food-related searches, while the traditional Chinese treat tanghulu came in second. A viral recipe created by Tineke “Tini” Younger rounded out the top three.
When it came to getting out and about, Google Maps searches showed Madison Square Garden in New York as the most searched-for stadium, while the Las Vegas Sphere was the most searched for tourist attraction.
Top Stadiums:
Top Visitor Attraction:
Google’s “Hum to Search” feature, which identifies songs based on audio clips, revealed that people had catchy tunes like “Beautiful Things” by Benson Boone and “Crazy Frog” by Axel F stuck in their heads.
The sea shanty “Wellerman” also had a resurgence.
Most Hummed Songs:
Google’s Year in Search 2024 reflects what connected people worldwide over the past year.
Key highlights include the World Cup, travel, a renewed love for nature, and virtual adventures. Common themes are sports, entertainment, connection, and comfort.
We’ll be watching to see what people search for in 2025 and beyond.
For a complete overview of this year’s search trends, visit Google’s Year in Search mini-site.
More Resources:
Featured Image: Daniel Pawer/Shutterstock

                Matt G. Southern, Senior News Writer, has been with Search Engine Journal since 2013. With a bachelor’s degree in communications, ...             

                        Join 75,000+ Digital Leaders.                    
Learn how to connect search, AI, and PPC into one unstoppable strategy.

                        Join 75,000+ Digital Leaders.                    
Learn how to connect search, AI, and PPC into one unstoppable strategy. 
In a world ruled by algorithms, SEJ brings timely, relevant information for SEOs, marketers, and entrepreneurs to optimize and grow their businesses -- and careers.

               Copyright © 2025 Search Engine Journal. All rights reserved. Published by Alpha Brand Media.