celebrity fashion
Camila Cabello brought the holiday spirit to Miami with her incredible performance at the Jingle Ball 2024. The Cuban-born star wore two stunning baby blue ensembles adorned with rhinestones and statement jewelry. 
The 'Havana' singer performed her greatest hits for her fans, including songs from her latest album, 'C,XOXO.' Camila walked the red carpet before taking the stage, smiling for the cameras and wearing a blue Georges Hobeika gown with a plunging neckline and draped bodice.
She paired the look with metallic strappy heels and small earrings. The backless gown featured a sweeping train and a bejeweled crystal neckline around the neck. 
Camila performed at Kaseya Center in Miami wearing another blue ensemble. She took the stage to give an incredible show in a black bodysuit paired with a custom baby blue set, which consisted of a bra top and a high-waisted skirt.
She wore matching opera gloves and stunning light blue satin heels with crisscrossing straps. Camila's look included silver rhinestones in different sizes.
She styled her signature brunette hair in loose waves and rocked a glamorous makeup look. In addition to Camila, other fan-favorite singers, such as Benson Boone, Tate McRae, Madison Beer, SZA, Jason Derulo, Saweetie, Khalid, Tinashe, T-Pain, Isabel LaRosa, and Wonho, have been part of the Jingle Ball, which has made multiple stops around the country.
Camila talked about her 'C, XOXO' album and her aesthetics for the fun musical era during an interview at Art Basel Miami, revealing that her hair is "going to take a lot of time to rebuild" after going platinum blonde, as she has always been known for her long brunette hair. 
"I did love being blonde in the beginning. In the beginning," she said to the audience. "But that s--- starts looking like rope real quick — like a horse is about to take a bite, like a salad. It starts drying." She continued, "There's a three-shade maximum, so you can either go three shades lighter or three shades darker, and that's fine for your hair."
© ¡HOLA! Reproduction of this article and its photographs in whole or in part is prohibited, even when citing their source.