The 2024 MTV Video Music Awards were on September 11 at Long Island’s UBS Arena. Hosting the show was Megan Thee Stallion, and she was also among the many performers. Others who took the stage included Sabrina Carpenter, Katy Perry, Chappell Roan, Eminem, Karol G, and Glorilla. Below, check out all of the performances from the 2024 MTV VMAs.
Follow along with all of Pitchfork’s coverage of the 2024 MTV Video Music Awards.
Brazilian pop star Anitta has become a true VMAs regular. She did “Girl From Rio,” in 2021, “Envolver,” in 2022, and an energetic medley last year. For the 2024 show, she did “Savage Funk,” “Alegria,” and “Paradise.”
Washington singer Benson Boone made his VMAs debut a few months after releasing his first studio album, Fireworks & Rollerblades. He was among the nominees for Best New Artist.
Camila Cabello performed at the VMAs for the third time. She made her debut in 2019, doing “Señorita” with her then-boyfriend Shawn Mendes. She returned, in 2021, for “Don’t Go Yet.” This time, she sang “Godspeed” and “June Gloom.”
Chappell Roan’s whirlwind year took her to a place she’s never before been: the MTV Video Music Awards stage. She won Best New Artist and played “Good Luck, Babe!”
Two years after performing “From the D 2 the LBC,” with Snoop Dogg, Eminem headed back to the VMAs. The rapper, who recently released The Death of Slim Shady (Coup de Grâce), opened the ceremony with “Houdini” and “Somebody Save Me.”
Glorilla won Best New Artist at the 2023 VMAs, and she returned in 2024 to do “Yeah Glo!” and “TGIF.”
Halsey releases her new album, The Great Impersonator, on October 25. She performed the album’s “Ego” in a set resembling a suburban garage. See footage on X and below.
The Columbia Records artist recently shared her debut album, That Ain’t No Man That’s the Devil. She was one of two performers at the Extended Play Stage Presented by Doritos®.
Karol G did an electric medley at the 2023 VMAs, and she returned to the awards show to play “Si Antes Te Hubiera Conocido.”
Katy Perry received the 2024 Michael Jackson Video Vanguard Award. She marked the achievement by playing a medley of some of her biggest hits, like “Roar,” “Firework,” and “I Kissed a Girl.”
Lenny Kravitz played the VMAs in 1993 and 1998, and he returned again on the heels of the new album Blue Electric Light. He was joined, for a bit, by Migos rapper Quavo.
K-pop group Le Sserafim performed during the official VMAs pre-show.
After the recent singles “New Woman” and “Rockstar,” as well as her signing, as a solo artist, to Columbia, Blackpink singer Lisa made her solo debut at the VMAs. She previously performed with Blackpink in 2022.
LL Cool J, the 1997 Video Vanguard winner, took part in a massive celebration of hip-hop’s 50th anniversary at the 2023 VMAs. He was back on stage to do many of his own classics.
VMAs host Megan Thee Stallion ran through a bunch of Megan songs during her show-stopping performance. At one point, she was joined by Japanese rapper Yuki Chiba for “Mamushi.”
Rauw Alejandro performed new music at the VMAs.
Sabrina Carpenter played the pre-show last year, doing “Nonsense” and “Feather,” and the singer was bumped to the main show for 2024. During a playful set, she sang Short n’ Sweet’s “Please Please Please,” “Taste,” and, of course, “Espresso.”
Shawn Mendes sang “Nobody Knows,” from his forthcoming album, Shawn. He’s performed at the VMAs in 2017, 2018, 2019, and 2021.
Georgia soul singer Teddy Swims spent the night on the Extended Play Stage Presented by Doritos®.
This article was originally published on Wednesday, September 11, 2024, at 7:00 a.m. Eastern Daylight Time. It was last updated on Friday, September 27, 2024, at 11:27 a.m. Eastern Daylight Time.
More From Pitchfork
Events
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Pitchfork may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
CN Entertainment