Strictly Come Dancing Christmas show winner Jamie Borthwick has said appearing on the main series is “absolutely nothing like” the festive programme.
The 30-year-old actor, who won last year’s one-off special with then-professional partner Nancy Xu, told the PA news agency he had been “humbled” by how different the two versions of the BBC dancing show are.
The EastEnders star said the main series took “a bit more” than the Christmas episode, which he described as “fun” and “light”.
A post shared by Jamie Borthwick (@jamie_b10)
It comes after he performed the Viennese Waltz to Beautiful Things by Benson Boone, with professional dancer Michelle Tsiakkas on the 20th anniversary series’ first live show on Saturday, September 21.
Borthwick told PA: “I’ve got a mixture of natural nerves, which are good, and excitement.
“But listen, this process has been absolutely nothing like the Christmas show at all.
“Even this time (first live show) when it’s been kind of easier than it will be on other weeks because we’ve had that extra week. It’s been nothing like the Christmas show.
“The Christmas show is like a bomb, it’s been and gone, I’ve forgotten about it now. I’ve been humbled very quickly, by just how different they are, and they are so different.
“Me and Nancy (Xu) worked hard on our routine but it was real fun and light, whereas this time, of course it’s fun, but it’s a bit more, this is the main show, every dance is different.”
Partner Tsiakkas added: “You are going from scratch with each new dance and learning completely new skills.”
The 29-year-old dancer went on to say that she felt the pair had a “very instant, natural connection” and added they “get along so effortlessly”.
A post shared by Michelle Tsiakkas (@michelle_tsiak)
Speaking about his partner, Borthwick said: “I can’t sing this one’s praises enough, she’s absolutely fantastic.
“This week’s been a bit long and a bit strenuous, a bit tough, and I’m like, you’re going to have to bear with me today, and she’s like, mother, sister, aunt, everything all rolled into one.”
The actor went on to reveal that Tsiakkas had been using “really obscure analogies” to explain what she wanted him to do in training.
The professional dancer explained: “If I want more fire from him, I’ll say, pretend like I just stole your Nando’s chicken burger, and that would make him really angry, and, you know, he gave me what I wanted.
“Or I’ll compare something to Takeshi’s Castle, I don’t know if people are still watching that, (and use it) to explain the transfer of weight from one foot to the other, and how you shouldn’t transfer too much to the front leg otherwise you’ll fall in the river.”
Borthwick said the couple’s performances could “only go up” with more practice and added: “You know, the more we’re dancing with each other and rehearsing with each other, say we’re learning more about each other.
“I feel very comfortable with Michelle, she’s a fantastic teacher, I think she’s starting to kind of gain my strengths and weaknesses, and we’re just kind of playing on each other’s strengths.
“Our nice bond and how comfortable we are with each other, it can only grow can’t it?”
The next episode of Strictly Come Dancing will be broadcast at 6.15pm on BBC One on Saturday, while its sister show It Takes Two will air every weekday this week at 6.30pm.

                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.