Rita Ora has remembered former One Direction singer Liam Payne with a tearful tribute at the MTV Europe Music Awards (EMAs).
The singer died at the age of 31 after falling from a third-floor balcony of the Casa Sur Hotel in Buenos Aires, Argentina, last month.
Ora, 33, host of the ceremony in Manchester, was friends with Payne and had collaborated with the singer on the song For You, which featured on the Fifty Shades Freed soundtrack.
She said: “I just want to take a moment to remember someone very, very dear to us.
“We lost him recently and he was a big part of the MTV world and my world.
“Liam Payne was one of the kindest people that I knew.”
Ora added: “He had the biggest heart and was always the first person to offer help in any way that he could.
“He brought so much joy to every room he walked into and he left such a mark on the world.”
An image of the singer was then shown on screens in the arena.
Ora wore a plethora of outfits for her third time hosting the show, appearing in something different every time she was on stage.
Meanwhile, six-time Brit Award-winner Raye said she was “actually quite shocked” in a video which played on screen as she was announced as winner of best UK and Ireland act at the EMAs.
The London singer performed at the ceremony, accompanied by a 30-strong choir and 13-piece live band, with her name in lights behind them, while she sang her hits, Escapism, and Body Dysmorphia.
A recorded video message from Taylor Swift was played after she was announced as winner in the best live, best video and best artist categories.
The singer, who also won for best US act, said: “This is just so exciting and so wonderful. I had the best time touring in Europe this summer.”
Elsewhere, Ariana Grande won in the best pop category and best collaboration went to Lisa featuring Rosalia for New Woman.
This year, the global icon EMA was awarded to US rapper Busta Rhymes, presented by British music star and Mercury Prize winner, Little Simz.
He told the crowd it was the first time in his career he had won an MTV award and said: “It feels f****** incredible.”
He was accompanied on stage by dancers wearing dragon masks to perform a medley of his bigs including I Know What You Want and Pass The Courvoisier.
Artist Tyla, who performed on the night, won awards for best afrobeats, best R&B and best African act.
The show, at Manchester’s Co-op Live arena, was opened by American singer Benson Boone, who appeared suspended in the air playing a golden piano.
He went on to win best new act.
The night marked the 30th anniversary of the awards, which are held in a different European city every year.
Singer Mabel complimented her mother, Neneh Cherry, as they appeared on stage together to present the award for best hip hop, won by Eminem.
She said: “We even have one of the winners from that very first show here tonight, a musical legend who also happens to be my beautiful mother.”
The show closed with a performance from the Pet Shop Boys, who were given the pop pioneers award.
Duo Neil Tennant and Chris Lowe performed alongside members of the Manchester Camerata orchestra and treated the crowd to a cover of David Bowie’s All The Young Dudes followed by West End Girls.
Teddy Swims, Shawn Mendes and K-pop band Le Sseraffim also performed on the night.
Earlier in the evening, music stars from across the globe took to the red carpet, including TV presenter Maya Jama, actress Jodie Turner-Smith and rock band Blossoms.
The Stockport-based group said it was “amazing” to see the awards, which have been held in cities across Europe, taking place in Manchester.
Drummer Joe Donovan said: “Things happening in your city closest to where you grow up is amazing.”
The red carpet was in a covered tent, meaning those attending were safe from the typical Manchester rain.
Happy Mondays star Bez, who arrived with bandmate Shaun Ryder, said he expected a good night in the city.
He said: “Hopefully it will be able to live up to its reputation and deliver a great party.”
Irish singers John and Edward Grimes, better known as Jedward, added some sparkle to the red carpet in glittery suits and said they were looking forward to seeing British singer Charli XCX, who did not attend on the night despite being nominated in five categories.
John said: “Charli X is the biggest Jedward fan, back in the day she tweeted and said she wanted to marry Edward but she settled for John. But no-one knew about Charli XCX, we were giving her good vibes.
“I’m happy it’s all Brat summer and she’s popping and locking.”
The ceremony has returned for the first time since 2022, after last year’s event was cancelled over the “volatility of world events” following the outbreak of the Israel-Hamas war.

                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.