ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
PARIS, FRANCE - JANUARY 23: Ye is seen, outside Kenzo, during Paris Fashion Week - Menswear F/W ... More 2022-2023, on January 23, 2022 in Paris, France. (Photo by Edward Berthelot/Getty Images)
Ye West (formerly known as Kanye) is rising on a number of Billboard charts this week with his song “Carnival,” a collaboration with Ty Dolla $ign, Playboy Carti, and Rich the Kid. The tune is improving on several lists, and this time around, it climbs to No. 1 on a pair of rankings. As the track jumps into first place, West breaks his tie with two of hip-hop’s greats and makes history.
“Carnival” rises to No. 1 on Billboard’s Hot Rap Songs chart. The track had previously been held back from running the show on the ranking of the most-consumed rap songs in the U.S. by Jack Harlow’s “Lovin on Me,” but no longer. That hit trades places with West and his collaborators, slipping to second place.
As “Carnival” hits No. 1 on the Hot Rap Songs chart, it becomes West’s eleventh leader. With one more winner, he breaks out of a tie with both Nicki Minaj and Diddy (or Puff Daddy or P. Diddy, depending on the era). The three artists used to be tied for the third-most rulers in the ranking’s history with 10 apiece, but now the list has changed.
West is now on the same level as Lil Wayne. Both musicians have scored 11 No. 1s on the Hot Rap Songs chart. Either of them could surpass the other at any point, as both stars are constantly releasing new music, and they both remain incredibly popular.
Drake leads all artists with the most No. 1 smashes on the Hot Rap Songs chart. The Canadian hip-hop powerhouse is in a very, very distant first place, and he may never be caught. He’s accrued 29 rulers on the list, which includes sales, streams, and radio airplay to show what rap tunes Americans are consuming each week.
While West may already be one of the most successful artists of all time on that specific tally, some of his collaborators are rejoicing in this early win. “Carnival” marks $ign’s third No. 1 on the Hot Rap Songs chart. The tune is the first leader for both Carti and Kid.
“Carnival” serves as the focus track from West and $ign’s Vultures 1 album. The tune was released three weeks ago, and it became a quick No. 1 on a number of charts. It’s been growing in popularity ever since, and this frame, it rises to a new peak of No. 2 on the Hot 100. The cut is making a play for the top spot on that important tally, but it faces tough competition from Beyoncé’s “Texas Hold ‘Em,” which is in charge at the moment, as well as Benson Boone’s “Beautiful Things” and Teddy Swims’ “Lose Control,” which are also selling well enough to potentially climb to the summit in a few days.