ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
LOS ANGELES, CA - MARCH 27: In this handout photo provided by A.M.P.A.S., Beyoncé performs during ... More the ABC telecast of the 94th Oscars® on Sunday, March 27, 2022 in Los Angeles, California.  (Photo by Mason Poole/A.M.P.A.S. via Getty Images)
Jack Harlow rules the Hot 100 this week with his smash single “Lovin On Me,” which has turned out to be not just one of the quickest hits of his career, but one of the most stable. The tune currently controls the chart for a fifth nonconsecutive frame–out of the 13 it’s spent anywhere on the tally.
It looks like Harlow may continue his winning streak in a few days when Billboard refreshes its charts, though his grip on the Hot 100 is not iron-tight. Whether he earns another turn in the spotlight immediately or not, there will still be a next No. 1 hit–and currently, there are several contenders that are making a play for the top rung on the ranking of the most-consumed songs in the U.S. But which one will win?
Beyoncé dropped not one, but two new singles just after the Super Bowl, much to the surprise of millions. Between the two, “Texas Hold ‘Em” is the most popular, while “16 Carriages” is not performing quite as well. “Texas Hold ‘Em” will likely debut inside the Hot 100’s top 10 in a few days, and it might have a small shot at the highest rung. The real test for the cut will be to see how it performs in its second and third weeks on the chart.
Throughout much of the past tracking week, Beyoncé was in a race with Kanye West and Ty Dolla $ign to see who can debut highest on the Hot 100 next week. The rapper and R&B star–who formed a superduo named ¥$–are looking for a smash with “Carnival,” the standout track from their new collaborative album Vultures 1. For a while, it looked like “Carnival” might open in the runner-up rung on the Hot 100, but now that’s not certain, though a top 10 launch seems to be in the cards.
The first smash from singer-songwriter Teddy Swims, “Lose Control” has been on the rise on the Hot 100 for half a year now. The tune currently sits at No. 2 on the chart, held back only by Harlow. The single has real staying power and is still gaining momentum, and it looks like it could hit No. 1. Whether it does so in a few days or in the coming weeks isn’t clear, but it wouldn’t be odd to see the newcomer land a winner with this track.
Like Swims, Benson Boone is brand new to many people, and his single “Beautiful Things” is helping him become a breakout star. The track broke into the top 10 on the Hot 100 last week, hitting No. 8. Now, it’s up to No. 3 in its third frame on the tally, sitting right behind “Lose Control,” at least for the moment. It could continue its ascent, especially as radio picks up the newcomer, and it may very well be a future champion.