"This expanded role will enable him to strengthen our entire proposition in the region and set a new standard for how we serve the creative community."

													By
												

	Tyler Jenke


Warner Music Group’s Australasian head has expanded his role, the company has announced.

Dan Rosen, who currently serves as President of Warner Music Australasia, has now expanded his role to encompass Warner Chappell Music, lengthening his job title to President, Records And Publishing, Australasia. 

	Per a press release, the move underscores WMG’s commitment to creating a “new, all-encompassing home for artists and songwriters in Australasia” while still preserving each division’s distinct identities.





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Mase Wants Fans to Vote If He Should Attend Diddy's Trial		
	



	05/02/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	





		Explore	

















	
		
					Charli xcx		
					


See latest videos, charts and news



See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	As part of his expanded role, Rosen will report to both Guy Moot, Co-Chair and CEO of Warner Chappell Music, and Simon Robson, President of EMEA, Recorded Music, WMG, who is currently also overseeing the recorded music business in APAC.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	Rosen, who himself began in the music industry on the artistic side as a founding member of the band Second Dan, is described by WMG as an “executive with an outstanding skillset, flexible approach and natural curiosity”. Alongside his intimate knowledge of the publishing business, his newly expanded role will see him growing Warner Chappell Music Australasia’s business as he fosters “a new level of collaboration between the two divisions, and create new opportunities for both artists and songwriters”.

	“I am incredibly excited to take on this expanded role and it is a privilege to passionately and innovatively serve our incredible roster of recording artists and songwriters,” Rosen said of his expanded position. “We are building a truly unique creative powerhouse for the music community in Australasia, by fostering an environment where artists and songwriters are celebrated and empowered to elevate their work to new heights both locally and globally. 

	“The rosters of songwriters at Warner Chappell Music is exceptional, and I look forward to expanding its repertoire and reach across Australasia, positioning it for exciting new growth and opportunities.”

	Outside of music, Rosen is also a qualified lawyer and policy expert who previously served as a senior advisor to the Australian Government and pursued post-graduate studies on a Fulbright Scholarship at New York University. Returning to Australia in 2010, Dan served as CEO of the Australian recording industry’s peak bodies ARIA and PPCA. 

	Taking on the role of Warner Music Australasia President in 2021, his tenure at the company has resulted in significant growth in its domestic and international revenues. Alongside deals with names such as Brad Cox and James Johnson, and championing the careers of Budjerah, Kita Alexander and Oliver Cronin, Rosen has also showcases his dedication to breaking international acts such as Benson Boone, Charli XCX, Fred again.. and Teddy Swims within the region.

	










	His work as a prominent industry figure has also seen Rosen named on Billboard’s prestigious International Power Players List for three consecutively across 2022, 2023, and 2024.

	“Dan’s passion for music, his deep understanding of the industry and his experience across law, policy and artist advocacy, as well as his career as a songwriter, give him a unique skill set to lead both strong, distinctive divisions of recorded music and publishing,” Moot added in a statement. 

	“The Australasian music industry is both dynamic and diverse, and over the last few years we’ve worked hard to grow a frontline roster from scratch – I’m delighted Dan will be building on this with his holistic vision for the region.”

	“Dan has been an exceptional leader for Warner Music Australasia, constantly pushing the envelope and championing the careers of artists and songwriters,” echoed Robson. “This expanded role will enable him to strengthen our entire proposition in the region and set a new standard for how we serve the creative community.”
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.