The best bits of the so-called "Biggest summer party in the UK"

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Highlights of Capital’s Summertime Ball 2024 will air for free on ITV1, ITVX and STV in the UK on Sunday, June 23 at 6.30 p.m. BST. If you’re currently travelling outside of the UK, you’ll want to download a VPN to watch Capital’s Summertime Ball online from anywhere.
Since it arrived kicking and screaming on the (mini) festival scene in 2009, Capital’s Summertime Ball has showcased almost every major pop act to bother the charts since, from Ed Sheehan and Harry Styles to Katy Perry and Taylor Swift.
This year it was the turn of diminutive US singer Sabrina Carpenter, Perrie Edwards and emerging star Benson Boone, with a surprise turn from Natasha Bedingfield. However, it was left to multi-Brit Award winning South London singer Raye to steal the show. 
Read on to find out how to watch the highlights, including sets from the likes of David Guetta, Aitch and Rudimental, from anywhere in the world...
Capital’s Summertime Ball 2024 airs on ITV1 and STV on Sunday, June 23 at 6.30 p.m. BST (1.30 p.m. ET/ 10.30 a.m. PT).
It will also be available to stream on ITVX for FREE at the same time.
ITVX is completely free-to-watch in the UK, live online or on-demand. But viewers do need a valid TV license to enjoy ITV content.
Traveling outside the UK right now?
Use NordVPN to watch Capital’s Summertime Ball 2024 on ITVX from abroad.
Remember you can watch ITVX a number of ways, including on desktop, gaming consoles, via your smartphone or tablet with the app, as well as on most media streamers, including Fire Stick, Roku, and Apple TV.
You can watch Capital’s Summertime Ball for free from the UK, but bear in mind that if you're traveling abroad, you won't be able to watch online or access ITVX as you would back home. 
However, don't be deterred by geo-restrictions which prevent certain services and content from being accessed outside of the UK. You can circumvent geo-blocks by using a VPN, or Virtual Private Network. 
It's completely legal, very affordable and easy to use – and it also encrypts your browsing, offering protection against cybercriminals and government snooping.
Use a VPN to watch Capital’s Summertime Ball online from anywhere...
NordVPN – get the world's best VPN
We regularly review all the biggest and best VPN providers and NordVPN is our #1 choice. It unblocked every streaming service in testing and it's very straightforward to use. Speed, security and 24/7 support available if you need – it's got it all.

The best value plan is the two-year deal which sets the price at $3.99 per month, and includes an extra 3 months absolutely FREE. There's also an all-important 30-day no-quibble refund if you decide it's not for you.
- So, try NordVPN 100% risk-free for 30 days
Using a VPN is as easy as one-two-three...
1. Download and install a VPN - as we say, our top choice is NordVPN
2. Connect to the appropriate server location - open the VPN app, hit 'choose location' and select the appropriate location (a server in the UK in this case)
3. Go to the broadcaster's stream - head to ITVX and start watching Capital’s Summertime Ball as if you were back at home.
There are no plans to show Capital’s Summertime Ball in Australia so if you are Down Under for work or on vacation and don’t want to miss the party, download a VPN and connect to ITVX.
As with Australia, Capital's Summertime Ball will not be available in the US so, if you’re Stateside and don’t want to miss your favourite pop stars playing to 80,000 screaming fans inside Wembley stadium, download a VPN and head to ITVX.
You guessed it... Capital’s Summertime Ball is not on in Canada but there's no need to miss the party. Just purchase a VPN like NordVPN and you can watch geo-restricted content no matter where you are.
Sign up for breaking news, reviews, opinion, top tech deals, and more.
Bill Borrows is an award-winning journalist, feature writer and columnist (Times Magazine/ Guardian/ Telegraph/ Daily Mirror/ Mail On Sunday/ Radio Times), author (The Hurricane: The Turbulent Life and Times of Alex Higgins) and book editor. A frequent contributor on talkSPORT and talkRADIO, his areas of specialisation include sport, history, politics, TV and film. He doesn’t get much free time but does admit to an addiction to true crime podcasts, following Man City home and away, and a weakness for milk chocolate hobnobs.

TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury,
Bath
BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.