CHARLESTON, S.C. (WCSC) - Parts of the Lowcountry are dealing with major flooding after a line of storms brought heavy rain and strong winds along the coast Saturday morning.
The rain and clouds cleared up by the afternoon hours, but the residents are still dealing with the aftermath of the record rainfall.
First Alert Chief Meteorologist Bill Walsh said the Charleston area received record rainfall on Saturday.
There’s still a slight chance for scattered showers or thunderstorms to move through Saturday night and into the overnight hours. But the passage of a cold front makes those chances less likely, according to Walsh.
The City of Charleston has opened several parking garages to provide free storm parking for residents. The following garages will be available to residents:
All cars must be removed by 10 a.m. on Sunday. City officials say parking is only available for vehicles. Boats, trailers and golf carts do not apply.
The Charleston Fire Department said they responded to approximately 29 storm-related calls on Saturday. According to a post on the department’s Facebook page, the calls included 12 incidents that involved sinking vehicles and relocating 13 people from vehicles or flood water, one structural collapse.
Crews have also been working to remove trash and debris from storm drains and roadways.
Charleston County officials, including some from the Charleston Fire Department, are also warning drivers to avoid flooded roads and continue to monitor closures. Flooded roads are a major hazard and even a small misjudgment about how deep the water looks can cost people their vehicles. It is best to limit travel and only travel on open roads wherever possible.
The City of Charleston has now said they will be “installing temporary pumps at key flood-prone streets to mitigate flooding and expedite drainage, minimizing the impact on residents and businesses in affected areas.” Additionally, they have partnered with Dominion Energy to monitor for downed powerlines in the
If you need to report storm damage or drainage issues to the city, click here. 
Events in the area have also been canceled because of flooding.
Sunday’s Palmetto Park Jam at the Palmetto Islands County Park has been canceled. Charleston County Parks officials said there’s still standing water in the meadow from Saturday’s storm. All ticket holders will receive a full refund, and Palmetto Islands County Park will follow its regular operating schedule.
Charleston Wine + Food’s Culinary Village has been canceled on both Saturday and Sunday. All other events are still set to happen.
Willie’s Roadside Market, which was also set to kick off for the season Saturday at Boone Hall Farms, has also been shut down for the day, with opening pushed back to Monday.
Charleston County Public Library says the main library will be closed on Saturday, and the Baxter Patrick James Island Library will have a delayed opening for the weather.
As of 11:20 p.m. Saturday, city officials say the following roads are affected by flooding:
Charleston Police say the following roads are closed because of flooding:
A live list of road closures can be found at this link.
If you see flooding or damage and can safely take a photo, you can upload it here:
Drivers who encounter flooded roads, even if they are not yet closed, should remember, “Turn around, don’t drown” and avoid driving through. Most flood deaths occur in vehicles.
Copyright 2024 WCSC. All rights reserved.