Shazam has now officially surpassed over 100 billion song recognitions since it launched. To help put that into perspective:
“This monumental milestone not only reflects how much people enjoy using Shazam, but also their appetite for new music,” said Oliver Schusser, Apple’s vice president of Apple Music and Beats. “Music discovery is at the core of everything we do, and we keep innovating to make sure music lovers around the world can tap the Shazam button no matter where they hear music playing!”
Shazam launched in 2002 as an SMS service in the UK, and back then, music fans would dial 2580, hold up their phones to identify music, and receive the song name and artist via text message. Shazam’s following and influence continued to grow in the years that followed, but it was the 2008 debut of the App Store and introduction of Shazam’s iOS app that brought its music recognition technology to millions of users. By the summer of 2011, Shazam had already recognized over 1 billion songs.
When Shazam joined the Apple family in 2018, the service was propelled into a new era of tech advances and innovations, offering music fans more and faster ways to discover music than ever before.
Recent innovations include Music Recognition on iOS and macOS, which allows users to quickly identify music around them or within apps — even while using headphones. The latest watchOS update goes a step further by adding Shazam as a widget to the Smart Stack, proactively suggesting music recognition whenever music is detected nearby. For users on the go, the integration of Shazam into the Action button on recent iPhone and Apple Watch models enables music recognition with a simple press-and-hold, making it even easier to name that song. Shazam also enhances the experience of its Android users, with the latest Wear OS update enabling song identification directly from a user’s watch. Plus, Shazam’s Quick Settings tile now offers direct access to users’ history.
Shazam’s ever-growing popularity can also be attributed to its ability to keep on the pulse of music and to capture global music trends and moments, like during this summer’s games in Paris when Kavinsky’s “Nightcall” became the most identified song in one minute. These achievements highlight Shazam’s ongoing commitment to pushing the boundaries of music discovery while connecting over 300 million monthly active users with the artists they love.
Listen to Shazam’s Top 100 Songs of All Time on Apple Music.
( Press Release Image: https://photos.webwire.com/prmedia/8/329984/329984-1.jpg )
WebWireID329984
This news content was configured by WebWire editorial staff. Linking is permitted.
News Release Distribution and Press Release Distribution Services Provided by WebWire.