ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
AUBURN, WASHINGTON - SEPTEMBER 03: (L-R) Benjamin Burnley, Jason Rauch, Shaun Foist, Aaron Bruch, ... More Keith Wallen of Breaking Benjamin pose for a photo during the Pain In The Grass music festival presented by 99.9 KISW at White River Amphitheatre on September 03, 2022 in Auburn, Washington. Breaking Benjamin's new single "Awaken," there first in several years, rises to No. 1 on the U.S. iTunes chart, showing that the band still commands a huge fanbase. (Photo by Mat Hayward/Getty Images)
It’s been years since the world last heard from Breaking Benjamin. The rock band has been fairly quiet since releasing their latest greatest hits compilation, Aurora, in 2020. The group returned in glorious fashion on Wednesday (October 16) with a new single, and their fans wasted no time in making sure it’s another smash.
“Awaken” dropped earlier today, and it’s already become a sizable sales win. The single appears at No. 1 on the U.S. iTunes chart, as of the time of writing.
Breaking Benjamin’s latest song didn’t need much time before it topped iTunes’ ranking of the bestselling tracks in America. Notably, despite Wednesdays usually being a pretty tame when it comes to new releases and exciting stories on the sales list, the band faced some real competition for the highest rung on the tally.
As “Awaken” rules the American iTunes roster, another new arrival misses out on the No. 1 spot—at least at the moment. Kelsea Ballerini’s “First Rodeo” dropped on the same day, but Breaking Benjamin proved too popular to beat, for a time.
At present, the rest of the top 10 on the U.S. iTunes list doesn’t feature any new tracks. The other eight positions are claimed by hit singles that have been selling well for days, weeks, or even months. The grouping includes artists like Lady Gaga and Bruno Mars, Benson Boone, Jelly Roll, and Shaboozey, among others.
“Awaken” may be the first taste of a new album, though, for the moment, the band hasn’t revealed what’s to come. They signed a new deal with BMG not long ago, and this single marks their first piece of music shared via that company…and that move seems to suggest that a complete project is on the way.
Breaking Benjamin last released a proper album in 2018. Ember, the group’s sixth full-length brought them back to the top 10 on the Billboard 200, where it peaked at No. 3. Since then, the rockers have been touring—they’re wrapping a trek with Staind and Daughtry right now—and they found time to share the compilation Aurora, which included a few new tunes as well as many fan favorites.