By 

	Daniel Kreps


	The 2024 Global Citizen Festival took place Saturday in New York’s Central Park, and in addition to performances by Post Malone, Jelly Roll, Doja Cat, and Blackpink’s Lisa, the concert featured a surprise acoustic set by Ed Sheeran and Coldplay’s Chris Martin.

	The duo played four songs together, switching between Coldplay and Sheeran hits: They opened with a rendition of Coldplay’s “Yellow” with Sheeran on lead vocals, then turned Sheeran’s “Shape of You” into a duet.

	Both artists, acoustic guitars in hand, next joined forces for a take on Coldplay’s “Viva la Vida” (complete with Martin making monkey noises as a tribute to Dr. Jane Goodall) before the surprise set — Martin, active with Global Citizen, was previously only announced as a speaker at Saturday’s event, and Sheeran wasn’t included in the lineup at all — concluded with a piano rendition of Sheeran’s “Thinking of You.”

	










	“I’d like to say how impressed I’ve been all day watching you be an incredible audience in the most challenging of circumstances,” Martin told the rain-soaked crowd. 





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	








	“You make our lives so great, and thank you for being here in the rain and giving it your all. And thank you to our young brother, superstar Ed Sheeran. And thank you to Post Malone for letting us open for him. I hope we get the gig.”

	This year’s Global Citizen also featured sets by Raye, Benson Boone and Rauw Alejandro, as well as appearance by host Hugh Jackman, Goodall, Bill Nye, Game of Thrones actor Nikolaj Coster-Waldau, and more.
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.