Manage your account
A beautiful year continues for Benson Boone, as he fires off his debut full-length album, Fireworks & Rollerblades (via Night Street Records/Warner Records).
The Washington-raised singer and songwriter and TikTok standout dropped Fireworks & Rollerblades at the stroke of midnight, a collection that houses his hit single “Beautiful Things,” which has logged five weeks at No. 1 on the Billboard Global 200 chart and Australia’s ARIA Chart, two cycles at No. 1 on the Official U.K. Singles Chart, and has a peak of No. 2 on the Billboard Hot 100.
More from Billboard
Liam Gallagher and John Squire Spin 'I'm A Wheel' For Late-Night TV: Watch
Los Ángeles Azules & Alejandro Fernández Bring 'La Cumbia Triste' to No. 1 on Regional Mexican Airplay
ASM Global Recruits Live Music Veteran Matthew Lazarus-Hall For Venues Content Role
The latest cut from the LP, “Slow It Down,” is on predicted to crack the U.K. top 40, for Boone’s third top tier effort there (2022’s “In The Stars” reached No. 21).
Speaking with Billboard earlier in the year, Boone gave a heads-up on his new material.
“A lot of my stuff in the past has been very piano-based. Obviously, I still have a lot of piano in my songs, but there definitely have been more heavier guitar songs, which I’m very happy about,” he explained. “I love the guitar. But overall, since the last time I released music, my voice has been maturing a lot. My style has been changing just slightly. And I think the songs that I will be releasing in the next couple months are closer to what my future looks like for releasing music. I’m very excited.”
Boone is taking his music to the masses, with a world tour that kicked off this week in Chicago. Next week, he’s booked to appear on NBC’s Today and The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon.
“Man,” he told Billboard, “all I’ve been thinking about is the tour, and I’ll be going some places that I’ve never been before. But after the tour, and after all the shows, I’m really looking forward to just being with my friends. I think we’re gonna go on a trip to Greece and have two weeks and just live my life.”
When he’s not collecting chart crowns, he’s been winning plaudits from broadcasters and DSPs. Earlier in 2024, iHeartRadio tapped him an “On The Verge Artist,” and last year, he was names an Amazon Music Breakthrough Artist and MTV’s Global PUSH Artist for October.
Stream Fireworks & Rollerblades below.
Best of Billboard
Janet Jackson's Biggest Billboard Hot 100 Hits
H.E.R. & Chris Brown 'Come Through' to No. 1 on Adult R&B Airplay Chart
Anne Wilson's 'I Still Believe in Christmas' Crowns Christian Airplay Chart