VCU lab investigates vapes, CBD products; Joe’s Inn recognized as ‘iconic;’ Anderson’s tv cooking challenge 
Thrash metal band Megadeth said a damaged steel grid system at Virginia Credit Union Live! was the reason for its canceled local performance on Sunday, Sept. 15.
But Virginia Credit Union Live! said there is no damage to the venue’s grid.
“The scheduled Megadeth concert was impacted due to a suspected production issue that required cancellation,” Virginia Credit Union Live! said in a statement. “Upon further inspection, there were no safety concerns or damage found to the venue’s grid.”
Back-to-back cancellations appear to have sparked a war of words between aging rockers Megadeth and Peter Frampton, who was scheduled to perform Virginia Credit Union Live! on Tuesday, Sept. 17, and whose show was also suddenly cancelled.
Megadeth
Frampton allegedly blamed the cancellation on Megadeth’s soundcheck, according to Blabbermouth.net, a website dedicated to heavy metal and hard rock news.
The website said Frampton told a crowd at his performance in Philadelphia: “So, we had a show canceled the other day because of weather. And also Megadeth did a soundcheck, I think a couple of days before our show, and after they finished their soundcheck, there was structural damage to the stage. I’m not blaming them — could have been another band — but it looks pretty like it. So, sorry, Megadeth. I had to rat on you.”
Megadeth released the following statement as the reason for the closure:
“Megadeth’s rigger was in the venue’s steel grid system above the stage getting ready to hang the lights when he noticed there was damage to the venue’s grid. He pointed this out immediately to the promoters and the venue.
“It was determined that it was unsafe for Megadeth to hang their production or put the band on stage at the risk of in-house grid failure to support the weight of the touring lighting and sound which could fall on the band, crew members, or audience, as it could cause serious injury or death. Therefore, Megadeth, the local promoter, the venue, and booking agents had no other option than to cancel the show,” the statement read.
The band said it was releasing the statement due to misinformation Frampton was supposedly spreading about the cancellation.
“It seems Frampton was misinformed” about our show being canceled, Megadeth’s Dave Mustaine said in the statement. “The decision was purely based on safety. It’s disappointing when someone you admire talks out their ass about you.”
Virginia Credit Union Live! said, “We are grateful to Megadeth for reporting a suspected issue out of an abundance of caution. The Peter Frampton concert was canceled due to the time to properly inspect the grid and expected inclement weather.”
The next scheduled performance at VACU Live! is Christian worship singer Brandon Lake on Oct. 18, followed by singer Benson Boone on Oct. 19. “We look forward to welcoming fans back as we complete our concert season next month with two stellar concerts,” the venue said in a statement.
Right: Heidi Reid cheers in the front row of Sumbuck at Iron Blossom on Saturday.
Taylor Meier performs with Sumbuck at Iron Blossom in Richmond on Saturday. Meier’s other band, CAAMP, is one of the reader suggestions of bands that should play at the Allianz Amphitheater.
People sit on the lawn and listen to music during Iron Blossom at the Bon Secours Training Center in Richmond on Sept. 21.
Claire Squadron dances in the front row of Sumbuck during the Iron Blossom Music Festival at the Bon Secours Training Center in Richmond on Saturday.
People sit around the Iron Blossom sign at the training center in Richmond on Saturday during the second installment of the music festival.
VCU lab investigates vapes, CBD products; Joe’s Inn recognized as ‘iconic;’ Anderson’s tv cooking challenge 
Richmond rock fans were left disappointed after two concert cancellations at Virginia Credit Union Live! at the Richmond Raceway.
The Richmond Folk Festival is being held two weeks early this year to avoid falling on Yom Kippur.
Iron Blossom cemented itself as a new staple of Richmond’s cultural scene in its second annual installment. 
The Thevathasan family from Richmond will appear on "Family Feud" on Tuesday.
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.