ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
Journey at the Rosemont Horizon in Rosemont, Illinois, June 12, 1983. (Photo by Paul Natkin/Getty ... More Images)
Journey already ranks as one of the most commercially successful rock bands of all time. They have a slew of massive hits and bestselling albums to thank for this position, and even after decades together, they’re still performing and appealing to their fans.
This week, the group reaches a Billboard chart they’ve never appeared on before, and they hit the tally thanks, perhaps in part, to the fact that they’re still reaching new—and young—listeners after all this time.
“Separate Ways (Worlds Apart)” by Journey debuts on this week’s edition of the TikTok Billboard Top 50 chart. The ranking tracks the most popular songs on TikTok, based on a number of usage metrics that are specific to the platform.
This week, “Separate Ways (Worlds Apart)” debuts at No. 40 on the 50-spot TikTok Billboard Top 50 chart. The tune marks Journey’s first placement on the tally. While they’re still incredibly popular, the ranking is relatively new–only a few months old at this point–so it makes sense that many legends have yet to place on the list, or are only doing so for the first time now.
The version of “Separate Ways (Worlds Apart)” that reaches Billboard’s TikTok-exclusive tally is not the one that many longtime lovers of Journey are probably familiar with. This latest take is a remix credited to Bryce Miller/Alloy Tracks. The remix was featured on the fourth soundtrack from the Stranger Things franchise. That album arrived in mid-2022, but Journey’s “Separate Ways (Worlds Apart)” is only just now becoming a TikTok hit.
“Separate Ways (Worlds Apart)” was released as a single back in 1983. It served as the lead cut from Journey’s album Frontiers. The original song became one of the band’s most recognizable hits, peaking at No. 8 on the Hot 100.
Journey earns one of 22 debuts on this week’s TikTok Billboard Top 50 chart. That’s a huge sum for a ranking that includes just 50 spaces, and what’s more, is they all come from different artists. The ‘80s rock favorites join with fellow musicians like Megan Thee Stallion, Partynextdoor, 21 Savage, and Benson Boone, who all collect new hits as well.