ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA - FEBRUARY 05: Beyoncé accepts Best Dance/Electronic Music Album for ... More “Renaissance” onstage during the 65th GRAMMY Awards at Crypto.com Arena on February 05, 2023 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Michael Kovac/Getty Images for The Recording Academy )
About a month ago, Beyoncé shocked the world by dropping not one, but two new songs. Both “Texas Hold ‘Em” and “16 Carriages” were released just after the Super Bowl, and many fans were not ready for the sonic direction she’s chosen for this new chapter. This time around, Bey has gone country, and while that was certainly a gamble, it’s paid off brilliantly.
In the U.K., “Texas Hold ‘Em” holds at No. 1 on the country’s singles chart. The tune has now led the charge in that nation for four consecutive frames. While it looks like Beyoncé may be forced to step aside in a few days, she’s already landed one of the biggest hits of her career with one of her most unlikely smashes.
As “Texas Hold ‘Em” rules again, it’s become the longest-charting No. 1 hit of Beyoncé’s career in the U.K. Before this frame, none of her singles had ever controlled the competitive songs tally for more than three turns.
Two tracks by Beyoncé used to be tied for the honor of being her longest-running No. 1 in the U.K., but now “Texas Hold ‘Em” has beaten them both. “Crazy In Love” (which doesn’t appear to credit Jay-Z in that country) and “Beautiful Liar” with Shakira both topped the singles list for three frames before descending.
One of Beyoncé’s singles, “Telephone” with Lady Gaga, managed two weeks at No. 1 in the U.K. That was back in 2009, and until last month, that electro-pop smash held as her most recent winner in the country.
Beyoncé has sent a total of six songs to the summit in the U.K., including her latest. Both “Deja Vu” and “If I Were A Boy” hit No. 1 and then immediately turned around, only collecting one frame atop the roster of the most-consumed and most successful tracks in the country.
In a few days, when the Official Charts Company refreshes its rankings, there’s a good chance that “Texas Hold ‘Em” will be forced off the throne. It currently faces tough competition from the likes of Benson Boone’s “Beautiful Things” and a rock supergroup fronted by Mark Knopfler.
“Texas Hold ‘Em” was a quick hit for Beyoncé all around the world, but it wasn’t an instant No. 1. The country single opened at No. 9 in the U.K. before rising to the top spot. It has now spent a month inside the top 10, and even if it does begin to decline, it will likely be able to rack up more frames in the area.