A number of huge stars picked up gongs at last night's MTV Awards held in Manchester. The star-studded event, which took place at Co-op Live saw Taylor Swift, Ariana Grande and Tyla all scoop awards.
The spectacular awards ceremony hosted for a third time by Rita Ora saw huge performances from Pet Shop Boys, Le Sserafim, Shawn Mendes and Benson Boone. A number of British acts were nominated including Raye, who took home 'Best UK and Ireland Act'.
Closer to home, Manchester music legend, Liam Gallagher picked up the award for 'Best Rock'. He beat out Bon Jovi, Coldplay, Greenday, Kings of Leon, Lenny Kravitz and The Killers.
READ MORE: MTV EMAs 2024: Full list of winners as Taylor Swift, Ariana Grande, Tyla and Liam Gallagher scoop awards
Though he won the award last night he wasn't there in person to receive it. While he's recently played Co-op Live, his last live performance was at Anthony Joshua's all-British IBF heavyweight world title fight against Daniel Dubois in September.
This morning, the Oasis musician shared a post on social media, thanking his fans for voting. Taking to X, formerly Twitter, Liam wrote: Thanks to everyone who voted for us last night much appreciated you are the best i love and adore you LG x."
As has been customary for the Oasis frontman, the tweet sparked some interaction with his fans with many congratulating the star on the win. One wrote: "Well deserved mate, I'll buy you a pint. Hope u ready for Heaton Park gonna be epic."
Meanwhile, and seemingly not rising to the bait when one told him it 'was fixed', he simply responded, 'there’s always 1 cheer up Rkid'.
However, he didn't see the funny side yesterday morning (November 10) when responding to fans suggesting that he and his brother Noel may not be as good as they once were when it comes to their huge run of Oasis reunion shows next year.
In an update yesterday morning, Gallagher, 52, wrote how he was asked by a fan if they are 'gonna be as good as you once were' due to the instances of other reformed bands failing to capture the magic when reuniting.
The tweet in full read: "Got asked a ridiculous question yesterday so are OASIS gonna be as good as you once were because when sone (sic) bands get back together there not as good I said listen here you C**T even on our bad day we’ll still wipe the floor with majority of bands out there BUMBACLART LG X."
Just this last week, the Manchester legends announced that a string of new dates will be added to their ever-growing reunion world tour in 2025. The band led by brothers Liam and Noel Gallagher will play five stadium shows in South America.
The newly announced gigs takes the Oasis Live 2025 world touring schedule to a staggering 38 dates between July and November. There has been a huge global response since the brothers announced their return in explosive fashion at the end of the summer.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.