Kendrick Lamar's 'Not Like Us' is the Compton-born rapper's longest-running No. 1 single as a solo act.

								By 

	Thania Garcia


Kendrick Lamar‘s “Not Like Us” is back in charge of the Billboard Hot 100 songs chart for a second non-consecutive week. 

	The fiery rap track reappears at No. 1 on the list following the July 4 premiere of its West Coast-inspired music video. Not only that, Lamar also recently performed the song six times at his “The Pop Out” concert in his native Los Angeles, where a team of musicians — including Dr. Dre, YG, Tyler the Creator, Schoolboy Q and more — showed up to support the cause. 

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					Celtics Sale Shows Media’s New Pot of Gold: Sports Teams as Mega-Brands 		
			














	
		
					'The Two Popes' Viewing Surged 30-Fold After Pope Francis' Death, Netflix Says		
			








	The song is the prevailing single to come out of the beef between Lamar and Drake. It originally debuted at No. 1 in May for a week, and spent the following eight weeks in the Top 10. This week, “Not Like Us” earns Lamar his first multi-week Hot 100 No. 1 as a solo artist thanks to 54 million streams and 40 million radio airplay audience impressions. 




			Popular on Variety		






	Shaboozey’s “A Bar Song (Tipsy)” slips to No. 2 after leading the previous list. The country single, which interpolates J-Kwon’s 2009 single, “Tipsy,” became the first song by Black male artist to simultaneously top the Hot 100 and Hot Country Songs charts. Elsewhere, Post Malone’s “I Had Some Help,” featuring Morgan Wallen, moves to No. 3.

VIP+ Analysis: Streaming Data on Rap’s ‘Big Three’ Proves 2024 Is the Year of the Rap Beef 

	Wallen re-emerges in the Top 10 with the No. 7 debut of “Lies Lies Lies.” The song originally appeared as a part of Wallen’s Abbey Road Sessions digital series, but is in the Top 10 for the first time following its release as a single on streaming. It arrives at No. 7 with 27 million streams and nearly 5 million airplay audience impressions. 

	The remainder of the Top 10 is filled out by repeats: Tommy Richman’s “Million Dollar Baby” is at No. 4; Sabrina Carpenter’s “Espresso” is at No. 5, and her “Please Please Please” remains at No. 6;  Hozier’s “Too Sweet” is at No. 8; Benson Boone’s “Beautiful Things” is at No. 9 and Teddy Swims’ “Lose Control” rounds it out at No. 10.
The Business of Entertainment