US singer Noah Kahan has beaten the likes of Taylor Swift and Beyonce to see his Stick Season named the UK’s biggest song of 2024 so far, according to the Official Charts Company.
Swift’s The Tortured Poets Department was named as the UK’s biggest album of the year so far, after spending eight non-consecutive weeks at number one having shifted 667,500 chart units, the LP is both the most-streamed and best-selling album of 2024.
It has also sold 265,000 physical copies.
Kahan, whose Stick Season has racked up 1.7 million chart units, faces competition from the likes of Chappell Roan, Sabrina Carpenter, Benson Boone and Hozier for the end of year accolade, however.
Boone’s Beautiful Things follows closely behind in number two, Teddy Swims’ Lose Control sits in third position, while Carpenter’s Espresso, the UK’s official song of the summer, is in number four, in fifth place is Hozier’s two-week number one Too Sweet.
Kahan’s single was initially released in 2022 to moderate success in the UK at the time, before viral posts on TikTok and a BBC Radio 1 Live Lounge cover by Olivia Rodrigo saw it soar to the top of the charts this year.
Swift is trailed by The Weeknd’s The Highlights in number two, Kahan’s Stick Season album in third position, Billie Eilish’s Hit Me Hard And Soft in number four, and Olivia Rodrigo’s Guts in fifth.
Despite being released in 2023, Chappell Roan’s The Rise and Fall Of A Midwest Princess has entered the list for the first time in at number 12, making it the biggest debut album of 2023 so far.
Despite being one of the most talked about records of the year, Charli XCX’s Brat is currently only in at number 20 on the year so far list, while Oasis’s reunion has seen their Time Flies – 1994-2009 compilation reach number seven.
Country songs have also seen a chart resurgence with A Bar Song (Tipsy) by Shaboozey up eight places since June to number six, Dasha’s Austin coming in at seven, up six places, and Beyonce’s Texas Hold ‘Em in number eight.

                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.