The Rolling Stones, here performing the release of their new album, "Hackney Diamonds," in October 2023 in New York, come to Lumen Field May 15. (Evan Agostini / Invision / AP)
From the Monroe kid currently sweeping the pop charts to enduring rock giants, these are the hottest concerts hitting the Seattle area in the coming weeks.
The Seattle indie-rock pillars returned last month with their fifth album, “Live Laugh Love,” released through trusted hometown label Suicide Squeeze. The winking title — a slogan one might expect to find stitched on a throw pillow in a wine-country Airbnb — belies the weight of the quartet’s pensive material, adding a dash of levity to songs you can put on like a wool blanket on a Juneuary Seattle day. Peel Dream Magazine and Black Ends open.
8 p.m. April 18; Crocodile, 2505 First Ave., Seattle; $25; 21 and older; thecrocodile.com
Some fans grumbled last year when the steadily ascending Cody Johnson — who's brought a little grit and grease to country’s mainstream — was revealed as a 2023 Watershed headliner. But anyone familiar with the fiddle-friendly dynamo who's getting his due with his latest "Leather" LP knows Johnson is one of the best performers in the biz. Saddle up for this one, country fans.
7:30 p.m. April 27; Tacoma Dome, 2727 E. D St., Tacoma; tickets start at $55; tacomadome.org
The world’s a different place than it was when Justin Timberlake was at the center of the pop universe, and the historical narrative hasn’t been the kindest to the once-cornrowed prince of pop. Released in March, JT’s new album, “Everything I Thought It Was,” is his second straight release to be greeted with critical shrugs after 2018’s disjointed “Man of the Woods.” Nevertheless, the tepid reception hasn’t hampered the stage-proven song-and-dance man’s ability to move concert tickets, as evidenced by his two nearly sold-out Seattle dates along his Forget Tomorrow World Tour.
7:30 p.m. May 2-3; Climate Pledge Arena, 334 First Ave. N., Seattle; $70.50-$1,805.50; climatepledgearena.com
Monroe-raised singer and songwriter Benson Boone briefly appeared on “American Idol” in 2021, impressing judge Katy Perry before backing out to pursue music through other means. Smart move. The former Brigham Young University student who first gained steam on TikTok has since signed with Imagine Dragons singer Dan Reynolds’ label and is currently amid his pop-star blowup. January’s stomp-rocking folk-pop anthem “Beautiful Things” is currently one of the biggest songs in America, transitioning Boone from viral star with an undeniable voice to a legitimate hitmaker. A month after releasing his debut album, “Fireworks & Rollerblades,” Boone returns to his home state for the second-to-last stop of his sold-out tour. The next time he returns, it’ll certainly be at a larger venue.
8 p.m. May 3; Showbox SoDo, 1700 First Ave. S., Seattle; sold out, showboxpresents.com
Outdoor concert season gets off to an ambitiously early start in Auburn this year when Atlanta rapper 21 Savage arrives at White River Amphitheatre. The typically stoic emcee dropped the first heavyweight rap album of the year, January’s reflective “American Dream,” yielding the fleet trap anthem “Redrum” — one of the biggest hip-hop songs of the young year. With fellow Atlanta star J.I.D., Nardo Wick and 21 Lil Harold.
7 p.m. May 3; White River Amphitheatre, 40601 Auburn Enumclaw Road, Auburn; tickets start at $41.30; livenation.com
These U.K. bruisers have been at the forefront of a post-punk renaissance coming out of the British Isles, a movement with an impressively long tail. Thanks in part to KEXP, Idles have been particularly well-received in Seattle, dating back to their sophomore breakout “Joy as an Act of Resistance,” which combined hardcore sonics and ethos with progressive politics and steely post-punk. February’s palette-expanding “TANGK” LP, co-produced with hip-hop beatsmith Kenny Beats and Radiohead producer/collaborator Nigel Godrich, bears the mark of a band refusing to be pigeonholed. Protomartyr opens.
7 p.m. May 7-8; Paramount Theatre, 911 Pine St., Seattle; sold out; stgpresents.org
Twelve years after first turning heads on “The Voice,” alt-pop star Melanie Martinez has become a bona fide arena headliner with a horror/sci-fi fairy tale aesthetic and sensibility. Despite Martinez’s Team Adam origins, Martinez’s major label-backed rise feels like an outsider incursion, arriving like a stitch doll made from pieces of Bjork, Grimes and early Billie Eilish. Her Seattle stop kicks off her new Trilogy Tour, feting her three albums, including last year’s “Portals.” Men I Trust and Beach Bunny open.
7 p.m. May 10; Climate Pledge Arena, 334 First Ave. N., Seattle; limited remaining tickets start at $400.50; climatepledgearena.com
It’s been six long years and one U.S. Supreme Court case since these Seattle stalwarts released their self-titled debut. While Thunderpussy has maintained their PNW presence over the years, delivering a steamy Bumbershoot set last summer, the '70s-indebted rockers nearly called it quits before being invited to tour with hometown heroes Alice in Chains. Now, they’re gearing up to unleash their long-awaited sophomore album, “West,” in grand fashion: playing a release show with the Seattle Symphony.
8 p.m. May 10; Benaroya Hall, 200 University St., Seattle; $50-$145; seattlesymphony.org
Mortality finally caught up with the world’s most indestructible rock band when drummer Charlie Watts, the Stones’ steadying presence both musically and personality-wise, died in 2021. Whether it was a renewed sense of urgency from losing their longtime mate or working with superproducer Andrew Watt, who’s carved a niche helping legacy rockers rekindle some late-career magic, the Stones responded with 2023’s “Hackney Diamonds” — widely considered their finest album since 1981’s “Tattoo You.” This Lumen Field date will be the rock icons’ first Seattle show with Watts-approved successor Steve Jordan, who played in Keith Richards’ side band The X-Pensive Winos.
8 p.m. May 15; Lumen Field, 800 Occidental Ave. S., Seattle; tickets start at $64.50; lumenfield.com
Since touring around their last album — 2017 comeback record “American Dream” — wrapped up six years ago, the reunited dance-punk deities have maintained their post-“breakup” demand, popping up for various festival dates and limited-run residencies. Rather than pack Climate Pledge Arena for their first Seattle show in years, James Mercer and the gang will set up for a more intimate four-night run at the Paramount Theatre. Seattle is one of just five U.S. cities on the New York electro-rock band’s brief spring tour. The Friday-Saturday shows are sold out, but limited demand-priced tickets remain for Thursday and Sunday.
8 p.m. May 16-19; Paramount Theatre, 911 Pine St., Seattle; $150; stgpresents.org

            Journalists at the Yakima Herald-Republic bring you timely, in-depth and credible local news.
            Your generous donation supports their work.
        
Please select all the ways you would like to hear from us:
You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the link in the footer of our emails. For information about our privacy practices, please visit our website.
We use Mailchimp as our marketing platform. By clicking below to subscribe, you acknowledge that your information will be transferred to Mailchimp for processing. Learn more about Mailchimp's privacy practices here.
Please select all the ways you would like to hear from us:
You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the link in the footer of our emails. For information about our privacy practices, please visit our website.
We use Mailchimp as our marketing platform. By clicking below to subscribe, you acknowledge that your information will be transferred to Mailchimp for processing. Learn more about Mailchimp's privacy practices here.
The Yakima Herald-Republic is hiring.
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers:

                    Sign up to receive news and updates from this site directly to your desktop.
                

                    Click on the bell icon to manage your notifications at any time.
                
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.