Pearl Jam performs at Climate Pledge Arena Tuesday, May 28, 2024 in Seattle. (Jennifer Buchanan / The Seattle Times)
It’s already been a big year for Seattle’s biggest band. This spring, Pearl Jam released their well-received 12th studio album “Dark Matter,” with a new-look world tour to follow. All that fanfare and critical positivity for the Seattle rock giants has carried over into recognition from their peers, earning their first Grammy nominations as a band in 14 years.
As the big-category Grammy nominations were announced during a Friday morning livestream ceremony, Pearl Jam quickly picked up three nods, including best rock album.
The title track, “Dark Matter,” is also up for best rock performance and best rock song.
The Grammy nominations are Pearl Jam’s first since 2009’s “Backspacer” scored a best rock album nod.
With the recording sessions helmed by hotshot producer and Pearl Jam superfan Andrew Watt – who produced The Rolling Stones’ “Hackney Diamonds,” also up for best rock album – many of the songs were hashed out in quick-paced sessions with all the band members in the same room.
“We’re all musical adventurers,” Gossard said earlier this year. “Everyone in the band wants to get into that moment of creativity and to be part of something that has that sort of magic and that feeling that transcends reality in some way.”
Pearl Jam aren’t the only Washingtonians to pick up a high-profile nod this morning. Monroe-raised Benson Boone is unsurprisingly nominated for best new artist. The singer-songwriter has had a monster breakout year, thanks to his smash hit “Beautiful Things,” which was at one point the biggest song in America by someone not named Taylor Swift.
In May, the back-flipping showman opened one of Swift’s London concerts at fabled Wembley Stadium, easily the biggest gig of Boone’s young career.
“Beautiful Things” might be his life-altering smash. But at a sold-out homecoming date at Showbox SoDo in May, fans already knew all the words to every song on his then month-old album, “Fireworks & Rollerblades.” An elite balladeer with stylistic range, Boone made like a seasoned pop-soul troubadour at times during the show, delivering soaring folk-pop anthems like “My Greatest Fear” and his cathartic new single “Pretty Slowly” alongside glistening pop rockers like “Be Someone.”
Another Washington-raised breakout, known as The Dare, had a hand in one of pop’s big things. The dance-punk producer and indie sleaze revivalist co-produced Charli XCX hit “Guess,” featuring fellow left-field pop heroine Billie Eilish, which is up for best pop duo/group performance. The real-life Harrison Patrick Smith grew up in Woodinville, playing around the Pacific Northwest as Turtlenecked while attending Lewis & Clark College in Portland. Smith later moved to NYC where’s he’s become a suit-and-tied nightlife sensation, catching the club-attuned ear of Charli XCX.
Elsewhere, revered jazz guitarist Bill Frisell landed two nominations, including best contemporary instrumental album for this year’s “Orchestras (Live),” recorded with the Brussels Philharmonic and the Umbria Jazz Orchestra. Frisell, who lived in the Seattle area for roughly three decades before moving back to New York in 2017, is also nominated for his work on trumpet star Ambrose Akinmusire’s “Owl Song” (best jazz instrumental album).
The music industry is deep into the streaming era, but the Recording Academy still thankfully recognizes the behind-the-scenes players who put together beautiful physical media packages. Nirvana’s final masterpiece “In Utero” recently received a mammoth box set reissue to mark the album’s 30th anniversary and art directors Doug Cunningham and Jason Noto of NYC-based design studio Morning Breath earned a nod for best boxed or special limited edition package.
This is a developing story. Check back for updates.

            Journalists at the Yakima Herald-Republic bring you timely, in-depth and credible local news.
            Your generous donation supports their work.
        
Please select all the ways you would like to hear from us:
You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the link in the footer of our emails. For information about our privacy practices, please visit our website.
We use Mailchimp as our marketing platform. By clicking below to subscribe, you acknowledge that your information will be transferred to Mailchimp for processing. Learn more about Mailchimp's privacy practices here.
Please select all the ways you would like to hear from us:
You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the link in the footer of our emails. For information about our privacy practices, please visit our website.
We use Mailchimp as our marketing platform. By clicking below to subscribe, you acknowledge that your information will be transferred to Mailchimp for processing. Learn more about Mailchimp's privacy practices here.
The Yakima Herald-Republic is hiring.
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers:

                    Sign up to receive news and updates from this site directly to your desktop.
                

                    Click on the bell icon to manage your notifications at any time.
                
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.