Taylor Swift and Jack Harlow reign again on Australia's charts.

													By
												

	Lars Brandle


Taylor Swift is back on Australia‘s chart throne, as 1989 (Taylor’s Version) returns to the summit. 

	The best-selling album for 2023 in Australia, according to trade body ARIA, 1989 (Taylor’s Version) racks up its 12th non-consecutive week at the top of the ARIA Albums Chart, published Friday, Jan. 26.  

21 Savage’s American Dream last week bumped Swift’s re-recorded LP from top spot. But the dream didn’t last. Savage’s set dips 1-7, as Swift moves back to the top, 2-1, on the latest tally.





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Mase Wants Fans to Vote If He Should Attend Diddy's Trial		
	



	05/02/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					21 Savage		
					






















	
		
					Benson Boone		
					






















	
		
					Dom Dolla		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

1989 (Taylor’s Version) is one of four TayTay albums in the top 10. With the start of the U.S. pop superstar’s The Eras Tour of Australia less than a month away, expect Swifties to keep her music at or near the top of the albums chart. 

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	The top debut this week belongs to Green Day with Saviors, arriving at No. 2. The U.S. pop-punk trio’s 14th and latest studio album becomes their 12th top 10 album in these parts. The Rock Hall-inducted Bay Area band has topped the ARIA Chart on three occasions, with Dookie (1994), American Idiot (2004) and Father Of All Motherf—ers (2020).

Noah Kahan makes a move on both main Australian charts with Stick Season and its title track. The U.S.  singer and songwriter’s album lifts 10-6, for a new peak, while “Stick Season” improves 3-2, also a new high on the ARIA Singles Chart. Further down the singles tally, a new version of the album track “Homesick,” featuring English singer Sam Fender, bows at No. 57.

	At the top of the ARIA Singles Chart is Jack Harlow’s “Lovin On Me,” which enters a 10th non-consecutive week at No. 1, ahead of “Stick Season” and Tate McRae’s “Greedy” (up 4-3), respectively.

	The Saltburn bump can be felt on the singles chart as Sophie Ellis-Bextor‘s 2001 hit “Murder On The Dancefloor” gains 12-7. The single, which is synced to the dark drama, peaked at No. 3 following its initial release.

	U.S. singer and TikTok star Benson Boone bags a career high with “Beautiful Things,” new at No. 18, besting the No. 34 peak for his 2022 single “In The Stars.”

	Finally, homegrown EDM DJ and producer Dom Dolla cracks the top 50 with “Saving Up.” The reigning ARIA Award-winner for best dance release, Dolla’s latest release starts at No. 44. 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.