Virgin Radio
2 May 2024, 13:20
Credit: Rex / YouTube (@BensonBoone)
Benson Boone has opened up about the real relationship that was behind his smash-hit single Beautiful Things. 
The American Idol alumni hit the top of the UK charts with his heartbreaking track for two weeks in March, and is still holding strong in the top 10. 
Following the song’s incredible success, Benson sat down with Billboard to go through what inspired the track, and given the intensity of the ballad, it’s no surprise to hear heartache from a real relationship is at the very core.
He told the publication: “It was inspired by a relationship that I had just gotten into — for the first time in my life, I felt like I was extremely out of control of the way this relationship would turn out. 
“Meaning like, in the past, I feel like I’ve always known that I could be the one to end a relationship. This one felt very different. It was the first time that I’d really been actually, genuinely terrified to lose something.”
Boone had Beautiful Things tucked away for a little while before deciding to record it, and like many other major hits, the flurry of inspiration came to the singer-songwriter in the middle of the night. 
Benson added: “I wrote it on my piano September 29th. I’d just moved to L.A., and I’d moved my grandma’s old piano up to my living room. I couldn’t sleep one night, and I didn’t know what to do, so I came downstairs and started playing the piano. 
“That’s when I wrote the melodies for Beautiful Things.The next day I had a session, and I took it into the studio. “
Benson first came to the public attention after competing on American Idol in 2021, but after he started posting his music on TikTok, he decided to leave the show after making it through the Hollywood Week rounds. 
Following his audition, pop star Katy Perry, who was a judge on the show, told Benson: "I see you winning American Idol if you want."
Despite being tipped to win the whole thing and indeed making it to the Top 24, Boone quit the show before it reached its conclusion.
Listen to Benson Boone on Virgin Radio UK and Virgin Radio Chilled.
Advertisement
The best-paid comedians in the UK have been revealed in a new top ten list, which features some big...
Bruno Tonioli gets the boot from Britain's Got Talent, but is Alan Carr stepping in?
Poor Alan Carr. His darling Irish red Setter Bev has passed away after he and ex partner Paul...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK on your laptop or desktop computer?
Have you got an Amazon Echo or Google Home device? Listen to Virgin Radio UK by asking your speaker...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK but need to go out and about? Take us with you with the Virgin...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK on your laptop or desktop computer?
Have you got an Amazon Echo or Google Home device? Listen to Virgin Radio UK by asking your speaker...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK but need to go out and about? Take us with you with the Virgin...
Advertisement
© 2025 News UK Broadcasting Ltd. Our 
 and 
 are applicable to you. All rights reserved. VIRGIN and the VIRGIN signature logo are registered trademarks of Virgin Enterprises Limited and are used under licence. For more information on Virgin Radio International visit