A Strictly Come Dancing star is said to not be 'giving his all' to the competition, according to an expert, while a 'firecracker' of a celebrity appears to be struggling with 'trust'.
Week one of the 2024 series took place on Saturday night (September 21) with all 15 of the new Strictly couples performing together for the first time.
As well as performing live for the first time, they were also critiqued by the judges - Craig Revel Horwood, Motsi Mabuse, Shirley Ballas and Craig Revel Horwood - and scored based on what they did on the dancefloor in front of the live studio audience and millions watching at home.
READ MORE: BBC Strictly Come Dancing's Vito Coppola defended by fans over 'ditching' Ellie Leach with Sarah Hadland move
While there was no dance-off or elimination in week one, the scores did create a leaderboard which will be carried into week two when the voting lines open for fans to support their favourites before the first exit of the 20th anniversary series.
JLS star JB Gill and Amy Dowden are topping the scoring so far after their first performance, the pair were awarded 31 points by the judges for their waltz to When I Need You by singer Leo Sayer. They were closely following by Tasha Ghouri and Aljaz Skorjanec and Sarah Hadland and Vito Coppola with 30 points out of a possible 40 each.
Now, body language and behavioural expert Darren Stanton has revealed his bottom two picks following the first weekend in the ballroom and ahead of the first elimination of the series.
Speaking on behalf of Betfair Bingo, Darren said the connection and dynamic between bottom-placed Toyah and Neil 'is just not there' as he explained: "As predicted, I think Toyah Willcox is one of the weakest. She has come out as this little firecracker, but at the end of the day, no amount of mentoring or determination can change the fact that the competition this year is extremely strong.
"The connection and dynamic is just not there for me, I think that goes a long way for their overall performance. I don’t see the trust being there for Toyah to just let go, I think she wants to keep control of the situation. To be successful in this competition, you have to give yourself over to the process - but I don’t think she is comfortable doing that just yet."
Meanwhile, EastEnders star Jamie Borthwick, who performed a Viennese Waltz to Benson Boone's Beautiful Things, with his professional dance partner Michelle Tsiakkas, showed nerves in the ballroom, despite winning the Christmas special back in December.
While the routine scored them 23 points from the judges, and left them in the middle of leaderboard, Darren commented: "Jamie is one of the other weakest. I think he tries to cover his nerves with humour and sarcasm. I don’t feel these two have a great connection, I don’t really see it.
"There’s a bit of bravado there, but that’s part of his nature perhaps as an actor. I do fear he’s not willing to give his all to the process and that affects the relationship dynamic and body language, as well as feeling comfortable doing certain things. I don’t think the connection with Michelle is as strong. We aren’t seeing matching and mirroring or tactile moments."
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.