One of the earliest signifiers that the end is nigh (of the year, that is) is when the major music streaming services start releasing their fun and interactive lists of all your listening stats for the year. Spotify has its annual Wrapped (arguably the most popular), Amazon Music has its Delivered, and Apple Music has its Replay 2024, which was released to its subscribers today.
I’m not trying to be cheeky — I actually love these year-end roundups that offer a personalized and detailed data-driven account of the artists, albums, songs, playlists, genres, and stations that each user has listened to over the course of the year. But it doesn’t stop there, as the major streaming player also compiles a year-end list of top-ranked music globally that includes cool stats such as most-played songs, albums, and artists of the year, as well as some fun additions like most Shazam-ed songs (Apple owns the music identification service) and most-read lyrics.
“2024 was a historic year across the board, as more women reached the year-end global songs chart than ever, global genres soared to new heights, and many of the top ranks went to artists who had never made the year-end charts before,” a press release from Apple Music stated.
Big winners of the year include Kendrick Lamar, who scored the No. 1 global song of the year with Not Like Us, immediately followed by Benson Boone’s Beautiful Things and Sabrina Carpenter’s Espresso. Apple Music’s top album of the year goes to (like you had to ask) Taylor Swift’s Tortured Poet’s Department: The Anthology. Swift also nabbed Apple Music’s crown for top artist of 2024.
Here’s how to access the Apple Music Replay 2024 roundup so you can check out all your music stats and all the big winners globally.
There are a couple of ways to access Apple Music Replay 2024. First is on your computer by navigating to replay.music.apple.com and logging in with your Apple ID.
The other way is through your iPhone or iPad running iOS 18.1 or later, launching the Apple Music app, and going to the Home tab.

Please enable Javascript to view this content

It's been more than five years since the mighty Apple threw its hat in the video streaming service arena, and it's pretty safe to say that things are going pretty well. With its award-winning movies and series, Apple TV Plus has proven that it has a place on your streaming device among the Netflixes, Hulus, and Maxes of the world, with films like Martin Scorsese's Killers of the Flower Moon and compelling original series like Severance, Dark Matter, Silo, and Slow Horses.
But one of the best things about Apple TV+ remains its relatively low price compared to more expensive options like Netflix and Hulu. Just how much is Apple TV+, and how can you save even more on your subscription cost? Read on to find out.
How much is Apple TV+?
Apple TV+costs $10 per month. You can also opt to pay $99 for an entire year of service, saving you 15%. However, customers who purchased an Apple TV, iPad, iPhone, iPod Touch, or Mac can get themselves three months of Apple TV+ for free. So if you buy some new hardware now, you can use Apple TV+ at no charge. Plus, all new customers are entitled to a seven-day free trial to sample the lineup of movies and shows.
When it comes to the best music streaming services out there, Spotify is probably the first app you think of. With 675 million users, and more than 260 million subscribers, it's miles ahead of competition like Apple Music. But what is Spotify, how does it work, and how much does it cost? We've got the answers to all your questions right here. 
Let's take a look. 
What is Spotify?
If you spend even a little time online, you've probably heard of Spotify. It's a popular free and paid music-streaming service founded in Stockholm in 2006 by Swedish friends Daniel Ek and Martin Lorentzon. Fun fact: the name happened by fluke when the partners were shouting names back and forth from different rooms in Ek's Stockholm flat, and Ek misheard one of Lorentzon's suggestions as "Spotify." They later backtracked the meaning as a combination of spot and identify, and there you have it. 
Spotify today is a behemoth of a streaming service that also offers access to podcasts, videos, and highly tailored playlists driven by your unique usage. With several plan tiers to choose from, Spotify's free version lets you listen to unlimited music, podcasts, and even videos, so you can explore your taste without shelling out a thing, but you do have to endure ads and limited functionality (more on that below). It does offer much more robust paid options (more below, too), but the free version is more than enough for the casual listener. 
Spotify is also quite device-versatile, so you can use it on your smartphone, tablet, computer, laptop, TV, smartwatch, gaming console, and even in your car. You get the expected, intuitive controls like play/pause, next/previous, loop a song/playlist, and save favorites. But that's not all. There's a lot that Spotify offers, so let's break down what you can look forward to. 
Spotify features: music, podcasts, audiobooks, and more
The Apple Music Replay feature gives you a rundown of which songs and albums you've listened to on the service every year. But now, it's getting a makeover that will make it more handy. Rundowns are being offered every month, allowing you to see your favorite tunes during the past 30-plus days — as well as how often you've listened to those titles.
The new monthly Apple Music Replay feature is only available through the web on the Apple Music Replay website, which is unfortunate, but unsurprising. The annual Apple Music Replay launches every December and is also a web-only feature.
Upgrade your lifestyleDigital Trends helps readers keep tabs on the fast-paced world of tech with all the latest news, fun product reviews, insightful editorials, and one-of-a-kind sneak peeks.