Home    Forums    Music    Grammys 2025 Predictions: Pop Field
eternal sunshine does seem to be getting more praise than positions did, hopefully she keeps promoting the era through the year (not to mention wicked press should help her a lot through voting period), eternal sunshine for BPVA!!
I think Eternal Sunshine is a solid album and absolutely should be a lock for nominations across the pop field. In terms of GF, I feel like it’s already super competitive this year but if it showed up in AOTY it would be a worthy nomination. But with Taylor, Billie and Dua all dropping albums, that’s 4/5 BPVA slots already taken and I really do think all of them have a strong chance of AOTY too. With rumors of Gaga and Bieber releasing albums, the question is… will all five BPVA nominees show up in AOTY too?
“Doctor (Work It Out)” hasn’t really taken off, but I still see it as a BPDGP contender at the moment because that category is very weak atm.
The remix of Ariana’s “supernatural” with Troye Sivan is looking like a strong contender. Either that or the Mariah remix of “yes, and?”, but it got a lot of negative responses so idk whether it would be smart despite the big name of Mariah.
Also, now we’ve heard the full album, what does everyone think Ariana’s submissions will be?
I’d guess the following:
AOTY, BPVA – Eternal Sunshine
ROTY, SOTY, BPSP, BMV – “we can’t be friends (wait for your love)”
BPDR – “yes, and?”
BPDGP – “supernatural” (with Troye Sivan)
Would “the boy is mine” be eligible in R&B categories? I suppose it’s a pop track with R&B influence, but “Peaches” was nominated there, and so was “Kill Bill” despite it being very much seen as pop (however SZA’s main field is R&B so maybe that’s why). I think the song would fit well in the field so I’m here for it getting into R&B Performance. If she does a remix with someone like Victoria Monét that’ll probably increase the chances.
“we can’t be friends (wait for your love)” definitely should get a BMV nomination tbh, it felt like a true retelling of the original film. 
will all five BPVA nominees show up in AOTY too? 
The answer is easy. Yes.
Get real!  “Supernatural” with gay ass Troye Sivan is NOT happening in Best Pop Duo/Group Performance.  Pure fucking delusion.
Honey, all five Best Pop Vocal Album nominees will NOT show up in Album of the Year.  That only happened when there were 10 slots.  As of now, only Billie Eyelash (BARF!) and Taylor Shit (BARF!) will show up in both.  Ariana Grande is NOT happening in the General Field.  Justin Bieber, Dua Lipa, and Lady Gaga are to be determined.
Get real! “Supernatural” with gay ass Troye Sivan is NOT happening in Best Pop Duo/Group Performance. Pure fucking delusion. 
 Ariana is a perennial Pop nominee with good ballot position and Troye just got his two first noms last year. BPD/GP is shaping up to be, once again, a category full of household names and the “supernatural” remix is very likely to happen with the contenders we have by far. Besides Jacob Collier and Taylor x Post (which is not even out yet), our gay ass aussie twink is getting nominated.
We Can’t Be Friends is challenging #1 debut on Billboard Hot 100. If happens, Eternal Sunshine will have TWO #1 hits. This is huge. She would be the early frontrunner for Best Pop Vocal Album.
“We Can’t Be Friends” smashing means it has a shot at a Pop Solo win, especially since all the other big contenders right now are by new artists and/or have to be live versions. 
It smashing also means the album has two hits, which oficially puts it in PVA win contention. We’ll have to see how well TTPD and Billie do on radio though.
Considering “Yes And?” also has a shot at a win for Pop Dance, this might end up a good year for Ariana. Or she loses all – but at least she’s somewhat competitive in all 3.
Get real!  Ariana Grande does NOT have a chance of winning Best Pop Solo Performance, Best Pop Dance Recording, and Best Pop Vocal Album.  Total delusion.  “Yes, And?” is already forgotten.  “We Can’t Be Friends (Wait for Your Love)” and Eternal Sunshine will be completely forgotten by August.
Funny how these people still being mad cause of Midnight’s win and keep finding reasons for its win lol. Only losers have to find reasons for other’s success. Winners dont lol. 
Only confirmed releases.
Best Pop Solo Performance
Benson Boone, “Beautiful Things”
Doja Cat, “Agora Hills”
Ariana Grande, “We Can’t Be Friends (Wait For Your Love)”
Tate McRae, “Greedy (Live)”
Taylor Swift, TBD
Best Pop Duo/Group Performance
Ariana Grande feat. Troye Sivan, “Supernatural”
Noah Kahan feat. Hozier, “Northern Attitude”
Nicki Minaj feat. Lil Uzi Vert, “Everybody”
Taylor Swift feat. Post Malone, “Fortnight”
Pharrell Williams feat. Miley Cyrus, “Doctor (Work It Out)”
Best Pop Vocal Album
Ariana Grande, Eternal Sunshine
Dua Lipa, Training Season
Tate McRae, Think Later
Taylor Swift, The Tortured Poets Department
Ed Sheeran, Autum Variations
Best Pop Dance Recording
Charli XCX, “Von Dutch”
Karol G & Tiesto, “Contigo”
Ariana Grande, “Yes, And?”
Dua Lipa, “Houdini”
Troye Sivan, “Got Me Started”
Only confirmed releases. Best Pop Solo Performance Tate McRae, “Greedy (Live)”
 Where was this released? I can’t find it
 Where was this released? I can’t find it
I assumed it was lol, my bad.
There is an acoustic version out though.
I’m so happy We Can’t Be Friends keeps growing, it’s so good. The album keeps getting better for me everytime I listen to it. I’m actually surprised because I was never really that into Ariana’s music besides her ballads. Also Supernatural is /my/ ROTY.
Academy Award winner Cillian Murphy
The topic ‘Grammys 2025 Predictions: Pop Field’ is closed to new replies.
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…

				23 mins ago			

				1 hour ago			

				2 hours ago			

				15 mins ago			

				11 mins ago			

				2 hours ago			

				2 hours ago			

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media