The Kidd Kraddick Morning Show

Anna Delvey banned from DWTS… “Are You Smarter Than A Celebrity?” out today… Joe Jonas’ mystery dinner date… Sydney Sweeney helps catch burglar… and Kanye West sued
In Dancing With the Stars news, I won’t spoil last night’s elimination, but I will share this:  Anna Delvey — who, along with Tori Spelling, were the first two eliminated dancers after the first week of performances — has been banned from the DWTS finale. After her elimination, the powers-that-be didn’t like it when host Julianne Hough asked Anna what she’d learned from being on the show and Anna said, “Nothing.” But then later, Anna gave interviews expounding on that answer, adding that the scoring was “nonsensical” and that producers only usher to drive up ratings. Well, duh. Isn’t that why they pick every celebrity dancer? Anyway, Anna doesn’t have to be bothered with the show ever again. In other DWTS news, Derek Hough and his wife Hayley Erbert are sharing her scary health emergency last year. They had just started a new dance tour late last year when Hayley collapsed backstage and had to have emergency brain surgery. By April, doctors cleared Hayley to dance again and last night, she and Derek danced together for Dedication Night, twirling to an acoustic rendition of Benson Boone’s Beautiful Things. Now, the couple is working on a documentary, looking back on the events of the past year. Jason Bergh is set to direct. He’s the same guy who directed Jennifer Lopez’s regrettable The Greatest Love Story Never Told.
Report: Anna Delvey Banned From Attending DWTS Season 33 Finale#DWTS https://t.co/ykGbrol9xh
The first three episodes of Are You Smarter Than a Celebrity? hosted by Travis Kelce premiere Amazon Prime Video today! It’s a twist on the original Are You Smarter Than a Fifth Grader? hosted by Jeff Foxworthy, which debuted in 2007 and aired for 4 seasons. In the original, an adult contestant tries to answer 10 questions — plus a final bonus question — covering topics from elementary school textbooks, with two questions from each grade level, from first through fifth. Ultimately, the winner could walk away with $1M. In the updated version, contestants are trying to win $100K, and instead of kids they’re facing off against celebrities with varying degrees of fame. They include Nikki Glaser, Ron Funches, Natasha Leggero, Nicole Byer, Ryan Fitzpatrick, Chad Ochocinco, Garcelle Beauvais, Lala Kent, Sophia Stallone and Lilly Singh.
Get your head in the game. Travis Kelce hosts Are You Smarter Than a Celebrity? out October 16. pic.twitter.com/OcdNMDsXPY
Joe Jonas  was spotted with a mystery brunette at a bar in Paris over the weekend. A source saw the whole thing go down and even shared a photo with DeuxMoi. The source said Joe “was drinking quietly with his group, then a brunette woman caught his attention. He spent the rest of the evening chatting with her.” The source said Joe and this mystery woman packed on the PDA, and “when the night ended around 2am, they kissed each other goodbye and went their separate ways.” After DeuxMoi posted the photos, a lot of people think the mystery woman is online influencer Brenda Cellos.
Joe Jonas spotted cozying up to mystery woman in Paris 4 months after Stormi Bree split https://t.co/OGFttZ754W pic.twitter.com/AXWsu9VmtU
Sydney Sweeney may very well be promoted to president of the Neighborhood Watch! She was out of town, but her security cameras notified her that someone was lurking around her property. He moved on without breaking into Sydney’s house, but her neighbor wasn’t so lucky. This guy ransacked the place and took some things. But while he was doing that, Sydney called 911 to report her lurker. He was gone by the time police arrived, but they surrounded the neighborhood and caught him.
Sydney Sweeney Helps Catch Neighborhood Burglar With Security Cameras | Click to read more https://t.co/UCPtHeSw1A
A couple months ago, we told you that Kanye West’s former assistant sued him for wrongful termination. Lauren Pisciotta only worked for Diddy from 2021 to 2022, but during that time, she claims she was subjected to explicit texts and pornography before being fired. But Lauren has now amended her lawsuit to include accusations of drugging and sexual assault. Lauren claims Kanye did both to her during a studio session with none other than Diddy. On top of that, Lauren claims that Diddy’s wife Bianca Censori basically worked as his “sex party coordinator” which sounds an awful lot like Diddy’s “freak off” parties.
Kanye West sued for allegedly drugging, sexually assaulting ex-assistant at Sean ‘Diddy’ Combs studio session https://t.co/t8S65MSafv pic.twitter.com/3hwRnKCRpb

The Kidd Kraddick Morning Show