Michael Keaton returns as the titular character in "Beetlejuice 2," officially titled "Beetlejuice Beetlejuice."Video still
‘Beetlejuice Beetlejuice’ trailer
It’s showtime! Michael Keaton returns as your favorite ghost with the most in the first trailer for “Beetlejuice Beetlejuice.” Tim Burton returns to direct the sequel to the 1988 movie, which will also feature Winona Ryder, Catherine O’Hara and “Wednesday” star Jenna Ortega as Lydia Deetz’s daughter. “Still haunted by Beetlejuice, Lydia’s life is turned upside down when her rebellious teenage daughter, Astrid, discovers the mysterious model of the town in the attic and the portal to the Afterlife is accidentally opened,” the synosis says. “With trouble brewing in both realms, it’s only a matter of time until someone says Beetlejuice’s name three times and the mischievous demon returns to unleash his very own brand of mayhem.” The fun begins Sept. 6.
‘Star Wars’ blue milk coming to stores
You can get Bertie Bott’s Every Flavor Beans from “Harry Potter” and Duff Beer from “The Simpsons,” so why not blue milk from “Star Wars?” SlashFilm reports TruMoo is launching officially licensed blue milk in stores for the upcoming May the 4th Be with You celebration. The blue and green milk that Luke Skywalker drinks is already available at Stars Wars Galaxy’s Edge at Disney theme parks, but according to a press release this will be actual milk from a new partnership with Disney and Lucasfilm. “TruMoo Blue Milk is 1% low-fat milk and features natural vanilla flavor and blue color for a truly galactic delicious experience your family will enjoy,” the press release says, inviting fans to try the drink when it starts hitting grocery stores April 17, 2024.
A post shared by TruMoo Milk (@trumoo)
New music
TGIF: New music out this week includes Tyla’s debut album, plus releases from Benson Boone, Shakira, Olivia Rodrigo, Ozzy Osbourne, The Veronicas, Kenny Chesney, Justice, Kenya Grace, Remi Wolf, and Lenny Kravitz.
MORE BUZZ:
Buzz is a daily roundup of entertainment news about movies, TV, music and celebrities.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices