By LAURA PARKIN FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  13:14, 3 June 2024   |  Updated:  13:57, 3 June 2024   
 3
View  comments
Capital FM has launched a new radio station dedicated entirely to Taylor Swift ahead of the singers UK tour. 
The broadcaster announced its pop-up radio station, streaming live on Global Player, the official Capital app, dedicated to the singer, 34, on Monday. 
Capital (Taylor’s Version) has been launched to celebrate the highly anticipated UK leg of Taylor's ongoing sixth concert tour, The Eras Tour.
Capital are giving her fan base the chance to listen to their favourite artist all-day, every-day with the 'UK’s No 1 Swift Music Station.'
It’s the first time in the UK that a national DAB radio station has been dedicated to a single artist.
Capital FM has launched a new radio station dedicated entirely to Taylor Swift ahead of the singers UK tour (pictured yesterday in France)
The broadcaster announced its pop-up radio station, streaming live on Global Player, the official Capital app, dedicated to the singer, 34, on Monday (pictured yesterday in France)
Capital (Taylor’s Version) will play Taylor’s top hits from her critically acclaimed albums including; 1989 (Taylor’s Version), Red (Taylor’s Version), Midnights and folklore. 
The station will be bringing listeners all the latest on Taylor as she tours across the UK and hearing from fans attending pre and post shows.
The fourteen GRAMMY award-winning international superstar is currently in the middle of her 152-show tour which spans across five continents. 
The highest-grossing concert tour of all time will see Taylor come to the United Kingdom on Friday June 7th to perform her first show in Edinburgh before descending onto Liverpool, Cardiff and eight shows at Wembley Stadium in London.
Brent Tobin, Managing Editor of Capital said: 'We were so excited to create this pop up radio station to celebrate Taylor Swift. 
'It’s set to be a fan favourite, with not only the greatest songs, but top trivia and tour news. We’ll be on air until it’s So Long, London and we hope all the Swifties join us for the ultimate tour celebration!' 
Taylor recently revealed that she would be adding three new opening artists to UK dates on her Eras Tour.
The hitmaker announced that Mette, Griff and Benson Boone would be performing with her on June 21, 22 and 23, respectively, at Wembley Stadium in London.
Capital are giving her fan base the chance to listen to their favourite artist all-day, every-day with the 'UK’s No 1 Swift Music Station'
The highest-grossing concert tour of all time will see Taylor come to the United Kingdom on Friday June 7th to perform her first show in Edinburgh (pictured yesterday in France)
The songwriter will also be joined by Paramore for all eight of her dates at Wembley Stadium, four of which are set to take place in August.
The singer said she selected Mette, Griff and Boone to open for her in London because she 'chose artists whose music I love listening to.'
Swift also shared a message on her Story, in which she wrote that she was excited that her track Fortnight, which was featured on her recently-released album The Tortured Poets Department, had made it to the top of the UK airplay chart.
The performer added that she could not 'wait for them to add an extra jolt of excitement to our shows at @wembleystadium in June.'
Capital (Taylor’s Version) is available across the UK on DAB digital radio, and on Global Player, the official Capital app, on your smart speaker (“play Capital Taylor’s Version”), iOS or Android device.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group