By NATASHA ANDERSON  
 Published:  09:12, 22 October 2024   |  Updated:  11:59, 22 October 2024   
 122
View  comments
Mark Zuckerberg threw a 70s bash for his glamorous wife Priscilla Chan because his 'disco queen wanted a party'.
The Meta billionaire, 40, and Chan, 39, were seen all loved up as they danced the night away at the disco-themed soiree. 
He shared a series of snaps on Instagram overnight of the couple donning sparkly attire as they smiled, kissed and hit the dance floor.
'Disco queen wanted a party,' Zuckerberg captioned the heartwarming post, which was overlaid with an excerpt from the Bee Gees' hit track Stayin' Alive.
The Facebook tycoon never shies away from sharing snapshots of sweet family moments on social media. 
Just last week he posted photos of himself painting his daughter's nails and earlier this year he used his platforms to unveil a statue of his wife.
Mark Zuckerberg shared glamorous photos of his 'disco queen' wife Priscilla Chan overnight
The first photo in Zuckerberg's carousal Instagram post shows an intimate moment the pair shared a kiss on what appears to be the dancefloor
Zuckerberg shared a series of photographs to his Instagram page overnight, leading his carousal post with a cute picture of him and Chan sharing an intimate kiss on what appears to be the dancefloor. 
Other images showed Chan moving and grooving in a gold sequin jumpsuit. 
Zuckerberg, donning a shimmery bomber jacket, appeared to be gleaming with joy and was all smiles throughout the night.
Similarly, Chan sported a large grin as her husband put his arm around her in a close embrace.
While it is unclear for what occasion the Zuckerbergs held their party, it does appear that the social media tycoon offered some sort of speech or toast to his wife.
Zuckerberg's followers also appeared to be loving the glimpse into the couple's life, with FutrGroup founder Franky Shaw writing: 'I always knew you were this cool.'
'Fits are fire,' wrote singer-songwriter Benson Boone.
UFC fighter Mackenzie Dern commented 'so much fun!' and Morin Oluwole, a global luxury business leader and Meta's former business director, added: 'Priscilla is on fire! And you too.'
Priscilla Chan sported a large grin as her husband put his arm around her in a close embrace
Zuckerberg, donning a shimmery bomber jacket, appeared to be gleaming with joy and was all smiles throughout the night
While it is unclear for what occasion the Zuckerbergs held their party, it does appear that the social media tycoon offered some sort of speech or toast to his wife 
In August this year, Zuckerberg seemingly honored his wife by unveiling a bizarre statue of her that appeared to be made of oxidized green copper and steel.
He wrote: 'Bringing back the Roman tradition of making sculptures of your wife.'
Chan was snapped sipping a hot drink in front of the new statue, which was created by artist Daniel Arsham. 
She shared the same image of herself sipping in front of the sculpture and wrote: 'You can't miss me!' 
The monument shows the former pediatrician staring stonily ahead of herself while walking. 
Chan appears to be nude, but her body is covered by a dramatic swathe of highly-polished stainless steel designed to look like a robe.
Zuckerberg did not give any indication as to what had inspired the act of love, but his friends and followers were quick to hail the gesture.
Priscilla Chan poses in front of a statue of herself that was commissioned by her billionaire husband Mark Zuckerberg 
Zuckerberg met Chan at a house party during her freshman year at Harvard in 2003.
They wed in May 2012 - the day after Facebook's IPO made him a multi-billionaire.
The couple, who own homes in California and Hawaii, are parents to three daughters; eight year-old Maxima, six year-old August and Aurelia, who is 19 months-old.
Chan graduated Harvard with a bachelor's degree in biology and worked as a teacher for a year.
She went back to college in 2008 to train as a pediatrician and completed her residency in 2015.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group