No hard feelings here.
Jessica is a staff writer at Entertainment Weekly, where she covers TV, movies, and pop culture. Her work has appeared in Bustle, NYLON, Cosmopolitan, InStyle, and more. She lives in California with her dog.
 Heeere's Conan!

 Conan O'Brien is set to return to The Tonight Show for his first appearance on it since his dramatic exit as host in 2010. The comedian will join host Jimmy Fallon as a guest on the April 9 episode to promotion of his upcoming Max series, Conan O’Brien Must Go. 

 Though O'Brien previously appeared alongside Stephen Colbert in a pre-recorded sketch for Fallon's late-night show, his upcoming interview will mark his first in-person return to his old stomping grounds following his infamous ouster more than a decade ago.

 O'Brien succeeded Jay Leno as the host of The Tonight Show in 2009, but he held the gig for only seven months before his unceremonious firing, as NBC opted to bring back Leno after both hosts experienced rating and time-slot struggles on the network. (It took less than a year into O'Brien's tenure for NBC to cancel Leno's new prime-time show.)

Paul Drinkwater / NBC / courtesy Everett 
 O'Brien then went on to host Conan for 11 seasons on TBS. It concluded in 2021, ending the comedian's two-decade run as a late-night talk-show host.

 "It was like a marriage breaking up suddenly, violently, quickly," the comedian told CBS of his Tonight Show departure in 2010, admitting that he got "very depressed at times."

 "I was just trying to figure out what happened… It just felt like the tone went very quickly from 'take your time, we understand this is a tough decision' to, you know, 'let's go.' And that probably helped me a little bit feel like, 'You know what? This environment doesn't feel right.'"

 Leno wrapped his late-night run in 2014 after 22 years leading the show, passing the baton to current host Fallon.

 Premiering April 18 on Max, Conan O’Brien Must Go will follow the comedian as he visits the friends he's made around the globe working on his Conan O'Brien Needs a Friend podcast, taking in their culture and cuisine. Other guests on Fallon's April 9 show will include Nicole Richie and musical guest Benson Boone.

 Sign up for Entertainment Weekly's free daily newsletter to get breaking TV news, exclusive first looks, recaps, reviews, interviews with your favorite stars, and more.

 Related content:

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)