Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
Strictly Come Dancing's Jamie Borthwick couldn't resist making a playful four-word comment to his dance partner Michelle Tsiakkas in the middle of their first live performance.
 The EastEnders star, who triumphed in last year's Strictly Christmas special, debuted on Saturday night with Michelle, performing a Viennese Waltz to "Beautiful Things" by Benson Boone. Their routine earned them a mid-table score of 23 points, placing them halfway up the leaderboard after the first show. 
As they prepared for their second performance, Jamie and Michelle joined host Fleur East on the Strictly spin-off show, It Takes Two. During the conversation, Fleur brought up Jamie's humorous remark from Saturday night when he quipped that Michelle smelled of garlica comment picked up by a hidden microphone that captures the candid exchanges between celebrities on the dance floor and backstage.
Fleur teased: "Here at It Takes Two we like to listen in on your mic, I'm sorry we like to introduce." Before the audio clip was played, Michelle reacted with an apprehensive "Oh gosh.", reports OK!. In the midst of their dance, Jamie had whispered to Michelle: "You smell of garlic."
The studio erupted into laughter as Fleur probed about the incident. Michelle responded, explaining the timing of Jamie's comment: "In the most romantic moment of the dance, he decides to tell me I smell like garlic."
Jamie then clarified the context behind the banter: "Well we've had this thing during the week at rehearsal, it was an inside joke where we were eating garlic bread and stuff like that and we've been burping in each other's faces all week."
"You watch the mic thing now for as long as we are here there is going to be something good on that mic." Michelle joked: "I'm going to get him back".
In another part of the show, Fleur asked Jamie about the difference between competing in the Christmas special and the original version.
 Jamie confessed that being on the BBC competition has left him feeling 'humbled'. He explained: "To be honest it's nothing like it because me and Nancy had a bit of a jolly for a week and a half. We worked hard on our routine but we know it was light and just something for Christmas." 
He added: "It was just different but now I've been humbled by Strictly, this has been a real experience, especially this week because we've had a week and with all the other stuff we have to do the VT's and I've had a filming day this week - it's all go."
Strictly Come Dancing airs Saturdays and Sundays on BBC One