By JESSICA JANES FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  11:43, 25 September 2024   |  Updated:  11:52, 25 September 2024   
 19
View  comments
Pete Wicks and Jowita Przystal put on a cosy display as they filmed a sweet dog walk scene in Essex for Strictly Come Dancing. 
The TOWIE star, 36, and the pro dancer, 30, sparked romance rumours earlier this month when they were spotted together at the National Television Awards. 
And on Tuesday, they kept putting their arms around one other as they took Pete's beloved pups for a walk. 
In one sweet snap, the dance partners were all smiles and could hardly take their eyes off one another as they engaged in conversation. 
It comes after it emerged they have a speciall code to communicate with one another. 
Pete Wicks and Jowita Przystal put on a cosy display as they filmed a sweet dog walk scene in Essex for Strictly Come Dancing
The TOWIE star, 36, and the pro dancer, 30, sparked romance rumours earlier this month when they were spotted together at the National Television Awards
Jowita cut a stylish figure in a cropped beige trench coat and a slate grey top as she strolled alongside Pete. 
She teamed the coat with a pair of dark blue flared denim jeans and sported a pair of black boots. 
To complete her ensemble, the beauty wore a coffee-brown cowboy hat as she let her locks flow freely. 
Meanwhile, her dance partner Pete sweetly matched her ensemble as he sported a cream cowboy hat. 
He covered up from the cold in a yellow jacket and sported a smart white polo shirt. 
The reality TV star completed his look with a pair of black denim jeans and smart brown suede shoes.  
The star was also pictured puffing on a cigarette as they took a quick break from filming. 
It comes after Pete and Jowita put on a passionate display last week as they got stuck into rehearsals for their first dance.
And on Tuesday, the pair couldn't keep their hands off each other as they took Pete's beloved pups for a walk
In one sweet snap, the dance partners were all smiles and could hardly take their eyes off one another as they engaged in conversation
They were also spotted with their arms wrapped around one another and continued to look close after filming had concluded
Jowita cut a stylish figure in a cropped beige trench coat and a slate grey top as she strolled ahead of Pete
She teamed the coat with a pair of dark blue flared denim jeans and sported a pair of black boots
To complete her ensemble, the beauty wore a coffee-brown cowboy hat as she let her locks flow freely
The couple, who were practising the Paso Doble to The Prodigy's Breathe, were spotted getting up close and personal with one another during the Latin dance. 
The professional dancer was seen with her hand in Pete's hair before they later embraced during the session.
After performing the routine during Saturday's show, Pete looked gutted as the judges dished out a score of just 17, with Motsi Mabuse and Anton Du Beke both showing their five paddles.
It comes before Vicky Pattison revealed that she has given Pete the unique task of being her 'flower girl' at her lavish Italian wedding this Wednesday. Which means the TOWIE star will be forced to miss crucial hours in the Strictly training room. 
During Tuesday's instalment of Lorraine, Vicky appeared as a guest to discuss her upcoming nuptials, her struggles with PMDD (Premenstrual Dysphoric Disorder), and Pete's important role at her wedding. 
Meanwhile, her dance partner Pete sweetly matched her ensemble as he sported a cream cowboy hat
He covered up from the cold in a yellow jacket and sported a smart white polo shirt
The reality TV star completed his look with a pair of black denim jeans and smart brown suede shoes
The star was also pictured puffing on a cigarette as they took a quick break from filming 
In one snap, Jowita and Pete can be seen with their arms wrapped around one another again as a film crew member takes a sweet snap of them
Meanwhile, in another snap Pete beamed as Jowita went to place his matching hat on his head
Jowita seemed in high spirits as she bonded with Pete's beloved pups 
The star looked slightly windswept as she larked about with the dogs in the field 
Pete then took the reigns for a while as he was pictured strolling along with the happy pups
Later in the day, he opted for a quick outfit change. The star looked effortlessly cool in a black biker jacket and red jogging bottoms as he and Jowita strolled through a town centre
During last Saturday's first live show, Pete performed a sultry Paso Doble routine with Jowita and the energetic pair scored just 17 points
1. JB Gill and Amy Dowden - Waltz to When I Need You by Leo Sayer: 31 out of 40 
2=. Sarah Hadland and Vito Coppola - Quickstep to 9 to 5 by Dolly Parton: 30 out of 40 
2=. Tasha Ghouri and Alja¿ ¿korjanec - Cha Cha to Espresso by Sabrina Carpenter: 30 out of 40
3=. Montell Douglas and Johannes Radebe - Foxtrot to Is You Is or Is You Ain¿t My Baby by Dinah Washington: 26 out of 40
3=. Wynne Evans and Katya Jones - Samba to Help Yourself by Tom Jones: 26 out of 40
4=. Chris McCausland and Dianne Buswell - Cha Cha to Twist and Shout by The Beatles: 23 out of 40
4=. Sam Quek and Nikita Kuzmin - Foxtrot to Where Did Our Love Go by The Supremes: 23 out of 40 
4=. Jamie Borthwick and Michelle Tsiakkas - Viennese Waltz to Beautiful Things by Benson Boone: 23 out of 40
4=. Tom Dean and Nadiya Bychkova - Tango to Golden by Harry Styles: 23 out of 40
5. Shayne Ward and Nancy Xu - Samba to Do I Do by Stevie Wonder: 21 out of 40 
6. Punam Krishan and Gorka Marquez - Cha Cha to Love At First Sight by Kylie Minogue: 19 out of 40
7. Nick Knowles and Luba Mushtuk - Jive to We Built This City by Starship: 18 out of 40
8=. Paul Merson and Karen Hauer - American Smooth to Vindaloo by Fat Les: 17 out of 40
8=. Pete Wicks and Jowita Przysta¿ - Paso Doble to Breathe by The Prodigy: 17 out of 40
9=. Toyah Willcox and Neil Jones - Tango to Ray Of Light by Madonna: 12 out of 40
The former Geordie Shore star, 36, hilariously revealed that Pete will 'embrace his role as flower girl' as he prepares to jet to Italy in the middle of his busy Strictly schedule. 
She told Lorraine Kelly: 'Pete is embracing his role of flower girl. He’s going to arrive tonight and I have no doubt going to show us some fantastic moves as he walks down that aisle.' 
She added: 'When we found out he had the Strictly gig we'd already planned him coming to the wedding so he's flying in and out very fast.' 
'He’s a really good friend so this has been conflicting for him.'
The lavish event in Puglia will be packed with celebrities, including TOWIE's Ferne McCann and Mario Falcone, and even Bake Off's Candice Brown among the 120 guests.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group