Kanye West and Ty Dolla $ign land at No. 1 in Australia with "Vultures 1,"

													By
												

	Lars Brandle


Kanye West and Ty Dolla $ign land at No. 1 in Australia with Vultures 1.

	The result, which answers a question on how international audiences would respond to Ye’s recent controversies, is his fifth ARIA Chart leader, following Yeezus (June 2013), Ye (June 2018), Jesus Is King (Nov. 2019) and Donda (March 2021), an album from which a record-setting 19 tracks flooded the singles tally. 

	The independently-released effort is a career best for Ty Dolla $ign (Universal), beating the No. 37 peak of Beach House 3 in 2017.





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Mase Wants Fans to Vote If He Should Attend Diddy's Trial		
	



	05/02/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Benson Boone		
					






















	
		
					Jack Harlow		
					






















	
		
					Kanye West		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	Also new to the ARIA Albums Chart, published Friday, Feb. 16, is Jessica Mauboy‘s Yours Forever, new at No. 10 for the homegrown pop star’s eighth top 10 album. 

	










			Trending on Billboard		






Yours Forever is Mauboy’s first LP for Warner Music, and is the followup to 2019’s Hilda, her second ARIA No. 1 album.

	A trio of leading ladies from the United States are in the market, or on the way. And the excitement around their live appearances are impacting the national charts. 

Taylor Swift kicks off the Australia leg of her The Eras Tour tonight, with the first of three consecutive nights at the Melbourne Cricket Ground. Currently, half of the top 10 titles on the ARIA Chart, and eight of the top 20, belong to TayTay. Produced by Frontier Touring, Swift’s tour of these parts wraps next week with a four-night stand at Sydney’s Accor Stadium. 

Pink, meanwhile, is touring stadiums for Live Nation, a trek that sees her former leader Trustfall (RCA/Sony) return to the top 10, up 36-9. 

	And SZA’s SOS (RCA/Sony) spikes, following the announcement of an arena tour of these parts, also produced by LN. SOS lifts 10-5.

	Over on the ARIA Singles Chart, published today, Noah Kahan’s “Stick Season” (Universal) logs a third week at No. 1. “Stick Season” leads a podium ahead of Benson Boone’s “Beautiful Things” (Warner) and Jack Harlow’s “Lovin On Me” (Atlantic/Warner), respectively. 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.