Jelly Roll has rolled in with a new Twisters track, “Dead End Road.”
The heart-racing country-rock tune is the final preview of Twisters: The Album, which arrives alongside the movie on Friday.
In “Dead End Road,” Jelly reflects on his “underthinkin’, overusin’, tall drinkin’, short fusin'” and “low-lifein'” ways and how it’s high time he straightened up his act.
“Cause that highway to hell is the road/ I’m on I need to turn around before I’m too far gone/ If I’m ever gonna make it on them streets of gold/ I gotta quit livin’ on a dead end road,” professes Jelly, who co-wrote the song.
Like the action-packed Twisters, the video for “Dead End Road” features flames, storms and a tornado that also rips the roof off the house Jelly’s standing in.
You can watch the full “Dead End Road” music video now on YouTube.
Here’s the star-studded country-heavy track list for Twisters: The Album:
Luke Combs – “Ain’t No Love in Oklahoma”Miranda Lambert – “Ain’t in Kansas Anymore”Conner Smith – “Steal My Thunder” (feat. Tucker Wetmore)Thomas Rhett – “Feelin’ Country”Warren Zeiders – “The Cards I’ve Been Dealt”Megan Moroney – “Never Left Me”Lainey Wilson – “Out of Oklahoma”Bailey Zimmerman – “Hell or High Water”Jelly Roll – “Dead End Road”Kane Brown – “Country Classic”Sam Barber – “Tear Us Apart”Tyler Childers – “Song While You’re Away”Tucker Wetmore – “Already Had It”Leon Bridges – “Chrome Cowgirl”Benson Boone – “Death Wish Love”Shania Twain & BRELAND – “Boots Don’t”Dylan Gossett – “Stronger Than a Storm”Lanie Gardner – “Chasing the Wind”Jelly Roll – “Leave the Light On” (feat. Alexandra Kay)Wyatt Flores & Jake Kohn – “Before I Do”The Red Clay Strays – “Caddo County”Tanner Usrey – “Blackberry Wine”Tanner Adell – “Too Easy”Mason Ramsey – “Shake Shake (All Night Long)”Tyler Halverson – “New Loop”Flatland Cavalry – “Touchdown”Nolan Taylor – “Driving You Home”Wilderado, Ken Pomeroy & James McAlister – “Wall of Death”Charley Crockett – “(Ghost) Riders in the Sky”
Copyright © 2024, ABC Audio. All rights reserved.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.