All your favorite pop girls are stepping out for this year's show.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Pop fans assemble: It's time for the 2024 MTV Video Music Awards. The award show, known for copious iconic performances and pop culture moments, returns this September for what is sure to be another memorable ceremony. The VMAs are always exciting for music lovers, as the biggest names on the charts are honored for their hits and visuals, but it's also a must-watch for fashion fiends, given the range of looks the stars serve on the red carpet.
This year's ceremony comes after a standout year for women across all genres, from pop and R&B to country music, so you can expect a few of your favorite artists to grace the stage and pick up a Moon Person or two. You may be wondering when the 2024 VMAs are, how to watch the award show, and what A-listers are slated as entertainers, and we've got the scoop. Read on for everything you need to know about the 2024 VMAs.
Mark your calendar for September. The 2024 VMAs will air live on MTV on Wednesday, September 11 at 8 p.m. ET/PT. This year, the event will be held at the UBS Arena on New York’s Long Island.
The VMAs were originally scheduled for September 10, but it was moved back a day because of the U.S. presidential debate.
If you still have cable, you can tune into your local MTV channel or use your cable login to watch from your computer or phone via MTV's website or app.
If you no longer have cable, there are still ways to watch the 2024 VMAs. Live streaming TV services like Fubo TV, Hulu + Live TV, Sling TV, and YouTube Live provide access to MTV. (If you don't have a subscription, you can always sign up for a free trial before the award show.)
MTV will also air the 2024 VMAs Pre-Show on September 11, starting at 6:30 p.m. ET/PT ahead of the ceremony at 8 p.m. ET/PT. The red carpet show will be hosted by Nessa, Dometi Pongo, and Kevan Kenney, and K-pop girl group LE SSERAFIM will make their first-ever U.S. award show performance.
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
Megan Thee Stallion performing "Bongos" with Cardi B at the 2023 MTV VMAs.
Megan the Stallion is set to host the first-ever Hot Girl VMAs, marking the rapper's award show hosting debut. It's not entirely her first hosting rodeo though: She previously pulled double duty hosting and performing on Saturday Night Live and served as a co-host for The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon. 
The "Mamushi" rapper first appeared at the VMAs in 2019, when she performed during the red carpet pre-show. Last year, she took to the main stage to perform "Bongos" alongside her frequent collaborator Cardi B.
Several of the year's biggest artists are set to hit the VMAs stage: Anitta (along with Fat Joe, DJ Khaled, and Tiago PZK), Benson Boone, Camila Cabello, Chappell Roan, GloRilla, Halsey, Karol G, Lenny Kravitz, LISA, LL Cool J, Rauw Alejandro, Sabrina Carpenter, and Shawn Mendes. Megan Thee Stallion will do double duty, hosting and performing, while Eminem is set to open the show, 24 years after his iconic "Real Slim Shady" performance.
Teddy Swims and Jessie Murph are also set to perform, as part of the VMAs' Extended Play Stage.
Taylor Swift accepts the Best Pop award for "Anti-Hero" at the 2023 VMAs.
MTV has announced the full list of presenters for this year's awards, which ranges from pop hitmakers to social media stars to an Olympic medalist Jordan Chiles. The full list of presenters includes Alessandra Ambrosio, Big Sean, Busta Rhymes, Carson Daly, Cyndi Lauper, Damiano David (Måneskin), DANNA, DJ Khaled, Fat Joe, Flavor Flav, French Montana, Halle Bailey, Lil Nas X, Miranda Lambert, Naomi Scott, Paris Hilton, Suki Waterhouse, Thalía, and Tinashe.
As for the nominees, Taylor Swift is the most-recognized artist this year with 10 nods. She could also break several records, including a three-peat for "Video of the Year" or becoming the first artist to win the category five times. Other frontrunners include Post Malone, who is up for nine Moon Person awards; Ariana Grande, Eminem, and Sabrina Carpenter with six nominations each; Megan Thee Stallion and SZA with five each; and LISA and Olivia Rodrigo with four each. Carpenter also joins Chappell Roan, Coco Jones, Gracie Abrams, LE SSERAFIM, Raye, and Tyla, among first-time nominees.
Katy Perry on the red carpet at the 2017 VMAs.
This year, Katy Perry will receive MTV's Video Vanguard Award. She's set to return to the VMA stage for the first time since 2017, when she hosted the ceremony. Perry has won five VMAs throughout her career, including Video of the Year for her 2011 track, "Firework."
Previous recipients of the Video Vanguard Award include Shakira, Nicki Minaj, Missy Elliot, Jennifer Lopez, Pink, Rihanna, Beyoncé, and Britney Spears.
Voting for the gender-neutral, fan-cast award show ran from September 3 to September 6, but one category remains open. Fans whose fave is up for Best New Artist can still cast their ballot in the coveted category online, and voting will remain open during the VMAs.
Quinci is a Culture Writer who covers all aspects of pop culture, including TV, movies, music, books, and theater. She contributes interviews with talent, as well as SEO content, features, and trend stories. She fell in love with storytelling at a young age, and eventually discovered her love for cultural criticism and amplifying awareness for underrepresented storytellers across the arts. She previously served as a weekend editor for Harper’s Bazaar, where she covered breaking news and live events for the brand’s website, and helped run the brand’s social media platforms, including Instagram, Facebook, and Twitter. Her freelance writing has also appeared in outlets including HuffPost, The A.V. Club, Elle, Vulture, Salon, Teen Vogue, and others. Quinci earned her degree in English and Psychology from The University of New Mexico. She was a 2021 Eugene O’Neill Critics Institute fellow, and she is a member of the Television Critics Association. She is currently based in her hometown of Los Angeles. When she isn't writing or checking Twitter way too often, you can find her studying Korean while watching the latest K-drama, recommending her favorite shows and films to family and friends, or giving a concert performance while sitting in L.A. traffic.

Minimalist nails with a little something extra.


Fans are clamoring for more after that shocking cliffhanger.


*Clutches pearls*


In its musical moments, Ryan Coogler's vampire blockbuster makes a powerful statement about Black culture, ancestry, and art.


To coincide with the film's anniversary, Mia Berrin from Pom Pom Squad reflects on what it's meant to her artistic journey.


With her new album 'LETHAL' coming soon, the rapper opens up about her musical preferences for the 'Marie Claire' series "Listen Up."


The A24 film's costume and production designers open up about crafting fictional pop icon Moretti’s style and mysterious estate.


The artist known as Japanese Breakfast opens up about finding her sound on a new album after experiencing whirlwind success.


The Academy Awards are for the pop girls, actually.


With their new album 'Silver Deliverer' coming soon, the sister act opens up about their musical preferences for the 'Marie Claire' series "Listen Up."


It's bound to be an unpredictable awards show.


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.