By AMELIA WYNNE FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  17:34, 16 June 2024   |  Updated:  16:07, 17 June 2024   
 68
View  comments
The Capital Summertime Ball with Barclaycard was kicking off at Wembley in London on Sunday night - with a host of singing superstars gearing up for performances.
And Perrie Edwards, Raye and Sabrina Carpenter led the arrivals ahead of hitting the stage, with Perrie wearing a sexy black leather strapless top.
The former Little Mix singer, 30, will be performing without her old bandmates after starting her own successful solo career with hits like Forget About Us and Tears.
As she posed backstage she teamed her sexy top with plain black trousers and boosted her height with platform heels. 
Perrie wore her long blonde tresses in loose waves and opted for glowing bronzed makeup while accessorising with silver hoop earrings.
The Capital Summertime Ball was kicking off at Wembley in London on Sunday night - with a host of singing superstars including Perrie Edwards gearing up for performances
Raye (left) and Sabrina Carpenter (right) also made glamorous appearances ahead of hitting the stage
The former Little Mix singer, 30, will be performing without her old bandmates after starting her own successful solo career with hits like Forget About Us and Tears
Sabrina, 25, showed off her pins in a red mini skirt and white vest that said 'KISS' on it, and added bright heels to her look.
Meanwhile Raye oozed glamour in a light pink silk dress which had a sexy backless design. 
Raye, 26, wore her dark tresses in a bouncy style and opted for glowing makeup including a pop of red lip. 
Elsewhere Meghan Trainor, also 30, put on a leggy display in a skimpy silver sequin skirt and sheer black top.
She showed off her gorgeous curves in the short skirt which was teamed with sexy black heeled boots. 
Also due to perform is Bradley Simpson - the lead singer of The Vamps and French legend David Guetta.
Electronic band Rudimental, 90s trio Sugababes and music producer Jax Jones have also been confirmed, alongside Summertime Ball newcomer Benson Boone. 
More huge names confirmed to play Capital's Summertime Ball were revealed on Capital Breakfast last month were: RAYE, Meghan, Becky Hill, Aitch, Sugababes, Ella Henderson and Paul Russell.
Perrie led the arrivals ahead of hitting the stage and wore a sexy black leather strapless top with buckle detailing 
Perrie wore her long blonde tresses in loose waves and opted for glowing bronzed makeup while accessorising with silver hoop earrings
Sabrina, 25, showed off her pins in a red mini skirt and white vest that said 'KISS' on it, and added bright heels to her look
Meanwhile Raye oozed glamour in a light pink silk dress which had a sexy backless design and low-cut top
Raye, 26, wore her dark tresses in a bouncy style and opted for glowing makeup including a pop of red lip
She accessorised with a pair of dangly silver earrings and showed off her flawless and radiant makeup
Meghan Trainor also made her arrival and wore a sexy silver sequin skirt and long black leather boots
Meghan, also 30, put on a leggy display in a skimpy silver sequin skirt and sheer black and white layered top
She showed off her gorgeous curves in the short skirt which was teamed with sexy black heeled boots
She looked in great spirits ahead of hitting the stage
Ella Henderson attends the Capital Summertime Ball 2024 at Wembley Stadium wearing an edgy black ensemble
Ella kicked off the night with her songs and before heading out on stage posed for some backstage snaps 
She then took to the stage to belt out all her biggest hits and looked effortlessly cool in a silver jacket 
She looked great in the cropped jacket which she teamed with a pair of black and white trousers
Ella was warming the crowds up ahead of the big evening 
She wore dazzling silver eyeshadow to give a pop of colour to her look
Becky Hill took to the stage in a grey mini dress teamed with thigh-high black boots and belted out he hits 
She looked fully in control during her sexy performance
She sported some intricate arm tattoos as she took to the stage
She seemed to be getting the crowds energised with her incredible performance
She looked great in her stage outfit 
Pop princess Sabrina will make her debut at Capital's Summertime Ball with Barclaycard this year. 
The Disney actress-turned-singer has had a sensational breakthrough as a songstress, and her highly anticipated single Espresso earlier was out earlier this month.
Grammy-award-winning David, the first name to be announced has collaborated with some of the world's biggest stars including SIA, Nicki Minaj, Rihanna, Justin Bieber and Ariana Grande.  
Perrie, who rose to fame as part of BRIT award-winning girl group Little Mix will formally make her solo debut at the Capital Summertime Ball.
Earlier this month the vocalist released her first solo single Forget About Us which climbed the Official Big Top 40 by Global chart and went straight to number 
Breakout star Benson Boone will also be making his debut at Capital's Summertime Ball with Barclaycard, playing to his largest audience ever. 
The American's sensational trajectory shows no signs of slowing down as he releases hit-after-hit including In The Stars, Slow It Down and Beautiful Things which climbed the Official Big Top 40 by Global chart to number 3.
Drum and bass quartet Rudimental will make their return to the famous concert.
The BRIT award-winning group had one of the biggest tracks last year, Dancing Is Healing, and have collaborated with some of the biggest names in music including Ed Sheeran, Macklemore, and Dizzee Rascal.
Songwriter, DJ, remixer and producer Jax Jones is sure to get the party going and Six-time BRIT Award winner RAYE, who has seen a stratospheric ascent to stardom in the last year, also joins the ball.
A huge favourite with Capital listeners, Jax Jones has collaborated on huge hits including One Touch with Jess Glynne, This Is Real with Ella Henderson and Play with Years and Years.
Bradley Simpson, the former frontman of British band The Vamps started his journey as a solo artist this year. 
He released his first single Cry At The Moon in March and a solo debut studio album is confirmed to be released later this year.
BRITs Rising Star 2024 nominee Caity Baser joined Joel Corry at the Summertime Ball last year but this year the singer-songwriter will take to the stage in her solo debut at Wembley, playing to 80,000 Capital listeners.
Some of the acts announced last are even travelling from across the pond for the UK's biggest summer party.
These include All about that bass singer Meghan Trainor and American rapper Paul Russell, making his Capital Summertime Ball debut this year.
Also gracing the stage are BRIT award winning rapper Aitch and pop princess Ella Henderson.
Queen of dance Becky Hill will play her chart-smashing dance-pop songs, and the iconic 90s group Sugababes will bring the throwback vibes this June.
Ashley Tabor-King CBE, Founder & Executive President of Global, said: 'Capital's Summertime Ball with Barclaycard is back and this year we can't wait to see some debut ball performances from some fantastic new artists that are blowing up the charts right now. 
Mutya Buena, Keisha Buchanan and Siobhan Donaghy from the Sugababes all posed together ahead of their turn on stage
The trio looked ready for action in white and black ensembles as they posed backstage together
Capital presenter Jordan North arrived looking smart in a dark grey suit and bright white T-shirt 
Laura Anderson who works for the station in Scotland was also in attendance and wore a pretty flowery dress
She posed with her co-host Fat Brestovci who wore a bright yellow suit and white trainers
Laure looked stunning in the sheer number which revealed her toned physique underneath and underwear
They looked like they were having a great time ahead of the event 
She looked as radiant as ever in flawless bronzed makeup
Jax Jones made quite the arrival in a quirky blue fluffy hat 
Jax Jones and Cascada performing on stage at Capital's Summertime Ball 2024
Cascada showed off her figure in a gold and black cat suit with a corset
Love Island's Kem Cetinay also made his arrival wearing a denim blue shirt 
He looked as cool as ever in his double denim ensemble
Paul Russell performing on stage at Capital's Summertime Ball 2024
Natasha Bedingfield gave a surprise performance at the event 
She wore a colourful green and pink floaty dress
She opted for radiant makeup with a slick of light pink lip
David Guetta wore a shiny silver jacket and jeans 
He looked ready to take to the stage
'It'll also be Jordan North's first Capital Ball and we can't wait to see him on stage at Wembley, in front of 80,000 Capital listeners for the first time!'
James Rea, Chief Broadcasting & Content Officer of Global, said: 'Capital puts on the most fantastic live events, and nothing beats the incredible atmosphere at Wembley. 
'From Soundcheck Saturday to the Capital Afterparty, we'll be broadcasting live from Wembley across the weekend, there will be something for everyone'.
Capital Breakfast's Jordan said: 'Capital's Summertime Ball with Barclaycard is the official start of the summer and yet again, is bringing a world-class line-up to Wembley!'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group