This marks the eighth time the EMAs have been held in the UK
The performers and presenters for the Manchester MTV EMAs have been announced.
The 2024 edition of the awards ceremony will be presented from the Co-op Live Arena in Manchester on November 10, and will be available to watch live on MTV UK, Channel 5 and Pluto TV.
At the event, it has been confirmed that Benson Boone will perform live, following the huge success of his viral hit ‘Beautiful Things’. Taken from his ‘Fireworks & Rollerblades’ debut, the song remains the most-streamed track in 2024 to date and is now certified five-times platinum.
Also set to perform is RAYE, who cleared up at the 2024 BRITS this year – breaking the record for most trophies taken home by an artist in one night – and delivered a powerful performance at the main stage of Reading & Leeds earlier this summer.
Shawn Mendez will also be performing on the night, following the announcement of his forthcoming fifth studio album, as will 2024 breakout star Teddy Swims. The latter reached huge success with his debut album ‘I’ve Tried Everything But Therapy’, and recently announced the ‘Part II’ version.
Mexican-born sister trio The Warning will also be taking to the stage on the night, and are appearing following the massive response to their latest studio album ‘Keep Me Fed’.
Stormzy performs on stage during the MTV Europe Music Awards 2022. CREDIT: Dave Hogan / MTV / Getty Images
As well as the artists performing on the night, a number of high-profile faces are set to appear at the ceremony as presenters. These include Bush frontman Gavin Rossdale, and actors Aaron Taylor-Johnson, Jodie Turner-Smith and Lucien Laviscount.
Taylor Swift leads the way for the second year running with the most nominations this year – up for seven awards including Biggest Fans, Best Artist, Best Pop and more – and she is followed by Billie Eilish, Ariana Grande, Charli XCX and Sabrina Carpenter, who each have five nods.
Others up for awards on the night include Chappell Roan, Tyla and Beyoncé. Find a full list of nominees here.
Fans can vote for the artists they want to win on the EMAs website up until midnight CET on November 6. Tickets to the ceremony will be announced at a later date, and you can watch a stream of the event on demand via Paramount+ from November 12.
As highlighted by Billboard, this will be the eighth time that the EMAs have been held in the UK. Last year, the event was set to be held in Paris on November 5, although it ultimately became the first ceremony to be cancelled, following the outbreak of the Israel-Hamas war.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.