Tonight on "American Idol," the Top 24 travel to Aulani, a Disney Resort and Spa in Ko Olina Hawaii, with the second set of 12 taking the stage for America’s first vote this season. Grammy nominee Jelly Roll mentors, performs and joins Luke Bryan, Katy Perry and Lionel Richie on the judging panel. Ryan Seacrest hosts.
Below, follow with our live blog for "American Idol 22" Episode 9 airing Monday, April 8 (8:00 p.m. - 10:00 p.m. ET/PT). The other 12 contestants performed Sunday, April 7 and the Top 20 will be revealed Sunday, April 14.
SEE 'American Idol 22' predictions: Now YOU can predict who will win and who'll be voted out next
8:05 p.m. -- The Top 24 have arrived at Aulani, a Disney Resort and Spa in Ko Olina Hawaii. For the first time they'll perform in front of a live audience, hoping YOU will vote them through to next week's Top 20. Let's see which 12 take the stage tonight!
8:10 p.m. -- Kicking things off tonight is Platinum Ticket winner Odell Bunton Jr., a 29-year-old from Austin, Texas. He sings "Uptown Funk" by Bruno Mars. He has the chops for this song, but the first half is missing the showmanship of a pro like Bruno. That said, his vocal acrobatics take it up a notch in the second half and things get more exciting from there. You can tell the judges are feeling this, particularly Jelly Roll and Lionel. Finally Odell starts dancing around the stage as well. It's a fun way to begin the night! Jelly calls it "absolutely incredible." Lionel says, "You made the crowd react the way you're supposed to make the crowd react." Katy says he did that "Odell style." Luke thinks the best thing about it is that Odell put his own stamp on an iconic song.
8:15 p.m. -- Next is Elleigh Marie, a 20-year-old from American Fork, Utah. She sings "Forget You" by CeeLo Green. Elleigh admits she was cheated on and says, "Maybe I would have picked something more heartfelt if I wasn't so pissed." She sounds good, but I'm even more impressed by how well this newcomer works the stage. Lionel compliments her "attack" on the audience and tells her to remember not to think about what she's doing. Katy is thrilled to see another side to Elleigh, who she has only seen ballads so far. Luke says, "Way to put it all together." Jelly says, "Wow! Did you show up when it really matters."
8:25 p.m. -- Next is Mackenzie Sol, a 23-year-old from Henderson, Nevada. He sings "Jealous" by Nick Jonas. He's not shy at all on this stage and has his own interpretation of the song, which is nice to hear. He's not my favorite vocalist, but he's got a ton of charisma and should have plenty of votes coming his way. Katy calls it his best performance to date. Luke compliments his stage presence and his ability to navigate his falsetto. Jelly says Mackenzie blew his mind and he hopes the contestant coasts into the Top 20. Lionel says Mackenzie "brought sexy to 'American Idol'."
8:35 p.m. -- Next is Jennifer Jeffries, an 18-year old from Starkville, Mississippi. She sings "Bruises" by Lewis Capaldi. This girl has the coolest voice. You can tell the judges are just in love with her. She's so unique. Jelly says, "When you open your mouth I hear a lifetime of pain and conviction." Lionel says, "Because you felt it, we felt it." Katy says Jennifer is in the process of changing into the diamond they know she is. Luke thinks Jennifer is amazing and enjoyed hearing her sing a hit song for the first time.
8:50 p.m. -- Following a performance from Jelly Roll (singing his song "Highway to Hell"), it's time to hear from Emmy Russell, a 25-year-old from Nashville. She sings "Beautiful Things" by Benson Boone. She puts her own spin on this song and it's the best I've heard her sing. She's got a great voice for country music, which isn't shocking considering her grandma is Loretta Lynn. Jelly is proud of her because he knows how nervous Emmy was going into the performance. Lionel says the texture of Emmy's voice is her whole career and when she sings he believes it. Katy is proud this version of "American Idol" is so welcoming to singer-songwriters and encourages Emmy to keep pushing her vocals. Luke says as people get to know Emmy her shyness will disappear.
9:00 p.m. -- Closing out the first hour is Ajii, a 27-year-old from Brooklyn. He sings "Higher" by Tems. The judges are getting goosebumps as they watch this one. Jelly calls it "beautiful." Lionel says Ajii took command of the stage and he's "prepared to take this home." Katy says this was a whole new Ajii and his personality is "infectious." Luke compares him to Jelly Roll and says Ajii just "owned that moment."
9:10 p.m. -- Next is Kennedy Reid, a 23-year old from New Albany, Indiana. She sings "Fancy" by Reba McEntire. What a great song, I hope she pulls this off! Kennedy says she's wearing the biggest wig she's got and can't wait to show off her sassy side. I love how she's picking up the mic stand and rocking out to this song. Very fun performance. The judges look gobsmacked! Katy thinks America is going to be obsessed with Kennedy and says, "Thank God America is voting tonight." Lionel says, "You killed it!" Luke says watching her confidence grow makes them more excited than anything. Jelly says, "Tonight, I see a full-blown superstar."
9:20 p.m. -- Next is Jack Blocker, a 25-year-old from Dallas, Texas. He sings "Rainbow" by Kacey Musgraves. This song is perfection and it was a wise choice from Jack. He sounds great on it and I'm certain he's going to pull in millions of votes for this. Jelly Roll loves Jack's weird facial expressions and I think a lot of voters are getting used to that as well. Sorry Katy! Katy says it's the best she's seen or heard him thus far. Luke says he felt like he was watching a pro. Jelly says Jack gives him goosebumps as soon as he starts singing. Lionel calls Jack "a storyteller's storyteller."
9:30 p.m. -- Next is Roman Collins, a 24-year-old from Long Beach, California. He sings "How Sweet It Is (To Be Loved By You)" by Marvin Gaye. He throws so much gospel flare into this, it's tough not to be impressed with those runs. He throws himself into each performance and reminds me of Fantasia when she's on stage. It may not be everyone's cup of tea, but I love it. Jelly says the spirit of God flows out of Roman when he opens his mouth. Lionel pleads for everyone to vote because "that brother was on fire." Katy says Roman "found the sweet spot" and gave us "his sauce" but not too much. Luke calls it a 30-minute show wrapped up in two minutes.
8:40 p.m. -- Next is KBlocks, a 27-year-old from Montgomery, Alabama. She sings a cover of Katy's own "Harleys in Hawaii." She's such an interesting performer. I love her, but I have a feeling she's not going to relate to the masses with this cover. She's missing the high notes and isn't nailing this song the way she did Amy Winehouse last week. Jelly loves that KBlocks is "unapologetically" herself and "on an island of her own." Luke calls her "something visual to behold." Lionel says she's "possessed" when she's on stage. Katy asks KBlocks to do an official remix to this song.
8:50 p.m. -- Next is Mia Matthews, a 19-year-old from Centre, Alabama. She sings "Daddy's Hands" by Holly Dunn, dedicating it to her father who passed away. I think this is the first time I've seen her without a guitar. She's just standing there flat-footed and delivering the emotional lyrics. Everyone's crying! Jelly calls it "special" and says Mia will slide into the Top 20 "easy money." Lionel praises Mia for showing her vulnerable side and calls it her best performance yet. Katy calls it "profound" and says Mia was "born tonight." Luke says Mia is "country through and through" and loved this modern-day version of a classic song.
10:00 p.m. -- Last to perform tonight is Triston Harper, a 15-year-old from McIntosh, Alabama. He sings "God's Country" by Blake Shelton. I can't believe this kid is 15. Jelly calls Triston "the youngest man with the oldest soul" he's ever met. He adds, "You can win this competition!" Lionel calls it "amazing" and says Triston's voice is "pure magic." Katy says Triston may be a minor, but he's a "major deal." Luke encourages Triston to keep having fun and says he expects the youngster to do well in this contest.
Be sure to make your predictions to influence our reality TV racetrack odds. You can keep changing your predictions until just before the next episode airs on ABC. You'll compete to win eternal bragging rights and a spot on our "American Idol" leaderboard. See our contest rules and sound off with other fans in our reality TV forum. Read more Gold Derby entertainment news.
SIGN UP for Gold Derby’s free newsletter with latest predictions
I hate that Tristan’s mom is cheering him on. She hasn’t given him any kind of home and now wants to live off of his talent. He’s15!!!!
See it people like you that are quick to judge her not knowing anything about what she has been through in her life the struggles she has had. You know nothing about her she has had a hard life and done everything she has possibly can for her children you have no place to judge her only the good Lord above can do that and he her son wants his mother right there by his side all the way so who are you to judge her or say what you said you should be ashamed of yourself.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…
Take a trip back to the Academy Awards ceremonies of the recent past with Gold Derby’s Oscars Playback series. Hosts Joyce Eng and Christopher Rosen recap every Oscar ceremony of the 1990s and 2000s. Joyce and Chris tackle the highs and lows of each show and see how the winners aged. It’s a wonderful night for Oscar, whenever you watch!

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media