Three tracks from "Cowboy Carter" are on track for U.K. top 10 spots.

													By
												

	Lars Brandle


	A U.K. chart double beckons for Beyoncé, as Cowboy Carter and its hit single “Texas Hold ‘Em” set the pace in the race to No. 1. 

	As previously reported, Cowboy Carter (via Columbia/Parkwood Entertainment) is strides ahead of the competition at the midweek point. According to the Official Charts Company, Bey’s country-themed collection is currently outselling the rest of the top 5 combined. 

	With Cowboy Carter bolting out the gate, “Texas Hold ‘Em” lifts 2-1 on the midweek chart, and is predicted to log a fifth non-consecutive week at the summit. 





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Mase Wants Fans to Vote If He Should Attend Diddy's Trial		
	



	05/02/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Benson Boone		
					






















	
		
					Beyoncé		
					






















	
		
					Teddy Swims		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	Two more cuts from Bey’s new LP are set to crash the top 10, “Jolene” (at No. 5) and “II Most Wanted” with Miley Cyrus (No. 8). If both tracks hold their course, Beyonce’s career tally of U.K. top 10 hits will lift to 24.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	Meanwhile, Benson Boone’s two-week reign with “Beautiful Things” (Warner Records) is expected to end at the hands of Bey, down 2-1 on the midweek tally. The Washington-raised singer and songwriter is on the verge of a third U.K. top 40 appearance, however, with “Slow It Down” up 49-26 on the midweek chart (Boone’s 2022 single “In The Stars” reached No. 21). 

	Closing out the top three on the midweek tally is Teddy Swims’ “Lose Control” (Atlantic), expected to maintain control of No. 3.

	British-Cypriot DJ and producer Artemas is on the brink of his first U.K. top 10 with “i like the way you kiss mem” (Parlophone), up 13-7 on the chart blast. 

	Further down the midweek survey, Irish DJ duo NewEra takes flight with “Birds In The Sky” (Warner Records), up 21-19 for a potential new peak position, while Jungle’s soulful throwback number “Back on 74” (Caiola) is eying a new peak position, up 47-23 peak following a viral uplift. 

	Several singles are on the way up, including The Blessed Madonna & Clementine Douglas’ “Happier” (up 39-25 via FFRR); and U.S. indie-pop singer, songwriter, producer and TikTok creator Mark Ambor, who is predicted to bag his first U.K. top 40 entry with “Belong Together” (Hundred Days), up 66-29 on the midweek tally.

	All will be revealed when the Official U.K. Singles Chart is published late Friday, April 5.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.