A top rock band has announced they will be performing a one-off intimate show in Manchester to coincide with the MTV European Music Awards coming to town - and tickets will cost just £15 each.
The awards ceremony, which will be hosted by Rita Ora, will take place at Co-op Live on November 10 and will feature performances from the likes of Raye, Benson Boone and Shawn Mendes.
Alongside the big EMAs event itself, which will be streamed globally, MTV will also be hosting a series of gigs and events as part of its takeover of the city - including an exclusive gig from legendary rock band Bush the night before the show.
READ MORE: Oasis announce FULL line-up for UK and Ireland tour dates in 2025 with big opening act confirmed
On November 9, the band, fronted by Gavin Rossdale, will take to the stage at New Century for an intimate show. Known for hits including Swallowed, Glycerine and Comedown, Bush have released nine albums since forming in the early 90s.
Billed as a show featuring their greatest hits, the gig will serve as the first preview for fans ahead of a big European tour set to take place next year. Tickets for the Manchester show will go on sale on Wednesday (October 30).
But fans will have to keep an eye out on Bush's social media on the day to find out how to get tickets - as they will be strictly limited and only available via a link shared with Bush fans at 12PM. Tickets will be priced at £15, including fees.
Gavin said of the special gig: "We are so excited to bring the greatest hits tour to Manchester first ahead of a European run later next year. New Century Hall is a legendary venue. We can’t wait to celebrate with MTV."
The show is taking place as part of the MTV World Stage series of gigs, which sees some of the world’s biggest acts take to exclusive settings for unique performances. In the past, the series has showcased the likes of Justin Bieber, Coldplay, Katy Perry and Maroon 5.
MTV Music Week next week will also feature a host of events across the city, including MTV Gonzo on Tour, a Homobloc brunch at Diecast, and a MTV Push Live event showcasing some of Manchester's most exciting emerging acts - with more details here.
Bush frontman Gavin has also been announced as one of the presenters during the EMAs next week. He will join the likes of Emily in Paris star Lucien Laviscount and actress Jodie Turner-Smith set to make an on-stage appearance during the show.
Tickets for Bush’s show at New Century Hall on November 9 will go on sale on Wednesday (October 30) via Bush's Instagram.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.