By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Monday’s episode of The Voice was not only marked by mostly pretty damn good Blind Auditions, it might have also given us a sneak preview of Season 26’s finale. Reba McEntire was so determined to recruit a four-chair turn over Snoop Dogg, Gwen Stefani and Michael Bublé that she gave the rocker in question a taste of what it felt like to win. Was the singer deserving of the hoopla, though? Read on, and we’ll discuss.
Georgia Starnes (Team Snoop), “Too Good at Goodbyes” — Grade: A | No idea what the coaches were waiting for. Though this 21-year-old Texan wound up getting a four-chair turn, no one hit their button until she was halfway through her soulful and exceptionally well-controlled Sam Smith cover. Until we get to hear her perform again, I’ll have — wait for it — Georgia on my mind. (Sorry.)

 




Related Stories Grosse Pointe Garden Society Finally Reveals Who Died the Night of the Gala — And It’s Not Who You Expected SNL Is Stuck in a Creative Rut in Its 50th Season — Can It Be Fixed? 
Edward Preble (Team Michael), “Luck Be a Lady” — Grade: A- | This wanna-Bublé who says stuff like “This is a gas!” as if he stepped out of a Rat Pack movie delivered such a swingin’ rendition of the golden oldie that I wasn’t just surprised that he only got two chair turns, I was annoyed. But perhaps it was strategy on the coaches’ part; how will Edward fare when he’s assigned Dua Lipa in the Battles?
Creigh Riepe (Team Reba), “Beautiful Things” — Grade: B- | Maybe only because I love Benson Boone’s original version so much, this recovering alcoholic girldad’s take on it took until the chorus to really grab me. Then the two-chair turn impressed with his dynamics and range. It isn’t likely to hurt him going forward that he looks like he could be Kayce Dutton’s kid brother on Yellowstone.
Adam Bohahan (Team Reba), “Home” — Grade: C+ | This self-described “really big nerd” was immediately endearing but not immediately astounding. His vocal was good… ish. It was interesting… esque. But it didn’t really knock me into orbit. The coaches weren’t altogether dazzled, either. Adam’s “dirty soul” sounded pretty clean, to the point that he had to be saved by a last-minute turn from Reba.
Jeremy Beloate (Team Michael), “Heartbreak Anniversary” — Grade: A | Singing since he was 4, this twentysomething, whose family has suffered terrible losses due to its history of addiction, hit the stage with a kickass cover of Giveon’s hit. The four-chair turn’s voice was emotional and pliable, he demonstrated great range, and he wasn’t just present, he was present intense.

 





Jaylen Dunham (Team Gwen), “Listen” — Grade: A- | This 14-year-old turned out such an impassioned performance of Beyonce’s ballad that my jaw was left on the floor when he didn’t get a single chair turn. WTH?!? Yeah, there were a couple of moments where it sounded like his voice was changing in real time, but the kid wasn’t good, he was next-Michael-Jackson great. Thank heavens for Gwen’s Replay!
Mistermoon (Team Snoop), “Deeper Well” — Grade: A | This duo of fast friends sounded like a dream from which I didn’t want to wake up. Their soft, storyteller vibe and lovely harmonies felt like aloe vera for the soul. And unlike at least one member of 323, neither of these two looked like she was scared so close to death that a medic should be kept nearby. 
Tate Renner (Team Reba), “Hurricane” — Grade: A | Whoo boy, from the first note, this 24-year-old redhead was spitting gravel. You’ve heard of stankface? He was giving us stankvoice, and I was living for it. Whereas Adam’s “dirty soul” didn’t sound all that dirty, Tate’s country really sounded both down and dirty — like 3 a.m. on the wrong side of town. To quote Britney Spears, “Gimme, gimme more!”
Frankie Torres (Team Gwen), “Magic Man” — Grade: B | This was an odd Blind: While I liked Frankie’s voice in theory, I didn’t like it on this Heart classic. It just wasn’t raw enough to do the song justice. It was like she was going through the motions but not feeling them. Nevertheless, she got a four-chair turn and so inspired Reba that she showed Frankie what it would feel like to win, confetti and all. (See photo at the top of this post.)

 





Your thoughts on Monday’s episode? Were you also relieved that Jaylen got Gwen’s Replay? Did you think too much was made of Frankie’s performance? Comment away.
Comments are monitored, so don’t forkin' curse and don’t bore us with how much your coworker’s sister-in-law makes per hour. Talk smart about TV! 
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * Your email address will not be published. We will notify you when someone replies.
Δ
I was very impressed with the voices of Tate Renner ans Jeremy Beloate.  Georgia was also good and the MisterMoon duo, too.
It was amazing to see Tiffany Taylor from my favourite movie Camp on there – sad she didn’t get a turn when some of the above singers weren’t as good (Yes I know the song wasn’t as great a choice as it could have been) – but still, amazing to see such a talented performer on the show regardless. She brought the emotion to the finale of that movie that’s for sure!
By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.