By ZEENIA NAQVEE  
 Published:  12:56, 29 April 2024   |  Updated:  12:56, 29 April 2024   
 1
View  comments
Capital's Summertime Ball will return to Wembley Stadium on June 16 and some of the lineup has been announced ahead of the London concert.
And fans were delighted to discover that an iconic girlband member is set to make her debut solo appearance at the star-studded event. 
And that person is Perrie Edwards.  The singer, 30, formerly of Little Mix fame, was confirmed in the lineup on Capital Breakfast on Monday morning among some other big names.
Fans took to X, formerly known as Twitter to share their joy, with some even claiming the South Shields native will 'save' this year's Capital Summertime Ball.
'Perrie in Summertime Ball let's goooooooo'.
Summertime Ball fans were thrilled to discover on Monday that iconic girlband member Perrie Edwards is set to make her debut solo appearance at the star-studded concert  
Her fans took to Twitter to express their joys over the news - she will make her solo debut at the London venue this June, after rising to fame as part of Little Mix
'Perrie is going to EAT up that Summertime Ball'.
'Not two of my favourite blondes (Perrie and Sabrina) going to the Summertime Ball and I can't cause I'm saving for more concerts'.
'Perrie will be serving VOCALS at her Summertime Ball performance'. 
'PERRIE IS DOING WHAT'.
'Perrie is about to save this year's Summertime Ball'.
But she is not the only celeb to make an appearance at the June festival.
Earlier this month the vocalist released her first solo single Forget About Us which climbed the Official Big Top 40 by Global chart and went straight to number one.
Also due to perform is American pop sensation Sabrina Carpenter, as well as Bradley Simpson - the lead singer of The Vamps and French legend David Guetta. 
Electronic band Rudimental, pop singer Caity Baser and music producer Jax Jones have also been confirmed, alongside Summertime Ball newcomer Benson Boone.
Nonsense singer Sabrina Carpenter will be sure to impress fans at Wembley this year
Tickets for Capital's Summertime Ball with Barclaycard are available on Global Player and go on sale at 9am on May 1. 
Pop princess Sabrina will make her debut at Capital's Summertime Ball with Barclaycard this year. 
The Disney actress-turned-singer has had a sensational breakthrough as a songstress, and her highly anticipated single Espresso earlier was out earlier this month.
Grammy-award-winning David, the first name to be announced has collaborated with some of the world's biggest stars including SIA, Nicki Minaj, Rihanna, Justin Bieber and Ariana Grande. 
Breakout star Benson Boone will also be making his debut at Capital's Summertime Ball with Barclaycard, playing to his largest audience ever. 
The American's sensational trajectory shows no signs of slowing down as he releases hit-after-hit including In The Stars, Slow It Down and Beautiful Things which climbed the Official Big Top 40 by Global chart to number 3.
Drum and bass quartet Rudimental will make their return to the famous concert.
French DJ David Guetta is one of the biggest names in dance, having collaborated with some of the world's biggest stars including SIA, Nicki Minaj  Rihanna, Justin Bieber and Ariana Grande
The BRIT award-winning group had one of the biggest tracks last year, Dancing Is Healing, and have collaborated with some of the biggest names in music including Ed Sheeran, Macklemore, and Dizzee Rascal.
Songwriter, DJ, remixer and producer Jax Jones is sure to get the party going.
A huge favourite with Capital listeners, Jax Jones has collaborated on huge hits including One Touch with Jess Glynne, This Is Real with Ella Henderson and Play with Years and Years.
Bradley Simpson, the former frontman of British band The Vamps started his journey as a solo artist this year. 
He released his first single Cry At The Moon in March and a solo debut studio album is confirmed to be released later this year.
BRITs Rising Star 2024 nominee Caity Baser joined Joel Corry at the Summertime Ball last year but this year the singer-songwriter will take to the stage in her solo debut at Wembley, playing to 80,000 Capital listeners.
Ashley Tabor-King CBE, Founder & Executive President of Global, said: 'Capital's Summertime Ball with Barclaycard is back and this year we can't wait to see some debut ball performances from some fantastic new artists that are blowing up the charts right now. 
'It'll also be Jordan North's first Capital Ball and we can't wait to see him on stage at Wembley, in front of 80,000 Capital listeners for the first time!'
American newcomer Benson Boone is no stranger to success, having had  hit after hit including his song Beautiful Things which climbed the Official Big Top 40 by Global chart to number 3
James Rea, Chief Broadcasting & Content Officer of Global, said: 'Capital puts on the most fantastic live events, and nothing beats the incredible atmosphere at Wembley. 
'From Soundcheck Saturday to the Capital Afterparty, we'll be broadcasting live from Wembley across the weekend, there will be something for everyone'.
Capital Breakfast's Jordansaid: 'What a morning! We just announced the first batch of massive artists that will be taking to the stage at Capital's Summertime Ball with Barclaycard and the reaction has been huge! 
'Make sure you tune in to Capital Breakfast tomorrow morning to hear even more huge acts added to the line-up!'
Fans will be able to get tickets for Capital's Summertime Ball at 9am on May 1
'Capital's Summertime Ball with Barclaycard is the official start of the summer and yet again, is bringing a world-class line-up to Wembley!'
Capital listeners who are logged into Global Player will get exclusive pre-sale access to tickets from Tuesday April 30th. 
And if you pay with your Barclaycard or Barclays Premier Card (via Barclaycard Entertainment or the Global Player link) you can get 10% off pre-sale tickets.
The lineup is still being updated with more acts to come.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group