Manage your account
Jen Rosenstein
Los Angeles' contributing photographer Jen Rosenstein, who shot last month's Benson Boone cover and our LA Press Club-nominated Pride issue cover of Adam Lambert (to name just a couple) had the historic opportunity to photograph Vice President and presidential candidate Kamala Harris at her Las Vegas Rally on Halloween (her third time snapping images for the White House). Here, she chronicles what the experience was like, gives some background on her previous shoots with Harris and her press secretary, and shares her thoughts on this consequential election.
On Halloween eve, Oct. 30th, at 3:38 pm, I received a phone call from Washington, D.C. Wearing my Harris/Walz cool camo hat as I filled out my voter ballot with my wife on our porch in Los Angeles, my attention was focused on casting my vote for Kamala Harris to be our next president.So I let it go to voicemail. But as I looked down while the message was being transcribed (thank you, iPhone), it read, ”Hi. Calling from the White House...” I quickly picked it up and said, “Hello! Hi, it’s Jen!” It was White House representatives asking if I would be available to join our VP on the campaign trail. My response, with a tear in my eye— “Yes! I would be honored!” And then my journey for the next 24 hours began.This isn’t the first time I’ve been contacted by the White House, and I hope it won’t be the last. I photographed Karine Jean-Pierre, the first openly LGBTQ person to serve in the position of White House Press Secretary, on assignment for a magazine cover, as well. Like most of these high-profile photo shoots, I was a bit anxious and nervous beforehand. But this was a little different— a high-profile person in our government, not an “A-lister” from a movie or TV show.I told Press Secretary Karine that she was a bigger rockstar than any other rockstar I’ve ever photographed! I still mean that. She’s a badass. The photo shoot was amazing and smooth. I checked in, had all my gear inspected and sniffed by dogs, showed ID, and went through all the security measures you’d expect. I was at the White House! I knew when I was there, I would photograph our Vice President one day. I wanted that so badly. We did a beautiful portrait of Press Secretary Karine on the patio of the Vice President’s office.
Related: Los Angeles Magazine Endorses Vice President Kamala Harris for President
Shortly after, my wish came true. I was commissioned to photograph Kamala Harris in Los Angeles and to do a quick portrait of her at the White House. I was assigned to meet her on the tarmac to greet her when she landed in Los Angeles. It was the first time I’ve experienced being in the White House press van and motorcade. The experience was surreal. Imagine driving from the westside of L.A. to downtown L.A. on a weekday —during rush hour traffic— in 10 minutes! We took the 405 freeway to the 10 to the 110, and no cars were on the road. Imagine seeing the city you’ve lived in your whole life open up and a route that usually takes anywhere 1-2 hours on a good rush hour day, completely open and trafficless. This was my first experience with the Vice President. After I had documented her at the Baby 2 Baby Gala last year, we went to the WNBA game at the Crypto.com Arena, where Brittney Griner made her first sports event appearance since her release. I was given the chance to photograph the Vice President, the Second Gentleman, Doug Emhoff, plus Griner and her partner in the locker room. What a moment!A week later, I was flown to Washington, D.C., to do a portrait of the Vice President for another magazine cover. This time I had a very short time to walk into her office while she was doing an interview. I quickly photographed her portrait with no photo assistant, lights, or prep time. I thought to myself, “Jen, this is why you do what you do. You got this!” And I got the shot.
This week’s trip to photograph Vice President Harris in Las Vegas during her presidential campaign rally was a dream. I was greeted by my wrangler at the meeting spot, assigned a press vehicle, and joined the motorcade. I couldn’t believe I was doing this for the second time. Who cares about shooting the next Oscar winner for a magazine cover or for Instagram clout… I am working with the Vice President and our future President of the United States. This rally, days before the election, was a stark contrast to Trump’s Madison Square Garden rally, which saw racist and anti-LGBTQ comments from him and his guests. Jennifer Lopez and the band MANÁ both endorsed and gave their heartfelt support. The positive words spoken, the cheers from the crowd and the feeling conveyed was: we will be ok. We have to be ok. And she has to win. This Tuesday I know her victory will signal a win for all of us— people of color, the working class, women, LGBTQIA+, the elderly. I also hope that the next time I get a call from the White House, it's to photograph President Harris. Please vote.
 (North Las Vegas, NV 10/31/2024 Photographer: Jen Rosenstein) 
 View the 25 images of this gallery on the original article