Menu


Search



Menu


Search



                                                                                        Manufacturing Malaise: April PMI Forecasts Continued Contraction                                        


                                                                                        Bitcoin's Bullish Outlook: Supply Crunch and Institutional Demand Drive Price Targets to $110,000 and Beyond                                        

                                                                                        Retail Sales Inch Up: Are Australian Consumers Still Holding Back?                                        


                                                                                        Forensics tool ‘reanimates’ the ‘brains’ of AIs that fail in order to understand what went wrong                                        

                                                                                        El Salvador Defies IMF, Stacks More Bitcoin                                        

                                                                                        Whales Fuel AI Crypto Frenzy: FET, AI16Z, and AIXBT Surge                                        


                                                                                        Silver Gains Momentum: Gold-Silver Ratio Signals Potential Breakout                                        


                                                                                        How rising wages for construction workers are shifting the foundations of the housing market                                        

                                                                                        From COVID to cancer: Why Canada’s RNA vaccine leadership matters more than ever                                        


                                                                                        Why Silver Could Outshine Gold After Its Record Run                                        

                                                                                        USD1 Takes Center Stage: $2 Billion Binance Deal and Tron Integration Announced                                        

                                                                                        Russia Opens Crypto Door – But Only for the Super-Rich                                        


                                                                                        Solana Soars: Can User Growth and DEX Dominance Drive SOL to $300?

Explosive Growth in April 2025 
Solana saw an uptick in user activity in April 2025, with a 12% month-to-month increase in daily transactions, processing more than 99 million transact                                        

                                                                                        El Salvador's Bold Bitcoin Bet: Balancing Innovation, Regulation, and Economic Stability                                        


                                                                                        Gold's Rally Fades: Selling Opportunity on Trade Optimism?                                        

                                                                                        Standard Chartered Says Bitcoin to $120K as ETF Inflows Surge                                        


                                                                                        The EU has banned BPAs: here’s what you need to know about this common, toxic compound                                        
 By                                    Siobhan  Harvey 
Saturday, August 24, 2024 7:47 AM UTC 
The significance and solace of poetry is closer than you think, I tell budding authors as they arrive at class with headphones on, glued to TikTok trends, or scrolling through Instagram feeds.
Given their youth, they begin to air archaic ideas about what poetry is: something that’s difficult to decipher, hard to write.
Asked to name a poet, their minds often retreat into the historical darkness where they locate Shakespeare. Perhaps a name surfaces from an era a little closer to our own – Emily Dickinson, say, or Sylvia Plath.
It’s then I offer them Dua Lipa and Benson Boone, and screen YouTube videos of “New Rules” and “Beautiful Things”.
Poetry originated in oral narrative, after all. Long before Gutenburg invented the printing press, long before the Sumerians and others developed script, humans entertained and educated, connected and comforted one another through the lyrical word.
Whether short, memorised stories exchanged between the poor and uneducated, ancestral endeavours retold at community gatherings, or epics recited for the delectation of royal courts, poetry was global and democratic. It still is.
Poetic celebrity
Poetry was also a forum for messaging with a significant reach. Sex, sexuality, love, morality, law, wrongdoing, mutiny … nothing was taboo for poetic exploration and dissemination.
Yes, even false, imagined or speculative portrayals of the proclivities of the powerful and privileged. Fake news indeed.
Publishing eventually set stories on the page and bound them within book covers. This confined poems and other forms of storytelling to the minds and mouths of the educated. But poetry overcame this challenge through continual development.
In form (sonnet, villanelle, elegy), music (rhythms, rhyme-schemes, poetic metre), tone (serious, sarcastic, sombre, sensual) and subject matter, it proliferated. More than this, across the centuries it remained accessible because of its ability to keep delivering concise, resonant narratives.
It was this relevancy that allowed poetry to generate the forerunners of celebrity culture. Take the drop-dead-gorgeous, rebellious, brooding and outspoken Lord Byron. Like contemporary rock stars and influencers, he understood how to enthral audiences by self-consciously “performing” a persona through his poems.
Verse in the digital age
Of course, the halcyon Byronic epoch is long gone – isn’t it? No. It’s 200 years since his death, but the limberness of poetry he fully embraced and showcased endures.
It’s there, for instance, in the lyric that modern pop stars employ in all musical genres – rock, rap, hip hop, rhythm and blues, country. It’s all poetry.
Nor has it shed those past means of expression and appeal. The in-person performances that elevated Byron to stardom are alive in popular weekly poetry readings starring Aotearoa’s best and brightest verse-makers, from north to south.
Similarly, poetry has adapted and found opportunity in the digital age, reinventing itself in local webpages such as Best New Zealand Poems, Poetry Archive and Poetry Foundation, and particularly on TikTok, where short and concise verse very much suits the new media.
Poets now get to bypass the “slush pile” and silence of conventional publishers to reach millions keen for succinct, stimulating writing.
Perhaps inevitably, given the unregulated world of social media, the trend has been accompanied by complaints of plagiarism. As Big Tech evolves, the death knell is being rung for the arts and artists. AI-generated poetry has provided an early warning of the possible philistine future.
Heart, mind and imagination
It’s right, of course, to decry the simulated creation of an art form as traditional and personal as poetry. As an author, I recognise the threats from loss of work, loss of voice, value, royalties and returns. It’s a loss, fundamentally, of the unique identity Aotearoa offers the world through its art and artists.
But while I have no faith in the multinational tech titans and their prioritisation of profit over creative integrity and originality, as a writer with a 30-year career, I have – and always will have – faith in the word.
AI can help anyone generate a poem, no doubt. But poetry – that channel for the expressive and emotional – has remained resilient because it is sourced not from the screen but the heart, mind and imagination. To these persistent allies it belongs.
No artificial intelligence will ever experience, let alone truly reflect, that human essence. Nor can it ever comprehend the mobility and metamorphosis of poetry I write of here. It can only replicate.
So, whether it’s on National Poetry Day or any other date, try to experience poetry created, crafted and performed by people. Online too. But most of all, in a way no algorithm can match, experience poetry created, crafted and performed by yourself.
Don’t overthink it – within you lie the words, meanings, cadences, repetitions and experiences only you can unleash.
Breathing through your nose when you exercise may make your runs easier
Entrepreneurs are facing a mental health crisis — here's how to help them
Are fish oil supplements as healthy as we think? And is eating fish better?
Will AI kill our creativity? It could – if we don’t start to value and protect the traits that make us human
Does AI have a right to free speech? Only if it supports our right to free thought
How can I lower my cholesterol? Do supplements work? How about psyllium or probiotics?
Why we need to set limits on sperm donation
Aging with a healthy brain: How lifestyle changes could help prevent up to 40% of dementia cases
Seven techniques to avoid weight regain, approved by experts
 
                                                                                                U.S. Ends Duty-Free Rule for Chinese Packages, Impacting Shein, Temu, and Air Cargo
 
                                                                                                Ben & Jerry’s Accuses Unilever of Political Censorship Amid Legal Battle
 
                                                                                                Nike, Adidas Urge Trump to Exempt Footwear from Tariffs Amid Industry Fears
 
                                                                                                HSBC Sustainability Chief Exits Amid ESG Strategy Shift
 
                                                                                                July Now Favored for First Fed Rate Cut After Strong April Jobs Report
 
                                                                                                FxWirePro: EUR/AUD faces downside risks after falling below key fib level
 
                                                                                                Trump Administration Plans Major CIA and Intelligence Staff Cuts
 
                                                                                                Australia Votes as Labor Leads Amid Trump Concerns and Cost-of-Living Pressures
 
                                                                                                TikTok Fined €530M Over EU Data Privacy Violations, Faces China Data Transfer Suspension
 
                                                                                                FxWirePro:  GBP/NZD slips as market sentiment shifts in favor of riskier assets

Back to Top ▲


                        

                        
                        ©PUBLISH Holdings . All Rights Reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.                    
Disclaimer: EconoTimes provides references and links to selected blogs and other sources of economic and market information as an educational service to its clients and prospects and does not endorse the opinions or recommendations of the blogs or other sources of information. Clients and prospects are advised to carefully consider the opinions and analysis offered in the blogs or other information sources in the context of the client or prospect's individual analysis and decision making. None of the blogs or other sources of information is to be considered as constituting a track record. Past performance is no guarantee of future results and EconoTimes specifically advises clients and prospects to carefully review all claims and representations made by advisors, bloggers, money managers and system vendors before investing any funds or opening an account with any Brokerage. Any news, opinions, research, data, or other information contained within this website is provided as general market commentary and does not constitute investment or trading advice. EconoTimes expressly disclaims any liability for any lost principal or profits without limitation which may arise directly or indirectly from the use of or reliance on such information. As with all such advisory services, past results are never a guarantee of future results.
Sign up for daily updates for the most important
            stories unfolding in the global economy.