By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Bygones!
Conan O’Brien will appear on NBC‘s The Tonight Show in early April, marking his return to the late-night series he briefly hosted — and was unceremoniously let go from — 14 years ago. 
O’Brien will be a guest on Tuesday, April 9, chatting with current host Jimmy Fallon about Conan O’Brien Must Go, his new series on Max. The broadcast will be his first in-person appearance on the show since his infamously short stint as host following… and then followed by… Jay Leno in 2009-2010.
O’Brien, who had hosted Late Night With Conan O’Brien on NBC from 1993 to 2009, went on to emcee TBS’ Conan. That show ran from November 2010 to June 2021. His new Max venture is an international travel show that will feature the former late-night host visiting new friends he’s met via his podcast, Conan O’Brien Needs a Fan. It will begin streaming on Thursday, April 18. (Watch a trailer.)

 





The redhead’s only Tonight Show appearance after his unmerited exit came in 2018, when he made a cameo in a video that both Fallon and The Late Show‘s Stephen Colbert used to open their respective shows one evening. The skit was in response to then-President Trump’s deeming the comedians “lowlifes” and “lost souls” during a rally; you can watch it here.
Nicole Richie and singer/songwriter Benson Boone also will be Fallon’s guests on the April 9 episode.
Will you watch O’Brien return to The Tonight Show? Let us know in the comments. 
Comments are monitored, so don’t forkin' curse and don’t bore us with how much your coworker’s sister-in-law makes per hour. Talk smart about TV! 
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * Your email address will not be published. We will notify you when someone replies.
Δ
I hope his intro song is “Freebird”.
Have Conan come out at the beginning of the show and do the monologue! Toss a ton of jokes on being a previous host and trashing NBC.. of course make sure to mention Leno somewhere in there as another dig. 
Really looking forward to seeing him! He is one of the good guys in the business.
Yep!
Oh I really hope they have some good fun with this.  Looking forward to it.
Conan is yesterday’s news. I don’t watch Jimmy Fallon anyway, and certainly won’t start now.
By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.