Drive more conversions for your clients. Get the 2025 Outlook Report + 6 Ways to Boost AI's Impact for Your Clients worksheet.
Join us live to walk away with a clear action plan for dominating search and content in 2025.
Discover quick, high-impact PPC tactics designed to boost ROI without burning out.
Join us live to walk away with a clear action plan for dominating search and content in 2025.
Discover quick, high-impact PPC tactics designed to boost ROI without burning out.
Learn how to leverage powerful linkable assets to earn high-quality links that impact search rankings. Walk away with a step-by-step framework to implement now.
YouTube unveils new ad offerings, touts creator influence, and boasts strong viewership metrics at annual Brandcast.
YouTube unveiled four new content and ad offerings at its 13th annual Brandcast at David Geffen Hall, Lincoln Center.
Key announcements include:
In addition to these news announcements, YouTube’s executive bench also took the stage to talk about their vision, the importance of content, and innovation in advertising.
Neal Mohan, the CEO of YouTube, said, “Creators are drawing audiences on the big screen because they’re the new Hollywood. They have business strategies, writers’ rooms, and production teams. They’re reimagining classic TV genres, from morning shows to sports commentary. And they’re inventing entirely new ones!”
He added, “Along the way, creators are redefining what we think of as ‘TV.’ And they deserve the same acclaim as other creative professionals. I believe it’s time a creator won an Emmy.”
Mary Ellen Coe, the Chief Business Officer of YouTube, said:
“No one is more engaged than loyal YouTube fans. They excitedly count down to new videos, rewatch old ones, and create their own in response. And they rush to their favorite creator’s channel in the 24 hours after new videos are released. Which presents an ideal moment for brands to engage with these fans.”
Sean Downey, the President of Americas and Global Partners at Google, said:
“Google AI has been at the core of our ads solutions for years. As we advance, our ability to help brands drive ROI keeps improving.”
The night featured musical performances by Billie Eilish featuring FINNEAS, Benson Boone, and Stray Kids, as well as various YouTube creators, including Haley Kalil, Kinigra Deon, Ryan Trahan, Shannon Sharpe, and Zach King.
This highlighted why a survey conducted by Kantar found that viewers in the United States say that if they could only watch one service for an entire year, YouTube would be the #1 platform they chose.
The audience gleaned other critical data throughout the evening event, which was part of the Upfronts.
For example, according to Nielsen’s total TV and streaming report for the US, YouTube has remained the leader in streaming watch time every month since February 2023. And 9 out of 10 viewers say they use YouTube, according to a Pew Research Study.
According to YouTube’s internal data, the key CTV metrics included:
Advertisers in the audience also snacked on these news nuggets:
Now, that’s a lot of news to digest. Still, as I mentioned in “Google Unveils Updates At IAB NewFronts 2024,” YouTube is also “expected to make more announcements at VidCon A” aheim 2024, which will take place from June 26–29, 2024, at the Anaheim Convention Center.
So, as TV newscasters would say in the old days, “Don’t touch that dial.”
Featured Image: Muhammad Alimaki/Shutterstock

                Greg Jarboe is president of SEO-PR, which he co-founded with Jamie O’Donnell in 2003. Their digital marketing agency has won ...             

                        Join 75,000+ Digital Leaders.                    
Learn how to connect search, AI, and PPC into one unstoppable strategy.

                        Join 75,000+ Digital Leaders.                    
Learn how to connect search, AI, and PPC into one unstoppable strategy. 
In a world ruled by algorithms, SEJ brings timely, relevant information for SEOs, marketers, and entrepreneurs to optimize and grow their businesses -- and careers.

               Copyright © 2025 Search Engine Journal. All rights reserved. Published by Alpha Brand Media.