By Alli Rosenbloom, CNN
(CNN) — Lady Gaga is returning to the desert to mark her second appearance as the headliner for Southern California’s signature Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival.
The Oscar-winner was announced as one of the three top headliners on Wednesday, according to the festival’s website, with Green Day and Post Malone rounding out the trio.
Gaga will be the Friday headliner at the two-weekend fest, with Green Day headlining on Saturday and Malone serving as the Sunday headlining act.
Rapper Travis Scott will also be appearing at the festival to perform a career retrospective set, according to Goldenvoice, the festival’s organizer.
Goldenvoice announced the full Coachella lineup on Wednesday, with artists including Charli XCX, Missy Elliot, Megan Thee Stallion, Benson Boone, Lisa, Shaboozey, the Go Go’s and FKA Twigs, among others, confirmed to appear at the festival’s 2025 offering.
Gaga notoriously headlined the music festival in 2017 after Beyoncé – then pregnant with her twins Sir and Rumi – dropped out as that year’s original headliner, per doctor’s orders. Beyoncé returned to headline the following year.
Gaga will also have new material to perform during the show – which will take place over two weekends in April in Indio’s sprawling Empire Polo Club – with her upcoming seventh studio album set to be released in February next year. “Disease,” the lead single off the album, has already been released.
Post Malone is having a standout year with his Grammy-nominated album “F-1 Trillion,” and Green Day is embarking on a world tour celebrating the 20th anniversary of “American Idiot” and the 30th anniversary of “Dookie.”
Coachella will take place on April 11-13 and April 18-20 next year. Presale begins on Friday at 2 p.m. EDT/11 a.m. PDT.
The-CNN-Wire™ & © 2024 Cable News Network, Inc., a Warner Bros. Discovery Company. All rights reserved.

Jump to comments ↓

KVIA ABC 7 is committed to providing a forum for civil and constructive conversation.
Please keep your comments respectful and relevant. You can review our Community Guidelines by clicking here 
If you would like to share a story idea, please submit it here.
Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Community Guidelines |
KVIA-TV FCC Public File | FCC Applications |
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Breaking News
Severe Weather
Daily News Updates
Daily Weather Forecast
Entertainment
Contests & Promotions
Accessibility Tools