By SAMEER SURI FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  08:08, 7 December 2024   |  Updated:  18:16, 7 December 2024   
 24
View  comments
Addison Rae, Meghan Trainor and Tori Spelling led the parade of blonde bombshells who trouped across the red carpet at the KIIS FM's iHeartRadio Jingle Ball 2024 this week.
Held at the Intuit Dome in Los Angeles, the event welcomed a cavalcade of boldface names to watch a setlist of performers that ranged from Paris Hilton to Shaboozey.
Among the assembled celebrities, Addison was a standout in a slinky white mini-dress that allowed her to show off her shapely legs to full advantage for the cameras.
The 24-year-old TikTok star, who is friends with Kourtney Kardashian, chose an outfit accented with lace trim that provided a wintry effect perfectly suited to the theme of the evening.
Sharpening her unmistakable features with makeup, the Louisiana-born influencer let her flaxen hair cascade freely over her shoulders for her latest leggy public appearance.
Meanwhile Tori, the daughter of the late TV mogul Aaron Spelling and his widow Candy Spelling, flaunted her enviably chiseled midriff in a structured crop top with a floating bust that served up a generous helping of cleavage.
(from left) Addison Rae, Meghan Trainor and Tori Spelling led the parade of blonde bombshells who trouped across the red carpet at the KIIS FM's iHeartRadio Jingle Ball 2024 this week
She slipped into a gleaming set of metallic trousers that featured a cinched-in high waistline - playing up her toned physique - as well as a set of matching suspenders.
For her latest red carpet, she brought along her daughters Stella, 16, and Hattie, 13 - two of the five children she shares with her estranged husband Dean McDermott. 
Meanwhile Meghan threw herself completely into the Christmas vibe of the evening, putting on a massive scarlet hat made of what may have been faux fur and donning a matching set of arm warmers.
Although her outfit featured the casual touch of a graphic t-shirt, she upped the glitz factor with a sparkling pair of hot pants, bringing the look together with scarlet stilettos and black feather-trim socks.
Meghan, who has been candid about her recent botched lip fillers that have made it difficult for her to smile, nevertheless managed to treat the cameras to a grin as she sauntered across the red carpet.
Paris Hilton was unmistakable in a smoldering silver outfit that featured Grecian-style drapery and served up a generous helping of cleavage as well as flashing a bit of her impressively taut midriff.
With a matching choker, fingerless opera gloves and thigh-high stiletto boots, the outfit played up Paris' willowy physique as she struck a playful pose on the red carpet, twirling a lock of her trademark blonde hair. 
Singer-songwriter Benson Boone bared his chest and abs in a sexy Santa Claus outfit, Kelly Killoren Bensimon rocked a sparkly peekaboo mini and Madison Beer's look was a tribute to an French maid uniform.
Among the assembled celebrities, Addison was a standout in a slinky white mini-dress that allowed her to show off her shapely legs to full advantage for the cameras
The 24-year-old TikTok star, who is friends with Kourtney Kardashian , chose an outfit accented with lace trim that provided a wintry effect perfectly suited to the theme of the evening
She slipped into a gleaming set of metallic trousers that featured a cinched-in high waistline - playing up her toned physique - as well as a set of matching suspenders
For her latest red carpet, she brought along her daughters Stella, 16, and Hattie, 13 - two of the five children she shares with her estranged husband Dean McDermott
Meanwhile Meghan threw herself completely into the Christmas vibe of the evening, putting on a massive scarlet hat made of what may have been faux fur and donning a matching set of arm warmers
Meghan, who has been candid about her recent botched lip fillers that have made it difficult for her to smile, nevertheless managed to treat the cameras to a grin as she sauntered across the red carpet
Paris Hilton was unmistakable in a smoldering silver outfit that featured Grecian-style drapery and served up a generous helping of cleavage as well as flashing a bit of her impressively taut midriff
Teddi Jo Mellencamp was the image of a femme fatale in a skintight dress as she hit her first red carpet since her split from her husband Edwin Arroyave - amid claims she had an affair with her married horse trainer
(from left) Singer-songwriter Benson Boone bared his chest and abs in a sexy Santa Claus outfit, Kelly Killoren Bensimon rocked a sparkly peekaboo mini and Madison Beer's look was a tribute to an French maid uniform
Ali Larter was another attendee who turned the Jingle Ball into a family event, making a rare public appearance with her children Theodore, 14, and Vivienne, nine, whom she shares with her husband Hayes MacArthur
(from left) Flavor Flav brought a touch of New York pride to Los Angeles by augmenting his red outfit with a matching Yankees cap, while Tate McRae was in midriff-flashing monochrome and Ryan Seacrest wore a suit combining varying shades of brown
Country heartthrob Kane Brown bared his toned arms and his sprawl of tattoos in a black-and-white ensemble as he attended the fete on the arm of his wife Katelyn Jae, who collaborates with him on music
TJ Holmes sweetly brought his 11-year-old daughter Sabine Holmes to the red carpet (left), while One Tree Hill alumna Jana Kramer could be seen cuddling up to her new husband, Scottish former soccer player Allan Russell (right)
A variety of performers took the stage that evening, including Madison, who changed out of her French maid outfit into a green corset dress trimmed with white, possibly faux fur in a tip of the hat to the Christmas season
Meghan also wore an outfit dripping with Yuletide cheer, including a white version of a Santa hat, matching fuzzy cuffs and also matching trim around the hem of her miniskirt
Meanwhile Paris, who released her sophomore studio album Infinite Icon this year, kept her red carpet look on and was joined by a claque of backup performers in matching gear
Shaboozey, who performs a fusion of country and hip hip. treated the assembled audience at the Intuit Dome to a rendition of his single A Bar Song (Tipsy), which was on his latest album Where I've Been, Isn't Where I'm Going
Ali Larter was another attendee who turned the Jingle Ball into a family event, making a rare public appearance with her children Theodore, 14, and Vivienne, nine, whom she shares with her husband Hayes MacArthur.
Flavor Flav brought a touch of New York pride to Los Angeles by augmenting his red outfit with a matching Yankees cap, while Tate McRae was in midriff-flashing monochrome and Ryan Seacrest wore a suit combining varying shades of brown.
TJ Holmes sweetly brought his 11-year-old daughter Sabine Holmes to the red carpet, while One Tree Hill alumna Jana Kramer could be seen cuddling up to her new husband, Scottish former soccer player Allan Russell.
Country heartthrob Kane Brown bared his toned arms and his sprawl of tattoos in a black-and-white ensemble as he attended the fete on the arm of his wife Katelyn Jae, who collaborates with him on music. 
Teddi Jo Mellencamp was the image of a femme fatale in a skintight dress as she hit her first red carpet since her split from her husband Edwin Arroyave - amid claims she had an affair with her married horse trainer. 
A variety of performers took the stage that evening, including Madison, who changed out of her French maid outfit into a green corset dress trimmed with white, possibly faux fur in a tip of the hat to the Christmas season.
Meghan also wore an outfit dripping with Yuletide cheer, including a white version of a Santa hat, matching fuzzy cuffs and also matching trim around the hem of her miniskirt. 
Meanwhile Paris, who released her sophomore studio album Infinite Icon this year, kept her red carpet look on and was joined by a claque of backup performers in matching gear.
Shaboozey, who performs a fusion of country and hip hip. treated the assembled audience at the Intuit Dome to a rendition of his single A Bar Song (Tipsy), which was on his latest album Where I've Been, Isn't Where I'm Going.
It&apos;s like a Who&apos;s the worst dressed para...

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group