Read The Latest Digest

“If we desire to avoid insult, we must be able to repel it; if we desire to secure peace, one of the most powerful instruments of our rising prosperity, it must be known that we are at all times ready for war.” —George Washington (1793)
Three Americans were killed because of Biden’s weakness, so he talked about his son and telegraphed some missile strikes.
Nate Jackson
The blood of three American soldiers is on Joe Biden’s hands. So what did he do? He made it all about himself by telling a grieving family about his own son’s death, and then he lobbed a few missiles and facilities tied to proxies of Iran. What a swell guy.
We’d be inclined to give Biden some grace for his advanced stage of dementia, as well as sympathy for losing his son Beau to cancer after losing his first wife and daughter Naomi in a car accident 50 years ago. That grief no doubt changed and haunts him.
But Joe Biden has been telling lies about himself for his entire adult life, including those deaths. He has repeatedly lied about losing his son Beau “in Iraq,” sometimes to the grieving families of American service personnel. He even did so in remembering 9/11 last year.
To tell his lie to Gold Star Families when he is responsible for the deaths of their loved ones piles disgrace upon disgrace.
Beau Biden was 46 when he died of brain cancer in 2015 at Walter Reed Medical Center rather than having “lost his life in Iraq,” where he’d served from 2008-09 with the Delaware Army National Guard. There is no evidence that Beau’s time in Iraq was the cause of his death. It would both honor Beau’s service and make Joe a sympathetic father if he’d just tell the truth in appropriate contexts.
Regarding the recent Iranian drone attack in Jordan that killed three Americans and wounded dozens more, according to the Department of Defense:
The three soldiers killed are Sgt. William Jerome Rivers of Carrollton, Georgia; Spc. Kennedy Ladon Sanders of Waycross, Georgia; and Spc. Breonna Alexsondria Moffett of Savannah, Georgia. All three were assigned to the 718th Engineer Company, 926th Engineer Battalion, 926th Engineer Brigade, Fort Moore, Georgia.
The commander-in-chief called those families, telling the parents of Spc. Sanders: “I know there’s nothing anybody can say or do to ease the pain. I’ve been there. … My son spent a year in Iraq. That’s how I lost him.”
As for the attack and response, Team Biden initially released a statement saying the assault “was carried out by radical Iran-backed militant groups operating in Syria and Iraq” and promising to “hold all those responsible to account at a time and in a manner of our choosing.”
Iran is responsible. Rather than keep his promise, however, Biden warned that retaliation was coming, just not against Iran. U.S. Central Command reported late Friday afternoon that “U.S. military forces struck more than 85 targets,” including “command and control operations centers, intelligence centers, rockets, and missiles, and unmanned aerial vehicle storages, and logistics and munition supply chain facilities of militia groups and their IRGC [Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps] sponsors.”
That’s all well and good, as is the promise of more attacks. “That is not the end of it,” National Security Advisor Jake Sullivan said on Sunday.
Unfortunately, the Iraqi government said 16 people were killed Friday, including civilians. If any jihadis were vaporized, they’d have to be incredibly foolish (or just really itching for those 72 virgins) given all the advanced warning Team Biden gave. The administration signaled from the start that it was not looking to “escalate” anything with Iran, that the strikes would be “proportional” and against militias, and that the U.S. was even waiting for better weather.
Virtually the same thing happened last month when Biden belatedly hit back at the Iranian-backed Houthis for repeated attacks on U.S. forces.
Not only did Biden telegraph his punches, but he forgot the immortal advice of Sean Connery’s Jim Malone in the 1987 film “The Untouchables.” Talking about the strategy to get gangster Al Capone, Malone said: “They pull a knife, you pull a gun. He sends one of yours to the hospital, you send one of his to the morgue.”
Malone called that “the Chicago way,” but in foreign policy, it ought to be the American way. We should make our enemies too afraid to attack America. Instead, Biden clearly fears escalation more than Iran does, which sends an unmistakable message of weakness to the entire Middle East — and to Russia and China. Iran said it has no plans to retaliate, but that’s also a lie. Its sponsored militias will do the dirty work in hopes that Biden will remain too afraid to strike Iran.
As historian Victor Davis Hanson astutely observes, “When serially attacked, loudly responding that we will only proportionally strike back and wish no wider war will only ensure a big, ugly one.”
At least if anymore Americans are killed, Biden will be able to sympathize by once again making their families’ grief all about himself.
Comment | Share
Border bill is as bad as we thought, former Trump official dies after carjacking, NYC putting migrants on welfare, and more.
Douglas Andrews, Thomas Gallatin, & Jordan Candler
The border bill is as bad as we thought: Details of the highly secretive Senate border bill finally became public yesterday. The legislation, which checks in at 370 pages and which might more accurately be called The Joe Biden Reelection Lifeline bill, is as bad as expected. Among the bill’s deceptive ingredients: $20 billion for border security, the end of Biden’s disastrous “catch and release” policy, an expansion of detention capacity for families, a raising of asylum standards and fast-tracking of asylum claims, 50,000 new visas over five years, and $650 million to expand the border wall. Oh, and $60 billion for Ukraine, $14 billion for Israel, and $10 billion for Gaza. We can’t make this stuff up. James Lankford, who ostensibly led Republican efforts to craft the bill but who talks about it as if he’s the subject of a hostage video, tried to pitch the bill on Fox News this morning: “Some people are thinking that this is somehow like counting 5,000 people in every day and releasing them,” he said of the bill’s most objectionable components. “That’s absurd. We changed the asylum laws, we increased detention beds, we doubled the deportation flights, we added ankle monitors. … There’s all the things that we build into this to make this a much stronger system.” Uh-huh. All of this, of course, assumes that the Biden administration will actually live up to its end of the bargain. And if history is any guide, it won’t. Just ask Ronald Reagan how Democrats do immigration deals. “I’ve seen enough,” said House Speaker Mike Johnson on X last night. “This bill is even worse than we expected, and won’t come close to ending the border catastrophe the President has created. … If this bill reaches the House, it will be dead on arrival.” On top of all this, a House impeachment vote on Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas might come as soon as tomorrow.
Biden wins South Carolina: Joe Biden won the South Carolina Democrat primary “bigly,” as he hauled in 96% of the votes. Based on the percentage of the vote, it’s a resounding victory. However, as the saying goes, the devil is in the details. Voter turnout was abysmal, with just 4% of voters statewide bothering to cast just 131,870 ballots. That’s the lowest Democrat turnout in the past three primaries. Back in 2020, when Biden won the Palmetto State’s Democrat primary and revived his moribund campaign, 16% of voters turned out to cast a ballot. Clearly, Democrat voter enthusiasm for Biden has significantly diminished.
Former Trump official dies five days after DC carjacking: Last week, we reported on the critical wounding of Mike Gill, a married father of three and a former Trump administration official who was left fighting for his life after having been shot in the head during an attempted carjacking. Also shot during the crime spree was 35-year-old Alberto Vasquez Jr., himself a father of two. Vasquez died of his wounds, and now Gill has succumbed as well. That the alleged murderer, 28-year-old Artell Cunningham, was later shot and killed during a confrontation with DC cops is surely of little consolation to the families of Gill and Vasquez. Last week’s statement from the Gill family was heart-wrenching: “Mike is a catalyst for unity and friendship. The most important thing about Mike that all of his friends know is how much he loves his family and how proud he is of his three children.” On Saturday, his widow Kristina added, “His sudden departure has left a void in our lives that can never be filled.” The nation’s capital has seen carjackings more than double from 2022 to 2023 to 950 incidents. As Just the News reports, “The incident comes after the Justice Department earlier this month announced it would send more resources to combat violent crime in Washington, D.C.” To little, too late for this soft-on-crime administration.
NYC putting illegal migrants on welfare: A $53 million pilot program is being launched in New York City specifically for illegal migrant families establishing a food welfare program, similar to the state’s food stamp program. Illegal alien families who sign up will be given pre-paid cards that can only be used to buy goods at bodegas, grocery stores, and supermarkets. The program would give a migrant family of four upwards of $1,000 a month or roughly $35 a day. The city’s current program, which this new one will replace, gives migrants roughly $11 daily for meals. So, on the one hand, NYC Mayor Eric Adams is complaining that the city will be “destroyed” if the influx of illegal aliens continues into the self-appointed “sanctuary city,” but on the other hand, his office is touting this costly migrant welfare program that will surely attract even more illegals. And they wonder why Democrat leadership is failing.
West Point maintains its race-based discrimination: Last year, in what was heralded as a landmark Supreme Court decision but which we ultimately assessed as a mixed bag for racial discrimination, the justices declared that race-based admissions programs at Harvard College and the University of North Carolina were unconstitutional. Sadly, that ruling hasn’t deterred our nation’s race-obsessed bean counters — at least not where Joe Biden’s woke U.S. military is concerned. As The Washington Times reports, the Supreme Court “has denied a request to halt West Point from considering race as a factor in its admissions process — at least for now.” The Times added: “The court signaled Friday in its order denying a requested injunction that it isn’t weighing in on the merits at this early stage. ‘The record before this Court is underdeveloped, and this order should not be construed as expressing any view on the merits of the constitutional question,’ the order stated.” Whatever that means. Apparently, when Chief Justice John Roberts said last June, “Eliminating racial discrimination means eliminating all of it,” he meant except for the most patriotic among us: those who volunteer to defend our nation.
UPenn: still anti-Semitic: It’s as if the University of Pennsylvania has no shame. In the wake of the resignation of its former president, Liz Magill, whose indefensible defense of anti-Semitism on campus during House testimony in December was roundly rebuked, we find that the university’s penchant for Jew-hatred is alive and well — at least among UPenn faculty. As The Washington Free Beacon reports: “A lecturer at the University of Pennsylvania’s Annenberg School of Communication has published several anti-Semitic cartoons since Hamas’s Oct. 7 attack, including one that depicts Zionists sipping Gazan blood from wine glasses, a version of the ancient blood libel employed in anti-Semitic propaganda that accused Jews of using the blood of Christian children for baking matzah and other rituals.” This is some really crude, really tasteless work, and its author, Dwayne Booth, has been with Penn since 2015. Booth, as the Free Beacon notes, “publishes political cartoons under the pen name ‘Mr. Fish,’” adding that his works include a photo of emaciated Jews “in a Nazi concentration camp holding signs bearing slogans such as ‘Free Palestine,’” and another showing Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu as “a bloodied, red-eyed butcher holding a long knife and a crumpled Palestinian flag.” We can only hope that UPenn’s wealthy benefactors remain disgusted by what they see and hear.
China to move on Taiwan soon: Last Thursday, Admiral Samuel J. Paparo was asked during his Senate confirmation hearing for taking over the U.S. Indo-Pacific Command about the threat level China poses toward Taiwan. Paparo noted that China’s military threat has been increasing, and he sees the potential of an attack coming before 2027, the date Beijing has set for its military to be ready to take control of the island nation. However, he observed that the 2027 date has more to do with it being “the 100th anniversary of the People’s Liberation Army.” He added: “In fact, I think they’re working to be ready every day, and they could go, and we’ve got to be constantly vigilant. There’s no holiday between now and when they may go.” The U.S. military must “be ready now, next week, next month, and in the decades to come” to deter any attack, Paparo advised.
A hate crime: The FBI and the ATF are investigating a case of arson that happened a week ago when two fires were set in a building that houses the offices of the conservative organization Center of the American Experiment. John Hinderaker, the center’s president and prominent blogger at Power Line, explained, “They targeted conservative organizations, they didn’t firebomb the chiropractors or psychologists or the Manufacturers Alliance.” Minnesota Democrat Governor Tim Walz was quick to recognize the motive for the arson as political and condemn it. “Political violence and intimidation have no place in Minnesota,” he said on social media. “I’m confident that local, state, and federal law enforcement will get to the bottom of this unacceptable act.” A security camera has apparently captured footage of two suspects engaged in the arson. Hopefully, these arsonists are quickly arrested and tried for this anti-conservative hate crime.
House Freedom Caucus lashes out at Senate border deal: “Dumpster fire” (Fox News)
Republican governors back Texas at border: We’re “doing the job of the federal government” (Daily Wire)
Update: Oklahoma principal who moonlights as drag queen has resigned (Not the Bee)
UNRWA nominated for Nobel Peace Prize amid allegations workers took part in October 7 (AFP)
Canada hits pause on assisted suicide program for mentally ill because they don’t have enough doctors (Not the Bee)
Boeing flags potential delays after supplier finds another problem with some 737 fuselages (AP)
China’s economic downward spiral continues apace (RedState)
Policy: The House tax bill is modest but good (National Review)
Satire: Pramila Jayapal demands slur “illegal immigrants” stop being used to describe immigrants who are here illegally (Babylon Bee)
For more editors’ choice headlines, click here.
Comment | Share
Washington’s double standard of justice is exposed by a refusal to prosecute a homosexual who recorded himself having sex in a Senate hearing room.
Thomas Gallatin
The Left dogmatically preaches about such things as “white privilege” and “the patriarchy” as if these are undeniable facts of life on par with water being wet and the sun being bright. But the Left also imbues these phony dogmas with moral absolutes. In other words, it’s not enough just to acknowledge these views; instead, one must fully acquiesce and be committed to fighting against these “evils” or be deemed morally evil. Or worse, be “on the wrong side of history,” as Barack Obama loved to assert.
This is one of the reasons that some folks view wokeness as more religious than political. And yet at the same time, this wokeness, this neo-Marxist ideology, has almost completely taken over the Democrat Party so as to be nearly indistinguishable from the party’s political platform, which could be likened to a theocratic treatise with wokeness as its god.
This may seem a stretch, as Democrats are always warning against some ill-defined or totally undefined bogeyman of “Christian nationalism” on the Right. But as is so often the case, they are engaged in projection. They are the party most ardently seeking the compliance of the American public to their worldview, their woke religion.
So, what does all this have to do with the recent decision by the Capitol Police to avoid criminally charging Aidan Maese-Czeropski, the former staffer of Democrat Senator Ben Cardin? Recall that Maese-Czeropski resigned after it came to light that he had filmed himself having sex with another man in a hearing room of the Hart Senate Office Building after hours. His deviant act was discovered on an Internet site for gay men. Hmm … how might it have ended up there?
As constitutional law professor Jonathan Turley observed, Maese-Czeropski likely violated a number of DC criminal laws, not to mention code of conduct rules within the Senate. Just one example would be Section 22-1312 for lewd, indecent, or obscene acts, which states in part, “It is unlawful for a person, in public, to make an obscene or indecent exposure of his or her genitalia or anus, to engage in masturbation, or to engage in a sexual act as defined in § 22-3001(8).”
The crux of the issue there would be the question of “in public,” which the Capitol Police noted as part of their rationale for refusing to issue any charges. “Although the hearing room was not open to the public at the time,” said the Capitol Police, “the congressional staffer involved had access to the room.” So, the argument is that it was only part-time public. But he shared the video of the act on the Internet, which is a public forum. Otherwise, the public would likely have never known this incident took place.
Furthermore, if he wasn’t in a public place, wouldn’t he be guilty of trespassing? As Turley notes, “Under 18 U.S.C. 1752, trespass covers anyone who ‘knowingly enters or remains in any restricted building or grounds without lawful authority to do so.’” Indeed, trespassing was one of the primary charges leveled against the hundreds of individuals involved in the January 6 Capitol building riot.
It’s hard not to see yet another instance of a double standard being applied by Democrats to their privileged class: members of the LGBTQ community.
The reason this story is so shameful — beyond the now-public sexual deviancy of a Senate staffer — is the blatant undermining of the foundational principles of our legal system. Treating any identity group as a privileged group for which the laws of the land are not enforced equally and without prejudice is to do injustice. Furthermore, arguing that because these groups may have suffered past injustices, they now deserve special treatment makes a mockery of the equal application of the law and further erodes confidence in our justice system.
Maese-Czeropski broke the law — likely several laws — but has gotten off scot-free because he is a member of a leftist special “victim” group. Maese-Czeropski’s “rainbow privilege” is why he has suffered no legal consequences for his illegal actions. Of course, he is an even bigger “victim” now because he lost his job, but, they say, that’s only because of “homophobia.”
Comment | Share
The crooked Fulton County DA was beset by an array of allegations from defense attorneys, whistleblowers, and House Republicans.
Douglas Andrews
There’s nothing to see here, says Fulton County District Attorney Fani Willis. Move along.
And perhaps she has a point. Willis, of course, is in charge of the Georgia election interference “racketeering” case against former President Donald Trump. And on Friday, she admitted via a 176-page court filing to having a “personal relationship” with Nathan Wade, the newly divorced guy whom she appointed in November 2021 to assist in her investigation of Trump. But just because Wade has exactly zero experience prosecuting cases of this sort, and just because Willis’s office nonetheless funneled him some $654,000 in legal fees in 2022 and 2023, and just because Willis paid Wade $250 an hour while at the same time paying one of the state’s top racketeering experts a miserly $150 an hour, and just because these two lovebirds took lavish tropical vacations together on the taxpayer dime doesn’t mean there’s something amiss here.
In fact, as The Washington Post reports, Willis called the accusations of impropriety “meritless,” “distasteful,” and “malicious,” adding that they’re “irrelevant to the case and that there is no basis in Georgia law for removing her from the prosecution or dismissing the charges.” Willis further whined that the efforts to dig into her personal life amounted to a “ticket to the circus” designed to “garner more breathless headlines” rather than focusing on the case itself.
Hey, at least she didn’t play the race card. Oh, wait.
In her filing, Willis asked Fulton County Superior Court Judge Scott McAfee to cancel an evidentiary hearing on the accusations against her, insisting that her relationship with Wade doesn’t create a conflict of interest and that she didn’t benefit financially from it. It’ll be interesting to see whether Judge McAfee, who was appointed by Republican Governor Brian Kemp, buys any of this.
Unfortunately for Willis, the forced admission of her affair with Wade isn’t the only bad news that visited her this past week. In addition, she was hit with allegations that she’d fired a whistleblower, Amanda Timpson, in an act of retaliation — allegations that she, of course, denied. Instead, said Willis, she fired the whistleblower for poor performance — a claim that seemed to be at odds with her on-the-record assessments of Timpson. As The Washington Free Beacon reports, “Willis sang Timpson’s praises in a staff-wide email on Sept. 9, 2021, saying the whistleblower had a ‘dynamic’ skill set that would serve her well in her new role as a liaison between two departments in the office.”
Other emails leaked to the Free Beacon indicate that Willis selected Timpson for her executive leadership team in December 2020, “saying she had bested 400 applicants to secure a role in the select group.”
Timpson’s troubles with Willis began in March 2021, she says, when she “stopped one of the district attorney’s top aides, Michael Cuffee, from dipping into a $488,000 federal grant earmarked for the creation of a Center for Youth Empowerment and Gang Prevention to pay for ‘swag,’ computers, and travel.”
We’re shocked — SHOCKED — to hear that a government employee would attempt to misappropriate taxpayer funds in such a shameful way.
“I respect that is your assessment,” said Willis in response to Timpson’s charges. “And I’m not saying that your assessment is wrong.” But less than two months later, she fired Timpson and arranged for seven armed investigators to escort her out of the building.
We’ll let you decide if the recorded conversation between Willis and Timpson — and Willis’s subsequent firing of Timpson — are worthy of a whistleblower retaliation investigation.
If you thought Willis’s week couldn’t get any worse, you’d be wrong. As Fox News reports, House Judiciary Chairman Jim Jordan has subpoenaed Willis for information on how her office has been spending its federal funds — especially the funds discussed in Timpson’s whistleblower allegations above. Willis has already ignored three prior subpoenas from Jordan’s committee, and we have to wonder if she’ll ever be held accountable for it.
Speaking of accountability, we’ll watch to see whether the pressure for Willis to step down becomes too great, or whether Georgia Democrats will circle the wagons around their scummy colleague. And if that happens, we’ll keep an eye on Georgia’s attorney general, Christopher Carr, to see if he has the guts to pursue criminal charges against Willis.
Comment | Share
Most ridiculously, Rashida Tlaib and Cori Bush voted against a bill to block Hamas terrorists from entering the country.
Emmy Griffin
“He lends himself to the gibe that he is ‘so very liberal, that he cannot bring himself to take his own side in a quarrel.’” —William Ernest Hocking
“The Squad” is a group of “progressive” House representatives that is intersectional and hard left. And recently, each of Ilhan Omar (D-MN), Cori Bush (D-MO), Jamaal Bowman (D-NY), Ayanna Pressley (D-MA), Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez (D-NY), and Rashida Tlaib (D-MI) has stepped in it politically.
Ilhan Omar started off the Squad’s recent embarrassments by telling constituents in Minnesota: “The U.S. government will only do what Somalians in the U.S. tell them to do. They will do what we want and nothing else. They must follow our orders, and that is how we will safeguard the interest of Somalia. We Somalians must have the confidence in ourselves that we call the shots in the U.S. … As Somalis, one day, we will go after our missing territories.” Omar’s anti-American rhetoric has prompted calls for her expulsion from Congress.
Cori Bush is under investigation for allegedly using taxpayer funds to finance her private security team.
Jamaal Bowman had his 9/11 conspiracy theory exposed and mocked.
Ayanna Pressley called Walgreens racist for closing stores in Boston due to high crime.
Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez has only gotten in trouble for saying her usual bout of ignorant idiocies, so she was the only one who has kept her nose relatively clean.
The most ridiculous story goes to Rashida Tlaib and Cori Bush. Last week, they were the only two congressional members to vote against a bill that should have been a no-brainer. The bill in question, HR 6679, also known as the No Immigration Benefits for Hamas Terrorists Act, states that any Gazan who had anything to do with the October 7 attack on Israel would not be eligible for sanctuary in or immigration to the U.S. The language of the bill reads, “Any alien who carried out, participated in, planned, financed, afforded material support to, or otherwise facilitated any of the attacks against Israel initiated by Hamas beginning on October 7, 2023 be inadmissible for citizenship and be ineligible for any relief under immigration law.”
In other words, don’t let known Hamas terrorists come to the U.S. It should have been an easy “Yes” vote. However, Tlaib and Bush claimed that this bill is not only redundant, but it makes people have negative feelings toward Palestinians, Arabs, and/or Muslims and is “harmful.”
Tlaib is the lone Palestinian-American member of Congress and has been particularly incendiary on this particular issue. She forwarded the Hamas-spread lie that Israel was responsible for a rocket that destroyed a hospital and killed 500. In reality, it was a Hamas rocket that destroyed a parking lot and few were killed. She also infamously smirked when questioned about the brutal killings of Israeli babies through the act of beheading. She was even officially censured by the House for parroting the genocidal chant “from the river to the sea” in regards to eradicating Israel.
Bush, on the other hand, doesn’t want police in her constituents’ neighborhoods, but she herself needs protection because her work is more important than yours. Thus, she is now under DOJ investigation for misappropriation of funds. Earlier last week, Bush also kicked off her reelection campaign by claiming the Israel-Hamas war was about “white supremacy.” It’s no wonder she voted “No” to banning Hamas-associated Palestinians from entering the country.
Bush doesn’t care if these potential immigrants helped murder 1,200 Israelis and kidnap hundreds more. She believes that Hamas must be correct in its actions because Israel represents a “whiter” race and is a staunch supporter of Western values. It’s an absurd and evil way of thinking, but again, when one holds Racial Marxism as the standard with which to measure morality, one is left with no morality at all.
The fact that the Squad has had such a disastrous few days wasn’t lost even on leftist outlets such as Politico, which hinted that these progressives are going to be hard-pressed to win their reelection campaigns.
We seriously doubt that, but electoral trouble couldn’t happen to a more worthy group.
Comment | Share
The U.S. Navy is an example of what leftist social engineering can do to a military service branch.
Brent Ramsey
Navy Mission: “The United States is a maritime nation, and the U.S. Navy protects America at sea. Alongside our allies and partners, we defend freedom, preserve economic prosperity, and keep the seas open and free. Our nation is engaged in long-term competition. To defend American interests around the globe, the U.S. Navy must remain prepared to execute our timeless role, as directed by Congress and the President.”
The Navy is a very large, complex, and dynamic organization and culture — more complex, more dynamic, and more tightly focused on mission than any on earth. It is impossibly complex in terms of warfighting skill sets and technologies. What is true about the Navy is also true about all the armed services.
Small Unit Dynamics/Small Unit Success
The Navy is huge, but the mission is conducted using small unit dynamics in teams. Whether it is a bridge watch section, a damage control party, an aircraft crew, a gun mount crew, or any one of the hundreds of different small teams within much larger weapons platforms or units, the effectiveness of those small teams wins or loses the war. Teamwork, unit cohesion, trust, camaraderie, and, yes, even love for those with us in combat — in a SEAL team, in an aircraft, and in myriad other delivery platforms of death that we use — is absolute. My personal experience at the conn of a nuclear-capable destroyer during the Cold War, actively pinging a submerged Soviet Ballistic Missile submarine for five straight days, 24 hours a day, was that the pucker factor was extraordinary and exhilarating. My bridge team was an exquisite, well-oiled, united, focused machine, with absolute unity on one thing and one thing only: staying on that sub’s track. Unity, cohesion, common values, and purpose were the reasons we executed our mission. That sailor unity won the Cold War.
What is today’s Navy doing to promote the values just described above? It recruits based on skin color and gender. It promotes and assigns based on skin color and gender. There are 16 affinity groups at the Naval Academy separating the midshipmen by race, gender, or sexual preference. The Navy is promoting the noxious ideology of Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI) up and down the chain of command, at the academies, in recruit training, and at the War Colleges. Every unit is swamped with DEI indoctrination. DEI zealots, in their own separate chain of command, enforce DEI goals. All the services are on the same DEI path as the Navy.
What are the impacts of promoting DEI?
We are on the verge of war with hot spots in the Middle East, Eastern Europe, and the South China Sea. The military ought to focus its attention on getting ready to defend our nation from our enemies. Politics has no place in the military. Anything less than a laser focus on core mission, unity, cohesion, and readiness is a recipe for defeat in war.
Comment | Share
Biden’s Senior Moment of the Week (Vol. 79) — Last week, President Joe Biden was stuck in 2020.
Is Biden’s Brain Disease Contagious? — Sleepy Joe is not alone. Kamala Harris, Karine Jean-Pierre, and other members of the president’s staff are exhibiting symptoms of severe cognitive decline.
Morgan Freeman on Black History Month — Back in 2005 on CBS’s “60 Minutes,” actor Morgan Freeman explained why he finds Black History Month “ridiculous.”
‘Guilty’ Pro-Life Activists Facing Federal Prison — Biden’s DOJ charged pro-life activists for protesting outside an abortion clinic in Tennessee. They were subsequently convicted and now face a decade-plus in federal prison.
Sunshine State Says ‘No’ to Defamatory Smears — The Florida legislature is looking to make it defamatory to level accusations of “homophobia,” “transphobia,” racism, or sexism without evidence.
Share








        Hans von Spakovsky
      

        Biden Needs a Spine, Not New Laws, to Shut Down Open Border
      










        Matthew Continetti
      

        Where Are Biden's Pen and Phone?
      










        Gary Bauer
      

        America Last
      










        The Washington Stand
      

        Israeli Leader: The World Is Telling Hamas That 'The Path of Terror Is Worth It'
      










        The Babylon Bee
      

        Joe Biden Sees Shadow, Attempts to Shake Its Hand
      




For more of today’s columns, visit Right Opinion.
The BIG Lie I
“My son spent a year in Iraq. That’s how I lost him.” —Joe Biden
The BIG Lie II
“[Republicans] created this. … [Biden] has done everything Republicans have asked him to do. And now they keep moving the goalpost … because they realize they don’t really want to solve this. They like the chaos that it’s created.” —New York Governor Kathy Hochul regarding record illegal immigration
Useful Idiot
“The fact that this word [genocide] is even in play, the fact that this word is even in our discourse, I think demonstrates the mass inhumanity that Gazans are facing.” —Congresswoman Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez (D-NY)
Baghdad Bobs
“Easing inflation, rising real pay is finally reaching families and they’re feeling it.” —Council of Economic Advisers Chair Jared Bernstein
“Bidenomics is working. … He’s going to continue lowering costs. … It takes a long time to make that connection.” —White House Press Secretary Karine Jean-Pierre
Lack of Self-Awareness
“I have long believed we have to look at each other even in our most challenging times not as enemies but as fellow Americans. … My prayer, my hope is … that as a nation we continue to believe in honesty, decency, dignity, and respect.” —Joe Biden
For the Record
“The State Department is reportedly fast-tracking recognition of an ‘independent’ Arab state. … If Israel can’t stop weapons from infiltrating Gaza now, what does the situation look like when it is dealing with an ‘independent’ state? What does it look like when Iran becomes a nuclear power? What does it look like when the Islamic Jihad — or whatever group pops up to take its place — begins lobbing rockets at civilians? Israel will be compelled to act. Next time, it would be invading a territory recognized as a sovereign state by the U.S.” —David Harsanyi
“There is nothing ‘America First’ about mindlessly toppling foreign autocracies and seeking to transmogrify Islamist hellholes into shining Madisonian democracies. But there is also nothing ‘America First’ about shirking our solemn duty to protect and defend our own citizens and soldiers overseas. … Caring about the fate of our citizens taken hostage overseas and seeking retaliation for our soldiers murdered by an evil adversary regime overseas … is about the lowest-hanging fruit imaginable for any American who calls himself a patriot.” —Josh Hammer
“I don’t care if you’re a neocon, an isolationist or anything in between; there needs to be repercussions for murdering Americans. Tehran should be terrified of what comes next. I doubt they are.” —David Harsanyi
“When serially attacked, loudly responding that we will only proportionally strike back and wish no wider war will only ensure a big, ugly one.” —Victor Davis Hanson
Insight
“Socialism is, in its essence, an attack upon the right of the ordinary man or woman to breathe freely without having a harsh, clumsy tyrannical hand clapped across their mouths and nostrils.” —Winston Churchill (1874-1965)
Comment | Share
Share
For more of today’s memes, visit the Memesters Union.
Share
For more of today’s cartoons, visit the Cartoons archive.
Please join us in prayer for our nation — that righteous leaders would rise and prevail and we would be united as Americans. Pray also for the protection of our Military Patriots, Veterans, First Responders, and their families. Please lift up your Patriot team and our mission to support and defend our Republic’s Founding Principle of Liberty, that the fires of freedom would be ignited in the hearts and minds of our countrymen.
Thank you for supporting our nation’s premier online journal of Liberty.
Semper Vigilans Fortis Paratus et Fidelis

Read The Mid-Day Digest



Executive News Summary



Christine Flowers
In Battleground Library, Controversial Books Are Reinstated


The Washington Stand
Raining on Pride’s Parade: More Companies Bolt From June’s Revelry


Michael Reagan
Putting a Liberal Spin on Trump’s First 100 Days


Ben Shapiro
What Does Russia Want?


Tim Graham
Is Oklahoma in Danger of ‘Satanic School’?


Josh Hammer
The Art of a Second Iran Deal


Victor Davis Hanson
The Trump Counterrevolution and the Moral Ledger


Ann Coulter
Prosecute Mayorkas. For Murder.



The Patriot's Beginning




Patriot's Primer on American Liberty




The Patriot Foundation Trust




Our Military Mission of Service


END OF WATCH
“There is nothing absurd or impracticable in the idea of a league or alliance between independent nations for certain defined purposes precisely stated in a treaty regulating all the details of time, place, circumstance, and quantity; leaving nothing to future discretion; and depending for its execution on the good faith of the parties.” —Alexander Hamilton (1787)
The Patriot Post is a highly acclaimed weekday digest of news analysis, policy and opinion written from the heartland — as opposed to the MSM’s ubiquitous Beltway echo chambers — for grassroots leaders nationwide. More
We provide solid conservative perspective on the most important issues, including analysis, opinion columns, headline summaries, memes, cartoons and much more.
Choose our full-length Digest or our quick-reading Snapshot for a summary of important news. We also offer Cartoons & Memes on Monday and Alexander’s column on Wednesday.
The Patriot Post is steadfast in our mission to extend the endowment of Liberty to the next generation by advocating for individual rights and responsibilities, supporting the restoration of constitutional limits on government and the judiciary, and promoting free enterprise, national defense and traditional American values. We are a rock-solid conservative touchstone for the expanding ranks of grassroots Americans Patriots from all walks of life. Our mission and operation budgets are not financed by any political or special interest groups, and to protect our editorial integrity, we accept no advertising. We are sustained solely by you. Please support The Patriot Fund today!
The Patriot Post and Patriot Foundation Trust, in keeping with our Military Mission of Service to our uniformed service members and veterans, are proud to support and promote the National Medal of Honor Heritage Center, the Congressional Medal of Honor Society, both the Honoring the Sacrifice and Warrior Freedom Service Dogs aiding wounded veterans, the Tunnel to Towers Foundation, the National Veterans Entrepreneurship Program, the Folds of Honor outreach, and Officer Christian Fellowship, the Air University Foundation, and Naval War College Foundation, and the Naval Aviation Museum Foundation. "Greater love has no one than this, to lay down one's life for his friends." (John 15:13)

FAQ
      /
      Contact Us
      /
      Terms of Use
      /
      Privacy Policy
      /
      Reprinting Policy

★ PUBLIUS ★
“Our cause is noble; it is the cause of mankind!” —George Washington
Please join us in prayer for our nation — that righteous leaders would rise and prevail and we would be united as Americans. Pray also for the protection of our Military Patriots, Veterans, First Responders, and their families. Please lift up your Patriot team and our mission to support and defend our Republic's Founding Principle of Liberty, that the fires of freedom would be ignited in the hearts and minds of our countrymen.
The Patriot Post is protected speech, as enumerated in the First Amendment and enforced by the Second Amendment of the Constitution of the United States of America, in accordance with the endowed and unalienable Rights of All Mankind.
Copyright © 2025 The Patriot Post. All Rights Reserved.
The Patriot Post does not support Internet Explorer. We recommend installing the latest version of Microsoft Edge, Mozilla Firefox, or Google Chrome.