LBC




                
                    Vanessa Feltz
                
                

3pm - 6pm


                        
                            News
                            



Vanessa Feltz is Leading Britain's Conversation

        Use the LBC app to listen to live radio for LBC & LBC News
    


            Listen
        

24 April 2024, 21:40

        
            By Jenny Medlicott
        
    
Tina Malone has said that the day of her husband Paul Chase’s shock death was the ‘worst day of her life’ in a shock update six weeks on.
The actress, 61, known for roles in Shameless and Brookside, shared the news of her husband’s death last month.
Writing online, she announced his death: “It’s with total heartbreak I write this. My husband Paul Chase Malone passed away this morning. We are totally devastated.”
A funeral was held for her husband Paul two weeks ago, and now the actress has given a heartbreaking update six weeks on from his death. 
On Wednesday, she wrote on X: “Six weeks ago today was the worst day of my entire life, my world fell apart, my hubby Paul is dead, but he lives forever in my heart x.”
Read more: Devastated Zoe Ball says 'sleep tight dear mama' as she announces her mother's death from cancer
Read more: Hairy Biker Dave Myers 'leaves £1.4 million to wife', as stepson pays tribute to TV chef 'he had the honour to call dad'
Six weeks ago today was the worst day of my entire life,my world fell apart,my hubby Paul is dead,but he lives forever in my heart x
Tina married Paul in 2010 and they had a daughter, Flame, in 2013.
The couple celebrated their 13th wedding anniversary in 2023.
Two weeks ago the actress also revealed details of their final day together before his unprecedented death,
She wrote on X: “Four weeks ago at 4pm today my hubby made scrambled eggs, bacon, beans, sausages for Flame, kissed me and said see you later…. “
“10 hours later he was dead, I am broken, so bereft”.
The star was flooded with an outpouring of love following the news of Paul’s death.
Reacting to her post today, one fan commented: “I can’t even begin to imagine what you’re going through. Sending lots of love.”
Another added: “Nothing will take away your pain but I'm sending my love and I have been thinking of you.”
See more More Latest News
See more Latest News
See more The News Explained
See more Royals
See more Highlights & Opinion
See more More Topics