By MARTA JARY FOR DAILY MAIL AUSTRALIA 
 Published:  08:32, 27 January 2024   |  Updated:  10:55, 27 January 2024   
 124
View  comments
The winner of the Triple J Hottest 100 for 2023 was revealed on Saturday and a lot of listeners were not happy with the result. 
American rapper Doja Cat took the top spot at number one with her massive hit, Paint The Town Red. 
Scores of fans listening to the countdown at home were outraged that the US top star slid into the peak position, with many sharing their thoughts on X. 
'God what an absolute stinker of a countdown. Who the f**k is Doja Cat?' wrote one person. 
'Like... why was Doja even being voted for the #Hottest100 ?? I'm so serious' questioned another. 
On Saturday, the winners of the Triple J Hottest 100 of 2023 were announced with American rapper Doja Cat (pictured) taking the number one spot with her hit, Paint The Town Red 
'Love a bit of Doja but her taking out number one is a slap in the face' said one more. 
'Doja being number one is insane… who tf voted for this s**t' someone else chimed in with another writing, 'Doja Cat number one get absolutely f***ed'.
'Doja Cat number one? Wtf wrong with y'all??' one angry listener asked and another agreed, 'Aint no way I spent four hours listening to this s**t for Doja to win'.
'No f***ing way Doja cannot be number one, this is a f***ing joke' raged another. 
Others were angry that Australia pop star Troye Sivan, who had been tipped as the winner, was 'robbed'. 
Scores of fans listening to the countdown at home were outraged that the US top star slid into the peak position, with many sharing their thoughts on X. But others were pleased 
'Nah I'm tuning out now... Doja Cat cannot come number one she's not Australian' said yet one more. 
Some pointed out that Doja Cat was unlikely to listen to the countdown with one person writing, 'Doja Cat would not even know this was happening lmao'. 
Others were pleased with the victory, with one fan writing, 'Congrats Doja. Deserved'. 
Australian pop superstar G Flip came so close to victory, rolling into the number two spot with the track The Worst Person Alive. 
The non-binary artist however made history, as the highest placing for a non-binary artist ever and a record-breaking seven entries in the countdown. 
'N ah I'm tuning out now... Doja Cat cannot come number one she's not Australian' complained one listener 
Australian pop superstar G Flip (pictured) came so close to victory, rolling into the number two spot with the track The Worst Person Alive
Number three went to Australian record producer Dom Dolla with the single Saving Up.
Dom Dolla also took the fourth position with his collaboration, MK & Dom Dolla, consisting of himself and American DJ and record producer MK, with their single, Rhyme Dust. 
The coveted top five opened with Cassö x RAYE x D-Block Europe with their dance smash hit Prada.
Number six went to English record producer Fred Again in his collaboration with Nigerian musician Obongjayar on the track Adore U.  
Troye Sivan (pictured) grabbed a top ten position with his single Rush at number eight. It was a disappointment for some as it was widely predicted Troye would walk off with the number one
The coveted top five opened with Cassö x RAYE x D-Block Europe with their dance smash hit Prada. British singer Raye is pictured 
A celebrated Australian entry was number eight with Down Under pop star Troye Sivan grabbing a top ten spot with his single Rush. 
It was a disappointment for some as it was widely predicted Troye would walk off with the number one. 
According to prediction site 100 Warm Tunas, the Australian star, 28, was tipped to win the countdown with his house tune Rush.
Billie Eilish nabbed the number seven position with her smash from the Barbie film, What Was I Made For? 
American rapper Jack Harlow came in at number nine with his track Loving On Me. 
Billie Eilish (pictured) nabbed the number seven position with her smash from the Barbie film, What Was I Made For?
American rapper Jack Harlow (pictured) came in at number nine with his hit Loving On Me
Another US rapper, Post Malone, rounded out the top ten with his popular single, Chemical. 
The ABC reported a staggering 52 tracks in the charts are from Australian performers with 34 new artists making their countdown debut this year.
Previous Australian artists to top the countdown include Powderfinger, Angus and Julia Stone, Flume, The Whitlams and a shock win from The Wiggles in 2021.
International artists to take out the top spot include Nirvana, The Offspring and Oasis.
Another US rapper, Post Malone (pictured), rounded out the top ten with his popular single, Chemical
Number three went to Australian record producer Dom Dolla (pictured) with the single Saving Up. Dom Dolla also took the fourth position with Rhyme Dust
The Hottest 100 countdown is one of the biggest music events on the Australian calendar which Triple J has hosted since 1989.
Each year, Aussies vote for their top ten favourite songs from the previous year with the top 100 tunes then aired by the broadcaster.
Voting for the hottest 100 countdown closed on January 22, 2024.
Aussie DJ Flume took out the 2023 count down last year with his smash hit Say Nothing.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group