Switch to the dark mode that's kinder on your eyes at night time.
Switch to the light mode that's kinder on your eyes at day time.
Switch to the dark mode that's kinder on your eyes at night time.
Switch to the light mode that's kinder on your eyes at day time.



by

Brian Cantor


Apr 18, 2024, 2:20 pm 



When it comes to blockbuster album releases, the concept of a lead single is almost becoming obsolete. Virtually every song from the album receives considerable first-week attention, thus ensuring all are in position to make a big chart impact.
Still, artists and their teams do need to choose songs to make the centerpiece of the campaign. They need to signal the song that streaming and radio curators should prioritize on their playlists — and that fans should most enthusiastically support.
For Taylor Swift’s new album “The Tortured Poets Department,” the focus will be a collaboration.
Swift announced Thursday that “Fortnight (featuring Post Malone)” will be the album’s first official single. The song should thus receive immediate radio and streaming attention upon release. A music video will launch at 8PM ET Friday, and a physical CD is available for purchase on her website.
The song thus becomes the frontrunner to earn #1 on the relevant week’s Billboard Hot 100. The album itself is essentially a lock to start as a dominant #1 on the Billboard 200.
fortnightpost maloneTaylor Swiftthe tortured poets department
Brian Cantor is the editor-in-chief for Headline Planet.  He has been a leading reporter in the music, movie, television and sporting spaces since 2002.
Brian's reporting has been cited by major websites like BuzzFeed, Billboard, the New Yorker and The Fader -- and shared by celebrities like Taylor Swift, Justin Bieber and Nicki Minaj.
Contact Brian at brian.cantor[at]headlineplanet.com.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
Loading…

May 3, 2025, 10:54 am 

Apr 27, 2025, 9:45 pm 

Apr 27, 2025, 10:48 am 

Apr 27, 2025, 10:13 am