Got a pedicure booked? We've quizzed the pros on foot prep, to make the experience more pleasant for both you and your nail tech.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

If it's been a minute since your last pedicure appointment or you just feel self-conscious about your pre-treatment feet, these are the easy prep steps to follow.
For those unfamiliar with what a pedicure includes, the treatment typically offers full foot care. So, the soaking and exfoliating of your feet - to remove dry skin and soften the nails - followed by cuticle care and the shaping and painting of your toenails. Now, while some might think a pedi is reserved for sandal season, foot and nail care is a year-round concern. So, if the months are racking up between your appointments, take this as your sign to book in - and request one of the many timeless pedicure colours. Saying that though, we do sympathise with those who might be feeling a tad sheepish about presenting their bare feet to their nail tech - perhaps because you're new to the treatment or haven't been in a while. So, to alleviate any anxiety and to help you get the most out of your pedicure (and instil some good footcare habits), we've enlisted professionals to share their tips for prepping your feet ahead of your next salon trip.
Pedicures, like a new manicure or haircut, can really help to make you feel fresh and put-together. Of course, they're a must for summer, when your toes are more on show (thanks to chic sandals and sunny trips to the beach), but they're also important year-round - to keep your toes in tip-top condition and help to ward off dry and rough skin on your heels.
A post shared by Harriet Westmoreland (@harrietwestmoreland)
A photo posted by on 
For anyone planning to get a pop of coral on their toenails or perhaps a more neutral pedicure colour, there are a few ways to prepare your feet - both for an in-salon and at-home appointment. All of which are mercifully very straightforward and inexpensive to incorporate into your beauty routine.
To breakdown these said pampering steps, plus a few other need-to-know tips - for immediately after your pedicure - we've enlisted the expertise of A-list manicurist and senior Mylee ambassador, Tinu Bello and London Grace founder (and nail technician), Kirsten White...
RRP: £21 
Featuring a cooling blend of peppermint essential oil, vitamin E, tonic bladderwrack extract and amino acids, as well as exfoliating Blue Persian, Dead Sea and Pink Himalayan salts, this scrubs helps to buff away dry and dead skin. It's suitable for all skin types but Beauty Pie says not to use it on broken or sensitised skin.
RRP: £2
To help exfoliate and buff away any dry and rough skin ahead of your pedicure appointment, invest in a pumice stone - like this one from Boots.
RRP: £25
Featuring a blend of 15% shea butter, this rich foot balm is specifically designed with dry and rough feet in mind, to help soften and intensely nourish the skin.
As noted, one of the easiest ways to prepare for your pedicure treatment is to thoroughly cleanse and exfoliate your feet ahead of time. Bello recommends washing your feet and trimming your toenails (but not shaping them - leave that to your nail tech) the day of your appointment and a day or so before, to soak and exfoliate - to buff away any dry skin from your heels and so on.
We would also recommend adding a nourishing foot cream to your night-time regime - so that the formula can hydrate your feet as you sleep - as opposed to applying it in the day when it might cause you to slip or simply rub off in your socks. Investing in a luxury scrub, like that of Jo Malone's Vitamin E scrub, is also a good way to tempt you into taking a few extra minutes of an evening to pamper yourself.
Sign up to our free daily email for the latest royal and entertainment news, interesting opinion, expert advice on styling and beauty trends, and no-nonsense guides to the health and wellness questions you want answered.
Naomi is a Digital Beauty Writer at woman&home, where she covers everything from makeup to skincare but specialises, particularly, in fragrance and nail trends. Through her work, Naomi shares her trend expertise and personal product recommendations. She is also a judge for woman&home's annual hair, skincare and beauty awards.
Previously, she worked as a Lifestyle News Writer for My Imperfect Life magazine, where she used her savvy for TikTok to bring readers the latest beauty buzzwords, fashion movements and must-have products. 
Before that, Naomi split her time between both GoodTo and My Imperfect Life, whilst training for her Gold Standard diploma in Journalism with the NCTJ, for which she earned a Distinction. Interestingly though, Naomi actually has a background in design, having studied Illustration at Plymouth University but leapt into the media world in 2020, to pursue her passion for writing. Now, when she isn’t reporting on the best perfumes and latest beauty releases, you can find her drinking copious cups of coffee and probably online shopping...

The folks of Gilead speak a little differently, and if you wonder what 'under his eye' and 'blessed be the fruit' really mean, you've come to the right place


There's nowhere to hide a manicure stained with tanner – here's how to elude this phenomenon and what to do if it does happen


Woman & Home is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury,
Bath
BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.