Filed under:
Denver star Jamal Murray tied the game-high with 24 points to help bring the series score to 2-1, while Minnesota struggled to get consistent offense beyond All-Stars Anthony Edwards and Karl-Anthony Towns.
The Minnesota Timberwolves on Friday night hosted a game at Target Center for the first time in 17 days — this time with a 2-0 lead — as their Western Conference Semifinals series with the Denver Nuggets shifted to Downtown Minneapolis. 
After the Wolves put together a 106-80 throttling of the defending champions on their home floor, Nuggets Head Coach Michael Malone said pregame that his entire group owned the Game 2 loss, and that injuries to guards Jamal Murray, Kentavious Caldwell-Pope and Reggie Jackson were no excuse for his team’s effort. Malone added that he would be “shocked” if his team came out with a similar effort in Game 2.

    Related
  
Minnesota entered Game 3 with a 6-0 record as the lone undefeated squad remaining in the playoffs, looking to become the first team since the 2017 Kevin Durant Era Golden State Warriors to win their first seven games of a playoff run.
Timberwolves Head Coach Chris Finch was very calm, but upbeat before the game, reiterating that his team needs to find a way to be the hungrier, harder working, and more desperate team. Finch had in a bit of a different setup for this contest with his torn right patellar tendon than he did in Denver, sitting in the second row of the bench, while Assistant Coach Kevin Hanson made the jump up to the first row.
The seat right next to the scorer's table is a fan seat, away from the Wolves bench. No question that the setup in Denver was more ideal, when he had the protection of a media board next to the bench. https://t.co/6WW4jJflpV
Before the game, Karl-Anthony Towns and Naz Reid were presented their awards for Social Justice Champion and Sixth Man of the Year, respectively, each receiving nice ovations from the crowd leading into the start of Game 3.
Fresh off throwing a towel and a heat pack at Marc Davis in Game 2, Murray heard it from the Timberwolves’ crowd as he was booed on every touch from the opening possession of the game. 
Murray followed a Caldwell-Pope mid-range jumper with a score of his own, before Anthony Edwards and Towns knocked down back-to-back triples to take Minnesota’s first lead of the game at 6-4. After picking up his first foul of the game on a post-up from Nikola Jokić, the four-time All-Star kept the pedal on the floor, adding another 3 and drawing a foul on the drive attacking a close-out. 
Denver made it a point to bring Caldwell-Pope up to Murray and try to set a screen and switch Mike Conley onto Murray and bring Edwards away from the floor. But Minnesota refused to switch it, as Ant did a good job fighting over screens to the point where the Nuggets stopped trying it, as it was wasting too much time on each possession. 
Jokić, meanwhile, attempted just one shot in the first five minutes as a result of the Nuggets trying to get the “others” involved. Each of his four teammates in the starting five made a shot before him, so it worked to a degree, but it wasn’t the start Denver fans were hoping for in the scoring department. However, seemingly every time the three-time MVP got the ball in the middle of the floor, he was looking to find a cutting Aaron Gordon, who took a couple of tough jumpers in the mid-range — certainly an optimal outcome for the Timberwolves’ defense. 
DISHIN' OUT DIMES.   pic.twitter.com/YhbbEuQ9ct
Jaden McDaniels picked up his second foul at the 6:30 mark of the first and had to exit early, but Nickeil Alexander-Walker didn’t have the same immediate impact he had in Game 2. He threw a bad pass that Michael Porter Jr. intercepted and took in before he was fouled at the rim — putting Denver in the bonus for the final 5:47 of the quarter. Reid quickly followed Alexander-Walker, and then Towns re-entered along with Kyle Anderson at the 3:04 mark — when Justin Holiday became the first Nugget to play off the bench, checking in for Aaron Gordon. Like they have all postseason, Denver played their starters heavy minutes in the first quarter.
Holiday quickly picked up where he left off in Game 2 — during which he shot 4/5 from 3 and scored 13 points — with a corner 3 to balloon the lead out to eight, the Nuggets’ largest of the series. After the two teams traded scores in the final couple minutes, Denver led 28-20 after one quarter. 
Minnesota shot 11 3-pointers in the frame, as they did not attack the rim with the same aggression as they did in Game 2. 61% of their shots came from beyond the arc, well above their season average of 38%. They also struggled to keep the Nuggets out of the paint and off the offensive glass, as they lost both battles in the opening frame. Denver didn’t turn it over, either.
The Nuggets came out firing in the second quarter with their non-Jokić lineup of Murray, Christian Braun, Holiday, Porter Jr. and Gordon, as Holiday and Murray knocked down back-to-back 3 to open the scoring and silence the home crowd. Towns drained his third long-range look of the night to temporarily stem the tide, but he was the only Wolf to bring anything in the early part of the quarter. 
Denver maintained their downhill mindset, generating some easy looks at the cup and making smart reads for kick-outs when the defense collapsed. As a result, they started 5/6 from the floor, did not turn it over, and rendered the Wolves’ home-court advantage useless. The Timberwolves, who were sitting on 27 points at the mid-way point of the second quarter, couldn’t buy a bucket despite creating clean looks even with limited ball and player movement. They missed several easy layups, floaters and open 3s — with a few going in-and-out. 
 ️ Ant, coast to coast.  ️@PaniniAmerica Peak Performance of the Game. pic.twitter.com/7aOseHqppN
Braun, who was 1/10 from 3 in the playoffs entering Game 3, connected on a bomb to push the lead to 20, the Denver high water mark. But then, Minnesota punched back. 
Gobert came up with a “look what I found!” offensive rebound at the front of the rim for a put-back just before the shot clock buzzer, before Edwards got into the paint for his third layup of the game, and Conley capped off the 7-0 run with a walk-in transition 3.
Edwards faced limited resistance in the paint, as Jokić showed zero interest in defending the rim. Unfortunately, Minnesota matched that disinterest when it came to driving into the lane. 
The Wolves, to make matters worse, weren’t running much scripted action to help kick start the offense. Horns chest, which has been a staple for the Timberwolves throughout the playoffs that our Jared Martinson wrote about last weekend, was nowhere to be found. Minnesota didn’t force any switches with small-to-small screens either, something that enabled their constant downhill state in Game 2. 

    Related
  
Finch even went to Jordan McLaughlin, in an all-offense lineup with NAW, Edwards, Reid and Towns, for the final 2:22 of the first half to try and create some flow. The ball moved much better, creating three wide open 3-point looks for McLaughlin (who went 0/2 with Jokić sagging off him) and Towns, who drilled his fourth of the half to cut the lead down to 15 at the break.
Denver led 56-41 at halftime, thanks to shooting 6/12 from deep and 9/10 at the rim, and 18 first half points from Murray. A key reason why? McDaniels played just eight minutes because of foul trouble. Porter Jr. also had three first half fouls for the Nuggets. 
Minnesota shot 6/20 from 3, with more than half (20/38) of their looks coming from beyond the arc. Towns led the Wolves with 12 points on 4/4 shooting from downtown, while Ant added nine points, four assists and three rebounds.
McDaniels showed signs of life with a nice cut and dunk to open the second half scoring, but quickly picked up his fourth foul at the 9:16 mark. Finch yelled from the second row of the bench, demanding McDaniels stay in the game.
Edwards, after making a walk-in 3 a few possessions earlier, took a terrible transition 3 that resulted in a wide open look for Gordon, who found the bottom of the net for the second time in three tries from deep. He followed it up with another uncontested make, then stole lob pass from Conley, leading to a Porter Jr. transition 3-pointer as a result of Minnesota not hustling back on the break. The Timberwolves quickly found themselves in a 22-point hole inside of the 8:00 mark with zero energy in the building. 
Reminder: Aaron Gordon's 3P shooting numbers:2024 Season: 29.0%2024 Playoffs: 25.0%This series: 60.0%
Edwards tried his best get the Wolves back into the game with a flurry of seven quick points in a span of 1:47 that cut the deficit to 18. But Jokić made up for all the short floaters he missed in Games 1 and 2, connecting on four mid-range touch shots that kept Minnesota at bay. He added a straight on 3-pointer and a pair of free throws for good measure to give him 13 in the quarter, and propel the Nuggets to a 93-66 lead after three quarters. 
Much like the Timberwolves did in Game 2, the Nuggets did an excellent job of sticking to their game plan, and playing with a higher intensity level despite holding a 20+ point lead deep into the third quarter. It was a professional effort that made a fourth quarter moot on the scoreboard. 
McDaniels found a rhythm offensively, scoring six of the Wolves’ first nine points of the frame, including a pick-six after intercepting a Murray pass, but Minnesota had more turnovers (three) than made field goals (two) in the first five minutes of the quarter.
After a few more minutes of sloppy basketball from the Wolves, Alexander-Walker took a shot flying around a screen, the third time he ended up on the ground after a hard Jokić screen. NAW remained down for a couple minutes writhing in pain grabbing his shoulder, with the entire Timberwolves team huddled around him. After being helped to his feet, Alexander-Walker went right up to Tony Brothers and let his feelings known, earning a technical foul. Anderson, who was holding Alexander-Walker back, must not have liked Brothers’ response and stood up for his young teammate. Slow-Mo quickly turned around and screamed in Brothers’ face, also picking up a technical at the 5:54 mark of the fourth, with Minnesota trailing 107-75.
Alexander-Walker went to the locker room, either for a medical evaluation, to cool off, or both, before returning a few minutes later — so there’s no real concern for Game 4. 
“I was more just upset because I’m fighting my ass off. I’m not one that’s going to flop and fake. For me, I was just trying to fight through screens. I felt like because I’m into my guy, last minute he’s trying to slide over to get a clean hit. I feel like my initial routes are to avoid the screen. So every time I keep getting clipped trying to get around, I had hurt my shoulder a few possessions before that,” Alexander-Walker said postgame. 
“I tried to fight it off. Then again it happened. I’m not trying to get injured. So now at a certain point, I know Jokic is by no mean a dangerous player. I’m just trying to talk to the refs, like can you please look out for it. I just got heated in the moment, getting hurt, trying to play hard. Should’ve had a better conversation.”
Finch rightly decided he had seen enough from his rotation players, emptying the bench for the final six minutes. Much like Denver lost their cool after getting destroyed at home in Game 2, Minnesota did the same thing in Game 3, losing in embarrassing fashion on their home floor. 
The Nuggets stars dominated offensively, fueling a 117-90 win to get the series back to 2-1.
 Murray scored a team-high-tying 24 points, going 11/21 from the field, and added four rebounds and four assists, while Jokić delivered 24 points on 10/18 shooting to go along with 14 boards, nine dimes, three blocks and three steals. Porter Jr. got back on track with 21 points on 6/10 shooting, while Gordon added 13 points of his own, and Caldwell-Pope also got into double figures with 12.
Edwards paced the Wolves with 19 points on 8/15 shooting, six rebounds and five assists. Towns finished with 14 points (12 coming in the first half, all on 3s), while McDaniels and Conley each added 10 in support. Minnesota’s bench before garbage time mustered just 16 points, their lowest scoring night of the playoffs. 
We’ve got a series, kids. The Nuggets have earned at least one more home game and have the chance to steal back home-court advantage in Game 4 and continue the trend of zero home wins.
“[We] trust each other. The locker room’s tighter than ever. Guys aren’t looking around. We’re not breaking from within. Everyone knows that we’ve got to be ready for Sunday. There’s no sense talking about it,” Alexander-Walker said in the locker room. 
“We just have to get prepared. The good thing about it is we’re a family here. Everyone’s connected. From this moment forward, all the preparation, everything we need to do is going to be done.”
The Timberwolves dominated Game 2 of this series because they did two things very well. 
1) They ran a ton of horns actions, double drag screens, and pin-downs into dribble hand-offs (Chicago action) to get Edwards going with a head of steam towards the basket
2) The three players on the floor that a) weren’t Edwards and b) weren’t guarded by Jokić set a ton of screens for Ant to force switches, almost letting him choose who he wanted to attack either in isolation, or in a high pick-and-roll.
But Minnesota for the most part completely abandoned these things in Game 3. It was a performance reminiscent of some of the Wolves’ fourth quarter collapses their post-Christmas rough patch. Simply put, they did not do enough to set Edwards up for success. However, Edwards deserves his fair share of the blame, as he appeared hesitant to attack off the dribble despite the Nuggets offering very little rim protection inside. 
The Wolves’ offense for most of the first half had very little kinetic energy. Players didn’t move much and the ball didn’t move much.
“Just sluggish. Slow pace up and down the floor. Wasn’t where we needed it to be, where it has been all postseason. Decision making wasn’t there. Just general movement, activity wasn’t there. Thought then we tried to shoot our way after one pass when the game was still there for us,” Finch said postgame. 
“We didn’t want to work very hard for our offense and got a little bit lazy and we missed those shots. We did miss a lot of layups early. Generally when you’re doing that you’re not playing in the right mindset. Not a lot of good things on either end of the floor really.”
That lack of motion resulted in spacing issues and shots off of very few passes within a possession.
To make matters worse, the Minnesota big men didn’t attack the offensive glass with as much physicality and force as they did in Games 1 and 2. After converting 10 offensive rebounds for 14 second chance points in Game 2, Minnesota collected just five of their own misses for eight extra points. Gobert The Timberwolves as a result shot an uncharacteristically high number of 3s (20) to try and get back into it, and made just one of their seven corner 3-point attempts — well below their 41.3% season average. 
Minnesota went on to attempt just 24 shots at the rim, a far cry from the 34 they created in Game 2, and scored just 34 points in the paint after putting up 52 in Monday’s win. And when the Timberwolves did get into the paint, they didn’t convert well, especially in the first half; the Wolves connected on just 17 of their 31 paint shots (54.8%), a number that should be closer to 65% for them.
Things got a little better in the second half, but not much. Conley took the reins, running a ton of empty side pick-and-roll with Gobert, but Jokić did a good job of playing up at the level of the screen and forcing Conley into the corner, preventing him from getting to the baseline. And when the Wolves weren’t running that side PnR, Minnesota smalls were setting screens for Ant to force switches, which he took advantage of multiple times in the third quarter. 
But the Timberwolves couldn’t sustain it for more than a few possessions at a time, mixing in bouts of holding the ball that stagnating the offense and lazy turnovers that screamed to the crowd “we didn’t take this game seriously enough.”
The Timberwolves evidently did not play with the same fire defensively in Game 3 that they brought in the opening two games, and that starts at the point of attack. 
“They exaggerated their spacing a little bit. They had other guys bring it up to alleviate pressure. They did things that we expected them to do to be quite honest but we were just too far off everything,” Finch said after the game. “Our point of attack defense was not where it needed to be and that’s where it starts for us. 
Edwards took the Murray matchup and didn’t do a good enough job fighting over screens in the opening minutes. Murray saw his shot fall early and often, and clearly looked more comfortable moving and operating in the half-court than he did early in the series. The Wolves’ All-Star compounded a lack of aggressive offensively with a level of fight defensively that didn’t rise to the level the Timberwolves needed it to be at. 
“That’s on me. I’ll take the blame for this loss. I came out with no energy at all. I can’t afford to do that for my team,” Edwards said. “I let my team down, coaches down, fans down. I’ll be ready Sunday.”
Murray getting free into the mid-range coming around screens required more help defenders to sink into the paint, unlocking kick-out passes that created good 3-point looks and opportunities for his teammates to attack off the catch. The Nuggets’ offense is at their best when all five players are involved and in a rhythm, and that is exactly what happened early. Jokić of all people was the odd man out, going scoreless for the first nine minutes of the game. But it’s easier for him to get going than his teammates, and boy did he turn it on later in the game after Minnesota had to devote more resources to defend Murray. 
“I think it was a lot of different things, but we were a step slow. A little bit of confusion here and there on a couple traps – if we should trap or we shouldn’t, if we should rotate or not,” Conley said postgame. 
“They do a good job of getting the ball to Jokic in the mid-post area, short roll area, so he puts a lot of stress on you where you don’t know whether you should help or get back out to shooters. They did that a lot tonight, and it put us in a tough spot.”
McDaniels getting into early foul trouble certainly didn’t help things, either. This officiating crew called a tighter game than the one in Game 2 and the Wolves let it impact the way they defended, instead of quickly adapting and getting after it on that end — like they did in Games 2 and 3 of the first round series. Minnesota appeared apprehensive defensively, which is never a good sign. 
“To be honest we didn’t start the game with the same, like, real teeth and intensity defensively that we had been doing. A lot of separation. We were trailing every play. I think their hands on almost every shot they missed for a while. Whether we rebounded or they rebound they still were in the mix too much,” Finch said at the podium. 
“A couple ticky tack fouls early. I don’t know if that softened us up. Losing Jaden early certainly hurt our ability to guard them a little bit more aggressively on the perimeter. I thought there were some unfortunate calls but it is what it is.”
Sloppy offense early in the game also helped Denver get into the half-court quicker, force some crossmatches, and limit the frequency at which they had to play against a set defense — a major key for them. 
The Timberwolves have flexed their depth throughout the playoffs and especially against a Nuggets team that is down its sixth and seventh men (Bruce Brown and Jeff Green) from last season’s title run. But on Friday night their bench scored just 16 points before garbage time, their worst scoring performance of the series. 
Reid scored just seven points on 2/7 shooting; Alexander-Walker did not make any of his three 3-point attempts and scored just six points; and Anderson failed to provide the same type of playmaking spark he did in Game 2 as a result of having to play with two other bigs compared to just one on Monday without Gobert. 
One would think Reid and Alexander-Walker will bounce back given that they have been highly consistent impact players off the bench all season. But might it be time to see what Monte Morris can do in an extended run? 
Morris given his history in Denver knows this Nuggets team better than anyone on the team and offers critical shooting that Anderson cannot provide. While Slow-Mo holds exceptional value as a screener, short roll playmaker and scorer, and offensive rebounder in lineups with one of Towns or Reid (and no Gobert), he cratered the spacing in the minutes he played in place of McDaniels.
The former Iowa State star would still allow the Wolves to run spread pick-and-roll with Gobert, provide capable scoring in the mid-range, be a willing catch-and-shoot threat from deep, get the ball moving and, most importantly, take care of the basketball. 
While I understand that Morris’s time in Minnesota probably hasn’t gone as well as President of Basketball Operations Tim Connelly had hoped it would when the Wolves acquired the veteran playmaker at the trade deadline, if Finch and his staff don’t trust Morris or aren’t willing to mix it up when the series is calling for another guard to get some run, that’s a tough reality to face as they face their first real adversity in these playoffs. 
The Wolves and Nuggets will get a 48-hour break before getting back after it for Game 4 on Sunday night at 7 PM at Target Center. Fans can watch the game on TNT.
Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.