Photo: Getty Images
Post Malone’s hotly-anticipated country album will include collaborations with globally-beloved legends, fast-rising stars in the genre, bluegrass icons and more.
The full F-1 Trillion track list appeared on Page A11 of the print edition of the Nashville-based Tennessean on Wednesday (July 31). The Tennessean shared the 18-track list that appears as a full-page ad on Instagram, highlighting the “notable” details about the soon-to-debut album in addition to the previously-released singles. Post Malone also shared a photo of the full-page track list reveal on Wednesday:
The first F-1 Trillion track Post Malone released earlier this year was his collaboration with Wallen, followed by the one with Shelton and “Guy For That,” one of two collaborations with Combs. He’s teased other duet partners in recent months, including Stapleton and HARDY. Posty has also stirred anticipation for his country project with performances at some of the genres biggest festivals (including Stagecoach) and award shows. He took the stage at the 59th ACM Awards earlier this year — including an impromptu duet with host Reba McEntire — and joined Wallen and HARDY for a surprise tribute to Joe Diffie at the CMA Awards in November 2023. Post also joined Wilson and ERNEST for an intimate performance at the Bluebird Cafe, a historic Nashville venue that has hosted some of the genre’s most notable rising stars and most well-known legends.
F-1 Trillion is due to release on August 16. See Post Malone’s list of tour stops below.
Sun Sep 8 – Salt Lake City, UT – Utah First Credit Union Amphitheatre  
Thu Sep 12 – Noblesville, IN – Ruoff Music Center  
Sat Sep 14 – Syracuse, NY – Empower Federal Credit Union Amphitheater at Lakeview  
Mon Sep 16 – Bangor, ME – Maine Savings Amphitheatre  
Wed Sep 18 – Boston, MA – Fenway Park  
Fri Sep 20 – Hershey, PA – Hersheypark Stadium  
Sat Sep 21 – Hartford, CT – The XFINITY Theatre  
Mon Sep 23 – Saratoga Springs, NY – Broadview Stage at SPAC  
Wed Sep 25 – Scranton, PA – The Pavilion at Montage Mountain  
Sat Sep 28* – New York, NY – Global Citizen Festival
Sun Sep 29 – Wantagh, NY – Northwell at Jones Beach Theatre  
Tue Oct 1 – Cuyahoga Falls, OH – Blossom Music Center  
Fri Oct 4 – Virginia Beach, VA – Veterans United Home Loans Amphitheater at Virginia Beach   
Sat Oct 5 – Raleigh, NC – Coastal Credit Union Music Park  
Mon Oct 7 – Charlotte, NC – PNC Music Pavilion  
Wed Oct 9 – Charleston, SC – Credit One Stadium  
Fri Oct 11 – Atlanta, GA – Lakewood Amphitheatre  
Sun Oct 13 – Rogers, AR – Walmart AMP  
Tue Oct 15 – Pelham, AL – Oak Mountain Amphitheatre  
Thu Oct 17 – Orange Beach, AL – The Wharf Amphitheater  
Sat Oct 19 – Nashville, TN – Nissan Stadium
Tue Oct 22 – Houston, TX – Th Cynthia Woods Mitchell Pavilion
Sat Oct 26 – Austin, TX – Germania Insurance Amphitheater
*Festival Performance