Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
Actress Tina Malone has thanked fans for their support after the death of her husband Paul.
The 61-year-old, known for her roles in Brookside and Shameless, wrote a heartfelt note to thank everyone for their overwhelming support.
She posted on X: "I am totally overwhelmed at the cards, flowers, messages, calls, txts, emails I've received from friends, family, colleagues, Paul's army brothers ,it's a great comfort for us.
"I will reply to everyone soon as I am able to, the support and kindness on here to has deeply touched me too xx."
One fan responded to her post saying: "Tina, I am so sorry for your loss. Myself and a friend @clairelilly have suffered similar losses in 2019/2020 when our kids fathers died from military related PTSD. 
"You aren't alone, we will be here for you should you want some support. Sending love."
Another person commented: "I have only just learned of your sad loss . I am so sorry for your devastating loss. Sending support strength and hugs from Scotland."
 A third added: "Sending so much love Tina."
Last week, Tina announced that Paul had passed away earlier that day at the age of 42. In an emotional post she told fans: "It's with total heartbreak I write this my husband Paul Chase Malone passed away this morning we are totally devastated."
In the last photos of Tina and Paul together, they looked very happy celebrating their 13th wedding anniversary. 
They were seen hugging each other outside the Mercure Hotel hotel in Liverpool in August 2023.
When Tina shared the sad news about Paul, lots of people sent kind words to her. Someone wrote: "Oh no so very sorry for your loss and my condolences to you and yours."
Another person said: "I'm so sorry for your loss Tina. I don't know you or the man you clearly loved with all your heart, but my heart breaks for you as I can only imagine how truly devastating it would feel if the man I love with all my heart passed away as he inevitably will."
Tina and Paul got married in 2010 and had their first child, Flame Chase, three years later when Tina was 50.
They split up after being married for nine years, but they had been together for 11 years. However in February 2020, they announced they were back together again.