ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK - DECEMBER 31: Post Malone performs during Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve ... More With Ryan Seacrest 2020 on December 31, 2019 in New York City. Post Malone's The Diamond Collection returns to three Billboard rankings this frame, even reaching a new peak on several of them at once. (Photo by Eugene Gologursky/Getty Images for Dick Clark Productions )
Post Malone rules a number of Billboard charts this week with his new album F-1 Trillion. The superstar’s first country set blasts in at No. 1 on a handful of rankings, and it proved so popular that one of his other releases is also back on multiple tallies as well.
The Diamond Collection returns to three Billboard rankings this frame. Malone released the compilation last year to celebrate earning several new diamond-certified singles. Once he claimed enough of those high-profile wins to fill a complete album, he dropped the set, and it became another quick win for him.
The Diamond Collection rises highest on the Top Rap Albums chart. The project manages to hit No. 1 on Billboard’s ranking of the most-consumed rap full-lengths in the country for the very first time, after dozens of frames living close to the uppermost reaches of the roster.
The set experiences a similar comeback on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart. On that list, The Diamond Collection reappears at No. 2. That’s also a new peak for the singles-packed experience.
The Diamond Collection is also a major streaming win all over again. Malone’s first greatest hits effort is back on the Top Streaming Albums chart, which was only introduced by Billboard about a year ago. On that roster, the title reappears at No. 15, nearing its No. 11 high point.
While it doesn’t return, The Diamond Collection is also experiencing a huge week on the Billboard 200. The title didn’t need to reappear, as it was already present on that list of the most-consumed albums in the U.S. last time around–as is usually the case.
The Diamond Collection shoots from No. 161 to No. 17 on this week’s Billboard 200. Consumption of the project, according to Luminate, more than doubled, thanks to all the attention Malone has been receiving lately. In the past tracking week, the title moved 27,200 equivalent units–which is up more than 200% from the period before.