Filed under:
The rookie almost flirted with his first quadruple-double of his career. 
What if I told you there’s a player so remarkably skilled at basketball that, even on an off night offensively, competing at high altitude against the defending NBA champions, was on the brink of making NBA history? Well, that’s precisely what Victor Wembanyama did on Tuesday night. 
Victor Wembanyama tonight:23 PTS 15 REB8 AST9 BLK1 STLFlirting with a quadruple double as a rookie is insane pic.twitter.com/19QlkjkZln
Wemby was just two assists and one block away from achieving a rare quadruple-double. His performance, although marred by a 9-29 shooting night, showcased his versatility and immense value to his team. His influence extends far beyond scoring, making him a vital asset on the court.
In a post-game interview, when questioned about his near-historic feat, Victor responded in his trademark modest manner, displaying his focus on the game rather than personal accolades.
“I didn’t know I was close. It’ll happen eventually, but I have other priorities.” - Victor Wembanyama on being close to a quadruple double pic.twitter.com/vmmlBvRZx1
His sole concentration remained on the challenge of outplaying the reigning MVP, Nikola Jokic. It’s clear that Victor is not the type to chase statistics; his priority lies in contributing to his team’s success in any way possible.
Nevertheless, witnessing the showdown between Wembanyama and Jokic was a spectacle in itself. Both players demonstrated why the future of the league is so promising, hinting at many more epic battles to come in the years ahead. It’s undeniable that Victor’s talent is garnering widespread recognition across the league.
"He’s going to be really, really, really, really, really, really good. Yeah, he’s going to be an amazing player. Just his ability to time up shots and block, really affects the game. It makes you second guess and thinkabout what you’re trying to do," DEN's Gordon on Victor… pic.twitter.com/IOnKtttd7m
“We’re watching the ascension of the next great player in the NBA.” - Nuggets Head Coach Michael Malone on Wemby pic.twitter.com/upTXdAbmZG
This was undeniably one of the most riveting sequences of the season, witnessing Wembanyama and Jokic engage in a fierce battle on the court. 
This Wemby and Jokić sequence    pic.twitter.com/aTL3xsEzO7
Adding to the intrigue surrounding Victor’s performance, it’s worth noting that he currently boasts more blocks than an astounding 86.6% of NBA players in HISTORY. This remarkable statistic becomes even more impressive considering his youth, having played only 67 games in his burgeoning career thus far. 
Victor Wembanyama has more career blocks than 86.6% of all players in NBA history. pic.twitter.com/nGhBL6ssO5
While the night was undoubtedly entertaining, keen observers could sense Wembanyama’s disappointment when engaged in conversation with Jokic. His competitive nature was palpable, further underscoring his relentless drive for success.
gg, @nuggets! pic.twitter.com/8mi7W0eR0B
The opportunity to interact with basketball legend Tim Duncan was undoubtedly a highlight for Victor, as evidenced by his sentiment: It’s always nice to be in the company of the great Tim Duncan!
Victor Wembanyama just reached 1,400 points and 700 rebounds this season. Only 2 rookies in NBA history to reach 1,400 points, 700 rebounds, 200 assists and 200 blocks:Tim Duncan Victor Wembanyama
Lastly, it’s essential not to overlook Wemby’s burgeoning passing skills. Already displaying proficiency in this aspect of the game, one can only imagine his potential with improved teammates in the future.
It’s so wild that on top of everything else, Wemby is a GREAT passer
Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.