Male birth control could finally be a reality with gel that’s rubbed on shoulders – LINK
Confirmed:What is ‘pebbling’? What to know about the wholesome new dating trend inspired by penguins – LINK
Guys’ Apartments Are Dirtier, Covered With Poop – LINK
Post-surgery patient’s colon falls out of his body following a ‘forceful’ sneeze – LINK
It’s Summer—So Does That Mean a Dip in the Pool Counts as a Bath? – LINK
The world’s largest POOP museum just opened in downtown Williams – LINK
Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez are giving more signs that a divorce could be coming. According to sources, the couple are “quietly” trying to sell their $60.8 million mansion in Beverly Hills, California. Affleck and Lopez purchased the home last May after two years of searching for a home. The estate has 12 bedrooms and 24 bathrooms and a 5,000-square-foot guest house. The latest news doesn’t suggest that the couple will be together much longer. Or should we be optimistic and say they are downsizing?
Will Smith and Martin Lawrence brought movie theaters to life over the weekend. Their fourth Bad Boys film, Ride or Die, won the weekend box office, bringing in $56 million in North American ticket sales. The movie cashed in with $104.6 million globally. The Garfield Movie, IF, The Watchers, and Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes round out the top five films of the weekend.
A new teaser released Saturday for Deadpool & Wolverine has accomplished its mission. People are talking about the film, particularly about a pair of legs that are seen for a second in one of the shots. Fans are speculating that legs herald the arrival of Lady Deadpool, who comes from an alternate universe. The brief shot arrives around the 30-second mark. “I’m about to lose everything that I’ve ever cared about,” says Ryan Reynolds/Deadpool in a voiceover. A pair of legs are then seen walking in a red and black Deadpool suit, but the rest of the body isn’t shown. Some are speculating that, if it is Lady Deadpool, the character would be played by Blake Lively, who is married to Ryan Reynolds. Deadpool & Wolverine arrives in theaters on July 26.
Dick Van Dyke can now add history-making Emmy winner to his expansive résumé! The legendary actor, 98, took home the Daytime Emmy for Guest Performance in a Daytime Drama Series on Friday, June 7, at the 51st Annual Daytime Emmy Awards. Van Dyke had been nominated for his role of Timothy Robicheaux on Days of Our Lives. He is the oldest-ever actor to win the award. “Thank you. I don’t believe this. I feel like a spy from nighttime television,” Van Dyke gushed in his acceptance speech. “I’m the oldest nominee in history. I’ve been playing old men all my life. If I’d known I was going to live this long I’d have taken better care of myself.” He continued, “I’m 98 years old, can you believe it? This tops a lifetime of 80 years in the business. I love you, God bless.” After a long and illustrious acting career, Van Dyke made his soap opera debut in September 2023. His Days character, Timothy, was featured in a four-part arc alongside longtime cast member Drake Hogestyn.
Last week, we reported about a man who was banned from the Las Vegas Sphere and other Madison Square Garden-owned venues for smoking a bong during a Phish concert. According to Variety, the ban has been rescinded. After the video of the incident went viral, MSG sent the
man a letter saying he wouldn’t be allowed into any of their arenas. A spokesperson for Sphere Entertainment said the ban was lifted because of “a breakdown in our process.” A statement said, “This customer is not banned from our properties, however, it is still against our policies, which are in accordance with local laws, to smoke, bring glassware into our venues, and disrupt other fans’ enjoyment of the event.”
Roger Daltry says he’s “had enough” of his scream from The Who’s “Won’t Get Fooled Again”. “I’m not gonna do the scream,” Daltrey told ‘Billboard’. “I’m gonna get the f***ing audience to do the scream. I’ve done that scream for 55 years, and I’ve had enough of it. I don’t even want to try it now; it’s brutal on the vocal cords. They can do the scream, and I’ll do everything else. I’m more into singing these days. At the age of 80, I think I deserve to be.” (AUDIO ATTACHED)
Nothing says TURNING 50 YEARS YOUNG . . . like getting a tattoo of a PENIS on your FACE. (???) Well, Steve-O turns 50 on Thursday . . . and he’s INTO IT. Surprisingly it’s taken that long for him to get his FIRST face tat. Post Malone will be doing the honors on Friday at the Bonnaroo Festival in Tennessee. Quote, “Post Malone is going to tattoo a [penis] on my forehead . . . I’ve designed it already. The bar for my comedy is pretty high these days.” This isn’t the first time Posty has tatted Steve-O. In 2022, they gave each other matching “Ghost Malone” tattoos . . . which was a ghost that is VISIBLY AROUSED.
For the first 12 years of Nick Cannon’s career, he was best known for “All That”, “Drumline”, and “Wild ‘n Out”. For the next 12, he’s been known for being SUPER DAD: 12 kids in 12 years with six women. And it’s clear that aspect of his life is NOT drying up. Nick says he’s taken out a $10 MILLION insurance policy on his baby-making bits to ensure, quote, “the protection I need to keep this family tree rolling.” Nick said, “Haters say it’s time for me to stop having kids and put this [babymaking prowess] to rest, but I’m doubling down on these valuable [bits] and my future kids.” (Warning: He actually said “super sperm” and “balls.”) If he’s serious, this isn’t unprecedented . . . celebrities have taken out insurance policies protecting their INSTRUMENTS OF FAME for years. Nick’s ex, Mariah Carey, has a $35 million policy on her legs and voice. (Billboard / TMZ)
Dolly Parton is 78 years old and showing absolutely no signs of slowing down. And it seems like she’s done more in the last couple years, than most of us do in an entire lifetime. Now, she’s making a run at Broadway in the Big Apple. Dolly just announced that her new musical called, “Hello, I’m Dolly”, arrives in 2026 and will be based on her life story. Dolly said, “You’ll laugh, you’ll cry. You’ll clap, you’ll stomp. It truly is a Grand Ol’ Opera. Pun and fun intended.”
It’s one thing if you know the EXACT PRICE of a can of baked beans . . . it’s another to guess a large showcase worth tens of thousands. Something crazy happened on “The Price Is Right” on Friday. During the Showcase Showdown, a contestant named Patrice Masse bid $39,500 as the price of his showcase . . . and it was $39,501. He was off by ONE DOLLAR. Thankfully, he was one dollar UNDER. If he was $1 OVER, he would’ve walked away with an ‘L.’ (You know, “Price Is Right” rules.) Since he was within $250, he gets both showcases . . . winning $83,068 overall. The packages include a car . . . a motorcycle . . . getaways to Miami, Hawaii, and Italy . . . and some luxury, designer products. Drew dramatically celebrated the bid on the air, and said, “Off by a dollar, with absolutely no help from anybody in the audience . . . that was the best showcase bid in the history of the show, in my opinion.”
Today is National Iced Tea Day. So naturally, Ice-T went to a Raising Cane’s in New York to surprise fans and hand out iced tea. He says he started working with Raising Cane’s three years ago. Quote, “I always try to find things that I’m truly into instead of just endorsing [stuff] I don’t [care about]. That’s corny.” Ice-T says their SWEET tea is the way to go. Quote, “I don’t understand unsweetened iced tea, unless you got, like, some health stuff. People are against sugar and this and that, but certain things are meant to be sweet.” He also did ads for the company where there are TWO Ice-Ts . . . one sweet and one unsweet, just like the teas on the menu. So for today ONLY, Raising Cane’s is offering all Caniac members a FREE 22- ounce tea.
How often are COMEDIANS voted as “People” magazine’s Sexiest Man Alive? The answer is NOT ENOUGH. And Will Ferrell wants to change that. At the “Despicable Me 4” premiere yesterday, Will told “People” magazine that he’s planting the seeds to be on the cover. He dressed as a “sexy, soccerplaying villain” in an Adidas track suit with a popped collar. And he said, quote, “You guys never have comedians. So get it going internally, all right? Sexiest Man.” The last funny guy to be on the cover was Paul Rudd in 2021. Then back in 2014, it was Chris Hemsworth, if he counts?
Every generation of teenage boys has a new CELEBRITY CRUSH to hang posters of in their room. And it seems like each era had its “stereotypical” dream girls. People on social media are talking about which women were the “it” celebrity crushes at various times, and this seems to be the consensus:
1. 1950s: Marilyn Monroe
2. 1960s: Raquel Welch. Or Tina Louise (Ginger on “Gilligan’s Island”).
3. 1970s: Farrah Fawcett. Or Lynda Carter. Or Dolly Parton.
4. 1980s: Cindy Crawford. Or Jennifer Connelly. Or Kelly LeBrock. Or Heather Locklear. Or Tawny Kitaen.
5. 1990s: Pamela Anderson. Or Carmen Electra. Or Jennifer Love Hewitt. There’s also Danielle Fishel . . . a.k.a. Topanga from “Boy Meets World”.
6. 2000s: Britney Spears. Or Salma Hayek. Or later, Megan Fox into the 2010s. Also, Stacy’s Mom had it goin’ on.
7. 2010s: Emma Watson. Or Selena Gomez. Or Margot Robbie. Or Emilia Clarke. Or Scarlett Johansson.
8. 2020s: Jenna Ortega. Or Sydney Sweeney. Or Dua Lipa. But it’s probably too early to say.
                                                – The Adventures of Shorty Mac 9
                                                – The Ballpark Gangbang
                                                – Battle of the Busty Blondes
                                                – Brownie Addict 3
                                                – Interracial Booty Patrol 7
                                                – White Muffin Black Stuffin
                                                – And who can forget her role in 2007’s Little Red Rides The                                          Hood 3
Brittany Angel is 37 years old
Quarterback A.J. McCarron, who returned to the team in 2024 to win a championship, hobbled off the field at the break. The disgruntled reaction from 30,237 fans seemed to be focused on the heavy concentration of running plays employed by the Battlehawks. McCarron, who was playing on a badly injured left ankle, didn’t complete a pass in the first quarter — two were dropped — and he had just four completions at halftime. San Antonio’s won 25-15.
The Brahmas, will take on USFL Conference winner Birmingham for the championship Sunday in the dome, a scenario that does not bode well for attendance. Yikes. Battlehawks go down without much punch in season-ending loss (stltoday.com)
Andre Pallante threw five scoreless innings, struck out six and had his most assertive outing yet. Good offense helped too as Alec Burleson solo homered, Masyn Winn’s had two-run line-drive, and the Cardinals get another win – 5-1 to split the four-game series with Colorado. Cards take on the Pirates tomorrow at Busch.
Kansas leaders have drafted legislation in an attempt to woo the Kansas City Chiefs from Missouri. They want to use state bonds to give the NFL team a new stadium in Kansas. Leaders are getting an assist from the non-profit, Scoop and Score, who have started a petition aimed at Kansas leaders, saying the Chiefs “deserve a permanent home in Kansas”. They’re taking their shot after voters on Kansas City’s Missouri side refused a sales tax to keep up the complex around Arrowhead Stadium. Leaders have sent a letter asking the Chiefs to weigh in.
The Boston Celtics lead the NBA Finals 2 to 0 against the Dallas Mavericks. Game 3 will go down Wednesday. WNBA rookie Caitlin Clark will not be headed to Paris next month for the summer Olympic Games, according to multiple reports.
The 22-year-old star was reportedly left off the Team USA roster, the Associated Press and The Athletic reported, citing sources. No official announcement has been made.
The AP, which received the full roster from a person familiar with the decision, reported that while Clark won’t be headed to Paris, the U.S. is expected to field a star-packed team as it seeks another gold medal.
The U.S. women have won every gold medal in women’s basketball since the 1996 Atlanta Olympics.
Team USA is expected to take five-time gold medalist Diana Taurasi for a sixth Olympics. She will be joined by Phoenix Mercury teammate Brittney Griner, who will mark the first time playing internationally since she was detained in a Russian prison for 10 months in 2022. Griner said she would only play abroad for the Olympics. The Americans will play Japan, Belgium and Germany in pool play at the Olympics. Caitlin Clark expected to be off star-packed USA Basketball national team Olympic roster, reports say – CBS News
A Brooklyn man authorities say assisted former Toronto Raptors guard Jontay Porter in an illegal sports betting scheme has been arrested and detained pending trial. Long Phi Pham, 38, also known as “Bruce,” was apprehended at John F. Kennedy airport on Monday holding a one-way ticket to Australia, according to a criminal complaint filed in Brooklyn federal court. Pham is accused of working with Porter and three other suspects who remain at large to defraud sports betting sites by placing bets on Porter’s performance. Federal authorities say Porter had racked up large gambling debts to the co-conspirators and was encouraged to underperform in certain games so that their “prop bets” on his performance would cash. According to the complaint, Pham and the others cashed in a $10,000 parlay on Porter in a Jan. 26 game by betting the “under” on his total points, rebounds and assists. Porter played just four minutes before leaving the game with a purported eye injury. Then on March 20, authorities say Pham and the co-conspirators agreed in a Telegram chat before the game that Porter would take himself out by claiming he felt ill. The bet hit when Porter exited after three minutes, netting the group over $1 million in profits.
Two weeks later, according to the complaint, Porter wrote to the group that they “might just get hit w a rico,” referring to a racketeering charge, and asked if the group chat participants had “delete[d] all the stuff” from their personal cell phones.
If convicted of wire fraud, Pham faces up to 20 years in prison. The NBA hit Porter with a lifetime ban for his involvement in the alleged scheme, with NBA commissioner Adam Silver saying, “It’s a cardinal sin what he’s accused of in the NBA.
Need help accessing the FCC Public File due to a disability? Please contact Melissa Johnson at publicfilestlouis@hubbardradio.com
This web site is not intended for users located within the European Economic Area.

YouTube Terms of Service |
        Google Privacy Policy |
        Google Terms of Service 

© 2025 Hubbard Radio St. Louis, LLC