In a recent episode of Theo Von’s This Past Weekend, Post Malone shared exciting details about his chart-topping new album, F-1 Trillion, his high-profile collaborations, and potential European tour dates. When asked about writing the No. 1 hit “I Had Some Help” with Morgan Wallen, which was just named Billboard’s 2024 Song of the Summer, Malone revealed even more exciting news. He and Wallen have recorded another track together. “[Morgan Wallen’s] amazing…we wrote [‘I Had Some Help’] together. We cut another song too,” Malone said. He jokingly added, “I think I remember doing a verse, it was one of those long nights! That song’s awesome, too.”
Morgan Wallen has been teasing new music on his Instagram Story, fans wouldn’t be surprised to see another Post/Morgan collab on Wallen’s next album whenever it arrives.
According to the outlet, the summer songs chart measures a track's popularity based on weekly streaming, airplay, and sales data over the 14 weeks between Memorial Day and Labor Day. "I Had Some Help" dominated, holding the No. 1 position for all 14 weeks.
This marks the second consecutive year a country song has taken the Song of the Summer title, according to Billboard. Wallen also topped the chart in 2023 with "Last Night." Country artist Shaboozey's "A Bar Song (Tipsy)" secured the second spot this summer, with Kendrick Lamar's diss track "Not Like Us" rounding out the top three at No. 3.
Malone also hinted at possible European tour dates after his F-1 Trillion tour kicks off on September 8th in Salt Lake City, Utah. When asked about international shows, he jokingly said, “I go where they tell me,” and confirmed, “Probably afterwards. Yes, sir.”
Recently, Taylor Swift praised her Fortnight collaborator Post Malone for his latest country album. She worked with the rapper-turned-country-singer on the lead single of her new album, The Tortured Poets Department. Swift shared a supportive Instagram Story, writing, “Was lucky enough to hear this amazing music on the set of the ‘Fortnight’ video when Austin (Post Malone) played it for me,” alongside a photo of the two smiling on set. “It’s incredible how versatile his artistry is. And (he is) just the most down-to-earth guy alive.”
The F-1 Trillion album features a star-studded list of collaborators, including Tim McGraw, Hank Williams, Jr., Morgan Wallen, Dolly Parton, Blake Shelton, Brad Paisley, Lainey Wilson, Luke Combs, Ernest, Jelly Roll, Sierra Ferrell, Hardy, and Billy Strings. In addition to his collab with Swift, Malone also appeared on Beyoncé’s Cowboy Carter album in March, for the country-inspired track “Levii’s Jeans.”

                    Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!