Taylor Swift fans are raving over the "best duet over" after the music video for Fortnight featuring rapper Post Malone from her new album The Tortured Poets Department officially dropped.
Swifties gushed over the chaotic and emotional black-and-white music video showcasing scenes of love and torture as Taylor navigates a devastating breakup. In a series of montages, Taylor and Posty are seen sitting in a stark white room as they frantically type away on typewriters as the words "I love you it's ruining my life" are written over and over again while blue and orange smoke radiates from the machines.
In a series of changing scenes, Taylor is later seen tied up and being tortured with a metal contraption tied to her head. In the trapped position the singer cries out for help but she's unable to escape. In another later scene Taylor is freed from the shackles and seen running into the arms of Malone as they share a warm embrace in the middle of a deserted highway.
READ MORE: Taylor Swift fans convinced she shaded Olivia Rodrigo with scathing verse in new album
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
In another moment, Taylor is seen wearing a long black gown as she stares unwavering into the camera as dozens of loose papers fly around her. She's then undergoes an outfit change as she's seen wearing a white dress - that fans believe could be a reference to her Grammy Award ceremony look - as she's angrily throws a chair and shatters glass through a window.
The newly launched music video was met with a flood of thousands of comments as soon as it was posted with Swifties gushing over the melodramatic scenes. One fan declared: "Taylor and Post Malone are the best duet ever." And another wrote: "Every song I kept thinking to myself 'Alright girl, talk your shit'! This felt like the most mature, honest and straightforward work she has ever done. I didn’t find a single chord, note or lyric that wasn’t pure magic and stardust." And a third added: "Went through the 5 stages of grief listening to this. Nobody does it like Taylor."
While many have joked and compared the song to the popular video game, dedicated Swifites believe they've uncovered the true meaning behind the lyrics of the newly released track. The British meaning of the word "Fortnight" is a "period of two weeks" which fans theorize is referencing her short-lived whirlwind romance with 1975 rocker Matty Healy.
In chorus, she sings: “And for a fortnight there we were forever runnin’.” And later in the bridge of the song, Taylor sings: “I love you, it’s ruining my life / I touched you for only a fortnight.” In this she's implying the relationship only lasted two weeks which is how long fans believed she was romantically tied to Matty back in May of 2023 after her breakup with her ex Joe Alwyn.
In the music video, it seems that Taylor's ex-boyfriend later moves in next door leading to a mental breakdown as she's forced to regularly encounter the former lover that broke her heart. In the lyrics, Taylor explains that they had both moved on and found new partners, but she continues to harbor fury towards his new wife. She sings: "And for a fortnight, there we were forever running / Till you sometimes ask about the weather / Now you’re in my backyard, turned into good neighbors / Your wife waters flowers; I wanna kill her."
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.