By
Clayton Edwards
Muscadine Bloodline kicked off their Coastal Plain Tour in July to support their latest album. They planned to play headlining shows across the United States until early November. However, plans have changed. Now, the Mobile, Alabama natives will be on the road with Post Malone on his F-1 Trillion Tour throughout September and October.
Gary Stanton and Charlie Muncaster took to social media yesterday (September 4) to break the news to their fans and followers. While they were apologetic and hated disappointing fans who had already bought tickets to shows, they were excited to announce their slot on Malone’s upcoming tour.
“Alright folks, let’s have a talk,” Stanton began before Muncaster took the lead. “There was something that was sprung on us. A little bit of a curveball. But Post Malone just offered us a direct support slot on his F-1 Trillion Tour,” he revealed.
“We’re talking Nissan Stadium, Fenway Park, arenas, and amphitheaters across the country,” Stanton added. “We’re really excited. We’ve never dreamed of an opportunity like this. We could have never dreamed of one to not only tour with Post Malone but one of the biggest artists in the world,” Muncaster excitedly added. Unfortunately, they went on to point out, that means they have to suspend their forthcoming shows in September and October. The duo agreed that they hated the thought of letting their fans down. At the same time, they couldn’t pass up a golden opportunity like this.
[RELATED: Exclusive: Muscadine Bloodline Discuss Finding Their Musical Identity and ‘The Coastal Plain’]
“This is just an opportunity that we gotta do,” Stanton said. “I think it’s going to be one of those things that Charlie and I are going to remember for the rest of our lives and our grandkids will probably be talking about this,” he added.
Muscadine Bloodline asked their fans for “grace and understanding” for the shows they had to postpone to tour with Post Malone. For the most part, that’s what they received. While some fans vented their frustration, the majority of the replies to the post were positive.
“Stoked for you guys! You’re gonna kill it,” one fan wrote. “Ain’t nobody mad watching you grow and be successful. Go show Boston what country music sounds like! This is fantastic,” another fan tweeted.
Featured Image by Daniel DeSlover/ZUMA Press Wire/Shutterstock
If you purchase through links on our site we may earn an affiliate commission. 
Only members can comment. Become a member. Already a member? Log in.
4 Songs with the Most Iconic Intros in Country Music
Watch Aerosmith’s Steven Tyler and Joe Perry Perform Together for the First Time in Two Years
Beyoncé Slapped With a Cease-And-Desist Over Tour Footage Involving the Las Vegas Sphere

			© 2025 American Songwriter			American Songwriter: a Savage Ventures Brand