Billie is a Newsweek Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in London who has appeared online, in print and on radio. She has extensively covered pop culture, women's rights and lifestyle topics throughout her career and has interviewed numerous celebrities, including Jude Law, Billy Crystal and country singer Lainey Wilson. Originally from Sydney, Australia, Billie moved to London in 2019. She joined Newsweek in 2023 and has previously written for Stylist, Cosmopolitan, Popsugar, Metro.co.uk, The Mirror and Business Insider, just to name a few. She studied Media (Communications and Journalism) at the University of New South Wales. Languages: English. You can get in touch with Billie by emailing b.schwabdunn@newsweek.com, and on X at @billie_sd.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
A video of Taylor Swift dancing to Katy Perry's performance of "Teenage Dream" at the 2024 MTV Video Music Awards (VMAs) has gone viral.
Swift dominated the award show Wednesday night, taking home seven awards, making her the most recognized solo artist in VMA history. The "Bad Blood" singer was already the most-nominated artist at the beginning of the night and ended up winning her 30th VMA, surpassing Beyoncé's record set as a solo artist. On her own, Beyoncé has won 25 VMAs; she has won two with Jay-Z, and two with Destiny's Child.
Swift is no stranger to showing her enthusiasm when someone's performing at an award show, and Wednesday night was no different. The 14-time Grammy winner was seen singing and dancing to Perry's hit alongside friend Suki Waterhouse.
A video of Swift dancing was shared to X (formerly Twitter) by the account @TheSwiftSociety with the caption: "Taylor Swift singing along to Katy Perry." At the time of writing, the post had been viewed more than 1 million times.
Newsweek emailed a spokesperson for Swift for comment outside of normal business hours.
🎥| Taylor Swift singing along to Katy Perry #VMAs pic.twitter.com/2F5A3krBEa
This isn't the only time Swift went viral during the VMAs, as she set the internet ablaze when she thanked her boyfriend Travis Kelce, a tight end for the Kansas City Chiefs, during her acceptance speech for video of the year for "Fortnight" with Post Malone—beating out Ariana Grande, Billie Eilish, Doja Cat, Eminem and SZA.
"This video seems very sad when you watch it, but it actually was like the most fun video to make. Something that I'll always remember is that when, when I would finish a take, and I'd, and I'd say cut, and we'd be done with that take, I would always just hear someone cheering from across the studio where we were shooting it, and that one person was my boyfriend, Travis," Swift said, as the crowd erupted into cheers.
"Everything this man touches turns into happiness and fun and magic, and I want to thank him for adding that to our shoot because I'll always remember that."
A clip of her thanking Kelce was shared to X by the official VMAs account with the caption: "The sign on our hearts says it's still reserved for @taylorswift13's shoutout to @tkelce during her #VMAs acceptance speech.
At the time of writing, the video had been viewed over 153,000 times.
"Seriously tho Taylor mentioning Travis was incredibly touching," one person commented.
"'my boyfriend, travis' why am I giggling and kicking my feet," posted another.
A third person added: "Omg [oh my God] she publicly for the first time said 'my boyfriend Travis' I love to hear it."
Earlier in the speech, Swift acknowledged those she collaborated with for the music video and invited a few of them on stage, including Post Malone. She also expressed her gratitude to actors Josh Charles and Ethan Hawke, who co-starred in the video.
The sign on our hearts says it's still reserved for @taylorswift13's shoutout to @tkelce during her #VMAs acceptance speech💘 pic.twitter.com/S5VWlI2E4t
"Directing this video and putting it together and writing it was the most wonderful experience, and that is because of all the people that I got to make it with—and that includes [actors] Ethan Hawke and Josh Charles who were amazing cameos, that includes my amazing cinematographer [and] Rodrigo Prieto, who goes out of his way to work with female directors," Swift said.
"He's a genius and I can't believe I got to work with him as well as Ethan Tobman, my amazing production designer, who I worked with on the Eras Tour. Post Malone, who we all love so much."
The pop superstar concluded her speech by encouraging people to register to vote for the upcoming election. This came just a day after Swift's long-awaited endorsement of Vice President Kamala Harris following the politician's debate with former President Donald Trump.
This is the third year in a row that Swift has won the video music award. She won the award in 2023 for "Anti-Hero" and in 2022 for "All Too Well (10-minute version) (Taylor's Version)."
Newsweek is committed to journalism that's factual and fair.
Hold us accountable and submit your rating of this article on the meter. 
Newsweek is committed to journalism that's factual and fair.
Hold us accountable and submit your rating of this article on the meter. 
Billie is a Newsweek Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in London who has appeared online, in print and on radio. She has extensively covered pop culture, women's rights and lifestyle topics throughout her career and has interviewed numerous celebrities, including Jude Law, Billy Crystal and country singer Lainey Wilson. Originally from Sydney, Australia, Billie moved to London in 2019. She joined Newsweek in 2023 and has previously written for Stylist, Cosmopolitan, Popsugar, Metro.co.uk, The Mirror and Business Insider, just to name a few. She studied Media (Communications and Journalism) at the University of New South Wales. Languages: English. You can get in touch with Billie by emailing b.schwabdunn@newsweek.com, and on X at @billie_sd.
Billie is a Newsweek Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in London who has appeared online, in print and on radio. She has extensively covered pop culture, women's rights and lifestyle topics throughout her career and has interviewed numerous celebrities, including Jude Law, Billy Crystal and country singer Lainey Wilson. Originally from Sydney, Australia, Billie moved to London in 2019. She joined Newsweek in 2023 and has previously written for Stylist, Cosmopolitan, Popsugar, Metro.co.uk, The Mirror and Business Insider, just to name a few. She studied Media (Communications and Journalism) at the University of New South Wales. Languages: English. You can get in touch with Billie by emailing b.schwabdunn@newsweek.com, and on X at @billie_sd.
Billie is a Newsweek Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in London who has appeared online, in print and on                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC