Country music is one of the hottest genres of music right now, so it's no surprise that artists from across all sectors of music are wanting a bite of the action.
Post Malone is the latest music superstar, from another genre, to crossover to country.
We recently spoke to country star Jelly Roll and got his take on Posty diving into the genre.
During my latest sit-down with Jelly Roll on Taste of Country Nights On Demand, the conversation turned to Post Malone breaking into country music.
After all, Jelly Roll was also a rapper/singer, before busting the doors of country music down.
The "Halfway To Hell" singer unloaded the tea when asked.
Jelly Roll said, "Post is like me, in the regard of he is true to country music. There's an interview that Post said — seven or eight years ago — and he was like, '10 years from now, I'm going country.'"
Jelly Roll continued gushing over Post Malone, "This has been his heart. We all forget that Post Malone broke on Youtube singing Bob Dylan songs before 'White Iverson.'
He's just making it to where his heart is. I've hung out with that guy, he's one of the best dudes on Earth, the sweetest soul on Earth."
Now, this is where Jelly Roll makes a prolific statement, that if true, and if names were revealed, it would shake up country music for sure.
Jelly said, "He knows more about country music than guys in this town that have 10 number ones."
Did Jelly Roll stutter? No, he doubled down on the sentiment.
"There's guys in this town that have 10 number ones on country radio, that if you put them with Post Malone in a room together, right now, and they played country song for country song, who knew more country about country music, Post Malone knows more about country music than I'd say seven artists that have have had 10 number ones in this town."
"Want me to name a couple?" he asked. I eagerly said yeah, knowing he wouldn't. To which Jelly Roll belly laughed and said, "Just kidding, f*** you."
It's safe to say that Jelly Roll is a huge fan of Post Malone going country. Will we see a Jelly Roll/Post Malone collaboration? Only time will tell.
Evan Paul is the host of Taste of Country Nights, a syndicated radio show heard on more than 130 country radio stations nationwide, every night from 7PM to midnight. He plays the best new country music and interviews today's top stars, like Luke Combs, Morgan Wallen, Kenny Chesney, Miranda Lambert, Dan + Shay, Keith Urban, Carrie Underwood, Luke Bryan, Chris Stapleton, Lady A, + more! 
Gallery Credit: Billy Dukes
Gallery Credit: Billy Dukes