Noah Kahan & Kelsea Ballerini and Blake Shelton & Gwen Stefani will also perform on the show.

													By
												

	Paul Grein


Post Malone will perform on the 2024 Academy of Country Music Awards on May 16, along with several other pop artists: Noah Kahan (who will perform with Kelsea Ballerini, an album of the year and female artist of the year nominee), Avril Lavigne (who will perform with Nate Smith, a new male artist of the year nominee) and Gwen Stefani (who will perform with her husband and frequent collaborator Blake Shelton, a six-time ACM Award winner). The latter couple are expected to perform their current single, “Purple Irises.”

	










	Ed Sheeran teamed with Luke Combs to perform “Life Goes On” on last year’s ACM Awards, but this year’s lineup will be studded with more pop names than usual.




			Trending on Billboard		






	Parker McCollum, the 2022 new male artist of the year winner, has also been added to the bill for this year’s show, which will be held at Ford Center at The Star in Frisco, Texas, on May 16.

	Previously announced performers are Jason Aldean, Kane Brown, Jelly Roll, Cody Johnson, Miranda Lambert, Thomas Rhett, Chris Stapleton and Lainey Wilson, as well as Reba McEntire, who is hosting the show. McEntire will perform new music.

	More performers are expected to be announced. The top nominees who have not yet been announced as performers are Luke Combs, Megan Moroney, Morgan Wallen, Jordan Davis and Zach Bryan. Many fans no doubt hope that Wallen joins Post Malone to perform their upcoming collab “I Had Some Help.”

Bobby Bones will be featured throughout the show with the artist interview segment “Backstage With Bobby Bones,” which was introduced on last year’s show. Bones is a five-time ACM Awards winner for national on-air personality of the year.

	The show will stream live globally on Prime Video at 8 p.m. ET/5 p.m. PT. The ACM stresses that a Prime membership will not be required to watch live. They note: “Everyone is invited to the Party of the Year.”

	This is McEntire’s 17th time hosting or co-hosting the ACMs. She first co-hosted the show in 1986. McEntire is closing in on the all-time record for most times hosting or co-hosting a major awards show. That record has long been held by Bob Hope, who hosted or co-hosted the Academy Awards 19 times between 1940-78. (Both hosting stints span 38 years, so if McEntire hosts the ACM Awards again, she’ll surpass Hope’s span of years as host or co-host.)

	










	The 2023 ACM Awards, hosted by Dolly Parton and Garth Brooks, garnered more than 7.7 million viewers on Prime Video plus additional viewership across Amazon Music, the Amazon Music channel on Twitch, and Amazon Live, making it one of the year’s most-watched awards shows.

	This marks the ACM Awards’ third year streaming on Prime Video; its second in a row coming from Ford Center at The Star. The venue opened in 2016 and serves as the practice facility for the Dallas Cowboys. Last year’s ACM Awards were the first awards show to take place there.

	The 59th ACM Awards is produced by Dick Clark Productions (DCP). Raj Kapoor is executive producer and showrunner, with Patrick Menton as co-executive producer. Damon Whiteside serves as executive producer for the ACM, and Barry Adelman serves as executive producer for DCP. John Saade serves as consulting producer for Amazon MGM Studios.

	Kapoor was one of three executive producers of the Grammy Awards on Feb. 4, along with Ben Winston and Jesse Collins. He also served as executive producer and showrunner of the Oscars on March 10. Menton was a co-executive producer of the Grammys.

	Kapoor won a Primetime Emmy in 2022 as an executive producer of Adele: One Night Only, which was voted outstanding variety special (pre-recorded). Menton has received two Primetime Emmy nods for work alongside Kapoor on a pair of Grammy telecasts in 2021 and 2022. Adelman has received 18 Primetime Emmy nods for his work on the Golden Globe Awards and So You Think You Can Dance, though he has yet to win.

	A limited number of tickets to the 59th ACM Awards are available for purchase on SeatGeek.

	Fans can also tune into the official ACM Red Carpet on Prime Video, the Amazon Music Channel on Twitch, and Amazon Live, starting at 7 p.m. ET / 4 p.m. PT. The full rebroadcast will be available directly following the stream on Prime Video and available the next day for free on Amazon Freevee and the Amazon Music app.

	










	Fans can also enjoy a week of pre-ACM livestream shows hosted by Kelly Sutton and Amber Anderson of the Country Heat Weekly podcast and courtesy of Amazon Music. Broadcasting live on the Amazon Music Channel on Twitch, the festivities will kick off on Tuesday, May 14 at 9 p.m. ET with “Live from the ACM Awards: ACM New Artist Winners Celebration from Tostitos Championship Plaza at The Star,” which will include the presentation of the awards for ACM new male artist, new female artist, and new duo or group of the year.

	On Wednesday, May 15 at 9 p.m. ET, fans will be able to stream “Live from the ACM Awards: Backstage with Kelly & Amber.” On Thursday, May 16, fans can tune into the official ACM Red Carpet on Prime Video and the Amazon Music Channel on Twitch starting at 7 p.m. ET. Amber and Kelly will also release three ACM-themed Country Heat Weekly podcasts on Thursdays, starting on May 9 with the duo’s interview with McEntire.

	Fans can also stream the Official ACM Awards playlist available now on Amazon Music.

DCP is owned by Penske Media Eldridge, a Penske Media Corporation (PMC) subsidiary and joint venture between PMC and Eldridge. PMC is the parent company of Billboard.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.