A mix of clouds and sun. High near 80F. Winds S at 10 to 20 mph..
                                
Cloudy this evening. Scattered thunderstorms developing after midnight. Low 68F. Winds S at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of rain 50%.
 Updated: May 3, 2025 @ 12:48 pm
Kalyn Oyer is a Charleston native and the features editor for
The Post and Courier. She's a music festival and concert
photographer and avid showgoer who used to write about music for
the Charleston City Paper as well as national publications.

Kalyn Oyer is a Charleston native and the features editor for
The Post and Courier. She's a music festival and concert
photographer and avid showgoer who used to write about music for
the Charleston City Paper as well as national publications.
Shovels & Rope perform as the duo of Michael Trent and Cary Ann Hearst. This time around in the studio, they only recorded instrumentally what they could perform live as a two-piece. 
The seasons are changing, and the concert calendar continues to fill up for fall. This month, there's everything from big-name touring artists visiting town to locals putting on some spectacular showcases. 
Here are my 17 picks for October shows to attend in Charleston. 
What: I'll be there for this stellar lineup of an outdoor show, featuring the hitmaker behind millennial wedding anthem "You Are The Best Thing," Ray La Montagne, and one of my favorite melancholy folk artists, Gregory Alan Isakov ("Dandelion Wine" and "Big Black Car" are personal favorites from him). Erin Rae will open the night. 
When: 6 p.m. Oct. 1
Where: Firefly Distillery, 4201 Spruill Ave., North Charleston
Price: $59.50
More Info: fireflydistillery.com/event/ray-lamontagne-gregory-alan-isakov
Shovels & Rope just released a new album, "Something Is Working Up Above My Head." 
What: Charleston's own musical duo Shovels & Rope will play a doubleheader at the Music Farm as part of their tour promoting new album "Something Is Working Up Above My Head." It's a rock 'n' roll disc they say is a favorite of their more-than-decade-long career, and they've got a collaboration with Gregory Alan Isakov on there. 
When: 8 p.m. doors, 9 p.m. show Oct. 3-4
Where: Music Farm, 32 Ann St., downtown
Price: $35 advance, $40 day of show
More Info: musicfarm.com/event/shovels-rope
What: Celebrating the 25th anniversary of "Back That Azz Up" is rapper Juvenile of Cash Money Records and hip-hop group the Hot Boys. He'll be joined on stage by the 400 Degreez Band, as seen on NPR's "Tiny Desk" series. 
When: 7 p.m. Oct. 5
Where: Firefly Distillery, 4201 Spruill Ave., North Charleston
Price: $49.50
More Info: fireflydistillery.com/event/live-at-firefly-with-juvenile
What: This previously-based-in-Charleston Americana rock band is celebrating their 10th anniversary show along with Homemade Haircuts and Nick Poulin. If you haven't heard of The High Divers, get to listening to some of their catchy soulful rock hits like "Wild With You," "Weighing on My Mind" and "Summertime." 
When: 8 p.m. Oct. 5
Where: Lo-Fi Brewing, 2038 Meeting Street Road, downtown
Price: $10 advance, $15 day of show
More Info: eventbrite.com/e/the-high-divers-10th-anniversary-show-w-homemade-haircuts-nick-poulin-tickets-999595315497?aff=ebdsoporgprofile
Cults is playing at the Music Farm this October. 
What: Indie rock meets shoegaze band Glom will open for Cults, a New York City indie-rock, synth-pop, twee-psych duo. If you don't know what that means, go to the show to find out. 
When: 7 p.m. doors, 8 p.m. show Oct. 6
Where: Music Farm, 32 Ann St., downtown
Price: $24 advance, $29 day of show
More Info: musicfarm.com/event/cults
Post Malone will play Credit One Stadium's only October concert. 
What: The rap, hip-hop, R&B and trap sensation with face tattoos known as Post Malone or informally, Posty, is coming to town on his F-1 Trillion Tour, where he plays "a collection of country songs" with The Fools For You. His song from "Spider-Man: Into the Spiderverse" called "Sunflower" is an absolute jam, while you might recognize some of his other radio hits like "Congratulations," "Deja Vu" (with Justin Bieber) and "rockstar" (featuring 21 Savage). 
When: 6 p.m. doors, 7:30 p.m. show Oct. 9
Where: Credit One Stadium, 161 Seven Farms Drive, Daniel Island
Price: $145+
More Info: creditonestadium.com/event/post-malone-f-1-trillion-tour
What: Get your "Boogie Shoes" ready to "Get Down Tonight" and "Shake Your Booty" with this electric party band. "That's the Way," uh-huh, uh-huh. 
When: 6:30 p.m. doors, 7:30 p.m. show Oct. 10
Where: North Charleston Performing Arts Center, 5001 Coliseum Drive
Price: $38.75+
More Info: northcharlestoncoliseumpac.com/events/detail/kc-the-sunshine-band-1
What: My middle school soundtrack would not have been complete without the absolute slay by the Plain White T's known as "Hey There Delilah." Long distance love? Acoustic guitar? A sweet serenade? The formula for a song to which I still know every word. The two-time Grammy nominees will be playing that hit and more on The Windjammer's NUTRL beach stage. 
When: 6 p.m. doors Oct. 10
Where: The Windjammer, 1008 Ocean Blvd., Isle of Palms
Price: $30 advance, $40 day of show
More Info: the-windjammer.com/event/plainwhitets
What: Darius Rucker's own Riverfront Revival Festival is taking place this month with two days full of acts that include Hootie & The Blowfish, Tedeschi Trucks Band, The Revivalists, Collective Soul, Sister Hazel, Gritty Flyright, July Moon and many more. 
When: 5-11 p.m. Oct. 11, 1-11 p.m. Oct. 12
Where: Riverfront Park, 1061 Everglades Ave., North Charleston
Price: $215 two-day general admission (plus more options available) 
More Info: riverfrontrevival.com
Shwayze is performing at the Charleston Pour House this October. 
What: I may only know Shwayze because of 2008 summer hit "Buzzin'" (it was all the rage) but the Malibu rapper has since laid down hits such as "Corona and Lime," "Drunk Off Your Love" and "High Times." Sensamotion and Cloud9 Vibes will open the show, which is part of The Permanent Shwaycation Tour. 
When: 8 p.m. doors, 9 p.m. show Oct. 12
Where: Pour House, 1977 Maybank Highway, James Island
Price: $20 advance, $25 day of show
More Info: charlestonpourhouse.com/event/shwayze-2
The Temptations and The Four Tops will both perform at the North Charleston Performing Arts Center as part of a Motown-filled show. 
What: Get ready for some old-school Motown classics during this serenade from two supergroups behind hits like "My Girl," "Papa Was a Rollin' Stone," "Just My Imagination," "Can't Help My Self," "It's the Same Old Song," "Baby I Need Your Loving" and so much more. 
When: 6 p.m. doors, 7 p.m. show Oct. 16
Where: North Charleston Performing Arts Center, 5001 Coliseum Drive
Price: $49.75+
More Info: northcharlestoncoliseumpac.com/events/detail/the-temptations-the-four-tops-1
What: Grammy Award-winning string quintet The Infamous Stringdusters have headlined Red Rocks and played with The Grateful Dead's Phil Lesh. Charleston's own roots-rock Americana group Dangermuffin will open. 
When: 6 p.m. doors, 7 p.m. show Oct. 18
Where: The Refinery, 1640 Meeting Street Road, downtown
Price: $30.50 general admission, $45.50 VIP
More Info: ticketweb.com/event/the-infamous-stringdusters-the-refinery-tickets/13531224
What: The North Charleston POPS! present this Halloween nod of a concert featuring vocalist Elena Flores. Songs will include "Queen of the Night" (Mozart), "Death and Transfiguration" (Hancock), "The Devil Went Down to Georgia" and more.
When: 6:30 p.m. doors, 7:30 p.m. show Oct. 19
Where: North Charleston Performing Arts Center, 5001 Coliseum Drive
Price: $16+
More Info: northcharlestoncoliseumpac.com/events/detail/bewitched-with-elena-flores
David Rawlings and Gillian Welch are performing at the Charleston Music Hall this October. 
What: Gillian Welch's 25-years-and-running career wouldn't be quite the same without her co-writing, harmony-singing and instrumental-chops of a musical partner, David Rawlings. Together, they've been hailed as "modern masters of American folk" by Pitchfork and "protectors of the American folk song" by Rolling Stone. 
When: 7 p.m. doors, 8 p.m. show Oct. 21
Where: Charleston Music Hall, 37 John St. 
Price: $59.50-$99.50
More Info: charlestonmusichall.com/event/gillian-welch-david-rawlings
Jesse McCartney is performing this month at the Charleston Music Hall, with a VIP meet-and-greet option. 
What: New York-born and L.A.-based singer and actor Jesse McCartney has performed with the Back Street Boys and New Kids on the Block. He collaborated with T-Pain and wrote "Bleeding Love," a Grammy Award-nominated hit for Leona Lewis. I admittedly know him best for 2004 love song bop "Beautiful Soul," featured on Raven-Symone's Disney Channel show, "That's So Raven." 
When: 7 p.m. doors, 8 p.m. show Oct. 24
Where: Charleston Music Hall, 37 John St., downtown
Price: $32-$45 general admission, $95 box seats, $385 VIP 
More Info: charlestonmusichall.com/event/jesse-mccartney
What: The Royal American's parking lot will be blocked off and decorated with two rotating stages for this all-day outdoor festival put on by Atlas Touring. Halloween costumes are encouraged as 15 bands play. Boogieman has been a favorite spooky weekend tradition of mine, and this year you can catch a variety of both out-of-town and local acts on stage, including: Mo Lowda & The Humble, The Stews, Illiterate Light, Virginia Man, She Returns From War, Sun Child and more. 
When: 1:30 p.m. doors, 2-11 p.m. music Oct. 26
Where: The Royal American, 970 Morrison Drive, downtown
Price: $45 advance, $50 day of show
More Info: theroyalamerican.com/schedule/boogieman-10-26-24
What: Celebrate Halloween at one of Charleston's premier outdoor venues seeing this two-decades-and-running five-piece bluegrass band. 
When: 6 p.m. doors, 7 p.m. show Oct. 31
Where: The Refinery, 1640 Meeting Street Road, downtown
Price: $42.50 general admission, $57.50 VIP
More Info: ticketweb.com/event/greensky-bluegrass-the-refinery-tickets/13788293
Reach Kalyn Oyer at 843-469-9863.
Kalyn Oyer is a Charleston native and the features editor for
The Post and Courier. She's a music festival and concert
photographer and avid showgoer who used to write about music for
the Charleston City Paper as well as national publications.

Kalyn Oyer is a Charleston native and the features editor for
The Post and Courier. She's a music festival and concert
photographer and avid showgoer who used to write about music for
the Charleston City Paper as well as national publications.
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers:

, Post and Courier, an Evening Post Publishing Newspaper Group. All rights reserved. | Terms of Sale