Drummer and Bloomington native Phil Lawson. 
FLICK LITE: Our latest listings, as offered by the readers and your own resident Lite Boy ...
When last we left Phil Lawson, the 2007 Bloomington High School grad and former Purple Raider drumming band member, he was enjoying the time of a life, on world tours as drummer for pop singer/songwriter/starlet Kelsea Ballerini.
Lawson, these days of Nashville, has taken a couple of months off during a Ballerini break.
It's not for relaxation.
Instead, he's drummer for Post Malone, the meteoritic rapper, singer and guitarist on his F-1 Trillion Tour, recently in Noblesville, Indiana, an Indy suburb, where Lawson's parents, Vicki and Kevin Lawson, of Bloomington, even joined the entourage.
"After the show, we got backstage to hang with Post and Phil for 30 minutes," says Kevin. “Very cool.”
All those years as a parent, listening to a drummer practicing in the house? Ultimately, priceless!
Bloomington High School grad Phil Lawson, left, is working as a drummer with rapper/singer/guitarist Post Malone.
As worn by Peggy Messenger, who has entered her 70s:
"I SURVIVED THE SIXTIES TWICE"
It took three large men to carry it from a nearby truck to its pedestal; a street artist from Lyon, France, known as Ememem, a month of work in Normal to create it; and hundreds of scrap tiles ready for recycling from a longtime B-N company, Keen Tile, to complete it — but B-N now has its latest addition to that still growing and wholly unique, 16-acre natural play park that adjoins Colene Hoose grade school along Vernon Avenue in Normal.
It’s a 6-foot-tall oval mosaic.
Faculty members and school kids were ogling, studying, admiring, even touching its textures as it was unveiled last week. That included Charlie Jobson, the Hoose alum from back in the late ‘60s who grew up to become a Boston hedge fund manager and financed the $6.1 million park dedicated to his folks, a pair of B-N doctors when Charlie was play-grounding there as a kid.
“I hope it doesn’t get pooped on much,” laughed Jobson as birds in the natural park even flew over to check out the work.
Charlie Jobson stands next to the new mosaic at Colene Hoose Elementary School in Normal.
From the listing of Paul Young, 81, of Bloomington:
"(Wife) Linda insisted on getting married on his birthday, so Paul would never forget their anniversary."
— D’Andre Swift. A running back for the Chicago Bears.
— Doris Dollar. Heads a wealth management company in New Braunfels, Texas.
The Class of 1967 at Normal Community High has been away from school halls for 57 years. But that doesn’t mean it’s been away.
Dedicated during homecoming festivities, donated by the class: two benches (one in memory of classmate Jan Potts Morris, who died in a house fire in February) that now sit near the school doors, and a stone with a great inscription:
“NCHS. The Class of ‘67 Still Rocks,” the stone reads.
The Normal Community High School Class of 1967 recently proved it "still rocks!" with a donation of a rock plaque and two benches near the entrance of the school.
— Any Old Road.
It’s a street in Door County, Wisconsin.
Julie Kubsch spotted this "Any Old Road" in Door County, Wisconsin.
As the 2024 Democratic National Convention in Chicago ended without major violence and mass arrests, the country was reminded of the 10,000 in 1968 who violently rioted in Chicago and made worldwide news, in opposition to the Vietnam War.
That protest required 6,000 men from the Illinois National Guard to help quell the violence, and the leadership of the man in 1968 who headed the Illinois Guard, as Brigadier General.
It was R.T. Dunn of Bloomington, a by-day attorney at the Dunn Law Firm along Main Street in Bloomington, a lifelong military man, and by night during that August in 1968, fully in charge of trying to restore order in America.
“My father,” says Mark Dunn, another B-N lawyer, now retired, of his dad who passed at 100 in 2019, “was a person who somehow became focused and made excellent decisions when tensions were highest. It was a real gift. He would not allow the National Guard soldiers to carry ammunition. But they did have sheathed bayonets. I can tell you the Chicago mayor in 1968, Richard Daley, was very thankful that my father was there, and he told him so.”
Today, in south Bloomington, just off Veterans Parkway near Main, as a quiet tribute is a street: R.T. Dunn Drive.
A job well Dunn, obviously.
Flick 
Got an item for Lite? Send to bflick@pantagraph.com, or the Bill Flick page on Facebook.
Our latest board of contributors: Amy Coffman, Dan Brady, Julie Kubsch, Vicki Tilton, Joe Culpepper, Rob Carlson and Kevin Lawson, Bloomington; David Messenger, Roger Hughes and Elizabeth Galloway, Normal.
Phillip Barski, the Bison general manager and head coach, speaks about new team
Charlie and Joan Vanden Eynden, ISO Musical Director Taichi Fukumura, John Freese
Valerie Wyatt, Elaine Cousins, Cheryl Magnuson
Terry Huff, Shelleigh and Kevin Birlingmair
Michelle and Daniel Grieco, Dr. Craig Cortese, Deb Grieco
ISU first lady Roos and ISU President Aondover Tarhule
Mellissa Wahl, Nancy Cremer
Jenny Jacobs, Gerry Smith, Paula and Dan Deneen
Pat Grogg, Cindy Ross-Ringer
Rachel Brandt, Nargis Khokhar
Jacobsen Woollen, associate conductor of the Illinois Symphony Orchestra, served as master of ceremonies Sept. 8 for the orchestra's gala celebrating 80 years of classical music. He gave a vocal performance alongside the orchestra musicians.
Illinois Symphony Orchestra musicians entertained the audience on Sunday, Sept. 8, with several selections including work from classical and popular musicians.
Taichi Fukumura, music director for the Illinois Symphony Orchestra, speaks Sept. 8, 2024, during the orchestra's gala celebrating 80 years of classical music. 
Joan Vanden Eynden, who was honored Sunday, Sept. 8 for her long-time support of the Illinois Symphony Orchestra, shows her golden baton award to  Taichi Fukumura, the new music director of the ISO, and ISO Lifetime member John Freese.
ISO Guild president Cathy Wentworth, Dennis Wentworth
ISO Musical Director Taichi Fukumura, Debra and Daniel Brownstone
Bob Dobski, IWU President Sheahon J. Zenger, Marlene Deitz
John and Jan Wohlwend
Bill Flick is at bflick@pantagraph.com. 
Get opinion pieces, letters and editorials sent directly to your inbox weekly!
FLICK LITE: Our latest listings, as offered by the readers and your own resident Lite Boy...
These days, a full-page wedding announcement is quite unusual indeed — but that's what appeared in last Sunday's edition of The Pantagraph. Co…
FLICK LITE: Our latest listings, as offered by the readers and your own resident Lite Boy...
Pantagraph columnist Bill Flick's recent visit to New York City offered plenty of fodder for comparison with Bloomington-Normal. 
Rogers Freedlund was on the phone the other day when his wife, Marilyn, came home from an afternoon bridge game. Pausing from the call, he ask…
FLICK LITE: Our latest listings, as offered by the readers and your own resident Lite Boy...
Looking for Bill Flick's column? Never fear, he's just on vacation. Flick's column will return in next Sunday's edition of The Pantagraph. 
A joke — and maybe not a joke — repeated just about now in a presidential election year is, “If (fill-in-the-blank) wins, we’re moving to Canada!” 
FLICK LITE: Our latest listings, as offered by the readers and your own resident Lite Boy...
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Sign up with
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Sign in with
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.