Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
 Britain’s favourite armchair critics are back for a new series of Gogglebox, with Channel 4 announcing that the show will be returning to our screens in September. The first new episode will be shown on Friday 13 September, with many of the telly watching favourites returning to their sofas to share their opinions on the best and worst dramas, thrillers, reality series, soaps and movies each week. 
 The current cast includes fan favourites Jenny and Lee, siblings Pete and Sophie, sisters Ellie and Izzi, the Malone family, Welsh couple Dave and Shirley, Giles and Mary and married couple Theresa and Anita, who joined the show last year. However, Stephen Webb, who left the series in 2023 and is currently on Celebs Go Dating, has confirmed he won’t be making a return to the show. He told the Mirror: "I thought, 'I just can’t go back, I’m sick of it.’ I was churning out the same old s***. I’d say to the guys, 'Sorry, you’ll have heard this 10 times before.'" 
Sign up to OK!'s TV newsletter to get updates sent to your inbox for free
Recently, beloved Gogglebox couple Dave and Shirley shared a rare insight into their family life, posting a photo of their daughter Gemma, who doesn’t appear on the hit series. Wearing a green dress and matching hat, she was seen smiling alongside a pal. The caption read: "Have a lovely day, our daughter Gemma and her friend don't get too drunk," with three laughing emojis. As well as 37-year-old daughter Gemma, Dave and Shirley also have a son, Simon, who is 45, and a pet bulldog named Blue. When they are not filming Gogglebox, which they joined in 2015, Dave works as a factory cleaner and Shirley works in a charity shop. 
They also shared videos of son Simon in May, after he took part in the Newport Marathon. The first showed him at the starting line as he ran past his family and fellow supporters. Dave can be heard cheering him on, shouting "Go on Si!"
Dave and Shirley wrote on the post: "Our son Simon running in the Newport marathon, go son," before pointing out that he was wearing a black outfit and baseball cap in case viewers couldn't identify him. The second video showed him at the end of the marathon as he crossed the finish line. "Well done son," Dave and Shirley wrote, revealing that Simon completed the tough marathon in 3 hours and 46 minutes. "Massively proud, get in there xxx," they added.