By
Chris Piner
Having released five studio albums and sold over 80 million records worldwide, Post Malone proved himself to the music industry. With his fanbase continuing to grow, the singer released hit songs like “Circles”, “Sunflower”, and “White Iverson.” But besides exploring the worlds of hip hop and trap, the singer prepares for his entrance into country music with his debut country album F-1 Trillion. And with the album hitting shelves on Friday, it seems it has already passed Certified Gold before its release. 
According to Chart Data, Malone’s new album already moved more than 500,000 units. The Recording Industry Association of America states an album needs to move over 500,000 units for gold status. For an album to reach Platinum, 1 million units need moved. With Malone already gaining praise from his country album, F-1 Trillion could easily set some records as it climbs to the top of the charts. 
[RELATED: Post Malone Has Never Actually Met Beyoncé, Details “Terrifying” Collab Process for ‘Cowboy Carter’] 
Besides featuring Malone, F-1 Trillion comes packed with numerous collaborations with stars like Morgan Wallen, Hank Williams Jr. Chris Stapleton, Sierra Ferrell, Hardy, and several others. Discussing his time with Malone, Hardy said the singer loved to work in the evening, not ending until the next morning. “That’s what I love about what he did. Other than the time frame, like instead of starting at 11 we started at night, but he came to Nashville and he sat and he listened. He didn’t… and I don’t mean that like, he is a great writer, great writer, and he can write country lyrics, everything about it, but what I mean is he came to Nashville and said, ‘I wanna do this the way you guys do it.’”
Embracing the rich history of country music, Hardy insisted, “He immersed himself into the songwriting culture of the town, and I respect that a lot. He didn’t care about who anybody was, he just wanted to get the best song, and so he pulled in the best people for that job and made a great record because of it.”
(Photo by Jamie McCarthy/Getty Images for TSX Entertainment)
Only members can comment. Become a member. Already a member? Log in.
The Shocking Story of How Ozzy Osbourne Cheated Death in 2003
4 Songs with the Most Iconic Intros in Country Music
Watch Aerosmith’s Steven Tyler and Joe Perry Perform Together for the First Time in Two Years

			© 2025 American Songwriter			American Songwriter: a Savage Ventures Brand