If you've paid any attention at all to modern country music in 2024, you know the impact Post Malone has made on the genre.
He understood the assignment: Posty came to Nashville, put his feet on the ground and got extremely involved in the country music scene.
Malone called on a bunch of established stars for his debut country project, F-1 Trillion, which came out in August and has yielded a few radio hits already.
He isn't faking it till he makes it. Several country artists have gone on record to say that the "I Had Some Help" singer knows his country music history more than any outsider they've ever encountered before.
So, what does Posty think is the best country song of all time?
Related: 38 Country Songs Any Fan Should Know by Heart
Joe Nichols was a recent guest on the Big D and Bubba radio show, where he told an interesting (and hilarious) story about Austin "Post" Malone.
"I was in my hotel fan, ironing my clothes, and they said, 'A weird thing happened, Post Malone is trying to get a hold of you,'" the "Sunny and 75" singer recalls.
"'He wants you to do a show with him,'" his people relayed to him. "I'm like, 'I dunno if you're talking to the right guy.'"
Nichols was sure that Malone couldn't have been looking to play a show with him. But that's what his team kept telling him.
"His people kept pursuing and reaching out like, 'We really wanna get you on a show, and Post is a really big fan,'" the country star explains.
Sure enough: "I met him for his album release party, and that dude is a real fan," Nichols insists. "Huge fan. It was really crazy, a huge star like him was super excited for a guy like me to be on stage with him."
Nichols recalls that he started singing "Brokenheartsville" — his 2002 No. 1 hit — and, "you would have thought I started singing something really classic, it was just really unique and genuine. He told me, 'I think this is the greatest country song ever written,'" he says of what Post told him.
He thanked Malone over and over for such a compliment, noting to the radio show: "For a guy that's probably seen a lot of music, that's a very high praise."
Written by Donny Kees, Blake Mevis, Randy Boudreaux and Clint Daniels, "Brokenheartsville" appears on Nichols' Man With a Memory album.
Gallery Credit: Billy Dukes
Gallery Credit: Billy Dukes
Gallery Credit: Billy Dukes