Manage your account
The foot injury that has sidelined Miami Heat guard Tyler Herro for nine games appears likely to sideline him for at least four more.
Herro did not travel with the team to Detroit on Thursday for the start of the Heat’s four-game trip, putting his availability for the next four games very much in question unless he re-joins the Heat at some point during the trip.
The Heat has offered no timetable for Herro.
Along with the right foot medial tendinitis that’s currently keeping Herro sidelined, he also has dealt with a hyperextended left knee during this stretch of absences that he has since recovered from.
When asked before Wednesday night’s 100-88 home loss to the Nuggets whether Herro is making progress in his recovery, Heat coach Erik Spoelstra did not offer many details.
“He’s making progress,” Spoelstra said. “I don’t have any more for you. But he’s doing everything he needs to do.”
Meanwhile, Heat backup center Kevin Love also did not accompany the team to Detroit on Thursday for the start of a four-game trip that begins with back-to-back matchups against the Pistons on Friday (7 p.m., Bally Sports Sun) and Sunday.
Amid four-game skid, Heat looking to ‘figure it out’ and rediscover winning formula
Love has missed the past seven games with a right heel bruise.
Along with missing Herro and Love and Friday against the Pistons, the Heat also will be without Josh Richardson (season-ending shoulder surgery), Jamal Cain (G League) and Alondes Williams (G League).
Also for the Heat, Bam Adebayo is listed as probable to play on Friday while dealing with a lower back contusion. Caleb Martin is expected to be available despite a sprained left thumb.
The result was a loss, but Adebayo turned in an impressive defensive effort against Nuggets two-time MVP center Nikola Jokic on Wednesday.
Adebayo, who is known as one of the NBA’s top defenders, helped to limit Jokic to just 12 points on 5-of-8 shooting from the field and 2-of-3 shooting from the foul line and six assists in 38 minutes. It marked the fewest points and fewest field-goal attempts Jokic has recorded in game since totaling four points on three field-goal attempts in a Jan. 7 win over the Pistons.
With Adebayo making things tough for Jokic in the post and also effectively defending most of the Nuggets’ pick-and-rolls, Jokic only was able to generate one shot from within the restricted area for himself. Jokic averages 5.9 such shots per game this season.
“Nobody will go toe-to-toe minute for minute against Jokic other than Bam,” Spoelstra said following Wednesday’s loss. “Bam signs up for that and he’ll put himself out there and be vulnerable to the competition. That’s the competitor of all competitors. That just sets the tone. But it is difficult. 
“But that’s why Bam is Bam. That’s why I always say year after year, he should be in the consideration for Defensive Player of the Year because he can do things and will put himself out there and try to do things that the majority of the league won’t because it’s easier just to not do it.”
While Jokic found success against Adebayo to average 30.2 points per game on 58.3 percent shooting from the field in last season’s NBA Finals matchup against the Heat, Jokic has been limited to just 15 points per game on 47.8 percent shooting from the field in two games against the Heat this regular season. But Denver still found a way to win both matchups against Miami this regular season.
“He’s a terrific defender,” Nuggets coach Michael Malone said Wednesday of Adebayo. “Athletic, physical, smart, does a really good job of not getting screened. One of the best ways to stop a great player in not let him get the ball, and I think Bam’s post defense is just outstanding.”
On its way to scoring just 88 points in Wednesday’s home loss to the Nuggets, the Heat shot just 5 of 21 (23.8 percent) from three-point range in the game.
The Heat set a new season-low with those five three-point makes and matched a season-low with those 21 three-point attempts against a Nuggets team that is among the NBA’s best at limiting three-point opportunities. The Nuggets are allowing 31.2 three-point attempts per game this season, which is the second-fewest in the NBA.
“That is what they do,” Spoelstra said of the Nuggets. “To me, it felt like we passed up some open threes. I don’t think it would have been 43 attempts. But certainly, it should have been 10, 12 more. We passed up open ones and then drove it in to their size. If you pass up some open ones, you’re not going to get a better one. And there were definitely probably a half dozen of those where we end up getting a worse shot by passing up one.
“I said that when we played them in Denver, they’re one of the more underrated defensive teams. Since All-Star break, they’ve kind of turned it on on that side of the floor. So we couldn’t get into our normal rhythm. But we certainly needed to take a few more.”