Post Malone, Beyoncé and Shaboozey
The nominees for the 67th Annual Grammy Awards were announced this morning (Nov. 8), with Beyoncé (11), Charli xcx (7), Billie Eilish (7), Kendrick Lamar (7), Post Malone (7), Sabrina Carpenter (6), Chappell Roan (6), Taylor Swift (6) and Shaboozey leading the pack.
With their respective country albums, Beyoncé and Post also led the country categories, with the former earning a nod for Best Country Solo Performance (“16 Carriages”), Best Country Duo/Group Performance (“II Most Wanted” with Miley Cyrus), Best Country Song (“Texas Hold ‘Em”) and Best Country Album (Cowboy Carter), and the latter represented in Best Country Duo/Group Performance (“I Had Some Help” with Morgan Wallen), Best Country Song (“I Had Some Help”) and Best Country Album (F-1 Trillion).
Beyoncé also garnered nods in other genres, as well as the general field Song of the Year and Record of the Year with “Texas Hold ‘Em,” and Cowboy Carter in Album of the Year. With this group of nominations, the artist became the most-nominated artist in Grammy history with 99 total nods.
Shaboozey racked up six nods, including the only country representation in the general field category of Best New Artist. His “A Bar Song (Tipsy)” was nominated for the general field Song of the Year as well as Best Country Song, Best Country Solo Performance and Best Remixed Recording. His collaboration with Beyoncé “Spaghettii,” which also features Linda Martell, was nominated for Best Melodic Rap Performance.
Kacey Musgraves garnered nominations in the Best County Song and Solo Performance with “The Architect,” and her Deeper Well album appeared in Best Country Album, as well as nods in Best Engineered Album, Non-Classical and Best Americana Performance (“Don’t Do Me Good” with Madi Diaz). Lainey Wilson’s Whirlwind was recognized in Best Country Album, and Jelly Roll‘s “I Am Not Okay” received Best Country Song and Solo Performance nods.
Chris Stapleton‘s Higher appeared in Best Country Album and “It Takes A Woman” in Country Solo Performance. Also included in the Best Country Duo/Group Performance are Kelsea Ballerini with Noah Kahan (“Cowboys Cry Too”), Brothers Osborne (“Break Mine”) and Dan + Shay (“Bigger Houses”).
In the Songwriter of the Year, Non-Classical category, two Nashville writers prevailed with Jessi Alexander and Jessie Jo Dillon being included. Ian Fitchuk was nominated for Producer of the Year, Non-Classical. The country mega-soundtrack for Twisters garnered some nods, with Best Compilation Soundtrack For Visual Media and Best Song Written for Visual Media (“Ain’t No Love In Oklahoma”).
Notably absent from the country categories this year were Cody Johnson, who was a top nominee for the CMA Awards later this month, as well as Megan Moroney. Luke Combs was only nominated for his song on the Twisters soundtrack, “Ain’t No Love In Oklahoma.” Other than his nods with Post Malone, 2024 CMA Award nominee leader Morgan Wallen also did not receive any nominations.