By
Erinn Callahan
Post Malone is fully in his country area, and the “Sunflowers” singer has enlisted the help of the genre’s heaviest hitters. In May, he and fellow hitmaker Morgan Wallen dropped their duet “I Had Some Help,” off Malone’s forthcoming sixth studio album F-1 Trillion. Then, the rapper teamed up with Blake Shelton for their rousing collab “Pour Me a Drink.” Recently, Malone teased an upcoming project with Chris Stapleton. As the hip-hop star turned country singer makes the rounds in Nashville, Jason Aldean is hopeful he’s next.
[RELATED: Watch Post Malone and Lainey Wilson Sing “I Had Some Help” at the Bluebird Cafe]
Jason Aldean has been a Post Malone fan long before the “I Had Some Help” singer became country chart competition. The “Big Green Tractor” singer hinted at a desire to collaborate with Malone all the way back in 2020.
“Don’t tease me with a good time,” Aldean joked to E! News. “I’m down!”
Aldean reiterated that desire during a recent interview with Audacy. “I think you can go back and look at interviews I’ve done for years sayin’ that I’d love to do something with him,” said the 15-time ACM Award winner. “I kind of compare him to Kid Rock in the sense of, he came from more of that pop world and I think he’s authentic to country.”
Post Malone is just the latest in a long line of pop artists looking to jump ship to Nashville. Beyoncé, Lana Del Rey and Ed Sheeran have either released country material or expressed their desire to do so. However, Jason Aldean thinks Malone is more than just a bandwagoner.
“I think country music fans see that and they understand that he actually is a fan and he does love this genre and I think they’ll accept him for that,” he told Audacy. “I think they’re already doin’ that. What he’s doin’ with bein’ involved in Nashville and the community and the music and everything here — I think Nashville will definitely accept him with open arms.”
F-1 Trillion, Post Malone’s highly-anticipated country debut, will drop Aug. 16. Shortly after, the “White Iversen” singer kicks off the F-1 Trillion Tour.
The 21-show outing begins Sept 8 in Salt Lake City, wrapping up Oct. 19 in Nashville.
Featured image by Rick Kern/Getty Images for iHeartRadio
Only members can comment. Become a member. Already a member? Log in.
The Shocking Story of How Ozzy Osbourne Cheated Death in 2003
4 Songs with the Most Iconic Intros in Country Music
Watch Aerosmith’s Steven Tyler and Joe Perry Perform Together for the First Time in Two Years

			© 2025 American Songwriter			American Songwriter: a Savage Ventures Brand