Sign up for your daily dose of dope.
April 7 2024, Published 11:30 a.m. ET
Former CNN host Don Lemon tied the knot with Tim Malone on Saturday, April 6. However, his former morning show co-host, Kaitlan Collins, was busy attending another wedding in New York City on the same day, RadarOnline.com has learned.
Don Lemon tied the knot with Tim Malone.
Instead of congratulating her ex-co-host, Collins posted several photos from another lavish wedding at the Roundhouse in NYC.
Lemon and Malone, who wore matching tuxes for the ceremony, were surrounded by family and friends, with an extensive star-studded guest list, including Alec and Hilaria Baldwin, Real Housewives of New York City’s Luann de Lesseps, legendary music producer Clive Davis, Sex and the City creator Darren Star, Modern Family’s Steve Levitan and The View's Joy Behar and Sunny Hostin.
Other guests included Sara Haines, Ana Navarro-Cárdenas, Tamron Hall and Matt Lauer with girlfriend Shamin Abas. Lemon's former CNN colleagues, including Dana Bash, Erin Burnett and Kate Bolduan, were also present for the nuptials.
Kaitlan Collins attended a different wedding in NYC.
Lemon and Collins have reportedly had a contentious relationship ever since they both hosted CNN This Morning with Poppy Harlow.
RadarOnline.com was told Lemon blew up on CNN staffers after the company newsletter featured a story about his altercation with Collins.
"Don lost his mind internally and went ballistic at staffers after the CNN newsletter highlighted a story about him screaming," a well-placed insider spilled on Friday.
The newsletter obtained by RadarOnline.com linked to a New York Post article reading, "Tensions on the set of 'CNN This Morning' have recently boiled over."
Lemon and Malone brought their dogs to the wedding ceremony.
Lemon was eventually fired from CNN after being accused of "sexist" and "misogynistic" behavior. However, Malone stuck by him.
"Don and Tim have built a life together that has seen them through thick and thin," a source said of the soon-to-be newlyweds late last year.
"Tim has been Don's rock, especially during the past year," the insider continued. "Their wedding is not just a celebration of love but a testament to the strength of their bond!"
Daily updates from the heart of Hollywood, right to your inbox
By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you’re agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
Management cut Lemon a staggering $24 million check after he was fired from the network in April 2023.
Lemon got kicked off of the network last spring amid falling ratings and mounting controversy, including when he suggested women are considered past their prime once they turn 50 while reported on then-GOP presidential candidate Nikki Haley.
The separation deal reportedly signed by Lemon included the complete payout from his contract.
Email us at tips@radaronline.com
It's all over all right. On May 14, just one day before news broke that Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez are allegedly headed toward a divorce, the singer was spotted house-hunting on her own in Beverly Hills, RadarOnline.com revealed.
BY Aaron Johnson
Clint Eastwood has hit his “frankly, I don’t give a damn” moment in life!
BY Radar Staff
Tom Cruise is living up to his Top Gun image by splashing a fortune choppering his new female “best pal” around Britain – after he “fell in love” with the way she's overcome her disability.
BY Aaron Tinney
More From Radar Online
Opt-out of personalized ads
© Copyright 2025 RADAR ONLINE™️. A DIVISION OF MYSTIFY ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK INC. RADAR ONLINE is a registered trademark. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy. People may receive compensation for some links to products and services. Offers may be subject to change without notice.