If you're looking to put out a monster country radio hit, you could do worse than to call on Blake Shelton for help.
Shelton once again proves this hitmaker status with a feature on "Pour Me a Drink," the newest radio single off of Post Malone's country album F-1 Trillion.
The duet has all the makings of a song of the summer: Blue-collar optimism, twangy tempo and Shelton's solid gold country vocal all work to propel Posty's song into what sounds like a sure thing on the country radio charts.
The pair first introduced their song back at CMA Fest, and they released the studio version in late June. "Pour Me a Drink" quickly made an impression on the charts. According to Luminate data compiled by Billboard, it notched 19.3 million U.S. streams and sold 17,000 units, as well as reaching 3.4 million listeners on the airwaves. It's one of multiple Post Malone songs that have performed well on the Billboard Hot Country chart, along with his Morgan Wallen team-up, "I Had Some Help."
Posty tapped multiple country A-Listers to add vocals on this album. He's also been in the studio with Chris Stapleton and Luke Combs. Those songs aren't out yet, but it's a strong possibility that the Combs duet will arrive soon — both artists have been teasing it on social media.
F-1 Trillion will arrive on Aug. 16.
Post Malone + Blake Shelton, "Pour Me a Drink" Lyrics:
Forty hours got me goin' out of my mind / Dallas dropped another game in overtime / Caught a ticket speeding down the 65 / You know where I'm goin'
Guess I really went and messed it up again / Now my baby's gonner than a Tulsa wind / Judgin' by the stone sober state I'm in / Need to crack one wide open
Chorus:
Somebody pour me a drink / Somebody bum me a smoke / I'm 'bout to get on a buzz / I'm 'bout to get on a roll / Yeah I've been breaking my back / Just keepin' up with the Joneses / Y'all know what I mean / Y'all know how it goes / When it's up on a Friday and I'm paid / Slide one over my way / I can't even think when I hear one calling my name / Somebody pour me a drink / Pour me a drink
Bourbon brown eyes trynna get me drunk / Can't stop until the bottle and the job is done / Yeah I think I mighta found my future love / (Buddy, you should probably buy her one)
Repeat Chorus x 2
Carena Liptak is an Associate Editor and staff writer at Taste of Country. She specializes in breaking country music news, interviews and lists. In particular, she’s got a soft spot for sad songs — check out her roundup of the 50 Saddest Country Songs of All Time!
Gallery Credit: Billy Dukes