TikTok loves it. Dietitians say hold up.
It has a catchy name—and it’s making waves on TikTok—but is the elemental diet for everyone?
Far from it. “The elemental diet is a medical diet protocol that’s prescribed for people with serious gastrointestinal issues that aren’t responding to other kinds of diets or treatments,” says Christine Byrne, MPH, RD, a dietitian and the owner of Ruby Oak Nutrition. “Some TikTok creators are using the elemental diet to relieve uncomfortable GI symptoms, which could be inspiring others to follow the diet,” she continues, noting that this is a huge red flag for her, since it’s a very restrictive diet and no one should be following it without the support and monitoring of a healthcare provider.
Keep reading to learn more about the elemental diet—and why healthcare professionals caution everyday people away from trying it.
Lindsay Malone, MS, RD, LD, an instructor at the department of nutrition, school of medicine at Case Western Reserve University, describes the elemental diet as a plan that leverages partially digested, liquid meal replacement formulas (with carbs, fat, protein) plan that may reduce symptoms and provide digestive ease for those dealing with gastrointestinal illness such as small intestinal bacterial overgrowth (SIBO), inflammatory bowel disease (IBD), and irritable bowel syndrome (IBS).
As Malone highlights, the formulas also supply required micronutrients (vitamins and minerals) to serve as a complete source of nutrition. Most elemental diet protocols last two to three weeks, she says.
The idea behind the elemental diet (and the source of its name), per Byrne, is that these “elements” are easier to break down and don’t make your digestive system do as much work.
Important: The elemental diet is not something you undertake on your own. “The elemental diet should be used under medical supervision with a physician, nurse practitioner, physician's assistant or registered dietitian. Individual needs should be calculated and formula should be mixed with water to supply 100 percent of calorie, protein, vitamin, and mineral needs,” says Malone, adding that no other foods or beverages should be consumed along with this program. “The whole purpose is to limit the work the digestive tract is doing and replete nutrients,” she says.
According to Malone, a typical day on the elemental diet may include 12 or more scoops of elemental diet formula mixed with plain water. Depending on individual tolerance, the formula may be sipped continuously throughout the day or divided into three-to-five small "meal" periods, she clarifies. 
Obviously, partaking in this diet can take a toll on your mental health. “Because there is so little variety in an elemental diet, it is recommended to fill your days with self-care and enjoyable activities to take your mind off of meals and snacks,” says Malone.
An elemental diet will always be recommended and administered under the supervision of healthcare professionals. If your care team thinks it might help with your specific condition, you should always discuss the pros and cons of partaking in this protocol.
That said, for those who have been advised to partake in the elemental diet by their healthcare provider, some benefits may be gleaned from the protocol. Most of the research on the elemental diet is pertaining to SIBO, IBD, and IBS. Malone shares that in her experience, the elemental diet “can help quiet down the noise of various conditions and allow for some gut healing, but if you don't treat the underlying causes of the problem, the elemental diet is just a band-aid.”
“Some older research shows that an elemental diet might be beneficial for healing small intestinal bacterial overgrowth (SIBO) if other things like an elimination diet or medication don’t work,” expands Byrne. The dietitian also points to one very small recent study, which found that an elemental diet high in amino acids (the building blocks of protein) could help with gastritis and gastroenteritis.  
Dieticians stress that the elemental diet is not necessarily a cure-all for those with digestive disorders, and it’s certainly not recommended for healthy individuals.
“There’s no research available on how the elemental diet affects healthy people without serious GI symptoms, because no healthcare provider would recommend this diet to a healthy person,” says Byrne. “It’s lacking in fibre and often high in carbohydrates, plus it’s not much fun to drink every meal,” she adds, emphasising that if someone is interested in trying the elemental diet as a weight loss trick, she’d caution against that. “Skipping real food can have big mental, emotional, and social consequences, and could lead to the development of a full-blown eating disorder,” says Byrne.
Malone further underscores that 14 days without food is a long time. “SIBO for example, is not going away with an elemental diet,” stresses Malone, adding that research shows antibiotics are the most effective way to treat SIBO along with supporting digestion. (In functional medicine, Malone shares that practitioners use something called a 5R—remove, replace, reinoculate, repair and rebalance—program to rebalance the gut.)
Most likely, no. “Most people do not need an elemental diet for good health,” Malone says.
Echoing Malone, Byrne believes that there’s no reason to try the elemental diet unless you have seriously painful GI symptoms that won’t let up. “If that’s the case, you should seek out a gastroenterologist who can help you figure out what might be causing the symptoms, and a dietitian who can guide you on an elimination diet or an elemental diet if necessary,” she says.
Perri is a New York City-born and -based writer; she holds a bachelor’s in psychology from Columbia University and is also a culinary school graduate of the plant-based Natural Gourmet Institute, which is now the Natural Gourmet Center at the Institute of Culinary Education. Her work has appeared in the New York Post, Men's Journal, Rolling Stone, Oprah Daily, Insider.com, Architectural Digest, Southern Living, and more. She's probably seen Dave Matthews Band in your hometown, and she'll never turn down a bloody mary. Learn more at VeganWhenSober.com.
The Great High-Protein Product Experiment
Can Bananas Help Lower Blood Pressure?
Tom Cruise Reveals His Mammoth Pre-Stunt Breakfast
The Science Behind Creatine and Hair loss
Surprising Link Between Dried Fruit & Longer Life
Beetroot Supplements Could Boost Your Workouts
Why Pistachios Are The Ultimate Training Snack
25 delicious breakfast smoothies 
14 High-Protein Cottage Cheese Recipes
Blueberry Lemon Drizzle Baked Oats Recipe
Why Ultra-Processed Doesn’t Always Mean Unhealthy
How Many Protein Shakes You Actually Need a Day
Men's Health, Part of the Hearst UK Wellbeing Network
We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England 112955. All rights reserved.