Yield if you’re turning right onto Cheney Drive from North College Road, stop if you’re turning left.
CURIOUS MIND COLUMNIST
Williams-Brackett
Q. I’m driving east on North College Road, past the College of Southern Idaho and toward the Expo Center. I come to the junction of North College and Cheney Drive where there is a stop sign and a yield sign on the right for motorists who are continuing east on North College. Do I have to stop and then yield to traffic on the left or is that stop sign only for people who are turning left onto Cheney Drive?
A. “The stop sign is for motorists turning left onto Cheney Drive and the yield is if you are turning right,” Lou Coronado, traffic sergeant for the Twin Falls Police Department, said. “You don’t have to make a complete stop providing there is no traffic if you’re turning right onto Cheney Drive.”
According to the Idaho Driver’s Handbook by the Idaho Transportation Department, you must yield to other drivers in the following cases:
Idaho law requires you to stop at a clearly marked stop line or before entering the crosswalk on the near side of the intersection or at the point nearest the intersecting highway before entering it.
Williams-Brackett
Q: Why does Tommy’s Express put a black glove on hitches, and why do you place a bag on my rear windshield wiper?
A: “Tommy’s Express Car Wash puts a black, latex glove on a hitch if it is greasy. We don’t want the grease to transfer to equipment and then get grease on the cars behind them in the wash,” said Veronica Duran, Tommy’s Express Management Team at the Burley Overland Avenue site. They’ve been operating since April 2022.
According to Tommy’s Express Car Wash Guest Services, “Some vehicle models are extra attracted to our wash and like to hold on and not let go. In order to protect your vehicle’s wiper and our wash, we place a biodegradable bag over your rear wiper.”
“Switching to biodegradable plastic bags helps everyone. Curious about the science behind how biodegrading works? 1.) A special additive makes the plastic film react to UV light and degrade. 2.) After exposure to light, the film attracts microbes that further degrade the film into biomass. If a plastic bag falls off a car, its direct sunlight exposure forces a microbe-rich environment, and the bag should biodegrade quickly.”
The biodegradable protective sleeve is free of charge.
Owners Trent Ferrin, right, and Johnny Miller explain the various wash options at Tommy's Express Car Wash in Burley in March 2022, shortly before the location's grand opening.
The Twin Falls owner did not comment.
There are two locations in Twin Falls and Burley. A Tommy’s Express will open soon in Jerome at 2703 S. Lincoln Ave.
Williams-Brackett
Q: “If someone is under a protection order, will that show up on a background check for employment?”
A: “If someone is currently under the protection of CPOR (Civil Protection Order) that information will show up on a driver’s license check or criminal history check whether they are the petitioner (person who sought the protection order) or the respondent (subject of the protection order),” Twin Falls County Sheriff’s Sgt. Ken Mencl.
“One of the main stipulations when it comes to a CPOR is that the respondent cannot possess firearms or ammunition. If the person’s job requires them to be armed such as the case of a law enforcement officer or an armed carrier, in that case it would be difficult to retain their employment, unless the employer works at keeping that person until the case has been adjudicated,” Mencl said.
“Being under the stipulation of a CPOR doesn’t necessarily mean someone has been charged with a crime, it means that until a judge decides differently, the respondent cannot be near the petitioner,” he said. “This could create problems if both people worked for the same employer, go to the same church, etc.”
The Twin Falls County Sheriff’s Office maintain these orders and the records.
“Protection orders are sealed cases,” sheriff’s office spokesperson Lori Stewart said. “The average person cannot see them on iCourts, the Idaho Repository.
“I know they will come up on a check if someone is attempting to buy a gun,” Stewart said. “So the question is, what kind of access the people who run the background check for employment has — and I don’t have that answer.
“The person who has an order against them is not allowed to have a gun in their possession. As far as employment, there is nothing in the statute, but certainly with Idaho being a ‘work at will’ employment state — I guess an employer could see or use that as an issue if they do choose.” This means there is no set length for an employment relationship and either the employer or the employee may end it at any time, with or without notice; with or without cause.
“I don’t know what kind of access is granted and to whom,” Stewart said.
Any violation of the civil protection order is a misdemeanor and will result in a criminal prosecution.
Williams-Brackett
Q: “Is the town pronounced Shoshone or like Shoshoni?”
A: “Shoshone” is the nation. “Shoshoni” refers to the people and the language. Just as “America” is the nation and “Americans” are the people.
Lyrics to Shoshone schools' fight song are displayed on a flag in the school. Although Shoshone’s fight song, written in 1938, uses artistic license with "Shoshoni," the town and the school are pronounced "Shoshone."
“The fight song does say Shoshoni and it is pronounced that way in the song,” Shoshone Middle-High School Principal Kelly Chapman said. “That is the only time that I am aware that we are referred to as Shoshoni.”
Music instructor F.J. Haruda wrote the school song in December 1938.
“Our town is pronounced Shoshone,” Connie Taylor, secretary and treasurer of the Lincoln County Historical Society. “Shoshone is one of oldest towns in the Magic Valley located on the Oregon Short Line Railroad.
“In 1881, it was a little settlement on Little Wood River called ‘Naples’ and ‘Junction City.’ Before that it was called ‘Big Bottoms’ by cowboys who drove their cattle from the Wood River country to the Snake River plains. The name of this little oasis in the desert was changed to ‘Shoshone’ from the Indian word meaning ‘Great Spirit,’” Taylor said.
The film and production crew for “Newe, The Shoshone People,” shot scenes the weekend of Feb. 2-4 in Ruby Valley, Spring Creek and Elko.
“In the 1870s, the Shoshoni and Bannock Indian tribes roamed the central Snake River area and north of the foothills on the Camas Prairie,” she said. “In the summer they dug camas roots on the prairie and fished for salmon along the Snake River.
“Back in the 1880s cowboys who drove their stock from Wood River country to Snake River plains for winter feed passed through Shoshone,” Taylor said. “They called Shoshone town site, ‘Big Bottoms.’ It was an expanse of sagebrush at that time, but the next spring when they took their cattle back, the cowboys found the entire area covered in water. It was overflow of Little Wood River as there had been deep snow in the mountains that winter. This is why they call our area ‘Big Bottoms.’ Or some refer to it as ‘Big Flats.’
“Then as construction camps were built alongside the new rail tracks it was called ‘Naples.’ Soon thereafter it was called Junction City. Early 1883 it was named Shoshone.”
Williams-Brackett
Q: Who is responsible for mowing or burning the weeds in a right of way?
A: “In Twin Falls County we have highway districts that maintain a certain amount of right of way on roadsides,” said Kali Sherrill, superintendent of Twin Falls County Noxious Weed Control. “However, property owners own to the middle of the road. The noxious weed law states that noxious weed control is the property owner’s responsibility. With that being said it definitely depends on where it is.”
According to Twin Falls city code 7-5-2, every owner, tenant or occupant of private property within the city shall cut and remove the weeds and grass and clean and remove rubbish as often as necessary to keep the property neat, and to prevent weeds from seeding on said private property to the center of any street or alley along or in front of such property, including the parking within and the curbing abutting such property.
The right of way extends at least 8 feet from the edge of shoulder or pavement.
The penalty is $100 for the first violation, $200 for the second violation, and $300 for the third.
“Property owners are responsible for mowing the weeds within their property lines. The highway district does not burn weeds,” said Travis Brewer with the Filer Highway District.
The Twin Falls Highway District mows the edge of the roadway about 5 feet of the borrow pit and around the intersections, "then we spray for broadleaf weed control,” said Kenny Spencer, director of the district.
“The Buhl Highway District is responsible for maintaining the district’s rights of way, including mowing, spraying for weed control, and cleanup of large debris,” said Hailey Sears, district clerk for the Buhl Highway District. “A property owner may request to have a no-spray zone of their property from the district but will then become liable for the maintenance of their section of the district’s right of way. Maintenance on any private irrigation ditches in the district’s right of way will fall on the property owner.”
There are several methods of vegetation control, including mowing, herbicides, weed-whacking, hand removal, and controlled burns. Even goats have been used along 3700 North to reduce brush.
Williams-Brackett
Q: Gooding County had a project to build wind breaks on Idaho Highway 46. I've heard that farmers in Iowa are paid by the state to leave a few rows of corn next to highways for wind breaks. Has Twin Falls County considered doing anything like this for Highway 93 between Twin Falls and Hollister? The drifting snow can get pretty dangerous even with the snow plows running non-stop.
 A: “The Idaho Transportation Department uses various techniques along different stretches of highway to minimize drifting,” said Jesse Gwin, former spokesman for the Idaho Transportation Department.
“ITD can utilize temporary and permanent snow fencing. However, these are normally set up before winter. ITD will also use a technique of snow trenching that creates a natural drift barrier. These are a few more common techniques, but there are other options. But ITD also has to factor in resources and money to determine what option to use. We do not currently utilize corn rows due to how crops are grown in Idaho. 
“However, one vital aspect for these techniques to successfully block snow drifts is that ITD needs enough access to right-of-way,” Gwin said. “When placing a snow fence it has to be calculated correctly otherwise the drifts will pile back on the roadway. 
“And, when considering the U.S. 93 stretch between Twin Falls and Hollister the right-of-way is narrow. So, the maintenance sheds work around the clock during storms to maintain these areas,” Gwin said.
“I have been with the Gooding Soil Conservation District for 20 years and they probably have had the Trees Against the Wind Project around 1986,” said Barbara Messick, administrative assistant for the Gooding Soil Conservation District. “We started this project because of drifting snow that caused many accidents and deaths on the road, and especially the death of Jim Hollifield.
“I believe it all started working with Harold Wartluft and Joe Pavkov for the first few windbreaks then Faulkner Land and Livestock because they had sheep. Mike, John and Jay Faulkner also have land along Highway 46 so we've worked with them for a Trees Against the Wind project,” Messick said.
“Because I work in the Wood River Soil and Water Conservation District in Shoshone, we also established a windbreak/screen on Highway 75 with Mark Kerner of Bootjack Dairy. So, we continue to try. 
“Today, we have had trouble getting anyone else to buy in because they either graze or can't get water to them. It was and still is a great project," she said.
"In Wyoming ranchers and land owners are paid to plant trees and grasses along roads for wind breaks… they call it a ‘living snow fence.’"
Williams-Brackett
Q: How come Twin Falls County has such an unfriendly street numbering system? All I find are north and east streets, with north streets starting at the south end of the county near Jackpot, Nevada. Where are the west and south streets? I suppose whoever started the street number system is long dead, but county could rectify the situation. Maybe everything west of Blue Lakes Blvd. could be west and all south of Addison could be south?
A: “Thank you for bringing up your concerns about the street numbering system in the city of Twin Falls and Twin Falls County,” said Matthew Long, a Twin Falls city building official. “It’s understandable that a seemingly one-sided orientation can be confusing for residents and visitors alike. While I don’t have specific information on the history of the street numbering system in Twin Falls County, it’s not uncommon for such systems to be established based on historical development patterns or other local considerations.
“If you’re looking for a resolution or further information on this matter, I recommend reaching out directly to the Twin Falls County Planning and Zoning Department or the County Clerk’s Office. They would likely have more insight into the history of the street numbering system and whether any adjustments or improvements are being considered,” Long said.
“The addressing system in place is typically designed as a grid to enhance emergency response capabilities,” he said.
Laura Wilson, a planner with the Twin Falls County Community Development Services, provided documents explaining the process. According to the Twin Falls County addressing standards, Twin Falls County rural addressing originates from the southwest corner of Twin Falls County, the grid system extends north and east with road numbers increasing by 100 for each mile away from the origin.
The Twin Falls County Board of County Commissioners adopted the grid address system, an ordinance that was approved in 1992.
Your story lives in the Magic Valley, and our new mobile app is designed to make sure you don’t miss breaking news, the latest scores, the weather forecast and more. From easy navigation with the swipe of a finger to personalized content based on your preferences to customized text sizes, the Times-News app is built for you and your life. Don’t have the app? Download it today from the Apple App Store or Google Play Store.
Q: I have seen a string of lights in the sky. What is it?
A: “It is almost certainly a set of recently launched Starlink satellites,” said Chris Anderson, coordinator for the Centennial Observatory at the Herrett Center for Arts & Science at the College of Southern Idaho. “The easiest way to confirm this is by visiting www.heavens-above.com and entering your location. It will tell you when satellites were/will be visible from that location, including Starlink.”
Starlink is a satellite network developed by SpaceX to provide internet to remote locations, launching since 2019.
“At this point, there are literally thousands of them in orbit. However, they are only visible in ‘trains’ shortly after they launch. They are first placed into a low orbit in a line when they are visible. Then, they are boosted to higher orbits where they are not visible to the unaided eye (and no longer so close to one another),” Anderson said. The satellites appear as a string of pearls or a train of bright lights.
Space.com reported a Starlink satellite has a lifespan of approximately five years and SpaceX eventually hopes to have as many as 42,000 satellites in orbit. As of July 2023, there are 4,519 Starlink satellites.
Anderson said “The link provided is probably one of the better ways to know when a Starlink train is visible. But SpaceX is launching them every few weeks, so it’s not difficult to see them if you know when to look.”
Recently, Starlink G7-10 launched successfully on Jan. 14 from Vandenberg Space Force Base in California. Another launch was Jan. 15 from Florida’s Cape Canaveral Space Force Station.
According to Heavens Above, satellites are only visible when they are lit by the sun, but the observer on the ground is already in darkness. They are normally only visible a few hours after sunset, or before sunrise.
The brightness of a spacecraft is influenced by several factors, including its size, orientation, reflectivity of its surfaces, distance from the observer, and the angle between the sun, spacecraft, and observer, reported the web site.
Your story lives in the Magic Valley, and our new mobile app is designed to make sure you don’t miss breaking news, the latest scores, the weather forecast and more. From easy navigation with the swipe of a finger to personalized content based on your preferences to customized text sizes, the Times-News app is built for you and your life. Don’t have the app? Download it today from the Apple App Store or Google Play Store.
Williams-Brackett
Q: Where was the cemetery near Salmon Dam, and how many were buried before they were moved to Twin Falls?
A: “Other than the two burials at Gray’s Landing, I do not know of a cemetery at Salmon Dam,” said Karen Quinton, local author and historian.
“Thomas McBeth Gray and Mae Gray Wilson were both buried at the home place and moved at the time of the filling of the backwaters. They are buried in the Twin Falls Cemetery and have a marker indicating their place of burial.”
Gray’s Landing is located 10.3 miles south of Rogerson, off of U.S. Highway 93 on Salmon Falls Creek Reservoir.
Thomas MacBeth Gray was born about 1832 in Shelby County, Tennessee, and died June 15, 1900.
Gray arrived in Washington Territory in the late 1850s. He married Susan Adams in 1864, and they had 12 children. The Gray’s moved to Marsh Basin (Albion) around 1875 or 1876.
According to Life in the Saddle on the South Idaho Desert compiled and edited by Karen Quinton, Gray “was the first assessor of Cassia County and remained in the area until 1889, when he moved to Rock Creek.”
Thomas Gray “died at the ranch and was buried there. When the Salmon Dam was built his grave was moved to the Twin Falls Cemetery,” wrote Quinton.
Gray died of cancer.
Twin Falls Cemetery was established in 1906.
Thomas Gray’s daughter, May Susan Gray was born in December 1885. She married William J. Wilson, in Twin Falls on Oct. 26, 1907. May died June 3, 1909, when she was 24.
According to the Twin Falls Weekly News on June 4, 1909, “Mrs. Mary [sic] Wilson died at her home five miles above the Salmon river dam site, on Thursday, June 3. Mrs. Wilson was a daughter of Mrs. Gray of Rock Creek…Temporary interment will be at the residence. Later the body will be brought to the Twin Falls cemetery.”
Salmon Dam was built in 1910 to provide water for irrigation to farms.
The Twin Falls News reported on Dec. 6, 1910, “Alex Gray returned yesterday from Salmon river, where he had been to have the remains of his father, T.M. Gray, and his sister May, removed to the Twin Falls Cemetery. T.M. Gray was buried 10 years ago on his home ranch and his daughter, later. Owing to the fact that the ranch will soon be submerged, they were removed.”
The Gray home site is under the backwater of the Salmon Dam, Quinton reported.
Your story lives in the Magic Valley, and our new mobile app is designed to make sure you don’t miss breaking news, the latest scores, the weather forecast and more. From easy navigation with the swipe of a finger to personalized content based on your preferences to customized text sizes, the Times-News app is built for you and your life. Don’t have the app? Download it today from the Apple App Store or Google Play Store.
Williams-Brackett
Q: Why is the Salmon River called that if there’s no salmon in it?
A: “The river was named for the salmon found in it,” said Ashley Haycock, Twin Falls County Historical Society museum administrator.
“The book Idaho Place Names by Lalia Boone and other sources talk about William Clark originally naming the river Lewis River in 1805 because they believed Meriweather Lewis to be the ‘first white man to visit its waters,’” Haycock said. “It was also called the ‘River of No Return’ since you could float or row downstream but not upstream but was finally named Salmon River for the bounty of salmon in the waters. Several Native American tribes lived near the river to harvest the salmon.”
“The Salmon River from the North Fork to Long Tom Bar hosts four federally listed fish species and provides designated critical habitat for Snake River sockeye and Snake River spring/summer chinook (salmon). It is a key area for the survival and recovery of federally listed salmon, steelhead, and bull trout. In terms of habitat, this reach is an important migratory route for salmon…,” the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System website says.
“At one time Idaho had some of the most abundant salmon runs but the numbers have decreased dramatically from the early days of the area. The U.S. Geological Survey cites logging, dams, overfishing, weather, pollution, and disease as the cause for decline in salmon,” Haycock said.
“The Salmon River is the longest river in the contiguous U.S. that is completely contained with the boundaries of one state,” wrote author Boone.
Your story lives in the Magic Valley, and our new mobile app is designed to make sure you don’t miss breaking news, the latest scores, the weather forecast and more. From easy navigation with the swipe of a finger to personalized content based on your preferences to customized text sizes, the Times-News app is built for you and your life. Don’t have the app? Download it today from the Apple App Store or Google Play Store.
Q: How was the Gem Prep school approved to build across from the Twin Falls Gun Club on Federation Road? I thought guns weren't allowed 1,000 feet from school property.
A: “The reality is schools are located within 1,000 feet of firearms all the time,” said Josh Palmer, spokesman for the city of Twin Falls. “The law as it was passed under the ‘Gun Free Schools Act of 1990,’ excludes the possession of firearms on private property. The Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives also has a guide to the law which can be found at atf.gov, which again specifically excludes possession of firearms on private property that is not part of the school grounds. So businesses, homeowners, etc. can have guns even while being immediately next to a school.”
According to Congress.gov, the 101st Congress summarized H.R. 3757 Gun-Free School Zones Act of 1990 – “Amends the Federal criminal code to impose criminal penalties for the possession or discharge of a firearm in a public elementary or secondary school zone, with exceptions for licensed or authorized individuals or programs.”
The ATF’s Gun Free School Zone Notice reports once a customer leaves private property located within 1,000 feet of a school with a firearm, they may be in violation of federal law. However, in the following situations an individual would not be possessing a firearm in violation of the Gun Control Act of 1968 922(q)(1):
The Twin Falls Gun Club was established in 1920.
Williams-Brackett
Your story lives in the Magic Valley, and our new mobile app is designed to make sure you don’t miss breaking news, the latest scores, the weather forecast and more. From easy navigation with the swipe of a finger to personalized content based on your preferences to customized text sizes, the Times-News app is built for you and your life. Don’t have the app? Download it today from the Apple App Store or Google Play Store.
Q: Why is gas 35 cents cheaper on average in Buhl than it is in Twin Falls?
A: “Fuel prices are always highly volatile, competitive and fluctuate geographically based on supply and demand,” said Troy Willie, with Oasis Stop ‘N Go. “Metro areas can vary from rural areas based on this demand and competitive factors.”
According to GasBuddy, as of Monday, the three gas stations with the cheapest fuel prices were all in Buhl at $3.19 a gallon. Two of the three gas stations were Oasis Stop ‘N Go. Costco, Walmart, Maverik, and the Flying J in Jerome were listed in the top 10.
“Per the AAA, the current Twin Falls unleaded average sits at $3.383 versus statewide average of $3.445. Twin Falls retail fuel prices are down about 35 cents a gallon from a month ago and 61 cents a gallon from a year ago,” said Willie.
According to AAA, the national average is $3.153. More than half of all U.S. fuel locations have gasoline below $3 per gallon. However, Idaho, along with Washington, Oregon, California, Nevada, Alaska, and Hawaii, have the highest national retail prices in the west.
The highest recorded average price for Idaho was $5.252 for regular unleaded on July 1, 2022, and $5.886 for diesel on June 26, 2022.
AAA reported recently “The main reason is a weaker cost for oil, which is struggling to stay above $70 per barrel. The falling price comes just a week after OPEC+ announced voluntary production cuts of about 2 million barrels daily.”
The corporate office of the Phillips 66 in Buhl did not respond to requests for comment.
Willie said, “We are thrilled to see fuel prices declining as that is welcome relief for all, both consumers and retailers. We are hopeful that and believe this trend will continue, at least in the short term.”
“There are 28 Oasis Stop ‘N Go locations in southern and central Idaho. In that same operating area, there are over 120 fuel retailers,” said Willie.
Williams-Brackett
Your story lives in the Magic Valley, and our new mobile app is designed to make sure you don’t miss breaking news, the latest scores, the weather forecast and more. From easy navigation with the swipe of a finger to personalized content based on your preferences to customized text sizes, the Times-News app is built for you and your life. Don’t have the app? Download it today from the Apple App Store or Google Play Store.
Q: How did Carey get its name?
A: “The first post office was operated by James Carey, one of the earliest valley settlers. It came to be known as the Carey Post Office by locals and government officials alike. As a result, as it grew, the town came to be called Carey,” according to the city of Carey’s website.
The website also reported it was founded in March 1883 by pioneers of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
James Carey was born in Delowa, Wisconsin, on April 18, 1852. He married Sarah Elizabeth Henderson of Utah about 1884 in Idaho. They were the parents of four sons and four daughters. Carey died in Carey on Sept. 26, 1909, at the age of 57. He is buried in the Carey Cemetery.
According to Find a Grave, there isn’t a marker for Carey’s grave. James’ wife Sarah purchased four plots.
According to Idaho Place Names: A Geographical Dictionary by Lalia Boone, “In the central part of the county, on the Little Wood River, 35 miles west of Craters of the Moon; an agricultural area. Town established in 1884.”
It continued, “Named for the first postmaster, James Carey.”
James Carey was born in Delowa, Wisconsin, on April 18, 1852. He married Sarah Elizabeth Henderson of Utah about 1884 in Idaho. They were the parents of four sons and four daughters. Carey died in Carey on Sept. 26, 1909, at the age of 57.
“James Carey played the violin and was on his way to San Francisco to play in an orchestra. He was also looking for an older brother that had left home five years earlier. He married and ran a farm; the farming ruined his hands, and he couldn’t play the violin anymore,” reported the memorial on Find A Grave.
It continued, “He worked as a freighter and was one of the first of several settlers that came into the Little Wood River Valley, he is known for having the first Post Office appointed U.S. Postmaster 9 May 1884 and the town derives its name from him.”
“The first Post Office and the first schoolhouse in the Little Wood River Valley were situated on James Carey’s land,” according to the memorial.
“Water rights in the Little Wood River were in his name 15 May 1884, he received a U.S. Land Patent for 160 acres 12 April 1891. ‘James would have taken up more ground, but he kept expecting to go on to California.’”
Williams-Brackett
Your story lives in the Magic Valley, and our new mobile app is designed to make sure you don’t miss breaking news, the latest scores, the weather forecast and more. From easy navigation with the swipe of a finger to personalized content based on your preferences to customized text sizes, the Times-News app is built for you and your life. Don’t have the app? Download it today from the Apple App Store or Google Play Store.
Q: On Highway 93, is it illegal for a driver to speed up at a passing lane, or just idiotic?
A: The Idaho Driver’s Handbook states “Don’t speed up. Maintain a steady speed or slow down.” When another driver is passing, you must yield the right-of-way if they sound their horn. You cannot speed up until they finish passing.
“The question posed seems vague as it might be asking several different things,” said Aaron Snell, communications director for the Idaho State Police. “As such, I provided a couple of laws that could pertain to what was asked.”
According to Idaho Code 49-632 on overtaking a vehicle on the left, “(1) The driver of a vehicle overtaking another vehicle proceeding in the same direction shall pass to the left at a safe distance and shall not again drive to the right side of the roadway until safely clear of the overtaken vehicle. (2) Except when overtaking and passing on the right is permitted, the driver of an overtaken vehicle shall give way to the right in favor of the overtaking vehicle on audible signal and shall not increase the speed of his vehicle until completely passed by the overtaking vehicle.”
When another driver is passing, you must yield the right-of-way if they sound their horn. You cannot speed up until they finish passing.
Drivers must be able to pass on the left and return to the right side before coming within 200 feet of an approaching vehicle.
Idaho Code 49-654 on basic rule and maximum speed limits states:
Q: One of my adult children is mentally ill. In Idaho they can only go to ER. Is there any way to get them help?
A: “While we don’t know the circumstances of the parent who asked the question, they are not alone in seeking help for mental health in the emergency room,” said Dr. Michael Walton, medical director of behavioral health for St. Luke’s Health System.
Walton
“The term ‘mental illness’ can cover a wide range of psychological and behavioral conditions and disturbances. Going to the ER for a mental illness may be needed if a person is in crisis, but the ER is geared to handle emergencies — not provide the ongoing, structured treatment and longer-term behavioral health help that many individuals need.
“Continuity care for mental health, or regularly scheduled visits with a provider, occurs in outpatient settings across the Magic Valley, and allows for careful management of symptoms over time in an ongoing treatment plan. Ideally, this care is established before a person reaches a level of crisis,” Walton said.
“The term ‘mental illness’ can cover a wide range of psychological and behavioral conditions and disturbances. Going to the ER for a mental illness may be needed if a person is in crisis, but the ER is geared to handle emergencies — not provide the ongoing, structured treatment and longer-term behavioral health help that many individuals need.”
Michael Walton, St. Luke’s Health System medical director of behavioral health
“Unfortunately — as many who are dealing with mental health issues or have family members who are dealing with mental health issues well know — navigating mental health care can be difficult and wait times for appointments can be long.
“St. Luke’s is working to expand mental health services in the Magic Valley to improve access and shorten wait time. We are adding a new clinic on North College Road in Twin Falls that will open in January and will allow us to add 11 new providers to the community,” Walton said.
“One in five Americans suffer from a diagnosable mental disorder during any given year,” reported the World Health Organization.
Kyli Gough, community health and engagement director for St. Luke’s Magic Valley and Jerome, said there are a number of state and local resources available to help people in the Magic Valley struggling with mental health issues:
“Locally, there are numerous local partners working to make a difference when it comes to mental illness and Magic Valley residents will soon have a new resource available, the Center for Community Health. The center anticipates being operational by spring of 2024 to serve individuals facing navigation challenges similar to the question asked above,” said Gough.
Williams-Brackett
Your story lives in the Magic Valley, and our new mobile app is designed to make sure you don’t miss breaking news, the latest scores, the weather forecast and more. From easy navigation with the swipe of a finger to personalized content based on your preferences to customized text sizes, the Times-News app is built for you and your life. Don’t have the app? Download it today from the Apple App Store or Google Play Store.
Q: Could you look into why the Filer Rest Area is closed, and has been since COVID-19? And if Filer isn’t going to upkeep it anymore, can they get someone who can?
A: “The maintenance on it has been the major problem,” said Filer Mayor Bob Templeman. “The public has done nothing but destroy it. Our law enforcement was there nearly every day.”
The rest area located at 20005 U.S. Hwy. 30 is west of Filer. Approximately 9.2 acres, the facilities included restrooms and first-come, first-serve picnic pavilions.
“People were so dirty. It’s unbelievable what the maintenance crew had to clean up. They were down there constantly cleaning up, and it just got to the point where our crew were not designed to or not set up to take care of the bathrooms. It was too much. They did things that nobody in the world should do but they did,” said Templeman.
The City of Filer has closed Cedar Draw Park due to vandalism. The property will be listed for sale.
He said, “Mainly it was people that were passing through the area that used it more often and they abused it to no end. Finally, we sat down with the crew to talk about ways to fix the problem or make it user friendly. It just wasn’t possible.”
“We locked the doors,” said Templeman. “People would go in there with crowbars and pry the doors open.”
“People were so dirty. It’s unbelievable what the maintenance crew had to clean up. ... It was too much. They did things that nobody in the world should do but they did.”
Bob Templeman, Filer mayor
He said in the winter, there was no water in the toilets, but people would still use the toilet and then tear the tops of the seats off. “Or if the doors were locked, they would defecate in front of the doors. It was a constant clean up. They even smeared feces all over the walls. It was a health issue for employees. They spent 90% of their time at that park just cleaning up crap, and there’s not another word for it. We welded the doors shut, and they still tried to get in. We put up a sign for quite a while that it was closed, but people would run over it. Finally, we put up barricades.”
The Idaho Transportation Department transferred the Filer Rest Area to the city many years ago. Surveillance cameras were even considered. “It’s been a burden on the taxpayers. It’s a nice little community park. We notified the state and asked them a lot of questions about what we could do. They had no regulations,” said Templeman.
He said, “People staying overnight would leave their garbage on the ground. The maintenance crew would have to go down after they left and spend a few hours cleaning. There were garbage cans around the facility to use. They’d open the door of their camper and just dump it right out on the ground.”
“It’s a crying shame and it shouldn’t have come to that,” said Templeman. “In the last three to four years, it got crazy. Officers were down there often checking out complaints and people. It was more of a nuisance. I still don’t know why people do what they do.”
Cedar Draw Park had electricity at campsites, which was turned from mid-May into October. There were seven sites available on gravel pads. A seven-day maximum stay with 14 days away, developed RV electrical sites were $12 per night with hook-up. The undeveloped sites were $8 per night with no hook-ups.
“We just had a city council meeting, and there’s a company that’s going to assess the property for commercial pricing and put it up for sale. The city council deemed it excess property. It’d be nice to be able to keep it but it’s just not possible,” said Templeman.
Williams-Brackett
Your story lives in the Magic Valley, and our new mobile app is designed to make sure you don’t miss breaking news, the latest scores, the weather forecast and more. From easy navigation with the swipe of a finger to personalized content based on your preferences to customized text sizes, the Times-News app is built for you and your life. Don’t have the app? Download it today from the Apple App Store or Google Play Store.
Q: The cost of housing is rising and RV parks are filling up. Is squatting on BLM land legal?
A: “Squatting by its very definition is unlawful,” said Heather Tiel-Nelson, public affairs specialist for the Bureau of Land Management in the Twin Falls District. “Recognizing the nature of the question, it might be helpful to share information about dispersed camping.”
“Camping on public lands away from developed recreation facilities is referred to as dispersed camping. Most of the remainder of public lands are open to dispersed camping, as long as it does not conflict with other authorized uses or in areas posted ‘closed to camping,’ or in some way adversely affects wildlife species or natural resources,” according to BLM’s website.
It continued, “Dispersed camping is generally allowed on public land for a period not to exceed 14 days within a 28 consecutive day period. Camping limitation rules vary per office, please check with your local office for details on camping limitations. In addition, campers must not leave any personal property unattended for more than 10 days (12 months in Alaska).”
‘Camping on public lands away from developed recreation facilities is referred to as dispersed camping. ... sites are located along most secondary roads and may not be marked.’
“Dispersed camp sites are located along most secondary roads and may not be marked,” reported BLM’s website. “Popular locations can be recognized by the telltale flat disturbed area that has been used as a camp site before. Not all flat spots are sites. If possible, please use existing sites to avoid creating new disturbances. To further protect your public lands, campers must not dispose of any refuse, hazardous materials, sewage, or in any manner pollute the surrounding area.”
Many people enjoy the solitude of camping away from developed campgrounds. Follow these guidelines from the BLM to ensure that these areas can be enjoyed by future generations:
Tiel-Nelson said, “These camping limitations on public lands managed by the BLM do apply to everyone,” including trappers.
“Consequences for overstaying your time on public land may lead to a Class A misdemeanor charge, which can include up to 12 months in jail and/or up to a $1,000 fine,” said Tiel-Nelson.
Williams-Brackett
Your story lives in the Magic Valley, and our new mobile app is designed to make sure you don’t miss breaking news, the latest scores, the weather forecast and more. From easy navigation with the swipe of a finger to personalized content based on your preferences to customized text sizes, the Times-News app is built for you and your life. Don’t have the app? Download it today from the Apple App Store or Google Play Store.
Q: Can electric bikes legally drive on city streets?
A: “I am not as well versed on this subject as I used to be, but I will tell you that ‘electric bikes’ are generally afforded the same rights as regular bikes,” said Sgt. Ryan Howe of the Twin Falls Police Department. “What your definition of an electric bike is may change that general answer. ITD put out a fact sheet several years ago.”
An e-bike is pedal assisted, and is permitted on trails and most secondary and tertiary streets. ... Maximum speed for e-bikes is 16 to 20 mph.
According to the Idaho Transportation Department’s Idaho Fact Sheet on Electric Bikes (E-Bikes), 15 U.S. Code 2085 defines the term “low-speed electric bicycle” as a two- or three-wheeled vehicle with fully operable pedals and an electric motor of less than 750 watts (1 horsepower) whose maximum speed on a paved level surface, when powered solely by such a motor while ridden by an operator who weighs 170 pounds, is less than 20 mph.
An e-bike is pedal assisted, and is permitted on trails and most secondary and tertiary streets. “An electric bicycle or e-bike incapable of travelling in excess of 30 mph is considered a moped and is not a ‘bicycle’ in the state of Idaho,” reported ITD. Maximum speed for e-bikes is 16 to 20 mph.
“In addition to the Idaho state statutes, federal land management agencies and local governmental entities often have other laws and regulations which prospective riders of e-bikes need to be aware,” according to the fact sheet. “For example, the USDA Forest Service often disallows the use of e-bikes on any forest trail designated as non-motorized.”
ITD warned these interpretations may or may not be the same as those of a law enforcement officer or a judge in a court of law.
Williams-Brackett
Your story lives in the Magic Valley, and our new mobile app is designed to make sure you don’t miss breaking news, the latest scores, the weather forecast and more. From easy navigation with the swipe of a finger to personalized content based on your preferences to customized text sizes, the Times-News app is built for you and your life. Don’t have the app? Download it today from the Apple App Store or Google Play Store.
Q: Are zebra and quagga mussels edible?
A: “Yes, but they are not recommended to be eaten. These mussels accumulate toxins as they filter water. These toxins can be harmful to humans, dogs, and birds,” reported the Okanagan and Similkameen Invasive Species Society’s Invasive Mussels Factsheet, which was recommended by the Idaho State Department of Agriculture.
Zebra and quagga mussels are an invasive freshwater species that live up to five years. Females can reproduce at six weeks of age, producing up to one million eggs each spawning season.
“Mixed opinions abound across the internet as I am sure you already knew before reaching out,” said Andrea Thompson, plant industries administrator for ISDA. “Reputable sources across state and international lines generally agree that quagga mussels are not recommended for human consumption due to accumulation of toxins as they filter water.”
“I would highly recommend not consuming dreissinid mussels. They are bio accumulators,” said Nic Zurfluh, bureau chief for ISDA’s Invasive Species/Noxious Weeds/Range programs.
Bioaccumulation refers to how pollutant metals enter a food chain by aquatic organisms. For an example, mercury is a well-known chemical that will bioaccumulate in humans. These chemicals will not break down or are not able to be excreted. It multiplies every time it moves up the food chain. Heavy metals affect the nervous system, liver, kidneys, circulatory system, cause reproductive problems or cancer.
According to the National Library of Medicine: National Center for Biotechnology Information, “Exposure to and bioaccumulation of various chemical pollutants is increasingly being established as a widespread determinant in the development of neurodegenerative illness such as Alzheimer’s disease.”
“The effects of zebra and quagga mussels impact everyone, from boaters to home owners. They pose a risk of environmental, economic, and recreational devastation. Hydro-electric dams have been estimated to decrease in power output by 50 percent due to mussels; your power bill could increase ~20 to 30 percent,” reported OASISS’s factsheet.
According to the factsheet, zebra and quagga mussels arrived in Michigan’s Lake St. Clair in 1988 and Lake Erie in 1989 when “Ocean vessels from Europe use ballast water to help maintain stability. When cargo is removed from the ships, they empty the ballast water to counter-balance the weight change. It is believed that ballast water from Eastern Europe was contaminated with zebra and quagga mussels, which was subsequently dumped into the freshwater of North America via the St. Lawrence Seaway.”
“Quagga mussel larvae was first detected in the Snake River near Twin Falls on September 18, 2023, by routine monitoring conducted by the ISDA,” said Sydney Kennedy, ISDA’s public information officer. “Tuesday October 3, ISDA and contractors launched a comprehensive treatment plan to eradicate quagga mussels at all stages of life.” The treatment ended Oct. 13.
Williams-Brackett
Your story lives in the Magic Valley, and our new mobile app is designed to make sure you don’t miss breaking news, the latest scores, the weather forecast and more. From easy navigation with the swipe of a finger to personalized content based on your preferences to customized text sizes, the Times-News app is built for you and your life. Don’t have the app? Download it today from the Apple App Store or Google Play Store.
Mara Reed, research and development manager at Artisan Labs in Hansen, shows how the department makes cosmetics during a demonstration on April 19, 2022.
Q: Does Artisan Labs sell cosmetics, or is it a testing facility?
A: “We do not make products to be sold by Artisan Labs directly to consumers,” said Mary Searle, communications specialist for Artisan Labs, located at 290 Highway 30 in Hansen. “We service cosmetic and personal care brands directly who sell to their customers. We develop the formulas specific to each brand.”
She added, “CEO Matt Bryant founded Artisan Labs in the summer of 2020 and opened its doors in Hansen in the fall of 2021. ... Artisan Labs sales are up about 500% over 2022.”
“Artisan Labs is a trusted name in the world of prestige beauty,” said Searle. “As a cosmetic skincare manufacturer, we specialize in turning visionary beauty brands' ideas into reality. With a wealth of experience and a commitment to quality, we pride ourselves on our ability to create luxurious and tailor made skincare products for our customers.”
“Our dedication to innovation, rigorous quality standards, and a client-centric approach make us the go-to partner for those seeking excellence in the world of beauty. At Artisan Labs, we bring cosmetics to life,” said Searle.
She said, “We do our own quality and stability testing in house. We manufacture cosmetics for prestige cosmetic brands, not direct to consumer.”
Added said Danielle Howard, Artisan Labs’ quality control manager: “In our facility, we maintain a dedicated quality laboratory where we perform batch testing on our skincare products following the formulation and batching of the skincare product. Once these products have been filled and readied for shipment, we obtain a sample for incubation and testing to ensure compliance with ISO regulations. This meticulous microbiological assessment typically finalizes within a three to five-day timeframe.” 
Williams-Brackett
Your story lives in the Magic Valley, and our new mobile app is designed to make sure you don’t miss breaking news, the latest scores, the weather forecast and more. From easy navigation with the swipe of a finger to personalized content based on your preferences to customized text sizes, the Times-News app is built for you and your life. Don’t have the app? Download it today from the Apple App Store or Google Play Store.
Q: Who is Roseworth named after?
A: According to “Idaho Place Names: A Geographical Dictionary” by Lalia Boone, Roseworth (founded in the 1890s) was named for a local resident, but offers no additional information.
“We were able to find a Rose Worthington, who married William Montgomery in 1891 (Weekly People’s Cause, Sept. 12, 1891; Red Bluff, CA),” said Jennifer Hills, reference & adult services for Twin Falls Public Library. “He may have ran livestock in that area in the 1890s, but by the time of her death in 1894, they were living in Mountain Home (Mountain Home Bulletin, April 29, 1894; Mountain Home). If the area was named for her it may have been done in memoriam; the post office was established with that name in 1896. Unfortunately, their time in this area also falls between the census schedules.”
A fire destroyed the majority of the population schedules from the 1890 census.
The name given as Roseworth was derived from Rose Ann Worthington. She was born on April 8, 1863, in Dubuque, Iowa. Rose married Will Thomas Montgomery, who was also from California. They had one child, John Worthington “J. W. or Worth” Montgomery. She died as a young mother on April 26, 1894 in Tehama, California at the age of 31. Her mother was living in Tehama, California.
Will T. Montgomery was a sheep man, and one of the first pioneers and stockholders in the newly established Cedar Creek Canal Company. He asked to have the new post office named Worthrose, but it was decided Roseworth sounded better and it was borne that name.
According to the Twin Falls Times in June 1916, Will T. Montgomery did own property in Twin Falls County near Roseworth. According to his son’s birth certificate, Will Thomas Montgomery’s occupation was a store keeper and had livestock. Rose Ann was a housewife.
According to History of Butte County, California, with Biographical Sketches by George C. Mansfield in 1918, “Then [circa 1885], in company with his brother, Will T., he went to Texas, where they bought horses and mules, which they shipped to Northern, Southern and Eastern markets. They remained there four years, after which Will T. Montgomery went to Idaho, where he now resides, at Mountain Home, and is engaged in sheep-raising and the general merchandise business.”
Roseworth is southwest of Buhl approximately 25 miles. It was originally settled as a homestead in the late 1800’s. The Roseworth Post Office operated from 1896 to 1915, then again from 1921 to 1933. Roseworth was a post office, located in the canyon of Cedar Creek at the old freight crossing known at Tuanna, and about nine miles southeast of the present site.
Williams-Brackett
Your story lives in the Magic Valley, and our new mobile app is designed to make sure you don’t miss breaking news, the latest scores, the weather forecast and more. From easy navigation with the swipe of a finger to personalized content based on your preferences to customized text sizes, the Times-News app is built for you and your life. Don’t have the app? Download it today from the Apple App Store or Google Play Store.
Q: When was the Singing Bridge replaced, and why?
A: Built in 1920, the bridge was located south of Twin Falls on Shoshone Street crossing Rock Creek Canyon. The Singing Bridge got its name because when vehicles drove over it, it sang due to the metal decking.
“The Singing Bridge was replaced in 1993 with the Old Towne Bridge,” said Megan Jahns, senior public information officer for the Idaho Transportation Department. “The original structure was narrow and was no longer capable of carrying standard highway loads safely and without experiencing damage.”
OUR VIEW: What we experienced in the waning days of September will be the norm — and sooner, not later — without a third bridge spanning the Snake River Canyon.
“The safety standards relate to load rating, or how much weight a bridge can safely carry without experiencing damage. Before its replacement, the bridge had been posted for a reduced load rating, meaning not all vehicles generally allowed on the highway could still cross it. We weren’t able to track down what the load rating was or what the load rating for the new bridge was, but in general we can confirm that the newer bridge can carry more weight than the older bridge,” said Jahns.
She added, “Scott Malone, now the engineering manager at ITD, oversaw its construction. From his memory, he remembers the job lasting about one year. The most memorable part for him was when they had to use explosives to demolish the old bridge. After several attempts to use explosives to cause the bridge to collapse under its own weight, the project team switched tactics to use a crane to pull the bridge down. He remembers the locals joking that for a bridge that needed replacing, it was awfully hard to tear down.”
The bridge replacement cost $1.6 million.
Williams-Brackett
Your story lives in the Magic Valley, and our new mobile app is designed to make sure you don’t miss breaking news, the latest scores, the weather forecast and more. From easy navigation with the swipe of a finger to personalized content based on your preferences to customized text sizes, the Times-News app is built for you and your life. Don’t have the app? Download it today from the Apple App Store or Google Play Store.
Q: What happened to the area’s sheriff’s mounted posses?
A: “My dad was part of the Twin Falls County Sheriff’s Mounted Posse in the late ’60s, early ’70s,” said Daron Brown, lieutenant for the Twin Falls County Sheriff. “The leader of the organization’s name was Dallas Mcquire. When he became elderly and couldn’t do it anymore, nobody else really wanted to take over and left the group, so it faded out.”
He added, “I don’t know if any of them still exist.”
There are still Sheriff’s Mounted Posse in the state, although not in the Magic Valley.
“Years ago, under sheriff Wayne Tousley, I tried to put it back together. I tried again under Sheriff Tom Carter later. It’s just almost impossible to find enough people that have the right kind of horse or that have horses to begin with, and the time and the effort and the money it takes to do it today, so I couldn’t get one put back together,” said Brown.
“In the early fall months of 1944, Warren W. Lowery, sheriff of Twin Falls County, began thinking about the idea of a mounted posse. He had in mind a two-fold purpose,” according to the History of the Sheriff’s Mounted Posse of Twin Falls County, Idaho.
It continued, “Most important, of course, was to provide a group of men who would be subject to instant call day or night for any emergency that might arise — such as rescue work in the South Hills in the event of a plane crash, an imperiled hunting party or lost persons.”
“The second purpose of the posse formation was to provide in some respects, some of the color of the old West to recall the days when the sheriffs of the various counties did depend on their possemen to assist them.”
It continued “A number of businessmen and farmers were approached with the idea of forming this posse and much interest was shown. A meeting was called on February 3, 1945, and a small group of men mapped out the ground work for the organization. Later, on February 12, 1945, an organizational meeting was held, and by-laws were adopted; officers elected; and membership determined. The membership consists of 50 men, over 21 years of age and the sheriff of the county, who is always a member of the organization …”
Members were asked to qualify their horses as well as their own riding ability.
“The Sheriff’s posse would go out and help with searches for lost people. The men take their horses and go in the mountains and search, but they weren’t really a search and rescue unit,” said Brown. “They rode drills at the county fair and parades. They did help with search and rescue, but they weren’t a search and rescue unit per se.”
“My dad was a member, and I had an uncle that was a member. I knew of other members, and they just got old and retired out of it or died. Nobody picked it up and ran with it or kept going with it,” said Brown.
Frontier Field — 80 acres on what is now the College of Southern Idaho campus — was the home of the Twin Falls County Sheriff’s Mounted Posse.
The posse was a member of Rodeo Cowboys Association.
According to the Idaho Secretary of State’s Office, the Sheriff’s Mounted Posse of Cassia County became inactive and/or forfeited on May 28, 1949, but continued to perform at rodeos into the 1960s.
Williams-Brackett
An aerial view of Addison Avenue West in Twin Falls shows a slight angling of the road.
Q: My curious mind wonders why most of the buildings on West Addison Avenue are turned slightly in relation to the street. West Addison Avenue seems to run true east-west, but several of the buildings on the south side lie west-southwest.
A: “The city has no official information on this question,” said Jonathan Spendlove, Twin Falls planning and zoning director.
He added, “However, from a practical standpoint, I would point out that Addison Avenue West does not run true east-west, it actually veers slightly to the northwest/southeast orientation after that west 5-Points intersection.”
“Some of the buildings along that corridor were constructed parallel to the road and other buildings were constructed in a true north – south orientation,” said Spendlove. “This would give the motorists passing by the impression that some buildings are ‘turned slightly.’”
“When viewed from above distinction is clearer. The IDA Stone Supply building was constructed with the frontage parallel to Addison Avenue West. The Intermountain Taxidermy building was constructed in the true north-south orientation,” said Spendlove.
Williams-Brackett
Williams-Brackett
Q: I watched a near-accident when an SUV drove to the right of a tractor when it was taking a wide turn. What are guidelines for driving safely around farm vehicles?
A: “It is important that farmers and ranchers follow the law for safe driving of tractors and farm implements on the road,” said Sgt. Ken Mencl with the Twin Falls Sheriff’s Office.
Idaho Code 49-619 states: “On a two-lane highway outside an urban area where passing is unsafe due to oncoming traffic or other conditions, the driver of a vehicle traveling slower than the normal speed of traffic and behind which three or more vehicles are formed in line shall turn off the roadway at the nearest place designated as a turnout or at the next available location where it is safe and reasonable for the vehicle to be pulled over in order to permit the following vehicles to pass.”
“Idaho law restricts slow-moving vehicles like tractors from using Idaho highways under certain conditions. For example, a slow-moving vehicle may not be on the highway from one-half hour after sunset to one-half hour prior to sunrise. In addition, a slow-moving vehicle may not operate on the highway in ‘such a manner as to obstruct the free movement of traffic,’” said Mencl.
He said, “In addition, all slow-moving vehicles, tractors, and farm implements are required to have affixed at the rear of the vehicle a slow-moving vehicle emblem. Farm equipment operated exclusively on non-highways are exempt from using the emblem, but it never hurts to attach the emblem to your tractor or your fertilizer spreader to warn off-highway motorists that you are driving a slow-moving vehicle. Rear-end collisions are the most common type of farm equipment vs. motor vehicle collisions.”
Drivers should yield the right-of-way to farm equipment when turning or crossing traffic. Farm vehicles often must make wide turns; therefore, they may swing wide, even crossing into the opposing traffic’s lane or into the shoulder, to turn. Observe blinkers on the tractor, hand-signals from the driver, or watch for a field entrance or farm driveway, and then wait to see if the farmer is turning before passing. Do not assume the equipment is moving over to allow you to pass but stay aware and behind the farm equipment.
When passing on the right is permitted, Idaho Code 49-633 states (1) The driver of a vehicle may overtake and pass upon the right of another vehicle only under the following conditions:
(a) When the vehicle overtaken is making or about to make a left turn.
(b) Upon a highway with unobstructed pavement of sufficient width for two or more lines of vehicles moving lawfully in the direction being traveled by the overtaking vehicle.
(2) The driver of a vehicle may overtake and pass another vehicle upon the right only under conditions permitting such movement in safety. That movement shall not be made by driving off the roadway.
“The bottom line is that as slow-moving equipment and motor vehicles share Idaho roadways, we need to be patient with each other and drive defensively and with caution. It’s not worth a life,” said Mencl.
Q: There is a new arena or venue north of Hollister. What is it?
A: “It’s a rodeo riding arena,” said Malena Juarez, owner of Arena 93.
Arena 93 LLC is an Idaho Domestic Limited-Liability Company filed on June 16, 2022. Located at 2727 State Highway 93 in Hollister, it’s 16 miles south of Twin Falls.
Juarez said they’re “working on some final details.” She said “concerts can be hosted and any organization are welcome to host any type of event.”
“I believe the property is 27 or 28 acres. We are also planning on adding a horse racetrack and RV hook ups, kind of like a fairgrounds setup,” said Juarez.
She said “We chose that location because it’s right on Highway 93 and not very far from Twin Falls within Hollister city limits.”
“We have been doing event rodeo and concerts for the past 25 years all over the state in Idaho Falls, Caldwell, Burley, and Twin Falls area and in the past 10 years found it very difficult to be able to get dates in any of the fairgrounds mentioned so we saw the opportunity to purchase this property and make our own venue,” said Juarez. “We have had two events this summer already but hope to have it completed for next summer with the horse racetrack and RV hook ups.”
On June 4, the Tribe of Mexico Banda Cuisillos was live at Arena 93. Banda Clave Nueva performed on July 23, celebrating the 25th anniversary of the LaLey Radio Fiesta and grand opening of Arena 93. Coyote and his Holy Land Band was supposed to be in concert on Aug. 6, however it was postponed due to health reasons.
Juarez lives in Jerome and is the sales executive/owner at Radio Fiesta 101.3 FM and 1480 AM.
Williams-Brackett
Your story lives in the Magic Valley, and our new mobile app is designed to make sure you don’t miss breaking news, the latest scores, the weather forecast and more. From easy navigation with the swipe of a finger to personalized content based on your preferences to customized text sizes, the Times-News app is built for you and your life. Don’t have the app? Download it today from the Apple App Store or Google Play Store.
The Moose Lodge building in Buhl was sold in November 2018, then again in October 2019.
Q: What happened to the Moose Lodge in Buhl?
A: “I do not have details but can verify the Buhl Lodge 305 closed Nov. 1, 2018. All members were merged into the Twin Falls Lodge 612,” said Dawn Bower, Moose International Member Services.
“The Buhl Moose Lodge closed seven years ago,” said Debby Evans, wife of Ron Evans, an agent with the Twin Falls Lodge. “With the age of membership and declining finances, the lodge was unable to sustain the building and its existence.”
Evans said, “There were approximately 50 members that merged with Twin Falls.”
The Moose lodge on 1101 Main St. in Buhl was constructed in 1940. With 4,400 square feet, “The building was sold to an individual at that time to become a restaurant. It never happened. It now hosts estate sales,” said Evans.
Shawn Torres purchased the building in October 2019.
“The Buhl lodge was instituted in 1935 and they used the IOOF building at that time,” said Evans.
According to the Secretary of State’s Office, the Buhl Lodge No. 305 Loyal Order of Moose’s initial filing date was July 25, 1949, becoming inactive on Nov. 6, 2019. The Twin Falls Lodge No. 612’s initial filing date was Jan. 21, 1914, inactive on Nov. 30, 1948. They refiled on June 8, 1949, and have been active and in good standing since 1949.
The Moose fraternity is “an international organization of men and women dedicated to caring for young and old, bringing communities closer together, and celebrating life.”
Williams-Brackett
Your story lives in the Magic Valley, and our new mobile app is designed to make sure you don’t miss breaking news, the latest scores, the weather forecast and more. From easy navigation with the swipe of a finger to personalized content based on your preferences to customized text sizes, the Times-News app is built for you and your life. Don’t have the app? Download it today from the Apple App Store or Google Play Store.
Q: What’s the preferred seating at the Magic Valley Stampede? It looks like new front-row seats on the floor of the main grandstand.
A: “The preferred seating at the rodeo was new in 2022,” said Nancy Pitz, marketing assistant for Twin Falls County Fair. “This section is in front of the grandstand, right below the box seats. There is a raised platform set directly on the arena floor with a fence rail in front. There are 20 tables with four chairs each. We like to promote them as the seats where you get dirty in your drink…can’t get any closer to the action.”
The Twin Falls County Fair is Aug. 30 through Sept. 4, and the Magic Valley Stampede PRCA Rodeo is Aug. 31- Sept. 2.
“Anyone that wants these seats can purchase them,” Pitz said. “They are $85 per seat.”
“We visited with another fair/rodeo and they talked about their preferred seating section and how popular it had become. So many people want to know how they can get into the box seats in the grandstand and those have always been part of sponsor packages for businesses. The new preferred seating sections give people the option to get an ‘up close’ seating experience without the sponsorship commitment.”
Preferred seating is only available during the rodeos.
“We sold out Friday and Saturday nights (last year),” she said. “We are offering it again this year with Friday and Saturday about 50% sold.”
Williams-Brackett
Q: Why did the Castleford gym flood when it rained? Roof or front door?
A: “The gym flooded because the ground was already saturated with rainstorms and we had a downpour of rain in early May,” said Dena Allred, superintendent of Castleford schools. “After school, we did not have any flooding as we had janitors here cleaning. However, our drainage systems from the back parking lot, the concrete playground area, and the rain from the roofs did not work and were overwhelmed, or so we thought. The water came into the two main doors into the foyer and flooded the weight room, music/drama room, concession stand, the foyer, and part of the gym floor. This happened after the janitorial staff had finished cleaning and left. We found it that night because our track team had a meet at Raft River and when they arrived back at Castleford around 11 p.m., the area was flooded and we had standing, dirty water in the areas described.”
Flooding occurred on May 4 after nearly a quarter-inch of precipitation fell. From May 4 to 9, a total of 0.65 inches of precipitation was received.
“Upon investigation, we found that our drainage systems were compromised with dirt, mud and debris and it failed to carry all of the water that came down,” Allred said. “With the ground already being saturated and nowhere for the water to go, the gym, classroom and foyer areas were flooded. We are currently working on installing a new drainage system.”
The Class of 2023 graduates were able to graduate in the Cothern Memorial Gym. The gym’s west entrance, however, was used because the foyer was closed.
“The timeline on the repairs for the foyer, concession stand, and classrooms is before school begins,” Allred said.
The first day of school for Castleford is Aug. 17.
“We might not have the entranceway carpets finished, but we will still be able to have classes in the weight room and music/drama room,” Allred said. “We will also be able to use the concession stand and bathrooms for football games.
“The gym is scheduled to be completed in mid-October. The reason it has taken so long is because there are only three companies in Idaho who do gym floors. These companies all had jobs last fall for this summer, therefore, we are on their time frame to be able to get to us. We checked to see if we could use another company in another state, but they also had jobs that were bid last fall for this summer, and we still would have had to wait for their first jobs to be completed. To repair the floor, they are going to strip it to bare wood and restripe everything as well as the graphics. Then they will finish the floor. There may be some planks of the wood flooring that need to be replaced.”
Open gyms, and volleyball and basketball practices have been held at the Seventh Street Gym in Buhl over the summer.
In November 2022, the school board trustees and administrators implemented a survey and studied the district’s present and future facility needs. Several parents and community members requested an additional small gymnasium/multi-purpose facility. The district also wanted to construct three more classrooms.
“Building the new gym has been reevaluated,” Allred said. “The board feels we should try to purchase some property first since we are landlocked by independently owned agricultural farms around the entire campus.
“If we could acquire some land for the district, then there will be discussion about the next steps.”
Williams-Brackett
The Tri-County Fair once included Gooding, Minidoka and Jerome counties.
Q: When was the first year for the Lincoln County Fair & Rodeo?
A: According to Chronicling America and the North Side News on Aug. 28, 1913, the first Lincoln County Fair was held in Hagerman in 1910. The second in Wendell in 1911, the third in Shoshone in 1912. In 1913, it was held in Jerome. Gooding, Minidoka, and Jerome Counties used to be part of Lincoln County.
It began as the Tri-County Fair, promoted and managed by H.A. Stroud of Hagerman.
The Shoshone Journal reported on March 1, 1912, “The officers of the Lincoln County Fair Association recently held a special meeting in Shoshone by order of the president, C.F. Borden … In the past two years Lincoln county has had one of the best county fairs in the state, and considering the rapid growth of the county, the experience which has been gained from other fairs, and the special interest that is being manifested, we believe that the Lincoln county fair will surpass all its past records.”
The dates of the 1912 fair were Oct. 1-3.
OUR VIEW: There are few things more American than rounding up the family, gathering with friends and meeting your neighbors at the fairgrounds every summer.
After a lot of phone calls and research, the Lincoln County Fair Board has a few answers.
In the early 1900s, Boys and Girls Clubs were involved in different projects. These were not organized; the statewide youth programs started in 1911. Contests and exhibits were held in school districts, winning exhibits were displayed at county fairs. In 1912, the 4-H program started in Idaho, but the 4-H name was not used until 1920.
By 1921, the Dietrich Grange helped organize a community fair, with its share of the cost at $4. On June 10, 1929, the county commissioners appointed a fair board. Members were A. B. Chamberlain, F. W. Powell, Chris Frees, Will Tyson, L. J. Mott, Dave Mitchell, and Harlan Heist.
Animals were shown at the fairgrounds beginning in 1958.
The Lincoln County Fair & Rodeo is held annually during the last week of July.
Williams-Brackett
Q: I heard Twin Falls is planning to build another high school. It was going to be built near the water tower south of Twin Falls. When?
A: “No, the Twin Falls School District does not have plans to build a new high school in the near future,” Eva Craner, spokesperson for Twin Falls School District, said.
“Looking through our building permits the only school buildings I’m seeing slated for construction in the city of Twin Falls is the Gem Prep Charter School,” said Josh Palmer, spokesperson for the city of Twin Falls. “The school is currently under construction, and I believe Gem Prep will be a K-12.”
Building west of the water tower south of Twin Falls, Palmer said, “Golden Eagle Subdivision No. 7 will have 40 residential lots.”
There is another school being built, however, it’s not a high school. Located at 586 Orchard Dr., Pinecrest Academy will have a ribbon-cutting ceremony at noon Saturday, Aug. 12. The academy is a K-8 tuition-free public charter school.
Williams-Brackett
Q: How did the Oakley Vigilantes get their name?
A: “Becoming the Legacy” since 1882, the Oakley Vigilantes continues to host the Oakley Pioneer Days celebration, which takes place this year from July 14 through July 22. The nine-day celebration is filled with fun activities and events for the whole family, from car races and rodeos to Dutch oven cookoff/chuckwagon breakfast and sport tournaments.
“After talking with a few people in Oakley, the Oakley Vigilantes started as a riding posse,” said Angie Matthews with the Oakley Vigilantes. “They traveled all over the state competing in riding competitions. They did both group and individual events, and they won many awards. Long ago, the word vigilante meant someone or an appointed group that did good and looked out for others. Not the same as today’s thoughts of it being more of a renegade. The group of people that rode in the posse thought that was a good name, since they were a group of people representing Oakley at all of their riding competitions.”
According to an issue of the Oakley Herald on June 17, 1946, the Oakley Vigilantes was formed by Ed Hunter and Herman Bedke.
“They were a very accomplished group of riders also. There are some articles out of the Oakley Herald that talk about their successes,” said Matthews.
She said “After several years, they decided to start more of a community group that puts on rodeos. I’m not sure at what point they started having the annual celebration coincide with the rodeo, but we can probably find some of that information in the Oakley Valley Historical Museum, as well as pictures and maybe some of their awards.”
“I think all of the original riders have passed on, so it makes it a little bit difficult to know the exact reason, but this was the best guess by family of those that used to ride with them,” said Matthews.
According to the Oakley Pioneer Days and Rodeo: 100 Years of Progress in 1970, “In the early seventies and eighties Oakley knew what it was to have their herds raided by the common rustlers and they also knew what it was to bring them to justice in the method of the early west.”
It continued “Range wars rose to their heights between cattle and sheep men and the bullets from the 44 six shooters claimed the lives of men on both sides.”
“Hence, Oakley became a fitting place for a riding club, or posse, for the love of a good horse and the desire to ride still lived in the new generation,” reported Oakley’s History and Origin of the Oakley Vigilantes.
The group didn’t file for incorporation until 1947, and the editor of the Oakley Herald named them the Oakley Vigilantes. By 1948, they had a lighted field to practice riding drills.
Williams-Brackett
Q: On Poleline Road traveling west, drivers that reside on the south side are driving in the passing lane backing up traffic. What’s the protocol? 
A: The answer can be found in Idaho Statute 49-633, Twin Falls County Sheriff’s Sgt. Ken Mencl said.
Idaho Code states the following when passing on the right is permitted:
1) The driver of a vehicle may overtake and pass upon the right of another vehicle only under the following conditions:
2) The driver of a vehicle may overtake and pass another vehicle upon the right only under conditions permitting such movement in safety. That movement shall not be made by driving off the roadway.
The Idaho Driver’s Handbook states you may pass a vehicle on the right only in the situations listed below and only if you can do so safely. This movement shall not be made by driving off the roadway. Passing on the right is prohibited except in the following circumstances:
Williams-Brackett
Have a question? Just ask and we’ll find an answer for you. Email your question to Kimberly Williams-Brackett at timesnewscuriousmind@gmail.com with “Curious Mind” in the subject line.
Q: Is there a roadkill removal service?
A: “For wildlife that have been killed on the roadside, either the county highway department or the Idaho Department of Fish and Game are authorized to remove the carcass,” said Dr. Scott Leibsle, state veterinarian with the Idaho State Department of Agriculture. “For anything other than wildlife (dogs, cats, livestock), the county highway department would be responsible.”
Kenney Spencer of the Twin Falls Highway District, however, said there is no roadkill service in his area.
"As far as we know here at IDFG there is not a removal service that picks up roadkill," Idaho Fish and Game said. Both the Idaho Transportation Department and Fish and Game remove roadkill when it's a safety hazard on roads.
Darling International Inc., an approved rendering facility in Idaho, did not respond to the Times-News' request for comment.
Williams-Brackett
Q: Many drivers have dark window tinting, which makes it difficult to communicate if I can’t see them. What’s the regulation on window tinting? 
A: “To my understanding, their question can be directed under Idaho Legislation Title 49 Chapter 9,” said Amy Agenbroad, spokesperson for the Idaho State Police.
“Enacted in 1992, the Idaho Code on motor vehicles and vehicle equipment states the standards for windshields and windows of motor vehicles,” Agenbroad said, as follows:
Tint darkness:
“Idaho does have several other rules and regulations pertaining to window tinting,” she said. Those include the following:
“Film manufacturers are not required to certify the film they sell in this state, and no stickers to identify legal tinting is required,” she said.
“Idaho allows medical exemptions for darker tints, as dark as 2 percent Visible Light Transmission (VLT) on front side windows and even allow for window tint on the windshield, which may be tinted to 75 percent VLT, plenty to reduce glare and block 99 percent of UV light.”
Idaho code states “a person who possesses written verification from a licensed physician that the operator or passenger must be protected from exposure to sunlight or heat for medical reasons associated with past or current treatment; such written verification shall be carried in the vehicle.”
The penalty for any person convicted of a violation should be guilty of a traffic infraction, Agenbroad said.
Williams-Brackett
Q: What are they doing in the median between Twin Falls and Jerome?
A: “The Idaho Transportation Department is widening I-84 between South Jerome Interchange (Exit 168) and Twin Falls Interchange (Exit 173),” said Anne Marie Peacock, spokesperson for the Idaho Transportation Department. “I-84 serves as a major corridor through South-Central Idaho and beyond, with traffic counts expected to increase substantially over the next 20 years. The purpose of this project is to increase capacity and improve safety on I-84. This project is part of Idaho Governor Brad Little’s ‘Leading Idaho’ transportation funding solution.”
The next closest stretch of freeway with three lanes in each direction is in the Treasure Valley.
“Construction started in April 2023 and will be completed in late fall 2025,” Peacock said. “This year, construction crews will build the new lanes and median wall on I-84. In addition, work began at the 400 South Road Bridge to accommodate the widening of I-84.”
Improvements include widening I-84 to three lanes in each direction, reconstructing the 400 South Road Bridge, constructing drainage facilities for the increased pavement surface, and placing a concrete overlay on existing pavement.
These improvements will be coordinated with plans to improve South Jerome Interchange.
Interstate 84 will be restricted to one lane in each direction at night. Occasional daytime lane restrictions may be necessary.
Rolling closures on I-84 will occur over the summer for blasting rock in the median.
400 South will be closed intermittently.
Traffic shifts will be used throughout construction with reduced speeds.
For project updates, visit itdprojects.org/projects/84jerometotwin.
“ITD, Idaho State Police, and local law enforcement caution motorists to slow down and pay attention when driving in work zones, where increased speeding fines and other penalties apply. Motorists are encouraged to plan ahead and dial 511 or visit 511.idaho.gov for information on the state highway or interstate system,” Peacock said.
Williams-Brackett
Robert Sylvester Cook
Nov. 18, 1932 ~ May 7, 2023
JEROME - Robert Sylvester Cook passed away May 7, 2023 at Creekside Care Center in Jerome, Idaho at the age of 90. He was a loving son, nephew, brother, husband, father, grandfather and great-grandfather.
Robert "Bob" was born in Omaha, Nebraska on November 18, 1932 to Helen Mary (Bertschy) Cook and Chauncey Joseph Cook. Bob was named after his mother's twin brother, Robert Sylvester Bertschy. When Bob was one year old, he moved with his family to southern California.
Bob had an older brother named James and a younger brother named Joseph. The three boys grew up together in Santa Monica, California. Bob had many fond memories of spending days at the beach and roaming around town with their Saint Bernard.
Bob's first jobs were as a newspaper boy and having a lawn-mowing business with his brother, Jim. After graduating from Santa Monica High School in 1950, Bob spent the summer in Panama before enrolling at Santa Monica City College.
Bob was patriotic and a proud veteran of the U.S. Navy. From 1952 – 1954 he served as a Communications Technician in Yokahama, Japan. Bob had top security clearance because he maintained and repaired tape recorders used for U.S. Intelligence Operations. He was honorably discharged in October 1954.
Following his military service, Bob returned to California, married his high school girlfriend, Elizabeth Verboon "Beppie" in 1955, and they started a family in 1956. They settled in Pacific Palisades, a suburb adjacent to Santa Monica.
Bob worked hard to provide for his six children and instilled in them a strong work ethic and a love of the beach. Bob was kindhearted and reached out to help others, especially those with family responsibilities. While a bit shy, he loved people and encouraged and celebrated others' accomplishments. He fed his curious mind through listening to radio, conversations and reading. He was still perusing the Wall Street Journal at 90.
Bob emphasized the value of education and encouraged his children to attend college and pursue their dreams. He worked overtime on weekends to help pay expenses and always provided practical support from appliance repairs to innumerable furniture moves. For many years he had a framing business with his brother, Joe, in Los Angeles. He was very proud that all six of his children graduated from university.
After his children were grown, Bob and Beppie divorced and he moved to Sherman Oaks, California. Bob worked as an electrician, spending 32 years at the Department of Water and Power in Los Angeles and 15 years at Los Angeles City Hall. He was a member of the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers for 55 years. Bob was a talented trouble-shooter of all electrical and mechanical problems and kept his garage full of well-loved tools and potential projects. He taught his children to respect the trade and to always buy the best tools they could afford.
Bob met his wife, Teresa (Chacon), at a church gathering in Sherman Oaks in May 1993 and they married in July 1999. Bob retired in 2002 at age 70 and enjoyed traveling with Teresa to visit their Cook and Chacon families across California, Oregon, Idaho and Hawaii to celebrate many birthdays, holidays and graduations.
Bob and Teresa moved to Jerome, Idaho in 2005 where they joined St. Jerome's Catholic Parish and were active volunteers for many years, including at the soup kitchen.
Bob is survived by his wife, Teresa; his ex-wife, Beppie; children: Thomas, Theresa (James), Anne (Christopher), Mary (David), Robert (Earlette), and Elizabeth; step-son, Michael Chacon (Virginia); 8 grandchildren, 11 step-grandchildren, 15 step-great-grandchildren, and nieces and nephews. He was preceded in death by his father, Chauncey Joseph; his mother, Helen Mary; brothers: James Kiernan and Joseph Stewart; and his step-children, Natalie Ellen and Stephen Alan.
A Vigil and Rosary will be held at 5:00 pm, Sunday, Father's Day, June 18, 2023, at St. Jerome's Catholic Church, 216 2nd Ave E, Jerome. Memorial Mass will be celebrated at 11:00 am, Monday, June 19, 2023 at St. Jerome's Catholic Church, followed by a luncheon reception in the church hall.
The family would like to thank the staff and caregivers at Creekside Care Center in Jerome who provided loving care for Bob in his final years.
Memories and condolences may be shared with the family on Bob's memorial webpage at www.farnsworthmortuary.com.
Q: Why are the sewer manholes in the tire tracks instead of in the middle of the road?
A: “Great question! I agree, it is disappointing when a sewer manhole lands in a wheel path because it happens from time to time,” said Joshua Baird, public works director for the city of Twin Falls. “There are several things that are at play that don’t allow for an optimal sewer manhole placement from time to time. First, parcels of land come in varying shapes and sizes, so when development occurs, it may not be feasible to avoid a manhole in a wheel path because of the constraints imposed by the shape, size, and contours of the property as well as right-of-way requirement and building setbacks.”
“Also, Idaho code requires a minimum separation of potable water lines and non-potable lines (sewer lines in our case). In some situations, that means you cannot easily place a sewer line (and corresponding manholes) in a different location without also placing the waterline in a different location. After utilities are put in the ground, it is very expensive to modify or change them, which is why we spend so much time on the front end through engineering design to make sure it works as well as possible,” Baird said.
He said, “Also, roadways are not always straight lines, they move and curve. However, a typical sewer line does not veer as much. A sewer line is typically designed to be a straight line between manholes. As such, either through a curve, the addition or dropping of a lane (think of two way-left turn lanes that start and stop, right turn and left turn lanes at intersections, etc.), the roadway can easily change alignment through painted striping, but it is less easy to move the sewer line.
“In other situations, a roadway is not fully built out and while the current road may have the sewer manholes in wheel paths, once the entire road is built, that may go away,” said Baird.
He said “Yet another issue that prohibits sewer lines from being in an optimal location is the existence of other utilities, already in the ground and preventing sewer lines from being placed in a location which could avoid them being in the wheel path. As roads expand and change, to allow for additional lanes, are expanded due to development, pavement striping may also change which sometimes means a sewer line that was not in the wheel path previously, is now in a wheel path.”
“Hopefully this helps clarify some of the situations that can cause a less than optimal design,” Baird said.
Williams-Brackett
Q: Why do road construction crews block off 8 miles of Interstate 84 near Burley but only work on a small section?
A: “Safety and cost determine the size of construction zones,” Idaho Transportation Department spokesperson Anne Marie Peacock told the Times-News.
“Road construction requires a significant amount of planning and on-site coordination that is often a complex and multi-faceted process,” Peacock said. “There are numerous factors that determine which lanes are closed and how workers can execute their tasks within the construction zone, most of which is determined by safety measures. They must be able to have the space and freedom to move around the job site without fear of being hit by passing vehicles. These measures are also managed with a high priority of limiting commuter impact as much as possible and not increasing the size of work zones just for the sole convenience of the contractor.
“Though it may not always look like it, closing down lanes and creating adequate work sites also creates a safer work zone for motorists as well as the space needed for an efficient use of resources and an ability to complete projects in a cost effective and timely manner. This is accomplished by reducing the number of times crews need to set up, tear down, and move construction zones. Minimizing the amount of work zone changes also decreases overall disruption to drivers during road construction. Without the dedicated space, construction vehicles would need to move in and out of traffic more often causing further commuter delays.
“Most folks don’t experience what it feels like to stand within a few feet of vehicles traveling past you at 80 mph with only an orange cone between you,” Peacock said. “Situational awareness for motorists traveling the same daily commuter route also impact safety as crews have witnessed numerous drivers on autopilot slamming on their brakes because they are surprised by orange construction barrels. Drivers can easily get distracted with listening to the radio or talking with friends; but all had passed multiple warning signs in the form of electronic message boards, flaggers, or cones and yet still failed to recognize they needed to prepare to slow down in order to properly navigate a construction site.
“There are several factors that can contribute to slowing or in some cases temporarily halting construction due to weather, lack of resources, or delayed assets to name a few. But know the space of the construction zone is being utilized,” she said. “It is more efficient, in the long run, to ensure all traffic control measures around the construction zone allow for continuous traffic, even if slower, that ensures the safety for both construction crews and motorists.”
“Finally, a friendly reminder we are in the ‘100 Deadliest Days’ of driving and to be an engaged driver. Drive well, Idaho. Be in the moment and free from distractions,” Peacock said.
Williams-Brackett
Q: Not all schools are created equal when it comes to track. Which schools have asphalt tracks?
A: “These are the schools in the Magic Valley that I am aware that have tracks,” said Ty Jones, executive director for the Idaho High School Activities Association.
“Twin Falls, Canyon Ridge, Minico, Burley, Jerome, Wood River, Buhl, Kimberly, Filer, Wendell, Declo, Valley, Carey, ISDB, Oakley, Murtaugh, and Raft River.
“The tracks are generally rubberized pieces of material on top of an asphalt base. There aren’t any tracks that I’m aware of that are only asphalt and I cannot guarantee that this is a complete list of schools but it’s close.”
Middle and high schools in Twin Falls all have tracks available for track and field events. Eva Craner, spokesperson for the Twin Falls School District provided the following information:
“The middle school has a cinder track,” said Samuel Sharp of Jerome schools. “This was installed in the 2007-08 school year.”
“Jerome High School has a rubber track with asphalt underneath. It was resurfaced five years ago and the asphalt underneath is 15 to 20-years-old,” said Scott Burton, athletic director for Jerome High School.
“The base is asphalt, but the top is latex. It was installed in 2008,” said Zach Dong, athletic director for Kimberly High School.
“Buhl has an asphalt track. I don’t know when it was put in but it was a while ago,” said David Carson, Superintendent of Buhl School District.
Gooding Schools share the track at the Idaho School for the Deaf and Blind. Originally it was a dirt track, then a rubber track was installed around 1991. Accommodations for the blind/low vision athletes like a cable around the track mainly on the eighth lane will be added this summer said Kenny Anderson, who works at ISDB.
Hansen, Hagerman, and Lincoln County don’t have tracks.
Camas County schools have a dirt track.
Williams-Brackett
Q: Why did Franklin Building Supply have Evel Knievel’s tombstone?
A: Evel Knievel attempted to jump the Snake River Canyon in Twin Falls in September 1974 for $6 million. According to Franklin Building Supply’s website, he purchased building materials for the ramp from Volco Inc., and gives Volco his tombstone as collateral for credit charges made.
Franklin acquired Volco Inc. in 1999. “Initial inventory discovers Evel Knievel’s tombstone in storage,” reports the website.
It said, “Evel Knievel dies. Relatives come looking for the tombstone given to Volco. Franklin returns it to them.” He died Nov. 30, 2007. Knievel was 69.
Doctors had diagnosed Knievel with a lung disease called idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis. There is no cure. He was given three to five years to live. During that time, Knievel contacted his friend Alma Barry in Twin Falls and asked for a gravestone he left in her care to be shipped to him in Butte, Montana, according to the Billings Gazette on July 21, 2005.
It reported, “The white marble marker was created to generate publicity about his Snake River Canyon jump more than 30 years ago. Alma Barry and her family got to know Knievel in the seven years he took to build the ramp and plan the jump. The Barrys owned Volco Builders’ Supply and helped him build the ramp and press box. The family became such close friends with Knievel that he asked them to store the giant stone marker.”
Knievel said he “worked for seven years on that jump, going to Twin Falls for a month each year and working with engineers,” said the Billings Gazette.
It continued, “The Barry family sold its business to Franklin Building Supply a few decades ago and asked that the new managers watch over the marker.”
“It sat in a stockroom for more than 30 years,” reported the Billings Gazette.
It continued, “He said he wasn’t doing too well and wanted to be buried in Butte and asked if we could send him the gravestone,” Barry said. “It is a very beautiful piece. It had the date he was born and the date of the jump and his image on it and a space for in case he didn’t make it over the canyon.”
Knievel sent a truck to pick up the stone, reported the Billings Gazette.
It continued, Knievel was “buried next to the grandparents who raised him. Knievel was influenced to become a motorcycle daredevil when they took him to Joey Chitwood’s Auto Daredevil show when Knievel was 8. But his grandparents were very much against his career choice.”
His headstone reads “Robert ‘Evel’ Knievel ‘Explorer’ Motorcyclist & Daredevil. A mile long leap of the Snake River Canyon from this point on Sept. 5, 1974 employing a unique ‘sky cycle.’ A man can fall many times in life but he’s never a failure if he tries to get up.”
A similar-looking stone stands near the Snake River jump site.
Williams-Brackett
Q: Idaho is too great to litter. If “Idaho is too great to litter” then why are the medians on the interstate full of trash?
A: “We can all see the trash this winter season has left behind on our roads now that the snow has melted,” said Anne Marie Peacock, spokesperson for the Idaho Transportation Department. “The Idaho Transportation Department relies on volunteers through the Adopt-A-Highway program to help pick up trash along our roads as we do not have dedicated resources for it. Unfortunately, it is not always possible for volunteers to safely access medians to pick up trash; and therefore, is left there. ITD actually asks volunteers to avoid working in medians for their safety as well as narrow roadways, curves, bridges, overpasses, and on/off ramps. We ensure volunteers work in areas where they are easily visible to motorists and oncoming traffic.”
“These past few years have seen a reduction in active volunteers. In 2020 ITD had 1,230 active Adopt-A-Highway groups statewide. As of April 2023, the total number of groups has reduced to 982. ITD will continue to rely on volunteers through the Adopt-A-Highway program to clean up litter and appreciate their efforts to help keep Idaho beautiful where they can safely volunteer. We would value your participation in helping to spread the word and encourage more volunteers to join,” Peacock said.
“We continue to seek creative ways to accommodate to our volunteers’ time and needs,” she said. For example, we can shorten volunteer litter pick up routes from four miles to two miles, or just organize a onetime litter pickup.”
“We have seen the number of volunteers — for all activities — has declined over the past few years. It was declining before COVID, but that just exacerbated it,” Josh Palmer, spokesperson for the city of Twin Falls.
“Johnny Horizon dates back to 1968 with the ‘This land is your land – keep it clean’ message to enlist the public’s help to protect public lands from littering, abuse, and vandalism,” said Heather Tiel-Nelson, spokesperson for the Bureau of Land Management in Twin Falls. “While the BLM no longer uses Johnny Horizon, we always encourage responsible use of public lands. Each spring in the Magic Valley volunteers from Southern Idaho Off Road Association, Magic Valley ATV riders and Jerome County come together to rid the north rim of the Snake River Canyon of illegally dumped trash.
“This is just one of many volunteer efforts to keep our public lands clean, safe, and beautiful,” Tiel-Nelson said. “You can learn more about reporting illegally dumped trash on public lands at www.dontdumpidaho.com.”
According to Don’t Dump Idaho’s website, federal statutes specify fines of up to $1,000 and/or up to 12 months imprisonment for dumping trash and debris on public land. Littering on public or private property within the state of Idaho is a misdemeanor punishable by up to six months imprisonment and/or a fine up to $1,000, with the possibility of eight to 40 hours of litter cleanup (Idaho Statute 18-7031).
“We do recognize Johnny Horizon Day and did a proclamation for May 6 this year,” Twin Falls County Commissioner Jack Johnson said. “Our participation is that our parks department provides the trash bags, and each community is in charge of setting up their own trash pickup, etc. The individual highway districts and/or ITD will then pick the bags up depending on which roadways they are on.”
Williams-Brackett
Q: Is pull-through parking legal? I’ve noticed a lot of drivers are either backing or driving through into parking spaces. Is this even legal? I’ve backed into a vehicle because the hood was below my rear-view window.
A: “AAA recommends that drivers back into parking spaces whenever possible, except where prohibited by law or parking lot restrictions,” said Matthew Conde, public and government affairs director for Triple A Idaho. “When you back into a parking space, you back into a designated area that you know is empty. But when you back out into the flow of parking lot traffic, reduced visibility can result in increased risk of a collision involving cross-traffic and pedestrians.
“Whether you are pulling forward out of a parking space or backing out, please do so slowly to reduce the likelihood of a fender-bender and to reduce impact speeds. Please remember that back-up cameras and cross-traffic detection systems are not 100 percent effective in every situation,” Conde said. In a busy or dark parking lot, such as during the holiday season, it’s a good idea to have someone outside the vehicle who can guide you safely out of your parking space.”
However, if one driver is pulling out and another driver sees an open parking spot and they’re pulling in there will be a head-on collision. In addition, there are no taillights in the front of a car, only in the back. Drivers search for those taillights when driving in a parking lot. Drivers that pull through or back in to park tend to park too far forward, or the rear of the vehicle will hang over a second parking spot.
“Unfortunately, we are not able to speak towards the legality of a certain action (especially since they vary by jurisdiction and the facts of the case),” said Matt Stokes of State Farm Insurance.
“There are no laws prohibiting this that I am aware of,” said Craig Kingsbury, chief of police for the city of Twin Falls.
Williams-Brackett
Q: I was looking at my family tree on Ancestry.com and my aunt went to Twin Falls High School in 1927. She was a Coyote, not a Bruin. When did TFHS change the mascot?
A: “Here at the Twin Falls School District Office, we have an archive of old yearbooks and I was able to find the answer,” said Eva Craner, Twin Falls School District public relations director. “The short answer is that since 1920, TFHS has utilized The Bruin as its mascot but The Coyote was the school’s name for the yearbook until 1965.”
Craner said throughout the 1964 yearbook, illustrations of bears/bruins can be found but there are no pictures of coyotes on the front cover of the 1964 and 1965 yearbooks.
From the 1964 yearbook, two publication clubs existed: The Coyote staff and the Bruin. The Coyote was a publication produced and shared by all members of the staff. The Bruin was published tri-weekly by journalism classes and financed by student subscriptions and advertising.
The 1964 yearbook references the football mascot as “Bruin.”
“With this volume the Twin Falls High School yearbook introduces a new name — The Bruin,” the 1964 yearbook said. “The first Twin Falls High School yearbook was published in 1911 under the title Coyote, and the annual has used this name for 53 years. The name Coyote seemed appropriate enough in the early days when the high school setting was one of dusty sagebrush, prowling coyotes, and jackrabbits.
“Then, in 1920, the athletic teams started calling themselves the Bruins. Also, the school newspaper has been circulated for many years under The Bruin nameplate,” according to the 1965 yearbook. “In recent years so many questions have arisen about the suitability of the name Coyote that this year’s students decided to do something about it.”
In 1965, the Coyote was transitioned out.
“From now on the Twin Falls High School annual will be called The Bruin, and the newspaper will be the Bruin News. We no longer have a stray animal in our midst.”
Williams-Brackett
Q: Where, or who, does the elderly turn to when they need help moving furniture or yard work? Transportation and food banks are available. But what if the washing machine or car needs repairs or replaced? Who assists the elderly?
A: “IVC’s abilities are limited to transportation and home safety modifications — grabs bars, handrails, and wheelchair ramps,” said Jeanette Roe, executive director for Interlink Volunteer Caregivers. “We run our services only with volunteers. Most of our volunteers are seniors themselves. Our volunteer insurance does allow any weight bearing assistance.”
“I always tell individuals they can go to findhelpidaho.org or contact the CSI Office on Aging. The CSI Office on Aging has a list of services they can help with. Then I tell them to reach out to church, civic groups, etc.,” said Roe.
IVC provides assistance for elderly, disabled, and chronically-ill individuals living within the eight-county Magic Valley service area. They provide free transportation to health related appointments and essential errands such as grocery and clothing shopping and legal and tax related appointments.
Findhelpidaho.org searches for local, up-to-date programs providing food, housing, goods, transit, health, money, care, education, work, and legal. The database includes free or reduced-cost local, statewide, and national resources.
“If this inquirer is asking for financial help to pay for these repairs and services, unfortunately, we are unaware of any state or federal funding available to pay for personal property maintenance, repairs, or replacement,” said Sharon Underwood, social services manager and interim director for the CSI Office on Aging.
She said, “There are a variety of businesses in our area that provide help with moving, yard care, appliance and vehicle repairs. These can be found in our local phone book and with Google searches.”
“Also, many folks ask family, friends, neighbors, or church members for assistance if they are unable to pay for help or unable to do the work themselves. It can be difficult to ask for help but many, many times folks are willing to help if they know what help is needed,” said Underwood.
There are other agencies such as South Central Community Action Partnership and Living Independence Network Corporation.
Williams-Brackett
Q: All the roses at the courthouse were pulled out last year. Still looks like a mess. Thought they were going to add on. Where does it stand?
A: “We hope to have a groundbreaking ceremony in June,” said Brent Reinke, Twin Falls County commissioner. “We have experienced numerous unexpected delays. To be honest the delays may prove to be a good thing with the market improving with materials and labor availabilities.”
“Twin Falls County has been saving for this remodel and addition, for a good many years, with the ARPA funds we received we will be able to move forward with this project,” Reinke said.
“The new two-story addition and remodel of the current facility is 87,400 square feet,” he said. “The project will have two phases, the first is groundbreaking in June of the two-story building with eight court rooms and all supporting offices, as well as a full basement. Phase one will take 16 to 18 months.
“Phase two is the remodel of the existing Theron Ward Judicial building.
This phase will begin after the completion of phase one and will take an additional nine to 12 months.”
“We started the rose removal project last March-April, 205 in all, Reinke said. “The reason for the early start was the possibility of a successful transplant of the roses to the families or loved ones of the original donors. We were pleased to be able to connect with over 95 families or loved ones of the original donor group. A number of families had more than one rose in the garden.”
“The balance of the roses was adopted out to community members. We placed the Rose Garden Stone marker and a number of roses at the (Twin Falls County Historical) Museum on Highway 30,” he said.
“In the next few weeks, we will be placing a large sign by the roses on the southeast corner of the downtown historic courthouse with all the names from the garden plaques to commemorate the rose garden,” Reinke said.
Williams-Brackett
Q: Who is responsible for the old Twin Falls clinic building on Shoshone St. and what is the fate of the building? After firefighters had to respond there last year due to squatters setting fires in the basement, it doesn’t feel safe to live nearby.
A: “Previously the property owners did not have the building fenced and secured so transients often entered the building,” said Josh Palmer, Public Information Director for the city of Twin Falls.
“Our Building Safety Department warned the owner about the hazard, and it wasn’t long afterward that a fire was set in the building – suspected to be transients building a fire to keep warm in the winter. Our fire department responded, and put themselves at considerable risk, to search the dark smoke filled, maze-like basement for any transients that may have succumbed to smoke. Fortunately, firefighters removed everyone, and nobody was severely injured. After that, the property owners put up a fence and secured the doors, and we saw fewer calls for service in that area. Even before that, we didn’t receive a lot of calls for service, or see a lot of activity in that area compared to higher traffic areas like the Blue Lakes corridor.”
The fire took place on November 11, 2021, at 660 Shoshone St. E., Twin Falls.
There is speculation that Summit Capital owns it now but could not be verified. According to the permits they filed, they planned to convert it to residential units.
The transfer of ownership is still under Twin Falls County and has been since September 1, 2013. There is a 2023 split pending, according to the Twin Falls County Assessor’s Office.
Williams-Brackett
Williams-Brackett
Q: “Is the town pronounced Shoshone or like Shoshoni?”
A: “Shoshone” is the nation. “Shoshoni” refers to the people and the language. Just as “America” is the nation and “Americans” are the people.
Lyrics to Shoshone schools' fight song are displayed on a flag in the school. Although Shoshone’s fight song, written in 1938, uses artistic license with "Shoshoni," the town and the school are pronounced "Shoshone."
“The fight song does say Shoshoni and it is pronounced that way in the song,” Shoshone Middle-High School Principal Kelly Chapman said. “That is the only time that I am aware that we are referred to as Shoshoni.”
Music instructor F.J. Haruda wrote the school song in December 1938.
“Our town is pronounced Shoshone,” Connie Taylor, secretary and treasurer of the Lincoln County Historical Society. “Shoshone is one of oldest towns in the Magic Valley located on the Oregon Short Line Railroad.
“In 1881, it was a little settlement on Little Wood River called ‘Naples’ and ‘Junction City.’ Before that it was called ‘Big Bottoms’ by cowboys who drove their cattle from the Wood River country to the Snake River plains. The name of this little oasis in the desert was changed to ‘Shoshone’ from the Indian word meaning ‘Great Spirit,’” Taylor said.
The film and production crew for “Newe, The Shoshone People,” shot scenes the weekend of Feb. 2-4 in Ruby Valley, Spring Creek and Elko.
“In the 1870s, the Shoshoni and Bannock Indian tribes roamed the central Snake River area and north of the foothills on the Camas Prairie,” she said. “In the summer they dug camas roots on the prairie and fished for salmon along the Snake River.
“Back in the 1880s cowboys who drove their stock from Wood River country to Snake River plains for winter feed passed through Shoshone,” Taylor said. “They called Shoshone town site, ‘Big Bottoms.’ It was an expanse of sagebrush at that time, but the next spring when they took their cattle back, the cowboys found the entire area covered in water. It was overflow of Little Wood River as there had been deep snow in the mountains that winter. This is why they call our area ‘Big Bottoms.’ Or some refer to it as ‘Big Flats.’
“Then as construction camps were built alongside the new rail tracks it was called ‘Naples.’ Soon thereafter it was called Junction City. Early 1883 it was named Shoshone.”
Williams-Brackett
Q: Who is responsible for mowing or burning the weeds in a right of way?
A: “In Twin Falls County we have highway districts that maintain a certain amount of right of way on roadsides,” said Kali Sherrill, superintendent of Twin Falls County Noxious Weed Control. “However, property owners own to the middle of the road. The noxious weed law states that noxious weed control is the property owner’s responsibility. With that being said it definitely depends on where it is.”
According to Twin Falls city code 7-5-2, every owner, tenant or occupant of private property within the city shall cut and remove the weeds and grass and clean and remove rubbish as often as necessary to keep the property neat, and to prevent weeds from seeding on said private property to the center of any street or alley along or in front of such property, including the parking within and the curbing abutting such property.
The right of way extends at least 8 feet from the edge of shoulder or pavement.
The penalty is $100 for the first violation, $200 for the second violation, and $300 for the third.
“Property owners are responsible for mowing the weeds within their property lines. The highway district does not burn weeds,” said Travis Brewer with the Filer Highway District.
The Twin Falls Highway District mows the edge of the roadway about 5 feet of the borrow pit and around the intersections, "then we spray for broadleaf weed control,” said Kenny Spencer, director of the district.
“The Buhl Highway District is responsible for maintaining the district’s rights of way, including mowing, spraying for weed control, and cleanup of large debris,” said Hailey Sears, district clerk for the Buhl Highway District. “A property owner may request to have a no-spray zone of their property from the district but will then become liable for the maintenance of their section of the district’s right of way. Maintenance on any private irrigation ditches in the district’s right of way will fall on the property owner.”
There are several methods of vegetation control, including mowing, herbicides, weed-whacking, hand removal, and controlled burns. Even goats have been used along 3700 North to reduce brush.
Williams-Brackett
Q: Gooding County had a project to build wind breaks on Idaho Highway 46. I've heard that farmers in Iowa are paid by the state to leave a few rows of corn next to highways for wind breaks. Has Twin Falls County considered doing anything like this for Highway 93 between Twin Falls and Hollister? The drifting snow can get pretty dangerous even with the snow plows running non-stop.
 A: “The Idaho Transportation Department uses various techniques along different stretches of highway to minimize drifting,” said Jesse Gwin, former spokesman for the Idaho Transportation Department.
“ITD can utilize temporary and permanent snow fencing. However, these are normally set up before winter. ITD will also use a technique of snow trenching that creates a natural drift barrier. These are a few more common techniques, but there are other options. But ITD also has to factor in resources and money to determine what option to use. We do not currently utilize corn rows due to how crops are grown in Idaho. 
“However, one vital aspect for these techniques to successfully block snow drifts is that ITD needs enough access to right-of-way,” Gwin said. “When placing a snow fence it has to be calculated correctly otherwise the drifts will pile back on the roadway. 
“And, when considering the U.S. 93 stretch between Twin Falls and Hollister the right-of-way is narrow. So, the maintenance sheds work around the clock during storms to maintain these areas,” Gwin said.
“I have been with the Gooding Soil Conservation District for 20 years and they probably have had the Trees Against the Wind Project around 1986,” said Barbara Messick, administrative assistant for the Gooding Soil Conservation District. “We started this project because of drifting snow that caused many accidents and deaths on the road, and especially the death of Jim Hollifield.
“I believe it all started working with Harold Wartluft and Joe Pavkov for the first few windbreaks then Faulkner Land and Livestock because they had sheep. Mike, John and Jay Faulkner also have land along Highway 46 so we've worked with them for a Trees Against the Wind project,” Messick said.
“Because I work in the Wood River Soil and Water Conservation District in Shoshone, we also established a windbreak/screen on Highway 75 with Mark Kerner of Bootjack Dairy. So, we continue to try. 
“Today, we have had trouble getting anyone else to buy in because they either graze or can't get water to them. It was and still is a great project," she said.
"In Wyoming ranchers and land owners are paid to plant trees and grasses along roads for wind breaks… they call it a ‘living snow fence.’"
Williams-Brackett
Q: How come Twin Falls County has such an unfriendly street numbering system? All I find are north and east streets, with north streets starting at the south end of the county near Jackpot, Nevada. Where are the west and south streets? I suppose whoever started the street number system is long dead, but county could rectify the situation. Maybe everything west of Blue Lakes Blvd. could be west and all south of Addison could be south?
A: “Thank you for bringing up your concerns about the street numbering system in the city of Twin Falls and Twin Falls County,” said Matthew Long, a Twin Falls city building official. “It’s understandable that a seemingly one-sided orientation can be confusing for residents and visitors alike. While I don’t have specific information on the history of the street numbering system in Twin Falls County, it’s not uncommon for such systems to be established based on historical development patterns or other local considerations.
“If you’re looking for a resolution or further information on this matter, I recommend reaching out directly to the Twin Falls County Planning and Zoning Department or the County Clerk’s Office. They would likely have more insight into the history of the street numbering system and whether any adjustments or improvements are being considered,” Long said.
“The addressing system in place is typically designed as a grid to enhance emergency response capabilities,” he said.
Laura Wilson, a planner with the Twin Falls County Community Development Services, provided documents explaining the process. According to the Twin Falls County addressing standards, Twin Falls County rural addressing originates from the southwest corner of Twin Falls County, the grid system extends north and east with road numbers increasing by 100 for each mile away from the origin.
The Twin Falls County Board of County Commissioners adopted the grid address system, an ordinance that was approved in 1992.
Your story lives in the Magic Valley, and our new mobile app is designed to make sure you don’t miss breaking news, the latest scores, the weather forecast and more. From easy navigation with the swipe of a finger to personalized content based on your preferences to customized text sizes, the Times-News app is built for you and your life. Don’t have the app? Download it today from the Apple App Store or Google Play Store.
Q: I have seen a string of lights in the sky. What is it?
A: “It is almost certainly a set of recently launched Starlink satellites,” said Chris Anderson, coordinator for the Centennial Observatory at the Herrett Center for Arts & Science at the College of Southern Idaho. “The easiest way to confirm this is by visiting www.heavens-above.com and entering your location. It will tell you when satellites were/will be visible from that location, including Starlink.”
Starlink is a satellite network developed by SpaceX to provide internet to remote locations, launching since 2019.
“At this point, there are literally thousands of them in orbit. However, they are only visible in ‘trains’ shortly after they launch. They are first placed into a low orbit in a line when they are visible. Then, they are boosted to higher orbits where they are not visible to the unaided eye (and no longer so close to one another),” Anderson said. The satellites appear as a string of pearls or a train of bright lights.
Space.com reported a Starlink satellite has a lifespan of approximately five years and SpaceX eventually hopes to have as many as 42,000 satellites in orbit. As of July 2023, there are 4,519 Starlink satellites.
Anderson said “The link provided is probably one of the better ways to know when a Starlink train is visible. But SpaceX is launching them every few weeks, so it’s not difficult to see them if you know when to look.”
Recently, Starlink G7-10 launched successfully on Jan. 14 from Vandenberg Space Force Base in California. Another launch was Jan. 15 from Florida’s Cape Canaveral Space Force Station.
According to Heavens Above, satellites are only visible when they are lit by the sun, but the observer on the ground is already in darkness. They are normally only visible a few hours after sunset, or before sunrise.
The brightness of a spacecraft is influenced by several factors, including its size, orientation, reflectivity of its surfaces, distance from the observer, and the angle between the sun, spacecraft, and observer, reported the web site.
Your story lives in the Magic Valley, and our new mobile app is designed to make sure you don’t miss breaking news, the latest scores, the weather forecast and more. From easy navigation with the swipe of a finger to personalized content based on your preferences to customized text sizes, the Times-News app is built for you and your life. Don’t have the app? Download it today from the Apple App Store or Google Play Store.
Williams-Brackett
Q: Where was the cemetery near Salmon Dam, and how many were buried before they were moved to Twin Falls?
A: “Other than the two burials at Gray’s Landing, I do not know of a cemetery at Salmon Dam,” said Karen Quinton, local author and historian.
“Thomas McBeth Gray and Mae Gray Wilson were both buried at the home place and moved at the time of the filling of the backwaters. They are buried in the Twin Falls Cemetery and have a marker indicating their place of burial.”
Gray’s Landing is located 10.3 miles south of Rogerson, off of U.S. Highway 93 on Salmon Falls Creek Reservoir.
Thomas MacBeth Gray was born about 1832 in Shelby County, Tennessee, and died June 15, 1900.
Gray arrived in Washington Territory in the late 1850s. He married Susan Adams in 1864, and they had 12 children. The Gray’s moved to Marsh Basin (Albion) around 1875 or 1876.
According to Life in the Saddle on the South Idaho Desert compiled and edited by Karen Quinton, Gray “was the first assessor of Cassia County and remained in the area until 1889, when he moved to Rock Creek.”
Thomas Gray “died at the ranch and was buried there. When the Salmon Dam was built his grave was moved to the Twin Falls Cemetery,” wrote Quinton.
Gray died of cancer.
Twin Falls Cemetery was established in 1906.
Thomas Gray’s daughter, May Susan Gray was born in December 1885. She married William J. Wilson, in Twin Falls on Oct. 26, 1907. May died June 3, 1909, when she was 24.
According to the Twin Falls Weekly News on June 4, 1909, “Mrs. Mary [sic] Wilson died at her home five miles above the Salmon river dam site, on Thursday, June 3. Mrs. Wilson was a daughter of Mrs. Gray of Rock Creek…Temporary interment will be at the residence. Later the body will be brought to the Twin Falls cemetery.”
Salmon Dam was built in 1910 to provide water for irrigation to farms.
The Twin Falls News reported on Dec. 6, 1910, “Alex Gray returned yesterday from Salmon river, where he had been to have the remains of his father, T.M. Gray, and his sister May, removed to the Twin Falls Cemetery. T.M. Gray was buried 10 years ago on his home ranch and his daughter, later. Owing to the fact that the ranch will soon be submerged, they were removed.”
The Gray home site is under the backwater of the Salmon Dam, Quinton reported.
Your story lives in the Magic Valley, and our new mobile app is designed to make sure you don’t miss breaking news, the latest scores, the weather forecast and more. From easy navigation with the swipe of a finger to personalized content based on your preferences to customized text sizes, the Times-News app is built for you and your life. Don’t have the app? Download it today from the Apple App Store or Google Play Store.
Williams-Brackett
Q: Why is the Salmon River called that if there’s no salmon in it?
A: “The river was named for the salmon found in it,” said Ashley Haycock, Twin Falls County Historical Society museum administrator.
“The book Idaho Place Names by Lalia Boone and other sources talk about William Clark originally naming the river Lewis River in 1805 because they believed Meriweather Lewis to be the ‘first white man to visit its waters,’” Haycock said. “It was also called the ‘River of No Return’ since you could float or row downstream but not upstream but was finally named Salmon River for the bounty of salmon in the waters. Several Native American tribes lived near the river to harvest the salmon.”
“The Salmon River from the North Fork to Long Tom Bar hosts four federally listed fish species and provides designated critical habitat for Snake River sockeye and Snake River spring/summer chinook (salmon). It is a key area for the survival and recovery of federally listed salmon, steelhead, and bull trout. In terms of habitat, this reach is an important migratory route for salmon…,” the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System website says.
“At one time Idaho had some of the most abundant salmon runs but the numbers have decreased dramatically from the early days of the area. The U.S. Geological Survey cites logging, dams, overfishing, weather, pollution, and disease as the cause for decline in salmon,” Haycock said.
“The Salmon River is the longest river in the contiguous U.S. that is completely contained with the boundaries of one state,” wrote author Boone.
Your story lives in the Magic Valley, and our new mobile app is designed to make sure you don’t miss breaking news, the latest scores, the weather forecast and more. From easy navigation with the swipe of a finger to personalized content based on your preferences to customized text sizes, the Times-News app is built for you and your life. Don’t have the app? Download it today from the Apple App Store or Google Play Store.
Q: How was the Gem Prep school approved to build across from the Twin Falls Gun Club on Federation Road? I thought guns weren't allowed 1,000 feet from school property.
A: “The reality is schools are located within 1,000 feet of firearms all the time,” said Josh Palmer, spokesman for the city of Twin Falls. “The law as it was passed under the ‘Gun Free Schools Act of 1990,’ excludes the possession of firearms on private property. The Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives also has a guide to the law which can be found at atf.gov, which again specifically excludes possession of firearms on private property that is not part of the school grounds. So businesses, homeowners, etc. can have guns even while being immediately next to a school.”
According to Congress.gov, the 101st Congress summarized H.R. 3757 Gun-Free School Zones Act of 1990 – “Amends the Federal criminal code to impose criminal penalties for the possession or discharge of a firearm in a public elementary or secondary school zone, with exceptions for licensed or authorized individuals or programs.”
The ATF’s Gun Free School Zone Notice reports once a customer leaves private property located within 1,000 feet of a school with a firearm, they may be in violation of federal law. However, in the following situations an individual would not be possessing a firearm in violation of the Gun Control Act of 1968 922(q)(1):
The Twin Falls Gun Club was established in 1920.
Williams-Brackett
Your story lives in the Magic Valley, and our new mobile app is designed to make sure you don’t miss breaking news, the latest scores, the weather forecast and more. From easy navigation with the swipe of a finger to personalized content based on your preferences to customized text sizes, the Times-News app is built for you and your life. Don’t have the app? Download it today from the Apple App Store or Google Play Store.
Q: Why is gas 35 cents cheaper on average in Buhl than it is in Twin Falls?
A: “Fuel prices are always highly volatile, competitive and fluctuate geographically based on supply and demand,” said Troy Willie, with Oasis Stop ‘N Go. “Metro areas can vary from rural areas based on this demand and competitive factors.”
According to GasBuddy, as of Monday, the three gas stations with the cheapest fuel prices were all in Buhl at $3.19 a gallon. Two of the three gas stations were Oasis Stop ‘N Go. Costco, Walmart, Maverik, and the Flying J in Jerome were listed in the top 10.
“Per the AAA, the current Twin Falls unleaded average sits at $3.383 versus statewide average of $3.445. Twin Falls retail fuel prices are down about 35 cents a gallon from a month ago and 61 cents a gallon from a year ago,” said Willie.
According to AAA, the national average is $3.153. More than half of all U.S. fuel locations have gasoline below $3 per gallon. However, Idaho, along with Washington, Oregon, California, Nevada, Alaska, and Hawaii, have the highest national retail prices in the west.
The highest recorded average price for Idaho was $5.252 for regular unleaded on July 1, 2022, and $5.886 for diesel on June 26, 2022.
AAA reported recently “The main reason is a weaker cost for oil, which is struggling to stay above $70 per barrel. The falling price comes just a week after OPEC+ announced voluntary production cuts of about 2 million barrels daily.”
The corporate office of the Phillips 66 in Buhl did not respond to requests for comment.
Willie said, “We are thrilled to see fuel prices declining as that is welcome relief for all, both consumers and retailers. We are hopeful that and believe this trend will continue, at least in the short term.”
“There are 28 Oasis Stop ‘N Go locations in southern and central Idaho. In that same operating area, there are over 120 fuel retailers,” said Willie.
Williams-Brackett
Your story lives in the Magic Valley, and our new mobile app is designed to make sure you don’t miss breaking news, the latest scores, the weather forecast and more. From easy navigation with the swipe of a finger to personalized content based on your preferences to customized text sizes, the Times-News app is built for you and your life. Don’t have the app? Download it today from the Apple App Store or Google Play Store.
Q: How did Carey get its name?
A: “The first post office was operated by James Carey, one of the earliest valley settlers. It came to be known as the Carey Post Office by locals and government officials alike. As a result, as it grew, the town came to be called Carey,” according to the city of Carey’s website.
The website also reported it was founded in March 1883 by pioneers of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
James Carey was born in Delowa, Wisconsin, on April 18, 1852. He married Sarah Elizabeth Henderson of Utah about 1884 in Idaho. They were the parents of four sons and four daughters. Carey died in Carey on Sept. 26, 1909, at the age of 57. He is buried in the Carey Cemetery.
According to Find a Grave, there isn’t a marker for Carey’s grave. James’ wife Sarah purchased four plots.
According to Idaho Place Names: A Geographical Dictionary by Lalia Boone, “In the central part of the county, on the Little Wood River, 35 miles west of Craters of the Moon; an agricultural area. Town established in 1884.”
It continued, “Named for the first postmaster, James Carey.”
James Carey was born in Delowa, Wisconsin, on April 18, 1852. He married Sarah Elizabeth Henderson of Utah about 1884 in Idaho. They were the parents of four sons and four daughters. Carey died in Carey on Sept. 26, 1909, at the age of 57.
“James Carey played the violin and was on his way to San Francisco to play in an orchestra. He was also looking for an older brother that had left home five years earlier. He married and ran a farm; the farming ruined his hands, and he couldn’t play the violin anymore,” reported the memorial on Find A Grave.
It continued, “He worked as a freighter and was one of the first of several settlers that came into the Little Wood River Valley, he is known for having the first Post Office appointed U.S. Postmaster 9 May 1884 and the town derives its name from him.”
“The first Post Office and the first schoolhouse in the Little Wood River Valley were situated on James Carey’s land,” according to the memorial.
“Water rights in the Little Wood River were in his name 15 May 1884, he received a U.S. Land Patent for 160 acres 12 April 1891. ‘James would have taken up more ground, but he kept expecting to go on to California.’”
Williams-Brackett
Your story lives in the Magic Valley, and our new mobile app is designed to make sure you don’t miss breaking news, the latest scores, the weather forecast and more. From easy navigation with the swipe of a finger to personalized content based on your preferences to customized text sizes, the Times-News app is built for you and your life. Don’t have the app? Download it today from the Apple App Store or Google Play Store.
Have a question? Just ask and we’ll find an answer for you. Email your question to Kimberly Williams-Brackett at timesnewscuriousmind@gmail.com with “Curious Mind” in the subject line.
Your story lives in the Magic Valley, and our new mobile app is designed to make sure you don’t miss breaking news, the latest scores, the weather forecast and more. From easy navigation with the swipe of a finger to personalized content based on your preferences to customized text sizes, the Times-News app is built for you and your life. Don’t have the app? Download it today from the Apple App Store or Google Play Store.
Get opinion pieces, letters and editorials sent directly to your inbox weekly!
CURIOUS MIND COLUMNIST
Progress was made this year across a wide range of issues and we made historic investments, starting with giving more money back to our citizens.
CURIOUS MIND: What is the highway district doing on 4100 North/Pole Line Road to Buhl?
JONES: The Legislature was warned of constitutional problems with HB 93 to subsidize private education to the tune of $50 million in the first year.
STAPILUS: Between Boise and Mountain Home, there’s mostly open landscape. But that may be about to change.
JONES: A win by Russia in Ukraine would lead to an attack on our NATO partners, requiring the U.S. to respond. It doesn't get more serious than that.
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Sign up with
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Sign in with
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.