Watch Kelly Clarkson take on Post Malone's hit, 'Chemical,' during her talk show's popular Kellyoke segment.

													By
												

	Rania Aniftos


	Kelly Clarkson has proved once again that she can truly sing anything.

	The superstar opened her eponymous talk show on Tuesday (April 30) with a cover of Post Malone’s “Chemical.” Dressed in a Grateful Dead tee, a red maxi skirt and a sleek ponytail, Clarkson effortlessly hit the chorus’ high notes, backed by her instrumentalists, whom she affectionately calls My Band Y’All.

	“Outside of the party, smokin’ in the car with you/ Seven Nation Army, fightin’ at the bar with you/ Tell you that I’m sorry, tell me what I gotta do/ ‘Cause I can’t let go, it’s chemical,” she sings on the track, which was featured on Post’s 2023 self-titled album, Austin.





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Mase Wants Fans to Vote If He Should Attend Diddy's Trial		
	



	05/02/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Kelly Clarkson		
					






















	
		
					Post Malone		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	Post Malone took the stage with Morgan Wallen when the latter headlined Stagecoach on Sunday night (April 28), and the duo performed a new song called “I Had Some Help.” Post previously teased the uptempo track on social media, highlighting lyrics such as “I had some help/ It ain’t like I can make this kind of mess all by myself/ Don’t act like you ain’t help me pull that bottle off the shelf … they say teamwork makes the dream work.”

	










	Wallen and Malone have yet to reveal a release date for the collaboration. In the meantime, watch Kelly Clarkson perform Post Malone’s “Chemical” below.




			Trending on Billboard		





Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.