In the run-up to Hurricane Francine, the Margaret Orr “saint candle” at the Fleurty Girl shop on Metairie Road easily outsold the candle depicting Weather Channel meteorologist and storm chaser Jim Cantore.
Fond of broadcasting from whatever community is expected to suffer a hurricane's most severe impact, Cantore’s arrival is generally perceived as an omen of impending doom.
By contrast, the beloved Orr, who retired in March following four-plus decades at WDSU-TV, is identified on her candle as New Orleans’ “Patron Saint of Good Weather."
Fleurty Girl manager Contessa Hutton isn’t surprised that Orr’s candle was more popular than Cantore’s.
“We needed him to stay away,” Hutton said. “We needed Margaret Orr to come and talk to us. We needed her to come explain some things.”
Contessa Hutton, manager of the Fleurty Girl store on Metairie Road, poses with a Margaret Orr "saint candle" on Thursday, Sept. 19, 2024. 
In a city under year-round threat from extreme weather — street-swamping rain, sizzling heat and humidity, hurricanes, tornadoes — meteorologists occupy an outsize role on the local media landscape.
The list begins with the pioneering Nash Roberts, who studiously tracked hurricanes on WWL-TV for decades with his trusty felt-tip marker and telescoping pointer, and is still discussed in reverent tones.
In Roberts' wake, a litany of prominent weathercasters have come and gone: Bob Breck. Dave Barnes. Dan Milham. Carl Arredondo. Kweilyn Murphy. David Bernard.
Orr, with her trademark red hair and outgoing, utterly unselfconscious demeanor, achieved a level of cultural relevance that went well beyond weather. Francine was the first hurricane to impact New Orleans since her retirement. 
In the post-Orr era, it’s not clear who will become New Orleans’ next weather icon. For many locals, her absence was keenly felt during Francine.
“I remember Nash, but I really grew up with Margaret,” Hutton said. “She’s really one of a kind.”
The comings and goings of TV personalities from the four local broadcast networks are in themselves big news, inevitably generating much chatter.
As part of a salute to retiring WDSU-TV meteorologist Damon Singleton, left, he's joined by retired chief meteorologist Margaret Orr, his wife Dr. Tami Singleton and former WDSU reporter Heath Allen during the New Orleans NBC affiliate's noon newscast on Friday, August 23, 2024.
The latest example? The August departure of WDSU’s Damon Singleton, who, at 62, opted to retire after not being named Orr’s replacement as chief meteorologist. WDSU has yet appoint a new chief meteorologist; general manager Mike Neelly did not respond to queries about the station’s plans.
Over the past five years, several other high-profile local meteorologists have signed off for personal or professional reasons. Carl Arredondo was a WWL Louisiana staple from 1991 until 2019, when a degenerative eye disorder forced him into retirement. Murphy, a popular and personable presence on WDSU, left in 2021 for a broadcasting job in North Carolina.
Bernard, a 30-year TV veteran who shifted from WWL to Fox 8 following a stint in Miami, quit the TV business in 2022 to earn a master’s degree in social work and become a therapist.
Dominic Massa, WYES-TV’s executive vice president and chief operating officer, a former WWL Louisiana executive producer and the author of “New Orleans Television,” grew up watching Roberts and worked with Barnes and Bernard.
Nash Roberts at the WWL-TV studios, in April 1982. (G. Andrew Boyd/The Times-Picayune archive)
“New Orleans has certainly had some larger than life weather personalities,” Massa said. “Nash set the gold standard. The value of a strong meteorologist really can’t be overstated. It’s what sets a good station apart and makes a great station even stronger.
“As the media landscape expands and there are so many choices, more and more it’s what viewers rely on local TV news for," he added. "News directors and general managers know its vital importance.”
There is no one way to be a successful meteorologist, and the current local slate — a mix of veterans and relative newcomers, New Orleans natives and transplants — have varying degrees of technical knowledge, experience and personality.
Fox 8 Meteorologist Bruce Katz in September 2024.
Fox 8's Bruce Katz, an Ecole Classique graduate, spent nearly 17 years as chief meteorologist at WGNO before switching stations in late 2012. He became Fox8's chief meteorologist after Bernard’s departure in 2022 and ranks among the city’s longest-tenured TV weather personalities. He's joined by Nicondra Norwood, a Gramercy native who has been on the New Orleans airwaves since 2007.
WWL Louisiana chief meteorologist Chris Franklin, a Brother Martin High School graduate, first turned up on the air in his hometown in 2005 at Fox 8. He landed at WWL in 2016, then became chief meteorologist following Arredondo’s retirement.
He leads a team that includes meticulously styled WWL morning show meteorologist Payton Malone, who joined the station in 2019, and Alexandra Cranford, the "best weathercast" winner at the recent Press Club of New Orleans Awards, who went on maternity leave Sept. 4. 
WWL Meteorologist Chris Franklin in September 2024.
(WWL Louisiana has a reporting partnership with The Times-Picayune.)
WDSU’s Devon Lucie, who arrived in New Orleans following postings in Denver, Washington D.C., Kansas City and Las Vegas, presides over evening weathercasts with a smooth, polished patter.
At WGNO, chief meteorologist Hank Allen, a Georgia native who started at the station in 2007, leads a full-time weather team of three that includes Brantly Keiek and morning show meteorologist Carrigan Chauvin.
WGNO also deploys part-timer Scot Pilié as needed, including during Francine.
Pilié demonstrates how much social media and changing viewing habits have reshaped the media landscape in recent years. He originally joined WGNO’s morning show in 2019. After a detour to the Weather Channel in Atlanta, he returned to WGNO in May with a vast social media following, including more than 460,000 followers on TikTok, where he posts videos and weather briefings.
WDSU Meteorologist Devon Lucie in September 2024.
Twitter, TikTok, Instagram, Facebook and other social channels have changed how New Orleanians get weather updates, even as tropical storms approach. Breck took to Facebook and his blogspot this week to caution against premature hysteria over unformed systems. 
"Over my 50 years of tracking tropical weather, lots has changed, mainly technology," Breck wrote. "Where we once might have one model that was restricted from public view, now we get many model runs that anyone can follow every six hours. What I have learned is computer models don't do well with final landfall location BEFORE something actually forms."
Social media followers aside, Orr is the only local meteorologist Fleurty Girl currently features on a “saint candle." (Years ago, Breck objected to his depiction on a candle, so it was removed from the store's inventory.)
Younger forecasters, Fleurty Girl inventory manager Allison Peralta believes, haven’t yet fully grown into the role.
With Orr, “you felt like you knew her personally, like Bob Breck,” said Peralta, who fondly recalls Breck removing his toupee on-air shortly before his retirement.
WGNO Meteorologist Hank Allen in September 2024.
No less an authority than Orr herself recognizes the role personality plays in building a following. A meteorologist “has to be likable and understandable,” she said Friday.
“A meteorologist can be brilliant, but if a person is not likable, people will not watch.”
During hurricanes, she aimed to be in the moment, analyzing radar and satellite information in real time on the air.
“Show the public. Let them see and understand what is happening,” she said of her strategy. “Sometimes I find meteorologists are so caught up in their programmed graphics that they are missing what is happening.”
She generally enjoyed working during storms: “It’s when we have no time restraints and can truly tell the weather story.”
Orr may have retired from TV, but not from the weather. Like Pilié, Breck and Bernard, she still shares forecast data online.
But she didn’t miss being at the TV station during Francine.
“Mainly I was glad to not be there from 11 p.m. to 1 a.m.,” she said. “It’s much easier to tweet from bed in my PJs.”
Meanwhile, Hutton, the Fleurty Girl manager, hasn't settled on a new go-to forecaster.
"I have no idea of their names," she said. "I get my weather from Google now." 
Email Keith Spera at kspera@theadvocate.com.
News Tips:nolanewstips@theadvocate.com
Other questions:subscriberservices@theadvocate.com
Need help? 
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: