Photo: Getty Images
Post Malone made a surprise appearance at the 17th ACM Honors for Lainey Wilson.
Wilson marked a historic victory when she won Entertainer of the Year a the 2024 ACM Awards earlier this year at the world headquarters of the Dallas Cowboys at The Ford Center at The Star in Frisco, Texas. Wilson’s win also meant she scored the coveted Triple Crown Award, a rare honor that an artist qualifies for only after winning New Artist of the Year (Male, Female or Duo/Group), Artist of the Year (Male, Female or Duo/Group), and Entertainer of the Year throughout their career. Wilson “is the first woman to achieve the ACM Triple Crown Award in three years,” according to the Academy of Country Music. PRevious winners include Chris Stapleton, Miranda Lambert, Jason Aldean, Brooks & Dunn, Kenny Chesney, Mickey Gilley, Merle Haggard, Barbara Mandrell, and Carrie Underwood.
The Whirlwind hitmaker also took home the Milestone Award, which is “presented to a Country Music artist, duo/group or industry leader for a specific, unprecedented or outstanding achievement in the field of Country Music during the preceding calendar year,” the Academy of Country Music states. Previous winners include Kelsea Ballerini, Garth Brooks, Kenny Chesney, Luke Combs, Merle Haggard, Loretta Lynn, Willie Nelson, George Strait and more.
Post Malone surprised the crowd when he appeared on the historic stage at the Ryman Auditorium in Downtown Nashville, Tennessee. The show took place last month and aired on Tuesday evening (September 24), following the release of Post Malone’s highly-anticipated country album. F-1 Trillion included several collaborations with country artists, including Wilson on “Nosedive.”
“Surprise! Where’s Lainey at?” Post said as he arrived on stage. “Lainey, I had to be here tonight for your big night. I’m so happy to present the ACM Milestone Award and the ACM Tripe Crown Award to the one and only, absolutely stunning, Lainey — I’m not gonna cuss — Wilson.”
Wilson joined the F-1 Trillion star on the Ryman stage, and reflected on her journey in Nashville:
Wilson was one of many honorees throughout the evening, alongside Tony Brown, Trisha Yearwood, Shannon Sanders, Luke Bryan, Walt Aldridge, Alan Jackson, Chris Stapleton and Jessie Jo Dillon. Performers included Terri Clark — who performed “Hang Tight Honey” in Wilson’s honor — Eric Church, Vince Gill, Emmylou Harris, Tyler Hubbard, Jamey Johnson, Ashley McBryde, Keith Urban and others. It was all hosted by Jordan Davis and Carly Pearce.