Shameless actress Tina Malone has said she's feeling "overwhelmed" with the outpouring of support and kind messages she's received following the tragic passing of her husband, Paul.
The 61-year-old star, known for her roles in popular dramas like Brookside and Shameless, wrote a heartfelt note to her fans thanking them for their overwhelming show of support, reports the Mirror.
She posted on X: "I am totally overwhelmed at the cards, flowers, messages, calls, txts, emails iV received from friends, family, colleagues, Paul's army brothers, it's a great comfort for us,I will reply to everyone soon as I am able to, the support and kindness on here to has deeply touched me too xx."
Upon reading her post, one fan responded: "Tina, I am so sorry for your loss. Myself and a friend @clairelilly have suffered similar losses in 2019/2020 when our kids fathers died from military related PTSD. You aren't alone, we will be here for you should you want some support. Sending love."
Another person commented: "I have only just learned of your sad loss . I am so sorry for your devastating loss . Sending support strength and hugs from Scotland."
A third added: "Sending so much love Tina."
Last Wednesday, Tina announced that Paul had passed away earlier that day at the age of 42.
In a touching and emotional post, she told fans: "It's with total heartbreak I write this my husband Paul Chase Malone passed away this morning we are totally devastated."
In the last photos of Tina and her husband, they looked very happy celebrating their 13th wedding anniversary. They were seen hugging each other outside a hotel in Liverpool. These photos were taken in August last year. It showed that even though they had some tough times, they were loving each other again.
After Tina told everyone about Paul passing away, lots of people sent kind words. Someone wrote: "Oh no so very sorry for your loss and my condolences to you and yours."
Another person said: "I'm so sorry for your loss Tina. I don't know you or the man you clearly loved with all your heart, but my heart breaks for you as I can only imagine how truly devastating it would feel if the man I love with all my heart passed away as he inevitably will."
Tina and Paul got married in 2010 and had their first child, Flame Chase, three years later. Tina was 50 when she became pregnant in 2013.
They split up after nine years of marriage, even though they had been together for 11 years. But then, in February 2020, they shared the happy news that they were back together.
After being on Shameless, Tina was on Celebrity Big Brother in 2009. She also played Elaine McDermott in a show called Clink in 2019.
Get the latest news sent straight to your messages by joining our WhatsApp community today.
You'll receive daily updates on breaking news as well as the top headlines across Scotland.
No one will be able to see who is signed up and no one can send messages except the Daily Record team.
All you have to do is click here if you're on mobile, select 'Join Community' and you're in!
If you're on a desktop, simply scan the QR code above with your phone and click 'Join Community'.
We also treat our community members to special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners. If you don’t like our community, you can check out any time you like.
To leave our community click on the name at the top of your screen and choose 'exit group'.
If you’re curious, you can read our Privacy Notice.
Get the latest celebrity gossip and telly news sent straight to your inbox. Sign up to our daily Showbiz newsletter here.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.