A woman shed an incredible 8 stone after swapping her student diet of turkey dinosaurs and binge drinking for fakeaways and gym sessions. Olivia Malone is unrecognisable after transforming her life and dropping from a size 24 down to a size 10.
The 26-year-old had tried fad diets over the years with no success and, like many others, gained weight while at uni thanks to a diet of meal deals and takeaways as well boozing several nights a week.
Olivia's unhealthy habits while studying for her undergraduate degree in Huddersfield and her post-grad in her home city of Salford led to her weight spiralling. During the first Covid lockdown in 2020, a pal bought Olivia some scales and she realised something had to change, Manchester Evening News reports.
Despite knowing she had gained weight in recent years, she was "stunned" to see 17st 7lb flash up when weighing herself and decided it was time to transform her lifestyle.
Olivia said: "Ever since high school I'd done every fad diet going but I never stuck to them. I was always big as a younger girl, but when I went to university it got even worse. I wasn't cooking properly, it was a case of noodles, turkey dinosaurs and smiley faces.
"We'd order takeaways from the local pizza place or Chinese - it's just what we'd do at university. We'd also be out three or four nights a week and I'd drink anything and everything, as you do at uni."
The graduate got a job that required her to be more active and decided to educate herself about nutrition so that she could make tasty meals that weren't anywhere near as calorific as her old diet - and she saw instant results.
Olivia said: "I followed an exercise influencer on Instagram called Courtney Black, I would follow her religiously for her workouts, and then it was all about teaching myself a healthy relationship with food.
"I'd switch out things for lower calories. By counting calories, I would find out what my calories needed to be, and stick to it religiously. I was so strict at the beginning and I was losing a stone a month for the first three to four months."
Olivia started making 'fakeaways' - healthy versions of her favourite high-calorie meals that she used to gorge on at uni - which she says taste "a lot nicer" and mean she doesn't miss her old takeaways.
As she lost weight, Olivia realised she had more energy and decided to start running, using the Couch to 5k app. She admitted that she "couldn't run at all" when she started but soon completed the programme, went on to run her first half-marathon in 2023, and is now at the gym five nights a week, either running or weight training.
Olivia smashed her weight target of 10st 1lb - which put her in the healthy BMI category for her height of 5ft 2in - in early 2022 and, weighing in at just over 9st now, she has dropped more than 8st since making the change during lockdown.
She now has a newfound love for fashion, increased confidence, and much more energy. Olivia says her loved ones are so proud of her for deciding to make a change and sticking to it, with her mum as her "biggest fan" and friends unable to recognise her old Facebook pictures.
Olivia said: "I am really proud of myself, I know it sounds big headed but I am. I did all this by myself. When it comes to advice I do say there's no magic, there's no secret - it's get off your bum and move around a bit, and eat less calories."
Get the latest news sent straight to your messages by joining our WhatsApp community today.
You'll receive daily updates on breaking news as well as the top headlines across Scotland.
No one will be able to see who is signed up and no one can send messages except the Daily Record team.
All you have to do is click here if you're on mobile, select 'Join Community' and you're in!
If you're on a desktop, simply scan the QR code above with your phone and click 'Join Community'.
We also treat our community members to special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners. If you don’t like our community, you can check out any time you like.
To leave our community click on the name at the top of your screen and choose 'exit group'.
If you’re curious, you can read our Privacy Notice.
Breakfast
Toast and sugary energy drinks
Lunch
Meal deals - and then getting things from the canteen like chips
Dinner
Takeaways - Chinese, local pizzas
Snacks
Crisps
Drinks
"Anything and everything" four nights a week
Breakfast
2 crushed weetabix, almond milk, protein pudding
Lunch
Minced meat with salad - with my own "Big Mac sauce" (all homemade) or salmon and cous cous
Dinner
Fakeaways like chicken burger with lettuce and low fat mayo, or salt and pepper chips with peppers, onions and spices.
Snacks
Protein bar
Drinks
Occasional vodka or prosecco if out with friends
Don't miss the latest news from around Scotland and beyond. Sign up to our daily newsletter .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.