We'd call it a hidden gem, but it's such a popular place to see a show that it's anything but hidden.
Concerts hit different when they happen in Bangor, Maine, at Maine Savings Amphitheater. The lighting, the sound, being completely outdoors, jumping up and down next to strangers screaming the lyrics to your favorite songs from your favorite artists?
Absolutely undefeated.
But speaking of concerts hitting different, we're getting an entirely different version of Post Malone in Bangor this fall.
When Post Malone announced his F-1 Trillion Tour on Tuesday, June 25, 2024, which coincides with the release of his debut country album, also titled F-1 Trillion (which drops on Friday, August 16, 2024), Northern New Englanders noticed one date in particular that stood out.
Monday, September 16, 2024. Maine Savings Amphitheater. Bangor, Maine.
They also noticed a little something different in the graphic that was posted. More specifically, a phrase that was presented front and center.
A COLLECTION OF COUNTRY SONGS.
Posty has been to Maine before and has a ton of success in music already, with smashes like White Iverson, Psycho, rockstar, Better Now, and a ton more.
But Post Malone putting on a country show? How does Maine really feel about that? Look no further than some of the comments floating around on social media.
'Idk how you pull this off but I’m so hyped.'
'I’m excited for every version of post.'
'AM I LIVING A DREAM?!?'
'Holy hellllll, yesssssss!!!!!'
'our dream has come true!!!'
'I will put myself in debt so fast to see this man!!'
Needless to say, those are just some of the 600+ comments from Mainers absolutely hyped to see Post Malone dabble into country and hit a homerun at a venue that's proven to be an absolute hot spot for country shows.
Need proof? Look no further than Kenny Chesney, Parker McCollum, Dan + Shay, Chris Stapleton, and more all making sure their tours rolled through Bangor. There's a reason.
No doubt this Posty show at the Amphitheater sells out, so snag tickets on Monday, July 1, at 10a so you don't reek of all the FOMO.
Gallery Credit: Sean McKenna