Post Malone has announced the official title of his upcoming country album, which he has been working on for several months.
Posty announced the album's title on his Instagram to his over 25 million followers. He captioned a photo of a billboard containing the album title, "F-1 Trillion August 16th."
Many of Malone's fans reacted to the post, including one who wrote, "Posty is having the best year." Another fan commented, "Trillion-dollar babies!" One more fan said, "Should've been grapevine cowboy."
Details are still out on the official track list of the new album or how many songs it will include, but so far, we know these songs and country superstar collaborations are on the project.
Malone's duet with Morgan Wallen, "I Had Some Help," is in the top five charts this week at number two on the Mediabase Country chart. A month ago, Posty and Morgan released a video of the song together, which takes place in a bar and on the back of a pickup truck.
RELATED: Post Malone Teases New Country Collab With Blake Shelton
Blake Shelton popped up at CMA Fest for a Nissan Stadium set a few weeks ago on Thursday (6/6), the first night of the big stage shows, after Thomas Rhett's set for a surprise performance for fans. The surprises didn't stop coming as Blake welcomed his new duet partner and buddy Post Malone to the stage, where the two performed their collaboration, "Somebody Pour Me A Drink."
Blake posted some images of himself, Malone, and his wife, Gwen Stefani, on his Instagram. He captioned the post to his nearly seven million Instagram followers, "Welcome to country music @postmalone!!!!!"
His fans were thrilled with the post, one wrote, "Iconic duo for sure." Another fan commented, "Duo of the year !!!!!" One more fan said, "This is wonderful!"
See that post here. 
Malone also posted about the moment and shared a video clip of it on his Instagram. He wrote, "Pour me a drink @blakeshelton @cma."
Posty's fans reacted in droves. One fan commented, "Love this… keep up the amazing work." Another die-hard said, "Man!!! love your country music."
See Post Malone's post here. 

                    Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!