By Judi McLeod ——Bio and Archives--May 24, 2024
Cover Story |  CFP Comments | Reader Friendly | Subscribe | Email Us
Don’t believe the WEF’s latest political strategy that anti-human monster WEF head honcho Klaus Schwab is resigning from his post. Fully accommodated by the power-obsessed WEF, Schwab is merely going into hiding.
“Klaus Schwab is Stepping Down as WEF Chair in 2025. (Robert Malone MD, May 21, 2024)
Yeah, right.
The devil dresses in many different disguises, and so does the WEF.
Self-admitted Christ denier Yuval Noah Harari, is still there, so, too are committed members on the long list of all the WEF Young Leaders Graduates—including  world leaders such as Canada Prime Minister Justin Trudeau—who already ceded Canada’s sovereignty over to Schwab and Company.
As millions of Americans head into Memorial Day Weekend mode, something is going deadly wrong for a mostly unaware society.
The World Health Organization (WHO), which boasts as many as 194 member states, is set to engulf World health May-27 to June 1.
Days before the sudden Schwab resignation Announcement, this is what was taking place:
‘One Health: Climate Vaccines Are Coming For The Cattle, Then For Humans’(FrontLine News, May 19, 2024)
“Climate vaccine developer ArkeaBio has raised $26.5 million in Series A funding, the company announced last week. ArkeaBio aims to fight climate change by vaccinating livestock.(FrontLine News)
"A vaccine being developed by the company is designed to prevent animals from releasing methane emissions. Once vaccinated with the AkreaBio shot, an animal’s immune system is supposed to create antibodies that will target methane-producing microbes.
"The Boston-based startup secured its first major investment in late 2022 from Breakthrough Energy Ventures, an investment fund founded by billionaire Bill Gates.
“Our vaccination-based approach allows for much-needed decarbonization of global meat and dairy products across multiple geographies, supporting greater sustainability in agriculture,” the company explains on its website.
Add to all of this coming human misery that WHO is already actively working on development of a vaccine to counter “X Disease” soon to put the entire world in the next Lockdown.
You can’t make this stuff up.
Meanwhile, shouldn’t it be time to put all of the Climate/Vax Scam miscreants out to pasture, vax them all and wait to see who is left standing three years later.
Only God Almighty can save Humanity and awaits its most fervent prayers.
View Comments
Link, Bookmark, Share, Subscribe, Donate
Pursuant to Title 17 U.S.C. 107, other copyrighted work is provided for educational purposes, research, critical comment, or debate without profit or payment. If you wish to use copyrighted material from this site for your own purposes beyond the 'fair use' exception, you must obtain permission from the copyright owner. Views are those of authors and not necessarily those of Canada Free Press.
Content is Copyright 1997-2024--the individual authors | Site Copyright 1997-2024 Canada Free Press | Privacy Statement