Want to know more about Leuck & Howe Morning Show? Get their official bio, social pages &amp; articles on WLLR-FM!Full Bio
In case you missed it...
Jelly Roll has been a steadfast supporter of misguided youths who are spending time behind bars. Knowing very well what lives they've lived that led them to such a seemingly hopeless place, Jelly has vowed to do what he can to show these young people behind bars that there can be life - a successful life - when they get out. Last Tuesday Jelly helped break ground on Nashville’s new Youth Campus for Empowerment. JR is from nearby Antioch, Tennessee, and was incarcerated in the city's old facility, Davidson County Juvenile Justice Center, several times during his youth. "I celebrated my 14th, 15th, and 16th birthdays there," Jelly Roll said at the ceremony. "The only reason I wasn’t there at 17 was because I was charged as an adult.” He went on to say, "Get rid of stuff that makes you feel like a caged animal. Make these kids feel loved and give them a chance in life. A lot of these kids are victims of their circumstances. This is a really great chance to change things."
Post Malone isn't just dipping his toes in country waters - he's cannonballing right in. Posty performed over the weekend at Outside Lands Festival in San Francisco, and it was pure country - with Malone playing hits and future hits from his upcoming "F-1 Trillion" album, as well as pairing up with 90s/2000s country star David Lee Murphy, who came out on stage so the two could play Murphy's 1994 hit "Dust On The Bottle." And in case it slipped some fans' minds that Post had a new album coming Friday, he released another clip of one of the tracks on Instagram yesterday - this one not a collab, but solo Post Malone. See the David Lee Murphy/Post Malone performance - and check out a clip from Posty's "What Don't Belong To Me" - below...
Joe Walsh's eighth annual VetsAid lineup has been announced. The Eagles singer/guitarist has recruited Eric Church, Toto and Kool & The Gang for the benefit concert, which takes place November 11 at UBS Arena in Belmont Park, New York. In a statement, Walsh said, "VetsAid 2024 is all about family, friends and faith. I honor my wife’s family and their legacy of service in her home borough of Queens. I honor and thank my extraordinary friends Eric Church (the Chief!), Toto and Kool & the Gang. I honor our collective faith in the power of music to bring fans of diverse backgrounds together in celebration and our faith in the power of love to unite us all as Americans to support a population of veterans that has sacrificed so much and asked for so little in return." Tickets go on sale Friday, starting at $54.50, and all net proceeds will benefit various veterans’ services charities.