The brand's in-house perfumer talks to Cosmo about all things Barénia Eau de Parfum.  
 I still don’t own a Birkin bag (*continues manifesting*), but Hermès’s newest—and arguably its biggest—fragrance launch makes me smell and feel like I’m one fancy step closer. 
The debut of Barénia Eau de Parfum is being met with a level of fanfare that is worthy of its iconic inspiration. Barénia is, in fact, the name of the leather that’s used to create the French fashion house’s prized handbags, saddles, and accessories. The scent is Hermés’s first-ever chypre, which means it’s a trifecta of fresh, floral, and woody. So expect dreamy  patchouli, delicate butterfly lily, cocooning oakwood, and the ethereal presence of miracle berry.
“It is very elegant and has a certain sensuality, which is very Hermès,” House Parfumer Christine Nagel told Cosmo at a press launch event this week. 
Nagel is one of the most prolific perfumers in the game. Her nose is responsible for over 100 designer fragrances—many of which are probably in your personal fragrance collection (see: Jo Malone Wood Sage & Sea Salt, Narciso Rodriguez for Her, Miss Dior Cherie, and of course, Hermès Twilly, just to name a few). But it’s Barénia that she yearned to share with the world—and took eight years to create. Yes, eight! 
“The power of attraction this formula had on me, I only had it two times in my life. I can’t scientifically explain it—I just knew it was something good,” Nagel explained. Over the years whenever Nagel has had a moment between projects, she couldn’t stop thinking about this scent. “I was truly drawn in by this perfume.”
And now it’s poised to do the same for the masses. 
My first impression mirrored that feeling of attraction. To me, it smells like abundance, ease, impeccable style, and unf*ckwithable confidence—which I’m pretty sure Hermès would also cosign. 
The bottle also provides significant excitement because it’s a new shape and style for the brand. Designed by Philip Mouquet, it’s a very intentional (and very chic)  homage to the Hermès Collier de Chien bracelet. You know, the highly covetable cuffs adorned with oversized metal Medor studs. In this case, those studs—which were first inspired by dog collars—are placed at the top of the Barénia bottle, flanking the atomizer. It is sleek and sexy and will definitely look dope on any vanity.  
You’ll also want to note that the Barénia range not only includes the eau de perfum in three sizes, ranging in prices from $105 to $170, there’s also an incredibly rich body cream and luxe bar soap ($45)—a full sensorial experience just waiting to happen.
In a season where there’s a new designer fragrance launched every other day, allow this to be your sign to add Barénia to the top of your list.  
Julee Wilson is Beauty Editor at Large at Cosmopolitan. Previously, Julee was Beauty Director at Cosmo and Global Beauty Director at Essence and has held various editorial positions at Huffington Post and Real Simple. She counts herself lucky AF that she gets to play with beauty products for a living and tell dope stories. And if you’re as obsessed with beauty as she is, make sure to follow her on Instagram for plenty of product recs, natural hair inspo, skincare testing, and Black girl magic shenanigans.
15 Fruity Perfumes That Are Downright Delectable
Here Comes The ~Best-Smelling~ Bride
The Best Perfumes of All Damn Time (Yup, Really)
This $49 Perfume Smells Exactly Like Santal 33
A Definitive Ranking of The Best Glossier Perfumes
10 Bath & Body Works Scents That Smell Expensive
Chanel Just Dropped a New Perfume at Sephora
The Best Beauty Product for Your Zodiac Sign
Flower Lovers, Listen Up: You Need These Perfumes
Welcome to the Extrait Era (It's Strong Here)
Is the Most Famous Perfume in the World Good?
Every Spring Perfume Trend Worth Knowing About
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.