Schermerhorn Residential Holdings is seeking a Planned Unit Development approval from the Town of Moreau. During the regular town board’s July 23 meeting, a representative for Schermerhorn’s company presented a proposal for a 33-acre mixed use land development district, along U.S. Route 9 the Saratoga Olive Oil building. Schermerhorn plans to build multifamily buildings on the site with several acres of space reserved for C-1 commercial development. The town board sent the proposal to the town’s planning board. –Alex Portal
The Glens Falls Common Council will purchase wind screens for the pickleball courts at Crandall Park after the board approved an additional $4,034.37 at their meeting July 23. That spending combines with a $1500 donation from the Crandall Park Beautification Committee. –Nayanika Guha
LGA hires new Water Quality Research Manager
Buell
The Lake George Association has hired Elyce Buell, Ph.D. to be the Water Quality Research Manager. She brings a background in the area of water and nutrient management, that will add to our science-informed lake protection programs. This also marks a return to NY State for Elyce, who grew up in Skaneateles and until June was living in Colorado. She has worked as an invasive species monitoring steward in Skaneateles and as a wastewater engineer at GHD, Inc. in Cazenovia, NY. –Press release
A resident of Moreau learned that the town has no permitting or notification requirement for utility companies who wish to work on their lines adjacent to people’s homes. They are allowed to do the work in those rights-of-ways, but the resident grew angry at the unexpected work in her front yard. She brought the issue to the town board during its July 23 meeting where officials said they agreed that there should at least be a way to communicate with residents when a company plans to be active in their area and to remind them of the property lines and boundaries. –Post-Star staff report
“Plug-In Stations Online” will take over management and operation of the city’s electric vehicle charging stations, the Glens Falls Common Council decided on Tuesday July 23. The city owns and operates approximately 13 dual-port, level 2 “electric vehicle service equipment stations” at city-owned locations. Plug-In Stations Online, an installer and service provider for EVSE, will operate and maintain the stations in return for any revenue generated from them. The company has installed over 3,000 stations throughout the state. –Nayanika Guha
Bakers Falls Solar may move forward with their project to build a solar farm on the Moreau Industrial Park. Given the moratorium on development in Moreau’s industrial and manufacturing zones, the company was required to ask for a waiver. The request was approved after a review of the solar company’s application and a public hearing. –Post-Star staff report
Pioneer brings Siena president to board
Seifert
Pioneer Bancorp, Inc. in New York’s Capital Region, announced that its Board of Directors appointed Charles Seifert, Ph.D. to its Board of Directors. Seifert currently serves as president of Siena College. Prior to serving in that role, he has served as a faculty member at every rank, dean, and interim vice president for academic affairs for Siena. Seifert is also the founder of Siena’s Institute for Leadership Development and has steered numerous committees and task forces.
“Pioneer has an outstanding reputation in the Capital Region as a local financial institution that cares deeply about making a positive impact in the community,” said Dr. Seifert. “I look forward to working with my board colleagues and Pioneer’s leadership team to fulfill their mission.” –Press release
Over the last eight years, The Heart Network’s Creating Healthy Schools & Communities program in Franklin County, funded by the state Department of Health, has been working with the Malone Central School District to increase youth access to physical activity opportunities in school and community settings. They have brought the All Kids Bike program to the district, providing all kids — regardless of financial background or physical mobility — with the chance to bike.
“Walking and biking are among the most basic forms of lifelong physical activities,” said Arriana Patraw, project coordinator for the Heart Network’s program. All Kids Bike has made a profound impact at Malone CSD, where the national curriculum was added to the school’s physical education program at the start of the 2023-2024 school year. For more: allkidsbike.org. –Press release
Submit announcements to editors@poststar.com. We reserve the right to choose which items appear in the Local Digest and the right to edit for length, clarity or other issues. All locations are in New York, unless otherwise specified.
Get local news delivered to your inbox!
South Glens Falls woman killed in fatal Kingsbury vehicle crash
One dead in fatal motorcycle crash in Queensbury
Sheriff’s Office investigating Amish buggy crash in Jackson
Queensbury Union Free School District is mourning after the unexpected passing of long-time Queensbury Middle School counselor Michelle Sulliv…
The Queensbury Town Board has come out in opposition to Central Apothecary, an adult-use retail cannabis dispensary, from receiving a New York…
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Sign up with
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Sign in with
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.