AUSTIN, TEXAS – APRIL 25: Luke Combs performs onstage during the 2024 Mack, Jack & McConaughey Gala at ACL Live on April 25, 2024 in Austin, Texas. 
Luke Combs surprised fans today by announcing on social media that his new album is finished. And more surprisingly, it will be out next week. He wrote, "Excited to announce my new album Fathers & Sons will be out NEXT Friday, June 14... 'The Man He Sees in Me' is out now! I can’t wait for y’all to hear the full album next week and hope y’all love this project as much as I do." 
The tracklist is as follows: 
Combs is clearly combining two things that matter a lot to him: being an artist and being a dad. He recently released the song "The Man He Sees In Me." He shared the song on Instagram, along with a note to his sons. It read, "To my boys, First and foremost, I will always love you. No matter what. With this song, I want you to know that even though I'm not perfect, I try my hardest every day to be the best version of myself for you both."
He continued, "I'll make mistakes along the way, and sometimes you'll be sick of your old man, I'm sure, but dang, I will have some fun, too. I can't wait to see what you both will turn out to be like, and I hope someday, down the road, I get to watch you, and your kids do the same. Love, Dad."
Fans have been wondering if the Combs family will have more children. His wife was asked about this on her Instagram stories.  "No, it would be a bit hard in the two-bedroom house, but maybe when we move into the bigger house. Who knows?!"
Nicole Combs also touched on having her boys so close together. She offered, "There's way more pros than cons. It was by far harder being pregnant while taking care of an infant than having two under two. Let me tell you my surprise when I found out I was pregnant five months postpartum, though."
When asked about the hardest part of pregnancy, she wrote, "Not knowing when it's going to happen or how it's gonna go. I was oddly quiet and calm during both births. It's like you become so intuned with your body that you drown everything else out. Truly a wild experience both times."
She revealed of having an epidural before birth, "I tried to have one both times, but it didn't work for my second. Honestly, having a baby is tough enough you don't need to put that extra pressure on yourself. If you want to get it. get it."
As Luke Combs gets ready to celebrate his 34th birthday on Saturday (3/2), he's been in the recording studio in Nashville to work on his next album. Luke posted some photos from the studio to his Instagram.
He posted a photo of him singing lyrics from his iPhone into a microphone, wearing a black t-shirt that features a stack of cassettes from the 1980s and 1990s country. In more photos, he listens from the soundboard and sits back with his blue ball cap resting on his belly.
He captioned the post, "Good to be back in the studio today…"

A post shared by

Speaking of new Combs music, Post Malone posted a video of him jamming to his new collaboration with Luke on his Instagram.
In the video, Post is wearing a plaid brown coat and sitting on a chair with a cigarette in his hand, bobbing his head as the song plays. The lyrics include, "She's searching for someone whose gonna give it back, and I ain't got time for that." He captioned the post by tagging Luke.
Many of Post Malone's 25 million followers on Instagram liked the post, including Combs. Fans were mixed about Post Malone going country, with some begging him to stay in his lane. One fan commented on all the feedback, writing, "What you all want is irrelevant. What matters is what he wants to do." Another fan quipped, "This is country. Beyoncé can take notes."

A post shared by

Combs' music has been prominent since his Nashville debut in 2016, and so have his creative and fun music videos. Luke is gearing up for another big year with another headlining stadium tour in the U.S.. and more dates in Europe to play in 2024.
He's a powerhouse in country music these days, and to honor him, we look at five of his iconic music videos.
This music video was filmed partly at Luke and Nicole Combs' wedding in August of 2020. It is a touching video featuring a little girl and her grandpa and scenes from the Combs' wedding in Florida and their life together. The video shows both sides of the couple's parents and a lot of friends and fun. Toward the end of the video, the couple jumps into a pool hand in hand.
Luke held back for several months after he wrote it. When it came out, he said of the song, "Once we teased it, people's reaction was really awesome. I don't think we expected it to be that big."
This video has been viewed on YouTube 413 million times. The video features Combs encountering his ex-girlfriend and then driving, celebrating with his friends, getting a phone number from a waitress (played by his then-girlfriend, now wife Nicole Hocking). The couple later celebrate together over winning money on a lottery ticket.
In 2018, the video was nominated for Video of the Year at the 2018 CMT Music Awards. It lost out to be a Blake Shelton video.
A fantastic love song and one that Luke calls a prequel to his big hit "Forever After All." The song was actually a bonus track on his debut album, but it was later released as a single and went to number one. It made Combs the first artist to send his or her first five singles to number one since the inception of Nielsen SoundScan in January 1990.
The music video is of Luke recording the song in the recording studio and chatting with his buddies in the studio. He says before the music video begins, "Let's give the people what they want. This is the song they want."
This video is so much fun. It features Luke and Nicole as kids going to a skate rink and meeting. It's a bit personal to this journalist as I took both my son and daughter to birthday parties at that same South Nashville skating rink for years.
The clip also features a cameo of an adult Nicole. The video even features kid actors of each of the members of Combs' band, who perform with Luke the song in the same rink as the kids skate.
This is a big hit fans wait to hear at the very end of a Luke Combs concert. Luke co-wrote this fun song and performed the song on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon in May 2019. He also performed the song at the 2019 CMA Awards.
In the video, Combs performs in a small dive bar. It's similar to gigs he played early in his career, with just a handful of folks in the crowd.
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!