By
Clayton Edwards
Those who saw Dwight Yoakam at the Greek Theater in Los Angeles, California over the weekend got a big surprise. During the show, Yoakam welcomed Post Malone to the stage to join him for a handful of hits. The pair performed, “Guitars, Cadillacs,” “Fast As You” and more for the Los Angeles crowd.
Yoakam has been carrying the torch of the Bakersfield Sound for four decades. As a result, fans at his shows tend to be old. So, there’s a chance that a portion of the crowd didn’t realize what they were seeing. Those who are more familiar with Malone, his love for country music, and his forthcoming genre debut F-1 Trillion, we doubtlessly surprised to see him on the stage with Yoakam.
[RELATED: 4 of Post Malone’s Best Country Collaborations]
During his time on stage, Post Malone joined Yoakam for a handful of timeless hits. They performed “Little Ways,” “Guitars, Cadillacs, “Fast As You,” and “It Won’t Hurt.” Watch the video to catch all four timeless songs.
This isn’t the first time that Post Malone and Dwight Yoakam have performed together. The pair teamed up for a cover of “A Thousand Miles from Nowhere” on the Sirius XM show Dwight Yoakam & The Bakersfield Beat back in 2018. More recently, Yoakam was one of the many special guests who joined Malone during his Stagecoach set.
[RELATED: 4 Timeless Dwight Yoakam Songs to Keep Your Toes Tapping]
In 2021, Post Malone performed two country covers for Matthew McConaughey’s We’re Texas benefit show. He did Brad Paisley’s “I’m Gonna Miss Her” and Sturgill Simpson’s “You Can Have the Crown” during the event. Fans are still talking about those songs years later. Yoakam’s band backed him during the songs.
Recently, the tracklist of Post Malone’s upcoming country album leaked online. The album features 18 songs and 14 featured artists. Unfortunately, Dwight Yoakam isn’t among those on the album. Here’s a list of everyone slated to be on the album.
Featured Image by Jason Kempin/Getty Images
Only members can comment. Become a member. Already a member? Log in.
4 Songs with the Most Iconic Intros in Country Music
Watch Aerosmith’s Steven Tyler and Joe Perry Perform Together for the First Time in Two Years
Beyoncé Slapped With a Cease-And-Desist Over Tour Footage Involving the Las Vegas Sphere

			© 2025 American Songwriter			American Songwriter: a Savage Ventures Brand