Michael Malone has never shied away from being a straight shooter. Last year, the outspoken Nuggets coach blasted the media, the Lakers and everyone else for doubting his team's chances to win the NBA championship. 
This year, though, Malone has very little to brag about after his defending champion Nuggets were ousted in the second round by the Timberwolves on Sunday.
During his postgame presser, Malone was asked how his team allowed the Timberwolves to overcome a 20-point third-quarter deficit — a feat no team had achieved in a Game 7 in NBA playoffs history.
The question seemingly perturbed Malone, who snapped at a reporter for doing his job.
"Next question, man," Malone responded. "The season is over. That's what's hard. [Expletive] being up by 20. The season's over. You don't understand that. Stupid a— questions."
Malone's unsportsmanlike response did not sit well with ESPN analyst Kendrick Perkins.
Warning: NSFW
Classless https://t.co/UetwBsPljc
In fairness to Malone, he did not make any excuses for the Nuggets' stunning loss, conceding that his squad lost to "the better team." However, he cited fatigue as a reason for Denver's season-ending defeat.
"Unlike last season, we had to play our main guys through Game 82 to secure the No. 2 seed," Malone said. "Whereas last year, we were able to rest down the stretch. I think the run last season and the amount of minutes our starters had to play... I think mentally, emotionally and physically, they are gassed. They're dead tired. They gave me everything they had. That's why I can walk out of this building with my head held high."
Despite being the defending champions, the Nuggets were never viewed as the betting odds-on favorite this season, with teams such as the Celtics and Bucks (post Damian Lillard trade) favored over them at various points of the year. 
That said, they were always the overwhelming favorite to win their conference and represent the West in the NBA Finals. As such, it's fair to deem their 2023-24 season a failure. 
A veteran sportswriter based in Portugal, Sai covers the NBA for Yardbarker and a few local news outlets. He had the honor of covering sporting events across four different continents as a newspaper reporter. Some of his all-time favorite athletes include Mike Tyson, Larry Bird, Luís Figo, Ayrton Senna and Steffi Graf.
More must-reads:
Get the latest news and rumors, customized to your favorite sports and teams. Emailed daily. Always free!