Cocktail bar Margot is set to extend its footprint at Donegall Square
A popular Belfast cocktail bar is seeking planning permission from the council to extend its premises to include a new restaurant. 
Underground bar Margot opened in April 2019 after its current premises on 18 Donegall Square East were regenerated by Clover Group.
According to the planning application submitted to Belfast City Council, Clover Group is seeking permission to change the use of the premises next door in order to build an extension of Margot. 
The basement of that building was formerly a barbers, while the ground floor had been used as office space.
Documentation submitted with the applications states: “The proposal is for the refurbishment of the ground floor of both no 18 and no 19 and to create a new bar/restaurant facility with new lift access to the rear.” 
It follows an earlier successful application submitted by Clover Group in 2022 for the refurbishments to the vacant basement floor, which remains unimplemented. 
Both buildings are listed and the renovation plans promise to maintain the character of the buildings. 
The application added: “Historic features such as decorative cornices, ceiling roses and moulded timber details will be retained and refurbished ensuring the special interest of the building is conserved and enhanced.
“The refurbishment of the ground floor to nos.18 and 19 Donegall Square East will bring substantial benefits to the city centre by contributing to the economic regeneration of Belfast city centre and by refurbishing these important listed buildings into a high-quality restaurant/cafe.”
The Clover Group currently operates eight Belfast bars, including Henry’s & The Jailhouse and The Boneyard.
Last year White’s Tavern in Belfast city centre became the home of a Guinness-only bar after investment by the Clover Group. 
And in October following a £3m investment by the hospitality group, historic pub The Eglantine Inn on Malone Road reopened as The Post House.
Dickinson Fitzgerald Architects, which also worked on The Post House, is set to work on the extension of Margot. 
Weekly Business Digest
Margaret Canning's selection of business stories sent every Tuesday
Please check your inbox to verify your details