George Bouchard hopes to buy his daughter a car after claiming the $1 million grand prize in the Mass Millionaire Holiday Raffle New Year's Day drawing on Jan. 5, 2024.Mass. State Lottery
The winner of the Mass Millionaire Holiday Raffle grand prize claimed his money Friday and, in a way, won twice because he’s also in charge of the place that sold the ticket.
George Bouchard, of Weymouth, claimed the $1 million top prize in the Massachusetts State Lottery’s New Year’s Day Mass Millionaire Holiday Raffle, according to the lottery. He claimed it at Mass Lottery’s Dorchester headquarters Friday.
Bouchard’s winning raffle number was 0083128, although he did not pick the numbers, as they were assigned with the raffle ticket.
Bouchard told lottery officials he plans to buy a car for himself and his daughter because he wants “a nice, safe car for her and his grandchild.”
He bought the $10 ticket at American Legion Morrisette Post 294 in Quincy, where he is the post commander, the lottery said. The American Legion post gets a $10,000 bonus for selling the winning ticket. With that money, Bouchard told lottery officials he plans to help veterans.
Mass Millionaire Holiday Raffle tickets were on sale for $10 Oct. 16 through Dec. 31. The raffle worked like a traditional raffle where players do not choose their own numbers. Each ticket contained a unique number, according to lottery officials. A player’s ticket number had to exactly match one of the winning number sequences drawn to win one of the raffle’s prizes.
The New Year’s Day drawing was the culmination of a series of drawings that began on Friday, Oct. 20. On 11 consecutive Fridays, one $20,000 prize winner was chosen. Winners of the weekly $20,000 prizes remained eligible to win a prize in the New Year’s Day drawing.
Every 100th ticket sold across the state resulted in a $100 cash voucher printed after the raffle ticket. Tickets that won a $100 cash voucher also remained eligible for all remaining drawings, lottery officials said.
Bouchard had already won one of those $100 vouchers when he bought his $1 million winning ticket, the lottery said.
In addition to the $1 million prize drawing, several other big prizes were drawn New Year’s Day, most of which have been claimed. The lottery drew winning numbers for four $250,000 prizes and six $25,000 prizes.
Two of the four $250,000 prizes have been claimed.
Lisa Malone, of Springfield, “wasted no time collecting her winnings,” the lottery said, because she claimed her $250,000 prize in Dorchester the day after the drawing. Malone told lottery officials she just bought a house before Thanksgiving, so the money will help toward that.
Malone bought her winning ticket at Chapin East Variety Store in Ludlow, the lottery said, adding she bought an instant ticket there two years ago that won $50,000.
Alexandra Chapman, of Foxborough, claimed her $250,000 prize Jan. 4, the lottery said. She told lottery officials she bought the raffle ticket with a ginger ale on Dec. 30, the day before sales closed, at The Country Store in Foxborough. She told the lottery she plans on saving the money.
The unclaimed $250,000 winning tickets were sold at:
Four of the six $25,000 prizes were claimed, the lottery said.
Those four claimed tickets were sold at Stop & Shop, 660 Merrill Road in Pittsfield, Andrews Fruit & Produce in Fall River, Bruso’s Liquor Mart in Barre and Mass Lottery Customer Service in Dorchester, the lottery said.
The unclaimed $25,000 winning tickets were sold at:
Winners have one year from the date of the drawing — so Jan. 1, 2025 — to claim their prizes. Winners of the $250,000 prizes must claim them at Mass Lottery headquarters in Dorchester. The other prizes can be claimed in Dorchester or at regional centers in Braintree, Lawrence, New Bedford, West Springfield and Worcester.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices