It feels like Post Malone is set to drop a country music album (or EP) any day now. He has been teasing a return to his roots for quite some time and recently dropped the most tangible taste of what is to come.
Posty showed off his raw vocals by throwing a slick riff on a Garth Brooks classic!
The 28-year-old musician hopped in the studio, put on his thickest twang and belted out ‘Friends In Low Places.’ It started out in the original key but he ultimately bumped it up a few octaves to better suit her vocal range.
When Post Malone hit the “oasis” portion of the chorus, it was a great reminder that his autotune is just a tool. He can really sing!
think i’ll slip on down to the oasis:) #garthbrooks 
 ♬ original sound – Post Malone 
For those who don’t know, Austin Richard Post has a tremendous voice. Although his unique pop/rap sound has allowed him to skyrocket up the charts, the Texas-native (the Post family moved to Grapevine when he was nine) has roots in folk and country. A 10-year-old cover of Bob Dylan is a real treat!
There is real reason to believe that Post Malone is working on a mega country album, especially because he said so. He popped up at the CMA Awards last year to perform two Joe Diffie songs alongside Morgan Wallen and Hardy— which were later released on HIXTAPE: Vol 3.
Posty rocked out to some Sturgill Simpson back during the pandemic.
And he most recently teased an original track with Luke Combs.
A post shared by @postmalone
This is all in addition to what Post Malone has said about the idea of a country album in the past.
To be honest, there’s nothing stopping me from taking a camera or setting up in my studio in Utah and just recording a country album [to put] on YouTube. I’m allowed to do that. I’m a human being.
I split my time between a lot of different things because I am happily obligated to do concerts and show love to my fans and then I’m happily obligated to write music and make beats by myself, and I’m happily obligated to, you know, take care of my family. So, it’s a lot of time, and it’s about finding that space to allot that time. If I get another year to myself, maybe I’ll make a country album.
The greatest confirmation came back in November around the CMAs.
Country album is coming. I keep singing a song that we made while I was in Nashville, and it’s so f—– sick, but it’s not out. We made such sick music down in Nashville. It was so much, so much fun.
A release date hasn’t been announced, but a Post Malone country album is imminent!