Homegrown Player sales could become a lot more valuable.
Rumors have been circling since the offseason that big changes were coming to MLS roster rules. So far, there’s only bee nibbling around the edges with the most notable being when a player can receive their green card and have their status as an international changed. 
In recent weeks, The Athletic has reported that one of the bigger changes that had been rumored to come this last offseason – decoupling U22 roster spots from the use of Designated Player spots – may instead get implemented as early as this summer.
This week Sporting KC coach Peter Vermes hinted that even bigger changes could be afoot. He told a Kansas City radio show that new rules could allow teams far more flexibility in how they use their salary cap space.
While I like this idea – I’d love to see MLS decision-makers given more latitude with how they use their money – I looked into this and didn’t find anything that sounded like what Vermes was hinting at. I did, however, discover that there are some roster-rule changes being discussed that are pretty interesting.
Of those changes, the one that has the most potential to impact the Sounders is probably the increase in Allocation Money. As it currently stands, the incentive for teams to transfer players is mostly about cash. For a team that’s primarily focused in putting their money on the field, like the Sounders, it’s tough to justify moving a player who is contributing because they’ll likely need to spend more on that player’s replacement. But if the Allocation Money windfall is boosted to $2.5M or more, suddenly that’s a much nicer incentive and would be a massive advantage for teams who are able to regularly churn out Homegrown Players who can fetch significant transfer fees.
– Jeremiah Oshan
Saturday
1:00 pm PDT - Seattle Reign travel to Chicago Red Stars at SeatGeek Stadium in Bridgeview and on NWSL+
6:00 pm PDT - Spokane Velocity host Northern Colorado Hailstorm at  One Spokane Stadium and on ESPN+ and KSKN
7:05 pm PDT - Tacoma Stars host Empire Strykers at accesso ShoWare Center and on Twitch.tv
7:30 pm PDT - Seattle Sounders travel to San Jose Earthquakes at PayPal Park and on MLS Season Pass
Sunday
7:00 pm PDT - Tacoma Defiance host Colorado Rapids II at Starfire Stadium and on MLS Season Pass
After beating Ballard, Velocity will host LA Force of NISA in the Second Round of the US Open Cup. The winner will face a USL Championship squad. 
Meet the amateur team that beat the Timbers in the Open Cup this year.
Angelina Villalobos designed the kickass season ticket holder scarves for Sounders.
Google Deep Mind can tell coaches how to design set pieces.
The 99ers are being honored just before the current USWNT heads to Paris for the Olympics. The WNT will face Germany, Australia and one of Zambia/Morocco. The MNT are in the same group as hosts France.
The NWSL had solid numbers on ABC, but ION struggled. The good viewership numbers are part of why the NWSL is hot investment these days.
The Red Stars are hoping for a new story after the previous leadership issues.
Houston Dash fired keepers coach Matt Lampson. 
CBS Power Rankings have Reign #4.
More Fishlock talking, forever please.
Reign's post-Academy team is playing in the WPSL.
Meet the next stars of the women's game.
Former Sounders Academy player Blake Malone made the USL-1 Team of the Week.
The US government is backing the plaintiff in the anti-trust trial of FIFA and USSF. The soccer warz are back.


This newsletter was made possible through the support of Full Pull Wines, a boutique wines reseller that has been sponsoring us since 2011. You can join their mailing list here.