Digital Replica Edition
Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts
Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts
Digital Replica Edition

			Trending:		
Nikola Jokic knows close to nothing about college basketball, but even he fell in love with Cinderella this March.
After putting in a performance worthy of a third MVP award that coach Michael Malone believes is imminent, Jokic’s way to unwind on Easter Sunday was by watching North Carolina State upset Duke for a trip to the NCAA men’s Final Four.
If he was late to his postgame news conference, well, it’s because he was getting an education on his new favorite player.
“They were not supposed to make the tournament, right?” Jokic asked reporters.
Correct. That No. 11 seed he was watching wouldn’t have even been in the NCAA Tournament without winning five games in as many days to stunningly emerge from the ACC as a conference tournament champion.
Wearing a borderline giddy smile, Jokic shouted out DJ Burns Jr., the Wolfpack’s 6-foot-9, 275-pound center. There was about one minute left in the Elite Eight game as Jokic spoke, and Burns was wrapping up a 29-point outing to top his season-high and help North Carolina State win its ninth consecutive elimination game.
“I think he’s so skilled, especially lefty. I’d love to be lefty,” Jokic said. “And it seems like players, teammates like to play with him. So, gotta be a good guy.”
If that’s the barometer, then Jokic might be the nicest guy on the planet. He had just finished up a 26-point, 18-rebound, 16-assist game to lead the Denver Nuggets to a 130-101 blowout of the Cleveland Cavaliers. It was one of those Jokic games that left teammates grasping for new superlatives to use to describe him.
“He’s a supernova,” point guard Reggie Jackson said. “He’s the brightest star. Honestly, he’s the sun. Everything revolves around him.”
“It speaks to why he’s going to be a three-time MVP,” Malone said of Jokic’s performance against Cleveland’s stacked defensive frontcourt. “It speaks to his understanding that it’s not just about Nikola. And that’s what I love about him probably more than anything, is how selfless he is. It’s not about him getting 26, 18 and 16, it’s about: He was so into the game tonight, so into the huddles. Talking to guys. Being vocal on the court. That shows you the investment.”
The highlights were abundant, as usual. Jokic threaded a needle behind his back to a cutting Kentavious Caldwell-Pope for one of his assists. He touch-passed another one, volleyball style, to Christian Braun for a corner 3-pointer. He assisted one third of Denver’s 3-pointers on a season-high 64% outside shooting day as a team.
He also contributed intangibly, understanding Denver needed a bounce-back win after consecutive losses and that his assertiveness would be especially critical without Jamal Murray. After the first-quarter buzzer, he did a bit of passionate player-coaching toward Jackson regarding the last inbound play of the quarter. Jackson had been gesturing for the ball at the left elbow while Jokic missed a 31-foot heave.
“I wanted to try to get the ball to attack. … I thought I could probably get a play, try to go at (Darius) Garland real quick,” Jackson said. “But honestly, that’s on me. I’ve gotta be the one to take the ball out. Gotta get guys settled. Gotta make sure we get the play set up. Because shoot, we’ve seen what he did a long time ago with his game-winner against the Warriors. So you’ve just gotta give him a good look.”
It was a more singularly focused attack mode than usual for Jokic, who was eager to back down All-Defense candidate Jarrett Allen rather than quickly pass out of post-ups. That he managed to pile up 16 assists anyway was a testament to the many virtues of his game that can manifest all at once.
“He’s so fun to watch. … I would hate to play against that guy or game-plan against that guy,” Malone said.
That’s how Jokic feels about the big man from North Carolina State.
“He’s amazing,” Jokic said, beaming.
Denver’s roster had seven alma maters represented in the men’s tournament this year as seven different seeds. Those teams won a combined nine games, but none reached the Final Four. Rookie Hunter Tyson’s Clemson Tigers made it the furthest by reaching the Elite Eight.
There were two head-to-head games between Nuggets alma maters: Clemson over Arizona, and Gonzaga over Kansas (which resulted in Christian Braun wearing a Gonzaga jersey to Ball Arena at Julian Strawther’s behest).
Aaron Gordon, Zeke Nnaji: Arizona (2), lost to Clemson in Sweet 16.
Jamal Murray: Kentucky (3), lost to Oakland in first round.
Christian Braun: Kansas (4), lost to Gonzaga in second round.
Julian Strawther: Gonzaga (5), lost to Purdue in Sweet 16.
Hunter Tyson: Clemson (6), lost to Alabama in Elite Eight.
DeAndre Jordan: Texas A&M (9), lost to Houston in second round.
Jay Huff, Braxton Key: Virginia (10), lost to Colorado State in First Four play-in round.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group