Filed under:
Fresh off taking down the defending champion Denver Nuggets, Anthony Edwards and the Minnesota Timberwolves now set their sights on stopping another dominant duo in Luka Dončić, Kyrie Irving and the Dallas Mavericks.
The Minnesota Timberwolves have proved everyone wrong at every turn.
Now, the Timberwolves will retake home-court advantage as the No. 3 seed, welcoming the No. 5 seed Dallas Mavericks to Target Center to kick off the 2024 Western Conference Finals on Wednesday evening. Because TNT broadcasts the series, Charles Barkley will be bringing his ass to Minneapolis, too.
Last night, Charles Barkley said he hadn’t been to Minnesota in “probably 20 years.”Anthony Edwards responded “Bring ya ass.”https://t.co/9XBQARuJeQ now directs you to the state of Minnesota’s tourism website. pic.twitter.com/BdFr1LEMu9
Minnesota played Dallas four times this season, going 3-1 against Luka Dončić, Kyrie Irving and company. While the Timberwolves’ core eight rotation players played in all four matchups, Dončić played in only two, while Irving played in just one game. The Mavericks won the only game in which their two stars took the floor together. 
However, all four games took place before the NBA trade deadline, at which the Mavericks acquired P.J. Washington — their unsung hero in the Round 2 win over the Oklahoma City Thunder — and Daniel Gafford, a certified Wolves killer who is now Dallas’s starting center. Minnesota made a move, acquiring Monte Morris, but he has not been as big of a factor in the playoffs as he was in the regular season.
Our friend Kirk Henderson of Mavs Moneyball answered five questions for us about the Mavericks to help Wolves fans get up to speed on how this Mavs team is different from the one we saw earlier in the season and what we can expect from them in the Western Conference Finals. 

    Related
  
Without further ado, let’s dive into the matchup.
One of the biggest stylistic differences between the Dallas and Denver is the Mavs’ shot diet. Head Coach Jason Kidd’s group is getting up 34.8 3-point attempts per game, good for third in the league in the playoffs, while Michael Malone’s Nuggets squad took just 31.6, fourth-fewest. 
After struggling in the first round (33.5% on 3s, 10th of 16 teams), Dallas shot 39.7% in the Western Conference Semifinals (second-best behind Indiana’s 42.5% mark). The Mavericks also do an excellent job of generating wide open 3-point shots as a result of 1) the attention that Dončić and Irving bring in the middle of the floor and 2) the way they move the ball to turn good looks into great ones. 
Dallas is shooting 41.5% on 16.3 wide open (nearest defender is six-plus feet away) 3-point attempts per game in the playoffs (third in the league by percentage). They also have generated by far the most corner 3-point looks (35 more than the next-highest team) of any team in the playoffs, and are shooting 38.6% in the corner compared to just 35.7% above the break.

    Related
  
While they made 81 of their 195 wide open 3s in the first two rounds, the Mavs shot 72/223 (32.3%) on the non-wide open 3s, a mark far more palatable for the Timberwolves’ defense. Running Dallas shooters off the line and forcing them to play below the arc is going to be a huge key, as is contesting 3s the Mavericks do get up. Edwards and Jaden McDaniels, especially, do a tremendous job of this, so it will be on them to lead the charge once again. 
Minnesota will be able to have Gobert sag off Gafford, so they should be able to use their length to rotate and run shooters off the line more effectively. Dallas turned it over (14.3 per game, 15.1% turnover rate) than any other team in the Conference Semifinals, so forcing them to play beneath the arc and beat the Wolves in the paint will be key. Just 48.2% of the Mavs’ playoff points come from 2, fourth-worst of the 16 playoff teams. The Wolves, meanwhile, are scoring the second-most points off opponent turnovers (17.1 per game) of any playoff team. 
But it’s not just a one-way street. The Timberwolves shot 40.8% on wide open 3s in the regular season (fourth-best in the NBA), but are shooting just 35.4% in the playoffs (11th). The Oklahoma City Thunder generated the second-most wide open 3s (18.0 per game) in the second round, a good sign for the Wolves, who connected on just 33.3% of the 14.6 per game they generated against the Nuggets. The Minnesota offense should see some shooting progression to the mean if Reid (33.3%) and Edwards (15.4%, lol) improve upon their marks from Denver series.
Edwards said during his interview with Inside the NBA immediately following Minnesota’s Game 7 win over Denver that Irving would be his matchup in the Western Conference Finals. But should that be the case?
The Timberwolves found eye-opening success in Round 2 by shifting McDaniels to an off-ball roll checking Michael Porter Jr., while Edwards defended Jamal Murray. While yes, this series is different as a result of no Nikola Jokić and the defense becoming more perimeter-focused, that doesn’t mean the Wolves necessarily need to deviate from the style of player McDaniels shifts his focus to. 
Minnesota may opt to ask McDaniels to check Washington, who was Dallas’s second-leading scorer (17.7 PPG) in Round 2. That would place Edwards on Dončić and Conley on Irving.
While the eight-time All-Star has torched Conley in recent meetings and may get his in that matchup, limiting the Mavericks’ other top-two scoring options and forcing Irving to beat them would be an interesting strategy that 1) could mimic what the Timberwolves did in Round 1 by putting Towns on Durant and keep the others out of a flow and 2) ask the Mavericks to play in a way they are not used to playing. If Conley can survive the opening five or six minutes (during which Dončić usually dominates the ball anyways), Alexander-Walker could check in for him and defend Irving when Dončić goes to the bench. Towns would guard Derrick Jones Jr. and Gobert would check Gafford in this scenario, as well. 
Another thing to consider is the crossmatching that would take place going down the other end. While Dallas’s transition offense hasn’t been great in the playoffs (1.104 points per possession, 11th of 16 teams in the playoffs, per Synergy), the Wolves have struggled at times in transition when there is heavy crossmatching taking place.
If the Wolves take the more traditional approach with McDaniels on Dončić, Edwards on Irving, Conley on DJJ, Towns on Washington and Gobert on Gafford, expect Dallas to set small/small screens to switch Conley onto Dončić, whether it be on the perimeter or in the post. We’ll get into it later, but foul trouble becomes quite the important battleground if McDaniels and Edwards check the stars. 
After facing a similarly sized team in the Los Angeles Clippers in Round 1, Dallas had the opportunity to be the “big” team in Round 2 against Oklahoma City, who effectively played Josh Giddey at the 4 and Chet Holmgren at the 5. Now, the Mavericks will have to be the one fending off a bigger, more physical team inside. 
Dallas, to their credit, has been exceptional locking down the paint. The Mavs have limited their opponents to 42.0 points per game in the paint, fourth-fewest among playoff teams, and holding opposing teams to just 57.3% shooting at the rim (also fourth). Rookie center Dereck Lively II’s emergence as a legitimate rim protector has been tremendous; while opponents are shooting slightly more often at the rim with the rookie in the game (+2.4% rim shot frequency, 27th percentile among playoff players), they are shooting 4.6% worse on at-rim shots with Lively II out there (74th percentile). Although Gafford (20.7 minutes per game) starts, Lively II (21.7) has played more thus far than the former Washington Wizards big man; that should skew even more towards the ex-Duke star in the Western Conference Finals to provide more rim protection against Edwards, Towns and Gobert. 
With that said, the Wolves have a real opportunity to flex their muscle in the paint throughout the course of this series. Dallas has allowed opponents to collect 29.6% of their misses (second-worst among remaining playoff teams) and it is a defining stat for their record. They give up 10.0 second chance points per game in wins and 15.0 per game in losses. If McDaniels, Towns and Gobert are all crashing with consistency, they are going to cash in against a smaller Mavericks frontline that. Minnesota should be able to score more on second chances than Dallas does on the break, and if they do that, it will bode very well for their chances to win this series.
This play is a good example. Dallas has to sell out and try to slow down Edwards, who gets past Dončić as easily as you’d expect, which leaves Reid and Gobert free to clean up.
Another thing to keep in mind here is that Towns is significantly bigger than Washington and will post him up, and the same goes for Edwards when he gets switches onto Irving. Dallas in the playoffs is allowing 1.065 points per post-up, a mark that would rank 26th in the regular season. Among those with at least 10 post-ups in the playoffs, Edwards (1.429 PPU) ranks third, while Towns (1.132 PPU) ranks seventh. Minnesota will post those two up whenever they can and force Dallas to not only double, but ask Dončić and Irving to rotate behind it. The Wolves crushed the Nuggets — a longer, more connected off-ball defense than the Mavs — doing that, so we’ll see if they can do it again.
One thing we can take from the four regular season matchups against the Mavs is the way they defended Edwards, because they didn’t acquire a player who can do that at the deadline. While Timberwolves fans may not be threatened by me saying that Jones Jr. will be the primary defender on Edwards, they should take him seriously, because he has found a good deal of success checking Edwards over the past two seasons, holding the two-time All-Star to 30 points on 10/31 shooting (32.3%). 
Part of what makes Jones Jr. successful is that he has the length and lateral agility to prevent the Mavericks from having to switch ball screens he is involved in. He is 6-foot-6 with a 7-foot wingspan and it pops on film.
While this is just one play, it gives you an idea of a few things. First, how Jones Jr. moves. Second, look where Grant Williams sets up after the Gobert screen (this will be Gafford or Lively in the series); he’s up at the level, trying to prevent Edwards from getting downhill. Third, look at how far down the low-man here, Josh Green, is playing. It opens up a skip pass, something Dallas is fine giving up if it’s Conley in the corner, since he isn’t going to continually kill the Mavs playing off the catch.
But where Jones Jr., who is just 210 pounds to Edwards’ 225-pound frame, will struggle is in situations where Edwards uses his strength to overpower Jones Jr. on the drive. The former Miami Heat swingman will be much more effective defending in pick-and-roll than he will in space. Jones Jr. did an excellent job defending Shai Gilgeous-Alexander in Round 2, holding SGA to 26 points on 9/24 shooting (37.5%); but Edwards is much stronger and more explosive than SGA, who as a somewhat limited athlete can be bothered more easily with length.
Here is a good example. Edwards knocks Jones Jr. off his spot and finishes inside against a defense whose low-men are Dončić and Irving. Advantage Wolves. Scheming to put those two defenders in the corner is something you will see from the Wolves, especially in crunch time. 
The Mavericks also don’t have the off-ball defenders who are as good at rotating and protecting the rim as the Nuggets do. Porter Jr., Aaron Gordon and even Michael Porter Jr. are far better than Dončić and Irving, as well as guys like Washington and Green. This is an area in which the Mavericks hiding their two stars on players in the corner can become pretty problematic if Edwards is able to win his individual matchup against Jones Jr. and get into the paint. Lively sinking in the paint will certainly help, but the Wolves should destroy the Mavericks with five-out lineups, which we will likely see at the end of the first and third quarters when Gobert is on the bench. This is also when Jones Jr. generally heads to the bench and Green checks in, so Minnesota should feed Ant as much as they can in these minutes.
The Wolves bench struggled over the course of the Western Conference Semifinals. For a group that has been among the league’s most consistent this season, you had no idea what you were going to get from game-to-game. It didn’t help that, outside of Game 2 (the game Gobert missed to be present for the birth of his son Romeo), it was not a Kyle Anderson series. 
That will change in this series; Anderson’s defense on Dončić will be an important card to play, especially if (when) McDaniels (inevitably) gets into foul trouble. The Wolves can do a better job of leaning into their big identity in these minutes by playing Towns and/or Reid with Anderson, trying to time it so that Gobert can get rest while Slow-Mo plays and the Minnesota offense can maintain better spacing for Edwards. 
I also wouldn’t be surprised to see Monte Morris play more in this series if Conley really gets picked on defensively. While Murray is certainly a tough cover, Dallas has more scoring guards than Denver does and the Mavericks certainly spend more time matchup hunting with small/small switches than the Nuggets do. Especially considering Conley isn’t 100% and these games are every other day, Morris will have to be ready to play anywhere from 7-10 minutes per game throughout this series. 
Nickeil Alexander-Walker will have to take a major step forward in this series, too. He wasn’t particularly effective at limiting Murray as a scorer (allowed 34 points on 14/22 shooting, but did hold him to only six assists while forcing five turnovers), and shot just 32.4% on 5.3 long-range attempts per game. NAW put up three 0-for games from beyond the arc and three games of making three or more; finding some more consistency from deep and making better decisions as to when to shoot versus make the extra pass or play off the catch will be pivotal. 
As for the Mavericks, they certainly are willing to use their bench players and won’t play their starters as heavily as the Nuggets did in Round 2 or the Suns did in Round 1, even without veteran stretch 4 Maxi Kleber (who will likely miss all of this series with a separated shooting shoulder).
Throughout their 12-game playoff run, the Mavs’ bench has played 852 (29.6%) of the 2,880 available minutes, which is the sixth-highest share of any team. For reference, Denver’s bench played the fewest share (21.7%), Phoenix’s reserves played the sixth-fewest share (27.3%), and Minnesota has played its bench for 28.0% (seventh-fewest) of the minutes thus far in the playoffs.
Outside of Dončić (41.5) and Irving (40.3), no other Maverick played more than 36 minutes per game and just four played at least 24 minutes per game. Edwards (40.5) was the only Wolf north of 36 minutes a night, but six played at least 24 per outing. 
Dallas will undoubtedly play Lively II the most minutes off the bench and likely Green right behind him, as the Aussie is probably the team’s second-best option for defending Edwards. While Tim Hardaway Jr. scored 17 points and was excellent in Game 2 against OKC, helping the Mavericks survive one of three games in which Irving scored 12 or fewer points, he scored just 21 points over the final four games of the series on 8/23 (34.7%) shooting and Kidd turned to Jaden Hardy for eighth-man minutes in Games 5 and 6 — a bleak sign for the veteran’s role in this coming series. 
The Wolves will need to capitalize on the non-Dončić minutes in the middle of the first and third quarters, too. Dallas holds a -21.7 net rating (first percentile) in the possessions without Luka on the floor, largely because of their 95.5 offensive rating (zero percentile). The non-Irving minutes early in the second and fourth quarters have been almost as bad, but the defense has been slightly better; the Mavs have a -21.2 net rating (first percentile) and 92.6 offensive rating (zero percentile), but their 113.8 defensive rating (47th percentile) is much closer to league average. 
Minnesota’s starting five should find plenty of success at the beginning of games, too. 
This is from the entire playoffs but these are the top 10 most active lineups so far this postseason sorted by net rating per ctg. Note the # of poss to. Almost entirely reliant on the starters but at the end of the day the best starting 5 in basketball was brutally outplayed. https://t.co/npyJS03NpU pic.twitter.com/6oBPHsRNJB
Kidd hasn’t gotten great production from his starting five as you can see in the linked tweet (-3.3 net rating in 219 possessions in the playoffs). But if you swap out Gafford for Lively II, which has been the Mavericks’ closing lineup, their efficiency numbers leap off the page. The Dončić/Irving/Jones Jr./Washington/Lively II unit has an offensive rating of 114.9 (57th percentile), but a defensive rating of 88.0 (100th percentile) and a net rating of +26.9 (99th percentile), which clears the Wolves’ top-rated starting unit.
Here is a look at how Kidd structured his rotation in Game 6 of the previous series, which is pretty close to what he did in Game 5 (minus Washington picking up his second foul with 9:38 left in the first quarter). Towns drawing fouls on Washington will be essential if Minnesota wants to make defense more difficult for Dallas — especially inside. Keep in mind that the last time Towns drew Washington, he dropped 62 points on the Charlotte Hornets.
Much like he did in Games 6 and 7 of the Western Conference Semifinals, it feels like Jaden McDaniels holds the keys to the series for Minnesota. Not only is he the Wolves’ most important defender in this series if he takes the Dončić matchup, but he also proved to be a back-breaking scoring threat that the Nuggets’ defense didn’t have an answer for. 
McDaniels will likely draw Luka his primary defender, so Jaden will need to be aggressive in playing down hill off the catch and forcing Dončić (who is playing at less than 100% with knee and ankle sprains) to either move his feet and play defense or use his fouls. McDaniels may not be able to turn the foul trouble tables on Dončić as easily as Luka can on him, but if McDaniels’ offensive performance in Games 6 and 7 is any indication, the Timberwolves’ defense is pretty dangerous when he is confident not only as a scorer but also as a playmaker on the drive in the middle of the floor that can make corner kick-out passes, dump-offs to cutters, wraparounds to bigs in the dunker, or u-turn out and attack in isolation. While Jaden shooting 6/9 from 3 in the final two games of the series was critical and shooting 38% from 3 will be important to replicate in this series, making an impact playing off the catch is more bankable than his 3-point shooting. 
The former University of Washington star can also make an impact without the ball. McDaniels set screens at a higher rate in Games 6 and 7, something that can be used to switch hunt on Dončić late and force him to defend the primary actions. Beyond that, forcing Luka to lock in off the ball and defend slot cuts and back-door cuts from the corner will be essential. Much like Minnesota hunted Murray and forced Porter Jr. to defend initial actions in pivotal moments, they can do the same with Dončić, and McDaniels’ involvement will be an important piece of that. Slim can also continue to crash the offensive glass from the corner, something Luka will need to be cognizant of. 
But none of that matters if McDaniels can’t stay out of foul trouble. Minnesota will win this series if Jaden stays out of foul trouble, full stop. The defense over a seven-game series will wear on a Dallas team that plays in isolation (12.2% of total possessions, per Synergy) more than any team in the playoffs. And like he did against Denver, he will find a way to be impactful offensively over the course of the series. He is too talented and too competitive to be a bystander while Edwards and Towns consume the majority of the defense’s attention. But how early in the series he’s able to be a factor offensively will go a long way in deciding whether this is a short or long series.
Like McDaniels, Jones Jr. will be tasked with guarded the opposing team’s best player. And, like McDaniels, he saved his best scoring games — particularly his 3-point shooting (7/11 in Games 5 and 6) — for the final two games and was essential to the Mavericks closing out the series. 3-point shooting will be a swing skill for the Mavericks’ “others.” Jones jr. is a career 31.6% 3-point shooter who is shooting 15/40 (37.5%) in the playoffs this season. But throughout the 2023-24 campaign, his shooting from beyond the arc waxed and waned pretty hard. 
This tells use that Jones Jr. has struggled to maintain consistently above average 3-point shooting for more than a few weeks at a time, which he has done through the first two series of the playoffs. How much his shooting comes back down to Earth will be a major factor for the Dallas offense, as DJJ playing on the floor will be essential to their defense on Edwards.
Foul trouble isn’t as much of a concern with DJJ, not only because Edwards doesn’t grift for fouls and flop around anywhere remotely close to the rate at which Dončić does, but also because Airplane Mode is a more disciplined defender than McDaniels is when it comes to reaching and occasionally plowing over a screener. So he will guard Edwards for the majority of his minutes and likely do so with less help than we saw the Nuggets give Gordon and Kentavious Caldwell-Pope in the last series.
If Jones Jr. is able to knock down open 3s and consistently bother Edwards in the half-court in a way that allows off-ball defenders to stay home on shooters, Dallas’s chances to win this series will skyrocket.
Much like the Western Conference Semifinals between the Wolves and Nuggets, this series features a pair of teams whose offense heavily relies upon two players for the bulk of their scoring production. 
Dončić and Irving have scored 580 of the Mavs’ 1,278 playoff points (45.4%), while Edwards and Towns have scored 525 of the Wolves’ 1,192 points (44.0%). Pretty jarring numbers when you see them printed out. 
But the Wolves have held a better offensive rating (116.1) than the Mavericks (113.9) throughout the playoffs because Minnesota has gotten more balanced, consistent scoring from their others than Dallas has. 
Minnesota has had five players beyond their star duo score at least 12 points four or more times (5 times - Conley, Gobert | 4 times - McDaniels, Reid, NAW), while Dallas has just three (5 times - Jones Jr., Washington | 4 times - Lively II). The Wolves also have four players with multiple games of 15 points or more (4 times - McDaniels | 3 times - Conley, Gobert | 2 times - NAW) to the Mavericks’ two (4 times - Washington | 3 times - DJJ).
There is significantly more pressure on Dallas’s stars to score, considering their limited scoring options down the roster without Kleber. The Mavs leaned into their defense to overcome Irving struggling to score (and enjoyed a trio of great 3-point shooting nights from Washington) but lost both games in which Dončić failed to score north of 20 points. 
When rubber meets the road, do you trust two of McDaniels, Conley, Gobert and Reid to more consistently produce as scorers than two of Washington, Lively, Gafford and Jones Jr.? I definitely do, but we’ll see how it plays out.
The Timberwolves are a deeper, more physical, more well-rounded team than the Mavericks are, and you could make a great argument that they have four of the six and nine of the 15 best players in this series, including the best player on the floor when you take into account Edwards’ two-way impact. 
Minnesota has also faced more difficult tests than Dallas has to this point, too. Phoenix is a better team than a Los Angeles team with a severely limited Kawhi Leonard, and beating the defending champs certainly trumps taking down a Thunder with next to no playoff experience. The Wolves also have five road wins (to the Mavericks’ also impressive four), including three in the arguably the toughest building in the league to win in. 
When you throw into the mix that Dončić is less than 100% and the fact that Minnesota has far superior options and more contingency plans for defending Dallas’s two stars, the pick becomes clearer. 
While the Mavericks are a great, respectable team with two sure-fire Hall of Famers and all-time great playoff performers, I struggle to believe in a path in which their role players consistently outplay those of the Wolves, and that the Dallas’s best defeats Minnesota’s best. Much like the Western Conference Semifinals, I feel confident that if the Wolves play their hardest for 48 minutes, the Mavs won’t be able to match that level enough over the course of a seven-game series to come away victorious, especially considering the usage of their two stars playing every other day for two weeks.
Wolves in 5. 
Bring ya ass to the NBA Finals for the first time in franchise history.
Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.