By 

	Tomás Mier


Morgan Wallen had not one, but two surprise guests join him during his show in Kansas City on Thursday. During his Arrowhead Stadium performance, the country star welcomed Brooks & Dunn and Lainey Wilson for unexpected duets.

	In the middle of his set, after playing his Post Malone song “I Had Some Help” and a cover of Jason Isbell’s “Cover Me Up,” Wallen took the stage to sing “Lies Lies Lies” with Wilson.
A post shared by Country Chord (@countrychord)

	“Morgan Wallen rarely has special guests and man was this SPECIAL,” wrote a fan who shared a video of the moment.

	Dressed in a Kansas City Royals jersey, Wallen played the rest of his typical show, but he had another surprise up his sleeve. During the encore portion of his set, Wallen took it back to the early Nineties, as Kix Brooks and Ronnie Dunn joined him onstage to perform the duo’s classic hit “Neon Moon.”

	Brooks & Dunn shared a behind-the-scenes video of the duo joining Wallen for a soundcheck and performing with the country star. “Well that was a damn good time,” Wallen commented on the post. “Brooks & Dunn & Wallen,” wrote the band.

	









One of the coolest things I’ve seen!  #morganwallen rarely has special guests and man was this SPECIAL! #brooksanddunn #fypシ゚viral #fypage #brooksanddunn #2024 #kansascity #morganwallenconcert #morganwallentiktok #live #kc #mw

	Wallen is scheduled to play Arrowhead Stadium again on Friday night, before heading to Las Vegas’ Allegiant Stadium next week, where he’ll bring out Jelly Roll, Nate Smith, and Ella Langley as openers for his final two shows in the U.S. He’ll head to Europe for an overseas run, starting Aug. 28 in Stockholm.





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Walton Goggins Shuts Down Interview Over Aimee Lou Wood Questions		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Piper Rockelle Has a Lot to Say About That Netflix Documentary		
	








	Last month, Wallen celebrated Independence Day by playing London’s Hude Park for a one-night-only gig. “To play where legendary artists like Pink Floyd and the Rolling Stones have played is a huge honor for me and my band, and we can’t wait to be back,” Wallen said when the show was announced in March.

	The performance from Wallen came as Wilson celebrated the release of a duet with Miranda Lambert, titled “Good Horses.” Wallen’s last release was “Lies Lies Lies,” which followed his chart-topper with Post Malone, “I Had Some Help.“
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.