Today, Oct. 21, decorated country artist Morgan Wallen announced the lineup for their three-day beach party, Sand In My Boots. Debuting on May 16-18, 2025, at the Hangout Music Festival venue in Gulf Shores, Ala., Wallen will headline with renowned artists like Post Malone, Brooks And Dunn and Hardy. Curated by Wallen, fans can take a trip through his playlists during the multi-genre festival, bringing country, hip-hop, indie rock, Americana and EDM together for the first time. 
The Sand In My Boots lineup is a diverse collection of Wallen’s musical influences, featuring notable collaborators like Post Malone and Diplo, alongside country stars Brooks & Dunn, HARDY, Riley Green, Chase Rice, ERNEST, Ian Munsick, Nate Smith, Ella Langley, Paul Cauthen, Kameron Marlowe, Josh Ross, Morgan Wade, and more. The lineup also includes hip-hop icons like T-Pain, Wiz Khalifa, 2 Chainz, Three 6 Mafia, Moneybagg Yo, and BigXthaPlug, as well as alt-indie and rock bands such as The War on Drugs, 3 Doors Down and Future Islands. 
Wallen aims to bring the ultimate tailgate extravaganza to the spirited beach destination of Gulf Shores. Just three hours from New Orleans, six from Atlanta, and eight from Nashville, Tenn., the event promises an unforgettable Southern experience for music enthusiasts with its extensive pass options. 
Sand In My Boots offers various festival passes, including 3-Day-only GA, Party Pit, VIP, Super VIP, and Livin’ The Dream options. Amenities can include access to exclusive viewing areas and lounges, main stage in-ground swimming pools, complimentary bar and gourmet food options, private restrooms, and more.
Passes will be available on Oct. 25 at 10 A.M. CT and can be found here.
Sand In My Boots 2025 Lineup:
2 Chainz
3 Doors Down
49 Winchester
Bailey Zimmerman
BigXthaPlug
Brooks & Dunn
Chase Rice
Diplo
Ella Langley
ERNEST
Future Islands
Hailey Whitters
HARDY
Ian Munsick
John Morgan
Josh Ross
Kameron Marlowe
Laci Kaye Booth
Lauren Watkins
Moneybagg Yo
Morgan Wade
Morgan Wallen
Nate Smith
Ole 60
Paul Cauthen
Post Malone
Real Estate
Riley Green
The War on Drugs
Three 6 Mafia
T-Pain
Treaty Oak Revival
Wild Nothing
Wiz Khalifa
Watch: Phish Become ‘Seinfeld’ Cast in New ‘Everybody’s Live with John Mulaney’ Sketch
Billy Strings Performs for Kids at Michigan’s Helen DeVos Children’s Hospital
H.O.R.D.E. Core: Phish, Blues Traveler, Widespread Panic & Aquarium Rescue Unit Revisit the Touring Festival
Listen: Bruce Springsteen Previews Unreleased Film Soundtrack ‘Faithless,’ from ‘Tracks II: The Lost Albums’
Daze Between New Orleans Day Two: Odes to The Allman Brothers Band, Meters and More
Listen: Van Morrison Shares “Cutting Corners,” Second Preview Single from ‘Remembering Now’
Listen: Warren Haynes Unveils Four ‘Million Voices Whisper’ Bonus Tracks, Including Classic Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young Cover
Copyright © Relix Media Group LLC.
All Rights Reserved.

Oniracom

1 Year. 8 Issues. Only $24.95