Post Malone may have ventured into country with his latest album F-1 Trillion, but his biggest songwriting influence remains firmly rooted in Hip Hop. During a recent appearance on This Past Weekend With Theo Von, Post revealed that his personal GOAT lyricist is none other than Young Thug.
“Young Thug, for me, is my favorite lyricist and melody maker of all f---in’ time,” Post shared. “The first song I heard, it was him and Peewee Longway — it was a song called ‘Loaded.’ And I was like, what the f---? These melodies [are] insane.
“He goes to such crazy f---in’ places — free Young Thug, by the way,” he added. “He goes to such crazy f---in’ places where the natural mind, my melody mind, doesn’t go. I would go down one place, and he would go like two octaves up. And I was like, what the f---, this is mind[blowing]. So fun to listen to.”
Despite his love for Hip Hop, the sting of early criticism still sticks with him. In a chat with CBS Sunday Morning last month, Post opened up about being labeled a “culture vulture” when he first started, and how it sent him down a dark path.
“It sucked. I was a kid,” he said. “[I dealt with it by] drink[ing] a lot. I absolutely took it personal. It’s hard not to.” “But,” he added, “You don’t make music for the people who hate you. It’s for the people who love you, and for yourself.”
He’s been through his share of rumors. Like, those questioning if drugs were behind his recent weight loss last year. Post Malone felt the need to address it and clear it all up on Instagram after a show in Belgium.
“4/28/2023, Antwerp Belgium! hello everybody, i hope you’re having a great night,” he wrote. “i wanted to say that i’m not doing drugs, i’ve had a lot of people ask me about my weight loss and i’d suppose, performance on stage. i’m having a lot of fun performing, and have never felt healthier. i guess dad life kicked in and i decided to kick soda, and start eating better so i can be around for a long time for this little angel.”
Post became a dad in 2022 when his fiancé gave birth to their baby girl. They’ve kept her name a secret, but Post got her initials, 'DDP,' tattooed on his head after an Indianapolis show in October 2022.
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!