Post Malone and Morgan Wallen dropped their highly-anticipated collaboration to kick off the weekend on Friday (May 10).
“I Had Some Help” arrives shortly after the two artists joined forces at the 2024 Stagecoach Festival in California, delivering the debut live performance of the then-unreleased anthem. Wallen headlined the festival on the final night, and Posty delivered his own set that weekend, paying tribute to some of the genre’s most beloved artists. He covered hits by Alan Jackson, George Strait, Tim McGraw, Brad Paisley, Vince Gill, Randy Travis and late country legend Toby Keith. Post Malone also performed with Dwight Yoakam, Paisley and Sara Evans.
Post Malone shared a snippet of “I Had Some Help” on Instagram in March, stirring anticipation for the duo to release the single. It was one of Malone’s latest teasers hinting at collaborations with country artists, including Luke Combs. He also performed with Wallen and HARDY at the 57th annual Country Music Association Awards in November in Downtown Nashville, Tennessee. The trio delivered a surprise tribute to the late Joe Diffie, which included “John Deere Green” by Wallen and HARDY and Post Malone joined for “Pickup Man.” Malone has not confirmed, however, whether he has a country album in the works. He revealed a sneak peek of the “I Had Some Help” music video earlier this week.
Next, Malone is gearing up to make his debut on the ACM Awards stage on May 16 in Frisco, Texas. He’s part of a star-studded lineup that also includes Parker McCollum, Kelsea Ballerini and Noah Kahan; Nate Smith and Avril Lavigne; Blake Shelton and Gwen Stefani; Jason Aldean, Kane Brown, Jelly Roll, Cody Johnson, Miranda Lambert, Thomas Rhett, Chris Stapleton, and Lainey Wilson. Reba McEntire, who will return to host the show for the 17th time, will also perform “brand new music,” she previously confirmed. Wallen is nominated in several categories, including Entertainer of the Year.
“I Had Some Help” also arrives shortly after Wallen delivered three back-to-back shows at Nissan Stadium in Nashville amid his headlining tour. The “Last Night” hitmaker revealed during one of those concerts that his bar will open on Memorial Day weekend. This Bar will be located at 107 4th Ave N, adjacent to the historic Ryman Auditorium. Wallen joins a growing list of artists opening honky tonks, including Eric Church, Miranda Lambert, Dierks Bentley, Jason Aldean, Blake Shelton and others. Most recently, Wilson confirmed she’s opening a new bar at the former location of Florida Georgia Line’s now-closed FGL House. Wallen previously said in a statement that he aims for This Bar to become “a place you'll want to find yourself in and make memories with your friends and family and celebrate the way country music has brought us all together.”
Warning: language.