The Malone family has issued an update after their trip abroad was hit with disaster.
The Gogglebox stars have travelled to Jamaica which has been battered by Hurricane Beryl. The category 5 storm has ripped through the Caribbean and fans sent messages of concern to Tom and Julie Malone as they revealed they had to seek shelter yesterday.
Tom and Julie shared updates of the heavy winds as the storm picked up last night and said: "It's starting to get real now." Izzi Warner was one of hundreds who issued a message of support as she said: "Stay safe x"
READ MORE: Louise Redknapp issues grateful update as she cosies up to new man after Jamie split
READ NEXT: Dancing On Ice's Ricky Hatton knew he had 'half a chance' as he lifts lid on Claire Sweeney romance
Tom and Julie have taken to social media today to reveal the storm has passed. Tom said: "The hurricane has been and gone.
"It was a bit windy and everything is a bit damaged. There's trees down all over the place. There's a lot of people here worse off than us. We were in a big hotel and were well looked after
"Everything's good so no problems." They captioned the post: "Thank you for all you concern , we are fine ! Jamaica x"
Fans were relieved after the update as Jen said: "Glad you guys are safe."
Lyn added: "Hooooray! Glad you’re both ok." Matt said: "I'm glad."
Receive newsletters with the biggest and breaking TV and showbiz news by signing up here
Enter our £1,500 Aldi voucher giveaway and host a sizzling barbecue to remember
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.