"I am broken, so bereft". 
Shameless star Tina Malone has said that she is "broken" following the death of her husband Paul Chase.
The actor, best known for her  role as Mimi Maguire in Shameless, announced the tragic news of her husband's death via X on March 13, writing: "It’s with total heartbreak I write this. My husband Paul Chase Malone passed away this morning. We are totally devastated."
Malone has now shared details of her final hours with Chase, adding that she is "broken" and "bereft". 
Related: Kate Garraway leads ITV tribute special for late husband Derek Draper
"Four weeks ago at 4pm today my hubby made scrambled eggs, bacon, beans, sausages for flame, kissed me and said see you later…. 10 hours later he was dead, I am broken, so bereft," she wrote on X. 
Many soon shared their support and condolences in the post's comments section, with one user writing: "I am so sorry to read this. Ur post caught my eye and I now see he was in the military. A subject so close to my heart. I’m glad to have found u on social x stay strong". 
"Tina, we don’t know each other but I lost the love of my life to cancer two years ago and the hurt never goes away but as time goes on we learn to live another way," wrote another. "They say, grief is the price we pay for love. It’s a journey that’s for sure and not an easy one. Bless you". 
Related: Sabrina's Kiernan Shipka pays tribute to co-star Chance Perdomo after his death
Shortly after announcing Chase's death, Malone expressed her gratitude for the support she received. 
"I am totally overwhelmed at the cards, flowers, messages, calls, txts, emails I've received from friends, family, colleagues, Paul's army brothers, it's a great comfort for us, I will reply to everyone soon as I am able to, the support and kindness on here has deeply touched me too xx," she wrote. 
Freelance Reporter, Digital Spy After completing her joint honours degree in Journalism and English Literature at Cardiff University, Iona joined Digital Spy as a Content Production Intern in 2022. In that role, Iona wrote across both news and features, specialising in TV and movies. Following her internship, Iona now contributes to DS as a freelance reporter. 
 Iona has reported from the Black Adam red carpet, and interviewed celebrities ranging from Love Island stars to the cast of Disney's live-action The Little Mermaid.
Lorraine Kelly reveals she’s having surgery
Netflix drops first trailer for horror sequel
EastEnders' Michelle Collins explains Cindy return
Matt Damon spy trilogy now streaming for free
Emmerdale star breaks silence on dramatic split
Drag Race All Stars 10 confirms guest judges
Nolan's Batman trilogy is on TV this weekend
Tom Cruise on how he prepares for M:I stunts
First look at Avatar: Fire and Ash
This Morning star admits she feared being fired
Emmerdale's Ruby confirms Joe and Noah truth
Blue Prince creator is "relieved" the game is out
DIGITAL SPY, PART OF THE HEARST UK ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK
We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England. All Rights Reserved.