Not everyone is into scented candles, flowers or boxes of delicately wrapped chocolates so it's no surprise to see this year's 2024 Mother's Day deals branching into other categories. Including tech, where you could find discounted smartwatches, kitchen gadget staples or the latest music accessory for your loved one this year.
The deals are flowing in fast as children and grandchildren, even pets (yes, you can find gifts to send on behalf of your furbaby) look for ideas to treat their mum. And there are just under two weeks to go as Mothering Sunday falls on March 10.
While the likes of Moonpig, M&S, and Bloom & Wild offer perfectly presented bouquets, perfumes and cards it won't be everyone's cup of tea. Which is why we've branched out with the deals, honing in on what the tech world has to offer - whether it's a smartwatch for your gym fanatic mum, a kitchen gadget to make chocolatier-worthy drinks, or a new plug-in styler to straighten and curl their hair.
READ MORE: 11 affordable luxury gifts to spoil your mum this Mother's Day 2024
READ MORE: I went to The White Company, Jo Malone, M&S and more to find the best Mother's Day gifts
Here are our top tech-inspired Mother's Day picks from Samsung, Google, Dyson, Hotel Chocolate and more, to help with any last-minute shopping inspiration. If you're looking for some budget-friendly ideas we have a round-up of 11 items, including the staple pressie - Emma Bridgewater mugs.
A quirky pressie that would make a thoughtful Mother's Day pressie, perfectly wrapped up next to your mum, grandma, aunt or sister's favourite bottle. Whether its red, white, rose or orange. This rechargeable wine opener by the brand Cuisinart is now £12 off at Webbs for £38.
It comes with a docking station to charge when not in use and on a full charge it states can open around 80 bottles (now that is something to celebrate). All you'd have to do is cut the foil wrapper around the bottle, fit the opener to the bottle and press to remove the cork.
Once refreshed the device also has a vacuum sealer function to preserve the flavour (and freshness) of any unfinished favourites.
The Babyliss Titanium Brilliance styler makes a great option as a gift, fitted with five different temperature settings to create a sleek straight look the device also has a curved top, to create the effortless wavy or curly hair look too. And like rival styling brands, at under £100, we don't think you could go wrong.
Currys is now selling the pair for £56.99 compared to its usual £124.99 price, a deal which also comes with a five-year guarantee. Anyone with a bigger budget could opt for the Dyson Corrale straightener for the more advanced flex plate technology, magnetic charging plate, and 30 minutes of cordless styling with each charge.
This would make a great option for anyone just getting into running, gym classes, or eager to see how many steps they do on a morning dog walk. Argos has dropped the price off the Lilac Sekonda Motion model which is rated best for everyday use.
As Argos states on its website: "Sekonda's Motion smartwatch has a lilac plastic case with a fully interactive, 1.4 inch LCD screen dial and is fastened with a 20mm lilac silicone strap.
"Features include steps/calorie/distance tracker, sleep monitor, push notifications for messages, 5 sports modes and long battery life, up to 10 days depending on use! The watch has a water resistance rating of IP68, protected from continuous immersion in water up to a depth of 1.5 metres for a maximum of 30 minutes."
This worktop device from Hotel Chocolat allows users to make rich, smooth hot drinks from the comfort of their own home. Anyone who is a fan of the brand's in-store drinks or even rival Knoops may want to save this as an idea.
Hotel Chocolat sells the device and the starter kit for £109.95 which includes the plug-in device, two ceramic hot chocolate 'Podcups', and sachets of chocolate to add in and melt into the warming milk.
Anyone sat there reading this with stiff post-gym muscles or who's just woken up from a nap with badly slept on neck, this handy tech device could be popped on your wishlist. John Lewis has a Mother's Day offer running on the mini Theragun 2nd Generation model, the handheld massager that helps relieve aches and pains.
The £40 off deal, now available to buy for £135, is rarely come by as any sports massage fan will tell you these gadgets are well known for being pretty pricey. As an alternative the Lola Massage Gun is now on offer on the site for £59.96, not only is it cheaper but is slightly larger too.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.