ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
DOHA, QATAR - DECEMBER 16: Post Malone performs during the Qatar Fashion United by CR Runway show at ... More Stadium 974 on December 16, 2022 in Doha, Qatar. (Photo by Robert Cianflone/Getty Images)
These days, the vast majority of new albums hit their peak on the Billboard charts the week they debut. The goal in today’s music industry is for any artist to launch their latest collection as high as possible, because chances are that interest in the title will wane, and it will begin to fall after it arrives.
This is not true for every musician and every album, and that’s evidenced this week with one rising title. Post Malone’s greatest hits compilation, named The Diamond Collection, is doing better than ever before, thanks, in part, to his massive new hit single.
The Diamond Collection rises to No. 12 on the Billboard 200 this week. That marks the title’s best-ever showing on the ranking of the most-consumed full-lengths and EPs in the U.S.
Malone’s compilation–which features his diamond-certified singles–lifts from No. 15 this time around. According to Luminate, the project moved 29,863 equivalent units in the past tracking period. That’s actually down ever so slightly–less than 1%—but due to it being a fairly quiet frame on the tally, the multi-genre star is able to climb.
The Diamond Collection is inching closer and closer to becoming Malone’s sixth top 10 album on the Billboard 200. It only needs to climb two more spaces to reach the loftiest tier, though whether it will be able to do so or not is anybody’s guess.
As The Diamond Collection jumps up the Billboard 200, it’s also performing well on other charts. The collection lifts one rung to No. 3 on the Top Rap Albums ranking. That’s just one rung below its No. 2 high point. The set is a non-mover on the Top Streaming Albums list at No. 12–also one space behind its peak.
Malone released The Diamond Collection in April 2023. The hip-hop favorite dropped the collection to celebrate becoming the musician with the most diamond-certified songs in U.S. history. The short project featured his eight such wins, as well as a new single from his most recent album.
The Diamond Collection is surging thanks, at least in part, to Malone’s new single, “I Had Some Help” with Morgan Wallen. The track officially brings the Grammy nominee into the country field, which is something he’s spoken openly about wanting to try. “I Had Some Help” debuts at No. 1 on several Billboard charts, including the Hot 100, where it brings both musicians back to the summit.
The same cut is also new at No. 1 on several genre-agnostic lists, like the Streaming Songs and Digital Song Sales charts. In the country world, it’s the biggest hit on almost every tally, as it rules the Hot Country Songs, Country Streaming Songs, and Country Digital Song Sales rosters.