Damn it Billie 
Can only assume that when Charli XCX and Billie Eilish said 'You wanna guess the address of the party we're at, you really are not invited' they were discussing the 2024 VMAs. But despite being high up on the invite list due to multiple nominations, Billie actually skipped the red carpet this year, womp.
And as you can tell, Twitter is handling it well:
Soooo, why didn't Billie walk the carpet, or attend the event? We're not entirely sure - she didn't give any hints away on her Instagram and considering she did win the Video for Good award for 'What Was I Made For? (from the motion picture Barbie)', we are a little surprised.
As a reminder, Billie's noms this year included Video of the Year for 'LUNCH,' as well as Video for Good for 'What Was I Made For,' Song of the Summer for 'Birds of a Feather,' AND Song of the Summer for her 'Guess' remix with Charli XCX. 
That last category was truly stacked with nominees — like Ariana Grande for 'We Can’t Be Friends (Wait for Your Love),' Benson Boone for 'Beautiful Things,' Chappell Roan for 'Good Luck, Babe!' Eminem for 'Houdini,' Future, Metro Boomin & Kendrick Lamar for 'Like That,' GloRilla and Megan Thee Stallion for 'Wanna Be,' Hozier for 'Too Sweet,' Kendrick Lamar for 'Not Like Us,' Post Malone feat. Morgan Wallen for 'I Had Some Help,' Sabrina Carpenter for 'Please Please Please,' Shaboozey for 'A Bar Song (Tipsy),' SZA for 'Saturn,' Taylor Swift feat. Post Malone for 'Fortnight,' AND FINALLY Tommy Richman for 'Million Dollar Baby.'
So basically every possible song that came out this summer was nominated! No bigs! FYI, Taylor Swift and Post Malone's 'Fortnight' nabbed it. Woohoo.
The ending of Netflix's Havoc explained
The Assembly should be next on your watch list
Netflix's The Four Seasons release date
Who are The Seraphites in The Last of Us? 
What Kath said about JoJo split after CBBUK
Emma lands major role in Greta's Narnia remake
Did you spot subtle Chadwick tribute in Sinners?
Every character Joe Goldberg has killed in 'You'
Penn 'fought to be as naked as possible' in You
Sinners movie post-credit scenes, explained
CBBUK: How much of the winning vote did Jack get?
Netflix's YOU season 5 ending explained
Cosmopolitan, Part of the Hearst UK Fashion & Beauty Network
Cosmopolitan participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England 112955. All Rights Reserved.