Post Malone has another No. 1 album on his hands as the first-week numbers for his latest project, F-1 Trillion, have been released.
Malone's first country album, F-1 Trillion, has taken the top spot on the Billboard 200 chart, with 250,000 equivalent album units earned since its release on August 16, Billboard reports. This marks Posty's third chart-topper, following Hollywood's Bleeding and Beerbongs & Bentleys.
The singer also landed at No. 1 on the Top Country Albums chart for the first time in his career. The only artist to have a bigger debut with a country album this year was Beyoncé and her project Cowboy Carter. Malone also took the top spots on the Top Streaming Albums and Top Album Sales charts.
Out of the 250,000 units that were moved in the first week of the album's release, SEA units consisted of 164,000 units (equaling 212.86 million on-demand official streams of the deluxe album's 27 songs), album sales were 80,000, and TEA units filled the rest out with 6,000 units.
F-1 Trillion included 18 tracks and featured collaborations from some of country music's biggest names, including Dolly Barton, Brad Paisley, Blake Shelton, Morgan Wallen, and more. Malone also dropped a deluxe version with nine extra songs on the same day of the album's release.
music | BY Trey Alston
Post Malone Took Being Called a 'Culture Vulture' Very Personally
pop-culture | BY Alex Ocho
Steve-O's First Face Tattoo Is a Penis Inked by Post Malone
music | BY Jaelani Turner-Williams
Beyoncé and Post Malone Boost Levi's Stock Price Following "Levii's Jeans" Collab
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.