Tulsa World Staff Writer 
A Tulsa man who previously admitted to a fatal shooting in 2022 was sentenced to prison Thursday in Tulsa federal court.
U.S District Judge John Russell sentenced Justin Wade Malone, also known as Wade Gram, to serve seven years in federal prison, followed by three years of post-custody supervision.
Malone, 40, admitted to voluntary manslaughter in Indian Country in connection with the fatal shooting of Cristian Amaya Hernandez on July 8, 2022.
Hernandez, 38, was found dead the same day with a gunshot wound to the head at his residence in the 100 block of South 108th East Avenue in Tulsa.
Malone admitted in his written plea deal with prosecutors that he shot Hernandez with a .38-caliber revolver that he took with him to Hernandez’s residence.
Malone said he went to Hernandez’s home with the intent to obtain methamphetamine, according to his written plea.
Malone said he quarreled with Hernandez, who was also armed with a firearm, before shooting him while Hernandez was sitting on a couch.
Malone is a member of the Cherokee Nation, and the offense occurred within the boundaries of the Muscogee Nation, thus establishing federal jurisdiction.
The plea agreement called for a judge to sentence Malone to a prison term ranging from five to seven years.
A woman who lived at the residence, Devon Marie Larocca, is serving a sentence of four years and five months related to her involvement in the slaying.
Larocca, 37, admitted in December 2022 to evidence tampering and maintaining a drug-involved residence.
She admitted that after the shooting she accessed an online video doorbell account for the residence and deleted videos depicting Malone arriving and leaving with Larocca.
She said she committed the acts because she feared that Malone might harm her if she didn’t.
The Tulsa World newsroom is committed to covering this community with curiosity, tenacity and depth. Our passion for telling the story of Tulsa remains unwavering. Because your story is our story. Thank you to our subscribers who support local journalism. Join them with limited-time offers at tulsaworld.com/story.
curtis.killman@tulsaworld.com
Get the latest in local public safety news with this weekly email.
Tulsa World Staff Writer 
A 46-year-old man was found inside the home with a gunshot wound to his chest. Detectives are still working to identify a suspect.
The U.S. Attorney’s Office in Muskogee said the missile was inert and there is no ongoing threat to public safety.
Antwan Washington, 46, was found dead Sunday night after officers responded to the 800 block of East 52nd Street North, where witnesses said a…
A spokesman said the AG was unavailable to comment on why the state chose now to intercede in the 11-year-old lawsuit and what impact, if any,…
In a lawsuit that also names ex-BAPD Sgt. Michael Ferguson as a defendant, Richard McMahon is seeking damages after police pushed into his hom…
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.