The Blake Lively romantic drama has been a box office hit in cinemas
Blake Lively’s hit romantic drama It Ends With Us is a hit in cinemas, but what songs feature on the film’s soundtrack? Read on for all the info.
The romantic drama stars Lively as a flower shop owner who gets caught in a love triangle with her abusive partner Ryle, played by Justin Baldoni (Jane The Virgin), who also directs the film, and her childhood sweetheart Atlas, played by Brandon Sklenar (Vice).
The film is based on the 2016 bestselling book by Colleen Hoover and has made over $180million (£137million) at the worldwide box office to date. It also currently sits at second place at the UK box office, behind Alien: Romulus.
Ryan Reynolds and Lively recently became the first married couple to top the US box office since Bruce Willis and Demi Moore, with Deadpool & Wolverine and It Ends With Us taking the top two spots, just as Die Hard 2 and Ghost had done in 1990.
It was recently revealed that Reynolds wrote a scene in It Ends With Us in which Lively’s character Lily first meets Ryle, whom she eventually marries.
“The iconic rooftop scene, my husband actually wrote it. Nobody knows that, but you now,” she told E! News. “He works on everything I do. I work on everything he does. So his wins, his celebrations are mine and mine are his.”
Meanwhile, Lively also made a surprise appearance as Lady Deadpool in Deadpool & Wolverine. Their children, Inez and Olin, also appeared as Kidpool and Babypool.
As well as the original score by Rob Simonsen and Duncan Blickenstaff, It Ends With Us includes a raft of songs by contemporary pop and alternative acts, from Taylor Swift and Post Malone to Ethel Cain and Cigarettes After Sex.
The full list of songs in It Ends With Us is:
Ethel Cain – ‘Strangers’
Rhye – ‘Hymn’
Chyvonne Scott – ‘Everybody Needs a Friend’
Tow’rs – ‘Girl In Calico’
Barrett Strong – ‘Money (That’s What I Want)’
Fatboy Slim – ‘Praise You’
Thom Yorke – ‘Dawn Chorus’
Post Malone – ‘White Iverson’
Drama – ‘Dark Rain’
Cigarettes After Sex – ‘Nothing’s Gonna Hurt You Baby’
Dashboard Confessional – ‘Carry This Picture’
Brittany Howard – ‘I Don’t’
Birdy – ‘Skinny Love’
Lana Del Rey – ‘Cherry’
Lucinda Williams – ‘Fruits of My Labor’
Aldous Harding – ‘Horizon’
It Ends With Us Cast – ‘With Arms Wide Open’
Taylor Swift – ‘My Tears Ricochet’
Lewis Capaldi – ‘Love The Hell Out Of You’
Ethel Cain – ‘Everytime’
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.