By
Chris Piner
Thanks to singers like Post Malone, Beyonce, and even Lana Del Rey, country music become a hotbed for numerous artists looking to expand their stardom. Looking over the last few months, Beyonce captivated fans when she decided to enter country music with the release of her newest album Cowboy Carter. Thrilled about the reception she received from fans, it seems that Post Malone is just a few weeks away from his country music debut with F-1 Trillion. While fans discuss the addition of stars like Beyonce and Post Malone, country star Wheeler Walker Jr. had some colorful words about the new era of country music. 
With albums like Ol’ Wheeler, Sex Drugs & Country Music, and Redneck Shit, Walker Jr. isn’t afraid of sharing his thoughts. Given the themes and lyrics surrounding his music, the musician rarely found his music on the radio, but thanks to streaming and social media, Walker Jr. continues to grow his fanbase. And finding a home in country music, the star aimed at Post Malone in a new video where he stated, “Hey, Post Malone, Wheeler Walker Jr. here. Heard your new pop country song with Blake Shelton. Maybe the worst song I’ve ever heard.”
Don’t let corporate America fool you
[RELATED: “We Doin’ This or What, Post Malone?”: Luke Combs’ New Teaser Has Country Fans Buzzing]
While already collaborating with stars like Morgan Wallen and Blake Shelton, Post Malone gained high praise from fans. With many enjoying the new songs, Walker Jr. shared his own thoughts, admitting, “We’ve got enough sh**ty country without you, Post Malone. Don’t want your filth in country music. You’re dirtying it up. We don’t need people with sh*t all over their face. You’re basically Florida Georgia Line with face tattoos.”
And if that wasn’t enough, Walker Jr. ended his statement with a clear message to Post Malone, “Wheeler Walker Jr. says get the f**k out of country. You suck. We don’t like you. Go back to that crappy music you were doing before. Before I knew who you were. Mr. Malone. See you. Go home.”
Besides giving his thoughts, Post Malone continues to prepare for his country music debut, which happens on August 16 with the release of F-1 Trillion.
(Billy Bennight/ZUMA Wire/Shutterstock)
Only members can comment. Become a member. Already a member? Log in.
4 Songs with the Most Iconic Intros in Country Music
Watch Aerosmith’s Steven Tyler and Joe Perry Perform Together for the First Time in Two Years
Beyoncé Slapped With a Cease-And-Desist Over Tour Footage Involving the Las Vegas Sphere

			© 2025 American Songwriter			American Songwriter: a Savage Ventures Brand