Kool & The Gang and Toto were also set to take the stage at the Nov. 11 benefit.

													By
												

	Gil Kaufman


UPDATE: On Friday (Oct. 25), Joe Walsh and VetsAid announced the cancellation of the 2024 VetsAid benefit concert, citing “reasons beyond their control.” Despite the cancellation, VetsAid will still disburse $400,000 in grants to the recently announced grant recipients. “The wellbeing of our veterans and their families remains my foremost concern and the primary mission of VetsAid,” Walsh said in a statement announcing the cancellation. “While I am disappointed in the cancellation of this year’s event and apologize for any inconvenience to our fans, I am thrilled to share that VetsAid will provide $400,000 in grants to these fine organizations who will focus these funds on the ground in New York and New Jersey to veterans who have sacrificed so much and asked for so little in return.” Ticketmaster will be contacting all ticket holders with refund instructions.













	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Mase Wants Fans to Vote If He Should Attend Diddy's Trial		
	



	05/02/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Joe Walsh		
					






















	
		
					Post Malone		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

PREVIOUSLY: Post Malone has been added to the lineup for the upcoming eighth edition of Eagles guitarist and solo star Joe Walsh‘s VetsAid benefit show. The 2024 concert, which will take place at UBS Arena in Belmont Park, NY on Nov. 11, will also feature previously announced guest Eric Church, Toto, Kool & the Gang and Walsh.




			Trending on Billboard		






	“VetsAid is for EVERYONE: fans of all ages, backgrounds and musical genres,” Walsh said in a statement. “So who better to join the party than Posty – the man who can do it all? And do it so well?! Mix in the best of country with Eric, rock with Toto and funk with Kool and The Gang and you have a VetsAid for the ages. What better way to honor our veterans and their families this Veterans Day than with a night you will never forget?”

	Tickets for the event whose proceeds go to veterans’ service charities are available now here. The grant recipients who will benefit from this year’s show are all based in New York and New Jersey and have committed to using the funds exclusively in those states, according to a press release. 

	The 2024 large grant recipients are: Travis Manion Foundation, Fourblock, Hire Heroes Foundation, America’s VetDogs, Vets4Warriors, Our Military Kids, Foundation for Women Warriors, HunterSeven Foundation, Merging Vets & Players, while the community grant recipients include: Homeward Bound Adirondacks, Project Refit, AMVETS Service Foundation of New Jersey, North Country Veterans Association.

	










	The first VetsAid took place in 2017 and featured Walsh — a Gold Star son — jamming on his own songs and collaborating with Zac Brown Band, Keith Urban and Gary Clark Jr., while subsequent editions welcomed everyone from Chris Stapleton, Haim and Ringo Starr to ZZ Top, Jason Isbell & the 400 Unit, Brad Paisley, Eddie Vedder, Gwen Stefani, Metallica’s James Hetfield, Nine Inch Nails, Black Keys, the Foo Fighters’ Dave Grohl, Jeff Lynne’s ELO, Flaming Lips and Stephen Stills. To date, the events have distributed $3.5 million. 

	For more information on VetsAid click here.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.