At an opulent Scottsdale resort last 
year, the audience listening to Turning Point USA CEO Charlie Kirk was 
enraptured as he spoke about the “lawfare” being used against 
conservatives like the members of the secretive right-wing organization 
he was addressing. 
It’s of paramount importance, Kirk 
insisted, that Republicans double down on their support of indicted 
“heroes” — as Kirk, TPUSA and many others have done in the wake of 
Donald Trump’s numerous criminal indictments — so as not to give in to 
political opponents.
“‘Oh, they’re indicted.’ We have to support them 100 percent in any way we possibly can,” Kirk said.
 “I think the movement, in some ways, is seeing it for what it is, which
 is you’re not going to be able to take any more of our heroes off the 
chessboard. The only way that we’re going to stop supporting our own is 
if they stop actually sharing our values. That’s what we’re going to do.
 Not because some institution tells us.”
Seven months later, one of Kirk’s top lieutenants, TPUSA and TPUSA Action Chief Operating Officer Tyler Bowyer was charged with felonies for his role in a fake elector scheme
 allegedly concocted by Trump’s campaign. Also indicted was state Sen. 
Jake Hoffman, R-Queen Creek, another close ally of Kirk’s who, like 
Bowyer, was in the crowd as Kirk spoke in Scottsdale. 
All three men share more than just 
certain conservative beliefs and connections to the fake elector scheme:
 They’re also members of the Council for National Policy, a secretive 
Christian policy group that has been pushing Christian nationalism and 
fringe-right ideology into mainstream politics. 
Other notable CNP members from Arizona include far-right Patriot Party founder Daniel McCarthy and the CEO of the anti-abortion and anti-LGBTQ law firm Alliance Defending Freedom, which is headquartered in Scottsdale. 
The group’s membership also boasts former Vice President Mike Pence, Congressman Barry Loudermilk and many more of the Christian right’s biggest players. 
In documents provided exclusively to the Arizona Mirror by the investigative watchdog organization Documented, the membership of this secretive organization has been revealed and includes some prominent Arizonans. 
The Council for National Policy is a 
little known organization that consists of powerful conservative leaders
 across the country with the aim of further pushing conservative 
Christian views. Documents and records obtained by the Mirror shed 
further light on their goals, membership and beliefs. 
CNP was founded in 1981 by evangelical minister Tim LaHaye, who is known to most as one of the two authors of the “Left Behind” Christian book series. 
LaHaye founded a number of Christian 
advocacy organizations during his life, including CNP. Those 
organizations helped spur support from evangelical Christians and were 
largely seen as helping get George W. Bush elected president. 
He has also railed against the LGBTQ+ community, told his followers that the Illuminati is behind world affairs and called Roman Catholicism a “false religion.” 
LaHaye died in 2016, but the organizations he helped create are still working towards his goals. 
The Council for National Policy is a 501(c)(3) public charity. Although it is “non-partisan,”
 as is required for companies granted nonprofit status by the Internal 
Revenue Service, that doesn’t mean it doesn’t have an ideology. And the 
organization also runs CNP Action, a 501(c)(4) “dark money” group, which
 was tied to efforts to overturn Donald Trump’s 2020 loss to Joe Biden. 
Virginia “Ginni” Thomas, wife of U.S.
 Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas, made national headlines after it
 was revealed that she was part of a campaign to pressure state 
lawmakers to overturn Biden wins in battleground states, including Arizona. 
Ahead of the 2020 election, Thomas 
was already a part of CNP Action and, in 2019, had created a project 
with future Trump legal advisor Cleta Mitchell to push election fraud narratives in what they called “American D-Day,” according to documents obtained by Documented. 
That effort also included Kirk’s TPUSA, as well as other organizations backing Trump. 
As early as February 2020,
 CNP Action was alleging non-existent voter fraud and falsely claiming 
that Democrats were planning to steal the election. At a CNP conference,
 speakers included people who would go on to become key figures in 
creating and spreading false voter fraud narratives after the election, 
including True the Vote’s Catherine Engelbrecht. 
Shortly after the election, Mitchell and CNP began holding sessions asking what the next legal move would be for the election. 
In a slideshow presentation obtained by Documented, CNP urged its members
 to contact members of their state legislatures to invoke their 
authorities over the election, citing invented claims of widespread 
voter fraud. 
Thomas and others ended up using a system called FreeRoots,
 an email campaign service that allows people to send pre-written emails
 to elected officials. Thomas used it to encourage 29 Republican Arizona
 lawmakers to use their “plenary powers” to choose Donald Trump over Joe
 Biden, according to reporting by the Washington Post. 
FreeRoots was also connected to CNP via Eric Berger, a member of the organization who has previously worked at the Heritage Foundation. FreeRoots is now defunct, but Hoffman owns a service nearly identical to it called AlignAct. 
The Mirror previously reported that metadata in a document on AlignAct showed that Berger was involved in some capacity. 
It is unclear how long Hoffman has been involved with FreeRoots and AlignAct. In past financial disclosure
 statements, he listed “n/a” when asked what type of business activity 
AlignAct conducts, only describing it as “Public Engagement Software.” 
Hoffman has a track record of using 
technology for conservative political activism. His principal company, 
Rally Forge, was hired by Turning Point USA to push pro-Republican 
messages on social media. Hoffman and Rally Forge did that by creating 
“troll farms” ahead of the 2018 midterms, operating Facebook accounts 
that appeared to be Democrats but were, in fact, pushing conservative political messaging and disinformation. 
The creation of the fake accounts, a 
majority of which were run by teenagers that Rally Forge had hired, 
according to reporting by the Washington Post, eventually led Facebook to permanently ban Hoffman and Rally Forge. The company, and later Hoffman himself, were also permanently banned from Twitter, although after Elon Musk purchased the social media platform, Hoffman’s account was reinstated. 
Hoffman still lists the company in 
his financial disclosure statements and was one of the 29 Arizona 
lawmakers Thomas reached out to. 
By Dec. 10, 2020, CNP Action was calling on state legislators
 to send an “alternate” slate of electors to Congress for certification,
 furthering a plot by Trump’s campaign that has led to indictments in 
four states, including Arizona, where 18 people — including Bowyer and Hoffman — face criminal charges for participation in the fake elector scheme. 
The Dec. 10 letter was also signed by two people who helped organize the Jan. 6 rally, according to Documented. 
Hoffman and Bowyer did not respond to
 requests for comment about their membership with CNP and any 
connections they have with Thomas. 
In September 2023, CNP held a secret 
meeting at the Fairmont Scottsdale Princess, which bills itself as a AAA
 Five Diamond luxury resort. 
Speakers included Kirk, Arizona 
Christian University President Len Munsil, Trump campaign legal advisor 
Harmeet Dhillon, Kari Lake and Speaker of the Arizona House of 
Representatives Ben Toma. More than 400 CNP members attended, according to CNP. 
Kirk’s speech closed out the event, 
which also included panel discussions with Toma, Lake and others. He 
railed against journalists and said that conservatives should not want 
“approval by The New York Times and The Washington Post.” 
“I see Father Frank Pavone. I mean, 
he had the Pope after him, for goodness’ sake,” Kirk said after telling 
members to ignore the media. “It’s really something, Frank. I’ll tell 
you what, that’s really something. Not everyone can say that the Pope 
targeted you. DOJ, January 6th Committee, the Pope — that is a new one.”
Pavone recently stepped down from a position at the anti-abortion group Priests for Life after multiple allegations surfaced alleging sexual misconduct. He also gained notoriety after he placed an aborted fetus on an altar during a sermon in which he urged parishioners to vote for Trump. 
The Roman Catholic Church defrocked Pavone for his “blasphemous communications” on social media and repeatedly disobeying his bishop. 
Pavone is featured in CNP material about the Scottsdale event along with others who contributed to the anti-abortion book, “Legacy of Life,” about leaders in the anti-abortion movement. 
“Don’t send that kind of weak-kneed, 
vanilla statement of ‘No, I promise, I’m not a racist’ or ‘Please like 
me.’ No, we are at war with these people,” Kirk said of the media. 
“We’re at war with the news editor desk at The Washington Post. We’re at
 war with all their investigative organizations, ProPublica, and all of them. They want every one of our organizations to shut down. Shuttered. Infiltrated. Deconstructed from within.” 
Kirk claimed that Christian 
conservative organizations are getting “better” at responding to the 
media, citing recent controversies of TPUSA hiring extremists and racists. 
“When they say, ‘Oh, you can’t hire 
that person because that person’s a racist’ — which, by the way, I deal 
with this all the time. These incredible, young 27-, 28-year-old kids 
that might have been fired by some other organization because of some 
ridiculous article that CNN did on them because they wrote a tweet when 
they were 14 years old,” Kirk said. 
Recently, pro-Nazi streamers have celebrated
 that a large number of followers of white nationalist Nick Fuentes have
 been hired by TPUSA. Bowyer has gone on to call followers of Fuentes “OK-ish” while appearing on Kirk’s podcast. 
“I love hiring these kids,” Kirk told
 his fellow CNP members. “You do not take your marching orders from 
Oliver Darcy at CNN. You don’t. You don’t take your marching orders from
 The Huffington Post or from whatever organization that tries to come 
after you. No.”
In his speech, Kirk alluded to Trump 
losing the election due to voter fraud. There is no evidence of 
widespread voter fraud impacting the 2020 election. 
According to a “Year in Review”
 pamphlet created by CNP, there were “multiple panels” at the Scottsdale
 event that focused on “the need for election integrity measures.” 
“The Friday night dinner in 
Scottsdale provided a sobering look at the threats we face from a 
weaponized justice system,” the pamphlet says. “Politically motivated 
prosecutions have been aimed at conservatives who dared to serve in the 
Trump Administration, lawyers who offer to defend those officials, and 
average citizens participating in the political process by serving as an
 elector in their state.” 
Bowyer wasn’t the only new inductee to the group in September 2023. The CNP accepted 47 others, including conspiracy theorist Robert Malone, “apocalyptic” Texas pastor Gene Bailey and an author who has promoted the racist “Great Replacement” conspiracy theory. 
This report was first published by the Arizona Mirror.

This report was first published by the Arizona Mirror.

Arizona Christian University 
President Len Munsil told the 400 or so attendees at the September 2023 
Council on National Policy gathering in Scottsdale that he ran for 
governor in 2006 because he wanted free housing, and “mailed in” his bid
 once he learned that Arizona doesn’t have a governor’s mansion.
Munsil was whallopped at the polls by
 Janet Napolitano, capturing only 35% of the vote against the Democratic
 incumbent in a solidly Republican state. He explained to his fellow CNP members
 — Munsil said he’s been attending the group’s meetings since the 1980s —
 that his loss wasn’t because he was out of step with voters, but 
because he stopped trying to win since a victory wouldn’t give his large
 family a place to live.
“We had eight kids between ages 19 
and 10 at the time,” he said. “After I won the primary, I found out 
there was no governor’s mansion in Arizona. I sort of lost my motivation
 at that point and kind of mailed it in.”
Arizona is one of five states that 
does not have an official governor’s residence. The others are Idaho, 
Massachusetts, Vermont and Rhode Island.
Elsewhere in his speech, Munsil, who 
founded the anti-LGBTQ and anti-abortion Center for Arizona Policy, 
blamed his loss on a “blue wave” that stymied GOP candidates across the 
nation, likening his Republican primary election victory to “winning the
 last ticket on the Titanic’s maiden voyage.”
“It was the massive blue wave 
election of 2006. Not a single Republican challenger in the country 
defeated a Democratic incumbent, which was what I was up against,” he 
said. 
Munsil encouraged those in attendance
 to do three things: Keep building Christian institutions, focus on the 
“biblical worldview development of children” and encourage “young people
 to marry and have children.” 
“Today, as you see in the picture, we
 have 18 grandchildren, aged seven and under. Someday they’re going to 
out-vote the tiny number of grandchildren produced by woke Leftists. 
It’s that simple,” Munsil said. “So, I say again, we’re literally one 
generation away from a complete political and cultural turnaround. 
That’s how we win the future.”
Unlike most news outlets, the Tucson Sentinel publishes our stories without a paywall. We believe a healthy community depends on everyone having access to quality independent journalism. As a nonprofit organization, we're committed to providing real reporting to all Southern Arizona residents.
A single story can cost us thousands of dollars to report – some take months & months of dogged digging, others require paying for tall stacks of records that officials don't want to provide. Some mean driving to remote corners of Pima County, & some see our reporters sitting through endless government meetings to make sure they get the whole story & not just a quick headline. Our award-winning newsroom has some of the best reporters, photographers & editors in the state, and we're dedicated to getting the story right.
Our pioneering effort (we were one of the very first local nonprofit news outlets in the entire country) to rebuild local journalism will only work if enough people join our Watchdog Club community of paying members. Please join today for as little as $15/month.
For those who can't afford to contribute right now, please sign up for our free Watchdog Update newsletters, & help the spread word about the Sentinel to your friends, family, neighbors & co-workers. Your contributions help the Sentinel sustain & grow our nonprofit newsroom & bolster our commitment to delivering the important independent news our community needs to thrive.

Subscribe and stretch your donation over time:


Or give a secure one-time gift with PayPal or your credit card:

The Tucson Sentinel is published by Tucson Investigative Reporting Center Inc., an Arizona nonprofit organization. Your contribution is tax-deductible. 
 — 30 —
Arizona Christian University 
President Len Munsil told the 400 or so attendees at the September 2023 
Council on National Policy gathering in Scottsdale that he ran for 
governor in 2006 because he wanted free housing, and “mailed in” his bid
 once he learned that Arizona doesn’t have a governor’s mansion.
Munsil was whallopped at the polls by
 Janet Napolitano, capturing only 35% of the vote against the Democratic
 incumbent in a solidly Republican state. He explained to his fellow CNP members
 — Munsil said he’s been attending the group’s meetings since the 1980s —
 that his loss wasn’t because he was out of step with voters, but 
because he stopped trying to win since a victory wouldn’t give his large
 family a place to live.
“We had eight kids between ages 19 
and 10 at the time,” he said. “After I won the primary, I found out 
there was no governor’s mansion in Arizona. I sort of lost my motivation
 at that point and kind of mailed it in.”
Arizona is one of five states that 
does not have an official governor’s residence. The others are Idaho, 
Massachusetts, Vermont and Rhode Island.
Elsewhere in his speech, Munsil, who 
founded the anti-LGBTQ and anti-abortion Center for Arizona Policy, 
blamed his loss on a “blue wave” that stymied GOP candidates across the 
nation, likening his Republican primary election victory to “winning the
 last ticket on the Titanic’s maiden voyage.”
“It was the massive blue wave 
election of 2006. Not a single Republican challenger in the country 
defeated a Democratic incumbent, which was what I was up against,” he 
said. 
Munsil encouraged those in attendance
 to do three things: Keep building Christian institutions, focus on the 
“biblical worldview development of children” and encourage “young people
 to marry and have children.” 
“Today, as you see in the picture, we
 have 18 grandchildren, aged seven and under. Someday they’re going to 
out-vote the tiny number of grandchildren produced by woke Leftists. 
It’s that simple,” Munsil said. “So, I say again, we’re literally one 
generation away from a complete political and cultural turnaround. 
That’s how we win the future.”
Unlike most news outlets, the Tucson Sentinel publishes our stories without a paywall. We believe a healthy community depends on everyone having access to quality independent journalism, whether they can afford to pay or not. As a nonprofit organization, we're committed to providing real reporting to everyone in Southern Arizona.
But a single story can cost us thousands of dollars to report – some take months and months of dogged digging, others require paying for tall stacks of records that officials don't want to provide. Some mean driving to remote corners of Pima County, and some see our reporters sitting through endless government meetings to make sure they get the whole story and not just a quick headline. Our award-winning newsroom has some of the best reporters, photographers & editors in the state, and we're dedicated to getting the story right.
Our pioneering effort to rebuild local news will only work if enough people join our Watchdog Club community of paying members. Please join today for as little as $15/month.
For those who can't afford to contribute right now, please sign up for one of our free Watchdog Update newsletters, and help the spread word about the Sentinel to your friends, family, neighbors & co-workers. Your contributions help the Sentinel sustain & grow our nonprofit newsroom & bolster our commitment to delivering the important independent news our community needs to thrive.
A smarter Tucson is a better Tucson — and the Sentinel shines a light on this town because we love it. Please join with us today. 

I want to help TucsonSentinel.com offer a real news alternative!


Subscribe and stretch your donation over time:


Or give a secure one-time gift with PayPal or your credit card:

The Tucson Sentinel is published by Tucson Investigative Reporting Center Inc., an Arizona nonprofit organization. Your contribution is tax-deductible. 

	Get the latest authentically local news from TucsonSentinel.com.
	
Tucson Sentinel's independent nonprofit newsroom is an award-winning journalism pioneer that learns from & informs Southern Arizonans about the community challenges & unique culture of our Borderlands.

		Through watchdog reporting, local commentary & expert analysis, the Sentinel inspires residents to be meaningfully engaged with our community, promotes transparency & understanding, seeks solutions that empower, & holds the powerful accountable.

"rewriting local news, the right way"
		
© 2009-2025 TucsonSentinel.com, Tucson, Arizona
Best in Internet Exploder
"authentically local news for Tucson"
		

							 Get the latest authentically local news from TucsonSentinel.com. 
							
Tucson Sentinel's independent nonprofit newsroom learns from & informs Southern Arizonans about the community challenges & unique culture of our Borderlands.

			Through watchdog reporting, local commentary & expert analysis, the Sentinel inspires residents to be meaningfully engaged with our community, promotes transparency & understanding, seeks solutions that empower, & holds the powerful accountable.