By DEIRDRE DURKAN-SIMONDS FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  17:02, 7 June 2024   |  Updated:  18:06, 7 June 2024   
 2
View  comments
Morgan Wallen broke Taylor Swift's record for most weeks at number one on the Billboard Hot 100 Chart in the 2020s.
Following the release of his track, I Had Some Help, with Post Malone, the country superstar, 31, beat out the pop star, 34, and Roddy Rich, who were previously tied with 18 weeks at the top of Billboard's all-genre Hot 100 list.
According to one fan account on X, Wallen's latest collab 'has returned to #1 on the US Spotify chart in its 27th day, gaining 3,125,853 streams.' 
Social media users were quick to celebrate the Cowgirls hitmaker's latest accomplishment as they declared him the 'GOAT' [Greatest Of All Time]' and 'hottest artist right now.'
After album, One Thing At A Time, in March, Wallen set a record for claiming an  unprecedented 30 spots on the Streaming Songs chart. 
Morgan Wallen broke Taylor Swift's record for most weeks at number one on the Billboard Hot 100 Chart in the 2020s; seen last year at The 57th Annual CMA Awards
Swift has since claimed the title after her 11th album, The Tortured Poets Department, secured 31 songs on the streaming chart. 
This comes just two months after he broke an attendance record at Lucas Oil Stadium in Indianapolis, Indiana. 
While revealing that he shattered a record at the 67,000-capacity venue, the performer joked that he would hold the honor until 'Taylor Swift comes to town in the fall.' 
This sparked concertgoers to start booing. 
'We ain't got to boo, we ain't got to boo,' he told his fans. 'I appreciate that... I know y'all got my back, though.' 
Last month, Country Insider revealed that his 'sold-out, three-night run at Nashville’s Nissan Stadium contributed to a record-setting weekend of hotel bookings' in Music City. 
Per the outlet, more than '75,000 hotel rooms were sold for May 3-4 – the most ever in the city’s history.'
The weekend exceeded 'the number for the same weekend in 2023, when Swift’s Eras Tour came to town.' 
Following the release of his track, I Had Some Help, with Post Malone, the country superstar, 31, beat out the pop star, 34, (seen in May 2024) and Roddy Rich, who were previously tied with 18 weeks at the top of Billboard's all-genre Hot 100 list
Social media users were quick to celebrate the Cowgirls hitmaker's latest accomplishment as they declared him the 'GOAT' [Greatest Of All Time]' and 'hottest artist right now'
In April, Wallen made headlines after he was arrested for allegedly chucking a chair off a rooftop bar in downtown Nashville. 
The singer was charged with three counts of felony reckless endangerment and one count of misdemeanor disorderly conduct, with officers alleging the chair landed three feet from them.
He previously faced substantial backlash in 2021 when TMZ released a video of the singer saying the N-word to one of his friends after a night out.
After the footage of Wallen using the racial slur went viral, many radio stations stopped playing his music and the Country Music Association removed Wallen's appearances from their platforms.
He previously faced substantial backlash in 2021 when TMZ released a video of the singer saying the N-word to one of his friends after a night out.
Last month, Country Insider revealed that his 'sold-out, three-night run at Nashville’s Nissan Stadium contributed to a record-setting weekend of hotel bookings' in Music City (seen in May 2024)
Per the outlet, more than '75,000 hotel rooms were sold for May 3-4 – the most ever in the city’s history' (including the same weekend in 2023 when Swift's Eras Tour came to town); pictured last year
His songs were removed from Apple Music, Pandora and Spotify featured playlists because of the sandal.
Wallen's record label, Big Loud, suspended its recording contract with him indefinitely.
The Academy of Country Music announced that Wallen and his most recent album at the time, Dangerous: The Double Album, would be ineligible for the 56th Annual Academy of Country Music Awards. 
In the week after the racism, album sales for Dangerous surged and the digital sales went up over 100 per cent.
He even remained on top of the Billboard charts for seven more weeks.
In April, 2021, Wallen donated $300,000 to the Black Music Action Coalition in the names of 20 people who had counseled him after he used the racial slur.
Wallen publicly spoke of his comments on Good Morning America on July 23, where he said that 'he was around some of his friends, and they say dumb stuff together' and said that 'he was wrong' to express those words.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group