Photo by Astrida Valigorsky/WireImage/Getty Images
A video is circulating showing Morgan Wallen getting whacked in the face with a fan’s thong while singing on stage, and it’s pretty fabulous.
The star seemed completely at ease while handling the unexpected undergarments that were thrown right at him during his June 21 concert in Minneapolis, Minnesota. The video shows Wallen singing “I Had Some Help,” a collaborative song with Post Malone, and just as he leans down to belt out the tunes, the pretty little panties are thrown right into his face.
INDIO, CALIFORNIA – APRIL 28: Post Malone and Morgan Wallen perform at the T-Mobile Mane Stage during the 2024 Stagecoach Festival at Empire Polo Club on April 28, 2024 in Indio, California. (Photo by Amy Sussman/Getty Images for Stagecoach)
Social Update: Morgan Wallen Hit In Face With Fan’s Thong During Concert. Morgan Wallen got a face full of thong during a recent concert, when a fan threw the underwear garment at him as he performed on stage … and it’s all on… https://t.co/mOrcJAthc4 #tmz #theartsandus pic.twitter.com/OmCJA5WB6x
— City 2 the Suburbs (@CenterStageEvnt) June 25, 2024
In true country star fashion, he took in the moment without any hesitation, almost as though the panty-throw was a natural part of his choreography.
Welp, now some random fan has her drawers.
🎥: Jordanvoth19 (IG) https://t.co/x508S1NhjI pic.twitter.com/CFhE1SCXtc
— Whiskey Riff (@WhiskeyRiff) June 22, 2024
The video of a blue thong covering his face for a few seconds is being widely shared on the internet, and it’s hard to miss that Wallen treated this like an every day occurrence. The famous singer reacted by smoothly catching the panties, that seemed to float perfectly in front of him. As soon as he had the thongs in his hands, he waved them at the crowd. The fans in the audience responded by cheering him on, as they excitedly took in the famous singer’s very slick recovery.
He smirked as he made his way across the stage in his black cowboy boots, skinny jeans and button-up shirt.
LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA – SEPTEMBER 24: Morgan Wallen performs onstage during Morgan Wallen’s Dangerous Tour, Night 1 at Los Angeles’ Crypto.com Arena on September 24, 2022 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by John Shearer/Getty Images for Morgan Wallen)
NASHVILLE, TENNESSEE – NOVEMBER 09: Morgan Wallen attends The 56th Annual CMA Awards at Bridgestone Arena on November 09, 2022, in Nashville, Tennessee. (Photo by Jason Kempin/Getty Images)
Wallen eventually tossed the mystery thongs off stage before he made his way back to the spotlight to complete his song. (RELATED: Morgan Wallen’s Mother Blasts Nashville For Refusing To Support His Restaurant)
There has been a spike in incidents involving objects being thrown at stars while they perform on stage over the past year or so. Bebe Rexha was injured when she was hit in the face, Nicki Minaj, Cardi B and Drake have both had objects dangerously hurled at them, as has Harry Styles, and many other performers. This particular thong-throw didn’t seem to be a dangerous endeavor, and judging by the ease with which the matter was handled, it’s safe to say Wallen didn’t seem to mind at all.
https://dailycaller.com/author/Leena/
TRENDING
©2025 The Daily Caller, Inc.
The Daily Caller | 1775 Eye Street NW | Suite 1150-290 | Washington, DC 20006
Subscription Type
Unlimited digital access to The Daily Caller
Premium Article: Subscribe for $1 to read the rest.

							Continue Reading
						
Already have an account?Login
A membership will get you:
Please create a free account to continue reading.

							Sign Up
						
Already have an account?Login
I have read and agree to the Terms of Use

						I have read and agree to the Terms of Service


						I have read and agree to the Terms of Service


						I have read and agree to the Terms of Service

I have read and agree to the Terms of Use
I have read and agree to the Terms of Use

							I have read and agree to the Terms of Service


						I have read and agree to the Terms of Use


					With personal stories and down-to-earth life lessons, this mother is taking on narratives of feminism and motherhood. Catch her in your inbox every Thursday.
				

							I have read and agree to the Terms of Service


				With personal stories and down-to-earth life lessons, this mother is taking on narratives of feminism and motherhood. Catch her in your inbox every Thursday.
			

				I have read and agree to the Terms of Service


					He's breaking the Left's monopoly on advice columns and hot takes. Add a little humor to your inbox every Friday.
				

							I have read and agree to the Terms of Service


				He's breaking the Left's monopoly on advice columns and hot takes. Add a little humor to your inbox every Friday.
			

				I have read and agree to the Terms of Service


					Amber Duke, senior editor at the Daily Caller, delivers the inside scoop from Washington straight to your inbox.
				

					Twice a week, get original reporting, sharp analysis, and biting commentary—all from the perspective of a blue-collar kid stuck in the Beltway.
				

						I have read and agree to the Terms of Service


					Amber Duke, senior editor at the Daily Caller, delivers the inside scoop from Washington straight to your inbox.
				

					Twice a week, get original reporting, sharp analysis, and biting commentary—all from the perspective of a blue-collar kid stuck in the Beltway.
				

							I have read and agree to the Terms of
								Service

$3.00
A Month (Billed Annually)
Cancel Anytime
$8.25
A Month (Billed Annually)
Cancel Anytime
$9.95
A Month
Cancel Anytime
$12.50
A Month (Billed Annually)
Cancel Anytime
Honor Our Heroes Program: Verify your Active Military, Veteran, or First Responder Status for Additional Discounts
Readers,
Instead of sucking up to the political and corporate powers that dominate America, The Daily Caller is fighting for you — our readers. We humbly ask you to consider joining us in this fight.
Now that millions of readers are rejecting the increasingly biased and even corrupt corporate  media and 
					joining us daily, there are powerful forces lined up to stop us: the old guard of the news media hopes 
					to marginalize us; the big corporate ad agencies want to deprive us of revenue and put us out of business; 
					senators threaten to have our reporters arrested for asking simple questions; the big tech platforms want 
					to limit our ability to communicate with you; and the political party establishments feel threatened by our 
					independence.
				
We don't complain -- we can't stand complainers --  but we do call it how we see it. We have a fight on our 
					hands, and it's intense. We need your help to smash through the big tech, big media and big government blockade.
				
We're the insurgent outsiders for a reason: our deep-dive investigations hold the powerful to account. 
					Our original videos undermine their narratives on a daily basis. Even our insistence on having fun infuriates 
					them -- because we won’t bend the knee to political correctness.
				
One reason we stand apart is because we are not afraid to say we love America. We love her with every fiber of 
					our being, and we think she's worth saving from today’s craziness.
				
Help us save her.
A second reason we stand out is the sheer number of honest responsible reporters we have helped train.  We have 
					trained so many solid reporters that they now hold prominent positions at publications across the political 
					spectrum. Hear a rare reasonable voice at a place like CNN? There’s a good chance they were trained at Daily 
					Caller. Same goes for the numerous Daily Caller alumni dominating the news coverage at outlets such as Fox News, 
					Newsmax, Daily Wire and many others.
				
Simply put, America needs solid reporters fighting to tell the truth or we will never have honest elections or a 
					fair system. We are working tirelessly to make that happen and we are making a difference.
				
Since 2010, The Daily Caller has grown immensely. We're in the halls of Congress. We're in the Oval Office. 
					And we're in up to 20 million homes every single month. That's 20 million Americans like you who are impossible 
					to ignore.
				
We can overcome the forces lined up against all of us. This is an important mission but we can’t do it unless you — 
					the everyday Americans forgotten by the establishment — have our back.
				
Please consider becoming a Daily Caller Patriot today, and help us keep doing work that holds politicians, 
					corporations and other leaders accountable. Help us thumb our noses at political correctness. Help us train a new 
					generation of news reporters who will actually tell the truth. And help us remind Americans everywhere that there 
					are millions of us who remain clear-eyed about our country's greatness.
				
In return for membership, Daily Caller Patriots will be able to read The Daily Caller without any of the ads that 
					we have long used to support our mission. We know the ads drive you crazy. They drive us crazy too. But we need 
					revenue to keep the fight going. If you join us, we will cut out the ads for you and put every Lincoln-headed cent 
					we earn into amplifying our voice, training even more solid reporters, and giving you the ad-free experience and 
					lightning fast website you deserve.
				
Patriots will also be eligible for Patriots Only content, newsletters, chats and live events with our reporters 
					and editors. It's simple: welcome us into your lives, and we'll welcome you into ours.
				
We can save America together.
Become a Daily Caller Patriot today.
Neil Patel
Internal promotions, affiliate content, recommended content and spam will be embedded in their paid 
					content and players may still be included on the site.
				
CONTENT
CONTINUE READING FOR $120 $1
ALSO, ENJOY THE MANY BENEFITS OF PATRIOTS MEMBERSHIP