By 

	Tomás Mier


	Fans taking a look at a preorder page for Post Malone‘s F-1 Trillion last week got an unexpected sneak peek at what appeared to be a list of guests on the singer’s new album. According to an image originally listed on Target’s website, and captured by fans on X, Malone will feature country icons such as Chris Stapleton, Dolly Parton, and Brad Paisley on his upcoming LP. The track list was confirmed on Wednesday, via an ad taken out in Nashville’s the Tennessean newspaper.
August 16th pic.twitter.com/xupSt7FI6Z

	An image of the track list for the highly-anticipated project includes Billy Strings, Lainey Wilson, Jelly Roll, Chris Stapleton, Ernest, Hank Williams Jr. and Tim McGraw. He’s set to release the record on Aug. 16. 

	Last Friday, Malone released “Guy for That” with Luke Combs, which was preceded by “I Had Some Help” with Morgan Wallen (the track reached No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100), and “Pour Me a Drink” with Blake Shelton. (“Guy for That” is one of two Combs features on the album.)

	










	Malone’s been teasing his country LP for months. He started his cowboy era in April with a surprise performance at the famed Ryman Auditorium, followed a few weeks later by his set at Stagecoach, where he performed a host of country covers and was joined on stage by the likes of Brad Paisley, Dwight Yokam, and Sara Evans.
I used the target app to verify, but here:https://t.co/uBCwGjjN0U pic.twitter.com/doRlhX9rdo

	He also appeared at the 2024 ACM Awards, honored Dickey Betts with a cover of “Ramblin’ Man” with Reba McEntire, and joined Beyoncé on “Levii’s Jeans” from Cowboy Carter. 





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Walton Goggins Shuts Down Interview Over Aimee Lou Wood Questions		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Piper Rockelle Has a Lot to Say About That Netflix Documentary		
	








	Malone will also hit the road in September to play stadiums and amphitheaters throughout the fall, including stops at Boston’s Fenway Park and Atlanta’s Lakewood Amphitheatre.

Post Malone’s F-1 Trillion track list:
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.