Share
For the first time, San Jose will host a Latin house music festival for one day only. The San Jose Foos are taking over Discovery Meadows on Woz Way on Saturday and will turn it into a "tech-house music mecca" for all to enjoy.
SAN JOSE, Calif. - For the first time, San Jose will host a Latin house music festival for one day only. The San Jose Foos are taking over Discovery Meadows on Woz Way on Saturday and will turn it into a "tech-house music mecca" for all to enjoy. 
The event begins at 2 p.m. on Saturday and will host musical talents such as Lee Foss, Malone, Noya and more, and with DJ and producer GORDO headlining. 
"Thousands of attendees dancing away in one of the most beautiful outdoor spaces in San Jose," the Foos said in a post about the one-day festival.
Born in Oakland, and raised in San Leandro, Ismael Olage, better known as 96 Vibe, says he can’t wait to DJ at Saturday’s rave, which is expected to attract about 5,000 people. 
"This is like one of the first big shows, which is like a big deal for us," said Olage. 
He says Latin tech house music is growing in popularity, because of its heavily based Latin, African and tribal sounds.
THERMAL, CALIFORNIA - APRIL 17: DJ Gordo performs during Casamigos at Tao Desert Nights presented by Jeeter at Cavallo Ranch on April 17, 2022 in Thermal, California. (Photo by Jerritt Clark/Getty Images for Casamigos Tequila) 
"They can expect a lot of high energy, and it’s about bringing the community together to enjoy amazing food, enjoy the music and just let yourself be free and dance to really good music," said Olage. 
Fans can expect an open-air space with food trucks, and GORDO is expected to bring his exclusive TARAKA brand to the park. One fan at The Continental Bar nearby says it's an unexpected surprise a Latin house music festival of this magnitude is happening in San Jose.  
"Usually, I go to San Francisco or outside the Bay Area to find festivals like this. So, it’s amazing that it’s going to be here because, I mean, there’s going to be thousands of people," said Jay Florence, of San Jose. 
Staff at The Continental Bar say they’re prepared to welcome festival goers who may not be ready for the party to end Saturday night. The bar is also known for playing some of the best house music in downtown San Jose.
"They can expect our own DJ in-house to play house music from 9 p.m. to 1:30 a.m. We’ve got fire pits in the back. People can hang out there and lounge," said Loretto Valiao, The Continental Bar.   
Some of the Bay Area's food trucks and vendors will also be available for all attendees ready to jam out all day to Latin house music. 
The event is open to those 18 and older. Tickets start at $40 and can be purchased here.
All the news you need to know, every day
By clicking Sign Up, I confirmthat I have read and agreeto the Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX Television Stations