Luke Combs and Post Malone have been spotted around Nashville in the last few weeks filming what looks like their music video for their much-talked-about collaboration on Post Malone's upcoming country album. The song is called "Guy For That."
Both Combs and Malone posted a very short clip of the music video, and it appears the two are performing outside of a downtown Nashville establishment.
The Instagram post for the country stars is captioned, "Guy For That out 7.26 @lukecombs."
Luke posted a snippet of the new song on his Instagram last week.
He posted a clip of the song, and the lyrics include: "Buddy, what I really need is someone to put tires back in the drive / Lose what's left of my ever-loving mind / I'm damn near down to my last dime."
The chorus' lyrics include, "She's searching for someone who can build it back / But I ain't got a guy for that / Aint got a guy for that."
Combs captioned the song clip, "We doin' this or what, @postmalone?"
Luke's fans were beside themselves over the new song clip, and many commented on the post. One die-hard wrote, "Love that Posty is everywhere." Another fan said, "This is the track I've been waiting for." One more fan gushed, "Okay, Luke! I heard the light flex."
See that post here. 
In February, Malone first teased the duet with Combs. He posted a video of him jamming to his new collaboration with Luke Combs on his Instagram.
In the video, Post is wearing a plaid brown coat and sitting on a chair with a cigarette in his hand, bobbing his head as the song plays. The lyrics say in part, "She's searching for someone whose gonna give it back, and I ain't got time for that."
See that post here. 
RELATED: Luke Combs Brings ‘Twisters’ Movie Cast On Stage To ‘Shotgun’
Combs has talked a lot about being an only child. He has also talked about what he learned from his parents and what he is passing down to his young sons Tex and Beau.
A few years ago, Luke talked to me about his parents, Chester and Rhonda Combs: "I got a hard-working attitude, and I've always been a benefactor of making the best of whatever situation you're in. I learned that from them as well, and to be smart about the way you spend your money, the things that you get, and how you operate as kind of a family unit."
Combs is proud of what they instilled in him from a young age. He offered, "You know, they did a great job raising me; I feel like they did. And so I'm just thankful for years of advice and a bunch of love from them as well."
Which parent instilled in him a good personality and the gift of gab? The country superstar told me, "I think it's a little bit of both. I think my mom is a big talker. She loves to talk, be around people, and make people happy. So I got that from her. And then my dad is a big conversationalist."

                    Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!