By SALINA POST
In the days leading up to the Aug. 6 Primary Election, check Salina Post for profiles introducing the community to the candidates running for public office. 
The Salina Post sent questionnaires to the candidates asking for biographical information, initiatives they hope to champion and changes they would like to see made. 
If you live outside of Saline County check with your local elections officer for election deadlines.
📢 Early Voting Has Begun! 🗳️
Head over to the City-County Building at 300 W Ash St to cast your vote early!
🗓️ Schedule:
Mon-Fri: 8 a.m. - 5 p.m.
Saturday, Aug 3: 9 a.m. - 4 p.m.
Monday, Aug 5: 8 a.m. - 12 p.m.
Get ahead of the crowd and avoid the Election Day rush. Saline County’s friendly election workers are ready to assist you.
🗳️ Want to see a sample ballot? Visit myvoteinfo.voteks.org/VoterView to get yours!
Full Name: Kathleen Malone Crouch, candidate for Saline County Commission District 2
Age: 70
Current Occupation: Retired
Educational Background: Bachelor of Science in Education with 35 hours graduate credit
Professional Experience: Classroom teacher, Coordinator of Gifted Education for a school district, manager of a corporate-owned Day Care Center, Child Care Surveyor, Office Specialist
Previous Political Experience (if any): None
Why are you running for Saline County Commission?
I believe that I can help make a difference in Saline County by continuing to bring the county up to date in its infrastructure and processes.
What are your top three priorities if elected?
Assure that all employees and constituents who enter into a County Department are in a safe place. Assure that employment in Saline County is competitive, thus enabling the County to attract enough qualified candidates. Achieving the first two goals through the use of grants, Star Bonds, or other available federal or state funds so as to keep taxpayer expense in Saline County at or below the current level.
What is your long-term vision for Saline County?
My long-term vision is to continue to bring Saline County up to the expected standards of the 21st century.
What one part of county government would receive more attention if you were elected?
Infrastructure needs attention.
Do you plan to promote any changes to existing taxes? If so, why?
No, see above.
What are the county's most pressing needs for infrastructure or capital projects?
To provide a safe and healthy building for every department of Saline County.
What is your stance on affordable housing?
Saline County has a responsibility to preserve rural farmland as it is written in our policies. I believe that it is the responsibility of the city, the county, and the businesses which bring in multiple new employees to assure the existence of affordable housing.
What is your stance on mitigating and preventing homelessness?
I believe that we have a crisis in this country, which often stems from mental health issues that help cause homelessness. Until and unless those issues are fully addressed, we will continue to have those problems. That said, I do what I can to volunteer and to donate items to various social programs in Saline County. I do not believe that mandating the general population to care for their fellow man is the answer.
What is your experience with preparing or authorizing budgets?
I have worked with budgets in public schools, in businesses, and have assisted with budgets for three departments of Saline County.
If new resources were available, what one area of county services would you feel most needs additional resources?
On this question, I am torn. I see a need for more in the Health Department, in Road & Bridge, in the County Attorney’s Office, and perhaps in salaries overall.
Should any part of the county budget be shielded from cuts? And if so, which area?
I am not sure on this.
What element of the county's government is most effective, and why?
The current staff works well together.
Are county taxes too high, about right, or pleasantly low?
I believe that county taxes are currently at the level they need to be at.
What do you feel is the county's role concerning water quality standards?
The Environmental Health Department helps assure water quality in rural Saline County. I believe that they operate very well.
Why should people elect you to serve as a commissioner?
I believe that I am the best candidate for the job because I worked collaboratively with so many different departments during the time that I was in Planning & Zoning.
Copyright © 2025 Salina Post - Powered byEagle Radio