The country-tinged snippet arrives on the heels of his chart-topping collab with Morgan Wallen.

													By
												

	Mitchell Peters


Post Malone has just teased what might become the ultimate father-daughter wedding dance song.

	On Father’s Day (June 16), the superstar singer shared a 35-second snippet of a soaring country anthem about a father giving away his daughter on her wedding day.

	“When I walk her down that isle and do what daddies have to do,” Malone gently sings on the track. “And she might be wearing white, but her first dress it was pink/ She might be your better half, yeah, well, she’s my everything/ We’ll both love her forever, but I loved her long before/ And one day I know I’ll give her away, buddy that don’t mean she’s yours.”

	“Happy Father’s Day,” Malone, who announced the birth of his daughter in 2022, captioned the post.

	










	The catchy new song arrives on the heels of Malone’s smash hit “I Had Some Help” (featuring Morgan Wallen), which has spent four weeks at No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart.




			Trending on Billboard		






	The comments section of Malone’s teaser on social media was instantly flooded with fans declaring it the perfect father-daughter wedding dance song.

	“I didn’t think I’d ever get married up until until I heard this bc now I need this to be my father daughter dance song,” one user wrote on Instagram.

	Another fan on X (formerly Twitter) jokingly inquired about lining up the star for their wedding reception. “Post Malone how much is it to book you for private wedding performance,” they wrote.

	“My dad walked me down the aisle to Sunflower and my husband and I walked out to Congratulations. I needed this for my father daughter dance!” another fan commented on Instagram.

	Malone has been dipping his toe into country music for months now, including a team-up with Beyonce for “Levii’s Jeans” from her Cowboy Carter album, appearances on country awards shows, and forthcoming collaborations with Luke Combs and Blake Shelton. 

	Malone confirmed to Access Hollywood in 2023 that he does indeed have a country music album in the works. “I think so… yes,” the singer revealed at the time. 

	In addition to covering Brad Paisley’s “I’m Gonna Miss Her (The Fishin’ Song),” Malone has performed on stage with a number of other country stars, including Little Big Town and Darius Rucker. He’s also been pictured in the studio or in writing rooms with Paisley and Combs.

	At the 2024 ACM Awards, Posty previewed some new music for fans, performing a heartbreak ballad titled “Never Love You Again.” And during last year’s CMA Awards, he teamed with Wallen and HARDY to perform a tribute to the late Joe Diffie, offering up cover versions of Diffie’s “John Deere Green” and “Pickup Man.” Shortly after, Malone made his Billboard Country Airplay chart debut with “Pickup Man” from HARDY’s Hixtape Vol. 3: Difftape project.

	










	Listen to a snippet of Malone’s new song below.
A post shared by @postmalone
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.