By JUSTIN ENRIQUEZ FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  18:14, 14 May 2024   |  Updated:  18:19, 14 May 2024   
 5
View  comments
Road House starring Jake Gyllenhaal will live to fight another day.
Amazon Prime Video announced that a sequel to the action flick is currently in the works and that the 43-year-old leading man will be returning for the flick.
The streaming giant also boasted very impressive numbers in an Instagram post with the announcement which read: 'With nearly 80 million viewers to date, Jake Gyllenhaal is set to reprise his role as Elwood Dalton in a Road House sequel.'
Details about the upcoming sequel still remain under wraps but the major studio revealed that it getting greenlit has a great deal to do with the success the movie saw when it came to streaming numbers.
 Amazon MGM Studio chief Jennifer Salke said at the studio's first ever upfront presentation on Tuesday: 'As we saw this spring the world went crazy for a little movie called Road House.
Amazon Prime Video announced that a sequel Road House starring Jake Gyllenhaal currently in the works and that the 43-year-old leading man will be returning for the flick
The streaming giant also boasted very impressive numbers in an Instagram post with the announcement which read: 'With nearly 80 million viewers to date, Jake Gyllenhaal is set to reprise his role as Elwood Dalton in a Road House sequel'
'Nearly 80 million viewers globally have watched Road House. We like to watch this these results like a baby.'
 The remake of the classic 1989 film starring Patrick Swayze was written by Anthony Bagarozzi and Charles Mondry and directed by Doug Liman.
Gyllenhaal was joined on screen by the likes of former UFC champion Conor McGregor, Jessica Williams, Lukas Gage, Billy Magnussen, Daniela Melchlor, and rapper Post Malone.
It remains unclear if the rest of the cast and crew outside of Gyllenhaal will be returning. 
Back in March, writer of the original film Lance Hill sued Amazon.com in an attempt to halt the remake of the 1989 film Road House, arguing the film violates his rights in the original's screenplay.
Lance, 81, said in the California federal court lawsuit Amazon never received a license to remake his screenplay after he reclaimed his copyright in it. 
He requested an unspecified amount of monetary damages and a court order to block Amazon from distributing the movie without a new license.
An Amazon MGM Studios spokesperson said the lawsuit was 'completely without merit.'
The remake of the classic 1989 film starring Patrick Swayze was written by Anthony Bagarozzi and Charles Mondry and directed by Doug Liman
Gyllenhaal was joined on screen by the likes of former UFC champion Conor McGregor (pictured), Jessica Williams, Lukas Gage, Billy Magnussen, Daniela Melchlor, and rapper Post Malone
Hill's attorney, Marc Toberoff, said that major studios should 'respect the fundamental rights and artistry of creators on whose sweat and toil their empires are based.'
The lawsuit said Hill wrote the Road House screenplay in 1986 and transferred his rights to the film's producer United Artists later that year.
U.S. copyright law allows artists to terminate transfers and reclaim their rights after decades in some circumstances. Hill told the court that he notified Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, which owns United Artists, in 2021 that he was reclaiming his rights to the screenplay.
MGM allegedly responded that Hill could not reclaim the copyright.
Amazon acquired MGM in March 2022. Hill said he regained his copyright last November, and that Amazon set a deadline to finish the film the day before the termination became effective.
Hill said Amazon took 'extreme measures' to meet the deadline, including using artificial intelligence to recreate actors' voices during a Screen Actors Guild strike, but did not finish the movie until January.
Back in March, writer of the original film Lance Hill sued Amazon.com in an attempt to halt the remake of the 1989 film Road House - starring Patrick Swayze -  arguing the film violates his rights in the original's screenplay 
Amazon's spokesperson denied that the remake uses any AI in place of actors' voices.
Hill frequently used the pseudonym David Lee Henry in Hollywood and he is best known for the cult film Road House.
Henry is credited with creating the story for the original Road House and shares screenplay co-writing credit with Hilary Henkin, 71.
Reset to the Florida Keys, the remake is directed by Doug Liman, whose filmography includes Swingers, The Bourne Identity and Mr. & Mrs. Smith. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group