Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
The song is included on a special edition of Swift's new album set for release on April 19. 

							By 

	Zoe G. Phillips


Taylor Swift has announced yet another special edition of the Tortured Poets Department, this one featuring the bonus track “The Albatross.”

	The superstar singer-songwriter made the announcement on her social media early Friday morning, just a week after she announced a separate special edition of the new album, set for release April 19, with the bonus track “The Bolter.”



	The news comes as Swift continues her Eras Tour, taking the jaunt to Australia. She performed in Sydney on Friday, but the concert was delayed due to inclement weather.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	TV
			



	
		
					'The Summer I Turned Pretty' Drops Taylor Swift-Heavy Teaser for Final Season		
			














	
	Business
			



	
		
					Webby Awards 2025: Rihanna, Taylor Swift, Kendrick Lamar, Taika Waititi Among Winners		
			







A post shared by Taylor Swift (@taylorswift)

	Swift first announced her album during an acceptance speech at the 2024 Grammy Awards, after winning the trophy for best pop vocal album for her 10th album, Midnights. She took home album of the year later that night. 

	“This is my 13th Grammy,” Swift said just before making her announcement, acknowledging her proclaimed lucky number. “I want to say thank you to the members of the Recording Academy for voting this way, but I know that the way that the Recording Academy voted is a direct reflection of the passion of the fans. So I want to say ‘thank you’ to the fans by telling you a secret that I’ve been keeping from you for the last two years — which is that my brand-new album comes out April 19.”

	The 16-song TTPD tracklist, which Swift released the next day, boasts features from Post Malone and Florence + the Machine, along with a 17th bonus track titled “The Manuscript.” 

	See the tracklist for The Tortured Poets Department below.

Side A“Fortnight” (feat. Post Malone)“The Tortured Poets Department”“My Boy Only Breaks His Favorite Toys”“Down Bad”

Side B“So Long, London”“But Daddy I Love Him”“Fresh Out the Slammer”“Florida!!!” (Florence + the Machine)

Side C“Guilty as Sin?”“Who’s Afraid of Little Old Me?”I” Can Fix Him (No Really I Can)”“loml”

Side D“I Can Do It With a Broken Heart”“The Smallest Man Who Ever Lived”“The Alchemy”“Clara Bow”“Bonus Track: The Manuscript”
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.