Malone will headline the Tennessee festival later in the day on June 14
Jackass’ Steve-O is about to have a penis tattooed on his face by Post Malone at Bonnaroo 2024.
The stunt prankster turns 50 on June 13, and the following day he is set to celebrate by having his face permanently marked by his famous friend.
As told to Page Six, he said: “I’m getting my first face tattoo. Post Malone is going to tattoo a dick on my forehead. That’s the plan.”
Steve-O from ‘Jackass’. CREDIT: Amy Sussman/Getty Images for UTOPIA
Malone will be headlining the festival later that night, but it is not clear at what point the procedure will happen in the presence of a live audience or not. Steve-O had said, however, that they have agreed on the tattoo’s design already.
Bonnaroo returns to Manchester, Tennessee from June 13 to 16 and will feature other headliners Red Hot Chili Peppers and Fred Again..
In addition to the headliners, the festival boasts a stacked lineup of acts – including Maggie Rogers, Khruangbin, Dominic Fike, Lizzy McAlpine, Interpol, Cage The Elephant, Parcels, Idles, Brittany Howard, Jason Isbell and the 400 Unit, Four Tet and more – all performing across 10 stages over the festival’s four days.
See the full line-up below:
A post shared by Bonnaroo (@bonnaroo)
In other Post Malone news, he debuted an unreleased song during his performance at the 2024 Academy of Country Music Awards last month. The song, which remains unnamed, is presumed to be taken from his forthcoming country album, which he has been teasing for a while.
He played a cover of Hank Willliams’ ‘Honky Tonk Blues’ during a surprise show in Nashville in April, a few weeks before dropping ‘I Had Some Help’ with Morgan Wallen.
Rumours of the genre shift began in 2022 when Malone told Howard Stern that he was considering making a country album. “To be honest, there’s nothing stopping me from taking a camera or setting up in my studio in Utah and just recording a country album and putting it on fucking YouTube,” he said.
Malone has already had a big 2024, having featured on two high-profile albums. He featured on ‘Fortnight’ – the lead single from Taylor Swift’s all-conquering ‘The Tortured Poets Department’ – as well as collaborated with Beyoncé on the track ‘Levii’s Jeans’ from her album ‘Cowboy Carter’.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.