Manage your account
The father of Kansas City Chiefs quarterback Patrick Mahomes also said that Travis is "like another son to me"
Robin Marchant/Getty; David Eulitt/Getty 
Jason Kelce might get shirtless at Kansas City Chiefs games, but his brother Travis Kelce is wilder — or so says Patrick Mahomes's dad!
This week, former baseball player Patrick "Pat" Mahomes Sr. joined WFAN Sports Radio’s Evan & Tiki show and revealed that while Jason, 36, might seem like the “wild” brother, it’s actually Travis, 34, who holds that moniker.
After explaining that he wasn’t actually in the same booth as Jason, his wife Kylie Kelce and Travis's girlfriend Taylor Swift last Sunday, Pat Sr. said that he had spotted the Philadelphia Eagles center’s shirtless antics during the Kansas City Chiefs win against the Buffalo Bills.
“I was actually two booths down but soon as he started doing that I was looking down and I saw him,” Pat Sr. explained, adding that he'd actually run into Jason during the game.
David Eulitt/Getty
Related: Travis Kelce’s Dad Claims He Didn’t Know Taylor Swift’s Name the First Time He Met Her: 'I Know This Kid!'
"It just so happened at some point in the game we both happened to be in the bathroom at the same time,” he revealed.
“I've known him, you know, for quite some time,” Pat said, adding that Jason's brother Travis, "is like another son to me.”
“So I've been around them a lot… and I've been in the booth with Taylor before and she was very nice and genuine,” he explained, adding that he'd "hung out with them a little bit you know after the game," on Sunday.
“Those are some fun guys,” he said. “I mean, you think Jason's wild, you ought to see Travis!” he revealed with a laugh.
Kathryn Riley/Getty
Related: Travis Kelce Says He and Taylor Swift Can Deal with the Public Attention as 'Long as We're Happy'
Elsewhere in the discussion, Pat Sr. shared that he would be attending the AFC Championships in Baltimore's M&T Bank Stadium this weekend to cheer on his son, but joked that he isn’t planning to join Travis’ girlfriend in the box she watches the game from.
"I hope not,” he joked when asked if he’d be sitting with Swift for the upcoming game.
"No, I don’t think so. Travis normally has his own thing and Patrick has his own deal too. … I imagine if Taylor wants her own suite, she’s got enough money to get whichever one she wants," he added in explanation.
Although Swift is yet to be confirmed as attending Sunday's AFC Championship, Jason’s wife Kylie, 31, told Good Morning America earlier this week that she and her husband intend to cheer on her brother-in-law in Baltimore for the AFC Championship match.
Gabriella Ricciardi/MLB Photos via Getty
Related: Patrick Mahomes' Dad Says He Probably Won't Sit with Taylor Swift and Jason Kelce at Ravens Game, Jokes 'I Hope Not' 
It's a big game for Travis and the Chiefs, as the winner will go on to play either the Detroit Lions or the San Francisco 49ers in the Feb 11. Super Bowl.
And despite his jokes about sitting with her, Pat only had positive comments about meeting the “Blank Space” singer, describing her as "actually very down to earth."
Never miss a story — sign up for PEOPLE's free daily newsletter to stay up-to-date on the best of what PEOPLE has to offer, from celebrity news to compelling human interest stories.
As well as hanging out with Swift at the most recent Kansas City Chiefs matchup, the former baseball player explained that he had previously met her and found her to be "genuine."
"Somebody that famous, you never know how that's gonna go," he explained of his first encounter with Swift, which he said took place in his son’s wife Brittany Mahomes' suite. Pat added that the pop superstar took pictures with his wife and as well as his daughter, which “made her day.”
For more People news, make sure to sign up for our newsletter!
Read the original article on People.