Patrick Smith / Staff
Whether the “dads, Brads and Chads” liked it or not, Taylor Swift has been a sideline staple this NFL season, regularly supporting boyfriend Travis Kelce from the box at Kansas City Chiefs games.
But after fans saw Taylor on the field celebrating Travis and the Chiefs win the AFC Championship game against the Baltimore Ravens on January 28, 2024, they can’t help but wonder if the Grammy winner will make it to Las Vegas for the February 11 Super Bowl at Allegiant Stadium.
Taylor has attended ​12 Chiefs games since she made her relationship with Travis public in September 2023, so it feels safe to say that she would like to cheer her boyfriend on at his biggest game yet. The question becomes if Taylor’s busy schedule will allow her to attend the big game.
Taylor’s short break from the Eras tour, which had its last show of 2023 on November 27, will end on February 7, when she will begin a four-night stop at Tokyo Dome in Japan. After her final Tokyo show on February 10, Taylor will be off the hook until she touches down in Melbourne, Australia for her series of three nightly shows beginning on February 16.
So, while Taylor will technically have a day off on Super Bowl Sunday, she will have less than a day to get from Tokyo to Las Vegas to see her man face off against the San Francisco 49ers.
Let’s do the math. Taylor’s concert is set to end at around 11 p.m. on Saturday, February 10, 2024, Tokyo time, which is 6 a.m. on Saturday ​in Las Vegas. It ​takes a minimum of 13 hours to get from Tokyo to Las Vegas. If Taylor left immediately after her concert, that would allow her to touch down in Las Vegas sometime Saturday night, leaving her with plenty of time before the following day’s 3:30 p.m. kickoff.
And that’s if she flew commercially. With a private jet, Taylor can likely make it to Sin City even quicker than that, potentially landing in Vegas sometime between 5 and 6 p.m. local time on Saturday, nearly 24 hours before the game starts.
Amid fan concern that Taylor would not be able to physically make it to support her boyfriend in time after leaving her concert in Japan, the country’s embassy released a statement on the matter via social media.
In the February 2, 2024, message, the Embassy of Japan in Washington, D.C. assured Swifties that Taylor would be able to make it from its country to Vegas with time to spare.
“Despite the 12-hour flight and 17-hour time difference, the Embassy can confidently Speak Now to say that if she departs Tokyo in the evening after her concert, she should comfortably arrive in Las Vegas before the Super Bowl begins,” the playful statement read, in part.
It concluded with, “We know that many people in Japan are excited to experience Taylor Swift’s Eras Tour, so we wanted to confirm that anyone concerned can be Fearless in knowing that this talented performer can wow Japanese audiences and still make it to Las Vegas to support the Chiefs when they take the field for the Super Bowl wearing Red.”
NFL cameras caught Taylor, who rushed from the box to the field after the game, planting a congratulatory kiss on Travis’ lips following his win against the Ravens. The “Lover” singer had a big smile on her face as cameras panned to her reaction ​during Travis’ postgame “You have to fight for the right to party” chant to the audience as the Chiefs accepted their AFC ​championship trophy.
In a clip that has since gone viral on social media, Taylor told Travis after the game that she had “never seen anything like that [her] life.”
Conversation
All comments are subject to our Community Guidelines. Life & Style does not endorse
						the opinions and views shared by our readers in our comment sections. Our comments section is a place
						where readers can engage in healthy, productive, lively, and respectful discussions. Offensive language,
						hate speech, personal attacks, and/or defamatory statements are not permitted. Advertising or spam is
						also prohibited.
					
Life & Style has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
Life & Style is part of the a360media Entertainment Group.Copyright © a360media 2025. All Rights Reserved
By clicking Sign In, you agree to our Terms and Conditions and that you have read our Privacy Policy.
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include:
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include: