© 2025 WWB Holdings, LLC. All rights reserved

                January 29, 2024
            

                        Atlantic City chocolatier Bar 32 is selling limited-edition 'Love Story #87' chocolate boxes for Valentine's Day, inspired by the relationship between pop star Taylor Swift and Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce. 
                    
Do you have a "blank space" when it comes to Valentine's Day gifts for your Taylor Swift-obsessed "lover?" A Jersey Shore chocolate shop is selling treats that will leave Swifties feeling "enchanted."
Atlantic City chocolatier Bar 32 is selling limited-edition "Love Story #87" chocolate boxes, inspired by the pop star's relationship with Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce. The $50 package can be purchased in store or can be ordered online.
RELATED: Manayunk's Taqueria Amor celebrates Valentine's Day with Taylor Swift pop-up
Named after a Swift song and Kelce's jersey number, the "Love Story #87" boxes contain multiple types of chocolates, including: dark chocolate raspberry bon bons, white chocolate bark pieces with gold leaf, milk chocolate cake pops with heart sprinkles and chocolate dipped Oreos. There are also assorted football-themed milk and dark chocolate pieces.
"Bar 32 Chocolate invites you to join the fun and celebrate love with the 'Love Story #87' Box – a sweet tribute to the harmonious union of the sensational couple," the chocolate shop said in a news release. "Get ready for a chocolatey rendezvous that's as cute, fun, and delightful as Taylor and Travis's love story!"
A post shared by Bar32 Chocolate & Cocktails (@bar32chocolate)
Swift and Kelce's own "love story" is rumored have begun over the summer, when Kelce attended Swift's Eras Tour. He hoped to give Swift a friendship bracelet with his phone number on it, he joked on the "New Heights" podcast he co-hosts with his big bro, Eagles center Jason Kelce.
Since late September, when Swift came to a Chiefs game for the first time, they have been spotted together in public multiple times, supporting each other's careers. Kelce attended one of Swift's concerts in Argentina in November, and Swift has been a regular at Chiefs games. Swift, who was born in West Reading and has previously claimed to be an Eagles fan, reportedly met Jason and his wife Kylie for the first time during the Chiefs' win over the Bills earlier this month. 
On Sunday, Swift was on hand to celebrate the Chiefs' win over the Ravens in the AFC Championship with Travis' parents, Ed and Donna, as well as Jason and Kylie. "Tayvis," as fans have nicknamed the couple, also shared some sweet moments on the field after the game.
🚨| Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce kissing in celebration of today’s Chiefs win! pic.twitter.com/bRNr0Z3M59
Swift is expected to attend the Grammy Awards on Sunday before she continues her record-smashing Eras Tour next week in Tokyo. She has a concert there on the Saturday before the Super Bowl, but social media users have pointed out that Swift could hop on a plane from Japan to Las Vegas to support her beau in the big game. If she does make it, she may be bringing some "Tayvoodoo" along for Kansas City — since it would be her 13th Chiefs game of the season, which Swifties know is the singer's lucky number.
This isn't Bar 32's first foray into Swiftie territory. In 2022, the chocolatier ran a Willy Wonka-esque ticket giveaway for Swift's Eras Tour. Customers who bought Bar 32's limited-edition holiday chocolate bars had a chance of receiving a "golden ticket" — in this case, two tickets to see Swift perform at Lincoln Financial Field last May.
Along with unique chocolates, Bar 32 also serves desserts and cocktails each weekend. The shop, at 121 S. Tennessee Ave, is open Fridays and Saturdays from 4 p.m. to midnight, and Sunday from 11 a.m. to 3 p.m.
Follow Franki & PhillyVoice on Twitter: @wordsbyfranki
 | @thePhillyVoice

Like us on Facebook: PhillyVoice

Have a news tip? Let us know.


                                Franki Rudnesky
                            

                            PhillyVoice Staff
                        

franki@phillyvoice.com

Transportation


                                
                                    Sponsored
                                
                            

Entertainment


Children's Health


Pop Culture


Eagles


Travel


Summer


Adult Health


Adult Health


Parenting


Philanthropy


Health News


Festivals


Travel


Festivals


Entertainment

© 2025 WWB Holdings, LLC. All rights reserved