ByMonica Mercuri
ByMonica Mercuri,
 Contributor. 
BALTIMORE, MARYLAND - JANUARY 28: Travis Kelce #87 of the Kansas City Chiefs (L) celebrates with ... More Taylor Swift after defeating the Baltimore Ravens in the AFC Championship Game at M&T Bank Stadium on January 28, 2024 in Baltimore, Maryland.  (Photo by Patrick Smith/Getty Images)
The Kansas City Chiefs have secured their spot in Super Bowl LVIII and will face the San Francisco 49ers. But will Taylor Swift attend the big game and support her boyfriend, Travis Kelce, even though she’s scheduled to perform in Tokyo the day before?
Swifties — the singer’s army of supporters, many of whom have become NFL fans since her relationship with Kelce went public in September — say it’s possible. She’s slated to perform her final show in Tokyo on Saturday, Feb. 10, just one day before the Super Bowl on Sunday, Feb 11.
Some people have broken down the math on TikTok, including Kyle Philippi, who posted a three-minute presentation demonstrating that Swift can make it to the U.S. if she leaves her Eras Tour concert in Japan by around midnight.
“The concert ends at 11 p.m., which is 6:00 a.m. Las Vegas time. That’s a 17-hour difference...” Kyle explains in the clip. “Let’s assume that Taylor gets on a flight from Tokyo to Las Vegas, that would take approximately 13 hours.” He continued, “She would then land in Vegas at 8 p.m. on the 10th because there is a 17-hour difference.”
So yes, Swift would have to fly around 13 hours over the Pacific Ocean — across the International Date Line — and touch down in Las Vegas for the Super Bowl on Sunday. The reassuring fact is that if she departs immediately after her Tokyo performance, she should land well before the game's kickoff (and this could be further expedited with the likely use of her private jet). The Super Bowl starts on Feb. 11 at 6:30 p.m. ET / 3:30 p.m. PT.
BALTIMORE, MARYLAND - JANUARY 28: A young fan displays a sign for Taylor swift prior to the AFC ... More Championship Game between the Baltimore Ravens and the Kansas City Chiefs at M&T Bank Stadium on January 28, 2024 in Baltimore, Maryland. (Photo by Rob Carr/Getty Images)
Swift’s presence is expected to spike viewership in a game that drew 115.1 million viewers in 2023. TV writer Rick Porter from The Hollywood Reporter told Billboard that the “Taylor Swift Effect” could potentially increase the numbers from 115 million to 130 million. “That would be a pretty big shock, if something jumped that much from something that was already this big,” he explained.
The Midnights singer has already made a monetary impact on the league. Citing data from Apex Marketing Group, Front Office Sports reported on Jan. 26 that Swift has created a brand value equivalent of $331.5 million for the Chiefs and the NFL. That number comes from print, digital, radio, TV, highlights, and social media mentioning Swift from her first game on Sept. 24 to Jan. 22.
When Swift first appeared at Kansas City's Arrowhead Stadium in September 2023, the game became the most-watched television program of the week. Fanatics reported a 400% surge in Travis Kelce's jersey sales, putting him in top 5 players in the NFL. Additionally, Kelce's podcast, "New Heights," co-hosted with his brother Jason, claimed the top spot on Apple.
Should Taylor attend the Super Bowl, it would mark her 13th appearance (her lucky number) at a Chiefs game since she began dating the team's tight end. Unfortunately, her time in Vegas will be brief. Soon after, she’ll have to jet off to Melbourne, Australia, to resume her international Eras Tour run on the 16th.
Stay tuned to learn whether Taylor Swift will officially be attending the Super Bowl next month.