Sign up for your daily dose of dope.
Madonna reportedly issues fines to tardy crew members and dancers on her tour.
Contact us by Email
Jan. 5 2024, Published 5:00 a.m. ET
Even though Madonna has been known to start her own shows three hours late, tipsters squeal the Queen of Pop can be a tyrant when it comes to other people being tardy!
The 65-year-old singer is reportedly imposing a $100 fine on members of her crew who fail to show up on time, RadarOnline.com has learned. 
Sources claim Madonna has implemented a $100 fine for crew members and dancers who are late.
According to a report, the no-nonsense Like a Virgin singer is fed up with tardy crew members and is issuing a $100 fine for each infraction! 
"Madonna has implemented a stringent policy backstage, where crew members and dancers face a hefty $100 fine each time they dare to be late," a source told the National Enquirer. "She runs a tight ship — and she's got some nerve!" 
Madonna was scheduled to perform at 8:30 PM but did not take the stage until after 10:30 PM. 
While the source claims the pop star is dishing out costly fines to her crew and dancers, a rep for the singer told the outlet, "The crew and dancers are never late." 
RadarOnline.com has reached out to Madonna's rep for comment. 
Never miss a story — sign up for the RadarOnline.com newsletter to get your daily dose of dope. Daily. Breaking. Celebrity news. All free.
The plaintiffs are suing for an unspecified amount in damages. 
While it remains unclear whether or not being tardy comes with a price tag for Madonna's team, her fans recently demanded refunds after they attended her show last month. 
As RadarOnline.com reported, fans were eager to see the Material Girl take the stage and kick off the North American leg of The Celebration Tour — but their concert experience didn't exactly go as expected. 
After tour dates were postponed in June due to the singer's hospitalization over a "serious bacterial infection," Madonna kept ticket holders in Brooklyn waiting even longer when the start of her first of three shows at Barclays Center was significantly delayed.
According to attendees, the singer kept fans waiting for hours until she finally took the stage at 11 P.M. Peeved fans took their grievances online and bemoaned about the ridiculous start to the highly-anticipated tour. 
"I WANT A REFUND NOW," cried one Brooklyn attendee, while another detailed the mood inside Barclays Center, "Whole arena chanting bulls--- at her lateness. Great show but went way too late."
Daily updates from the heart of Hollywood, right to your inbox
By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you’re agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
Another compared Madonna's lateness to other chart-topping superstars who recently toured. 
"Will not be spending money to see her no ma'am that shit pisses me off," the ticket holder wrote. "Taylor [Swift] may be a capitalist but she respects her fans time and starts on time as do many many great artists. Lady Gaga starts on time, Beyoncé starts on time."
The Barclays Center opened doors for Madonna's show at 7:30 P.M. and DJ Honey Dijon promptly began entertaining guests with mixes at 8:30 P.M. Madonna was expected to take center stage between 9 and 10 P.M. 
Email us at tips@radaronline.com
It's all over all right. On May 14, just one day before news broke that Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez are allegedly headed toward a divorce, the singer was spotted house-hunting on her own in Beverly Hills, RadarOnline.com revealed.
BY Aaron Johnson
Clint Eastwood has hit his “frankly, I don’t give a damn” moment in life!
BY Radar Staff
Tom Cruise is living up to his Top Gun image by splashing a fortune choppering his new female “best pal” around Britain – after he “fell in love” with the way she's overcome her disability.
BY Aaron Tinney
More From Radar Online
Opt-out of personalized ads
© Copyright 2025 RADAR ONLINE™️. A DIVISION OF MYSTIFY ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK INC. RADAR ONLINE is a registered trademark. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy. People may receive compensation for some links to products and services. Offers may be subject to change without notice.