Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset.
          Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. 
            Legal Statement.
          
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - New Privacy Policy
DraftKings CEO Jason Robins discusses the start of the NFL betting season on 'The Claman Countdown.'
U.S. airlines are adding flights to their schedules to shuttle passengers to and from Las Vegas, the site of this year's Super Bowl featuring the Kansas City Chiefs and San Francisco 49ers.
The carriers added flights from the teams' respective cities and other major hubs after the Chiefs and 49ers won their respective championship games on Sunday.
To top it off, the flight numbers are offering a nod to Taylor Swift, who is dating Kansas City tight end Travis Kelce. 
TAYLOR SWIFT SEEMINGLY TELLS NFL BROADCAST CAMERAS TO ‘GO AWAY, PLEASE’ DURING PLAYOFF GAME
Travis Kelce celebrates with Taylor Swift after a 17-10 victory against the Baltimore Ravens in the AFC Championship Game at M&T Bank Stadium on Jan. 28, 2024, in Baltimore. (Patrick Smith/Getty Images / Getty Images)
United Airlines told FOX Business that it added 15 additional direct flights – six for Kansas City, five for San Francisco and four for San Jose – to Vegas. 
Flights 1989, 2287 and 1587 are among those that will fly passengers to Las Vegas for the game.  
United told FOX Business Flight 2287 is an ode to the "favorite Chiefs’ power couple," given that the number is a combination of Kelce's jersey number and one of Swift's albums. 
Flight 1989 is not only a nod to Swift's birth year, but it is the title of an album that she recently re-recorded. Flight 1587 is a combination of Kelce and Chiefs quarterback Patrick Mahomes' jersey numbers. 
The carrier is also flying flight 1995 to the game, which is the last year the 49ers won the Super Bowl. 
49ERS, CHIEFS MEET IN SUPER BOWL REMATCH AS KANSAS CITY LOOKS TO ACCOMPLISH HISTORIC FEAT
American Airlines also added two trips – Flight 1989 and Flight 87 – according to Fox Sports. 
Delta Air Lines said it is adding 16 flights to Las Vegas from Kansas City, San Francisco, San Jose and New York.
GET FOX BUSINESS ON THE GO BY CLICKING HERE
San Francisco 49ers quarterback Brock Purdy celebrates after a touchdown during the third quarter of the NFC championship game against the Detroit Lions at Levi's Stadium on Jan. 28, 2024, in Santa Clara, California. (Kevin Sabitus/Getty Images / Getty Images)
Southwest Airlines now has 27 nonstop flights headed to Las Vegas on Feb. 8 and up to 33 nonstop flights the following day. 
It added two additional nonstop flights on Feb. 10, meaning there will be up to eight nonstop flights headed to Las Vegas the day before the game.
Get a brief on the top business stories of the week, plus CEO interviews, market updates, tech and money news that matters to you.
We've added you to our mailing list.
By clicking subscribe, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use, and agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can opt-out at any time.
           

            Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset.
            Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. 
            Legal Statement.
        
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - New Privacy Policy