Andrew Stanton is a Newsweek weekend reporter based in Maine. His role is reporting on U.S. politics and social issues. Andrew joined Newsweek in 2021 from The Boston Globe. He is a graduate of Emerson College. You can get in touch with Andrew by emailing a.stanton@newsweek.com. Languages: English.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
Meghan McCain knocked former presidential candidate Vivek Ramaswamy's new theory about Taylor Swift on Monday.
Ramaswamy, a Republican who dropped out of the primary election and endorsed former President Donald Trump earlier in January, floated a new theory about Swift on X, the social media platform formerly known as Twitter, after the Kansas City Chiefs secured a spot in the Super Bowl.
He wrote, "I wonder who's going to win the Super Bowl next month. And I wonder if there's a major presidential endorsement coming from an artificially culturally propped-up couple this fall. Just some wild speculation over here, let's see how it ages over the next 8 months."
While some conservatives voiced agreement with Ramaswamy's theory, McCain, a Republican political commentator and the daughter of the late Senator John McCain, criticized the theory in a post to X.
"Whatever nutjob 'republicans' are floating ugly and insane conspiracy theories about Taylor Swift are total idiots," she wrote. "Know that Ben and I are pulling for a post-Super Bowl engagement and '100' support her and Travis! Let them live, they're Americas golden couple."
Newsweek reached out to a Ramaswamy spokesperson for comment via email.
The theory comes as Swift's fans, known as the "Swifties," celebrate the prospects of the pop superstar attending the Super Bowl to support her boyfriend Travis Kelce, who plays as a tight end for the Chiefs. She has been a regular at Chiefs' games since September when she and Kelce made their relationship public.
Others also ridiculed Ramaswamy's theory.
Nate Silver wrote, "Can't wait for the Moneyball sequel, PLAN 87, about Joe Biden's audacious Hail Mary strategy to win reelection."
"I understand Travis and Taylor will do a joint endorsement from the 50 yard line, while drinking bud lights and getting a COVID shot. Cry harder, Vivek," posted lawyer Bradley P. Moss.
"In order to suck up to loon MAGA world, this guy has turned himself into a conspiracy theorist clown. Really, NFL is going to rig the Super Bowl to make Taylor Swift's endorsement of Biden a little stronger? That conspiracy theory is so dumb even most of MAGA won't believe it," posted Cenk Uygur, a Democratic presidential candidate and host of The Young Turks.
"It's barely 9am and we already have Taylor Swift Truther conspiracies!" posted Alyssa Farah Griffin, a co-host on The View and Trump's director of strategic communications.
While Swift has not made an endorsement for the 2024 election, she did endorse Biden during his 2020 race against Trump. She has been vocal about some political issues including women's rights and support for the LGBTQ+ community. Some Democrats are hoping a Swift endorsement of Biden could help carry him over the finish line in November, pointing to her extraordinary reach to her vast fanbase.
In an interview with V magazine in October 2020, she explained that she believes the United States needs a president who "recognizes that people of color deserve to feel safe and represented, that women deserve the right to choose what happens to their bodies, and that the LGBTQIA+ community deserves to be acknowledged and included."
"Everyone deserves a government that takes global health risks seriously and puts the lives of its people first. The only way we can begin to make things better is to choose leaders who are willing to face these issues and find ways to work through them," she said.
Newsweek is committed to journalism that's factual and fair.
Hold us accountable and submit your rating of this article on the meter. 
Newsweek is committed to journalism that's factual and fair.
Hold us accountable and submit your rating of this article on the meter. 
Andrew Stanton is a Newsweek weekend reporter based in Maine. His role is reporting on U.S. politics and social issues. Andrew joined Newsweek in 2021 from The Boston Globe. He is a graduate of Emerson College. You can get in touch with Andrew by emailing a.stanton@newsweek.com. Languages: English.
Andrew Stanton is a Newsweek weekend reporter based in Maine. His role is reporting on U.S. politics and social issues. Andrew joined Newsweek in 2021 from The Boston Globe. He is a graduate of Emerson College. You can get in touch with Andrew by emailing a.stanton@newsweek.com. Languages: English.
Andrew Stanton is a Newsweek weekend reporter based in Maine. His role is reporting on U.S. politics and social issues.                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC