Gracie Abrams performs Friday, June 9, 2023, at Ford Field in Detroit during Taylor Swift’s “Eras” tour. (Photo: Mike Ferdinande, special to cleveland.com)Mike Ferdinande
When the Grammy Awards show goes off on Sunday, there will be one rising singer-songwriter nominated with some ties to Harrisburg.
Gracie Abrams, 24, who is nominated in the Best New Artist category, is the granddaughter of Gerry Abrams, a Harrisburg native and Emmy-nominated television and film producer. The 66th annual awards show airs at 8 p.m. Sunday on CBS.
“If her career ended tomorrow, I would consider her an enormous success,” Gerry Abrams said. “I’m thrilled for her.”
The doting grandfather and Penn State University alumnus said he will be watching the award show Sunday night with his son, Gracie’s father, J.J. Abrams, director of countless television shows and movies including the “Star Trek,” “Star Wars,” and “Mission Impossible” franchises.
Abrams, who lives in Los Angeles, said Gracie will be attending the show with her mother, Katie McGrath, a film and television producer. The best new artist category includes Fred again, Jelly Roll, Ice Spice, The War and Treaty, Coco Jones, Noah Kahan and Victoria Monét.
Singer-songwriter Gracie Abrams with her grandfather, Gerry Abrams, a Harrisburg native and film and television producer.Provided
For Gracie, the Grammy nomination is another achievement in a growing list that solidifies her status as a singer known for conversational vocals and confessional lyrics. Her popularity exploded in 2023, with one podcaster noting the Los Angeles-born singer is on fire.
“I don’t think I’ll ever get over the shock of the nomination,” Gracie told American Songwriter. “I mostly just feel so honored to get to sit in a room full of my favorite artists and scream for all their success.”
Last year, she released her first album “Good Riddance,” opened for Taylor Swift’s Eras Tour and reached No. 1 on Billboard’s Emerging Artists Chart. Gracie also launched her North American tour in 15 U.S. cities, expanding to an Australian leg she wrapped up in January.
She has racked up 2.3 million followers on Instagram.
Abrams said he admires Gracie’s tenacity, noting she quickly achieved her goal to become a singer after leaving Barnard College in New York City following her freshmen year.
Gracie gained attention with original songs she posted on her YouTube and Instagram platforms, releasing her debut single “Mean It” in 2019. She followed it up with several EPs, including “This is What it Feels Like.” By 2022 she was touring with singer Olivia Rodrigo’s Sour Tour.
At her first club opening in Santa Anna, California, Abrams recalls about 150 people in attendance.
“They all knew her lyrics because her songs came out on social media. It was just staggering. Everybody knew the words to her songs,” he said.
Abrams called his granddaughter stunningly beautiful, but smart and strong-willed with a voice similar to singer-songwriter Norah Jones, noting she has a magnetic pull with audiences.
“She has zero stage fright. She is at home up there on stage and I think that translates to the audience,” he said.
As for Gracie’s relationship with Taylor Swift, Abrams said Swift is a mentor who shares advice with his granddaughter. He joked that he has reminded Gracie about Swift’s connection to Pennsylvania and suggested she tell Swift about her grandfather’s Pennsylvania roots.
Gracie is scheduled as the opening act on Swift’s North American tour dates this year in the U.S. and Canada. The pair were spotted out in New York City last fall.
“We’ve talked a lot about it and I think her admiration for Taylor is boundless, and I think she has learned a tremendous amount from her,” he said.
Abrams said his granddaughter has never visited his hometown, but he’d love to show her where he grew up. His parents operated the Broad Street Army & Navy Store in Harrisburg and owned a house in Susquehanna Township, which he sold about 15 years ago.
Abrams visited the area last fall when he received a Lifetime Achievement Award from the Centre Film Festival. He produced more than 70 films and television specials with Art Carney, Ingrid Bergman and Sid Caesar to Alec Baldwin, Michael J. Fox, Ron Howard and Denzel Washington.
Harrisburg attorney Corky Goldstein, a childhood friend of Abrams, described the family as respectable and grounded.
“You wouldn’t know if you met them that they were celebrities and that they were so successful,” he said. “They just are a very down-to-earth, decent family.”
Last year, Goldstein and his family attended Gracie’s tour stop in Philadelphia.
“Thousands of people who were there, they knew every one of Gracie’s songs. They were singing along with her. They love her,” he said.
Abrams said he’s not worried about Gracie reaching fame at such a young age.
“If it was anybody else, I might. The fact is [she] grew up in a household that had grounded parents,” he said. “I don’t think the spotlight or success will affect her much at all.”
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices