The Japanese Embassy in D.C. reassured weary fans Friday that Taylor Swift’s concert in Tokyo next week shouldn’t stop her from attending the Super Bowl, as speculation rises about whether the billionaire pop star can safely jet from Japan to Las Vegas in time to support the Kansas City Chiefs—and her boyfriend, tight end Travis Kelce.
Swift will be able to arrive on time to support the Kansas City Chiefs and Travis Kelce despite a ... More 12-hour flight, the embassy said.
The Embassy of Japan—in a jokey statement filled with puns referencing Swift’s albums—said it can “confidently Speak Now” that Swift should be able to “comfortably arrive in Las Vegas before the Super Bowl begins” on Feb. 11 if she departs from Tokyo shortly after her appearance on the evening of Feb. 10.
Those concerned about Swift’s arrival in Las Vegas “can be Fearless” knowing she can “wow Japanese audiences” before she returns to the U.S. to support the Chiefs while “wearing Red,” the embassy said.
FlightAware spokesperson Kathleen Bangs told NBC News Swift making it to the Super Bowl is “certainly doable,” adding she could probably make it to Las Vegas within 10 hours because Tokyo’s time zone is 17 hours ahead of Las Vegas—giving her more than a full day to jet from Tokyo to Sin City.
Swift regularly uses the Falcon 900LX and Falcon 7X private jets, which would be able to cover the 5,530 miles between Tokyo and Las Vegas without stopping to refuel.
Though Swift may be able to arrive in time for the Super Bowl, it’s possible there won’t be enough space for her private aircraft to park, a Federal Aviation Administration spokesperson told the Associated Press, as all 475 parking spots at the four airports surrounding Las Vegas are likely full for the game.
Even if Swift can make it back stateside in time for the Super Bowl, it’s not clear whether she actually plans to go to the game.
Heidi Hayes, a spokesperson for the Clark County Department of Aviation, told the Associated Press private plane parking around Las Vegas previously reached max capacity in November when the city hosted the inaugural Formula 1 Las Vegas Grand Prix.
Swift has made several appearances for Chiefs regular season games and recently attended the team’s conference championship victory over the Baltimore Ravens, often sitting in a luxury box with Kelce’s mother Donna. Speculation has intensified in recent days over whether she could make an appearance at the Super Bowl—which features the Chiefs against the San Francisco 49ers—and support Kelce, as Swift is scheduled to appear on stage in Tokyo the night before. The concert is scheduled to start at about 8 p.m. local time before ending around 11:15 p.m., or around 6:15 a.m. PT, according to NBC News.
A Department of Defense spokesperson told Forbes on Friday that Swift is not part of a “psychological operation” tied to the agency, rejecting conspiracy theories Swift and Kelce are part of a Democratic Party-led plan to boost President Joe Biden’s election campaign.
DOD Confirms: Taylor Swift Is Not A Pentagon Asset (And Travis Kelce Probably Isn’t, Either) (Forbes)