Fifteen years ago, then-19-year-old Taylor Swift seemed to have predicted or manifested dating someone like the Kansas City Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce.
In 2009, the American singer-songwriter was featured in a story by Glamour titled "Taylor Swift: Bomb-Shell in Blue Jeans."
Back then, Taylor already knew what a relationship with her would look like and was certain it would require a lot of flying.
"It's always going to be long-distance, even if I date a boy who lives next door to me in Nashville," she said at the time.
"I'll be flying to see him and flying him places to see me. It feels like it would involve more scheduling, and I already deal with a lot of scheduling in my life."
The "Fearless" artist added, "Of course, if I met somebody who was worth it, I would probably stop thinking that way."
GUYSSSSSW pic.twitter.com/sVB6Z9RwGw
To note, Taylor and her beau Kelce have been flying a lot to be present at each other's events. In November last year, Kelce flew thousands of miles to watch his girlfriend perform at her "The Eras Tour" concert in Buenos Aires, Argentina.
Taylor, on her end, has been present in almost every game of Kelce's since being spotted at the match between the Chiefs and Chicago Bears on Sept. 24, 2023, despite her busy schedule.
Asked if she would date someone at a similar level of success, teenage Taylor said then, "I think it's more of a question of confidence. I wouldn't want to be with a pushover who would let me make all the plans and have all the control."
"It's really natural for me to go into planning mode, but I'd rather be with someone who has his own voice and passion and ambition," she continued.
In terms of confidence, Kelce has always been open and proud about his relationship with Taylor. Late last year, it was reported that he bought a new $6 mansion in Leawood, Kansas -- a lavish 17,000-square-foot estate. It was a huge upgrade from his custom seven-bedroom 4,200-square-foot home in Briarcliff West.
Kelce reportedly leveled up his living situation when he felt that his former humble abode wasn't befitting of his multi-Grammy award-winning girlfriend, per the New York Post.
The National Football League (NFL) star's new home is over three times bigger than his old house. More than that, it is more secluded and comfortable for the high-profile couple.
Meanwhile, Taylor has also fulfilled her 19-year-old self's dream of doing a world tour. In fact, she's completed five tours so far: "Fearless Tour," "Speak Now World Tour," "The Red Tour," "The 1989 World Tour" and "Reputation Stadium Tour."The singer is currently on a winter break from her sixth one, "The Ears Tour." She will be back on stage in February as she resumes her tour in Japan.