Please refresh the page or navigate to another page on the site to be automatically logged inPlease refresh your browser to be logged in
Travis Kelce will be at Super Bowl practice during the 66th annual Grammy Awards 
I would like to be emailed about offers, events and updates from The Independent. Read our Privacy notice
Taylor Swift’s table buddy for the 2024 Grammy Awards has been announced. 
The 34-year-old “Style” vocalist will attend the 66th annual ceremony at Crypto.com Arena in Los Angeles on 4 February. While fans were hoping for Swift and her boyfriend, Travis Kelce, to make their red-carpet debut there, the NFL tight end can’t accompany her. Kelce will be occupied at practice before Super Bowl LVIII the following Sunday. 
Though we can’t expect a Travis and Taylor table moment, the spot next to the “Anti-Hero” artist has been filled by a broken-hearted ballad-singing icon like her. On 1 February, CBS posted a seating teaser on TikTok, revealing where Swift would be sat during the show. 
“In our #GRAMMYS seating chart era,” the network’s caption read. 
The camera panned to the many tables positioned around the golden stage. In a second, a two-person table appeared with pictures of artists on each chair – Taylor Swift and Lana Del Ray. Viewers immediately picked up on the brief cue, commenting their excitement over the pairing. 
“Taylor & Lana together,” one obsessed woman wrote, while another said: “TAYLANA IS ALIVE AND BREATHING!” 
“CBS knew who we wanted to see sitting with Taylor,” a thankful individual added. 
Del Ray is not only a contributor on Swift’s Midnights record, but the two recorded the song “Snow on the Beach” together. As of now, the Grammys performance lineup doesn’t include the two famed women. However, fans thought CBS might be hinting at a possible duet from them. 
“Taylor and Lana are going to perform snow on the beach together,” one person guessed. 
People reported that Swift will not be gracing the stage because she will be travelling to Japan for the third leg of her Eras Tour soon after. 
Joni Mitchell, Olivia Rodrigo, Billy Joel, Travis Scott, U2 and SZA are among the artists confirmed to perform on Sunday. 
Swift is up for six Grammy Awards: Album of the Year, Record of the Year, Song of the Year, Best Pop Solo Performance, Best Pop Duo/Group Performance, and Best Pop Vocal Album (Midnights).
Join thought-provoking conversations, follow other Independent readers and see their replies
Please refresh the page or navigate to another page on the site to be automatically logged inPlease refresh your browser to be logged in