Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
The embassy is seeking to reassure Swift fans that the singer could make it to Super Bowl LVIII. 

							By 

	James Hibberd

Writer-at-Large

	This is getting silly.

	It was already silly, to be sure, but now the whole Taylor Swift/NFL/Travis Kelce/Super Bowl thing is truly getting surreal and more than a little off the rails. 



	Here’s the latest: Japan’s embassy in Washington, D.C., has released a statement about Swift’s travel plans.

	In other words: Because a pop singer has to fly from performing shows in Tokyo to Las Vegas to watch a football game on a relatively short schedule, the Embassy of Japan has something to say — and it includes the requisite Swift song puns.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	Movies
			



	
		
					Vivek Chaudhary's 'I, Poppy' Takes Top Jury Prize at Hot Docs Festival		
			














	
	General News
			



	
		
					Prince Harry Loses Appeal Over U.K. Security Detail After Barristers Argued His Life Was "At Stake"		
			








	“The Embassy of Japan in the United States is aware of recent media reports concerning the steps Taylor Swift will need to take to travel from Tokyo after her concert on February 10th to Las Vegas in time to watch the Kansas City Chiefs play in Super Bowl LVIII,” the statement solemnly begins. “Despite the 12-hour flight and 17-hour time difference, the Embassy can confidently Speak Now to say that if she departs Tokyo in the evening after her concert, she should comfortably arrive in Las Vegas before the Super Bowl begins. We know that many people in Japan are excited to experience Taylor Swift’s Eras Tour, so we wanted to confirm that anyone concerned can be Fearless in knowing that this talented performer can wow Japanese audiences and still make it to Las Vegas to support the Chiefs when they take the field for the Super Bowl wearing Red.”

	Swift’s travel plan has been discussed rather endlessly since the Chiefs won their AFC Championship game on Sunday, assuring their place in the big game. 

	Perhaps the best explainer came from this viral clip from The West Wing, where the president’s team grappled with a similar Japan-to-U.S. travel schedule. 
Can Taylor Swift make the Super Bowl from her Tokyo concert? A West Wing episode from 2001 already answered this: pic.twitter.com/6LBQMSrCVw

	This week, Swift has also been the focus of right-wing conspiracy theories, with some really believing that her romance with the Chiefs tight end is all a Pentagon psychological operation to inject the singer’s left-of-center politics into the NFL. The conspiracies also include that this season’s football games have been secretly rigged to assure that the Chiefs will win the Super Bowl, where Swift will take the field during the halftime show to announce her endorsement of Joe Biden’s reelection campaign. 

	










	And none of that is even getting into the whole AI deepfake nude images scandal from just last week. 

	Super Bowl LVIII will be broadcast on CBS and streamed live on Paramount+ starting at 3:30 p.m. PT on Feb. 11. 

	Who will win the game is anybody’s guess, but it’s a safe bet that, until then, the level of Swift obsession is only going to keep increasing. If you purchase an independently reviewed product or service through a link on our website, The Hollywood Reporter may receive an affiliate commission.
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.