The 66th Annual Grammy Awards airs tonight starting on Sunday, February 4 at 5 p.m. PT/8 p.m. ET with a live TV broadcast on CBS. The 2024 edition of the show, hosted by Trevor Noah, will feature a slew of performances from the year’s brightest stars in the music business. Who will capture top categories like Record of the Year and Album of the Year? Tune in to The 2024 Grammy Awards live for free with Fubo, or streaming on demand on Paramount Plus.
This year’s 2024 Grammy Awards show host will be former “Daily Show” host Trevor Noah for a second time.
See the full list here, or get a quick look at the nominations for some of the top categories below.
RECORD OF THE YEAR
Worship - Jon Batiste
Not Strong Enough - boygenius
What Was I Made For? [From The Motion Picture “Barbie”] - Billie Eilish
On My Mama - Victoria Monét
Vampire - Olivia Rodrigo
Anti-Hero - Taylor Swift
Kill Bill - SZA
SONG OF THE YEAR
A&W - Lana Del Rey
Anti-Hero - Taylor Swift
Butterfly - Jon Batiste
Dance The Night (From Barbie The Album) - Dua Lipa
Flowers - Miley Cyrus
Kill Bill - SZA
Vampire - Olivia Rodrigo
What Was I Made For? - Billie Eilish
BEST NEW ARTIST
Gracie Abrams
Fred again..
Ice Spice
Jelly Roll
Coco Jones
Noah Kahan
Victoria Monét
The War And Treaty
SZA, Billie Eilish, Olivia Rodrigo, Billy Joel, Burna Boy, Dua Lipa, Joni Mitchell, Luke Combs with Tracy Chapman!, and Travis Scott, and more.
What: The 2024 Grammy Awards
When: Sunday, February 4 at 5 p.m. PT
Channel: CBS
While the 2024 Grammy Awards show happens on CBS, you’ll be able to watch day-of red carpet coverage leading up to the event with stars arriving starting on at 3 p.m. PT/6 p.m. ET on Sunday, February 4 with a live broadcast on E! and you can watch for FREE with E!’s Countdown to the Red Carpet for FREE through Fubo (free trial), DirecTV Stream (free trial), or Sling (promotional offers).
You can watch The 2024 Annual Grammy Awards Show live for FREE with Fubo (free trial) or with Paramount+ (free trial).
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices