Oprah Winfrey is set to enjoy a prime spot at this year's Golden Globes, as revealed by her close friend and CBS Mornings anchor, Gayle King.
King took to Instagram to share a behind-the-scenes look at the Beverly Hilton hotel, where the prestigious event is set to take place.
In a series of photos and videos, King captured the excitement of the awards ceremony rehearsals, providing fans with a sneak peek into the star-studded event. The highlight of King's post was the first frame, featuring Oprah Winfrey confidently posing next to a chair designated for Bradley Cooper, strategically positioned just one table away from her own.
"Something tells me @Oprah is VERY HAPPY with her seat at @goldenglobes!" King exclaimed in the caption. "Behind the scenes at rehearsals... All I can say is her dress tonight is going to hurt people's feelings… It’s SPECTACULAR, you heard it here first!"
King continued to share footage from the venue, unveiling the seating chart beyond Winfrey, who is slated to present the award for Best Motion Picture - Drama. The guest list is star-studded, including the likes of Meryl Streep, Selena Gomez and Martin Short, as well as Danielle Brooks and Fantasia Barrino, both nominated for their roles in The Color Purple.
Among the anticipated attendees are Steven Spielberg, Michelle Yeoh, Don Cheadle, Kevin Costner and John Krasinski. Notable nominees such as Emily Blunt, Robert Downey Jr. and Cillian Murphy, recognized for their roles in Oppenheimer, and the film's director, Christopher Nolan, are also expected to grace the event.
King teased the presence of Emma Stone, Mark Ruffalo and Willem Dafoe, all nominated for their roles in Poor Things. However, one celebrity still hangs in the balance -- Taylor Swift. The global pop sensation's concert film Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour is nominated in the Cinematic and Box Office Achievement category, leaving fans eagerly anticipating confirmation of her attendance.
The 2024 Golden Globes hosted by Jo Koy is on Sunday, Jan. 7, at 8 p.m. ET/5 p.m. PT on CBS and streams on Paramount+. Check out ETonline.com for complete Golden Globes coverage and the full list of winners
RELATED CONTENT:
Video
News
News
News
News
TV