E-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
Sign up for email newsletters
E-Edition
The Detroit Lions put together a season for the history books in 2023.
Related Articles


			What’s next for the Detroit Lions after NFL Draft?		




			Brotherly love, leaps of faith and a heart of gold: How Ahmed Hassenein landed with Lions		




			Which Lions could be on roster bubble ahead of 2025 season?		




			Lions GM Brad Holmes: Isaac TeSlaa was ‘my favorite wide receiver’ in 2025 NFL Draft		




			Lions roster projection: Early look at Detroit’s potential depth chart following NFL Draft		

Detroit posted 12 wins en route to its first division title since 1993 and won two playoff games for the first time. In its second NFC Championship appearance ever, the Lions came up just short after a devastating second half collapse.
The offense posted new records for total yards and touchdowns under the direction of second-year coordinator Ben Johnson. Two players on the unit earned first-team All-Pro honors, and several were named to the Pro Bowl.
Here are grades for each position group based on performance in the 2023 season.
The Lions got exactly what they needed from Jared Goff throughout the 2023 campaign. The veteran passer finished among the league’s best in both passing yards and touchdowns while leading the team to its first ever NFC North title.
What was most impressive about Goff was his intangible ability to bounce back from struggles. Among his best moments was a late comeback against Chicago in Week 11, leading the team to two fourth quarter touchdowns after throwing three interceptions previously.
He hit a tough stretch later in the year, turning the ball over eight times in a four-game span. The Lions lost two of those games, but he bounced back with a five-touchdown performance in a beatdown of Denver in Week 15.
That win over Denver ignited the Lions, as it began a stretch of three wins over their final four games. The lone loss was the controversial one at Dallas.
Goff also conquered his former team in the Wild Card round, dispatching the Rams 24-23 in a memorable game. He piloted the team to a win over Tampa Bay in the Divisional round with 287 passing yards and two scores, and had the Lions on the brink of the Super Bowl before a critical second half collapse.
He posted his highest total in passing yards since 2019 and came up two short of his personal best in passing touchdowns. It was a solid campaign for the passer, who has proven to be a perfect fit for the Lions’ offensive scheme.
The Lions elected to renovate their backfield after a successful 2022 campaign led by Jamaal Williams and D’Andre Swift. The results were sparkling, as newcomers David Montgomery and Jahmyr Gibbs took the run game to another level.
Montgomery was the team’s workhorse early in the year, rushing for over 100 yards in two of the first four games. He suffered a rib injury in Week 6 that sidelined him multiple weeks, paving the way for Gibbs’ breakout.
After a slower start to his career, the No. 12 overall pick burst onto the scene with a 152-yard performance against the Las Vegas Raiders in Week 8. He was electric particularly in the second half of the season, and Montgomery’s return from injury in Week 10 gave the Lions two high-level backs.
The Lions leaned heavily on their run game, and their two bell-cow backs delivered. Gibbs’ versatility to contribute in the passing game was a major asset, while Montgomery provided a steady presence on the ground.
Detroit narrowly came up short on having two 1,000-yard rushers, as Gibbs finished 55 yards short of the achievement.
Gibbs did have a crucial mistake in the NFC Championship, however, as he lost a third-quarter fumble against the 49ers.
In all, though, it was a solid first season of a pairing that can prove fruitful for the next few years for the Lions’ run-oriented offense.
In his third NFL season, Amon-Ra St. Brown proved his case to be considered amongst the league’s best. He surpassed 1,500 receiving yards and had his first double-digit receiving touchdown campaign.
Though undersized amongst the elite NFL wideouts, he proved to be an elite pass-catcher and was a first down machine. He earned first-team All-Pro honors as a result.
Elsewhere, the Lions got good production from Josh Reynolds and Jameson Williams at points. Reynolds surpassed 600 receiving yards and was a reliable part of the offense. However, his season ended on a sour note with a pair of drops in the NFC title game.
Williams, on the other hand, began the season amidst the turbulence of a gambling suspension. It was shortened from six games to four, and he was able to contribute in a limited capacity.
He showed flashes of his elite potential early, but didn’t become an integral part of the offense until late of the year. Williams finished the regular season with 24 catches for 354 yards and two touchdowns.
The second-year wideout had his first multi-touchdown game in the finale against San Francisco, a sign that he may be a breakout candidate in 2024.
Kalif Raymond did most of his work on punt returns but was a contributor in a pinch for the offense. Donovan Peoples-Jones had just five catches after being acquired at the trade deadline, and Antoine Green finished his rookie year with just one catch.
Marvin Jones stepped away from the team after just six games to tend to a family issue.
It was a banner rookie campaign for Sam LaPorta, whom the Lions had graded as one of their favorite players in the 2023 NFL Draft.
Brad Holmes’ evaluation proved to be spot on, as the Iowa product was a key contributor from early on in his career. He earned second-team All-Pro honors and set the record for receptions by a rookie tight end this season.
He had three touchdowns against Denver in Week 15 as part of a 10-score effort this year. LaPorta also proved to be ahead of the curve as a blocker, proving to be an asset in the run game.
The rookie suffered a hyperextended knee in the regular season finale but didn’t miss any time. He contributed throughout the postseason and caught a touchdown pass against the Rams.
The Lions didn’t get much else from the position in terms of receiving, but Brock Wright was valuable as a blocker. Wright also had a key touchdown catch against the Los Angeles Chargers.
James Mitchell didn’t have many opportunities to display his potential, as he finished with two catches for 24 yards.
Detroit’s offensive line once again proved to be one of the league’s best despite a number of injuries. In particular, Penei Sewell earned All-Pro honors in his third season as the team’s right tackle.
Sewell has emerged as one of the league’s best tackles, earning the highest Pro Football Focus offensive grade amongst players at the position. He allowed just one sack and showed off his athleticism on numerous blocks in the open field.
Center Frank Ragnow managed to play 15 games despite being listed on the injury report with a number of injuries. He performed at a high level while dealing with a chronic toe injury in addition to a number of setbacks.
At the guard position, Graham Glasgow was a revelation. After being beaten out by Halapoulivaati Vaitai in training camp, the veteran emerged as a starter when Vaitai suffered an injury in Week 2. He earned the starting right guard spot and never looked back, having one of his best seasons as a pro.
Glasgow also provided valuable depth, starting games at both guard spots as well as at center when Ragnow was inactive.
Taylor Decker was reliable at left tackle, while Jonah Jackson struggled with injuries. This season was a difficult one for Jackson, as he suffered multiple injuries and missed five games in a contract year. It remains to be seen whether the Lions will bring him back on a new deal this offseason.
Detroit got its first look at rookie Colby Sorsdal in three starts this season. Sorsdal was up and down and wound up being passed in the rotation by Kayode Awosika, who filled in for Jackson in the postseason when he was injured against Tampa Bay.
In total, the unit allowed just 46 sacks this season and paved the way for an elite run game.
This article was produced by the staff at Sports Illustrated/All Lions. For more, visit si.com/nfl/lions
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group