Travis Kelce #87 of the Kansas City Chiefs celebrates with Taylor Swift after a 17-10 victory against the Baltimore Ravens in the AFC Championship Game at M&T Bank Stadium on January 28, 2024 in Baltimore, Maryland.
Taylor Swift's beau, Kansas City Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce, has nothing but support for the pop star's upcoming projects. Even though it seems Swift's new album, The Tortured Poets Department, will mostly revolve around her ex, Joe Alwyn, Kelce is secure enough in his relationship to cast that aside. In fact, the pro football star has heard some of the album. He told Extra in Las Vegas for Super Bowl LVIII Opening Night Monday (February 5) that the album is "unbelievable. I can’t wait for her to shake up the world when it finally drops."
As we previously reported, Swift made her big album announcement prior to her making Grammy history over the weekend, collecting her fourth Album of the Year award. Reacting to the "Anti-Hero" singer’s history-making Grammys night, Kelce told Extra, “She’s unbelievable. She’s re-writing the history books herself." Wanting to compete with Swift, Kelce playfully told her he's got to hold up his "end of the bargain and bring home some hardware, too." Of course, he is referring to this upcoming Sunday (February 11), where the superstar athlete's team is facing off against the San Francisco 49ers.
Swifties are eager to see if the pop icon will rush from her final Japan concert in order to make it on time to see Kelce play in Vegas, making it the 13th time she has attended his games. With this being the biggest game of the year and 13 being her lucky number, the fates and fans are looking for everything to align. Whatever happens this weekend, Kelce is appreciative of the singer-songwriter's "unbelievable fan base that follows her and supports her throughout her life." Though he is determined to win another Super Bowl for the third time, Kelce says he goes out there and has fun. He adds that is has been fun to turn Swifties on to the "Chiefs kingdom and open them up to the football world."

A post shared by

It is quite baffling that 2019 was five years ago! Time really does fly by, and it seems like it wasn't that long ago that these pop songs dropped. Billie Eilish's debut studio album, WHEN WE ALL FALL ASLEEP, WHERE DO WE GO? released in March of that year, with her gorgeous vocals shining on tracks like "bury a friend," "ilomilo," and "i love you." That same year, Lizzo's third album, Cuz I Love You, was released the following month. She took radio waves by storm with bangers like "Truth Hurts," "Tempo," and "Juice." Taylor Swift also released new music in 2019 with her seventh studio album, Lover. It was the singer-songwriter's first album after her departure from Big Machine Records. The album featured such tracks as "Cruel Summer," "Lover," and "The Archer." According to the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry, it was the global best-selling studio album of 2019, with sales of 3.2 million copies.
Ariana Grande's fifth studio album, thank u, next, was released six months after her fourth studio album Sweetener. It was Grande's most personal album recorded up to this point in her career, following the death of her ex-boyfriend Mac Miller and the end of her engagement to Pete Davidson. Songs like "thank u, next," "fake smile," and "7 rings" reflect on the artist's personal flaws, grief and denial, as well as independence and self-empowerment. A newcomer to the pop music scene this year was Lil Nas X, who had major success the year prior with his collaboration with Billy Ray Cyrus on "Old Town Road." His EP, 7, featured the award-winning track and the remixed version. The song went 17 times platinum in the US alone, and the music video has over 1.2 billion views on YouTube.
Take a look below at five songs that turn five in 2024:
We love this synth-pop track, with dark and violent lyrics Eilish sings so well from the perspective of a monster under someone's bed. She said, "Anything could be the monster — it could be someone you love so much that it’s taking over your life. I think love and terror and hatred are all the same thing." And yeah, we know "bad guy" is on that album and yes, that's a classic too. Don't come at us! We just love "bury a friend." 
Besides Lil Nas X's 2021 track, "MONTERO (Call Me By Your Name)," all his versions of "Old Town Road" continue to have classic status. The song initially gained popularity on TikTok and later that year, was certified diamond by the RIAA for selling ten million units in the US, making it the fastest song to be certified diamond.
The title track is so timeless and it will surely be played at weddings for years to come. Swift said while recording, she imagined the production to sound like "just the last two people on a dance floor at 3 a.m. swaying." The music video is just as romantic, but with a playful idea of Swift and her lover living the ups and downs of their life within a dollhouse.
In this iconic pop R&B track, Ariana sees a guy at a club and is attracted to him, only to realize that he has a girlfriend who looks just like her -- high ponytail and all. By lingering as a third wheel to the couple, he keeps looking back at Ariana. But by the end, she pushes him away and goes for his girlfriend. The video's climax was seen as "queerbating" by some, but her choosing her lookalike insinuates she would rather love herself.
Lizzo's funky pop song was the lead single from Cuz I Love You. The self-esteem empowering track has an equally fun and empowering music video showcasing Lizzo's self-love. In the video, the singer takes part in an '80s-style workout program, late-night talk show, and selling products on an infomercial.
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!