Liana Handler 
February 6, 2024
Football, NFL, Super Bowl
140 Views 
Roger Goodell has navigated a labyrinth of conspiracies and concerns, and it’s only the beginning of Super Bowl week. During a press conference Monday, he addressed the worries about the 49ers’ practice field, praised Taylor Swift and shot down theories about a rigged season.
While Goodell said Vegas has embraced the challenge of putting on a Super Bowl, complaints have begun to filter in.
The practice field is too soft, according to the 49ers. The NFL installed grass over the turf field that normally covers the Raider’s field to prepare for the Super Bowl. While Goodell admitted that it was softer than the team was used to, he expressed confidence about the surface quality.
For fans concerned about officiating, Goodell said he believed in the referees, but he also said to remember that they are human.
https://twitter.com/NFLonFOX/status/1754673239878488088
Even though some pundits and fans have vocalized their anger at Swift for attending games, Goodell says to breathe (Taylor’s Version).
Swift has created a new market for the NFL: young girls. Her relationship with Travis Kelce has driven girls to watch games, waiting for her to appear on their screens. The hope is that they continue, regardless of Swift’s relationship status. So, call it what you want, but the NFL is taking Swift’s new love for the sport in stride.
As for the Super Bowl conspiracies concerning Swift and NFL script writers, Goodell said it was “nonsense.”
At a #SBLVIII press conference NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell called the Taylor Swift effect ‘a positive’ for the league. Mega-pop star Swift is currently dating Kansas City Chiefs star tight-end Travis Kelce https://t.co/M8aONfK1BI pic.twitter.com/5UdfweEIFM
— Reuters (@Reuters) February 6, 2024
Tags #kansascitychiefs Las Vegas Roger Goodell San Fransisco 49ers: Super Bowl 58 Taylor Swift
April 24, 2025
April 23, 2025
April 23, 2025
The Super Bowl LIX matchup between the Kansas City Chiefs and Philadelphia Eagles is set …
Which Florida football team will have the best 2025 season?
View Results
Live from WRUF-TV

Forecast:
Today: Mostly sunny skies turning partly cloudy. High 88. Scattered late afternoon thunderstorms. Tonight: Scattered thunderstorms, otherwise partly cloudy and humid. Low 67. Tomorrow: Several rounds of showers and thunderstorms possible. High 83.
More Weather →