By KELSI KARRULI FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  20:50, 6 February 2024   |  Updated:  22:31, 6 February 2024   
 9
View  comments
A trio of beauty brands have splashed out $7 million on Super Bowl ads to target the boost of female viewers set to tune into the game this Sunday, which seems to be an effect of Taylor Swift's whirlwind romance with her NFL boyfriend Travis Kelce.
As the Kansas City Chiefs prepare to face off against the San Francisco 49ers on February 11, companies are cashing in on the millions of people expected to watch the sporting event by spending a major amount of funds on a 30-second advertisement. 
And this year, E.L.F Cosmetics, NYX Makeup, and Dove have entered the playing field, dropping cash in hopes of marketing towards the boom of young women who will be watching the Super Bowl after it was revealed the popstar, 34, and Chiefs tight end's relationship has prompted a 37 per cent spike in female NFL viewers. 
The Taylor effect went into full swing after she and Travis confirmed their PDA-riddled romance and it was revealed that they were 'madly in love' with each other - prompting NFL jersey sales and following counts to surge as brands began bending over backward to cash in on the female audience brought in by the superstar. 
Beauty brands have splashed out $7 million to target the boost of female viewers set to tune into the game, which seems to be an effect of Taylor Swift's romance with Travis Kelce
This year, E.L.F Cosmetics, NYX Makeup, and Dove have entered the playing field as they dropped cash in hopes of marketing towards the boom of young women
The beauty brands have entered the biggest marketing opportunity of the year because of Taylor's pull with female audience
And while Taylor has definitely made her mark on the NFL, brands NYX, E.L.F Cosmetics, and Dove are now hoping they can reach young women through their Super Bowl ads. 
Every year, companies pay upwards of $7 million just for a 30-second spot, and since the Super Bowl is the largest broadcast, advertisers desperately try to come up with unique ways to grab the attention of viewers. 
Now, the beauty brands have also entered the biggest marketing opportunity of the year because of Taylor's pull with female audience. 
L'Oreal's NYX Makeup bought its very first Super Bowl ad spot this year, while Dove repurchased a spot for the first time since 2015. 
Meanwhile, E.LF. Cosmetics will have an advertisement for the second year in a row. 
Kory Marchisotto, E.L.F.'s chief marketing officer (CMO), told The New York Times that Kansas City playing in the Super Bowl was great for business. 
She noted that the brand had various versions of the commercials available. 
'It was way easier when you would create a spot, spend a year on it, put it in market, and sit back and let it fly,' the CMO said.
L'Oreal's NYX Makeup bought its very first Super Bowl ad spot this year, while Dove repurchased a spot for the first time since 2015
Kory Marchisotto, E.L.F.’s chief marketing officer, told The New York Times that Kansas City playing in the Super Bowl was great for business
The hitmaker and the athlete's relationship has completely captured the nation ever since it kicked off last fall
According to The New York Times, companies are also investing in more interactive ads this year to boost audience engagement. 
Other companies are utilizing celebrities like Jennifer Aniston and Victoria Beckham in ads to reach audience members. 
The hitmaker and the athlete's relationship has completely captured the nation ever since it kicked off last fall.
It's especially been on the forefront of everyone's minds following the news that Travis's team will be playing in the Super Bowl this year - leaving many wondering if the popstar would be in attendance at the sporting event.
While some people have argued that Taylor wouldn't be able to make it since she has a show in Tokyo, Japan, on February 10 - one day before the coveted football game - others have argued that due to the time change she can indeed get to Las Vegas in time for the 3:30 p.m. kickoff.
Tokyo is 17 hours ahead of Las Vegas, and that flight time is about 12 hours - which means that if Taylor left the Asian country soon after her concert ended at 11 p.m. on Saturday, she would land in the US at 7 p.m. on Saturday, with plenty of time to spare.
The Cruel Summer songstress has supported her boyfriend at many of his games - 12, to be exact - so it would come as no surprise if she did fly across the globe to be at this one.
The singer and NFL player's fans have been following the couple's love story since it began in September 
It's especially been on the forefront of everyone's minds following the news that Travis's team will be playing in the Super Bowl this year
The Cruel Summer songstress has supported her boyfriend at many of his games - 12, to be exact - so it would come as no surprise if she did fly across the globe to be at this one
Most recently, she was present at his team's huge win against the Baltimore Ravens last Sunday - and when she ran onto the field to celebrate with the athlete following the victory, the tender moment between them sent the media into even more of a frenzy.
Taylor leapt into Travis's arms, and the two shared in a very romantic embrace and extremely passionate kiss.
The sports star was even heard using the L-word with the hitmaker, telling her, 'I love you,' before separating so he could go 'enjoy with the boys.'
She also appeared to utter the same statement during the interaction, it's harder to make out but she appeared to tell him, 'That was insane. I can't believe it. I love you.'
And it comes as no surprise since Taylor has fit in 'seamlessly' with Travis's family after she became close with his brother, Jason, and his parents while supporting him at his football games. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group