The singer's Valentino dress is still available, but not for long. Here's where to shop the look and similar styles.

													By
												

	Rylee Johnston


	All products and services featured are independently chosen by editors. However, Billboard may receive a commission on orders placed through its retail links, and the retailer may receive certain auditable data for accounting purposes.

	Taylor Swift left the 2024 Grammys with a historic album of the year win and the bombshell announcement of her new album, The Tortured Poets Department. To celebrate her big night, the singer attended a Grammys afterparty in a sparkling Valentino dress.






	
	
		
					Explore		
	





		Explore	

















	
		
					Taylor Swift		
					


See latest videos, charts and news



See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	While some of the “Anti-Hero” singer’s best outfits include more casual styles, including her coveted Aupen purse, this look shows off the Grammy winner’s most glamorous side — and you can currently buy the exact look for $18,000. 

	










			Trending on Billboard		








	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					This $18 Fridge Magnet Can Be Personalized With Your Favorite Song (And Actually Play It)		
	



	05/02/2025	







	The dress is designed with a semi-sheer material that flows down to a midi length just little below the knee. It’s decorated with gold and silver beading that will “make the whole place shimmer,” whether you’re attending a wedding, gala or party.

		Other details on the Valentino dress include a V-neckline and glittering straps that’ll draw eyes in envy. The material is made from a mix of polyester and nylon to keep you comfortable and not counting down the minutes until you can change. 	

	While the price tag is steep, the dress is almost sold out — there’s currently only one left in stock. If you’re looking to really splurge on an investment piece and dress just like the “Delicate” singer, you’ll want to act fast and shop the sparkling look.

	If the price is still out of your budget, you can still boast a similar sparkling gold look without sacrificing your savings account. Rather than hunt for similar styles on your own though, Billboard Shopping did the digging for you to find a few picks that bring the glitter and style, but at a more affordable price tag.

	Keep reading to shop our picks.

		Go for an ultimate glam look with hint of disco vibes in this ASOS sequin dress. The front shows off a knotted cutout while the maxi length allows you to pair it with your favorite heels to really elevate the look. And did we mention it’s 67% off?	

Lulu’s gold sequin dress is not only under $100, but has chain-link straps for a more modern yet chic look you can wear on a night out or to a cocktail party. The bodycon fit also aims to hug your body while the side slit helps show off your legs and provide ventilation.	

		Exude goddess-like energy in this metallic maxi dress that features a twist knot front and sleeveless design for layering or wearing alone. The skirt aims to hit around your ankle and comes with a pleated yet flowy design you can’t help but want to twirl in.	

	For more product recommendations, check out our roundups of the best platform heels, Taylor Swift costume ideas and denim dresses.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.