By CHLOE LOUISE FOR MAILONLINE  
 Published:  23:06, 8 February 2024   |  Updated:  02:31, 9 February 2024   
 29
View  comments
Just when you think Taylor Swift had done it all.
The 34-year-old singing sensation has now added a new project to her glitzy CV as she has now inspired a new bottle of wine in light of her new romance.
She has packed on the PDA with new American football star boyfriend Travis Kelce in recent weeks.
And the new romance has sparked a new obsession among swifties as Sunday's Super Bowl has become the latest must-see fan event.
And now Echo Falls has become the latest to jump on the 'Traylor' bandwagon.
Just when you think Taylor Swift had done it all. The 34-year-old singing sensation has now added a new project to her glitzy CV as she has now inspired a new bottle of wine in light of her new romance
She has packed on the PDA with new American football star boyfriend Travis Kelce in recent weeks. And the new romance has sparked a new obsession among swifties as Sunday's Super Bowl has become the latest must-see fan event
They have launched a limited-edition bottle with football buzzwords to help Swift-loving newcomers swot up ahead of the season finale.
The biggest sporting event in the US calendar is set to see thousands of extra female fans set to tune in - thanks to one of the hottest relationships on the planet.
Since the blonde beauty and Travis started dating, countless viewership records across the sport have been broken and an estimated 110million are expected to tune in to Sunday's game against San Francisco 49ers. 
Earlier in the season, NBC reported an extra two million viewers for the Kansas City Chiefs vs. Jacksonville Jaguars game.
Fuelling the surge is a formidable force of female fans, as research by Nielsen exposed a staggering 37 per cent spike in their viewership since 'Traylor' became an item.
Kelce jerseys also saw a 400 per cent spike in sales, while the athlete himself gained half a million new followers on Instagram.
Ahead of Sunday, Echo Falls Fruits has even gone the extra mile to help new fans in the UK embrace the game.
The wine firm has released limited edition Echo Falls Summer Berries bottles with their regular labels switched out for one's revealing the must-know American Football phrases for newbie fans to blurt out during the game.
And now Echo Falls has become the latest to jump on the 'Traylor' bandwagon as they have launched a limited-edition bottle with football buzzwords to help Swift-loving newcomers swot up ahead of the season finale
The wine firm has released limited edition Echo Falls Summer Berries bottles with their regular labels switched out for one's revealing the must-know American Football phrases for newbie fans to blurt out during the game
Since the blonde beauty and Travis started dating, countless viewership records across the sport have been broken and an estimated 110million are expected to tune in to Sunday's game
The limited-edition Echo Falls Summer Berries bottles feature four American Football buzzwords: Tight end, Kickoff, Blitz and Touchdown.
Once again, Swift is expected to make the big game, taking the 11-hour flight from Japan post-concert to watch Travis perform.
Travis previously applauded his popstar girlfriend for being 'all in' on supporting the Kansas City Chiefs ahead of Sunday's Super Bowl.
Having attended 12 games so far this season, Taylor's undeniable support did not go unnoticed as Travis gushed over her loyalty.
The tight went on SiriusXM NFL Radio on Monday and praised Swift's dedication to the team.
'She's all in man, she's all in,' Travis said. 'She's part of Chiefs Kingdom 100 per cent.'
Travis also talked about how he has been handling the magnitude of their relationship.
'You asked me how it is and to be honest, I'm learning throughout this all, you know?' Kelce said. 'I'm just kind of on the plane ride just cruising and trying to figure this thing out on the run, man.'
The loved-up couple made their relationship public in September with the singer's first appearance at a Chiefs game.
Taylor is expected to attend her 13th game in the Super Bowl despite having a concert in Tokyo the day prior as part of her world tour.
She appears to be taking her busy schedule in her stride in late months as she has also released five albums in five years and has rerecorded many of her past records.
Taylor is expected to attend her 13th game in the Super Bowl despite having a concert in Tokyo the day prior as part of her world tour

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group