This Super Bowl Sunday, you'll see many celebrities and lighthearted commercials as corporate advertisers steer clear of using the big event to promote social causes.
High-priced Super Bowl commercials are often playful, clever, and impressionable and flashy productions can also reflect the national spirit.
Brands who previously took a stance on specific issues, such as diversity and climate change, are acknowledging that anything deemed political while marketing a product can be "treacherous to navigate," said Kim Whitler, a professor at the University of Virginia's Darden School of Business and a former marketing executive at Procter & Gamble when speaking with Reuters.
"The pendulum swings. First, it was 'we don't do enough,' and now it's swinging back." She said.
Reuters noted that in 2017, Budweiser used the Super Bowl to depict Anheuser-Busch's founder making the journey from Germany to America in 1857, encountering xenophobia and discrimination along the way.
This year, it will bring back the iconic Clydesdale horses to its Super Bowl commercial, and related brands like Michelob Ultra will have a lighthearted ad featuring soccer superstar Lionel Messi.
Brands wanting to appeal to a younger demographic during the sporting event will capitalize on the romance between Taylor Swift and Kansas City Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce, whose team is playing in the Super Bowl again this year.
Despite the fascination over Swift during games she has attended this season, the pop star's appeal has benefited the league and could do the same for brands shelling out millions for a Super Bowl commercial, according to Charles R. Taylor, professor of marketing at Villanova University School of Business.
Reuters reported a 30-second spot on CBS sold for around $7 million which is about the same as last year, according to a source familiar with the ad sales.
"It's definitely been good for the NFL. (Swift has) flat out increased viewership." Taylor said.
Her much-publicized relationship with Chief's star Travis Kelce offers at least a chance of increased female viewership for this Sunday's game in Las Vegas. She's already credited for a ratings bump for football since their relationship went public last October, said CNN News.
"Taylor Swift's attendance at the Super Bowl will likely have a significant impact not only on the size of the audience but also its demographic make-up," according to Paul Hardart, a clinical professor of marketing for New York University's Stern School of Business.
"Swift boasts a massive, devoted fan base, and her relationship with Kelce adds an intriguing and romantic element to the event, making it even more appealing for brands to associate themselves with her presence," he previously told CNN.
Fans of all types can watch Cardi B plug Duck Plump lip gloss for L'Oreal NYX Professional Makeup. It's a first for the brand, and the company says the spot "highlights powerful women" and will be "hilarious."
Meanwhile, e.l.f. cosmetics, also a first-time Super Bowl advertiser, reunites some of the cast of "Suits." Actress Scarlett Johansson endorses M&M'S, Jennifer Aniston carries an Uber Eats bag on a Hollywood set, and comedian Kate McKinnon chats thoughtfully about food waste in Hellman's adorable commercial featuring "Mayo Cat."
At least 110 million people are expected to tune into this year's match between the San Francisco 49ers and the defending champion Kansas City Chiefs.