This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      
FOX News host Sean Hannity and FOX News Radio host Jimmy Failla discuss the swirling rumors around Travis Kelce and Taylor Swift.
After running an opinion piece that questioned Taylor Swift's sexuality, the New York Times quickly learned what it means to have bad blood with a devoted fan base.
The singer's fans, "Swifties," went scorched earth on the publication, irate that it would publish a opinion piece that suggested Swift might be gay. The entirety of the piece was a probe into Swift's every move since becoming famous, positing that certain decisions or statements made by Swift were actually subtle clues referencing her hidden sexuality. 
A representative for Swift did not immediately respond to Fox News Digital's request for comment.
The article generated massive backlash on social media, with users sharing their vitriol. 
"Just cancelled (sic) my subscription. This article is sexist and grossly inappropriate," one person posted on X.
TAYLOR SWIFT IS TIME'S PERSON OF THE YEAR: 5 REVELATIONS FROM HER FIRST INTERVIEW IN YEARS
The New York Times ran an opinion piece that suggested Taylor Swift might be gay, a view that enraged many of her fans. (Jeff Kravitz/TAS23/Getty Images for TAS Rights Management)
"Wow… throwing ethics out the window early this year," another user commented.
Other fans were horrified that a prominent outlet such as the New York Times would publish something that they deemed so egregious.
"This essay is a fireable offense – poorly written, horribly invasive, and objectionable in myriad ways. It is both galling and weird that NYT would publish a speculative piece on someone's gender identity. This is beneath the editorial standards of NYT Opinion. Do Better," one admonished.
"I’m not a big fan of hers but I am totally disgusted by this & will be canceling my New York Times subscription tomorrow morning," another revealed.
An opinion piece in the New York Times examined all the ways in which Taylor Swift might be a closeted gay person. (Getty Images)
LIKE WHAT YOU’RE READING? CLICK HERE FOR MORE ENTERTAINMENT NEWS
The public's fascination with Swift's romantic life has long remained tabloid fodder, much to the singer's chagrin. When Swift re-released her album, "1989 (Taylor's Version)," this past October, originally released in 2014, she also shared a prologue that described how the media's fascination with her private life had evolved and how she had channeled that into her music.
"It became clear to me that for me there was no such thing as casual dating, or even having a male friend who you platonically (sic) hang out with. If I was seen with him, it was assumed I was sleeping with him. And so I swore off hanging out with guys, dating, flirting, or anything that could be weaponized against me by a culture that claimed to believe in liberating women but consistently treated me with the harsh moral codes of the Victorian era," she wrote.
Taylor Swift was frequently spotted with her famous girl squad during the release of her fifth studio album, "1989." (John Shearer/Getty Images)
CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR THE ENTERTAINMENT NEWSLETTER
To change the narrative, Swift spent more time with her illustrious girl squad, or friend group, full of highly successful female actors, musicians and models.
"Being a consummate optimist, I assumed I could fix this if I simply changed my behavior. I swore off dating and decided to focus only on myself, my music, my growth, and my female friendships," Swift continued in her prologue. "If I only hung out with my female friends, people couldn't sensationalize or sexualize that – right? I would learn later on that people could and people would."
Fans on social media were quick to reference this particular message made by Swift in conjunction with the New York Times article.
"Except she asked people to stop doing this. Read the 1989 prolong. She has only dated men publicly. This is ignoring public statements by the singer. Misrepresenting events and ignoring obvious answers," one person lamented on X.
"Please read her 1989 prologue again," another person implored.
"If I only hung out with my female friends, people couldn't sensationalize or sexualize that – right? I would learn later on that people could and people would."
The op-ed, written by Anna Marks, also addressed Swift's latest relationship with Kansas City Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce. Marks questioned if the relationship is a "romance for the ages? strategic brand partnership? performance art for entertainment’s sake?"
Swift only recently confirmed that she and Kelce were an item, long before the public had any clue, in a rare moment of transparency about their romantic relationship.
Travis Kelce and Taylor Swift first started hanging out after the tight end called her out on his podcast in the summer of 2023. (Gotham/Getty Images)
CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP
Swift has not addressed the opinion piece. She is expected to attend the Golden Globe Awards – where she is a nominee – Sunday night.
Caroline Thayer is an entertainment writer. Follow Caroline Thayer on Twitter at @carolinejthayer and LinkedIn. Story tips can be sent to caroline.thayer@fox.com.
Get all the stories you need-to-know from the most powerful name in news delivered first thing every morning to your inbox
Subscribed
You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!

        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by
        Factset. Powered and implemented by
        FactSet Digital Solutions.
        Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by
        Refinitiv Lipper.