Filed under:
Philadelphia Eagles news and links for 1/7/24.
Let’s get to the Philadelphia Eagles links ...
Commanders expected to move on from HC Ron Rivera after four seasons - NFL.comExpect the Commanders to explore a modified front office structure that more closely resembles other sports, with a president of football operations-type overseeing the head coach and GM. Eugene Shen, who was hired in October as senior vice president of football strategy, oversees analytics and software for the football department and will remain part of the leadership team moving forward. If the Commanders do hire a person in charge of the entire operation, that person would likely be tasked with making decisions on those currently in the building — including Mayhew. There likely will be other front-office moves aimed at strengthening their situation, too. Harris, among others, will lead the search for their replacements. He’s shown a penchant for attracting and hiring key personnel, including bringing in Nick Nurse and Daryl Morey to the NBA’s Philadelphia 76ers and Lindy Ruf and Tom Fitzgerald to the NHL’s New Jersey Devils.
What NFL Insiders are saying about Mike McCarthy’s future in Dallas - Blogging The BoysAs Schefter states, fair or unfair, the standard in Dallas is to win championships. If McCarthy can’t accomplish that with clearly the best team he’s had since taking over, then everything seems open for discussion. Could that include a potential promotion for defensive coordinator Dan Quinn? The front office loves how he’s changed the team on the defensive side of the ball and made them a consistently dominant unit. Quinn’s return to Dallas in 2023 surprised many, considering he was in a position for the Denver Broncos head coaching job. He stepped away from that and wanted to return and coach his guys. Quinn’s name is already circling the league for potential openings, including the one in Los Angeles with the Chargers. If Dallas wants to keep Quinn from another head coaching cycle, could they let go of McCarthy in favor of keeping their defensive coordinator? Schefter’s last sentence could mean no one knows what the team will be willing to do to keep him around. Cowboys owner Jerry Jones could certainly shock everyone with something unprecedented.
Who do you want the Eagles to play in the playoffs? - BGNThe Eagles haven’t built up any momentum as they neared the end of the season, and still hope to get things sorted out in Week 18. So, with how this team has been playing, what’s your ideal scenario for the team in the first game of postseason?
Above the Nest with Raichele #101: A.J. Brown breaks his silence, 6 Eagles named to Pro Bowl + Week 18 injury reports - BGN RadioRaichele Privette gets you caught up on the latest Eagles news from the week including star WR A.J. Brown speaking with the media after avoiding them for weeks, some Eagles players snubbed from the Pro Bowl and both the Eagles and Giants Week 18 injury reports.
Eagles mailbag: Is Jalen Hurts’ and A.J. Brown’s audible vs. the Seahawks an indictment of the coaching staff’s play calling? - PhillyVoiceThe reality is that Hurts should have the ability to make a check at the line based on what he sees. If you tell your quarterback, “Run what I call no matter what,” you’re limiting your offensive ceiling. In the case of the Seahawks game Hurts probably just lost sight of what the offense needed to accomplish in that situation, which was to gain 15-20 yards, not 40-50, and he made a bad check. (Sirianni hinted at correcting the mistake non-publicly.)
Game Preview – PHI at NYG - Iggles BlitzArizona manhandled the Eagles at times last week. That was embarrassing. The Eagles have a chance to go out on Sunday and play with a chip on their shoulders. This defense has some talented players. Show some pride. Be physical and play with urgency. This game is a bit of a litmus test for the Eagles. They absolutely need to win this game. Beyond that, they really need to play well. That would help with their confidence as they head into the playoffs. A sloppy performance will just bring more questions. A loss? I don’t even want to think about that.
What D’Andre Swift proved with his Pro Bowl season - NBCSPThe day before Nick Sirianni announced the Eagles’ Pro Bowlers to the entire team, he called D’Andre Swift to tell him the good news. After joining the Eagles in a trade this offseason, Swift came home to Philly and has had his first 1,000-yard season and made his first-career Pro Bowl. Shortly after getting the news, Swift called his mom, dad and a few friends. “My dad was at work,” Swift said of his father Darren, who owns Swift Fit in Philadelphia. “He ran out the gym and starting yelling.” There’s no question that the 24-year-old is excited about making the Pro Bowl and having his first thousand-yard season. The former second-round pick is having a career season and in doing it in his hometown. “Being from here, being able to do it in my hometown, it makes it mean so much more,” he said. What has Swift proven this year? “A lot,” he said. “But the year ain’t over with yet. I think of it like that. We’ve got a lot of work to be done. We’ll see when it’s all said and done.”
Eagles elevate Tristin McCollum for Sunday’s game vs. Giants - PE.comThe Eagles announced one roster move ahead of their regular-season finale against the New York Giants as they elevated safety Tristin McCollum from the practice squad for the game.
Roster moves: Giants shuffle roster for season finale - Big Blue ViewTo fill those openings, the Giants signed quarterback Jacob Eason and tight end Tyree Jackson from their practice squad to the 53-man roster. Eason, who has been on and off the practice squad this season, was signed as a third, emergency quarterback. Starter Tyrod Taylor was limited throughout the week with a back injury. Jackson, who has been on the practice squad all season, played in two prior games for the Giants with one start. He has played 18 offensive snaps.
The Washington Commanders will have a lot of cap space this offseason — but not as much as many people think - Hogs HavenAccording to OTC, the Commanders are currently projected to have the most available cap space of any team in the league. The Titans are 2nd at $77.2m; the Saints are 32nd, currently projected to be $72.3m over the cap. With the ‘23 regular season about to end in a matter of hours, these numbers should stay stable for a while (money paid to players in the playoffs is paid by the league and does not affect salary cap). There will be some significant changes to projections some time around late-February when adjustments are processed (bonuses earned or missed, etc). We are all aware that the big changes in cap space will come when teams release or trade players in February and March. Of course, with each player released to increase cap space, another roster spot is opened up that needs to be filled, which will require at least some of that cap savings to be used up. We’ll look at the impact of those decisions in another month or two; for now, the scope of this article is to discuss only the projected salary cap at the end of the season, and how much is available for free agency.
NFL playoff picture following Colts-Texans - SB NationThe NFL playoffs are not yet underway. But in many ways, they began on Saturday night. Week 18 of the 2023 NFL regular season began with two critical AFC games, where one team was already in and resting starters, while the other three were fighting for their playoff lives. In the early game, the Pittsburgh Steelers kept their playoff hopes alive with a win over the Baltimore Ravens. As outlined in our breakdown of all the Week 18 playoff scenarios, the Steelers can get in with either a Buffalo Bills loss to the Miami Dolphins, or a Jacksonville Jaguars loss to the Tennessee Titans.
...
Social Media Information:
BGN Facebook Page: Click here to like our page
BGN Twitter: Follow @BleedingGreen
BGN Instagram: Follow @BleedingGreenInsta
BGN Manager: Brandon Lee Gowton: Follow @BrandonGowton
BGN Radio Twitter: Follow @BGN_Radio
BGN Cameo: Request a video message
Check your inbox for a welcome email.
Oops. Something went wrong. Please enter a valid email and try again.
Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.