LIFESTYLE
Feb 10, 2024, 9:24 AM                        | Updated: Oct 8, 2024, 11:27 am
Usher poses during the Super Bowl LVIII Pregame & Apple Music Super Bowl LVIII Halftime Show press conference at the Mandalay Bay in Las Vegas on Thursday, Feb. 8, 2024 in Las Vegas. (Photo: Candice Ward, Getty Images)
(Photo: Candice Ward, Getty Images)
BY MICKI GAMEZ
KIRO Newsradio Traffic and Features Reporter
There’s a special number surrounding the Super Bowl halftime show and it is probably not one you are thinking of.
It’s not 13, which is Taylor Swift’s favorite number. And, no, it’s not 87, which Travis Kelce’s jersey. (Unless you live under a rock, those two are dating.)
KIRO Newsradio’s Micki Gamez with Taylor Swift. (Photo: Selfie courtesy of Micki Gamez)
It is also not 15, which is the jersey number of Patrick Mahomes, one of the best quarterbacks of all time (who throws passes to Travis Kelce).
Super Bowl LVIII is this weekend. The San Francisco 49ers and Kansas City Chiefs go head to head at 3:30 p.m. Sunday on CBS and Paramount+ (plus, there’s a special special broadcast for kids on Nickelodeon).
Usher will perform the famous halftime show. What has he been up to? He just finished a two-and-half-year Las Vegas residency in December. And since the game is in Vegas, then why not, Usher Raymond?
Not only is Sunday a big day for Usher, he also has a new album coming out soon after the big game. But before we get into that …
It has been nine years since Usher released his 8th album, “Hard II Love.”
Related news: Super Bowl team stirs controversy among Native Americans
Another interesting fact… Usher has had nine No. 1 hit singles.
And that’s not all: Usher’s ninth studio album called “Coming Home” dropped Feb. 9. Plus, think about it: The Niners are in the Super Bowl. So many nines!
According to numerologists, the number nine means completion, transformation, and balance and that might be good news for Usher.
The singer did confirm viewers can expect to see unexpected famous guests.
“It will definitely be an event,” Usher teased in an interview with Billboard magazine. “There are special guests. And I’ve considered new songs. But you know, it’s 12 to 15 minutes. So it’s really hard to determine what moment matters more than others, especially with a new song. But there’s the dance, the wardrobe, the lighting, how long you stay in a song, the fact that the audience may sing along … It’s a lot. So I’m trying my hardest not to overthink it.”
The special guest list is super secret but some rumored names are popping out. Pitbull, Madonna, Justin Bieber and Lil John (He lives in Vegas, wink wink, nudge nudge).
Even more exciting for Usher fans, they will get to see a bit more of him Sunday than other halftime show acts in the past.
Usher told Entertainment Weekly recently that while most performers are tasked with curating a very tight show that runs around 13 minutes, Usher said he managed to get 15.
“I can’t explain why, but it’s a funny thing that I was able to do and craft,” Usher explained. “That was a huge strategic thing that happened between me and my agency.”
You can read more of Micki Gamez’s stories here. Follow Micki on X, formerly known as Twitter, or email her here.
Follow @https://twitter.com/onairmichelle
Associated Press

                                    This week, President Donald Trump announced he won’t recognize Indigenous Peoples Day and will bring Columbus Day “back from the ashes” — another sign some Native leaders say that advocacy for Indigenous representation must continue during Trump’s second term in the White House. Columbus Day, celebrated annually in October, venerates the accomplishments of Italian explorer […]                                
52 minutes ago
Associated Press

                                    For years, President Donald Trump blamed “communists” for his legal and political troubles. Now, the second Trump administration is deploying that same historically loaded label to cast his opponents — from judges to educators — as threats to American identity, culture and values. Why? Trump himself explained the strategy last year when he described how […]                                
2 hours ago
Associated Press

                                    NEW YORK (AP) — The deadline to get a REAL ID is fast approaching after years of postponements and delays. Starting May 7, your license or identification card will need to be REAL ID-compliant to fly domestically in the U.S. Unfortunately, it doesn’t seem like there will be another delay in the deadline this time. […]                                
2 hours ago
Associated Press

                                    OMAHA, Neb. (AP) — Thousands of Berkshire Hathaway investors streamed into an arena Saturday hoping to hear Warren Buffett address what he thinks of President Donald Trump’s tariffs and explain why he is sitting on $347.7 billion cash. Tariffs were the top subject that shareholders asked about in the questions they sent ahead of time […]                                
2 hours ago
Associated Press

                                    CHEYENNE, Wyo. (AP) — The deaths of six, and possibly seven, foreign nationals in a fiery van crash in eastern Idaho are a reminder that the visitors who throng to Yellowstone and Grand Teton National Parks from around the world travel on scenic byways that can be as dangerous as the region’s grizzly bears and […]                                
3 hours ago
Associated Press

                                    OMAHA, Neb. (AP) — Warren Buffett’s company reported just over one-third of last year’s profit Saturday morning just as thousands of Berkshire Hathaway shareholders streamed into an Omaha arena to listen to the revered investor answer questions. The profit numbers were weighed down by a major drop in the value of its investments and $860 […]                                
3 hours ago

                                    Home Comfort Alliance goes beyond simply installing a system—it provides long-term peace of mind.                                

                                    Discover how State Roofing and Exteriors is expanding with new offices in Western Washington, enhancing service for homeowners.                                

                                    Struggling with Medicare expenses? Discover programs that can help you save significantly each month on premiums.                                

                                    Deciding when it's time for senior living can be challenging. However, a senior living community can be a positive step toward ensuring safety, health and happiness.                                

                                    Safeway and Albertson’s launched the Nourishing Neighbors program to ensure everyone has access to nourishing food every day.                                

                                    The Museum of Pop Culture (MOPOP), located in Seattle, steps into the realm of folklore and fantasy with its upcoming exhibition, "Asian Comics: Evolution of an Art Form."