After America’s most famous pop star went public with her  budding relationship with one of the country’s best football players,  most people saw a power couple who share a penchant for lefty politics,  public romances and savvy business moves. Far-right personalities saw  something more sinister: a government psyop to thwart Donald Trump’s  election.
Their theory goes like this: none of it was accidental. The  government arranged for Taylor Swift to activate her Gen Z fans as  voters by “dating” Kansas City Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce, whose  games were rigged so his team would make it to the Super Bowl, where,  halfway through, the couple would endorse President Biden for  reelection, swaying unsuspecting viewers and tilting Democracy toward an  unnatural conclusion.
Perhaps a theory like this was destined to consume all of our  attention, according to Joseph E. Uscinski, a political science  professor at the University of Miami who specializes in conspiracy  theories. “It gets attention because you have the biggest singer in the  world, the biggest sporting event in the world, combined with the  biggest and most important election in the world,” Uscinski told The  Washington Post in an email.
The theory may also have been manufactured not to fool the  masses, but rather, sway just one very specific person. “It seems  unlikely that a large segment of the population really believes she is  part of a psyop,” Barbara McQuade, an MSNBC contributor and author of  the forthcoming book, “Attack from Within: How Disinformation is  Sabotaging America,” told The Post. “I think it is somebody trying to  stir up this controversy in the hopes that she refrains from endorsing  Joe Biden.”
Swift’s following on social media - more than 535 million -  dwarfs the size of those pushing the conspiracy about her. And she has  increasingly been wading into politics. Swift endorsed Democrats in  2018, leading to a spike in voter registrations. In June 2019 she took a  public stance against Trump’s LGBTQ+ policies and admittedly regretted  not endorsing Hillary Clinton. Swift endorsed Biden in 2020. After she  posted an Instagram story last year encouraging people to register to  vote, traffic to Vote.org spiked by more than 1,200 percent within an  hour, according to its CEO, Andrea Hailey.
So when the New York Times reported last month that Biden’s  campaign was, again, looking for Swift’s endorsement, Trump supporters  had a strong reaction. Some on TV told her not to do it. Others, online,  said it was proof powerful forces were up to something.
The idea started off as laughable and was largely ignored, when  early iterations of it were tweeted by Laura Loomer, a far-right  extremist, who started her rambling post with this question: “Has  @taylorswift13 made a deal with George Soros and Alex Soros to get the  rights to her music back in exchange for getting Zoomers registered to  vote Democrat against President Trump ahead of the 2024 Presidential  election?”
But a darker version of the idea became conventional MAGA  wisdom by Dec. 6 when more influential right-wing personalities attacked  Swift immediately after she was named Time magazine’s person of the  year. And within a month it became frustratingly unavoidable when on  Jan. 9, days before Kelce’s team had its first playoff game, Fox News’s  Jesse Watters stared into a television camera and asked his million of  viewers, “So, how is the psyop going?”
What would otherwise be a heartwarming story of a love  transcending America’s disparate cultures has now become an example of  that disconnect. “Those who use disinformation to divide us try to  demonize that which is other,” McQuade said of the conspiracy aimed at  Swift. And added, Swift “could be seen as a threat to Republicans,”  since she has encouraged young people to vote, and young people tend to  vote more progressive than their older counterparts.
At the heart of this theory isn’t a secret government program,  or open-air election interference. Rather, it may all flow out of  old-fashioned sexism, the kind Swift, 34, has been battling  throughout her nearly two decade career. And despite the NFL’s effort to  reach younger and female viewers, it is, according to McQuade, “very  traditional, very male.” “Perhaps,” she added, “there are some who take  offense to her intrusion on that world.”
Sept. 26: An early version of this conspiracy was posted  online by Loomer, who argued Swift’s stepped up political engagement is  linked to her fight to regain control of her music catalogue from  George Soros, a major Democratic funder and frequent target of  antisemitic conspiracies. In exchange for doing one, she’d get  the other. But Swift’s support of Democrats started before December  2019, when Swift publicly complained about the sale of her music  catalogue to a business entity whose link to Soros has not been  confirmed. A spokesperson for Soros’s Open Society Foundation told the  Wall Street Journal these theories were “preposterous.”
But Loomer’s post, and others like it, got millions of views on X, formerly known as Twitter.
Loomer kept posting about Swift, and in October claimed she was part of “a highly organized political opp ahead of 2024.”
Dec. 6: Early that morning Time magazine named Taylor Swift the  magazine’s person of the year. For right wing media personalities, that  was proof. They quickly labeled her, and her accomplishment, a “psyop,”  a term popular on the right for anything they find suspicious and claim  is orchestrated by powerful forces.
The Taylor Swift girlboss psyop has been fully activated. From her hand-selected vaccine shill boyfriend to her DINK lifestyle to her upcoming 2024 voter operation for Democrats on abortion rights It’s all coming https://t.co/8ce47qv6Zo
Jack Posobiec - a former Naval intelligence and far-right media  personality, known for advancing conspiracy theories such as  “Pizzagate,” picked up the Swift conspiracy theory. Posobiec told  his 675,000 followers on Gettr - a controversial social media platform  once led by Trump senior adviser Jason Miller - that “the Taylor swift  psyop for 2024 has been activated.” Thirty minutes later, Posobiec told his more than 2 million followers on X, that “The Taylor Swift girlboss psyop has been fully activated.”
The same day Posobiec credited Ye, the controversial rapper who  has feuded with the pop star, with having “tried to warn us about the  Taylor Swift psyop and we didn’t listen.”
By Friday Feb. 9, Posobiec’s posts about Swift had more than 4.5 million views on X. Posobiec did not respond to an email seeking comment.
Back on Dec. 6, another influential account picked up the theory. The “regime  has plans to weaponize her just in time for 2024,” End Wokeness told  its 2.2 million followers on X, which include Jesse Watters, MAGA  favorite Rep. Matt Gaetz (R-Fla.) and former Trump senior advisers  Stephen Miller and Dan Scavino Jr.
Hours later, Miller, who now runs a law firm called America First Legal, put his spin on the conspiracy. “What’s happening with Taylor Swift is not organic,” Miller wrote in a post that now has nearly 4 million views. Miller did not respond to an email seeking comment.
Jan. 9: Just after 3 a.m. a short video was posted on X by Mike  Benz, a former Trump administration official who has more than 147,000  followers on the site.
The video shows Benz watching a snippet of a 2019 conference  organized by NATO, where a research engineer at Johns Hopkins briefly  mentioned using a celebrity like Taylor Swift to combat  disinformation. “Are you f---ing kidding me,” Benz yelled into a  microphone, claiming it was proof NATO “had worked with her in the  past.” In posting the video, Benz wrote, inaccurately, that it showed  “the incredible moment” when a representative from the Pentagon “pitched  NATO’s military psyops center on turning Taylor Swift into an asset …”
At 11:11 a.m., Elon Musk, who owns X and has promoted  discredited accounts, responded to Benz’s inaccurate post. “Doesn’t seem  like an effective way to combat ‘disinformation,’” Musk wrote to his  171 million followers.
By 8 p.m., the video Benz surfaced and Musk responded to was featured on Fox News.
“Have you ever wondered why, or how, she blew up like this?”  Watters asked about Swift, even though her record-setting Eras tour was  filling stadiums for months before the Swift theories took hold.
Watters featured a clip from the same video Benz had shared, then told his millions of viewers, “The Pentagon psyop unit pitched NATO on turning Taylor Swift into an asset, for combating misinformation online.”
“So,” Watters asked his audience that January night, “how’s the  psyop going?” A spokesperson for Fox News did not provide a comment  when asked about Watters’ segment.
Watters posted the segment on X, and asked again, “Is Taylor  Swift a Pentagon PsyOp asset?” By Feb. 9, that post has gotten more than  1.6 million views.
Watters’ segment blasted the chatter into new heights. Within  about an hour of Watters’ sharing his video on X, the Patriot Voice  reposted it. “Wakey, wakey!” the Patriot Voice told its followers in a  post that has 2.2 million views, as of Feb. 9.
Loomer also reposted Watters segment on X, and said, “Told ya  months ago” about Swift. In an interview, Loomer told The Post, “I was  more poking fun at Fox News, kind of, I guess you can say ripping off my  original idea that I had proposed.” Loomer added, “I never said she was  a pentagon psyop,” and “I don’t watch the Super Bowl.”
Jan. 10 to 31: The day after Watters’ segment, the Pentagon  refuted the conspiracy theory, with healthy dose of annoyance and  eyerolls. “[A]s for this conspiracy theory, we are going to shake it  off,” Deputy Pentagon press secretary Sabrina Singh said in a statement,  employing an obvious reference to Swift’s song, Politico reported.
A day after that denial, popular far right activist Charlie  Kirk said: “What is the Taylor Swift op, because there’s obviously,  there is somebody either using, or deploying Taylor Swift for a reason”  Kirk said in a video he shared on Facebook.
A constellation of far-right media personalities also amplified  the story of the Pentagon’s denial, including the Epoch Times, One  America News, NTD television and radio host Larry Elder. For outlets  that cater to audiences peeling away from Fox News, “Everything is more  evidence to prove the conspiracy theory is correct,” Juliet Jeske, an  independent media journalist who writes extensively about Fox News,  said.
End Wokeness, again, posted about the conspiracy theory late  last month, this time adding as proof, “We all feel it. We all know it.”  As of Feb. 9 the post got more than 6.8 million views.
Others were now describing the conspiracy as inevitable. Former  Republican presidential candidate Vivek Ramaswamy - who during his  presidential campaign embraced conspiracies about Jan. 6, covid and the  2020 election - implied the Super Bowl, and Swift’s endorsement of Biden  were forgone conclusions. Around 2.7 million saw that message on X, as  of Feb. 9.
February 2024: The right wing figures who kept the conspiracy  in circulation may have generated clicks and attention for their brands,  but they also incurred widespread backlash.
The Pentagon this month issued another statement denying the  conspiracy theory. “Taylor Swift is not part of DOD psychological  operation. Period,” Singh, the deputy spokeswoman at the Department of  Defense said.
Arnold Schwarzenegger, the movie star and former Republican  governor of California who has feuded with Trump, mocked those promoting  the conspiracy theory. “Remember, everything is a plant,” he told  Variety, mocking the conspiracy theorists.
Comedian Bill Maher told viewers of his popular HBO show about  the conspiracy by prefacing it with, “The right wing, they are just  mental.”
The most knowing rebuke may have come from Reince  Priebus, the former Republican National Committee chairman who briefly  served as Trump’s White House chief of staff. He told ABC’s “This Week,”  that the theory was “a powder keg of stupidity.”
However, when asked by host George Stephanopoulos where ideas  like this come from, Priebus pointed out: “Look, we live in a world  where division is profit, unity is a loser.”
Clara Ence Morse, Alex Horton and Will Sommer contributed to this report.
Anchorage Daily News
300 W. 31st Ave.Anchorage, Alaska, 99503