By DEIRDRE DURKAN-SIMONDS and JACQUELINE LINDENBERG FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  17:33, 10 February 2024   |  Updated:  17:52, 10 February 2024   
 160
View  comments
Kanye West is under fire for name dropping Taylor Swift on his new track,  Carnival, featured on his newly-released album, Vultures, Volume 1.
In response to the 'objectifying' lyrics seemingly aimed directly at the pop star, 34, her legions of fans accused the 46-year-old rapper of being stuck in the past and 'obsessed' with her. 
Many expressed rage over some of the X-rated lyrics, including: 'Why she say she sucked my d**k? (Ha) Then she say she ain't sucked my d**k (Ha). She gon' take it up the a** (Ha), like a ventriloquist (Ha).'
Following those explicit lines, he raps: 'I made six Taylor Swift (Ha), Since I had the Rollie on the wrist (Ha), I'm the new Jesus, bitch (Ha), I turn water to crist (Ha).'
Considering his well-documented history of bullying the singer, beginning with him ambushing her acceptance speech for Video of the Year at the 2009 MTV VMAs, thousands of Swifties began to intervene on X (previously known as Twitter).
Kanye West is under fire for name dropping Taylor Swift on his new track, Carnival, featured on his newly-released album, Vultures, Volume 1 (seen in 2015)
In response to the 'objectifying' lyrics seemingly aimed directly at the pop star, 34, her legions of fans accused the 46-year-old rapper of being stuck in the past and 'obsessed' with her
'He's 46 and he's still living in 2009,' one fan quipped. 
Another asked: 'Isn't Kanye tired of being problematic? I'm sick of him tbh [to be honest].' 
'You know that Kanye West is desperate to be talked about and have fame again when out of nowhere he puts our precious Taylor Swift on his lyrics again,' a third tweeted. 'It's sad Kanye honestly.'
A fourth claimed: 'He knows he only gets attention when he mentions Taylor or his ex Kim Kardashian.' 
'Kanye has really been harassing Taylor since she was 19 years old. When will it stop?' another questioned. 'Like genuinely leave this girl alone….'
A handful of social media users speculated he was 'chasing clout' and just looking for controversy to generate sales and streams. 
Regardless, it was pointed out that West's decision to include 'Taylor's name next to a bunch of men who are sex offenders is definitely a choice.' 
Other groaned that they thought 'we'd moved past this.' 
Despite using her names, one fan joked that the album 'will still flop.' 
Considering his well-documented history of bullying the singer, beginning with him ambushing her acceptance speech for Video of the Year at the 2009 MTV VMAs, thousands of Swifties began to intervene on X (previously known as Twitter)
One asked: 'Isn't Kanye tired of being problematic? I'm sick of him tbh [to be honest]'
A handful of social media users speculated he was 'chasing clout' and just looking for controversy to generate sales and streams
Previously, he previously mentioned the Love Story songstress in his 2016 track titled Famous.
He had rapped: 'For all my South Side n****s that know me best/ I feel like me and Taylor might still have sex/ Why? I made that b***h famous.' 
At the time, Swift made it clear that she took offense to the lyric in his track Famous, and the accompanying music video also depicted a naked Taylor lying in his bed next to him - along with a whole host of other celebrities - with nude Kim on the other side.
Kanye defended the line, claiming he had a conversation with Taylor about the lyrics in question ahead of time, which she denied.
However, Swift continued to accuse Kanye of lying about asking her permission to reference her in his lyrics which prompted now ex-wife Kim to release a partial recording of the call in question.
'I'm really glad you had the respect to call me that and tell me that as a friend, about the song. It's just a really cool thing to do, and a really good show of friendship,' Taylor is heard saying.
Taylor hit back by claiming that although Kanye spoke through some aspects of the lyrics, she did not consent to being referred to as a 'b***h.'
The Bad Blood hitmaker recently opened up about the effect the lyrics had on her as well as the bitter feud between the rapper and SKIMS founder.
While talking to TIME after being named the magazine's Person of the Year in December 2023, she dished on the dispute which started when West wrote the vulgar lyrics about the rising star.
Previously, he previously mentioned the Love Story songstress in his 2016 track titled Famous, in which he rapped: 'I feel like me and Taylor might still have sex/ Why? I made that b***h famous' (pictured earlier this month) 
Taylor said that the public fallout said it felt like 'a career death,' adding: 'Make no mistake - my career was taken away from me.' 
Discussing the aftermath and the brutal toll that it took on her wellbeing, Swift added, 'You have a fully manufactured frame job, in an illegally recorded phone call, which Kim Kardashian edited and then put out to say to everyone that I was a liar.'
'That took me down psychologically to a place I've never been before. I moved to a foreign country. I didn't leave a rental house for a year. I was afraid to get on phone calls.'
She later took another swing at Kardashian, West, and anyone else who she believes has tried to stifle her success, remarking: 'Trash takes itself out every single time.'
'But I've also learned there's no point in actively trying to quote unquote defeat your enemies,' she said. 'Trash takes itself out every single time.'
Taylor's feud with Kim and Kanye had been bubbling to the surface as early as 2009, seemingly out of the blue, when 19-year-old Taylor was at the MTV Video Music Awards, accepting the Best Female Video award for You Belong with Me.
West famously crashed Swift's acceptance speech at the MTV Video Music Awards, when we was just 19, to say he believed Beyoncé should have won the trophy  (seen above)
But the tension only continued when the father-of-four humiliated the star once again at the VMAs in 2015 by claiming he was only selected to present him an award for 'ratings' when she alleged he personally asked her to  on stage with him; seen in 2015
Suddenly, in the middle of her acceptance speech, Kanye jumped on the stage, grabbed the microphone out of her hands and bellowed: 'Yo, Taylor, I'm really happy for you and Imma let you finish, but Beyoncé had one of the best videos of all time. One of the best videos of all time!'
In a bid to diffuse the tension, Beyonce later called Taylor up on stage when she won Video of the Year for Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It), and allowed the country music star a moment in the spotlight.
But the tension only continued when the father-of-four humiliated the star once again at the VMAs in 2015.
It appeared the pair were getting on as Kanye joked: 'You know how many times they announced Taylor was going to give me the award 'cause it got them more ratings?'
However, Taylor later announced that his statement truly irked her, as he made out in public that it was for ratings, but in private, asked her to be on stage with him as it would 'mean so much.' 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group