By KINTA WALSH-COTTON FOR DAILY MAIL AUSTRALIA 
 Published:  21:42, 12 February 2024   |  Updated:  22:27, 12 February 2024   
 5
View  comments
Taylor Swift fans yet to score a ticket to the Australian leg of her Eras Tour had their hopes and dreams come true on Tuesday - but there's a catch.  
Frontier Touring reopened ticket sales on Tuesday with 'limited' numbers available for the pop superstar's Melbourne and Sydney shows, but warned fans will have a 'restricted' view of the stage.
Just days ahead of her first show at the MCG on Friday, Swifties can pay $65.90 for the newly released restricted-view sets.
'Anticipation is at fever pitch as Australia prepares for the start of Taylor Swift The Eras Tour,' a frontier spokesperson said in a statement.
'With the show setup now under way, it has been confirmed that limited tickets, including restricted view tickets at $65.90, can be released for sale.'
Taylor Swift, 34, (pictured) fans had all their hopes and dreams come true on Tuesday when ticket sales for the Australian leg of her Eras Tour opened back up - but there's a catch
These coveted tickets will go on sale on Tuesday at 2pm AEDT for all Melbourne concerts and 4pm AEDT for all Sydney concerts.
Despite the less than ideal seating, fans of Taylor Swift, 34, proved in November they were willing to buy any ticket to get close to their idol.
One Swiftie revealed last year what an 'obstructed view' ticket looks like at the Eras Tour, sharing an image from one of the singer's past US concerts to X.
One Swiftie revealed last year what an 'obstructed view' ticket looks like at the Eras Tour, sharing an image from one of the singer's past US concerts to X 
The photo showed seats high up in the stadium from two different angles, with limited visibility of the stage but with large screens capturing the action.
One X-user replied, 'I will take it,' followed by crying emojis.
Another claimed: '[Taylor] spends most of the show on the catwalk so it's still worth it!'
Tickets to Taylor Swift's Sydney shows were reported to have sold out within 82 minutes just days before on November 10. 
The photo showed seats high up in the stadium from two different angles, with limited visibility of the stage, but with large screens capturing the action
A limited quantity of tickets became available at 10am AEDT, and drew what is speculated to be millions of eager fans vying for fewer than 100,000 'partially-obstructed' view seats at the time.
By 10:25am AEDT, only single seats were available, and at 11:01 am, it was announced that the February 24 show in Sydney had sold out, followed by the February 23 show minutes later.
By 11:22am, all tickets were reported to be sold out. Limited tickets for 'partially-obstructed view' seats for Taylor's Melbourne shows went on sale at 4pm AEDT and were sold out within the hour.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group