Is Jacob Elordi's 'On Swift Horses' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Amazon Prime Video?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'Heavenly Ever After' On Netflix, A Charming K-Drama Where An 80-Year-Old Woman Reconnects With Her Suddenly Much Younger Looking Husband In The Afterlife				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'Journey to You' on Hallmark, Where A Workaholic Nurse And A Divorced Single Dad Find Themselves—And Love—On The Camino de Santiago				

					Is 'The Wedding Banquet' 2025 Movie Streaming on Netflix or Amazon Prime?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Exterritorial’ on Netflix, a German Thriller Leaning Hard On Its Crunchy Hand-to-Hand Combat Sequences				

					The Top 10 Movies on Netflix That Are Most Popular Right Now				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Jewel Thief: The Heist Begins’ on Netflix, a Hacky Indian Action Flick That Only Steals Your Precious Time				

					Marvel's 'Thunderbolts*' Review: A Small Superhero Story Offering Huge Hope for the Future of the MCU				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘The Biggest Fan’ on Netflix, a Mexican Comedy About Celeb Worship Starring Kate del Castillo				

					Will There Be a 'Four Seasons' Season 2? Everything We Know About The Netflix Comedy				

					'The Four Seasons' Welcomes Back Alan Alda In A Special Guest Role				

					R.I.P. Ruth Buzzi: 'Laugh-In' And 'Sesame Street' Alum Dead At 88				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Asterix and Obelix: The Big Fight’ on Netflix, a Fresh and Fun Animated Series in a Long-Running French Franchise				

					Is the 'Sneaks' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Disney+?				

					Is the 2025 'King Of Kings' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Disney+?				

					Chaotic 'Minecraft Movie' Screenings Have Led To Police Removals Of Rowdy Audience Members				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Promised Hearts’ on Netflix, A Friends-to-Lovers Indonesian Romance About Childhood Friends				

					'The Smashing Machine' Trailer Drops: Could This Score Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson His First Oscar?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘The Narrow Road To The Deep North’ On Prime Video Where Jacob Elordi Plays A Haunted Prisoner Of War				

					Aimee Carrero On Why Signing Onto 'Your Friends And Neighbors' Was A No-Brainer For Her: "I Love Nothing More Than Subverting A Stereotype"				

					Kerry Washington Censored On 'The View' While Gloating About Telling Method Man To "F Off" In 'Shadow Force'				

					What Time Is Trump on TV Tonight? How To Watch 'President Trump The First 100 Days'				

					Kelly Clarkson Tells Finn Wolfhard All About Her "Horrible" First Kiss: "It Was Like He Was Searching For Something"				

					Idina Menzel Confesses To Andy Cohen On ‘The Kelly Clarkson Show’ About The Time She “Peed” Onstage: “It Was In ‘Wicked’”				

					'Andor' Season 2 Episode 6 Recap: Sex, Death, and Star Wars				

					Diego Luna Achieves Peak Hottness As Undercover Space Spy Hot Varian Skye  in ‘Andor’ 				

					'Andor' Season 2 Episode 5 Recap: Gimme Fuel, Gimme Fire				

					'Andor' Marries Star Wars With Shakespeare With Forest Whitaker’s Incendiary Ode to Rhydonium: "Revolution is Not For the Sane!"				

					'MobLand' Episode 5 Recap: Funeral Party				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Havoc’ on Netflix, Where Tom Hardy And Timothy Olyphant Are Among Those Shooting At Each Other 				

					'MobLand' Episode 4 Recap: Suspicious Minds				

					'MobLand' Episode 3 Recap: Human Sacrifice				

					'The Last Of Us': Why Did Ellie Leave Coffee Beans On Joel's Grave? The Significance, Explained 				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'The Eternaut' On Netflix, Where Survivors Band Together When A Toxic Snow Falls On Buenos Aires				

					'The Last of Us' Star Gabriel Luna Explains Why Tommy Isn't There For Joel's Death on the HBO Show: "I Always Thought That Was a Bit Weird"				

					'The Last of Us' Season 2 Episode 3 Recap: Stuck in the Joel Hole				

					Kerry Washington Censored On 'The View' While Gloating About Telling Method Man To "F Off" In 'Shadow Force'				

					Alyssa Farah Griffin Opens Up About "Stressful" Fertility Journey On 'The View'				

					'The View's Whoopi Goldberg Compares Jeremy Renner's Near Death Experience To 'Ghost': "It's Not Just A Movie"				

					Whoopi Goldberg Thinks Trump Is "Getting Even" With America For Not Supporting Him Through His Tariffs And Controversial Policies: "He's Angry At This Country"				

					An Ode to Judy Gemstone, TV's Poet Laureate of Nonsense				

					Walton Goggins Shares The Magic Of Baby Billy Freeman Belting Out "Turn The Other Cheek" In Behind The Scenes Instagram 				

					Walton Goggins Says He's Struggling To Say Goodbye To 'The Righteous Gemstones': "I Am Mourning The Fact That I Don't Get To Play Baby Billy Anymore"				

					Walton Goggins On Getting To Pull Off Some Of Television's Most Absurd Lines In 'The Righteous Gemstones': "Danny McBride Spins Gold"				
Patrick Mahomes may have been crowned MVP, but there’s one celeb who certainly made an impact at this year’s Super Bowl: Taylor Swift.
All eyes were on the pop star during the big game as she cheered on her new boyfriend Travis Kelce, tight end of the Kansas City Chiefs, as he won the third Super Bowl of his NFL career. But she may have more of an impact on a game than expected. 
A new survey from consumer research firm Numerator found that 20% of viewers who tuned in to the 2024 Super Bowl were rooting for the Chiefs because of Kelce and Swift’s relationship, per Variety.
The Chiefs generally had the 49ers beat in the survey, with 48% of viewers saying they cheered for the Kansas City team, while only 37% cheered for the 49ers. Thirteen percent of viewers claimed they cheered for neither team.  
Though the ratings have not been announced for Sunday’s game, it is already expected to beat last year’s record of 115 million viewers – and Swift may be partially to thank for that. 
Another recent survey from Numerator found that 20% of Gen Z and Millennial consumers said that they were more likely to watch if Swift attended the game. 
In just one season, Swift has become a staple at Chiefs games. She attended her first NFL game to support Kelce back in September, sparking an immediate spike in interest for the player and his team. According to CBS News, sales for his jersey shot up 400%, and StubHub reported that they saw triple the interest in ticket sales for Chiefs home games. 
But Numerator’s post-Super Bowl survey found that the pop star’s presence at the games remains a divisive topic for NFL fans. 
When asked if they think “Taylor Swift is a distraction for the NFL,” 34% of viewers said they “somewhat” or “completely” agree, while 34% “somewhat” or “completely” disagree. Thirty-two percent said they did not agree or disagree.  
This has been a successful season overall for the NFL, as they saw record ratings on television and streaming in their 2023 season, marking the largest viewership they’ve had since 2015, per Nielsen. 
Nielsen is expected to release the ratings for this year’s Super Bowl Monday afternoon, according to The Wall Street Journal. 

This story has been shared 3,635 times.
3,635


This story has been shared 1,968 times.
1,968


This story has been shared 1,256 times.
1,256


This story has been shared 638 times.
638


This story has been shared 592 times.
592


This story has been shared 533 times.
533


This story has been shared 516 times.
516


This story has been shared 466 times.
466


This story has been shared 398 times.
398


This story has been shared 380 times.
380


This story has been shared 341 times.
341


This story has been shared 214 times.
214


This story has been shared 199 times.
199


This story has been shared 180 times.
180


This story has been shared 173 times.
173