Manage your account
An astounding number of adorable family photos are taken each year at the Super Bowl. Plus there are the ones of the players’ kids doing their thing solo. (We’re looking at you, young Christian McCaffrey!) And so it’s no surprise that the press got some incredible shots of the “First Family of Football” after Patrick Mahomes led the Kansas City Chiefs to victory over the San Francisco 49ers. And there was one photo of Patrick and his 2-year-old daughter Sterling Mahomes that topped all the other photos from the Super Bowl.
It topped all the pre-game photos.
More from SheKnows
This Brittany Mahomes-Loved Brand Has a $26 Brightening Cream That Shoppers Call 'Literally the Best Moisturizer Ever'
All the action shots.
And all the post-game celebration pictures.
(OK, Travis Kelce and Taylor Swift kissing aside! How can anything compete with that?!)
Patrick shared a carousel of three photos today, and the opening one of him and Sterling is sheer perfection. It’s a candid shot of the famed quarterback holding his daughter on the field after he won his third Super Bowl ring. The two look up in the air, confetti raining down on them, and have the biggest smiles on their faces. While they were surrounded by chaos, the two had a magical father-daughter moment. (See the enchanting photo HERE.)
“This pic is priceless i love it so much ❤️,” Patrick’s mom Randi Mahomes commented.
In the next photo, Patrick carries Sterling in one arm and his 1-year-old son Bronze in the other. Both are distracted by the crowds and we’re — as usual — distracted by their enviable curls. (Psst! They get a little help from this leave-in conditioner.)
Bronze made headlines this year when he adorably dozed off before kickoff! But don’t worry, he rallied for the post-game party on the field in Las Vegas. And yes, both kids are wearing adorable personalized Chiefs outfits. Would you expect anything else? Sterling wore a denim dress with Chiefs-themed patches, the number 15 (for her dad), and “Mahomes” written across the tush. Bronze wore black sweatpants with “Mahomes” written down the leg and crewneck sweatshirt with a 15 on the front. How could he not fall asleep in a cozy outfit like that?!
“Family❤️,” the quarterback captioned his post.
The final photo in Patrick’s carousel is the one shown above of him and Brittany kissing the coveted Lombardi Trophy. These high school sweethearts have done the dang thing “Three Times.” And if Patrick’s post-game interview is to be believed, he’s just getting started.
These celebrity moms all appeared in the ‘Sports Illustrated Swimsuit’ Issue after welcoming babies.
Best of SheKnows
9 Times Taylor Swift Was In Her 'Auntie Era' With Her Friends' Kids & Siblings
These Celebrities Refuse to Show Their Kids' Faces on Social Media
Jake McLaughlin & All the Other Celebrity Pregnancy Announcements of 2024
Sign up for SheKnows' Newsletter. For the latest news, follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram.