By Ted Johnson 
Political Editor

	Now that the Super Bowl is over, the next speculation in Taylor Swift mania is whether she will be going to the White House for the traditional winning team celebration for the Kansas City Chiefs.

	White House Press Secretary Karine Jean-Pierre was asked whether Swift would be invited to the event, which is still unscheduled.

	“That is going to be up to the Chiefs and obviously their decision to figure out who is going to come with them when they come,” Jean-Pierre said. “As you know, it is a White House tradition. I can’t speak to attendance and who will be here. But look forward to having them here and obviously congratulate them on a great win.” 

	










	Asked whether Super Bowl teammates gets a +1 when they are invited to the White House, Jean-Pierre laughed and said, “That’s a good question. I can’t answer that right now.”




			Watch on Deadline		






	Jean-Pierre opened the press briefing today by congratulating the Chiefs and “all the Swifties out there.” That was a reference to Swift’s presence at the game to support boyfriend Travis Kelce.

	Swift endorsed Biden in 2020 but has not said whether she will do so this cycle. 

RELATED: Taylor Swift Video Arriving At Super Bowl LVIII With Ice Spice & Blake Lively

	Biden made light of the pre-Super Bowl conspiracy theories, including one that involved rigging the game so that Swift would be at the event and ultimately endorse the president’s re-election. “Just like we drew it up,” read a message on Biden’s personal account, with a picture of so-called “Dark Brandon,” the caricature the president’s team has embraced as he scored legislative victories amid attacks from the right. 

RELATED: Super Bowl LVIII Photos: Taylor Swift, Travis Kelce, Patrick Mahomes, Brock Purdy Arrive At Allegiant Stadium

	Biden’s re-election campaign also launched an account on TikTok, even though it’s restricted from use by federal agency owned devices over security concerns. Jean-Pierre said that she had to be careful about commenting on TikTok because it is the subject of an ongoing review of parent ByteDance by the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States. 
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.