14 February 2024

Multiple people were shot at the Kansas City Chiefs Super Bowl victory parade – just after Taylor Swift’s boyfriend Travis Kelce took the stage.
Multiple people were shot at the Kansas City Chiefs Super Bowl victory parade – just after Taylor Swift’s boyfriend Travis Kelce took the stage

The 34-year-old tight end and his quarterback teammate Patrick Mahomes, 28, stepped up on Wednesday (14.02.24) to mark their team’s victory over the San Francisco49ers in Las Vegas on Sunday (11.02.24) when the chaos erupted.

According to several different reports, multiple people were shot at Union Square in Missouri.

The number of injured is unclear, but a fire department official told reporters that eight to 10 people had been hit.

Thousands of fans and panicked parents rushed to “get their kids out” of the area, according to local news outlet KSHB 41.

Kansas City Police confirmed on X “shots have been fired” and asked guests to “please leave the area”.

The force added: “Officers are working to clear Union Station itself. We will release everyone inside the building once that is complete,” they added in a separate tweet.

“We are still trying to determine the number of shooting victims.”

Police also said they have taken “two armed people into custody for more investigation” but more information about the suspects have not yet been released.

It’s unclear what set off the shooting, and it is believed Travis – who has been dating Taylor Swift, 34, since last year – and his teammates are uninjured.

Sports reporter Andrew Stockey said on X: “Spoke with family for Chiefs receiver and South Fayette grad Justin Watson. 

“He tells his family the players and the players’ families who were inside Union Station are safe. #ChiefsParade.”

‘Bad Blood’ singer Taylor missed the victory parade after watching the Super Bowl in Vegas as she has already left the US to travel to Australia to continue her ‘Eras Tour’.
© 2025 FemaleFirst Ltd. all rights reserved.
duration : 0.07553s v4.2 - 2025-05-03 16:22:42