"She is on the approach of shocking the world," the "Texas Hold 'Em" producer said.

							By 

	Preezy Brown

Hip-Hop Reporter

	Two of music’s biggest stars may be joining forces for a generational collaboration, as rumors of Beyoncé and Taylor Swift potentially releasing a song together have begun to emerge. 

	According to producer Killah B, the creator of the track for Beyoncé‘s new country single “Texas Hold ‘Em,” the songstress plans to “shock the world” with her forthcoming Act II album. 

	During an interview with TMZ, Killah B stopped short of confirming a Beyoncé and Taylor Swift collab when asked of the potential for a duet between the two. “Y’all guys are gonna have to wait and see,” the Grammy nominated boardsman coyly told the outlet.

	










	When TMZ pressed Killah B to hint at the possibility of the two stars teaming up for a song, the producer avoided taking the bait, instead allowing fans to speculate on the validity of the rumors. “Let’s just say that she is on the approach of shocking the world,” he told the outlet. “I’ll let your imagination decide what that means.”
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Beyoncé Celebrates Tina Knowles' No. 1 Memoir At 'Cowboy Carter' Second LA Show		
			







	The hitmaker also refused to give any concrete information regarding the number of songs that would be on the album, reasoning that he doesn’t want to “ruin” any surprises intended for Beyoncé’s fans to personally experience. “Honestly, because the album hasn’t dropped yet, I can’t say,” Killah B added.

	Beyoncé and Taylor Swift’s careers have been intertwined dating back to the late ’00s. In 2009, Kanye West infamously interrupted Swift’s MTV VMAs acceptance speech to argue that Beyoncé deserved the Best Video by a Female Artist award over her.

	The two megastars have also been pitted against each other for Grammy Awards, with Swift winning multiple Album of the Year awards over Beyoncé. However, the two are reportedly “good friends,” with each having spoken fondly of the other on numerous occasions. 

	Watch Killah B speak with TMZ about a potential Beyoncé’ and Taylor Swift collaboration below.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.