Travis Kelce just made a very generous donation to two sisters who were injured in the deadly Kansas City Chiefs parade shooting earlier this week, Page Six has exclusively learned.
The tight end, 34, gifted $100,000 on Friday to the Reyes family, as they seek funds for the recovery of their two daughters, who were “celebrating with many members of their family when they were senselessly injured.”
“Travis has a really big soft spot for kids and wanted to make sure their families were taken care of and were supported with whatever they needed,” a source exclusively tells Page Six. 
The NFL superstar often works with children via his own charity, 87 and Running, which partners with the local youth organization Operation Breakthrough on his Ignition Lab and other youth STEM-focused initiatives. Kelce made the donation to the Reyes family via his charitable organization.
The Reyes family’s GoFundMe states that their two girls, whose names have not been disclosed due to patient confidentiality reasons, are both still recovering from being shot in their legs. They are 8 and 10 years old.
“This fund will help provide vital financial support for their physical and mental recovery, any leftover funds will be saved for their college funds,” the webpage also states.
“All fund[s] are being deposited into a bank account established just for the girls. Any amount is appreciated.”
The Reyes family set a goal of $100,000, meaning that with Kelce’s financial aid, they have already met the amount requested and are set to surpass it.
The little girls also received a special treat when Chiefs quarterback Patrick Mahomes and his wife, Brittany Mahomes, visited them at Children’s Mercy hospital in Missouri on Thursday.
One of the young victims was seen in the photo with the pro athlete, 28, beaming with a big smile on her face, as she laid in a hospital bed with a pink cast over her injured leg. Her sister appeared equally as thrilled to meet the Mahomes couple.
Patrick then announced via X Friday that the Chiefs launched the emergency response fund #KCStrong this week to support “victims and their families, violence prevention and mental health services, and first responders.”
Kelce’s girlfriend, pop superstar Taylor Swift, also got involved in the philanthropic efforts by donating $100,000 to the family of the woman who was killed in the parade shooting.
“Sending my deepest sympathies and condolences in the wake of your devastating loss. With love, Taylor Swift,” the Grammy winner, also 34, wrote to Lisa Lopez-Galvan’s relatives.
The shooting took place on Wednesday just moments after Kelce, Patrick and the rest of the Chiefs took the stage to celebrate their Super Bowl 2024 win against the San Francisco 49ers earlier in the week.
Gunfire broke out at Union Station in Kansas City, Mo., claiming the life of Lopez-Galvan and leaving 22 others, including the Reyes girls, severely injured and needing urgent medical attention.
Police and a spokesperson for the Chiefs let the public know shortly after that all of the NFL stars and their family members were safe.
A rep for the Chiefs also said at the time, “We are truly saddened by the senseless act of violence that occurred outside of Union Station at the conclusion of today’s parade and rally.”
Kelce issued his own statement Wednesday evening, saying via X, “I am heartbroken over the tragedy that took place today.
“My heart is with all who came out to celebrate with us and have been affected. KC, you mean the world to me.”
Advertisement