ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre, Senior Contributor. Forbes contributors publish independent expert analyses and insights. Hugh McIntyre covers music, with a focus on the global charts.
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
MILEYS NEW YEARS EVE PARTY — Pictured: Miley Cyrus — (Photo by: Vijat Mohindra/NBC via Getty Images)
Women are responsible for most of the biggest singles in the U.K. of last year. Female artists fronted six of the top 10 most-consumed titles from 2023 in the nation, and women also had a hand in two others. Men were there, too, but they simply didn’t create the music the masses in the country wanted to hear over and over the same way their female counterparts did.
Miley Cyrus claims the top song in the U.K. in 2023 with “Flowers.” The pop star’s comeback single turned out to be the biggest of her career in many respects, and it was the first major smash of the new year. “Flowers” tied for the longest stay at No. 1 on the U.K. singles chart this past year, as the cut held on for 10 weeks.
“Flowers” was a massive win for Cyrus, no matter how fans decided to consume the cut. The lead single from her album Endless Summer Vacation ranks as the top-streamed track of the year in the U.K. It was also the bestselling title, as it sold 91,000 pure copies. Combining all forms of listening, “Flowers” managed 1.7 million equivalent units, according to the Official Charts Company.
Coming in second place is “Sprinter” by hip-hop musicians Dave and Central Cee. The U.K.-specific chart hit also spent 10 weeks at No. 1 in 2023, though it couldn’t catch up to “Flowers.” The cut went on to claim the record as the longest-running No. 1 rap hit in the country’s history.
Female artists Raye and 070 Shake collaborated on the unlikely hit “Escapism,” which became the biggest win thus far for either act. It was something of a surprise, as Raye had recently left her label, and 070 Shake wasn’t a star name. That No. 1 blockbuster–the first of 2023–shifted 1.2 million equivalent units.
Taylor Swift lands in fourth place, but amazingly, not with one of her several 2023 hits. Instead, her 2022 single “Anti-Hero” managed to continue to sell and stream so well throughout this past year that it beat out many other newer tracks. Swift wasn’t far away from third place, as the Midnights smash moved 1.1 million equivalent copies.
Rounding out the top five on the list of the top tunes in the U.K. is “Miracle” by Calvin Harris and Ellie Goulding. Their third hit together, “Miracle” went right to No. 1, bringing both musicians back to the summit. The rest of the top 10 includes smashes from the likes of Rema, SZA, PinkPantheress, Harry Styles, and Libianca.
A few tracks succeeded thanks to inventive collaborations and remixes, but due to U.K. chart rules, those additional artists aren’t included. Names like Selena Gomez (on Rema’s “Calm Down”) and Ice Spice (on PinkPantheress’s “Boy’s a Liar”) should be featured, but oddly, they are not.
These were the 10 biggest songs in the U.K. in 2023.
Miley Cyrus - “Flowers”
Dave & Central Cee - “Sprinter”
Raye - “Escapism (ft. 070 Shake)”
Taylor Swift - “Anti-Hero”
Calvin Harris - “Miracle (ft. Ellie Goulding)”
Rema - “Calm Down”
SZA - “Kill Bill”
Pinkpantheress - “Boy’s A Liar”
Harry Styles - “As It Was”
Libianca - “People”