By MARGARET ABRAMS FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  21:20, 16 February 2024   |  Updated:  21:46, 16 February 2024   
 225
View  comments
This year's Super Bowl was a feast for the eyes - with Travis Kelce and the Chiefs battling his girlfriend Taylor Swift for center stage... but as it turns out there was another glittering star in attendance in the form of Blake Lively's astonishing bling.  
Fashion blogger Nesa, based in Germany, shared an Instagram video with her 93,700 followers to highlight Blake's spectacular array of jewelry. 
Nesa spotlighted the Tiffany & Co. accessories the Gossip Girl alum, 36, rocked at the nail-biting football game in Las Vegas on Sunday, and followers were shocked by how much it added up to. 
According to one math-inclined commenter on the video, the lavish gems added up to an eye-watering total of $496,075. 
Fashion blogger Nesa, based in Germany, shared an Instagram video with her 93,700 followers to highlight Blake Lively's spectacular array of jewelry 
Nesa spotlighted the Tiffany & Co. accessories the actress, 36, rocked at the nail-biting football game in Las Vegas on Sunday, and viewers were shocked by how much it added up to 
Blake was spotted in friend Taylor Swift's celebrity-packed suite wearing a red Adidas track suit with a white tank top from Aritzia that cost $58
The sparkling Tiffany Lock Bangle in White Gold with Full Pavé Diamonds costs $42,000
The Tiffany Knot Double Row Bracelet in White Gold with Diamonds retails for a mindboggling $54,000
 TOTAL: $496,075
Blake was spotted in friend Taylor Swift's celebrity-packed suite wearing a red Adidas track suit with a white tank top from Aritzia that cost $58, making it one of the least expensive items on her body. 
While Taylor was wearing a WAG-worthy outfit that cost $62,540 all together, Blake's bling put hers to shame, coming in hot at half a million dollars. 
The A-list actress paired her seemingly casual outfit with layers upon layers of diamonds. 
Blake showed off a $18,500 graduated link hardwear necklace along with a $78,000 diamond pavé necklace and a chunky $62,000 link necklace in yellow gold. 
She continued to dazzle when it came to her earrings, pairing platinum Solitaire diamonds at a cool $1,650. 
Blake also got tongues wagging with her gold Elsa Peretti snake earrings  which cost $4,000.
Fans on X, previously known as Twitter, thought the snakes could hint at the forthcoming re-recording of bestie Swift's album Reputation, which fans are waiting patiently for as she hasn't announced the re-release date yet. 
'Did anyone else catch Blake Lively wearing Elsa Peretti Tiffany snake earrings or just me? Rep egg?' one eagle-eyed Swiftie wondered.  
Unsurprisingly, the Simple Favor star's arm party was equally out of control - and she proved that mixing metals is always on trend. 
Blake paired a link bracelet ($12,500) with a diamond variation ($26,000), as well as the Elsa Peretti swirl cuff ($12,300), the clunky Elsa Peretti doughnut bangle ($29,000), the Elsa Peretti doughnut bangle in sterling silver ($1,825), the diamond-encrusted lock bangle in yellow gold ($40,000) and white gold ($16,000). 
The mom glittered in a diamond double row bracelet in white gold ($54,000) but also managed to fit the T square bangle ($7,800), a hinged bangle ($7,500) and two diamond versions of the same designs, respectively worth $27,000 and $39,000, on her wrists. 
She added another diamond style for $42,000, and white gold option for $17k to complete the bling. 
The Simple Favor star dazzled in this gold  $78,000 diamond pavé necklace 
Blake stunned in layers of jewelry from Tiffany & Co. including multiple hardware link bracelets and necklaces with and without diamonds
Fans on X, previously known as Twitter, thought the serpentine earrings could hint at the forthcoming re-recording of bestie Swift's album Reputation
Blake's envy-inducing arm party was equally out of control with chunky gold bangle bracelets and silvers for a mixed metal moment
Commenters were shocked by the high price of Blake's incredible Tiffany & Co. jewelry 
Commenters experienced major shock when faced with the hefty price tags on all Blake's jewelry.  
'Wild how her one bracelet can pay of my whole uni tuition,' one person pointed out. 
'All that money just to look like a single mom from Staten Island,' another commenter quipped. 
'I didn't like how much she wears - in my opinion too much looks tacky… no matter how expensive it all is,' another snarky commenter complained. 
Many people mused that the jewels were actually borrowed or gifted from the luxury jeweler. 
'Hasn't she done adds for Tiffany in the past? I wouldn't be surprised if she gets gifted a fair amount of their jewelry to wear to major events,' one person said. 
It's entirely possible - and in fact, more likely - that Blake would be showing off her bling from the brand on football's biggest stage, as opposed to dropping half a mil herself on gemstones.  

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group