From glittering gowns to fearless street styles, Taylor Swift has conquered both the stage and the red carpet with her iconic fashion choices. 
Join us on a whirlwind journey through her wardrobe as we revisit her most unforgettable fashion moments, proving that, just like she told us, Taylor never goes out of style!
The theme for the 2013 Met Gala was "PUNK: Chaos to Couture," and Taylor stepped outside her comfort zone for her red carpet appearance! She wore a J Mendel dress that had graphic gold detailing along the bodice and shoulders and mesh cut-outs!
She accessorized the look with black rings, nail polish, and heavy eyeliner. It was an unexpected look from America's sweetheart! The dress cost $8,990, according to The Cut.
Talk about enchanting! Taylor wore this Nicole + Felicia gown during her Eras tour and looked like a fairy princess right out of a storybook!
"For this gown, we used over 200,000 sequins and crystals of various shapes and sizes. The mixture of gold, champagne, silver, and bronze creates an iridescent and multidimensional shine," the designers said of the look. The gown cost around $21,390.
She's a mirrorball! Taylor shimmered her way down the 2018 AMA's red carpet in this Balmain mirrored mini dress that must have cost a pretty penny!
The matching Kim Mirror Boots went for $3,350, and she accessorized with Ofira diamond rectangle hoop earrings worth $18,000 and a Lorraine Schwartz snake diamond ring valued at $16,857. Nothing to sneeze at!
Taylor was in her full floral fantasy in this gorgeous Oscar De La Renta gown with baby pink heels at the 2021 Grammy Awards. The dress is valued at almost $9,000, making it one of the most expensive outfits Taylor has worn on the red carpet.
She also topped the look off with a custom-made matching floral mask!
Taylor absolutely rocked this Roberto Cavalli catsuit that had, in the designer's words, a "snake wrapped around her body in ruby red, black and diamond beads" to play into the singer's Reputation era snake imagery.
The one-leg cut-out is a bold look that pays off in this show-stopping number you can't help but stare at! The one-legged jumpsuit cost $1,700.
Taylor was feline fine at the premiere of Cats in this Oscar De La Renta $18,000 dress, which even had pockets! She complimented this look by wearing her hair up and accenting it with her classic red lip.
She probably had her cat eye sharp enough to kill a man, too!
Best believe Taylor was bejeweled in this custom Oscar De La Renta suit, in a stunning (and appropriate) midnight blue color, with intricate beading, and matching Christian Louboutin sparkling boots that came up just below her knee.
This showgirl-reminiscent style was the perfect fit for her tour, and she looked absolutely stunning. The outfit cost over $2,800.
The theme for the 2016 Met Gala was "Manus x Machina," which Taylor definitely slayed in this custom metallic Louis Vuitton design, platinum hair, lace-up knee-high sandals, and almost-black lipstick, giving her both a futuristic and cybernetic style.
While this platinum bob might have divided fans, you can't argue that it doesn't totally complete this look! The dress cost $4,345.
You can never have too many midnight blue bedazzled custom bodysuits! This one, designed by Zuhair Murad, was a "crystal embellished bodysuit, overflowing with richly beaded fringes and a matching garter."
She rocked it on stage while debuting her remix of Karma with Ice Spice, so it's not only a fashionable look but a historic one too! The outfit cost over $9,500.
Taylor had us all looking for secret clues hidden in the letters of this Mary Katrantzou leotard worth $8,615, but it turned out the letters were just a random jumble. She paired this romper with Elie Saab sandals in a deep wine color.
Taylor looked incredible and probably had a good laugh at everyone trying to figure out if there was a code hidden in her outfit!
Taylor Swift showed up to premiere her documentary Miss Americana at Sundance in 2020, and she looked absolutely incredible in this Carmen March-designed look! The outfit included high-waisted pants, a sleeveless bustier, stiletto boots, and a gorgeous knee-length peacoat valued at somewhere around $4,600.
The houndstooth pattern was totally eye-catching, and it was even on the boots!
This gown was absolutely jaw-dropping when Taylor rocked it on her Eras tour. The designer described it on Instagram as a "Haute Couture gown embellished with flower appliqués." 
Taylor looked like she was stepping right out of Encanto with this absolutely magical and delicate dress, and she didn't even look like she was worried about losing a few petals! The beautiful gown cost $13,000.
Taylor looked ethereal and absolutely beautiful in this flowing lilac Alberta Ferretti gown on her Eras tour.
There's something about this look that makes her look like a fairy in a fairytale, which perfectly fits into her Folklore and Evermore aesthetics from this tour. You have to admire her commitment to the look! The dress cost a whopping $2,750.
Taylor showed up to the Billboard Women in Music Awards ceremony in 2019 wearing this absolutely gorgeous navy blue jumpsuit with gold metal accents worth somewhere around $3,000, pairing it with gold metallic sandals that cost $840. 
The look was simple and clean but absolutely gorgeous, and nobody rocks gold quite like Tay does!
At the American Music Awards in 2019, where Taylor would be accepting the Artist of the Decade award, she stunned on the red carpet in this green custom design by Julien Macdonald with black thigh-high boots.
With this custom dress valued at $30,000, along with two 18-karat rings worth $4200 and 18-karat diamond hoop earrings worth $15,000, this outfit was definitely pricey — but worth every penny!
Taylor rocked this Versace blazer with matching Christian Louboutin knee-high boots for her performance of her hit song "The Man" during her Eras tour — note how she made sure to show off the red bottoms of these gorgeous boots.
We think she's a fearless leader and an alpha type in this outfit, just as she is! The look cost $15,000.
For the 2019 Billboard Music Awards, Taylor looked absolutely gorgeous in this lavender Raisa & Vanessa minidress, paired with matching Casadei heels and Stefere and Graziela Gems jewelry. The delicate ruffled look with the lace detailing was super sweet, and we couldn't get over the gorgeous earrings! 
She definitely had us in a lavender haze with this look. The dress cost $2,744 while the does were $820. The gorgeous ear cuff was reported to cost a whopping $9,000!
For the Time 100 Gala in 2019, Taylor embodied a Greek goddess in this pink and yellow J. Mendel off-the-shoulder, flowing gown with a gold, laurel-like headpiece.
For some fans, this delicate princess look was reminiscent of her outfit in the "Love Story" music video, and we can see it. The dress cost $6,500.
Taylor stole the show on her Eras tour with this flapper-esque fringed gold and white Roberto Cavalli dress, which the designer described on Instagram as having "hand applied degradé Swarovski crystals." 
He added that in this dress, Taylor "shines bright like the star she is," and we couldn't agree more! The dress cost $12,500.
Taylor looked gorgeous in this Roberto Cavalli crop top dress in midnight blue, accessorized with diamond earrings featuring purple gemstones in the center. The dress was bedazzled with various jewels to make it resemble a night sky, which was fitting for Taylor's most recent album at the time, Midnights.
The purple in her earrings may have been a nod to her recently released song "Lavender Haze." The Lorraine Schwartz jewelry also cost a reported $3 million!
Taylor looked both super stylish AND super comfortable in this Oscar De La Renta crystal t-shirt, paired with a faux-fur coat by the same designer on top! Both are in a gorgeous lilac color and look super soft and cozy.
I could totally see Taylor wearing this to one of the squad's sleepovers, for sure!
Taylor continued the old Hollywood style at the 2014 Met Gala in this gorgeous pink Oscar De le Renta gown.
"I've never seen more fashionable people lose their composure quicker than when a cat walks up to a satin, custom Oscar de la Renta gown and then decides to make a home inside of it," Taylor joked of how much her cats approved of the look.
Taylor looked beautiful in blue in this custom Elie Saab halter dress in a gradient turquoise, which she paired with blue earrings, blue eyeshadow, and bright fuschia shoes. 
Taylor found the perfect way to showcase her legs while still wearing a floor-length dress, which is no easy feat to accomplish!
At the 2019 VMAs, Taylor rocked this blazer dress which was custom designed by Versace, along with dramatic and daring thigh-high Christian Louboutin boots. The look was bright and colorful and a little bit reminiscent of the circus ringleader outfit Taylor broke out on tour!
It's always hard to take your eyes off her, but that was extra true in this look!
Taylor made the red carpet her own in this pink gown by Versace with gorgeous feather and floral detailing along the body at the 2018 Billboard Music Awards. She paired the dress with Hueb earrings and a metallic shoe from Casadei.
She swapped her classic red lip for a more purple/plum color, which looked absolutely stunning.
Taylor wore this absolutely gorgeous eggplant-colored Donna Karan gown to the 2013 Golden Globes and looked beautiful and professional! With her hair in a low bun, a simple makeup look, and matching eggplant-colored earrings, Taylor kept it simple but stunning for this mature outfit.
And you can never go wrong with a mermaid cut!
Taylor was definitely stepping out of her usual style with this rich purple velvet suit by Etro, which she paired with a closed black boot (it was New York in the fall, after all), artfully arranged face-framing strands of hair, and a nude lip to complete the look.
She knew all too well that she looked incredible!
For the Vanity Fair 2016 Oscars afterparty, Taylor stunned fans in this gorgeous Alexandre Vauthier Haute Couture dress, which was an archived piece that had never been produced. The plunging neckline and high slit on the side were super daring, and Taylor pulled it off!
She accessorized the dress with gold metallic shoes, a clutch, and a gorgeous gold metallic choker that gave this look a sleek style, along with the blunt bob.
The next year's Golden Globes marked another gorgeous fashion moment for Taylor, who embodied old Hollywood glamor in this strapless, two-toned dress by Carolina Herrera.
The soft curls paired with the cat-eye eyeliner and signature bold red lip made Taylor look every bit like a movie star from the Golden Age!
For the 2016 Grammys, Taylor wore this gorgeous two-toned Versace outfit that was a neon orange crop top with a satin fuschia pink skirt. She kept it simple on the accessories with just a gold choker to let the bold and bright outfit speak for itself.
This look really made it clear that there's no color she doesn't look great in!