Now 
50
 Sun 
62
 Mon 
66
by JACKSON WALKER | The National Desk
TOPICS:
KANSAS CITY, Mo. (TND) — Prosecutors in Kansas City, Missouri have reportedly filed charges against two juvenile suspects in Wednesday's Union Station shooting.
The shooting, which took place at the conclusion of the Kansas City Chiefs' Super Bowl victory parade, injured 22 and killed local radio DJ Lisa Lopez-Galvan. Police believe the event stemmed from a dispute and was not an act of terrorism.
The charges were announced Friday and are considered to be gun-related and related to resisting arrest, according to FOX4 Kansas City. The unidentified individuals reportedly could be considered adults once certified by the juvenile court.
"We regularly work with  juvenile court officers on cases and we have worked with them on this case as well," Prosecutor Jean Peters Baker said in a statement Friday. "Though we do not oversee or supervise the juvenile officers, we work closely with them."
While adult suspects in Missouri must be released if prosecutors fail to issue charges 24 hours after their arrest, juvenile cases allow suspects to be held longer. To be tried as adults, juveniles must be certified by a family court judge before the case can proceed in regular court.
READ MORE |Chiefs parade shooting occurred during live TV broadcast: 'Something's going on'
A spokesperson for the Jackson County Prosecutor’s Office did not respond to repeated requests for comment from The National Desk Friday.
Taylor Swift, who is dating Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce and attended several games this season,donated $100,000 to a GoFundMe page for Lopez-Galvan.
“Sending my deepest sympathies and condolences in the wake of your devastating loss,” the singer wrote. “With love, Taylor Swift.”
The Chiefs noted via X, the platform formerly known as Twitter, they are "truly saddened by the senseless act of violence" and added that the team is thinking about those affected.
Follow Jackson Walker on X at @_jlwalker_ for the latest trending national news. Have a news tip? Send it to jacwalker@sbgtv.com.