By MILLY VEITCH FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  09:39, 7 January 2024   |  Updated:  10:00, 7 January 2024   
 64
View  comments
Greta Gerwig's Barbie won big on Saturday night at Hollywood Creative Alliance's 7th Annual Astra Film Awards in Los Angeles.
The blockbuster film scooped eight gongs on the night, including the top prize of Best Picture.
Barbie has set records since its release in theatres, earning more than $1.4 billion dollars, and becoming the most successful film of 2023 and the highest earning movie in Warner Bros history. 
It also scored an 88% critic approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes and is expected to be a major contender during awards season.
The Astra Film Awards saw Greta take to the stage to accept the award for Best Picture, with producer David Heyman, as well as Best Original Screenplay, giving a heartfelt speech to the star-studded crowd.
Greta Gerwig's Barbie won big on Saturday night at Hollywood Creative Alliance's 7th Annual Astra Film Awards in Los Angeles 
The blockbuster film scooped eight gongs on the night, including the top prize of Best Picture
Barbie has set records, earning more than $1.4 billion dollars, and becoming the most successful film of 2023 and is expected to be a major contender during awards season
She lost out on Best Director however, which was picked up by Christopher Nolan for Oppenheimer, while The Colour Purple was awarded with the prize for Best Cast Ensemble. 
However, both film leads won big, with Margot Robbie and Ryan Gosling winning Best Actress and Best Supporting Actor for playing Barbie and Ken respectively.
Margot, 33, tied with Lily Gladstone for her role in Killers of the Flower Moon, for the Best Actress gong.
Going into the ceremony, Barbie notably led the nominations by garnering a total of 15 nods, with rival Oppenheimer receiving 14, as well as Killers Of The Flower Moon and Spider-Man: Across The Spider-Verse each raking in 10. 
The movie has also dominated in the Best Original Song category for several awards, with the soundtrack selling more that one million albums in the US.
It includes tracks from Dua Lipa, Billie Eilish and Lizzo among others and had three songs nominated at the Astra Film Awards.
The winner on the night was ultimately Ryan's I'm Just Ken, from Mark Ronson and Andrew Wyatt, beating out Dua's Dance The Night and Billie's What Was I Made For.
Barbie also picked up the prize for Best Publicity Campaign, after it dominated the world all summer, with the added bonus of Barbieheimer taking over the internet.
The Astra Film Awards saw Greta take to the stage to accept the award for Best Picture, with producer David Heyman, as well as Best Original Screenplay, giving a heartfelt speech to the star-studded crowd
She lost out on Best Director however, which was picked up by Christopher Nolan (pictured right) for Oppenheimer , while The Colour Purple was awarded with the prize for Best Cast Ensemble
However, both film leads won big, with Margot Robbie and Ryan Gosling winning Best Actress and Best Supporting Actor for playing Barbie and Ken respectively (pictured) 
Going into the ceremony, Barbie notably led the nominations by garnering a total of 15 nods, and has also dominated in the Best Original Song category for several awards
The winner on the night was ultimately Ryan's I'm Just Ken, from Mark Ronson and Andrew Wyatt, beating out Dua's Dance The Night and Billie's What Was I Made For 
Barbie also picked up the prize for Best Publicity Campaign, after it dominated the world all summer, with the added bonus of Barbieheimer taking over the internet 
It rounded out its wins of the night with two additional gongs for Best Production Design and and Best Casting. 
Meanwhile, Paul Giamatti scooped Best Actor and Da'Vine Joy Randolph the Best Supporting Actress gong for their roles in The Holdovers.
Best Adapted Screenplay went to Cord Jefferson's American Fiction and Best Comedy Feature was won by Are You There God? It's Me, Margaret.
An Internet favourite, M3GAN, won Best Horror Feature, Celine Song won Best First Feature for her critically acclaimed film Past Lives and John Wick: Chapter 4 got Best Action Feature.
Anatomy of A Fall - which has been garnering lots of awards buzz - won both Best International Feature and Best International Actress for Sandra Hüller. 
Taylor Swift missed out on the trophy for Best Documentary Feature for her Eras Tour film, with the prize going to Still: A Michael J. Fox Movie.
Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse unsurprisingly scored Best Animated Feature, while star Hailee Steinfeld also won Best Voice-Over Performance.
The Hollywood Creative Alliance also bestowed eight Honorary Awards, with Glenn Howerton picking up the Game Changer Award, Jeffrey Wright getting the Acting Achievement Award and the Excellence in Artistry Award going to Willem Dafoe.
Meanwhile, Paul Giamatti scooped Best Actor and Da'Vine Joy Randolph the Best Supporting Actress gong for their roles in The Holdovers (pictured)
An Internet favourite, M3GAN, won Best Horror Feature, Celine Song won Best First Feature for her critically acclaimed film Past Lives and John Wick: Chapter 4 got Best Action Feature (Jenna Davies and Violet McGraw pictured)
Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse unsurprisingly scored Best Animated Feature, while star Hailee Steinfeld (pictured) also won Best Voice-Over Performance
The Hollywood Creative Alliance also bestowed eight Honorary Awards, with Glenn Howerton picking up the Game Changer Award (pictured)
The Excellence in Artistry Award honour went to acting legend Willem Dafoe (pictured)
Barbie's success at the Astra Film Awards bodes well for its award show hopes, and comes the day before the prestigious Golden Globes.
The film is up for nine awards on Sunday night, including Best Picture in a musical or comedy, as well as acting nods for Margot and Ryan and three of its original songs. 
In a statement, Greta said she 'can't wait to bring the Barbie party to the Globes.' 
The Golden Globes are considered the second most well-regarded and esteemed awards ceremony, only behind the Oscars, and give a good indication of what films and stars will succeed during awards season.
The Academy Awards nominations for 2024 will be announced later this month, with the nomination period running from January 11 to 16 and the final list being revealed on January 23.
Barbie is expected to lead the nominations in the major categories, alongside frontrunners Oppenheimer, Killers of the Flower Moon, The Holdovers, Poor Things and Maestro.
Margot bought the rights to Barbie from toymaker Mattel through her production company LuckyChap, and approached Oscar nominee Greta.
Barbie's success at the Astra Film Awards bodes well for its award show hopes, and comes the day before the prestigious Golden Globes
The film is up for nine awards on Sunday night, including Best Picture in a musical or comedy, as well as acting nods for Margot and Ryan and three of its original songs 
In a statement, Greta said she 'can't wait to bring the Barbie party to the Globes' which are considered the second most well-regarded and esteemed awards ceremony, only behind the Oscars
Greta in turn, teamed up with her partner Noah Baumbach to write the script and then approached Margot about directing the film. 
Greta spoke of the pressure of being a woman delivering her first big budget production.
She admitted: 'It was a risk for the studio to make it and for Mattel to make it. And it’s also, as a "lady director" and a lady thing and it’s a big risk for a lady – in that context. 
'I wanted it to work because I wanted to maybe make it easier for whatever the next thing is.'
 Best Picture
Air (Amazon MGM Studios)
American Fiction (Orion Pictures / Amazon MGM Studios)
Barbie (Warner Bros. Pictures) - Winner
The Color Purple (Warner Bros. Pictures)
The Holdovers (Focus Features)
Killers of the Flower Moon (Apple Original Films)
Maestro (Netflix)
Oppenheimer (Universal Pictures) 
Past Lives (A24)
Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse (Sony Pictures)
Best Actor
Barry Keoghan – Saltburn as Oliver Quick
Bradley Cooper – Maestro as Leonard Bernstein
Cillian Murphy – Oppenheimer as J. Robert Oppenheimer
Colman Domingo – Rustin as Bayard Rustin
Jeffrey Wright – American Fiction as Thelonious 'Monk' Ellison
Paul Giamatti – The Holdovers as Paul Hunham - WINNER
Best Supporting Actor
Charles Melton – May December as Joe Yoo
Colman Domingo – The Color Purple as Albert 'Mister' Johnson
Dominic Sessa – The Holdovers as Angus Tilly
Glenn Howerton – BlackBerry as Jim Balsillie
Robert Downey Jr. – Oppenheimer as Lewis Strauss
Ryan Gosling – Barbie as Ken - WINNER
Best Cast Ensemble
The Color Purple - WINNER
Air
Barbie
Killers of the Flower Moon
Oppenheimer
The Holdovers
Best Original Screenplay
Barbie – Greta Gerwig and Noah Baumbach - WINNER
Air – Alex Convery
Anatomy of a Fall – Justine Triet and Arthur Harari
Past Lives – Celine Song
Saltburn – Emerald Fennell
The Holdovers – David Hemingson
Best Action Feature 
John Wick: Chapter 4 - WINNER
Creed III
Dungeons & Dragons: Honor Among Thieves
Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3
The Killer
Mission: Impossible – Dead Reckoning Part One
Best Comedy Feature 
Are You There God? It's Me, Margaret. - WINNER
BlackBerry
Bottoms
Joy Ride
No Hard Feelings
Theater Camp
Best Horror Feature 
M3GAN - WINNER
Evil Dead Rise
Knock at the Cabin
No One Will Save You
Scream VI
Talk to Me
Best International Feature
Anatomy of a Fall (France) - WINNER
Concrete Utopia (South Korea)
Fallen Leaves (Finland)
Jawan (India)
Perfect Days (Japan)
Radical (Mexico)
Society of the Snow (Spain)
The Taste of Things (France)
The Teachers' Lounge (Germany)
The Zone of Interest (United Kingdom)
Best International Actor
Gael García Bernal – Cassandro as Saúl Armendáriz / Cassandro - WINNER
Christian Friedel – The Zone of Interest as Rudolf Höss
Enzo Vogrincic – Society of the Snow as Numa Turcatti
Eugenio Derbez – Radical as Sergio
Koji Yakusho – Perfect Days as Hirayama
Mads Mikkelsen – The Promised Land as Ludvig Kahlen
Best Short Film
The After - WINNER 
The ABCs of Book Banning
The Last Repair Shop
Once Upon a Studio
Strange Way of Life
The Wonderful Story of Henry Sugar
 Best Director
Christopher Nolan – Oppenheimer - WINNER
Ben Affleck – Air
Bradley Cooper – Maestro
Emerald Fennell – Saltburn
Greta Gerwig – Barbie
Cord Jefferson – American Fiction
Yorgos Lanthimos – Poor Things
Alexander Payne – The Holdovers
Martin Scorsese – Killers of the Flower Moon
Celine Song – Past Lives
Best Actress
Carey Mulligan – Maestro as Felicia Montealegre
Emma Stone – Poor Things as Bella Baxter
Fantasia Barrino – The Color Purple as Celie Harris-Johnson
Greta Lee – Past Lives as Nora Moon
Lily Gladstone – Killers of the Flower Moon as Mollie Burkhart - WINNER
Margot Robbie – Barbie as Barbie - WINNER
Best Supporting Actress
America Ferrera – Barbie as Gloria
Danielle Brooks – The Color Purple as Sofia
Da'Vine Joy Randolph – The Holdovers as Mary Lamb - WINNER
Julianne Moore – May December as Gracie
Rachel McAdams – Are You There God? It's Me, Margaret. as Barbara Simon
Viola Davis – Air as Deloris Jordan
Best Voice-Over Performance 
Hailee Steinfeld – Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse as Gwen Stacy / Spider-Gwen - WINNER
Ariana DeBose – Wish as Asha
Bradley Cooper – Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 as Rocket
Daniel Kaluuya – Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse as Hobie Brown / Spider-Punk
Jack Black – The Super Mario Bros. Movie as Bowser
Shameik Moore – Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse as Miles Morales / Spider-Man
Best Adapted Screenplay 
American Fiction – Cord Jefferson - WINNER
Are You There God? It's Me, Margaret. – Kelly Fremon Craig
Killers of the Flower Moon – Eric Roth and Martin Scorsese
Oppenheimer – Christopher Nolan
Poor Things – Tony McNamara
Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse – Phil Lord, Christopher Miller, and Dave Callaham
Best Animated Feature
Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse - WINNER
The Boy and the Heron
Elemental
Nimona
Suzume
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Mutant Mayhem
Best Documentary Feature
Still: A Michael J. Fox Movie - WINNER
Beyond Utopia
20 Days in Mariupol
American Symphony
Little Richard: I Am Everything
Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour
Best First Feature
Celine Song – Past Lives - WINNER
A. V. Rockwell – A Thousand and One
Adele Lim – Joy Ride
Chloe Domont – Fair Play
Cord Jefferson – American Fiction
Michael B. Jordan – Creed III
Best International Filmmaker
Hayao Miyazaki – The Boy and the Heron - WINNER
J. A. Bayona – Society of the Snow
Jonathan Glazer – The Zone of Interest
Justine Triet – Anatomy of a Fall
Trần Anh Hùng – The Taste of Things
Wim Wenders – Perfect Days
Best International Actress
Sandra Hüller – Anatomy of a Fall as Sandra Voyter - WINNER
Alma Pöysti – Fallen Leaves as Ansa
Juliette Binoche – The Taste of Things as Eugénie
Layla Mohammadi – The Persian Version as Leila
Leonie Benesch – The Teachers' Lounge as Carla Nowak
Roberta Colindrez – Cassandro as Sabrina
 Best Original Song
'I'm Just Ken' from Barbie – Written by Mark Ronson and Andrew Wyatt; Performed by Ryan Gosling - WINNER
'Camp Isn't Home' from Theater Camp – Written by Ben Platt, Noah Galvin, Molly Gordon, Nick Lieberman, and Mark Sonnenblick; Performed by Ben Platt, Molly Gordon, Noah Galvin, Alexander Bello, Bailee Bonick, Donovan Colan, Jack Sobolewski, Kyndra Sanchez, Luke Islam, Madisen Lora, and Quinn Titcomb
'Dance the Night' from Barbie – Written by Mark Ronson, Andrew Wyatt, Dua Lipa, and Caroline Ailin; Performed by Dua Lipa
'Peaches' from The Super Mario Bros. Movie – Written by Jack Black, Aaron Horvath, Michael Jelenic, Eric Osmond, and John Spiker; Performed by Jack Black
'This Wish' from Wish – Written by Julia Michaels, Benjamin Rice, and JP Saxe; Performed by Ariana DeBose
'What Was I Made For?' from Barbie – Written by Billie Eilish and Finneas O'Connell; Performed by Billie Eilish

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group