Partly sunny, warm, and a bit humid through early afternoon, then showers and t-storms becoming more likely in the mid to late afternoon and evening; a few gusty storms or heavy downpours are possible. .
                                
Mostly cloudy with shower and t-storms likely, especially before midnight. 
 Updated: May 3, 2025 @ 10:58 am
KANSAS CITY, Mo. (AP) — Taylor Swift donated $100,000 to the family of Lisa Lopez-Galvan, the woman killed in the shooting at the Kansas City Chiefs' Super Bowl victory parade.
Two $50,000 donations were posted Friday under the singer's name on a GoFundMe page. The Berks County native's representative confirmed the donations to Variety, the trade publication reported, and The Associated Press independently verified the posts.
"Sending my deepest sympathies and condolences in the wake of your devastating loss. With love, Taylor Swift," read the messages accompanying the posts.
Lopez-Galvan, 43, was shot Wednesday as she celebrated the Chiefs' Super Bowl win with her husband, young adult son and hundreds of thousands of other fans at the city's Union Station. Lopez-Galvan hosted "Taste of Tejano" on local radio station KKFI-FM, as Lisa G. The mother of two had deep roots in Kansas City, and was one of the few Latina DJs in the area.
"She was an amazing mother, wife, daughter, sister, aunt, cousin, and friend to so many. We ask that you continue to keep her family in your prayers as we grieve the loss of her life," the GoFundMe description reads. The fundraiser had amassed more than $280,000 as of Friday afternoon.
Twenty-two others, half of whom were under 16, were wounded in the shooting. Investigators are still trying to identify who is responsible, but said a dispute may have led to the shooting. Police have two juveniles in custody and are trying to determine whether others were involved.
Swift, who is dating Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce and attended Sunday's Super Bowl, was not at Wednesday's parade. She's currently performing a series of shows in Melbourne, Australia, as part of her Eras tour.
The Chiefs said all players, coaches, staffers and their families were safe and accounted for after the shooting.
Copyright 2024 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed without permission.
She was an unsigned artist growing up in Berks County who looked for any kind of break by belting out the national anthem.
By LARRY NEUMEISTER - Associated Press
By JILL LAWLESS - Associated Press
By ELÉONORE HUGHES - Associated Press
AP
By ANDREW DeMILLO - Associated Press

                            Get local Breaking News alerts sent directly to your inbox.
                        

Success! An email has been sent to  with a link to confirm list signup.
                                    

Error! There was an error processing your request.
                                    

                            Watch all of WFMZ-TV News and Syndicated Programing 24/7 on your Streaming App enabled TV.
                        
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers:
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.