Is Jacob Elordi's 'On Swift Horses' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Amazon Prime Video?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'Heavenly Ever After' On Netflix, A Charming K-Drama Where An 80-Year-Old Woman Reconnects With Her Suddenly Much Younger Looking Husband In The Afterlife				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'Journey to You' on Hallmark, Where A Workaholic Nurse And A Divorced Single Dad Find Themselves—And Love—On The Camino de Santiago				

					Is 'The Wedding Banquet' 2025 Movie Streaming on Netflix or Amazon Prime?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Exterritorial’ on Netflix, a German Thriller Leaning Hard On Its Crunchy Hand-to-Hand Combat Sequences				

					The Top 10 Movies on Netflix That Are Most Popular Right Now				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Jewel Thief: The Heist Begins’ on Netflix, a Hacky Indian Action Flick That Only Steals Your Precious Time				

					Marvel's 'Thunderbolts*' Review: A Small Superhero Story Offering Huge Hope for the Future of the MCU				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘The Biggest Fan’ on Netflix, a Mexican Comedy About Celeb Worship Starring Kate del Castillo				

					Will There Be a 'Four Seasons' Season 2? Everything We Know About The Netflix Comedy				

					'The Four Seasons' Welcomes Back Alan Alda In A Special Guest Role				

					R.I.P. Ruth Buzzi: 'Laugh-In' And 'Sesame Street' Alum Dead At 88				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Asterix and Obelix: The Big Fight’ on Netflix, a Fresh and Fun Animated Series in a Long-Running French Franchise				

					Is the 'Sneaks' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Disney+?				

					Is the 2025 'King Of Kings' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Disney+?				

					Chaotic 'Minecraft Movie' Screenings Have Led To Police Removals Of Rowdy Audience Members				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Promised Hearts’ on Netflix, A Friends-to-Lovers Indonesian Romance About Childhood Friends				

					'The Smashing Machine' Trailer Drops: Could This Score Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson His First Oscar?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘The Narrow Road To The Deep North’ On Prime Video Where Jacob Elordi Plays A Haunted Prisoner Of War				

					Aimee Carrero On Why Signing Onto 'Your Friends And Neighbors' Was A No-Brainer For Her: "I Love Nothing More Than Subverting A Stereotype"				

					Kerry Washington Censored On 'The View' While Gloating About Telling Method Man To "F Off" In 'Shadow Force'				

					What Time Is Trump on TV Tonight? How To Watch 'President Trump The First 100 Days'				

					Kelly Clarkson Tells Finn Wolfhard All About Her "Horrible" First Kiss: "It Was Like He Was Searching For Something"				

					Idina Menzel Confesses To Andy Cohen On ‘The Kelly Clarkson Show’ About The Time She “Peed” Onstage: “It Was In ‘Wicked’”				

					'Andor' Season 2 Episode 6 Recap: Sex, Death, and Star Wars				

					Diego Luna Achieves Peak Hottness As Undercover Space Spy Hot Varian Skye  in ‘Andor’ 				

					'Andor' Season 2 Episode 5 Recap: Gimme Fuel, Gimme Fire				

					'Andor' Marries Star Wars With Shakespeare With Forest Whitaker’s Incendiary Ode to Rhydonium: "Revolution is Not For the Sane!"				

					'MobLand' Episode 5 Recap: Funeral Party				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Havoc’ on Netflix, Where Tom Hardy And Timothy Olyphant Are Among Those Shooting At Each Other 				

					'MobLand' Episode 4 Recap: Suspicious Minds				

					'MobLand' Episode 3 Recap: Human Sacrifice				

					'The Last Of Us': Why Did Ellie Leave Coffee Beans On Joel's Grave? The Significance, Explained 				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'The Eternaut' On Netflix, Where Survivors Band Together When A Toxic Snow Falls On Buenos Aires				

					'The Last of Us' Star Gabriel Luna Explains Why Tommy Isn't There For Joel's Death on the HBO Show: "I Always Thought That Was a Bit Weird"				

					'The Last of Us' Season 2 Episode 3 Recap: Stuck in the Joel Hole				

					Kerry Washington Censored On 'The View' While Gloating About Telling Method Man To "F Off" In 'Shadow Force'				

					Alyssa Farah Griffin Opens Up About "Stressful" Fertility Journey On 'The View'				

					'The View's Whoopi Goldberg Compares Jeremy Renner's Near Death Experience To 'Ghost': "It's Not Just A Movie"				

					Whoopi Goldberg Thinks Trump Is "Getting Even" With America For Not Supporting Him Through His Tariffs And Controversial Policies: "He's Angry At This Country"				

					An Ode to Judy Gemstone, TV's Poet Laureate of Nonsense				

					Walton Goggins Shares The Magic Of Baby Billy Freeman Belting Out "Turn The Other Cheek" In Behind The Scenes Instagram 				

					Walton Goggins Says He's Struggling To Say Goodbye To 'The Righteous Gemstones': "I Am Mourning The Fact That I Don't Get To Play Baby Billy Anymore"				

					Walton Goggins On Getting To Pull Off Some Of Television's Most Absurd Lines In 'The Righteous Gemstones': "Danny McBride Spins Gold"				
Nothing can mess with your reputation more than cracking a joke targeted at Taylor Swift. Just take it from Emma Stone.
Following her Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy victory at the Golden Globes last month for her starring role in Poor Things, Stone was interviewed backstage alongside the film’s cast and crew in attendance, per Entertainment Tonight. 
In a video of the moment captured by ET, a reporter brought up Swift’s “huge applause” for Stone after she won. When asked to weigh in on the moment, Stone teased, “What an asshole, am I right?”
As she jokingly walked away from the mic and laughter erupted around her, Stone returned and clarified, “No, I’ve known her for almost 20 years, so I was very happy she was there. And she was also nominated tonight, which was wonderful. And, yes, what an asshole.”
While many observers and outlets understood Stone’s comment for what it was — a joke — some didn’t interpret it that way.
“I definitely won’t make a joke like that again,” Stone told Variety in response to the adverse reaction, “because I saw headlines that really pulled it out of context.”
She ultimately pointed at herself and quipped, “What a dope.”
According to Us Weekly, the two met at at the Young Hollywood Awards in 2008 and have been pals ever since. Many fans have made the argument that Stone is the subject of Swift’s “When Emma Falls In Love,” particularly with respect to her relationship with her ex Andrew Garfield, per Billboard.
Stone wasn’t the only one to make headlines for a joke about Swift that night. Golden Globes host Jo Koy incorporated the “Anti-Hero” singer into his material, highlighting her presence at Chiefs games this past NFL season in support of her boyfriend, Travis Kelce.
“As you know, we came on after a football doubleheader,” he said at the time. “The biggest difference between the Golden Globes and the NFL? On the Golden Globes, we have fewer camera shots of Taylor Swift.”
The joke even elicited a cringe and an intense stare from Swift herself.
Koy addressed the quip the next day on GMA3, confessing that it was “a little flat” and “weird,” but that “it was more on the NFL,” per Variety.
“I was trying to make fun of the NFL using cutaways and how the Globes didn’t have to do that,” he shared. “So it was more of a jab toward the NFL. But it just didn’t come out that way.”

This story has been shared 3,756 times.
3,756


This story has been shared 2,097 times.
2,097


This story has been shared 1,275 times.
1,275


This story has been shared 637 times.
637


This story has been shared 605 times.
605


This story has been shared 551 times.
551


This story has been shared 542 times.
542


This story has been shared 467 times.
467


This story has been shared 416 times.
416


This story has been shared 399 times.
399


This story has been shared 358 times.
358


This story has been shared 224 times.
224


This story has been shared 219 times.
219


This story has been shared 198 times.
198


This story has been shared 191 times.
191