Sign up for your daily dose of dope.
Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce's inner circle is laughing off rumors their relationship is fake.
Contact us by Email
Feb. 22 2024, Published 2:30 p.m. ET
Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce's inner circle is laughing off rumors the superstar singer's romance with the Kansas City Chiefs tight end is fake, telling RadarOnline.com they don't need more PR. 
"It's not fake," one insider shared to this outlet, scoffing at the accusations the pair are using each other to amplify their popularity. 
As one source points out, Swift and Kelce don't need more publicity because they are both at the top of their game.
Swift and Kelce are both at the top of their game, which means they don't need more attention, RadarOnline.com is told, with the insider joking that its comical users on social media are doubting their relationship.
As this outlet reported, the power couple's months-long has been under a microscope — most recently with a viral video at a Las Vegas club after the Chiefs won the 2024 Super Bowl against the San Francisco 49ers.
Swift has been Kelce's biggest cheerleader this season. 
Rumors their romance is "all for PR" made headlines after this TikTok clip, which has gained over 12 million views, cast doubt about their chemistry. The pair have been linked since September 2023 and went public with their romance one month later, but not everyone believes this is a love story.
In the 14-second TikTok video, the Super Bowl champ appeared to be in his own little world, singing and dancing as Swift stood beside him. That is until he noticed cameras were pointing in his direction, according to relationship naysayers.
"You can't convince me that this is [real]," the TikTok user wrote over the footage before predicting what they assumed Kelce was thinking at that moment.
"Travis: Oh s--- it's time to film," the text read as the clip showed Kelce slipping on his sunglasses and saying something in Swift's ear. 
"Travis whispers: get ready they're filming," the user joked as the couple moved closer. The video ended by showing Kelce and Swift from a different angle.
"Mission passed: Respect +," the final overlay text read.
While the TikTok clip gained traction, this isn't the first time fans have raised suspicions about their romance. 
RadarOnline.com exclusively reported that friends of the Chiefs player were "shocked" to learn of their romance last year, with sources telling this outlet that Swift is "not really his type."
Never miss a story — sign up for the RadarOnline.com newsletter to get your daily dose of dope. Daily. Breaking. Celebrity news. All free.
The insider said Taylor was giving Travis guidance on keeping his finances in check.
Daily updates from the heart of Hollywood, right to your inbox
By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you’re agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
While the insiders claimed the NFL player's pals would be "surprised" if the relationship went anywhere, Kelce and Swift have proved critics wrong. The I Knew You Were Trouble singer supported her boyfriend throughout the football season, appearing at several games alongside his family before being his biggest cheerleader at Super Bowl LVIII.
Kelce has also reciprocated the support, recently hopping on a plane and flying 15 hours to meet Swift in Syndey, Australia, for her concerts.
Email us at tips@radaronline.com
It's all over all right. On May 14, just one day before news broke that Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez are allegedly headed toward a divorce, the singer was spotted house-hunting on her own in Beverly Hills, RadarOnline.com revealed.
BY Aaron Johnson
Clint Eastwood has hit his “frankly, I don’t give a damn” moment in life!
BY Radar Staff
Tom Cruise is living up to his Top Gun image by splashing a fortune choppering his new female “best pal” around Britain – after he “fell in love” with the way she's overcome her disability.
BY Aaron Tinney
More From Radar Online
Opt-out of personalized ads
© Copyright 2025 RADAR ONLINE™️. A DIVISION OF MYSTIFY ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK INC. RADAR ONLINE is a registered trademark. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy. People may receive compensation for some links to products and services. Offers may be subject to change without notice.