She’s just gotta shake it off.
Emma Stone revealed that she will never joke about her good friend Taylor Swift again after calling the singer an “a–hole” during the 2024 Golden Globes.
“I definitely won’t make a joke like that again … because I saw headlines that really pulled it out of context,” Stone, 35, told Variety on Wednesday. “What a dope.”
Stone, who has been friends with the “Cruel Summer” singer since 2008, made the remark to several members of the press after securing the Golden Globe for Best Performance by an Actress in a Musical or Comedy.
“What an a–hole, am I right?” the “Poor Things” star told reporters when asked about Swift, 34, who was spotted giving the “La La Land” actress a standing ovation during the ceremony last month. 
“I’ve known her for almost 20 years, so I’m very happy she was there. She was also nominated tonight, so I’m very happy she was there — but what an a–hole,” Stone teased.
The “Cornelia Street” singer, whose concert film was nominated for the new cinematic and box office achievement award (but lost to Margot Robbie’s “Barbie”), was not the only one who was excited over Stone’s win.
Jennifer Lawrence, who was competing against the “Easy A” star, could be seen enthusiastically clapping from her seat. “Oh my God!” she could be seen saying. “Mother!” 
The “Silver Linings Playbook” actress also went viral when she mouthed to the camera: “If I don’t win, I’m leaving,” before Stone’s name was announced.
Other nominees in the category included Robbie, 33, for “Barbie,” Fantasia Barrino for “The Color Purple,” Natalie Portman for “May December” and Alma Pöysti for “Fallen Leaves.”
Stone’s “a–hole” tease came after host Jo Koy‘s monologue fell flat with the audience.
“I’m just taking this all in. I’m so excited to be here. This is a dream come true, not just for me, but for everyone here,” Koy, 52, said at the Beverly Hilton.
The comedian was a late addition to the struggling awards show after it was reported that Chris Rock, Ali Wong and the trio of Will Arnett, Sean Hayes and Jason Bateman all refused to accept the gig.
Koy’s already lukewarm monologue then took an even worse nosedive after he attempted to blame the writers for the lackluster performance. 
“Yo, I got the gig 10 days ago,” the comic said. “You want a perfect monologue? Yo, shut up. I wrote some of these, and those are the ones you’re gonna laugh at.”
Koy put the final nail in his coffin when he attempted to joke about Swift and the NFL. 
“The big difference between the Golden Globes and the NFL is that at the Golden Globes, we have fewer camera shots of Taylor Swift,” the “Easter Sunday” star remarked, referring to Swift attending boyfriend Travis Kelce’s Kansas City Chiefs games.
The broadcast cut to Swift sitting at a table and giving the comedian a death glare.
Advertisement