Sophie is a Newsweek Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in Lincoln, UK. Her focus is reporting on film and TV, trending news and the entertainment industry. She has covered pop culture, women's rights and the arts extensively. Sophie joined Newsweek in 2022 from Social Change UK, and has previously written for The Untitled Magazine, The Mary Sue, Ms. Magazine and Screen Rant. She graduated with a BA Honours in Fine Art from Birmingham City University and has an MA in Arts Journalism from the University of Lincoln. Languages: English.
You can get in touch with Sophie by emailing s.lloyd@newsweek.com.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
New merchandise for Taylor Swift's The Eras Tour is on pre-sale in Australia, with fans divided over the goods' design.
The official Eras Tour X account (@tswifterastour) shared a photo of shirt, ahead of the singer's show in Sydney on Friday.
Featuring black and white snaps of the pop star on the front and tour dates on the back, Swifties can get their hands on the shirt for 65 Australian dollars ($43).
"Brand-new Taylor Swift The Eras Tour white T-shirt unveiled during the merchandise pre-sale at Sydney, Australia!" the account wrote alongside the snap, but fans had mixed thoughts on the design.
"Why's merch for really popular artists always so ugly," commented annalena.
"That looks TERRIBLEEE," said @mclaughlinshop.
"I'm underwhelmed," agreed bri love.
"God her merch is so bad there's so much lost potential," wrote Dannie.
"They rushed and made these last night," joked @swtnerdaylight. "They had a Kmart white T-shirt, an iron and a dream."
Others were shocked at the price of the shirt.
"$65 for a shirt??!!" asked Weronika.
"Love u Taylor but $65 for a T-shirt is CRIMINAL," commented Madison.
🚨| Brand new Taylor Swift 'The Eras Tour' white t-shirt unveiled during the  merchandise presale at Sydney, Australia! #SydneyTSTheErasTour pic.twitter.com/1tiskiVQit
"I really hate the fact her merch has gotten so f****** expensive," said Sarah.
"It's.... a white mass produced T-shirt lol," wrote Dorian. "This is so unserious."
However, other Swifties were excited to purchase the latest merch.
"WANT THIS," commented Kinza Tariq.
"Amazing," said @Shaan_Official3.
"Someone buy it for me," wrote ThinkPink, while Edidiong A called the design "cute."
Newsweek has reached out to Taylor Swift for comment via email.
The Grammy winner resumed her record-breaking Eras Tour earlier this month, with four nights of sold-out shows in Tokyo.
After the Sydney show, the 34-year-old then moved on to Melbourne, Australia, performing three shows at the Melbourne Cricket Ground.
Following her performances at Sydney's Accor Stadium on Friday, Sunday and Monday, Swift will head to Singapore, before taking a break until May.
Beginning in March 2023, several dates have been added to The Eras Tour to cope with the overwhelming demand. The tour is scheduled to end in December 2024, and has so far earned Swift more than $1 billion dollars—making it the highest-grossing tour of all time.
Swift's boyfriend, Kansas City Chiefs' star and Super Bowl winner Travis Kelce, is rumored to be following her on tour. The couple reportedly began dating in July, before going public with their relationship in September.
The 34-year-old tight end was spotted at Swift's gig in Buenos Aires, Argentina, in November. The music icon serenaded Kelce with a modified version of her track "Karma," from her 2022 album, Midnights.
Instead of singing the usual line of "Karma is the guy on the screen, coming straight home to me," Swift said: "Karma is the guy on the Chiefs, coming straight home to me," sending fans wild.
Sophie is a Newsweek Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in Lincoln, UK. Her focus is reporting on film and TV, trending news and the entertainment industry. She has covered pop culture, women's rights and the arts extensively. Sophie joined Newsweek in 2022 from Social Change UK, and has previously written for The Untitled Magazine, The Mary Sue, Ms. Magazine and Screen Rant. She graduated with a BA Honours in Fine Art from Birmingham City University and has an MA in Arts Journalism from the University of Lincoln. Languages: English.
You can get in touch with Sophie by emailing s.lloyd@newsweek.com.
Sophie is a Newsweek Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in Lincoln, UK. Her focus is reporting on film and TV, trending news and the entertainment industry. She has covered pop culture, women's rights and the arts extensively. Sophie joined Newsweek in 2022 from Social Change UK, and has previously written for The Untitled Magazine, The Mary Sue, Ms. Magazine and Screen Rant. She graduated with a BA Honours in Fine Art from Birmingham City University and has an MA in Arts Journalism from the University of Lincoln. Languages: English.
You can get in touch with Sophie by emailing s.lloyd@newsweek.com.
Sophie is a Newsweek Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in Lincoln, UK. Her focus is reporting on film and                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC