This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      
Amy Grant says after a 2022 cycling accident, she came out of surgery with a face lift, much to her surprise. Top Gun actor Barry Tubb is suing Paramount Pictures for using a picture of him in the 2022 film, "Top Gun: Maverick." (Getty Images)
Welcome to the Fox News Entertainment Newsletter. To receive this newsletter in your email, subscribe here.
WHAT THE TUCK - Amy Grant woke up to surprise face-lift after surgery following bike accident. Continue reading here…
LOST THAT LOVIN’ FEELIN’ - 'Top Gun' actor Barry Tubb sues Paramount Pictures for using his image in sequel. Continue reading here…
Natalie Portman commented on rumors about her marriage to Benjamin Millepied. (Alberto E. Rodriguez/Getty Images)
'IT'S TERRIBLE' - Natalie Portman addresses speculation her marriage has ended after husband’s alleged affair. Continue reading here…
‘A GOLD MINE’ Eagles' 'Hotel California' criminal trial over stolen lyric pages is ‘about the names involved.’ Continue reading here…
EMOTIONAL TOLL - King Charles reduced 'to tears' by cancer support messages. Continue reading here…
‘I’M FINALLY HAPPY’ - Christie Brinkley strips down to her bra as she celebrates turning 70. Continue reading here…
Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce are Hollywood's current "it" couple. (Getty Images)
BIG REPUTATION - Taylor Swift's 'curated' Hollywood image is 'blueprint' for Travis Kelce's Tinseltown dreams. Continue reading here…
'FUN GRANDMA' - Marie Osmond stays in shape to 'be the fun grandma' for her 8 grandkids. Continue reading here…
HUMBLE BEGINNINGS - 'Ordinary Angels' star Hilary Swank lived on streets of LA in her car before big break. Continue reading here…
Dolly Parton revealed the only reason she'd retire. (Mark Seliger/Getty Images)
'9 to 5' - Dolly Parton, 78, says only 1 thing could make her retire from country music. Continue reading here…
LIKE WHAT YOU’RE READING? CLICK HERE FOR MORE ENTERTAINMENT NEWS
FOLLOW FOX NEWS ON SOCIAL MEDIA
Facebook
Instagram
YouTube
X, formerly Twitter
This article was written by Fox News staff.
Get a daily look at the top news in music, movies, television and more in the entertainment industry.
By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use, and
        agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can
        opt-out at any time.
Subscribed

      You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!
    

        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by
        Factset. Powered and implemented by
        FactSet Digital Solutions.
        Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by
        Refinitiv Lipper.