Filed under:
Next, your Mickey Mantle for my picture of Homer on the couch.
Black History/White Lies: The 10 biggest myths about the Civil Rights Movement - TheGrioBecause theGrio celebrates the legacy and the past of African America 364 days a year (to appease Ron DeSantis, we take a day off to celebrate white history), it’s always a difficult proposition to find new ways to celebrate Black History Month. 
This year, instead of presenting interesting but meaningless nuggets of trivia like the first Black person to put hot sauce on chicken (Jerome Johnson in 1702), we decided to explore some of the misconceptions, myths and misunderstandings that created some of the popular, almost true narratives that many people believe.
Nikki Haley needs to change the South Carolina GOP to win. Good luck. - POLITICONikki Haley’s only chance at a closer-than-expected finish in South Carolina, let alone a massive upset, is to alter the primary electorate — drastically.
Doctors warn freezing embryos is essential after Alabama ruling with IVF consequencesAfter Alabama’s state Supreme Court ruling on IVF, doctors are warning that women using in vitro fertilization and their babies could face major health risks — and young cancer patients could lose the chance to build a future family — if fertility clinics stop using frozen embryos.
Travis Kelce's friend Ross praises Taylor Swift's 'amazing' Eras Tour in SydneyThe NFL star, 34, attended girlfriend Taylor Swift’s Eras Tour in Sydney on Friday alongside his best friend Ross Travis — and the show surely made quite the impression on the latter.
Why Is No One Eating This Ice Cream Flavor Anymore?Chocolate chip ice cream is reportedly going extinct.
Trump's GOP shows how its extremism could make it vulnerable in electionWhy it matters: Trump is beloved by the Republican Party's MAGA base. But the far-right stamp he's put on the GOP is bursting into view in ways that are giving even some Republicans pause — and could complicate their push for the swing voters they'll need in November.
5 Years Later, Star Wars Is Finally Fixing The Palpatine Detail That 'The Mandalorian' FumbledIn 2019, when the world was first introduced to Baby Yoda, he immediately became the most adored fictional alien creature in the entire world. But for hardcore Star Wars fans, the start of The Mandalorian also turned Baby Yoda into a puzzle. For all three seasons of Mando, the reason why the Empire wanted to sample Grogu’s blood seemed somewhat obvious; clearly, Palpatine’s loyal followers wanted to harvest some midichlorians in order to clone their favorite Sith Lord.
Homeless in Kalispell are getting some extra helpKALISPELL — The homeless population in Kalispell is getting a hand up in getting out of homelessness through a new program at the Flathead Warming Center.
Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.