By MARTA JARY FOR DAILY MAIL AUSTRALIA 
 Published:  14:34, 24 February 2024   |  Updated:  14:54, 24 February 2024   
 22
View  comments
Rebel Wilson had a prime seat to watch Taylor Swift as the pop star took the stage in Sydney for her second show at Accor stadium on Saturday night. 
The Australian actress even got a selfie with Taylor's father, Scott Swift, affectionately known to fans as 'Papa Swift'. 
The Pitch Perfect star was clearly delighted as she posed alongside the matriarch in the auditorium. 
'Papa Swift' she wrote in the caption on the image, which was shared to Instagram Stories. 
Rebel also posed alongside Toni Collette, with the Australian actress among those in the crowd on night two.
Rebel Wilson had a prime seat to watch Taylor Swift as the pop star took the stage in Sydney for her second show at Accor stadium on Saturday night. The Australian actress even got a selfie with Taylor's father, Scott Swift, affectionately known to fans as 'Papa Swift'. Pictured
Proving she's a Swiftie, Rebel donned a number of friendship bracelets which are famously worn by Taylor and her fans. 
She showed off her slimmed down figure in a black ensemble as she enjoyed the show with friends.  
The show which kicked off at 7.30pm as scheduled, after storms had caused delays during Friday's concert. 
Taylor went solo to Saturday's gig after her boyfriend was in the crowd on Friday night. 
Rebel also posed alongside Toni Collette , with the Australian actress among those in the crowd on night two. Pictured 
Proving she's a Swiftie, Rebel donned a number of friendship bracelets which are famously worn by Taylor and her fans 
Travis Kelce has already left to fly back to Las Vegas to continue partying with his Kansas City Chiefs teammates.
Kelce only landed in Sydney on Wednesday to meet up with his girlfriend and watch her perform one of her Eras Tour shows.
TMZ claim the tight end is flying back to Las Vegas to continue partying with his teammates after they won the Super Bowl in Sin City earlier this month.
Kelce is due to land in Las Vegas on Saturday morning after flying for roughly 15 hours in a journey similar to Swift's when she flew from Japan to Nevada for the Super Bowl.
Taylor went solo to Saturday's gig after her boyfriend was in the crowd on Friday night

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group