After a quieter February, March promises to be quite an exciting month for Disney+ subscribers with a handful of exciting new additions set to make their way to the streaming platform across the month ahead. 
Of course, the biggest new addition for Marvel fans comes on March 20 with the season premiere of X-Men '97! The new animated series from Marvel Studios will revisit arguably the greatest animated superhero series of all time as it takes viewers back to the 1990s for a series of new adventures with the X-Men. The new series will see the X-Men facing challenges unlike any they've faced before as they face a dangerous and unexpected new future. 
All of our favorite X-Men from X-Men: The Animated Series will be back as will the voice cast from the original series, some of whom will be voicing new characters as others revisit their iconic roles. We'll be getting new episodes every week, giving fans something to look forward to across the final stretch of March and into April! 
Take a look at the trailer here:
In addition to the series premiere of X-Men '97, March will also see Disney+ adding a new Sony Spider-Verse film to its collection when Morbius makes its Disney+ streaming debut. The Jared Leto-led drama might not have broken big at the box office, but the film has already obtained cult status becoming a campy favorite among audiences. With its arrival on Disney+, fans will have the chance to stream it for the first time on the platform and we're sure they're going to have a lot of fun re-watching the film upon its arrival. 
Take a look at the trailer here:
Of course, we'd be remiss to discuss the March Disney+ slate and not mention the arrival of Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour (Taylor's Version) on March 15. In making its streaming debut, the concert film is guaranteed to become Disney+'s biggest streaming release as fans tune in to enjoy the film in its entirety for the first time with bonus songs "Cardigan" and four acoustic songs. 
Morbius
Queens (All Episodes) 
KiffLife Below Zero: Port Protection Alaska (Season 7)Star Wars: The Bad Batch Episode 305 "The Return"
Cinderella (2015)
NHL Big City Greens Classic (Livestream at 12:00pm PT / 3:00pm ET)
Morphle (Season 1)Star Wars: The Bad Batch  Episode 306 "Infiltration” and Episode 307 "Extraction”
Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour (Taylor's Version)
Photographer
Life Below Zero (Season 22)Morphle and the Magic Pets (Season 1)X-Men '97 (Premiere)Star Wars: The Bad Batch Episode 308 “Bad Territory”
Life Below Zero: Next Generation (Season 7)Random Rings (Season 3)X-Men '97 (New Episode)Star Wars: The Bad Batch Episode 309 “The Harbinger”
Madu (Premiere)Renegade Nell (Premiere)
© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.