By MARTA JARY FOR DAILY MAIL AUSTRALIA 
 Published:  09:08, 24 February 2024   |  Updated:  10:49, 24 February 2024   
 35
View  comments
Pip Edwards and Jackie 'O' Henderson have become great friends of late. 
And the pair headed out to see Taylor Swift on her night two concert at Accor stadium in Sydney on Saturday. 
In photos shared to social media, the pals frocked up for the occasion before heading to the stadium to take their seats. 
Jackie showed off her slimmed down figure in a slinky black dress that put her cleavage on display. 
Pip meanwhile opted for a a crop top and black trousers, her fit physique on display. 
Pip Edwards and Jackie 'O' Henderson have become great friends of late. The pair headed out to see Taylor Swift on her night two concert at Accor stadium in Sydney on Saturday. Both pictured 
It's Jackie's second night in a row catching Swift in concert.
The KIIS FM radio star took her 12-year-old Kitty along to see Taylor Swift's The Eras tour at Sydney's Accor stadium on Friday. 
The 49-year-old and her lookalike daughter posed side by side in photos shared to social media on Friday night. 
Jackie, who has recently slimmed down, showed off her figure in a one-shoulder pink and baby blue gown. 
In photos shared to social media, the pals frocked up for the occasion before heading to the stadium to take their seats
It's Jackie's second night in a row catching Swift in concert. The KIIS FM radio star took her 12-year-old Kitty (left) to see Taylor Swift's The Eras tour at Sydney's Accor stadium on Friday 
Kitty meanwhile looked cute in a boho lace shorts and top set along with red lipstick. 
Swift's first Sydney concert got off to a late start on Friday night after storms and rain caused Accor stadium to be temporarily evacuated. 
Despite the set for support act Sabrina Carpenter being cancelled, Swift finally took the stage a little over 20 minutes after the scheduled start time of 7.30pm. 
Proudly watching on was her boyfriend, Travis Kelce, who caused a roar from the crowd as he arrived to proudly view his pop star lover do what she does best. 
Swift 's first Sydney concert (pictured) got off to a late start on Friday night after storms and rain caused Accor stadium to be temporarily evacuated

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group