Taylor Swift walks on the field after the NFL Super Bowl 58 football game against the San Francisco 49ers Sunday, Feb. 11, 2024, in Las Vegas. The Kansas City Chiefs won 25-22 against the San Francisco 49ers. (AP Photo/Frank Franklin II)AP
Robert Kraft is a big fan of Taylor Swift. However, the New England Patriots chairman seems to think she could do a little better in the dating department.
At a Fanatics event over the weekend, Kraft was asked about his long-running connection with Swift. Kraft was quick to praise the pop star, recounting how much she’s grown since she held a show at Gillette Stadium nearly 14 years ago.
“Taylor, her first stadium concert was on my birthday in 2010 -- June 5. We convinced her and her family that she could sell out a stadium,” Kraft said in a video from TMZ. “So when she came to view the Chiefs play the Patriots this year at Gillette, I gave her a framed ticket from that concert -- June 5, 2010. Think about it, she was like 18-19 and she’s done pretty well since then.”
Kraft then decided to have a little fun by taking a minor jab at the fact that Swift is dating Kansas City Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce. Apparently, Kraft thinks that former Patriots tight end Rob Gronkowski would have been a better fit.
“Except maybe she should have been dating Gronk,” Kraft joked. “He’s better looking!”
Swift’s much-publicized relationship with Kelce was a popular storyline during the 2023 NFL season, culminating in her being present at the Chiefs’ win at Super Bowl XLVIII. As Kraft mentioned, Swift was also at the stadium when the Chiefs visited New England this season. While the Chiefs were the opposing team, Swift still drew cheers from the crowd.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices