By MARY MRAD FOR DAILY MAIL AUSTRALIA 
 Published:  23:17, 28 February 2024   |  Updated:  00:45, 29 February 2024   
 8
View  comments
White Lotus star Jennifer Coolidge has defended Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce's visit to Sydney Zoo after animal rights organisation PETA called out the A-list couple.
The popstar and her NFL boyfriend went on a date at the 16.5-hectare site last week ahead of Swift's three concerts in Australia's biggest city, and they were spotted even petting a little kangaroo.
PETA released a statement saying the couple should 'spend their time and money at a true sanctuary' instead.
But Jennifer has defended the couple's trip to the zoo, claiming they probably didn't put a lot of thought into the date and were just looking for something romantic to do.
'I love Taylor and they seem like animal lovers so I can't condemn those guys I love them,' the actress, 62, told TMZ.
White Lotus star Jennifer Coolidge has defended Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce 's visit to Sydney Zoo after animal rights organisation PETA called out the A-list couple 
'I'm sure they didn't think about it much and were trying to do something romantic so I'm going to let them off the hook on it but I agree with PETA on everything.'
Debbie Metzler - PETA Foundation's Director of Captive Animal Welfare - was far from impressed with the sighting of the You Belong with Me hitmaker.
In a shared statement, she said: 'While we understand all too well the appeal of seeing Australia's wildlife, PETA hopes that next time Taylor and Travis want to see wild animals, they'll spend their time and money at a true sanctuary.'
The charitable organisation added that a sanctuary is a better choice due to visitors being at a respectful distance from animals and the fact that they can't feed or touch them there.
The popstar and her NFL boyfriend went on a date at the 16.5-hectare site last week ahead of Swift's three concerts in Australia's biggest city, and they were spotted even petting a little kangaroo
Swift wrapped up the Australian leg of her Eras tour on Monday after playing to more than 600,000 fans across Melbourne and Sydney.
A record-breaking 96,000 fans attended each of her three nights in Melbourne, while Sydney attracted a further 83,000 Swifties at each of her four shows.
The pop sensation reportedly earned $25million per Sydney show.
Swift also injected a whopping $145m into the NSW economy, as thousands of local and interstate fans flocked to the city for the must-see event of the year.
The pop star will now head to Singapore for three concerts on March 2, 3 and 4.
Jennifer has defended the couple's trip to the zoo, claiming they probably didn't put a lot of thought into the date and were just looking for something romantic to do

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group