By EVE BUCKLAND FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  22:17, 9 January 2024   |  Updated:  04:41, 10 January 2024   
 93
View  comments
Selena Gomez has attempted to shut down speculation she and Taylor Swift were gossiping about Kylie Jenner and Timothee Chalamet at the Golden Globes on Sunday - despite a forensic lip reader confirming the pair were. 
Video from their table showed Gomez, 31, Swift, 34, and Miles Teller's wife Keleigh Sperry having an extremely animated discussion - with a somber Selena waxing lyrical to a shocked Taylor and Keleigh, before the latter is clearly heard clarifying: 'with Timothee?' as Selena nods.
Lip reader Jeremy Freeman exclusively uncovered the trio's conversation for DailyMail.com - alleging Selena was denied a photo with Timothee, 28, and claiming she feared 'upsetting' him and Kylie, 26.
Freeman says Selena dished to Taylor and Keleigh: 'He didn’t want a picture with me, he said no' with Keleigh responding: 'Timothee?'
Taylor then whispered in Selena's ear, with the Only Murders In The Building actress allegedly saying: 'I tried, I couldn’t, it’ll upset em.'
Selena Gomez has attempted to shut down speculation she and Taylor Swift were gossiping about Kylie Jenner and Timothee Chalamet at the Golden Globes on Sunday - despite a forensic lip reader confirming the pair were 
Lip reader Jeremy Freeman exclusively uncovered the trio's conversation for DailyMail.com - alleging Selena was denied a photo with Timothee, 28, and claiming she feared 'upsetting' him and Kylie, 26 
Now Selena has claimed she was in fact gossiping about 'two friends that hooked up' - even though Keleigh is heard clearly stating Timothee's name.
She wrote on social media: 'Noooooo I told Taylor about two of my friends who hooked up. Not that that's anyone business'.
Selena and Timothee previously starred as love interests in Woody Allen film A Rainy Day In New York back in 2018. 
Taylor was pipped at the post to the Cinematic and Box Office Achievement award - a new category for the 2024 Globes - as her The Eras tour movie lost to Barbie and was seen being consoled by BFF Selena before the drama began.
Fans quickly began to analyze the clip and claim Selena was detailing how she asked the Wonka star for a photo - but Kylie allegedly said no.   
A tweet from popculturegal claimed Selena said: 'i asked for a picture with him and she (kylie jenner) said no'.
 One fan wrote: 'Selena so real. Whenever something happens to me i’m running straight to my girls'
Another wrote: 'She was making sure to YELL that loud so everyone could hear her lmfaoooo' while a third typed: 'I just love Taylor's face'
Video from their table showed Gomez, 31, Swift, 34, and Miles Teller 's wife Keleigh Sperry having an extremely animated discussion - with  Selena waxing lyrical to a shocked Taylor and Keleigh, before the latter is clearly heard clarifying: 'with Timothee?' as Selena nods
Freeman says Selena dished to Taylor and Keleigh: ' He didn’t want a picture with me, he said no' with Keleigh responding: 'Timothee?' Taylor then whispered in Selena's ear, with the Only Murders In The Building actress allegedly saying: ' I tried, I couldn’t, it’ll upset em'
Now Selena has claimed she was in fact gossiping about 'two friends that hooked up' - even though Keleigh is heard clearly stating Timothee's name
Others wrote: 'Selena with the gossip' and 'It was so clear though . You can clearly hear the name from Keleigh.'
Another wrote: 'Why I think this tea is about Timothée not greeting Selena even if they’re friends because of Kylie? There’s another angle when you can tell the other girl is saying ‘noo Timothée??
DailyMail.com has contacted representatives for Selena Gomez and Kylie Jenner for comment. 
Wonka star Timothee, 27, who was nominated in the Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy for the movie, held onto his 26-year-old love's hand as they arrived at the ceremony late and were ushered in.
Kylie looked incredible in a sequin and lace black backless dress with radiant make-up while Timothee matched her in a black sequined suit.
Taylor was pipped at the post to the Cinematic and Box Office Achievement award - a new category for the 2024 Globes - as her The Eras tour movie lost to Barbie and was seen being consoled by BFF Selena before the drama began
Selena and Timothee previously starred as love interests in Woody Allen film A Rainy Day In New York back in 2018
A tweet from popculturegal claimed Selena said: 'i asked for a picture with him and she (kylie jenner) said no'
Fans quickly began to react to the viral video at the Globes
The couple held hands as they chatted at their table
Timothee shot Kylie the look of love as they chatted at the ceremony
Timothee Chalamet brought girlfriend Kylie Jenner as his date to the 2024 Golden Globes on Sunday - with the pair packing on the PDA during a commercial break
An onlooker tells DailyMail: 'They were at their table staring at one another. They didn't talk to anyone during the commercial break, they were just kissing... it looked like puppy dog love, like high school.'
The pair have been dating since early 2023 and have ramped up their public appearances together in recent months.
In February 2023 Kylie was forced to clear the air and respond to a TikTok video where she was accused of mocking Selena's eyebrows 
The Kylie Cosmetics mogul denied being shady towards Gomez and went as far as to shoot down any talk of a feud between herself and the actress and singer.
Taylor posed up with her date for the evening Keleigh Sperry
The star looked sensational as she posed with a stylish Selena
In a comment underneath a TikTok clip by @devotedly.yours on Wednesday, the mother of two began by writing, 'this is reaching. no shade towards selena ever and i didn't see her eyebrow posts!'
She went on to add 'u guys are making something out of nothing' in the post.
The Keeping Up With The Kardashians alum ended the comment by declaring 'this is silly.'
 FILM
Best Motion Picture - Drama: Oppenheimer
Best Motion Picture - Musical or Comedy: Poor Things
Cinematic and Box Office Achievement: Barbie
Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Motion Picture – Drama: Lily Gladstone - Killers Of The Flower Moon
Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Motion Picture – Drama: Cillian Murphy - Oppenheimer
Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy: Emma Stone - Poor Things
Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy: Paul Giamatti - The Holdovers
Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Supporting Role in any Motion Picture: Da'Vine Joy Randolph - The Holdovers
Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Supporting Role in any Motion Picture: Robert Downey Jr. - Oppenheimer
Best Director - Motion Picture: Christopher Nolan - Oppenheimer
Best Original Song - Motion Picture: What Was I Made For? - Barbie - Billie Eilish, Finneas O'Connell
Emma Stone triumphed as she earned Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy
 TELEVISION
Best Television Series - Drama: Succession
Best Television Series - Musical or Comedy: The Bear
Best Television Limited Series, Anthology Series, or Motion Picture Made for Television: Beef
Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Television Series – Drama: Sarah Snook - Succession
Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Television Series – Drama: Kieran Culkin - Succession
Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Television Series – Musical or Comedy: Ayo Edebiri - The Bear
Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Television Series – Musical or Comedy: Jeremy Allen White - The Bear
Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Limited Series, Anthology Series, or a Motion Picture Made for Television: Ali Wong - Beef
Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Limited Series, Anthology Series, or a Motion Picture Made for Television: Steven Yeun - Beef
Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Supporting Role on Television: Elizabeth Debicki - The Crown
Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Supporting Role on Television: Matthew Macfadyen - Succession

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group