CES 2024 has arrived and, as always, is filled with the coolest gadgets you can find that give us a glimpse of what the future just may be. However, it can be hard to keep track of everything revealed at CES 2024, so we're here to gather the best of the best gadgets that you simply can't miss.
We'll also be updating this article throughout the show, so be sure to check back often to see what we've added!
So far, we have seen an adorable AI-powered robot companion named Ballie, a modern remake of the original Xbox S controller, a stunning 1440p 480Hz gaming monitor, and so much more. Check out our favorite gadgets below!
Few may recall Ballie, the spherical robot introduced by Samsung at a previous CES. It's noteworthy that Samsung has resurrected this round robot, enhancing it with AI capabilities and incorporating a built-in projector.
In Samsung's CES announcements, Ballie is described as an "AI companion" for your home, adept at managing smart home tasks such as feeding your pet or adjusting room lighting. Amidst a plethora of AI-infused devices at the show, Ballie stands out with its integral projector. Samsung asserts in a press release that Ballie is the "world’s first projector to automatically detect people’s posture and facial angle and adjust the optimal projection angle" based on the circumstances. 
In theory, this feature makes Ballie a convenient addition to your home, such as waking up and curious about the day's weather. However, the practicality of such a robot depends on whether Samsung reveals pricing and a release date. - Taylor Lyles, Reporter 
Handheld gaming PCs may be nothing new, but ever since Valve released the Steam Deck nearly two years ago, the market of gaming PCs has become a hot ticket item for those looking to play their favorite PC games beyond the conventional way of using a gaming laptop. MSI now joins this emerging market with the Claw, a Windows-powered handheld using an Intel Meteor Lake CPU. MSI is touting its battery performance, which makes Claw the most desirable handheld to buy, promising an "impressive 2-hour battery life under full workload conditions." - Taylor Lyles, Reporter 
LG wowed me last week when it announced an OLED 480Hz gaming monitor. But I was perplexed at the lack of pricing let alone an actual name. 480Hz gaming monitors is certainly new territory for the market. So it was no surprise that Asus announced today that it was also making a 1440p 480Hz gaming monitor called the ROG Swift OLED PG27AQDP. There is no price, but Asus gave a “second half of 2024” release window for the PG27AQDP. - Taylor Lyles, Reporter 
Intel’s NUCs (Next Unit of Computing) have always been these adorable little mini PCs, but Asus has turned that concept into a tiny gaming PC. The Asus ROG NUC 14 Enthusiast is a gaming NUC powered by the new Intel Core Ultra processors and either an Nvidia RTX 4060 or RTX 4070. Now, don’t get your hopes up too much, these are the mobile versions of the GPUs, but it’s still more than powerful enough to play through pretty much any game you throw at it. Couple that with how easy it is to fit into any setup no matter how space-constrained, and the Asus ROG NUC 14 Enthusiast has a ton of potential for fans of the best gaming PCs and mini PCs alike.  - Jacqueline Thomas, Tech and Buying Guides Editor
If you like stickering up your laptop but you don’t want to deal with it, well, actually putting stickers on it, Lenovo has you covered. At CES 2024, the company showed off a concept laptop that has an e-ink display on the top of the laptop. That means you can pretty much have the laptop showing off any image you want, whenever you want. Think about it: once you stick up a laptop, you’re stuck with how the laptop looks unless you want to go through the tiring process of scraping off each sticker. If this concept becomes an actual laptop, you can change the way your laptop looks at the press of a button, perfect for anyone who likes to customize the look of their tech. - Jacqueline Thomas, Tech and Buying Guides Editor
Whenever Hyperkin comes to CES it always has a neat gadget or two up its sleeve. And this year did not disappoint, as the company announced DuchesS and Mega 95. 
The former is a remake of the Original Xbox S controller that works on Xbox One, Series X/S, and Windows 10/11 PCs. Most importantly, it features Hall Effect thumbsticks and Hall Effect impulse Triggers  – with thumbstick drift a growing problem in the industry this will extend the controller’s lifespan significantly, while the impulse triggers will add more realism in action or first-person shooter games. Hyperkin did not give a release date or price in its press release, but the Hall effect thumbsticks and triggers plus that sleek design are worth the price of admission.
The latter is a handheld that plays Sega Genesis and Mega Drive cartridges and looks like an oversized Genesis controller so same concept as Hyperkin’s SupaBoy handheld. The Mega 95 features a 5-inch screen with a button that can toggle between 4:3 and 16:9 aspect ratios. If you feel like playing it on a larger display, a USB-C dock includes TV output (though its resolution cannot go higher than 720p). Again, no price and release date for the Mega 95, but the announcement alone should have Sega Genesis fans rejoicing. – Taylor Lyles, Reporter
PC case design gets more interesting every year. Hyte’s popular Y60 case, which has a large wraparound glass panel, was already pretty cool, but the new Y70 Touch takes things to the next level by adding a large touch screen panel to the front edge of the case. It can display system stats, Twitch chat, or even play a game of what looks like but for legal reasons definitely isn’t Tetris. The Y70 Touch costs $359.99 and will be available later this year. – Bo Moore, Executive Tech Editor
The designs of Nvidia’s Founder’s Edition cards are always so appealing to me. The simplistic yet sleek design makes any Founder’s Edition GPU worthy of any PC gaming rig. Of course, the Founder’s Edition GPUs are always hard to find even at launch for some with OEMs being more common to find. I was surprised to see MSI being the first OEM to take some influence and design its own Founder’s Edition GPU for the 4080 Super. 
The RTX 4080 Super 16G Expert has that same simplistic look like its 4080 Super Founder’s Edition counterpart (and both are absurdly huge having seen both in person this week). Instead of the black design with gray outlines, MSI’s 4080 Super 16G Expert is gray. The GPU also at first glance could easily be mistaken as a non-gaming GPU, which might throw some people off, but I could imagine how awesome it would look standing vertically in a PC case. – Taylor Lyles, Reporter
If you are not keeping up with CES 2024 themes and trends, AI is the big one by a country mile. With so many gadgets appearing this year incorporating artificial intelligence in some capacity, one that has really stuck out to me is R1, a pocket-sized gadget from the AI startup, Rabbit. 
Rabbit R1 at first glance reminds me of an orange color variant of the Playdate handheld. But unlike the Playdate, this device is an AI-powered companion piece that promises an “app-free experience.” Rabbit said in its press release that the R1 will be able to observe your behavior when using specific apps and then mimic and perform them on its own. Based on how R1 is described, sounds like a virtual assistant like Amazon Alexa, but souped up with AI allowing it to have the independence to do tasks like play music or ordering something off of Amazon on its own accord. – Taylor Lyles, Reporter
Foldable TVs like the latest one TCL announced are out in the wild at CES. But everything seems to be foldable, I want something I can unfold like C Seed’s N1 MicroLED TV. It’s 137 inches, which is pretty big for a TV, especially one designed for indoor usage. Naturally, that is going to take up a lot of space, but when it is not in use for its intended purpose it folds into a futuristic sculpture. – Taylor Lyles, Reporter
Last week, a new tech startup company called Clicks Technology was announced. Beyond the announcement of the company's formation, it also revealed its first product: Clicks, a phone case for select iPhones (iPhone 14 Pro, 15 Pro, and 15 Pro Max) that includes a physical keyboard. 
At first glance, this product looks like a Blackberry with an iPhone attached. But having checked it out, the product is so much more than something people nostalgic for Blackberry will buy. Clicks is a well-built accessory perfect for people who miss physical phone keyboards. Not only that but there is potential for this to be a great accessibility tool for those with visual impairments. The product has a lot of potential, even though there is a bit of a learning curve, as I still have a typo or two when testing out the keyboards. – Taylor Lyles, Reporter 
Not many people publicly know about this, but I am a huge conservationist. I enjoy the great outdoors, and living in the state that I do, I take advantage of the cool outdoor activities I can do, especially during hunting season. 
When I saw the Swarovski Optik AX Visio, I was immediately intrigued. Yeah, it looks like a pair of regular old binoculars at first glance. But it has a ton of smarts. For one thing, it is capable of photo and video capture. Yet my favorite thing about the AX Visio is that it can identify birds and animals for you with the press of a button! It left me wondering about my infinite possibilities with this thing. From identifying what bird is on a tree, I see as I am up 30 feet in the air in a tree stand when I am bow hunting, for example. 
It's a shame this gadget will cost a hefty penny at $4,799.  - Taylor Lyles, Reporter
Do YOU remember Samsung's Frame TV? What if I told you that Samsung is doing something like it again, but instead, it's a picture frame that also doubles as a wireless speaker? 
Like the Frame TV before it, the Samsung Music Frame is a technical trojan horse: it looks like a regular picture frame, but on the inside, it houses multiple speakers. It'll be interesting to see how people incorporate this in their homes should they decide to buy one (or more). - Taylor Lyles, Reporter