By ED HOLT 
 Published:  22:14, 1 March 2024   |  Updated:  22:29, 1 March 2024   
 8
View  comments
Hotel bosses are cashing in on Taylor Swift’s latest tour by hiking prices by 200 per cent when she comes to town.
Surge pricing for reservations normally applies for concerts and sporting events.
But ‘Swiftonomics’ is resulting in rates trebling in some areas.
Last night, the Premier Inn at Wembley Stadium was quoting £313 on August 15, when Ms Swift appears, compared to £74 exactly one week before.
Booking.com shows a £678 rate on the same night at the Wembley Park Hotel, compared to less than half of that for two nights the previous week.
Taylor Swift (pictured) performing during her Eras Tour in Inglewood California last August. ‘Swiftonomics’ is resulting in rates trebling in some areas when Ms Swift is on tour in the UK. 
Ms Swift performing onstage in Kansas City, Missouri. The Premier Inn at Wembley Stadium was quoting £313 on August 15, when Ms Swift appears, compared to £74 exactly one week before
A Premier Inn in Aldgate, London, (stock image). Whitbread, the owner of Premier Inn, said: ‘We operate dynamic pricing which operates accordingly to how popular any given hotel is on any given day’
A night at Edinburgh Central Travelodge on June 2 was being sold for £170 yesterday. However, with Ms Swift appearing later that week, all their sites in the Scottish capital are full.
Instead, the chain is offering a night on the other side of the Firth of Forth in Dunfermline starting at £263.99 on the first night of her two appearances, where stays can otherwise be had for as little as £33.99.
Fans have been worried about hotel prices since tour tickets were first released last year.
In August, Adele Hickingbothom, 36, bought £100 tickets for her and her mother to attend the Eras tour in Cardiff.
But after checking hotel prices, and noting they were £200 per night just before she bought tickets, she was horrified to realise they had shot up to £600 half an hour later after she made the purchase.
Thanks to the tour, some Travelodge hotels near venues sold out a year in advance.
In an update last summer, the business said its hotels in central Edinburgh, Liverpool and Cardiff had already entirely sold out, while many of its hotels near Wembley were full as well.
It's not only the UK which has been impacted, with stories about higher hotel prices following Ms Swift wherever she performs.
In Australia, Taylor Swift fans will have to spend significantly more on accommodations and flights to see Ms Swift. A hotel in Sydney has elevated its price by nearly $500 for the weekend when Ms Swift is in town.    
The pop sensation is playing a total of eight nights at Wembley Stadium, as well as dates in Edinburgh, Cardiff and Liverpool this summer.
Whitbread, the owner of Premier Inn, said: ‘We operate dynamic pricing which operates accordingly to how popular any given hotel is on any given day.’ 
Travelodge added: ‘We regularly review our room rates to make sure they are as competitive as possible.’

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group