e-Edition
Get the latest news delivered daily!
Get the latest news delivered daily!
e-Edition

			Trending:		
Pop superstar Taylor Swift basically took over the world in 2023.
She shattered records with The Eras Tour, a still ongoing trek that has become such a phenomenon that there are now college courses to study it and publications hiring journalists to specifically cover Swift’s every move. She also put out a blockbuster concert film in October and rereleased “Speak Now” and “1989,” both Taylor’s Versions, of course. She also finally joined the billionaire club, according to Bloomberg, once her film was released last year.
ALSO SEE: They spent thousands to see Taylor Swift’s The Eras Tour. The experience is priceless
For those who couldn’t make it to SoFi Stadium to see The Eras Tour, who missed out when the film was in theaters or couldn’t convince family members to rent and watch it via streaming over the holidays, there are other ways to get in on Swiftie mania. Even for those who just want to relive the magic and mingle with other Swifties to swap friendship bracelets, Garden Amp in Garden Grove is hosting a Taylor Swift Night with tribute band Taylor Nation, along with openers Harry’s House, a Harry Styles tribute, on Saturday, Jan. 6.
“Taylor Swift is without a doubt the largest artist in the world right now, and we kind of thought what better way to start the New Year than with a tribute night,” Daniel Park, a promoter and talent buyer at Garden Amp said during a recent phone interview.
The Swift party promises to have guests ready to “Shake It Off,” as Park quipped. With a live band set to play tracks from Swift’s extensive catalog, including hits like “Cruel Summer,” “Anti-Hero,” “Cardigan” and “You Belong With Me.”
ALSO SEE: Photos: Taylor Swift continues to shine on her Eras Tour at SoFi Stadium
Park also emphasizes that the event aims to bring the magic of The Eras Tour to those who missed out on tickets due to skyrocketing prices, with some tickets costing as much as a brand new vehicle coming from secondary sellers.
“I’ve seen so many Swifties online who weren’t able to go to The Eras Tour due to the whole Ticketmaster incident and ridiculous resale prices,” Park said, noting that the Garden Amp tickets are $15-$25. “So we knew since forming this event that we wanted to keep it fairly inexpensive for fans who just want to come out and enjoy the Taylor Swift activities, who maybe didn’t get a chance.”
In addition to the Swift celebration, fans can also catch opening act Harry’s House, a live tribute to Harry Styles. For Park, the intertwining of the two fan bases adds a unique dimension to the event, creating an atmosphere where attendees can revel in the music legacies of both artists — despite Styles being a very famous ex of Swift.
There will also be plenty of photo opportunities, friendship bracelet creations and a selection of Swift-themed mocktails and drinks tailored to hit tracks.
“I gave our bar manager a handful of song titles to whip up some festive drinks for fans, so with that task, I’m sure fans are going to love everything going on that night,” he said.
Park hopes that whether you’re a seasoned Swiftie, a parent attending, or just a friend tagging along, you’ll depart with a profound sense of friendship and community, two elements already deeply embedded within Swiftie nation.
“There’s a really big family and friend factor behind any Taylor Swift event that you go to and it’s no different for this event at Garden Amp,” Park said. “If we can hold space for a mother and daughter moment or even friends getting back together, that’s what Swift gatherings are all about anyways.”
When: 5:30 p.m. Saturday, Jan. 6
Where: Garden Amp, 12762 Main Street, Garden Grove
Tickets: Tickets are $15-$25 at Ticketweb.com.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group