Did the 'Three Sad Virgins' help write this love story?

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

The comedy trio Please Don’t Destroy have worked with some major powerhouses in creating hilarious skits and music videos for Saturday Night Live. The caliber of talent who is game for their antics is impressive even to them, as they previously said they were shocked that Taylor Swift agreed to collaborate with them on “Three Sad Virgins.” But while the “Anti-Hero” singer was making fun of their love lives, did Please Don’t Destroy actually help her with hers? Keep reading to see how the comedians apparently played a role in Swift and Travis Kelce’s relationship.
Ben Marshall, John Higgins, and Martin Herlihy of Please Don’t Destroy spoke on Mike Birbiglia’s Working It Out podcast about America’s favorite power couple and how they’d met both of them through SNL. Marshall recalled Taylor Swift mentioning the tight end to them after seeing him guest-host in March 2023. Marshall said: 
We worked with both Taylor and Travis Kelce before they got together and she kind of told us that she watched his SNL episode and saw him in our video and was like, ‘Oh, this guy seems funny!’ So [we] a little bit brought them together, and we were, like, thinking about maybe saying that on Fallon, and then we were like, I think that if then they ever break up, we will somehow be, like, pinned with causing this disaster. It’s just a very precarious situation. People have such strong feelings.
Taylor Swift was likely referring to the “Self-Defense” skit that Travis Kelce did with Please Don’t Destroy, in which he basically beat the shit out of the comedic trio while teaching a self-defense class. You can see the hilarious sketch below: 
Apparently watching Travis Kelce (or Kurt Lightning, rather) cold-cock the SNL writers did it for Taylor Swift, which I’d take personal offense to if I were Please Don’t Destroy, especially given that she had previously teamed up with Pete Davidson to roast them in the “Three Sad Virgins” skit.
I can understand why they might have been apprehensive about revealing their connection to the couple, because if they don’t turn out to be “End Game,” Swifties are going to be looking for somebody to blame. 
However, the Please Don’t Destroy members aren’t the first people to take or be given credit for Travis Kelce and Taylor Swift’s relationship. Andy Reid has been joking that he set up the couple ever since Taylor Swift was first seen dropping F-bombs at Travis Kelce’s games. The singer also did NFL reporter Erin Andrews a solid by wearing a jacket from her clothing line, possibly to thank her for her role in getting them together.
Regardless of who we have to thank for this love story, it seems like Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce remain close with the Saturday Night Live crew. Back in October, they dropped by 30 Rockefeller Plaza during taping and ended up doing last-minute cameos, before Kelce was caught being a total gentleman while escorting his girlfriend into the SNL afterparty.
Your Daily Blend of Entertainment News
The lovebirds seem to still be going strong as Travis Kelce just secured a third Super Bowl ring for himself and the music icon prepares to release Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour (Taylor’s Version) on March 15 for those with a Disney+ subscription — and that’s just one of many things Swifties have to look forward to. 
Heidi Venable is a Content Producer for CinemaBlend, a mom of two and a hard-core '90s kid. She started freelancing for CinemaBlend in 2020 and officially came on board in 2021. Her job entails writing news stories and TV reactions from some of her favorite prime-time shows like Grey's Anatomy and The Bachelor. She graduated from Louisiana Tech University with a degree in Journalism and worked in the newspaper industry for almost two decades in multiple roles including Sports Editor, Page Designer and Online Editor. Unprovoked, will quote Friends in any situation. Thrives on New Orleans Saints football, The West Wing and taco trucks.
'No One Would Ever Expect This': Rihanna Revealed Her Favorite Met Gala Looks, And One Was An Afterparty Gown That Involved Butt Cleavage
Fire Country Season 3 Ended With Cliffhangers And Some Major Exits. Now, I Have A Bunch Of Questions About Season 4 
It's Not Often That I Slot New Entries Into My Top Five Favorite Movies Of All Time, But Sinners Is That Rare Exception. Here's Why.

Cinemablend is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.