By SHARON MAI FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  17:08, 1 March 2024   |  Updated:  17:36, 1 March 2024   
 29
View  comments
Taylor Swift thought Travis Kelce was hilarious before meeting him for the first time.
His sense of humor caught her attention before the 34-year-old singer went on to reach out to him and kick off their romance, according to Saturday Night Live star Ben Marshall.
Before meeting him, the superstar — who took barefaced photos with a lucky family in Sydney — said that she thought he was 'funny', he recalled on an episode of Mike Birbiglia's Working It Out podcast released on Monday.
'We worked with both Taylor and Travis Kelce before they got together,' he said, before joking that he and his comedy group Please Don't Destroy are 'a little bit' responsible for getting them together.
He explained that he and his group had worked with Kelce last year when the Kansas City Chiefs tight end, 34, made his hosting debut on the sketch comedy show in March 2023. 
Taylor Swift thought Travis Kelce was hilarious before meeting him for the first time; seen on February 23
His sense of humor caught her attention before the 34-year-old singer went on to reach out to him and kick off their romance
The pair had been secretly dating since the summer and confirmed their romance at the Kansas City Chiefs and Chicago Bears game on September 24
'We worked with both Taylor and Travis Kelce before they got together,' he said, before joking that he and his comedy group Please Don't Destroy are 'a little bit' responsible for getting them together; Martin Herlihy, John Higgens and Ben Marshall seen in April 2023
Marshall said that after his episode aired, Swift shared some of her initial thoughts about Kelce with the comedy group.
'She kinda told us that she watched his SNL episode and saw him in our video and was like, "Oh, this guy seems funny",' he recalled.
'So, like, a little bit [we] brought them together,' he added.
The 14-time Grammy then famously went on to message Kelce for the first time when she learned that he previously tried and failed to give her his number on a friendship bracelet.
The 28-year-old comedian then admitted on the podcast that he did not tell the story before on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon because he was worried about the reaction of Swift's loyal and devout fanbase.
He explained that the group was concerned if the relationship did not end up working out, they would be held responsible for Swift's heartache. 
'I was thinking about like maybe [sharing that anecdote] on Fallon, and then we were like, "I think that if then they ever break up, we will be pinned for causing this disaster",' he explained. 
'It's just a very precarious situation,' he said. 'Because people have such strong feelings.' 
Marshall and his comedy group Please Don't Destroy worked with the Midnights hitmaker over two years ago in November 2021 when she joined then-cast member Pete Davidson for a musical sketch for Three Sad Virgins
He explained that he and his group had worked with Kelce last year when the Kansas City Chiefs tight end, 34, made his hosting debut on the sketch comedy show in March 2023
Marshall said that after his episode aired, Swift shared some of her initial thoughts about Kelce with the comedy group. The 14-time Grammy then famously went on to message Kelce for the first time when she learned that he previously tried and failed to give her his number on a friendship bracelet; seen in October 2023
In October 2023, the All Too Well singer made a surprise appearance to introduce her pal Ice Spice as the musical guest; seen on SNL episode on October 14, 2023
By then, she had already been dating Kelce for months and had just debuted their relationship publicly for the very first time at one of the NFL star's games; seen at SNL Afterparty in October 2023
Since then, Swift has attended 13 of her boyfriend's games including the Chiefs Super Bowl victory over the San Francisco 49ers. He has also shown his support at a number of her Eras Tour concerts across the globe
The 28-year-old comedian then admitted on the podcast that he did not tell the story on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon because he was worried about the reaction of Swift's loyal and devout fanbase. He explained that the group was concerned if the relationship did not end up working out, they would be held responsible for Swift's heartache; seen in November 2023
Marshall and his comedy group Please Don't Destroy worked with the Midnights hitmaker over two years ago in November 2021 when she joined then-cast member Pete Davidson for a musical sketch for Three Sad Virgins.
In October 2023, the All Too Well singer made a surprise appearance to introduce her pal Ice Spice as the musical guest.
By then, she had already been dating Kelce for months and had just debuted their relationship publicly for the very first time at one of the NFL star's games.
The pair had been secretly dating since the summer and confirmed their romance at the Kansas City Chiefs and Chicago Bears game on September 24. 
Since then, Swift has attended 13 of her boyfriend's games including the Chiefs Super Bowl victory over the San Francisco 49ers.
He has also shown his support at a number of her Eras Tour concerts across the globe. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group