Getty Image / Berk Ozkan / Anadolu
Rihanna has arrived in Jamnagar in the Indian state of Gujarat for an event that is being called the ‘Wedding of the Century’ as Anant Ambani, son of the wealthiest man in all of Asia (Mukesh Ambani), will marry Radhika Merchant in an event that will see Bill Gates, Mark Zuckerberg, Ivanka Trump, and others in attendance.
It has been the better part of a decade since Rihanna last toured in 2016. Since then, she performed at the Super Bowl and reminded the world that she’s still one of the greatest performers in the business.
As is tradition, the NFL didn’t pay Rihanna for her Super Bowl performance but she is reportedly earning between $8 and $9 million for her performance at the Ambani wedding, just an unfathomable sum of money to make for a single performance. Rihanna arrived to the Ambani wedding on Thursday to much fanfare:
As a point of comparison, Taylor Swift earns an estimated $13.6 million per concert on the Eras Tour which runs 3 hours per show. The average attendance per concert is 72,000. That comes out to Taylor Swift earning approximately $188.88 per attendee at the concert.
There will be approximately 1,200 guests attending the wedding between Anant Ambani and Radhika Merchant, paid for by Mukesh Ambani who has a reported net worth of $114.4 BILLION and is believed to be the wealthiest man in all of Asia.
With 1,200 guests and Rihanna reportedly earning somewhere between $8-$9 million for the pre-wedding performance, that comes out to between $6,666 and $7,500 per guest, just for the pre-wedding performance.
For what it’s worth, Mukesh Ambani’s reported net worth is $114.4 billion and $8-$9 million on Rihanna’s performance is the equivalent of a hamburger to him. Rihanna’s fee for the Ambani wedding represents just 0.00007867132% of his estimated net worth.
Not to be lost in this is Rihanna herself is a billionaire with a reported net worth of $1.4 billion, thanks in large part to her Fenty luxury brand. It takes a LOT of money to get her somewhere and apparently, $8-$9 million is what it costs.
There is no telling how much the Anant Ambani and Radhika Merchant wedding will cost. But, a few years ack Anant Ambani’s sister got married and her father spent a reported $100 million on the wedding. So the ultimate price tag will likely be somewhere in that realm.
Other guests at the wedding include Mark Zuckerberg who was dressed to the nines with his wife, Dr. Priscilla Chan:
A post shared by Mark Zuckerberg (@zuck)
Also in attendance were Bill Gates (who met with Prime Minister Modi while there), Ivanka Trump, heads of state, and other billionaires. Just a next-level event.