The world learned of Watch Hill when Taylor Swift became a summertime resident, but Rhode Islanders have always been familiar with the charming, seaside town that boasts beautiful scenery and stunning, multi-million dollar estates.
One of those estates has hit the market, and if you have a few-million dollars to spare, here is your chance to be Swift’s neighbor.
The estate known as “Clarmar” in Watch Hill, Westerly, is up for grabs and it’s a breathtaking home that will have you living next to the most famous woman in the world.
It comes with 20 rooms including 12 bedrooms, eight full bathrooms,11 fireplaces and old-world craftsmanship at 16 Yosemite Valley Road.
For $4,750,000, it’s all yours.
Benjamin Ricci of Lenox Realty Group shares:
Entertain in its 2000sf glass veranda with deco chandeliers and vintage furnishings flowing into a main foyer with its walnut and iron staircase, to a barrel-vaulted great room with hand-painted fireplace which crosses into a formal dining room.
This estate is so grand that an elevator serves three of the four levels, and it even comes with a pub on the ground level.
The landscape is just as stunning as the home, which sits at one of the highest points in Watch Hill.
Taylor Swift has been a part-time resident of the neighborhood for about a decade. She once hosted a listening party there for lucky fans and has been known to throw quite the Fourth of July bash in the backyard, overlooking the ocean. She has apparently even been kind enough to lend the place to some famous friends.
Watch Hill, Westerly is a prestigious neighborhood in Rhode Island. Watch Hill Historic District is 629 acres of gorgeous land plotted with late 19th and 20th-century Revivals, bungalows and Late Victorian homes at the southernmost tip of the state.
But most importantly, you will be steps away from Swift’s getaway home.
Keep scrolling to take a look at this stunning home in the Ocean State.
Gallery Credit: Maddie 
Gallery Credit: Billy Dukes
Gallery Credit: Nancy Hall