A top Tory has been savagely mocked after telling MPs that a baby's teeth start growing a year-and-a-half before birth.
Former leadership contender Dame Andrea Leadsom made the bewildering remark during a Commons debate on the chronic shortage of NHS dentists. Health minister Dame Andrea told MPs: "I don't know if they don't know this, but actually you have teeth from before you're born so if you don't get your supervised toothbrushing until you're three at a minimum, your teeth are about four-and-a-half years old."
Former frontbencher Jess Phillips quipped: "My youngest was born with teeth but I don't feel they were (growing) inside me before his conception." And Shadow Health Secretary Wes Streeting wrote: "No wonder Rishi floated maths to 18."
Labour MP Toby Perkins said: "Sperm have teeth? Who knew?"
It came as ministers were told Taylor Swift tickets are easier to get than an NHS dental appointment. Tories were blasted over their failure to provide dentistry across the country, amid horror stories about people resorting to pulling out teeth.
Ashley Dalton, the Labour MP for West Lancashire, said: "It's easier to get your hands on Taylor Swift tickets in 2024, than it is to get an NHS dental appointment." Ms Dalton also said some of her constituents have been left feeling suicidal because they cannot access dental treatment.
The Labour MP said: "Under this Government, we have arrived at a now dismal state of NHS dentistry services. A member of the public contacted Healthwatch Lancashire recently, reporting that they're in so much pain that they're now feeling suicidal."
Tory MP Steve Brine, who chairs the Commons Health Select Committee, meanwhile urged ministers to come forward with a promised plan aimed at helping dentistry recover from the pandemic. He said: "There is still no date for the publication of (the) dental recovery plan - to my committee's continued frustration, it has to be said.
"If we don't solve this crisis, then we are going to continue to hear about this in the House and we are going to continue to hear about it from constituents. It also places additional pressures on already-stretched NHS services.
"So, today is too late for some dentists thinking of leaving, and for some patients who have run out of options. We have a short-term set of actions to help our constituents suffering real pain today, and obviously we need that fully reformed dental recovery plan hot on its heels, there can't be any further delay."
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.