Newsmax
OutKick on Tuesday welcomed author Nick Adams into its fold, possibly confirming one of the most absurd voices in political media might actually mean some of the things he says.
In his debut column on the platform founded by Clay Travis, Adams played some of his greatest hits: women need an alpha male, he is the alpha male that women need, and anyone saying otherwise is simply spouting “woke nonsense.”
He described this first piece as his way of establishing “some cold, hard facts.”
MAJOR ANNOUNCEMENT:
I am taking my talents to @Outkick and joining the team as a columnist. In my first piece, I establish some cold, hard facts.
Women don’t want soft men. Women want alpha males like Nick Adams!https://t.co/bTTDCbU9xM
— Nick Adams (Alpha Male) (@NickAdamsinUSA) March 5, 2024
A source clarified that Adams is a guest columnist at Outkick, not an employee.
Adams, originally from Sydney, Australia, got his big break in 2017 when then-President Donald Trump praised him for his book Green Card Warrior — in which Adams details his arduous journey acquiring said green card. He believes immigration officials conspired against him because of his conservative views.
Nick Adams new book, Green Card Warrior, is a must read. The merit-based system is the way to go. Canada, Australia! @foxandfriends
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 3, 2017
With his profile elevated by Trump’s endorsement, Adams has become a caricature of conservative commentary. He frequently boasts about being an alpha male and has a strange obsession with bashing pop stars Taylor Swift and Harry Styles to prop up Kid Rock.
Raise your children to be like Kid Rock and Kyle Rittenhouse, NOT Taylor Swift and Harry Styles!
— Nick Adams (Alpha Male) (@NickAdamsinUSA) August 30, 2022
Unlike Taylor Swift and Harry Styles, Kid Rock is one of the greatest musicians on planet earth.
— Nick Adams (Alpha Male) (@NickAdamsinUSA) March 22, 2022
Kid Rock, Ted Nugent, and Gene Simmons are each a million times MORE talented musicians than Harry Styles or Taylor Swift could ever DREAM of being!
— Nick Adams (Alpha Male) (@NickAdamsinUSA) July 5, 2021
Alpha males listen to Jason Aldean and Kid Rock, NOT Taylor Swift and Harry Styles.
— Nick Adams (Alpha Male) (@NickAdamsinUSA) October 21, 2022
He’s also at war with tapas, the Spanish dish he deems too “beta” for his liking.
Alpha males eat wings and drink beer at Hooters with the boys, Beta males nibble on tapas at Spanish Vegan cafes with their wives.
— Nick Adams (Alpha Male) (@NickAdamsinUSA) November 7, 2022
Hooters with the boys vs. vegan tapas with the wife. pic.twitter.com/FSMla7BKNC
— Nick Adams (Alpha Male) (@NickAdamsinUSA) August 24, 2023
His current pinned tweet is some bizarre video that shows him walking up to a convertible car full of women with beer in hand. After some driving, it’s revealed they’re actually in one of those amphibious cars that lets him drive into the water where it becomes a boat. Then, the women begin reading his new book Alpha Kings while he joyfully cruises around. They end up on a yacht to party and continue reading the book.
An average day in the life of an alpha male.
👉 https://t.co/TR7lxMqOkB pic.twitter.com/gkXTMSrb2q
— Nick Adams (Alpha Male) (@NickAdamsinUSA) January 17, 2024
His commentary has become so ridiculous that most assume it’s nothing more than an act. Others aren’t even sure if Adams exists.
Enough with the dunks, that Nick Adams guy is obviously doing a bit
— pixelatedboat aka “mr tweets” (@pixelatedboat) January 14, 2023
Hold up. Nick Adams is a real person? https://t.co/HDdI53IpZc
— John A. Daly (@JohnDalyBooks) April 29, 2023
While it’s been easy to brush it off as an over-the-top gimmick, Adams joining OutKick — an outlet that takes itself seriously for the most part — changes things. Does he actually view himself as some ideal specimen of masculinity? Does he actually despise Taylor Swift and delicious tapas as much as his hundreds of tweets about them would dictate?
Despite him doing multiple public appearances and TV spots, even I still have to ask: Is this actually a real person?
This is an opinion piece. The views expressed in this article are those of just the author. 

Have a tip or story idea? Email us.
 Or to keep it anonymous, click here.