If you’re a Swiftie, you will have been waiting patiently for June 13, 14 and – the days that Taylor Swift performs at Anfield as part of her record-breaking Eras tour.
It has become the highest grossing tour of all time, and the documentary made in tandem with the tour is now the most successful concert film ever – so it was no surprise that tickets to her Liverpool concert sold out in a matter of minutes. But maybe you couldn’t beat the rush to get tickets, you need a refresh on her music, or you just can’t wait to get your fill of Taylor’s latest hits. If so, were have some dates for you.
We’ve found Liverpool’s top events based around Taylor Swift and her music in the leadup to the much-anticipated concert. Whether you want a Swiftie club night, a bottomless brunch, or a cabaret show, you can find all of the details here to truly immerse yourself in all things Swift.
READ MORE: The Liverpool Echo Premium app is just £12 for 12 months for a limited time
READ MORE: Win an incredible airport experience and flights to your chosen destination with Liverpool John Lennon Airport
Swiftogeddon at the O2 Academy
In preparation for the Eras Tour coming to Liverpool, another famous event will be taking place at the O2 Academy. Swiftogeddon, a popular club night run by fans of Taylor Swift will be hosting a series of club nights leading up to the Anfield concerts.
With a total of five nights, each night will be dedicated to two of Taylor’s albums, and will also include some fan favourites. Starting on May 24, these events are the perfect way to celebrate her career from beginning to end.
Dates: Debut // Fearless - Friday, May 24
Speak Now // Red - Friday, May 31
1989 // Reputation - Saturday, June 1
Lover // Folklore - Friday, June 7
Evermore // Midnights - Saturday, June 8
Buy your tickets for the first night here: https://www.eventbrite.com/e/swiftogeddon-eras-tour-preparty-debutfearless-tickets-682095204117
Taylor Swift Bottomless Brunch at Cheers Big Ears
Perhaps you and your friends want to have a few drinks and a meal while listening to some of Taylor’s classics? If so, a Taylor Swift themed bottomless brunch would be the perfect option for you.
With live performances, an in-house DJ to ensure the best collection of hits, and free drinks and a meal to keep the good mood going, why not spend the afternoon at Cheers for brunch?
Date: Saturday, April 20
You can reserve your seats here: https://www.designmynight.com/liverpool/whats-on/food-drink/taylor-swift-bottomless-brunch-liverpool-20th-april-2024
FunnyBoyz Liverpool presents... Taylor Swift (themed night) at 63 Blundell St
If you want something with a little more extravagance, then look no further than the FunnyBoyz Taylor Swift themed Cabaret night, featuring drag queens, musical bingo and all of Taylor Swift’s best hits. There’s big variety in tickets – from simple cheap standing tickets, all the way to a VIP package that provides a meet and greet with the drag queens, free shots, preferential seating and a bingo ticket, so you can curate your experience exactly how you want it.
Date: Friday, April 26
You can buy your tickets here: https://www.eventbrite.com/e/funnyboyz-liverpool-presents-taylor-swift-themed-night-tickets-766282059267
Taylor Swift & Harry Styles Club Night – Modo
This night at Modo in Liverpool’s famous concert square is dedicated to Taylor Swift and her fellow pop icon Harry Styles. With four hours of music, you can celebrate the careers of two global superstars together at one of Liverpool’s hottest clubs.
Date: Friday, January 19
Get tickets here: https://www.eventbrite.com/e/taylor-swift-harry-styles-club-night-liverpool-tickets-765179300887
Swift Indie Disco – Electrik
Shindie at Electrik has been a staple of the cities clubbing scene for years – and now, in celebration of Taylor Swift’s Era tour, they’re hosting a special night dedicated to her. So why not grab an infamous Shindie sign and party the night away at Electrik to all of your favourite Taylor Swift songs?
Date: Thursday, June 13
Tickets are available here: https://www.fatsoma.com/e/t94dsony/shindie-swift-indie-disco-five-floors-of-music-loads-of-free-posters-indie-throwbacks-emo-alt-metal-hip-hop-rnb-disco
Receive the latest shopping news and reviews straight to your email by signing up here
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.