Taylor Swift was on Travis Kelce’s mind yesterday when he attended his brother Jason Kelce’s press conference to announce his retirement from football. And the Kansas City Chiefs player let the world know it. 
Kelce had two friendship bracelets on his wrist, a nod to how his love story with Swift began and her ongoing Eras tour. Swift is playing shows in Singapore this week. 
One appeared to have beads for his and Swift’s first initial, “T,” with a gold heart bead in between them. The second had Kelce’s name. In photos, it appeared to say, “Travis Kelce is a...” with the rest of the bracelet not visible. 
Kelce spoke on his and Jason Kelce’s podcast, New Heights, last July after Swift’s Oklahoma City Eras tour concert about how he tried to give her a friendship bracelet with his phone number on it. 
“I was disappointed that she doesn’t talk before or after her shows because she has to save her voice for the 44 songs that she sings. So I was a little butthurt I didn’t get to hand her one of the bracelets I made for her,” Kelce said. “If you’re up on Taylor Swift concerts, there are a friendship bracelets and I received a bunch of them being there, but I wanted to give Taylor Swift one with my number on it. All right now.”
“She doesn’t meet anybody and at least she didn’t want to meet me so I, um, I took that personal,” he continued. “But it was an unbelievable show and I’ve only seen Arrowhead filled like that for Chiefs games with that much excitement, and yeah, everybody was dressed in pink and purple going crazy. It was a wild show.”
Swift later addressed in her December Time interview how his remarks led to their first meeting. “This all started when Travis very adorably put me on blast on his podcast, which I thought was metal as hell,” she said. “We started hanging out right after that. So we actually had a significant amount of time that no one knew, which I’m grateful for, because we got to get to know each other. By the time I went to that first game [in September], we were a couple. I think some people think that they saw our first date at that game? We would never be psychotic enough to hard launch a first date.”
All We Know About Selena and Benny’s Wedding Plans
Selena on Getting Rash After First Kiss With Benny
Michelle Obama on Raising Kids in the White House
A Source Debunks Taylor and Travis Rumors
Why Meghan Has Secret Emails for Archie and Lili
All About Blue Ivy Carter 
Watch Rumi Carter Make Her Stage Debut
Ariana Grande and Ethan Slater’s Complete Timeline
Why Meghan Believes Her Love With Harry Will Last
Blake Lively Stepped Out in Two Pastel Looks
A Timeline of Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds’ Love
All About Malcolm, Anya’s Husband
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.