Global pop superstar Taylor Swift has confirmed that the long-awaited Eras Tour film will finally be released on a streaming service.


  The Eras Tour film was originally released for a limited run in cinemas across the UK in October 2023 allowing Swifty's the opportunity to watch the global tour on the big screen.


  The film even broke records, becoming the highest-grossing concert movie of all time with a record of $261.6 million box office and earned a nomination at the 2024 Golden Globes.


  The 'All Too Well' singer doesn't bring her Eras Tour to the UK until summer 2024 with shows in London, Cardiff, Edinburgh and Liverpool.


  But, ahead of her arrival, Swfit announced that she would be dropping the Eras Film on Disney Plus.


























                    View this post on Instagram
                
























A post shared by Taylor Swift (@taylorswift)






A post shared by Taylor Swift (@taylorswift)


  The 'Karma' singer even confirmed an extra special treat for fans, adding in new songs that were not part of the cinematic release.


  Confirming that the Eras Tour would be dropping earlier than expected, Swift shared: "I’m delighted to tell you that you’ll be able to watch Taylor Swift | The Eras Tour (My Version) a few hours earlier than expected!


  "Experience the ENTIRE concert film for the first time ever, beginning to end, including “Cardigan” and FOUR new acoustic songs on @disneyplus starting March 14th at 6pm PT."


RECOMMENDED READING


  Taylor Swift's concert film will be released on to the streaming service Disney Plus on March 14 at 6pm PT, which means that in the UK, it should come out at 2am on March 15.


  Alongside the early release date, Swift confirmed that four new songs would be added coming from her 'acoustic' part of the Eras Tour.


  Although not confirmed, the latest trailer hinted that the popular hit 'Maroon' would be added to the setlist.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.