Sunny. High 74F. Winds N at 10 to 15 mph..
                                
Clear skies. Low 48F. Winds NE at 5 to 10 mph.
 Updated: May 3, 2025 @ 10:33 am
Digital reporter
Amelia and Sorcha Bell draw with chalk outside of Patchouli Joe’s Books & Indulgences in Denton in 2022.
There are so many events happening around Denton this weekend for locals and visitors to relax and enjoy with friends and family.
Here’s what to expect this weekend: Take a look inside the Oscar Mayer Wienermobile during Norman Roscoe’s Cedar Street Bash, attend the Independent Author Festival at Patchouli Joe’s Books & Indulgences and sing along to Taylor Swift songs with a tribute act at Dan’s Silverleaf.
Where: Denton Civic Center, 321 E. McKinney St., and more
When: Friday through Sunday
Tickets: Prices vary. Some events are free.
The 39th annual Texas Storytelling Festival continues through Sunday as it features great storytelling, poetry slams, workshops and activities.
This year’s festival features 50 storytellers, free and family-friendly events, and exclusive events for ticketed attendees.
While New York metal band Incendiary’s show is sold out at Rubber Gloves Rehearsal Studios, the music venue will host various shows throughout the weekend, including Reblog, a night of indie music, on Friday. Dance along to tracks from bands like Arctic Monkeys, Foster the People, Crystal Castles, LCD Soundsystem and more. Reblog starts at 10 p.m. Friday, and cover is $10 at the door.
Swifties should head to Dan’s Silverleaf on Saturday for two hours of nonstop Taylor Swift hits during a show by the Reputation: A Tribute to Taylor. Show starts at 9 p.m. Tickets cost $20.
Andy’s Bar will feature Cosmic Frownies and the Sycophants on Friday for $10. More shows can be found online.
Where: North Lakes Driving Range, 2009 W Windsor Drive
When: 5 to 8 p.m. Friday
Price: $20
Hit unlimited golf balls starting at 5 p.m. As soon as the sun goes down, the putting green field will become a glowing golf scene.
Participants can also compete in the “closest to the pin” challenge, which includes prizes for the winner.
The Oscar Meyer Wienermobile, shown in 2010 at Kroger on Loop 288, will be heading to downtown Denton for Norman Roscoe’s Cedar Street Bash on Saturday.
Where: 200 Cedar St.
When: Noon to 8 p.m. Saturday
The downtown screen printing, design and gift shop is hosting an all-day party with live music, food and local vendors and one not-so-local — the Oscar Mayer Wienermobile. Take tour of the inside and take plenty of photos with this iconic vehicle.
Where: La Fondita, 3969 Teasley Lane, Suite 1300
When: 9 p.m. Saturday until 1 a.m.
Dance all night while enjoying drinks and tacos at this Mexican restaurant.
Where: Patchouli Joe’s Books & Indulgences, 221 W. Hickory St.
When: Noon to 5 p.m. Saturday
More than 20 independent authors will be in the downtown bookstore to sell and sign copies of their books. Additionally, there will be other vendors selling book-related items.
Where: Various locations in downtown Denton
When: 1 to 4 p.m. Saturday
Price: $30
Enjoy samples of unique crafted beer from up to 15 stops in downtown Denton.
While you’re at it, make sure to meet Denton Deputy Fire Marshal Gary Weiland, who’s raising money ahead of running the Boston Marathon for the charity that provided his prosthetic leg.
Weiland will sell his children’s books and shirts at Discover Denton, where the Shamrock Shufflers start. Proceeds from sales of his books and shirts will go toward his fundraiser for 50 Legs in 50 Days.
Weiland’s goal is to raise $12,500 by the day of the marathon on April 15.
Where: Oak St. Drafthouse & Cocktail Parlor, 308 E Oak St.
When: 11 a.m. Sunday
Celebrate a milestone with others at the downtown Denton bar. Expect drink specials, live music starting at 1 p.m. and food specials from Picone restaurant.

                            Your support helps us give you what you want to know in Denton County. A gift of as little as $5 makes a difference.
                        
JUAN BETANCOURT can be reached at juan.betancourt@dentonrc.com.
Digital reporter
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers:
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Your essential companion for starting the day in Denton. Delivered fresh to your inbox every morning, Wake Up gives you a curated snapshot of local news for the day, as well as the day’s e-edition and trending stories you may have missed.
Sign up for the Denton Record-Chronicle's absolutely free weekly newsletter highlighting winners and finalists from the 2024 Best of Denton awards.
Your weekly guide to surviving college and thriving in Denton. Find things to do, adulting tips, school advice, local news and more exclusive content in your inbox every Tuesday afternoon.
There's always something going on in Denton! Check out what's on the local events calendar and plan a fun weekend with friends, family or even solo.
Get your puzzle fix! Get a roundup of the 10+ puzzles and games available from the Denton Record-Chronicle for free. Classic crosswords, Sudoku and other brain-busters are new every day. Try Puzzmo, too, the latest in puzzles and word games with a Wordle vibe.
From minor traffic accidents to neighborhood watch updates, stay informed on public safety with the week’s top crime stories in your inbox every Wednesday morning.
Don’t miss out on breaking news in Denton, from weather and traffic to big events and important headlines.
Be the first to know the latest on new stores, restaurants and other businesses in Denton County so you can live better here.
Get the scoop on all the thrilling victories, nail-biting games and standout performances — straight from the sidelines of Denton-area high schools.
From touchdowns to buzzer-beaters, we bring you the highlights and updates from our hometown college teams. Get in-depth breakdowns of games, roster news, behind-the-scenes updates and more.
Prepare for the polls and stay informed on the candidates, issues and deadlines for Denton County’s key races.
Save money and find what you need with promotions from local businesses and special DRC offers.
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.