By MARY MRAD FOR DAILY MAIL AUSTRALIA 
 Published:  22:39, 7 March 2024   |  Updated:  06:01, 8 March 2024   
 60
View  comments
Travis Kelce is believed to be heading to Singapore to support girlfriend Taylor Swift as she continues her Eras Tour.
The NFL star is on his way to Asia with his friends to spend time with the superstar and attend her concert, ET reported.
One of Kelce's friends Harry Clark posted a video on his Instagram of the skyline as they landed in the city.
Swift has sold-out six nights at the 55,000-seat National Stadium in Singapore, with her final show taking place on Saturday.
She headed to Asia after performing in Australia last month, with Kelce joining her in Sydney during the tour.
Travis Kelce is believed to be heading to Singapore to support girlfriend Taylor Swift as she continues her Eras Tour
The pair were spotted enjoying a date at Sydney Zoo before Travis watched his girlfriend perform in front of thousands of adoring fans at Sydney's Accor Stadium.
The NFL star then flew back to Vegas, where he continued his Super Bowl celebrations with the likes of Patrick Mahomes while still on a high after Kansas City's dramatic victory over the San Francisco 49ers.
And after a quick trip back to home-city Cleveland on Tuesday, where he and brother Jason watched their beloved Cavaliers beat the Boston Celtics, Kelce is now heading to Singapore to link up with Swift again.
Kelce will likely be in attendance for at least one of Swift's shows when he completes the 9,500-mile trip from Cleveland to Singapore.
The NFL star is on his way to Asia with his friends to spend time with the superstar and attend her concert, ET reported
Meanwhile, Swift left fans concerned after appearing to nurse a cold during her first show in Singapore.
The American pop superstar was seen coughing as she performed during the Singapore leg of her Eras Tour at National Stadium.
The clip showed Swift cough and then clear her throat while she was performing her song Delicate.
She headed to Asia after performing in Australia last month, with Kelce joining her in Sydney during the tour
Fans were quick to chime in in the comments, including American rapper Lil Uzi Vert, who wrote, 'Hope she's okay for real'.
'I was there and so worried about Taylor,' one Swiftie commented while another said, 'Oooh no she needs some rest'.
'You can hear a raspy tone in her voice, she also seems more calm and reserved in her movements. The show must go on... a queen,' said another. 
'I hope she's okay. Take some rest Taylor as soon as possible. We love you! Stay safe and well,' someone else wrote. 
Taylor is believed to be staying in the glorious Capella resort while she is touring Singapore
Taylor is believed to be staying in the Capella resort's gorgeous Colonial Manor 
Originally built in the 1880s, the stunning Old-Style pad consists of a pair of vintage bungalows which have been converted into one sprawling three-bedroom suite
The accommodation is priced at an eye-watering AU$21,000-a night
The resort is situated on Sentosa island and boasts magnificent views 
Capella was built on the site of a British army base, which was originally constructed in 1880s and combines heritage buildings with new ultra-chic buildings

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group