We love that "Karma is the guy on the Chiefs."

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

We love “the guy on the Chiefs,” and I think it’s safe to say that seeing Taylor Swift’s boyfriend Travis Kelce jamming out at the Eras Tour has made us adore him even more. The Swifties love the Kansas City Chiefs tight end so much that they aren’t just showing their appreciation for his viral “Karma” and dancing moments, they’re also coming to his defense after he was seen texting during the show. 
As Taylor Swift performed her fifth show in Singapore, Travis Kelce was spotted in a suite dancing along to her music with his friends. However, during the Red set, a fan, via karmaisacat.1989 on TikTok, got a video of the football player texting during “I Knew You Were Trouble.” The text over the video read “It’s giving supportive bf” with the side-eye emoji. 
Quickly after that video circulated, Swifties came to the tight end’s defense. Many wrote things along the same lines as this comment:
This man flew 20 hours to watch a show he’s seen now 3 times to support her. You girlies be getting upset over nothing!!
Many also noted that everyone does this, and it was totally normal for Kelce to check his phone during the concert. 
As someone who went to the Eras Tour, I’m with them. I know I checked my phone at least once because, as the fans pointed out, this concert is super duper long: 
Along with all this, many fans noted that Kelce has seen the show many times. Like Swift, who traveled from Japan to Las Vegas for the Super Bowl, Kelce has been jet-setting around the world to support his girlfriend, and he’s seen the show on three different continents, as some Swifties noted: 
Basically, Swifties are saying that the criticism over this is silly, and that Kelce wasn’t doing anything bad at all. They also reiterated their enthusiasm for the football player when he went viral again during “Karma.” 
Your Daily Blend of Entertainment News
Taylor Swift’s fans have posted videos of Travis Kelce handing out guitar picks, catching friendship bracelets and dancing the night away left and right. However, a major fan favorite moment has been the singer calling out her boyfriend during “Karma.” During her fifth show in Singapore (the same one Kelce was seen texting at), a fan caught him dancing on camera as she sang “Karma is the guy on the Chiefs” and it’s everything:
With over 4.5 million views, Swifties couldn’t get enough of this adorable moment as they commented things like:
Every Surprise Song Taylor Swift Plays On The Eras Tour
The Orange Door At The End Of Taylor Swift's Eras Tour: Theories And Speculation About What It Could Mean
So, not only are Swifties coming to Travis Kelce’s defense, but they’re also continuing to shower him in love as fun viral moments like “Karma is the guy on the Chiefs” keep happening. 
Basically, what I’m saying is, the Swifties aren’t losing any sleep over the NFL star checking his phone. That’s because not only is it something everyone does, he’s also shown over and over again that he absolutely loves watching the Eras Tour and cheering on Taylor Swift. 
Considering Taylor Swift’s list of upcoming projects, I imagine we’ll be seeing more support from Kelce as she releases her new album The Tortured Poets Department on April 19, drops the Eras Tour Concert film for those with a Disney+ subscription on March 15 and continues to tour around the world for the rest of the year. 
Riley Utley is the Weekend Editor at CinemaBlend. She has written for national publications as well as daily and alt-weekly newspapers in Spokane, Washington, Syracuse, New York and Charleston, South Carolina. She graduated with her master’s degree in arts journalism and communications from the Newhouse School at Syracuse University. Since joining the CB team she has covered numerous TV shows and movies -- including her personal favorite shows Ted Lasso and The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel. She also has followed and consistently written about everything from Taylor Swift to Fire Country, and she's enjoyed every second of it.
'No One Would Ever Expect This': Rihanna Revealed Her Favorite Met Gala Looks, And One Was An Afterparty Gown That Involved Butt Cleavage
Fire Country Season 3 Ended With Cliffhangers And Some Major Exits. Now, I Have A Bunch Of Questions About Season 4 
A Big Taylor Swift Milestone Quietly Came And Went In April

Cinemablend is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.