The mission of the Media Research Center is to document and combat the falsehoods and censorship of the news media, entertainment media and Big Tech in order to defend and preserve America's founding principles and Judeo-Christian values. The MRC is a research and education organization operating under Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code, and contributions to the MRC are tax-deductible.
© 2005-2025, Media Research Center. All Rights Reserved.
Press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre has it easier than her predecessors.
They often became comic foils for late-night hosts or “Saturday Night Live.”
Sometimes both.
Consider how satirists pounced and seized on President Donald Trump’s press secretary Sean Spicer after just a few short months in the gig.
Sarah Huckabee Sanders proved far more capable in the gig. She, too, got pummeled by satirical comics.
Comedians won’t lay a glove on Jean-Pierre. That’s despite the way she constantly flips through her notes to answer basic questions. Her predecessor, Jen Psaki, proved far more competent.
One comedian noticed Jean-Pierre’s curious skill set, and his podcast is arguably the biggest show around.
The host of “The Joe Rogan Experience” teed off on the woman known as KJP on his latest episode. 
Rogan, chatting with conservative activist Christopher Rufo, explored the likely 2024 presidential rematch between Presidents Joe Biden and Donald Trump.
The mind behind Austin’s Comedy Mothership club noted, once again, that Biden is too old to be campaigning for a second term.
“He’s so frail that he’s transparent … to the point where the White House Press Secretary accidentally Tweeted as him from her account,” Rogan said. “I love it when that happens because, thank you, I was wondering, now I know. I kinda had a feeling it was you.”
Joe Rogan to Karine Jean-Pierre: You Should Be Fired
The podcaster then went from the rhetorical kill.
“Has there ever been a worse press secretary [than Jean-Pierre]?” he asked. “How did she get that job? She’s so bad at convincing people.”
There’s a bunch of hard-core, ideologically driven left-wing pundits that are on YouTube that would do a much better job, and they would be psycho about it, and the Left would be like, ‘Yeah!’ She’s not the one. She’s f***ing terrible at it. She gets called out for stuff all the time. She gets set up for stuff all the time. Like [Fox News White House Correspondent] Peter Doocy is always setting her up.”
DOOCY TIME: “President Biden has said a possible endorsement by Taylor Swift is classified How disappointed is he that she is telling people to vote, but not for him?”
KJP: “Gonna be very careful. We're talking about 2024. And so, I can't comment on what Taylor Swift is saying… pic.twitter.com/7ZwH4bxtUi
“And she’s only really challenged by one person in the briefing room, and she manages to bungle it up on the daily,” Rufo said.
“There’s so much madness she has to cover up,” Rogan said, partially defending her.


Donor Privacy Policy



								The mission of the Media Research Center is to document and combat the falsehoods and censorship of the news media, entertainment media and Big Tech in order to defend and preserve America's founding principles and Judeo-Christian values. The MRC is a research and education organization operating
								under Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code, and contributions to the MRC are
								tax-deductible.
							
Company
MRC Programs
Legal
Features
CONNECT
Sign up for our NB Daily newsletter to receive the latest news Monday through Friday.

					© 2005-2025, Media Research Center. All Rights Reserved.