Survivor 46 has showcased the fun that Siga Tribe is having in Fiji.
The first two episodes have featured them having fun, with the latest episode showcasing a name-that-song battle between Ben Katzman and Charlie Davis.
Charlie is a huge Taylor Swift fan, while Ben prefers Metallica. The duo then took turns naming more than 100 songs by their preferred artist. It was something to behold.
But beneath the fun this tribe appears to be having — aided by winning safety at the first two Immunity Challenges — some drama appears to be bubbling up.
Eventually, the Siga members will have to go to a Tribal Council. Whether it’s as a tribe in an upcoming episode or later on when the tribes have merged, they will all have to face the music.
A new clip released by CBS hints at some of the unspoken drama occurring within the tribe and how things could get very spicy if Siga loses a challenge.
Moriah Gaynor, Tim Spicer, Maria Gonzalez, Charlie Davis, Jem Hussain-Adams, and Ben Katzman are the six members of Siga. They have performed well in challenges and have good chemistry at camp.
In the new Survivor 46 clip shared below, Tim expresses interest in talking strategy with the tribe, but he can’t get people to open up. They seem to prefer chatting about life back home and cracking jokes about being on the show.
Tim and Ben are shown chatting and worrying about the women, not revealing pertinent information. Later, we see Jem and Moriah have a similar chat, where they are worried about Tim and Ben as a duo and are ready to expose them.
It appears that Maria, Moriah, Jem, and Charlie are ready to be a foursome that targets Ben and Tim the first chance they get. Will the women stick together? And is Charlie ready to turn on Ben?
Take a look at the clip and see what you think! And yes, it could get complicated if people ever have to vote for Maria or Moriah at a Tribal Council. Spelling matters!
Here is a recap from Survivor 46 Episode 2, in case anyone needs reminders. Another person got voted out at the Tribal Council.
Jelinsky also stated that Q wanted to quit the Sweat Challenge first. He said this during a new interview following his one episode of Survivor 46.
Below is a clip of the Siga Tribe doing a song battle between Taylor Swift and Metallica.
A post shared by Survivor (@survivorcbs)
Previous episodes of Survivor 46 are available for streaming on Paramount+. 
Survivor 46 airs Wednesday at 8/7c on CBS.
The link above is an affiliate link. This means that for any qualifying purchase you make, we may earn a small commission, at no additional cost to you.
Δ
Δ

Instagram


Twitter


YouTube


Facebook