World-famous pop star Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce enjoyed a night out on the town as they celebrated the last Singapore dates of her Eras Tour.
The global superstar wrapped up the final two shows on the Southeast Asia leg of her world tour with Travis there to cheer her on and now the couple both have a considerable chunk of free time to spend with one another uninterrupted. The pair seemed to be enjoying a date night close to a mall as they were spotted by friends riding around the grounds in a golf cart.
Fans cheered the pair on as they passed them and went about their night. The couple were also spotted dining out at a lavish Japanese eaterie, KOMA, joined by some of her bandmates. Travis and Taylor then strolled through the empty mall hand in hand, stopping to embrace along the way, seemingly leaning in for a kiss.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US .
READ MORE: Inside Taylor Swift's £11,000-a-night villa in Singapore with its own rainforest
Travis is currently in off-season time from his NFL team the Kansas City Chiefs after they won the Super Bowl in Las Vegas last month. Taylor meanwhile doesn't have any further tour dates scheduled until she hits Paris in May, leaving the lovebirds with plenty of time to relax and do whatever they want together.
While in Singapore, the couple have once again surrounded themselves with the finer things in life for the trip - this time staying at the elaborate Capella Resort. The residence is situated on Sentosa Island and comprises of an array of different accommodation choices including luxurious villas and suites.
Taylor has been resting in her downtime between shows at the Colonial Manor costing a not too shabby £11,000-a night. The vintage building dates back to the 1880s and comprises of two bungalows which have been converted into one grand three-bedroom suite.
The Manor has a king size bed in each room and enough space for six adults and one child to stay there, with multiple living and study areas available and a separate dining room. It also features a private pool, a rainforest shower and an entertainment terrace as well as a huge master bedroom complete with a walk-in wardrobe.
The Capella has merged the old with the new being built on the site of a British army base and combining older buildings with new modern ones. It is surrounded by bushland and the resort also boasts a beach club, marina and golf course.
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.