OMAHA, Neb. (WOWT/Gray News) - It’s a movie that hasn’t been seen in decades, missing for so long that many didn’t even know it existed. 
That is, until it turned up in Omaha, Nebraska.
On a projector in a Kansas City home, Gary Huggins cues up a recent discovery.
“I was relieved to find it wouldn’t explode!”, he said.
Huggins soon refocused his attention from the technical to find something he definitely wasn’t expecting.
“Wow, I think I’ve discovered this film that nobody’s seen in at least 50 years, if not 100,” Huggins said.
Huggins, a filmmaker himself, picked up the film at an auction in Omaha last year.
“There was a distributor that had been in Omaha for decades that had gone out of business a while ago and this auction house had some of their films, and so I drove up just for that just to see what was up there,” Huggins said.
Everything at the sale that day needed to be sold.
“On one table, there were eight or nine stacks, about 3 or 4 feet high of films,” he said.
It was an old cartoon on one pile that caught Huggins’ eye, but to get it, he had to buy the whole stack.
“The stack was $20. It was the best 20 I’ve ever invested, for sure,” Huggins said.
In that stack that Huggins bought was a silent film from 1923.
“That was a big rush when I realized it was a Clara Bow,” he said.
Clara Bow biographer David Stenn said she was the most popular film start of the late-1920s.
“The fact that this film was discovered a century after it was made, when does that happen?” he said.
Stenn, who wrote a book on Bow called “Clara Bow: Runnin’ Wild,” referred to her as the first sex symbol in American film.
“Men wanted to have her and women wanted to be her,” he said. “You have to imagine a time when the idea of a woman having independence and autonomy didn’t exist, and you went to the movies and saw Clara Bow. She was really the first truly liberated woman on screen.”
Before the 1950s, movies were made using nitrate; a combustible, unstable chemical. Thousands of movies decomposed because of it.
“So, I thought we’ll never find this film,” Stenn said.
Stenn estimates that 80% of all silent movies have been lost due to the unstable chemicals used to make them, including about half of the movies Clara Bow was in. Throughout his career as a film preservationist, Stenn has helped find and restore at least three films she starred in.
“It’s so rare, it’s so obscure,” he said. “It was made by an independent studio. It was made in Queens, New York.”
What Huggins bought in a parking lot in Omaha that day turned out to be a master copy from an original nitrate film printed on safety stock.
“It’s completely mint and perfect,” Huggins said.
While the internet seems to know everything, this movie called “The Pill Pounder” was nowhere to be found when Huggins went looking for more information on what he had playing on the projector inside his home.
“Usually, when you look up a film online, somebody has something to say about it,” he said.
At the time, he also didn’t know he had just found the only known copy of the film.
“It’s kind of amazing,” Huggins said.
As Bow’s biographer, Stenn had exclusive access to the young actress’ private papers. He said she did so many films in such a short amount of time, not even she mentioned ‘The Pill Pounder’ in her work.
Stenn said he believes she even forgot she filmed the comedy short.
Huggins later sold the print to Stenn.
“When someone said to me, ‘Would you be interested in a print of ‘The PIll Pounder?’', I assumed they were making fun of me because I thought, ‘Would I be interested? It would be a miracle,’ and it is a miracle,” Stenn said.
The film is one of Bow’s earliest works and is the earliest film of hers they now have.
Stenn explained how the film likely ended up in Omaha.
“What happened in the late 1950s and 60s was people would rent silent films for the whole market ,and silent film comedies, they would take them and they would make digest versions that you could buy a print and show it on your 16mm projector at home. They would make 16mm prints from the original 35mm prints, and somehow the original camera negative, the negative from the camera, you can not get more of the essential source than that, was sent to a film lab where they made prints from it. The prints were then sent to a store called Modern Sound in Omaha.”
Stenn paid for the film to be restored. This April, it will re-premiere at the San Francisco Silent Film Festival. That will be the first time it’s been shown on the big screen in 101 years.
“I would love to see it, just to see what it looks like. Just to imagine a film made 101 years ago could look that good, be preserved that well. It’s really like a time machine. You’re going back in time,” said Bruce Crawford, a film historian in Omaha.
Crawford, who has invited Omahans to watch classic movies and hear from those involved in their making for more than 30 years, compares Clara Bow to a modern-day superstar.
“Clara Bow — like I said, she was not quite Taylor Swift-like. But she was really super popular back in the 20s,” Crawford said. “She was a phenomenal person.”
Speaking of Taylor Swift, the film’s resurgence is serendipitous. Just months after it was found, Swift announced her upcoming album. The 16th song on the track list is called “Clara Bow.”
“She influenced her entire generation and successive generations after her. So in the 1930s, everyone said Jean Harlow is the new Clara Bow. In the 1940s, it was Rita Hayworth, and in the 50s, Marilyn Monroe and it went on and on and on,” Stenn said. “She didn’t break the mold, she created the mold.”
Now, thanks to lost film and new music, someone much of the world has forgotten about will finally be reintroduced.
And for Huggins, who unknowingly bought the film for just $20?
“The second wow is, I think I can maybe trade this for a ticket to Tokyo,” Huggins said.
That’s where he needs to be for the premiere of his own film, called “Kick Me,” which is being released later this month.
And now, because of Clara Bow, he’s able to be there in person.
Huggins and Stenn say this isn’t the end of the Clara Bow film saga in Omaha.
“They cut the 20-minute version down to an 11-minute version,” Huggins said. “This version is complete, it’s got a beginning, middle and end, but there’s parts missing.”
“It’s quite possible that the full-length version of ‘The Pill Pounder’ is somewhere still in Omaha, because the distribution company had that version, so there were many many reels at that auction, there were a lot of people there who walked away with stuff, so it’s possible that the full, uncut version of ‘The Pill Pounder’ is somewhere there still.”
Copyright 2024 WOWT via Gray Media Group, Inc. All rights reserved.