Manage your account
The singer is currently taking part in a six-night residency in the country
James Gourley/Shutterstock; Ashok Kumar/TAS24/Getty
Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce are spending quality time together in Singapore.
The pair were spotted on a casual date night at a mall in the country in fan footage posted on Instagram Thursday.
In the clip, the fans caught sight of Swift and Kelce, both 34, sitting together in a golf cart parked outside of the shopping center.
“Hi, Taylor! Can we just say ‘Hi?,’ ” one of the fans said, as Swift, who had her arm around Kelce, looked towards them.
Marcelo Endelli/TAS23/Getty, Leon Bennett/Getty
Related: Travis Kelce Attends Night 5 of Taylor Swift's Eras Tour in Singapore
Someone else in the group then said to Travis, “Congrats Travis. Congrats,” referring to his Super Bowl win with the Kansas City Chiefs last month.
“Taylor, we love you!” the first fan then shouted to Swift as the singer waved back. “See you tomorrow!” they added as Swift and Travis smiled back at them before driving off.
“I was enchanted to meet you @taylorswift ✨✨✨,” the fans wrote in their joint caption.
Tim Nwachukwu/Getty
Related: Taylor Swift Runs into Travis Kelce's Arms for a Kiss After Changing 'Karma' Lyrics at Singapore Eras Tour Night 5
Swift and Kelce were also captured embracing during their mall date and walking hand-in-hand in photos shared by a Swift fan account on X, formerly Twitter.
The pair’s sighting at the mall in Singapore took place after Kelce jetted into the country earlier this week to catch Swift on the fifth night of her six-night residency in the country.
During the show, Swift showed her appreciation for Kelce as she changed the lyrics of "Karma" to shout him out once again, singing on stage, per fan videos, “Karma is the guy on the Chiefs coming straight home to me."
Ashok Kumar/TAS24/Getty
After her performance, Swift ran into Travis' arms after waiting backstage for her, and the pair hugged and shared a couple of sweet kisses, per a video shared to social media.
Never miss a story — sign up for PEOPLE's free daily newsletter to stay up-to-date on the best of what PEOPLE has to offer, from celebrity news to compelling human interest stories.
Kelce's stop in Singapore comes after an emotional visit to Philadelphia, where he watched his brother, Jason Kelce, announce his retirement from professional football.
Kelce last supported Swift on tour in Sydney during her three nights performing in the Australian city. During his time there, the athlete was seen handing out guitar picks and cheered on Swift from a VIP tent.
The pair were then spotted kissing backstage after the show.
For more People news, make sure to sign up for our newsletter!
Read the original article on People.