By ADAM LEVY FOR DAILYMAIL.COM and JUSTIN ENRIQUEZ and SARAH SOTOODEH FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  22:34, 11 March 2024   |  Updated:  22:43, 11 March 2024   
 62
View  comments
Megan Fox shared a close up video of herself after a glam session, amid speculation over her changing looks.
The movie star, 37, rocked cat eye makeup and pouty pink lips for her Instagram stories.
Megan sported her pink dyed locks, styled into softly twisted waves.
Her glammed up close up videos comes weeks after she looked unrecognizable at the Super Bowl in Las Vegas.
Megan Fox shared a close up video of herself after a glam session, amid speculation over her changing looks
The mother of three wore a sheer black turtleneck top, adding a large gem ring and aura style nails
Megan appeared to be getting ready for Jay-Z and Beyonce's post-Oscars after-party in Los Angeles, which took place at Chateau Marmont.
The mother of three wore a sheer black turtleneck top, adding a large gem ring and aura style nails.
She covered up her newly unveiled full tatted arm sleeve. 
Oscars after party with 33-year-old fiance Machine Gun Kelly, also known as MGK. 
Their sighting comes just days after they enjoyed a romantic getaway to Mexico, where the couple enjoyed scuba diving together.
Megan's face has come under scrutiny after she shocked fans with her unrecognizable appearance at the Super Bowl last month. 
The star was celebrating with MGK, Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce after Travis and the Kansas City Chiefs won the Super Bowl - enjoying a night out at Zouk nightclub postgame in Las Vegas. 
The movie star, 37, rocked cat eye makeup and pouty pink lips for her Instagram stories
Megan sported her pink dyed locks, styled into softly twisted waves
Megan appeared to be getting ready for Jay-Z and Beyonce's post-Oscars after-party in Los Angeles, which took place at Chateau Marmont
A photo circulated of the Megan, MGK, Taylor and Travis, posted by Joe Oravec, managing partner of Barley House Cleveland. 
In the pic, the Transformers actress and pop punk rapper flashed peace signs, as she sported pink hair worn up, a spiked collar necklace and a black shirt with an image of a skeleton's hand.
A number of fans remarked that Fox presented a drastically-different appearance than what they're accustomed to, going as so far as it question if it was even her.
Some social media users implied that Fox's new look was the result of plastic surgery. 
Megan responded to critics about her changing appearance, attributing it to a 'shadowy' photo.
However, in the same rebuttal, she sparked controversy by proudly proclaiming that 'in reality' she resembles a 'super expensive silicone real sex dolls you can only get in Japan' and that the 'shadowy cell phone pic' made her look like a 'Ukrainian blowup doll.'
Megan Fox went viral on social media last month after this photo emerged, with some fans branding her unrecognizable  
Megan and Machine Gun Kelly posed with Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce at Zouk nightclub in Las Vegas to celebrate the Kansas City Chiefs Super Bowl win 
Megan was accused of being 'xenophobic' while defending her apparent changing appearance in an unflattering photo, likening herself to a 'Ukrainian blowup doll'
Fox was pictured in Las Vegas last month (L); in Los Angeles in December of 2019 (center) and in September of 2014 in Australia 
Megan has undergone a huge transformation in the past few months, opting to dye her hair pink and get a full tattoo sleeve; seen February 18
She wrote: 'Oh my god guys look how different i…dont look at all,' she began her bizarre post. 'Turns out it was just a shadowy cell phone pic of me looking like a Ukrainian blowup doll. when in REALITY i look like one of those super expensive silicone real sex dolls you can only get in Japan.' 
Fans quickly slammed star for her insult to Ukrainian women, calling it unnecessary.
Megan has three children with ex-husband Brian Austin Green: Noah, 10, Bodhi, nine, and Journey, six. 
Megan and MGK started dating in 2020 after she split from Brian following 10 years of marriage.
They got engaged in January 2022 with the couple briefly splitting in February 2023 but working things out soon after by April of that same year - going from strength to strength since.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group