By SEAN POULTER 
 Published:  21:07, 11 March 2024   |  Updated:  21:35, 11 March 2024   
 4
View  comments
Taylor Swift has helped put vinyl records back in a basket of goods used to measure inflation.
It was 1992 and Whitney Houston was top of the charts with I Will Always Love You when vinyl was last among such items.
But now it is back in the official basket, thanks in part to Ms Swift's 2023 release of a new version of her album 1989. It was the best-selling LP on vinyl last year.
Millions switched away from LPs in favour of CDs in the 1990s and they in turn were superseded by iPods and then streaming services such as Spotify. However, a hipster-generated vinyl revival has seen the return of record players and record shops.
Joining vinyl in the Office for National Statistics shopping basket this year are air fryers, which have won admirers because they are more economical and healthier to use than a traditional oven.
Taylor Swift has helped put vinyl records back in the shopping basket of goods to measure inflation
Her 2023 release of a new version of her album 1989 was the best-selling vinyl LP last year
Vinyl LPs were last in the inflation shopping basket in 1992 when Whitney Houston topped the charts with I Will Always Love You
The return of vinyl shows how cultural revivals are impacting our spending, the ONS said
The ONS said: 'The air fryer has cemented its place on many a kitchen counter over the last few years. The energy-saving aspect as well as the health benefits of cooking with less oil have made this item very appealing to consumers.'
The success of the air fryer has also led to bottles of pump-action spray oil being added to the basket. 
Gluten-free bread is in this year – amid an apparent rise in the number of consumers who report being wheat and gluten intolerant – as well as rice cakes, which are considered a relatively healthy snack.
Dropping out of the basket are sofa beds and hand sanitiser – the latter a reflection of the fact people are less fearful about Covid. 
Taylor Swift performing at the National Stadium in Singapore on March 2
Vinyl has seen an increased following in recent years having previously been in decline since the 90s
Vinyl records have joined air fryers and gluten free bread in the inflation shopping basket, while supermarket rotisserie chickens and roasting tins are out (Stock Image)
Also gone are supermarket rotisserie chickens. Bakeware and roasting tins are being dropped because home cooks are baking and roasting less.
The ONS adds and removes items from the inflation basket to take account of some products being under or over represented.
Matt Corder of the ONS said: 'The return of vinyl records shows how cultural revivals can affect our spending. We are also seeing the impact of the pandemic fading from the basket.
'Healthier lifestyle products continue to influence consumer choice reflected by the addition of the air fryer, spray oils and rice cakes as well as sunflower and pumpkin seeds.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group