Taylor Swift kisses Kansas City Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce after the NFL Super Bowl 58 football game against the San Francisco 49ers, Sunday, Feb. 11, 2024, in Las Vegas.  (AP Photo/Brynn Anderson)AP
Taylor Swift doesn’t only come alive on stage in front of millions of fans, it seems as though the “Shake It Off” crooner can also make miracles in the kitchen, too.
And her talents with baking have unexpectedly landed her a potentially sweet deal.
During an episode of NFL by NBC, it was revealed that not only does Swift whip meals up in the kitchen for boyfriend Travis Kelce, but his teammates were lucky enough to enjoy her cooking as well.
The revelation came from Kansas City Chiefs coach Andy Reid, who gushed about the time the “Just Say Yes” singer presented them with Pop-Tarts.
The twist: They were her own, homemade renditions of the childhood breakfast pastry.
“Kind of behind-the-scenes, she, to fit in — she didn’t even know she was doing this, I don’t think — she likes to cook, so she made the offensive linemen homemade Pop-Tarts,” Reid shared.
Looks like Swift scored some major cool points with her boyfriend’s team.
In fact, the sweet move turned the heads of Pop-Tarts maker Kellogg’s.
As a result, the pastry company decided they wanted in on the action and took to social media, posting a recreation of her Eras Tour poster but with their own twist.
Swift’s pictures in the colorful boxes were replaced with retro Pop-Tart boxes. Together with the clever image, the company asked the singer to release her secret recipe.
“To KC’s most famous fan, we heard there’s a Pop-Tarts pastry (Your Version) and in its honor, we’re donating to @harvesters, a local Feeding America partner food bank,” they state. “But if you #releasetherecipe, we’ll double our donation,” the Instagram post reads.
Releasing recipes on social media isn’t anything new for the global popstar, as she previously revealed her favorite cookie recipe to the world.
Fans hopped into the comments to chime in.
“There has been a pop tart recipe out there for years. There is nothing like homemade baking w/all organic ingredients for ur little ones,” one user wrote.
So, will the “Wildest Dreams” singer let us all in on her little secret?
Only time will tell.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices