Fun fact: The voice of Blake's daughter plays at the beginning of "Gorgeous." 🥹
Taylor Swift and Blake Lively's friendship? It's honestly aspirational at this point. The duo has been linked since 2015, which means they're coming up on a decade of absolute bestie vibes. Taylor and Blake have been through a ton together, from the Grammy winner's iconic Fourth of July parties to post-breakup GNOs. 
Does the Tom Hiddleston era really count at this point??? Help.
Alexa, play “...Ready for It?”
Correction: screaming!
Not to mention, Blake and her husband Ryan Reynolds have supported Tay and her music from day one—their daughter, James, is *literally* the baby voice in the intro of Reputation's "Gorgeous," and the names of their other daughters, Betty and Inez, are featured in the trilogy of songs depicting Folklore's fictional love triangle. Blake also directed a full-on music video for Red (Taylor's Version) in 2021. So, yeah, it's safe to say that these two are ride or die for each other. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Let's get into all 10 years of Taylor Swift and Blake Lively's friendship timeline.
Blake shared an Instagram post referencing Taylor's song, "Bad Blood" (which was pretty much...everywhere at this point), according to Entertainment Tonight. The post has since been deleted, but its caption reportedly read:
Tay and Blake had a wholesome hang during Taylor's day off from her 1989 World Tour in Australia. Per People, they spent the day riding roller coasters and petting kangaroos at Warner Bros. Movie World theme park.
Blake and Ryan are among the few couples who cozied up at Taylor's annual Fourth of July bash—including Tay and her then-boyfriend, Tom Hiddleston.
Blake shared a sweet post celebrating Taylor's birthday on Instagram, writing, "People Who I Not Only Really Love, But Also Really LIKE, That Were Born Yesterday: Part 1 of 2.🎈 @taylorswift you know how I feel. 💜"
Taylor releases her sixth album, Reputation, featuring the voice of Blake and Ryan's daughter, James on "Gorgeous."
According to Just Jared, Taylor gushed about Blake's movie, A Simple Favor, on her Instagram Story after watching it with her dad. "So we just went to go see A Simple Favor," she said, as her dad chimed in, "Best movie. Loved it." 
"Best movie, so incredible. Everyone did such an amazing job – Blake, Anna, the whole cast. It was so insane," Taylor added. "You gotta see it, you really do. Like, just go see it."
Also, moment of silence for Blake, who looked 🥵🥵🥵 in the movie:
Blake and Ryan are some of the star-studded guests at Taylor's New Year's "childhood hero"-themed costume party. Tay dressed as Ariel from The Little Mermaid while Blake went as Dorothy from The Wizard of Oz.
Another birthday, another par-Tay. Blake and Ryan posed for pics with Taylor at her 3oth birthday party, which was *heavily* documented on Instagram (sigh, miss those days, tbh).
Taylor surprise dropped her Grammy-winning album, Folklore, which featured a sweet nod to Blake's daughters in multiple songs. "Betty" is named after her youngest daughter while one of Taylor's fictional "teenage love triangle" characters is named after her oldest, James. Another character in the saga? The town gossip, Inez, who's also named after Blake's 7-year-old daughter. Honestly, where is Taylor's award for Best Auntie Ever?
Blake wished Taylor a happy birthday with a stunning pic on her Instagram grid and a wholesome caption celebrating the release of Evermore. "...There was happiness because of you♥️ Happy happy birthday. Thank you for #Evermore Absolutely nothing better than getting presents on other people’s birthdays. 🎈 love you," Blake wrote, referencing lyrics from Taylor's track, "Happiness."
Taylor made history when she won Album of the Year for the third time at the Grammys for Folklore. She gave Blake, Ryan, and their kids a sweet shoutout during her acceptance speech. 
"I want to thank Joe, who is the first person that I play every single song that I write, and I had the best time writing songs with you in quarantine," Taylor said, referencing her boyfriend at the time, Joe Alwyn, who co-wrote songs with her under the pseudonym William Bowery. "I want to thank—I want to thank James, Inez, and Betty and their parents who are the second and third people that I play every new song that I write but mostly, we just want to thank the fans."
Tay's bestie and producer said that the track was "written and recorded at home." 👀
“He will still not respond because he has removed himself from her narrative and is very glad he did.”
Anonymous sources, tortured man clubs, cheating rumors—it's all just a lot.
Blake and Ryan pulled up to Saturday Night Live to support Taylor's spot as musical guest, where she performed the 10-minute version of "All Too Well" for the first time. They also attended the SNL after-party together.
Blake directed the music video for Taylor's Red vault track, "I Bet You Think About Me," which also featured her other friends Miles and Keleigh Teller, Aaron Dessner, and Jack Antonoff. Tay teased Blake's involvement with the video with a thirsty TikTok, and for that, we are eternally grateful:
"I Bet You Think About Me" is nominated at the Academy of Country Music awards, and of course, the besties celebrated together on Instagram. "AHHHHHHH CONGRATS @blakelively, MILES AND @keleighteller!!!! BIG GROUP HUG!" Taylor wrote on her Instagram Story, per People. "I loved making this video and it's so cool to see the @acmawards nominate it for video of the year."
"Academy of Country Music was not on my vision board," Blake told Entertainment Tonight at the Michael Kors Fall/Winter fashion show during New York Fashion Week. Blake joked about other potential directing opportunities, saying, "Tell Beyoncé to stop calling me. Beyoncé, you don't have to put them up to this."
Blake and Ryan attended a screening of Taylor's "All Too Well" short film at the Tribeca Film Festival in New York.
Blake showed off her baby bump in a photo dump featuring none other than Taylor (FYI: slide 7 for bestie vibes).
Blake's husband, Ryan, gushed about Taylor during an interview with Entertainment Tonight. When asked if he'd be open to a T. Swift cameo in Deadpool 3, he said that she would "of course" be welcome to join. "Are you kidding me? I would do anything for that woman. She's a genius," Reynolds told Entertainment Tonight (honestly, perfect response, zero notes). 
He also said that his whole family is "obsessed" with Taylor and her album, Midnights. "Oh my God, yes. All of us, whole house, I'm not kidding. I love it so much," he said. "I do, Blake does, my daughters. We love it. Obsessed."
Taylor won Favorite Pop Album at the 2022 American Music Awards, and she thanked Blake in her acceptance speech. "I want to take a moment to thank someone who directed the music video 'I Bet You Think About Me,' my beautiful, brilliant friend, my director Blake Lively," she said.
Taylor made a slew of public outings in NYC since reports of her split with Joe Alwyn started surfacing, and of course, a GNO with her squad was in order. Her pals Blake, Gigi Hadid, and the Haim sisters? Yeah, they "let her bejeweled."
Blake and Ryan go to the Eras Tour in Philadelphia with their kids, where Taylor waves to them on stage and leaves the venue with them:
The duo enjoys a night out in NYC alongside Taylor's other pal, Sophie Turner. 
Taylor, Blake, and Ryan pulled up to the Kansas City Chiefs vs. New York Jets game to cheer on Travis Kelce:
The besties went to the world premiere of Renaissance: A Film by Beyoncé in London, and, yes, it *should* cost a billion to look as good as they did in the fourth slide of this photo dump:
Of course, Blake attended Taylor's birthday party in NYC!
New year, same squad. Taylor and Blake attended a private party at Lucalli Pizza in Brooklyn together:
Taylor brings her A-list besties to the Super Bowl, including Blake, Ice Spice, Keleigh Teller, and Lana Del Rey, to cheer on Travis in Vegas.
Blake's daughters got a v enviable shoutout while attending Tay's Eras Tour in Madrid. Yep, Betty, Inez, and James were all spotted enjoying the singer's show in a buncha fan videos and were directly called out when the musician strummed her guitar and said the following to the crowd: "I have to say that on Folklore, some of my favorite characters are named James, Inez and Betty." (Tay was referring to her album Folklore, which features the song "Betty" and includes all three kids's names.)
Things seemingly took a turn for the friends after Blake's It Ends With Us costar, Justin Baldoni, cited Taylor in his lawsuit against Blake. However! Despite rumors claiming that Tay has been distancing herself from Blake amid her ongoing legal drama with Justin, a source for Page Six stated that the stars do not have a strained relationship at the moment, and any rumors about Taylor keeping her distance are "not true." 
An insider for Us Weekly also echoed this sentiment, claiming, "There’s no truth that this has hurt their relationship. They are still close friends."
Although she attended last year's Super Bowl with Tay, Blake reportedly opted out for this year's game. According to Entertainment Tonight, "Blake is not planning to join Taylor at the Super Bowl this year. They had a blast together last year, but this year Taylor is bringing others along."
Another source told the Daily Mail that Blake allegedly didn't want her It Ends With Us drama to "overshadow" Taylor and Travis Kelce's "big night."
"She would never want to make Taylor's big night–where she is going to see the love of her life play in another Super Bowl–about her. Blake would not want to overshadow Taylor ever," the insider dished.  
So that's that! Stay tuned for more updates on these besties.  
Ice Spice & Sauce Gardner’s Relationship Timeline
Shailene Woodley and Lucas Bravo's Ship Timeline
An Exact Timeline of Ariana and Ethan’s ‘Ship
Jennifer Garner and John Miller's 'Ship Timeline
Addison Rae and Omer Fedi's Full Timeline
All the Deets on Kristen Stewart’s Fiancée, Dylan
Rami Malek and Emma Corrin’s Relationship Timeline
Who is JoJo Siwa's partner Kath Ebbs?
All About Paul & Gracie’s Low-key Relationship
A Timeline of Justin and Hailey’s Love Story 
Millie Reveals Plans to Start a Family With Jake 
The Latest on Gigi and Bradley, Right This Way
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.