BILL H.F. 1989  - Otherwise known as 'The Taylor Swift Bill'
Remember when everyone was trying to get tickets to see Taylor Swift? Ticket Master froze? The whole mess of price gouging really got to a lot of people. Thanks to this unfortunate event (And Taylor Swift) Minnesotans have had enough. They are no longer going to "Shake It Off."
The Taylor Swift Bill is proposing to level the playing field for ticket buyers by cracking down on unfair ticket pricing practices. Will the House consider this bill?
Bill H.F. 1989, dated February 27th of 2023, otherwise known popularly now as 'The Taylor Swift Bill,' is taking a look at creating a better environment for concertgoers; offering ticket buyers the opportunity to know exactly what tickets cost, as well as what other fees are being added. The bill would also prohibit raising the price of a ticket after it has been selected for purchase.
As it stands, the bill would require an online ticket marketplace to:
What about scalpers? Interesting. The bill would prohibit a ticket reseller from employing someone to wait in line to purchase tickets to resell them IF the place of entertainment doesn't allow it. (That sounds like a loophole to me, but we shall see.)
According to Fox9.com, Minnesota lawmakers are trying to stop all this crazy pricing of tickets for concerts and sporting events, to give people a fair shot at purchasing tickets for a reasonable price.
If the bill is approved, it would make it illegal for people to find their way around security measures that limit the number of tickets bought by one person, hopefully blocking sellers from getting large quantities of tickets with the intent to make a personal profit.
I asked Minnesota State Representative Dan Wolgamott, where the bill stands at this time. This was his response.
Click to hear Wolgamott's comments.
"The bill was introduced last February of 2023. You know, it was a budget year; we had a lot going on with our budget. Well, we got our budget passed, and now we are into a policy year, and we can focus more on these types of policies. The bill was sent to the Judiciary Committee, it passed out of there; It was sent to the Commerce Committee, it passed out of there, and then it was sent to the floor of the House of Representatives, and just today (Wednesday, March 13th, 2024), we met and gave the bill a second reading on the house floor; so; The bill is moving, and I expect it to be taken up and passed."
I asked Dan further if he thought the bill would eventually be passed yet this year, and he seemed to think that it would be.
Gallery Credit: Stacker
."}" data-sheets-userformat="{"2":33554688,"11":4,"28":1}">
Gallery Credit: Ben Wittstein