Meghan Markle and Prince Harry found themselves at the centre of a savage joke during the Golden Globe Awards as they were blasted for being paid "millions of dollars for doing absolutely nothing".
Comedian Jo Koy hosted the 81st annual ceremony and made some brutal comments about the Duke and Duchess of Sussex during his opening monologue. Addressing the audience, Jo spoke very highly of Imelda Staunton for her work portraying the late Queen Elizabeth II in the final season of The Crown.
"How great was Imelda Staunton in The Crown, wasn’t she amazing? Her portrayal of the Queen was so good Prince Harry called her and asked her for money," he said. Jo acknowledged the savage joke and continued: "Like I said, I didn't write all of these! That one wasn't mine! Prince Harry and Meghan will still be paid millions of dollars for doing absolutely nothing - and that's just by Netflix!"
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: The real reason Meghan Markle wasn't invited to the Suits reunion at the Golden Globes
Speaking exclusively to The Mirror, PR expert Mayah Riaz said Harry and Meghan will no doubt be used to jokes being made at their expense. Indeed, the couple also came under attack in an episode of Family Guy and South Park.
She told us: "Harry and Meghan have sadly had many jokes made about them since leaving the Royal Family. Unfortunately, this is something they would have had to get used to.
"It is expected that hosts of the Golden Globes will make jokes of prominent figures in Hollywood. Previous hosts have been overtly offensive and it was expected that Jo Koy, who got the gig last minute, would make jokes about prominent figures too! Jo made jokes about Taylor Swift - who appeared to be unimpressed by it, as well as Succession, Barbie and Oppenheimer."
Indeed, Jo was forced to defend one joke after being glared at by Taylor. "The big difference between the Golden Globes and the NFL? On the Golden Globes, we have fewer camera shots of Taylor Swift... there’s just more to go to here," he said on stage.
Explaining the joke, the comedian told Entertainment Weekly: "Aww, man, it was cute. I was just saying it was cute." He added: "I was just saying it's less cutaways, that's all." Mayah also pointed out how Jo "blamed the writers for the jokes".
Speaking about how Meghan and Harry might come back from Jo's comments, she told us: "If Harry and Meghan were to take a positive look at this, it would show them that they have become prominent figures and being recognised by their peers in the industry - which is no bad thing in showbiz! The joke would have had no impact on Harry and Meghan as they work to establish themselves as producers in Hollywood nor their working relationship with Netflix."
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.