By 

	Emily Zemler


	We’re only days away from the premiere of The Eras Tour (Taylor’s Version) on Disney+ and Taylor Swift has offered an early glimpse of the concert special. The singer unveiled a one-minute clip of her performing “Cardigan” exclusively on Apple’s App Store early Wednesday morning. 

	Swifties can check out the “Cardigan” performance either by opening the App Store on their iPhones or by heading to this link. The tease is significant for fans as “Cardigan” was mysteriously left out of the version of Eras Tour that premiered in theaters last year. It’s one of several songs that have been added to the forthcoming Disney+ edition of The Eras Tour (Taylor’s Version), which also include “Maroon.” 





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Walton Goggins Shuts Down Interview Over Aimee Lou Wood Questions		
	









	
	
		
					Piper Rockelle Has a Lot to Say About That Netflix Documentary		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	








Taylor Swift | The Eras Tour (Taylor’s Version) will hit Disney+ on March 14. “I’m delighted to tell you that you’ll be able to watch Taylor Swift | The Eras Tour (My Version) a few hours earlier than expected,” Swift wrote on X (formerly Twitter). “Experience the ENTIRE concert film for the first time ever, beginning to end, including ‘cardigan’ and FOUR new acoustic songs on @DisneyPlus starting March 14th at 6pm PT.”

	










Taylor Swift | The Eras Tour originally appeared in theaters last October, capturing the first three Los Angeles performances on the career-spanning tour. In January, the film became the highest-grossing concert film and documentary in history. In a press release, AMC Theaters said Taylor Swift | The Eras Tour has earned over $261.6 million globally, surpassing the previous record holder, Michael Jackson’s This Is It (2009). 
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.