By MAKAYLA MUSCAT and BRETT LACKEY FOR DAILY MAIL AUSTRALIA 
 Published:  02:42, 13 March 2024   |  Updated:  03:05, 13 March 2024   
 1
View  comments
A young Taylor Swift fan who was critically injured in a horror crash on her way to the star's concert is showing 'positive signs' of recovery. 
Freya Pokarier, 10, was airlifted to Westmead Children's Hospital in Sydney after the SUV she was in with her sister and mother collided with a semi-trailer near Dubbo on February 15.
They had been travelling from their Gold Coast home to Melbourne to see the pop superstar at her sold-out MCG show.
Older sister Mieka, 16, died at the scene while the girls' mother, Kim Litchfield, was rushed to Dubbo Hospital with serious injuries.
Young Taylor Swift fan Freya Pokarier (left) who was critically injured in a horror crash on her way to the star's concert, is showing 'positive signs' of recovery. Her older sister Mieka (right), 16, sadly died at the scene
The family were travelling to Melbourne to see Swift at her sold-out MCG show
The girls' godmother, Karleigh Fox, set up a GoFundMe which has helped the family raise almost $90,000 in the wake of the tragedy. 
Freya suffered brain injuries, a broken leg and a damaged pelvis in the crash.
She remains in a coma, but an update last week revealed she had moved from intensive care to a dedicated rehabilitation ward. 
'We are yet to see her beautiful eyes open, however, she has shown some really positive signs that she may be hearing her loved ones,' her mother wrote on March 7. 
'She moves her left arm a lot and brings it up to her face now. 
'She has sighed, yawned and hiccupped and this morning she moved her head side to side.
'She's currently peacefully snoring as we type this, even though she used to argue with mum that she didn't. 
Freya suffered brain injuries, a broken leg and a damaged pelvis in the horrific crash 
The family said they plan to celebrate Mieka's life when Freya can hopefully attend 
'On Saturday Freya even got the opportunity to go outside and seemed to love the wind blowing in her face.'
But Freya is not out of the woods yet. Her mother said: 'At the moment it's one day at a time, and any movements (as you can imagine) are exciting and bring hopes of progress!'
The girl's mother expressed her sincere thanks to everyone who has supported her family during this difficult time. 
'Mum and dad are so grateful for the love and support that has been given to her and the family and it continues to mean so much,' she said.
Their father, Peter Pokarier, said the support has been overwhelming. 
'The comments alone on the GoFundMe has left me feeling something I've never felt before,' he wrote on a social media page.
'I'd never thought I'd have to raise a cross on the side of the road for my 16-year-old daughter.'
The family said they plan to celebrate Mieka's life when Freya can hopefully attend.  

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group