The football star, who was spotted kissing Taylor Swift that night, discussed his big day on the latest episode of his podcast.

													By
												

	Anna Chan


	New Year’s Eve was a fairy tale for Travis Kelce. The Kansas City Chiefs tight end opened up briefly about how nice the last day of 2023 was for him in the Wednesday (Jan. 3) episode of New Heights, the podcast he cohosts with brother Jason Kelce.

	While discussing the Chiefs’ big New Year’s Eve home game against the Cincinnati Bengals — which Taylor Swift attended to cheer on boyfriend Travis — Jason boasted about how his younger brother’s team not only clinched the AFC West title with its 25-17 win (the Chiefs’ eighth consecutive division title), but also earned its ninth consecutive playoff berth and ninth consecutive 10-plus win season.

	










	“It was all around a fun game. The atmosphere was great on New Year’s Eve, a lot of Chiefs fans excited for this one,” said the tight end, who had Swift — wearing his black-and-white Chiefs jacket — supporting him in the stands. “It was a fun day, man.”




			Trending on Billboard		






	“How was having Mom there for that game?” the Eagles center asked. “Pretty good?”

	“It was fun! Then we all got to celebrate New Year’s together! It was cool, man, to have all the friends and family,” said Travis, who has not only appeared on Billboard charts alongside Jason, but also topped two charts late last year with their holiday tune “Fairytale of Philadelphia.” “I think I had over 50, 55 people come in for this one. A good new year’s celebration with all the friends and fam.”

	Though the football player didn’t mention the 12-time Grammy winner by name during the latest podcast episode, the couple — who began dating over the summer — were spotted leaving Arrowhead Stadium together after the Chiefs’ victory. Later that day, during a New Year’s Eve party, the pair shared a sweet kiss, which was captured on video and shared on X.

	Listen to Travis discuss his New Year’s Eve in the New Heights episode above.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.