Writer Beer & Society
Music instinctively is coded with messages of hope and resilience, joy and humor, and the transformative power to love, respect, honor, and assist. Music unfurls our vulnerability, selflessness, and exceptional quality to look our fears in the eye and face them down.
And, instinctively, we move to the beat of our heart, to the rhythm of our pulse, and to the melody that flows out from our thoughts.
Dance Kaleidoscope's new company of dancers invited me to witness their first dress rehearsal for "Divas A-New," for a refreshed fresh look at the artistry of Ella Fitzgerald, interpreted initially by David Hochoy in his 2015 "Ella," and for a world premiere of Brandi Carlile music, envisioned by Joshua Blake as "Stories from the Corner Bar."
Two dozen young dancers from DK's studio training program were sitting cross-legged on the floor at the margin of the rehearsal dance space, at the feet of DK designers, a photographer, and invited guests sitting on chairs. 
A dress rehearsal isn't always full-out dancing; for dancers, this testing of costumes might be marking the moves to incorporate them into their body, and they are feeling the heft of the costumes—the crinoline-layered gowns, their pastel radiance reflected in the men's shirts tucked under vests and formal-wear trousers. For the past week, the company has been in the studio developing the segments; now, it's making sure the swift transitions are clear. Without the layering of Laura E. Glover's lighting design, I'm watching fresh and edgy spontaneity rise up and float by under harsh fluorescent light.
A new company is showcasing what Hochoy envisions as a nightclub show, Ella Fitzgerald styling an era of Broadway's extravagantly mounted musicals into a nightclub show. The entire ensemble waltzes through an ever-changing configuration to Cole Porter's "Night and Day" and softly floats into Richard Rodgers and Lorenz Hart's "Blue Moon" as balletic ensembles. In an eye's blink, Adrian Dominguez and Manuel break away from exiting and turn up the heat with Porter's sizzling "Too Darn Hot." 
When Gertrude Lawrence yearned for "Someone to watch over me," in the 1926 George and Ira Gershwin musical "Oh, Kay!" her character was holding a rag doll and confiding her yearning for a mate. Ella recorded her version in 1950, and despite all the renditions that have followed, her version is what moves Hochoy to choreograph this warm and wistful pas de deux, now gifted to us by Holly Harkins and Cody Miley.  
Ella Fitzgerald and Count Basie daringly embraced the "Tea for Two" upbeat tune and lyrics by Vincent Youmans and Irving Caesar, and Hochoy took the flirty wink to nod up a notch for a foursome romp. Here, we have Gion Treichler, Cortney Jeffries, Vivien Mickles, and Julie Russel weaving Ella's scatting into the last note, reminding us that true love is a balancing act.
The same goes for songwriting and filmmaking. Arthur Hamilton originally wrote "Cry Me a River" for Ella Fitzgerald to sing in Jack Webb's film, "Pete Kelly's Blues," a Prohibition Era gangster drama set in Kansas City. The song was cut. Six years after other vocalists jumped on recording this jazzy ballad, which's sometimes called a 'breakup aria,' Ella released her version in 1961 with guitarist Joe Pass, drawing out the drama of moving on from heartbreak. So we have the scenario where Holly Harkins, Marie Kuhns, and Paige Robinson confront us as swirling from Ella's out of the fog howling, tempered in red-eyed defiance in a swaggering bluesy beat. Loneliness and suffering are passe, and the Ensemble filters in with the Gershwins' "Oh, Lady Be Good" as a gentle ballad.
Here, as with "Someone to Watch Over Me," Ella, George and Ira intertwine philosophically. "Oh, Lady Be Good" opened at the close of 1924 at the Liberty Theatre in New York and ran for over a year, turning the young siblings Fred and Adele Astaire into stars. Writers Guy Bolton and Fred Thompson paired with George and Ira for the music and lyrics. And this was their breakthrough, too. Ella Fitzgerald turned the lead song into a classic jazz standard. The song tells the story of a man trying to get a woman to notice him. Its catchy melody and clever wordplay have become the defining reply to 'What's unrequited love?' What Ella does so impeccably is to pull the truth of life from the lyrics. Listen to the yearning and longing and watch what happens in the movement gliding into the closing number, Rodgers and Hart's "With A Song In My Heart."
At the close of "Ella," we embrace 'there's always a way to find hope and joy, even in the direst of circumstances—just a song at the start, but it soon is a hymn to your graces…' First performed onstage in the 1929 musical, "Spring is Here," Ella released her jazz version thirty years later, bringing clear focus to the song's complex harmonies, improvisations, and swing rhythms.
Ella's long career carried her from the blues to bossa nova and calypso to carols, remarks Richard Havers on his April 25, 2023, post. Born on April 25, 1917, during the infant stage of the recorded music era, Ella Fitzgerald "was the best singer on the planet," according to Mel Torme, and no one ever has contradicted his assessment. 
She turned a nursery rhyme into a hit, and despite struggles and setbacks, she pointed her feet forward, kept going, and invited us along. That's the philosophy of Brandi Carlile, who invites us into the Corner Bar to be inspired by her stories and music to commit to building a better world.
At the 2019 Grammy Awards, she underscored," It's music with a message, and it's a harsh message; you know, it's a message about needing to do better and about the plight of the displaced peoples in this world, the refugees, asylum seekers, economic migrants; and also about gender dysphoria and its place in our country and our need for understanding and acceptance."
Ella Fitzgerald made her debut in 1935 with the Chick Webb band playing at Yale University. Brandi Carlile came into our current collective cognizance around 2004 when Columbia Records signed her for the self-titled album "Brandi Carlile."
What is so special about Brandi Carlile? How and what she writes, sings, and cares about, replied my young friend. I admit to not following Brandi Carlile until I was introduced to her about a year ago with her appearance on Saturday Night Live. If I had not watched, I wouldn't know why Terri D. Moore is clothing the DK dancers in these fantastic outfits. If the frothy pastels for "Ella" evoke airiness, you'll find earth to heavens citations in the fabric and ribbon work clothing "Stories from the Corner Bar."
Joshua Blake Carter brings tables and chairs to the stage [with thanks for the loan to Zac Hunter and the Phoenix Theatre Cultural Center], and the dancers rearrange them as sets for the constantly shifting scenes. The full DK company introduces us to Brandi recounting "The Things I Regret" from her 2015 "The Firewatchers" album. From this self-reflection on personal growth, the dancers introduce us to Brandi's "The Joke" and hope for a brighter future; "Don't give up when others are trying to divide instead of unite."
As everyone scatters, Adrian Dominguez and Julie Russel hold back to ask, "How do you know this growing up is O.K.?" 
Neither Fitzgerald nor Carlile had an easy time of it growing up. Brandi speaks of wine that turns into turpentine—the potent killer. There's nothing smug about the reality of how the 98% have to make ends meet and not get squeezed in the middle. I'm not familiar with what worries the top 2%, except for what pulp headlines at grocery checkouts bring to my attention. I try to sympathize and promise myself I need to be more caring about the trials of the super-rich.
When everyone else pushes back the tables and chairs and ambles back to center stage, I'm asked to pay attention to everyone's/anyone's status surrounding love and vulnerability and to embark with them on their journeys of self-discovery as they navigate the complexities of relationships and being true to self. What is the truth in knowing your own heart before getting judgmental about someone else's? We're taken into the forces of wind and water as metaphors for human relationships always in flux. It's a hard knock world, sings Annie in the musical of the same name. 
Life is a journey, and sometimes you're a "Party of One" sitting alongside another 'party of one.' Marie Kuhns and Manuel Valdes play out the repeat button scenario until the full company faces us, and we're all pondering this thing about 'singing your sad soul to sleep." 
But wait a minute, why give in, why give up? We have a choice. We can let go of self-doubt, anger, and our sad selves and get connected with possibility.
The DK company includes Bo Brinton, Adrian Dominguez, Holly Harkins, Courtney Jefferies, Marie Kuhns, Cody Miley, Camryn Pearson, Paige Robinson, Julie Russel, Sarah Taylor, Gion Treichler, and Manuel Valdes. Apprentice Vivien Mickels is on stage, too. In the wings are apprentice Oliva Ramsey and trainee Daniella Sibley.
I'm sent home to think about the ways Ella and Brandi have built their success toward the greater good. Each has established foundations with humanitarian intent. 
Go to dancekal.org for more information and tickets 
Performances on January 11, 12, and 13 at 7:00 p.m. and January 14 at 2:00 p.m. are at Butler's Schrott Center for the Performing Arts. Come early for the pre-show events by the DK students.
In December 2023, W.W. Norton published Judith Tick's new biography, "Becoming Ella: The Jazz Singer Who Transformed American Song." It is waiting its turn to be lifted from the shelf and to read. Ella Fitzgerald died June15, 1996; age 79.
====
Here's what I wrote about David Hochoy's" Ella" in 2015:
"Opening with Night and Day, the women of the company colored the stage in candy cotton-hued flouncy dresses resembling Degas' "Little Dancer" [find her at the Indianapolis Museum of Art]. The men in black trousers and vests with shirts of bright gumdrop colors complimented the sweeping movement.
"Blue Moon" evoked undulating tides in ever-expanding reach. "Someone to Watch Over Me" encircled Mariel Greenlee and Timothy June in concentric intimacy of soul and body. Noah Trulock seamlessly stepped into the distinctive personalities of Emily Dyson, Aleska Lukasiewicz, and Missy Trulock, alternately vying for his undivided attention in a changeup, "Tea for Two." Brandon Comer and Stuart Coleman showcased a flamboyant "Too Darn Hot," and Jillian Godwin, Greenlee, and Caitlin Negron poised "Cry Me a River" as a tabloid of Blues.
"We felt their pain deeply. Incited by Justin Sears-Watson stepping on Fitzgerald's scatting "Lady Be Good," the company became a whirl of confection. In direct opposition to how things usually are done, Act One closed as a tender tableau, investing "With A Song in My Heart" as DK's anthem. See:
https://www.exploredance.com/article.htm?id=4049&s=type&sid=294; March 27, 2015
Cover image courtesy of DK.
Writer Beer & Society
Rain developing this afternoon. High 63F. Winds NE at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of rain 70%..
                                
Rain showers early will evolve into a more steady rain overnight. Low 47F. Winds NNE at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 90%. Rainfall near a half an inch.
 Updated: May 3, 2025 @ 10:35 am

Success! An email has been sent to  with a link to confirm list signup.
            

Error! There was an error processing your request.
            
Arts & Entertainment
Sign up to receive daily updates! 
Sign up for weekly updates
Top 10 reader's preferences from the past week

Please donate today


                            The NUVO Cultural Foundation, a 501(c)3 nonprofit
                        
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers:
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Arts & Entertainment
Sign up to receive daily updates! 
Sign up for weekly updates
Top 10 reader's preferences from the past week
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.

Thank you. Your purchase was successful.
A receipt was sent to your email.