Psalms 52 – Audio – Text
– – – – –
“And he spake a parable unto them to this end, that men ought always to pray, and not to faint;” ~ Luke 18:1 (1-14) – Audio
“I exhort therefore, that, first of all, supplications, prayers, intercessions, and giving of thanks, be made for all men; For kings, and for all that are in authority; that we may lead a quiet and peaceable life in all godliness and honesty. For this is good and acceptable in the sight of God our Saviour; Who will have all men to be saved, and to come unto the knowledge of the truth.” ~ I Tim 2:1-4 (1-6)
“Watch and pray, that ye enter not into temptation: the spirit indeed is willing, but the flesh is weak.” ~ Matt 26:41
“Praying always with all prayer and supplication in the Spirit, and watching thereunto with all perseverance and supplication for all saints;” ~ Eph 6:18
– – – – –
The following prayer list has been put together with prayers from some of Grandma Covfefe’s past posts with many additions and revisions along the way.
The “Most recent prayers & praises” are located on the first subpost under the main prayer post.
Also, the main prayer post isn’t updated as frequently as the subpost as emphasis in the main post is placed on having broad, long term, continual, prayer coverage of general or specific issues our country faces; people who have sacrificed much & may be at risk or in need; remembrance of past blessings; & periodic scriptural reminders to recite, pause, consider, & meditate upon when preparing & refreshing one’s heart & mind for the day.
Updates generally occur as situations change.
* * * * * Prayers for America, the Last Bastion of Freedom * * * * *
“May God continue to strengthen our hearts and sustain our souls. May God continue to shed His divine grace upon this land. And may God forever bless the United States of America.” ~ U.S. President Donald J. Trump
“It is better to trust in the LORD than to put confidence in man. It is better to trust in the LORD than to put confidence in princes.” ~ Ps 118:8, 9
“Except the LORD build the house, they labour in vain that build it: except the LORD keep the city, the watchman waketh but in vain.” ~ Ps 127:1
“The horse is prepared against the day of battle: but safety is of the LORD.” ~ Prov 21:31
“Some trust in chariots, and some in horses: but we will remember the name of the LORD our God.” ~ Ps 20:7 (Ps 33:16-22)
“Trust in the LORD with all thine heart; and lean not unto thine own understanding. In all thy ways acknowledge him, and he shall direct thy paths. Be not wise in thine own eyes: fear the LORD, and depart from evil. It shall be health to thy navel, and marrow to thy bones.” ~ Prov 3:5-8 (16:1-3, 9 & 19:20, 21)(Jas 4:13-17)
“And whatsoever ye do in word or deed, do all in the name of the Lord Jesus, giving thanks to God and the Father by him.” ~ Col. 3:17
“And whatsoever ye do, do it heartily, as to the Lord, and not unto men; Knowing that of the Lord ye shall receive the reward of the inheritance: for ye serve the Lord Christ.” ~ Col. 3:23, 24
“And let us not be weary in well doing: for in due season we shall reap, if we faint not.” ~ Gal 6:9
“Whatsoever thy hand findeth to do, do it with thy might; for there is no work, nor device, nor knowledge, nor wisdom, in the grave, whither thou goest.” ~ Ecc 9:10
“Let nothing be done through strife or vainglory; but in lowliness of mind let each esteem other better than themselves.” ~ Phil 2:3
“But he that glorieth, let him glory in the Lord.” ~ II Cor 10:17 (Ps 44:8)
“So likewise ye, when ye shall have done all those things which are commanded you, say, We are unprofitable servants: we have done that which was our duty to do.” ~ Luk 17:10
“But as touching brotherly love ye need not that I write unto you: for ye yourselves are taught of God to love one another.” ~ I Thess 4:9
“And be ye kind one to another, tenderhearted, forgiving one another, even as God for Christ’s sake hath forgiven you.” ~ Eph 4:32
“Let love be without dissimulation. Abhor that which is evil; cleave to that which is good.” ~ Rom 12:9 (Acts 11:23) (Josh 22:5… 23:8-11) (Deut 13:4)
“Wherefore gird up the loins of your mind, be sober, and hope to the end for the grace that is to be brought unto you at the revelation of Jesus Christ; As obedient children, not fashioning yourselves according to the former lusts in your ignorance: But as he which hath called you is holy, so be ye holy in all manner of conversation; Because it is written, Be ye holy; for I am holy.” ~ I Pet 1:13-16
“Whosoever believeth that Jesus is the Christ is born of God: and every one that loveth him that begat loveth him also that is begotten of him. By this we know that we love the children of God, when we love God, and keep his commandments.
For this is the love of God, that we keep his commandments: and his commandments are not grievous. For whatsoever is born of God overcometh the world: and this is the victory that overcometh the world, even our faith. Who is he that overcometh the world, but he that believeth that Jesus is the Son of God?S
…These things have I written unto you that believe on the name of the Son of God; that ye may know that ye have eternal life, and that ye may believe on the name of the Son of God.” ~ I John 5:1-5, 13 (1-13)
“For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.” ~ John 3:16
“Now the just shall live by faith…” ~ Heb 10:38a
“Jesus said unto him, If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believeth.” ~ Mark 9:23
“If I regard iniquity in my heart, the Lord will not hear me:” ~ Ps 66:18
“Let your conversation be without covetousness; and be content with such things as ye have: for he hath said, I will never leave thee, nor forsake thee. So that we may boldly say, The Lord is my helper, and I will not fear what man shall do unto me.” ~ Heb 13:5, 6 (1-6)
“And this is the confidence that we have in him, that, if we ask any thing according to his will, he heareth us: And if we know that he hear us, whatsoever we ask, we know that we have the petitions that we desired of him.” ~ I John 5:14, 15 (James 1:5-8, 4:3) (I John 3:22 (18-24))
“But without faith it is impossible to please him: for he that cometh to God must believe that he is, and that he is a rewarder of them that diligently seek him.” ~ Heb 11:6
“And beside this, giving all diligence, add to your faith virtue; and to virtue knowledge; And to knowledge temperance; and to temperance patience; and to patience godliness; And to godliness brotherly kindness; and to brotherly kindness charity. For if these things be in you, and abound, they make you that ye shall neither be barren nor unfruitful in the knowledge of our Lord Jesus Christ.” ~ II Pet 1:5-8
“Therefore, my beloved brethren, be ye stedfast, unmoveable, always abounding in the work of the Lord, forasmuch as ye know that your labour is not in vain in the Lord.” ~ I Cor 15:58
“Finally, my brethren, be strong in the Lord, and in the power of his might. Put on the whole armour of God, that ye may be able to stand against the wiles of the devil. For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places.” ~ Eph 6:10-12 (10-18) (I Thess 5:8, 9)
– – – – –
Heal Our Land
Thank You, Heavenly Father, for President Trump, his MAGA Team, and all his supporters.
Father, keep them all safe in all they do and go daily. In Jesus’ Name we pray…..
“Be not overcome of evil, but overcome evil with good.” ~ Romans 12:21 (Col. 1:9-14)
“He that is slow to anger is better than the mighty; and he that ruleth his spirit than he that taketh a city.” ~ Prov 16:32 (25:28)
“Be ye angry, and sin not: let not the sun go down upon your wrath: Neither give place to the devil.” ~ Eph 4:26, 27
“It is vain for you to rise up early, to sit up late, to eat the bread of sorrows: for so he giveth his beloved sleep.” ~ Ps 127:2
“Ye have heard that it hath been said, Thou shalt love thy neighbour, and hate thine enemy. But I say unto you, Love your enemies, bless them that curse you, do good to them that hate you, and pray for them which despitefully use you, and persecute you; That ye may be the children of your Father which is in heaven: for he maketh his sun to rise on the evil and on the good, and sendeth rain on the just and on the unjust.” ~ Matt 5:43-45 (43-48)
“And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove them.” ~ Eph 5:11 (1-12)
“Behold, I send you forth as sheep in the midst of wolves: be ye therefore wise as serpents, and harmless as doves.” ~ Matt 10:16
“Watch ye, stand fast in the faith, quit you like men, be strong. Let all your things be done with charity.” ~ I Cor 16:13, 14
“Let your light so shine before men, that they may see your good works, and glorify your Father which is in heaven.” ~ Matt 5:16 (1-48)
“Wherefore, my beloved brethren, let every man be swift to hear, slow to speak, slow to wrath: For the wrath of man worketh not the righteousness of God.” ~ James 1:19, 20
“The wicked flee when no man pursueth: but the righteous are bold as a lion.” ~ Prov 28:1
“Righteousness exalteth a nation: but sin is a reproach to any people.” ~ Prov 14:34
“If my people, which are called by my name, shall humble themselves, and pray, and seek my face, and turn from their wicked ways; then will I hear from heaven, and will forgive their sin, and will heal their land.” ~ II Chron 7:14 (Jer 18:5-10… The potter)
“…and be clothed with humility: for God resisteth the proud, and giveth grace to the humble. Humble yourselves therefore under the mighty hand of God, that he may exalt you in due time: Casting all your care upon him; for he careth for you. ~ I Pet. 5:5b-7
“But he giveth more grace. Wherefore he saith, God resisteth the proud, but giveth grace unto the humble. Submit yourselves therefore to God. Resist the devil, and he will flee from you. Draw nigh to God, and he will draw nigh to you. Cleanse your hands, ye sinners; and purify your hearts, ye double minded. Be afflicted, and mourn, and weep: let your laughter be turned to mourning, and your joy to heaviness. Humble yourselves in the sight of the Lord, and he shall lift you up.” ~ James 4:6-10
“For whosoever exalteth himself shall be abased; and he that humbleth himself shall be exalted.” ~ Luke 14:11
“The sacrifices of God are a broken spirit: a broken and a contrite heart, O God, thou wilt not despise.” ~ Ps 51:17 (16-17) (II Cor 7:9-11)
“For we have not an high priest which cannot be touched with the feeling of our infirmities; but was in all points tempted like as we are, yet without sin. Let us therefore come boldly unto the throne of grace, that we may obtain mercy, and find grace to help in time of need.” ~ Heb 4:15, 16
“The LORD is righteous in all his ways, and holy in all his works. The LORD is nigh unto all them that call upon him, to all that call upon him in truth. He will fulfil the desire of them that fear him: he also will hear their cry, and will save them. The LORD preserveth all them that love him: but all the wicked will he destroy. ” ~ Ps 145:17-20
“The steps of a good man are ordered by the LORD: and he delighteth in his way. Though he fall, he shall not be utterly cast down: for the LORD upholdeth him with his hand.” ~ Ps 37:23, 24
“Lay not wait, O wicked man, against the dwelling of the righteous; spoil not his resting place: For a just man falleth seven times, and riseth up again: but the wicked shall fall into mischief.” ~ Prov 24:15, 16
***Praises – from the word of God
“O LORD, thou art my God; I will exalt thee, I will praise thy name; for thou hast done wonderful things; thy counsels of old are faithfulness and truth.” ~ Isa 25:1
“Let all those that seek thee rejoice and be glad in thee: let such as love thy salvation say continually, The LORD be magnified. But I am poor and needy; yet the Lord thinketh upon me: thou art my help and my deliverer; make no tarrying, O my God.” ~ Ps 40:16, 17
“Be thou exalted, LORD, in thine own strength: so will we sing and praise thy power.” ~ Ps 21:13
“Rejoice in the LORD, O ye righteous: for praise is comely for the upright.” ~ Ps 33:1
“O come, let us worship and bow down: let us kneel before the LORD our maker.” ~ Ps 95:6
“O give thanks unto the LORD, for he is good: for his mercy endureth for ever.” ~ Ps 107:1 (Ps 136)
“O magnify the LORD with me, and let us exalt his name together.” ~ Ps 34:3
“Oh that men would praise the LORD for his goodness, and for his wonderful works to the children of men!” ~ Ps 107:8
“Only fear the LORD, and serve him in truth with all your heart: for consider how great things he hath done for you.” ~ I Sam 12:24
“The LORD hath done great things for us; whereof we are glad.” ~ Ps 126:3
“This is the day which the LORD hath made; we will rejoice and be glad in it.” ~ Ps 118:24
“Enter into His gates with thanksgiving, and into His courts with praise: be thankful unto Him, and bless his name.” ~ Ps 100:4
“Offer unto God thanksgiving; and pay thy vows unto the most High: And call upon me in the day of trouble: I will deliver thee, and thou shalt glorify me.” ~ Ps 50:14, 15
“Whoso offereth praise glorifieth me: and to him that ordereth his conversation aright will I shew the salvation of God.” ~ Ps 50:23
“Because he hath set his love upon me, therefore will I deliver him: I will set him on high, because he hath known my name. He shall call upon me, and I will answer him: I will be with him in trouble; I will deliver him, and honour him. With long life will I satisfy him, and shew him my salvation.” ~ Ps 91:14-16 (1-16)
“But thou art holy, O thou that inhabitest the praises of Israel.” ~ Ps 22:3
“And when he had consulted with the people, he appointed singers unto the LORD, and that should praise the beauty of holiness, as they went out before the army, and to say, Praise the LORD; for his mercy endureth for ever.
And when they began to sing and to praise, the LORD set ambushments against the children of Ammon, Moab, and mount Seir, which were come against Judah; and they were smitten.” ~ II Chron 20:21, 22
“In God we boast all the day long, and praise thy name for ever. Selah.” ~ Ps 44:8 (1-8)
“Thou art worthy, O Lord, to receive glory and honour and power: for thou hast created all things, and for thy pleasure they are and were created.” ~ Rev 4:11
“…Blessing, and honour, and glory, and power, be unto him that sitteth upon the throne, and unto the Lamb for ever and ever.” ~ Rev 5:13b
“…Worthy is the Lamb that was slain to receive power, and riches, and wisdom, and strength, and honour, and glory, and blessing.” ~ Rev 5:12b
“Surely he hath borne our griefs, and carried our sorrows: yet we did esteem him stricken, smitten of God, and afflicted. But he was wounded for our transgressions, he was bruised for our iniquities: the chastisement of our peace was upon him; and with his stripes we are healed. All we like sheep have gone astray; we have turned every one to his own way; and the LORD hath laid on him the iniquity of us all.” ~ Isa 53:4-6 (1-12)
“That it might be fulfilled which was spoken by Esaias the prophet, saying, Himself took our infirmities, and bare our sicknesses.” ~ Matt 8:17
“Who his own self bare our sins in his own body on the tree, that we, being dead to sins, should live unto righteousness: by whose stripes ye were healed. For ye were as sheep going astray; but are now returned unto the Shepherd and Bishop of your souls.” ~ I Pet 2:24, 25 (II Cor 5:21)
“According as his divine power hath given unto us all things that pertain unto life and godliness, through the knowledge of him that hath called us to glory and virtue: Whereby are given unto us exceeding great and precious promises: that by these ye might be partakers of the divine nature, having escaped the corruption that is in the world through lust.” ~ II Pet 1:3, 4
“Wherefore God also hath highly exalted him, and given him a name which is above every name: That at the name of Jesus every knee should bow, of things in heaven, and things in earth, and things under the earth; And that every tongue should confess that Jesus Christ is Lord, to the glory of God the Father.” ~ Phil 2:5-11
“And his name through faith in his name hath made this man strong, whom ye see and know: yea, the faith which is by him hath given him this perfect soundness in the presence of you all.” ~ Acts 3:16
“By him therefore let us offer the sacrifice of praise to God continually, that is, the fruit of our lips giving thanks to his name. But to do good and to communicate forget not: for with such sacrifices God is well pleased.” ~ Heb 13:15, 16
“O LORD our Lord, how excellent is thy name in all the earth!” ~ Ps 8:9
“…My soul doth magnify the Lord, And my spirit hath rejoiced in God my Saviour.” ~ Luk 1:46b, 47
“Bless the LORD, O my soul: and all that is within me, bless his holy name. Bless the LORD, O my soul, and forget not all his benefits: Who forgiveth all thine iniquities; who healeth all thy diseases; Who redeemeth thy life from destruction; who crowneth thee with lovingkindness and tender mercies; Who satisfieth thy mouth with good things; so that thy youth is renewed like the eagle’s. The LORD executeth righteousness and judgment for all that are oppressed.” ~ Ps 103:1-6
“…Holy, holy, holy, Lord God Almighty, which was, and is, and is to come.” ~ Rev 4:8b (Rev 1:8)
“Now unto him that is able to keep you from falling, and to present you faultless before the presence of his glory with exceeding joy, To the only wise God our Saviour, be glory and majesty, dominion and power, both now and ever. Amen.” ~ Jude 1:24, 25
“Now unto the King eternal, immortal, invisible, the only wise God, be honour and glory for ever and ever. Amen.” ~ I Tim 1:17
“But grow in grace, and in the knowledge of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ. To him be glory both now and for ever. Amen.” ~ II Pet 3:18
***Praises
♦ Thank You, Father, for protecting President Trump & MAGA Team & Trump Legal Team Today
♦ Thank You for Fearless Patriots & Prayer Warriors; who tirelessly & relentlessly press on with faith & steady determination, despite setbacks & discouragements; who inspire, encourage, & uplift their fellow countrymen along the way
♦ Thank You for parents & residents across the country who are standing up to local school board mask mandates & indoctrination (Critical Race Theory, etc.) of their children
♦ Thank You that 21 state school board associations have severed ties w/ the National School Boards Association over a NSBA letter to the DOJ asking for federal LEOs to investigate parents for “domestic terrorism and hate crime threats.” (2/23/22)
♦ Thank You for journalist Emerald Robinson & her articles exposing Big Pharma/U.S. military’s technology arm DARPA/corporate media connections, vaccine ingredients, & the bioluminescent firefly enzyme “Luciferase” (w/ its tagging/tracking/surveillance applications); & for her exposure of the COVID-19 antibody test called “SATiN”, which uses Luciferase (Serological Assay based on split Tripart Nanoluciferase). (11/4/21)
♦ Thank You for Pfizer whistleblower Melissa Strickler who revealed internal emails from both the Chief Scientific Officer & Senior Director of Worldwide Research telling staff to be secretive about the use of human fetal tissue in laboratory testing of the COVID vaccine. (HEK 293T cells ~ Human embryonic kidney cell line) (10/6/21)
♦ Thank You, Heavenly Father, for the biggest WIN for the LIFE of the unborn in 49 years as the Supreme Court has overturned Roe v. Wade, sending it back to the states. (6/24/22)
♦ We pray Father for both state legislatures & state & federal Supreme Court rulings to reverse abortion law(s) & for judges & legislators to stand firm for life from conception.
(Jeremiah 1:5; Psalm 139:13-16)
♦ Thank You for Sundance.. and for his Mission getting the truth out
♦ USA Stronger — Live your Best Life — God Bless America
***Praises – Election Integrity
♦ Thank You, Father, for the continual exposures of corrupt individuals, both inside & outside of Govt.
♦ Thank You for the revelations of the voter fraud that occurred through various election systems (Dominion, ES&S, ERIC voter registration system, etc.), ballot harvesting, ballot trafficking, & other methods.
♦ We pray for success in the efforts to remove these fraudulent election systems & tactics.
♦ Thank You, Father, for the ever increasing efforts of Patriots in various states pushing for election integrity & investigations into voter fraud
♦ Thank You for removing roadblocks & using each apparent roadblock for good to expose the fraudsters, force them to reveal themselves at all levels, & increase the awareness of the country & world to their schemes…
(Gen. 50:20; Ps 1:15, 16; Ps 9:15; Ps 73:17-20; Prov 26:27; I Cor 3:19)
♦ Thank You for the Providential series of events before & after the 2020 election, which prepared Dr. Frank to be able to discover that the baseline for the 2020 vote was created by applying an algorithm that used the 2010 census to fabricate the illusion of registered voters at a state level (inflating the registration databases/voter rolls w/ phantom voters… pre-election), & then results were controlled & regulated by algorithms at the county level.
(Databases & machines are hacked & tracked in real time… showing who voted & didn’t vote; so fraudulent ballots could be printed & filled out for those who didn’t vote, which are then given to the NGOs to distribute to the ballot boxes. The last step of distribution was shown in the “2000 Mules” documentary. Dr. Frank says the ballot box stuffing is a symptom of the fraud. The real fraud took place in the machine. So the key idea is every stuffed ballot has to be assigned to a voter in the voter rolls.)
♦ Thank you for Dr. Frank’s work w/ Sherronna Bishop & (former) Mesa County Clerk Tina Peters in helping to identify election fraud in CO.
♦ Thank you that Dr. Frank was able to do deeper analysis at the precinct level, generating targeted spreadsheets & walk lists for finding phantom voters; & for the rapid rise of the supermom teams around the country, who are using these lists in their canvassing to find phantom voters.
♦ Thank you for the praises from Mike Lindell’s Cyber Symposium:
— Mesa county (CO) Clerk Tina Peters appeared as a whistleblower.
— State legislators who attended formed a national election integrity caucus.
— 50 patriotic hackers who attended organized themselves & will help analyze the PCAP (packet capture) data when it is eventually released. (Aug 2021)
♦ Thank You that 20 states (PA, WA, GA, VA, NV, UT, CO, NM, SC, WI, OK, AK, MI, MO, WY, IN, OR, & ?) have sent delegations to the AZ audit & expressed interest in replicating the audit in their own states (maybe even at the county level) (2021)
♦ Thank You for the AZ Senate Audit Hearing testimony from July & Sept. 2021
— TGP article: “Nearly 700,000 Maricopa County Ballots Identified with Issues from the Audit and Separate Canvassing Work to Date”
♦ Thank You for the partial audit that was able to be done in Antrim County (MI).
“Be careful for nothing; but in every thing by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving let your requests be made known unto God. And the peace of God, which passeth all understanding, shall keep your hearts and minds through Christ Jesus.” ~ Phil. 4:6, 7 (I Tim. 2:1-8)
“My son, attend to my words; incline thine ear unto my sayings. For they are life unto those that find them, and health to all their flesh. Keep thy heart with all diligence; for out of it are the issues of life.” ~ Prov 4:20-23 (20-27) (11:19)
“Finally, brethren, whatsoever things are true, whatsoever things are honest, whatsoever things are just, whatsoever things are pure, whatsoever things are lovely, whatsoever things are of good report; if there be any virtue, and if there be any praise, think on these things.” ~ Phil. 4:8
“Come, ye children, hearken unto me: I will teach you the fear of the LORD. What man is he that desireth life, and loveth many days, that he may see good? Keep thy tongue from evil, and thy lips from speaking guile. Depart from evil, and do good; seek peace, and pursue it.
The eyes of the LORD are upon the righteous, and his ears are open unto their cry. The face of the LORD is against them that do evil, to cut off the remembrance of them from the earth.” ~ Ps 34:11-16
“Behold, the eye of the LORD is upon them that fear him, upon them that hope in his mercy; To deliver their soul from death, and to keep them alive in famine.” ~ Ps 33:18, 19 (15-19) (I Pet 3:10-12)
“Let all the earth fear the LORD: let all the inhabitants of the world stand in awe of him.” ~ Ps 33:8
“Princes have persecuted me without a cause: but my heart standeth in awe of thy word.” ~ Ps 119:161
“Stand in awe, and sin not: commune with your own heart upon your bed, and be still. Selah. Offer the sacrifices of righteousness, and put your trust in the LORD.” ~ Ps 4:4, 5
“God is greatly to be feared in the assembly of the saints, and to be had in reverence of all them that are about him.” Ps 89:7
“Be still, and know that I am God: I will be exalted among the heathen, I will be exalted in the earth.” – Ps 46:10
“Wherefore we receiving a kingdom which cannot be moved, let us have grace, whereby we may serve God acceptably with reverence and godly fear: For our God is a consuming fire.” ~ Heb 12:28, 29
“Cast thy burden upon the LORD, and he shall sustain thee: he shall never suffer the righteous to be moved.” ~ Ps 55:22
“Rest in the LORD, and wait patiently for him…” ~ Ps 37:7a
“I waited patiently for the LORD; and he inclined unto me, and heard my cry. He brought me up also out of an horrible pit, out of the miry clay, and set my feet upon a rock, and established my goings. And he hath put a new song in my mouth, even praise unto our God: many shall see it, and fear, and shall trust in the LORD.” ~ Ps 40:1-3 (Is 40:28-31… Ps 130:5, 6… Ps 123:1, 2… Ps 27:14)
“Casting all your care upon him; for he careth for you.” ~ I Pet. 5:57
“Then said Jesus unto his disciples, If any man will come after me, let him deny himself, and take up his cross, and follow me.” ~ Matt 16:24
“Come unto me, all ye that labour and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest. Take my yoke upon you, and learn of me; for I am meek and lowly in heart: and ye shall find rest unto your souls. For my yoke is easy, and my burden is light.” ~ Matt 11:28-30
“As many as I love, I rebuke and chasten: be zealous therefore, and repent.” ~ Rev 3:19 (Prov 3:11, 12, Heb 12:5-11)
“Abide in me, and I in you. As the branch cannot bear fruit of itself, except it abide in the vine; no more can ye, except ye abide in me. I am the vine, ye are the branches: He that abideth in me, and I in him, the same bringeth forth much fruit: for without me ye can do nothing.
If a man abide not in me, he is cast forth as a branch, and is withered; and men gather them, and cast them into the fire, and they are burned. If ye abide in me, and my words abide in you, ye shall ask what ye will, and it shall be done unto you. Herein is my Father glorified, that ye bear much fruit; so shall ye be my disciples.
As the Father hath loved me, so have I loved you: continue ye in my love. If ye keep my commandments, ye shall abide in my love; even as I have kept my Father’s commandments, and abide in his love. These things have I spoken unto you, that my joy might remain in you, and that your joy might be full. This is my commandment, That ye love one another, as I have loved you.” ~ John 15:4-12
“And Jesus answered him, The first of all the commandments is, Hear, O Israel; The Lord our God is one Lord: And thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind, and with all thy strength: this is the first commandment. And the second is like, namely this, Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself. There is none other commandment greater than these.” ~ Mark 12:30, 31
“Charity suffereth long, and is kind; charity envieth not; charity vaunteth not itself, is not puffed up, Doth not behave itself unseemly, seeketh not her own, is not easily provoked, thinketh no evil; Rejoiceth not in iniquity, but rejoiceth in the truth; Beareth all things, believeth all things, hopeth all things, endureth all things. Charity never faileth…
…And now abideth faith, hope, charity, these three; but the greatest of these is charity.” ~ I Cor 13:4-8a, 13 (1-13) (Rom 5:1-5)
“There is no fear in love; but perfect love casteth out fear: because fear hath torment. He that feareth is not made perfect in love. We love him, because he first loved us.” ~ I John 4:18, 19
“We then that are strong ought to bear the infirmities of the weak, and not to please ourselves. Let every one of us please his neighbour for his good to edification. For even Christ pleased not himself; but, as it is written, The reproaches of them that reproached thee fell on me.” ~ Rom 15:1-3
“And whosoever will be chief among you, let him be your servant: Even as the Son of man came not to be ministered unto, but to minister, and to give his life a ransom for many.” ~ Matt 20:27, 28
“I have shewed you all things, how that so labouring ye ought to support the weak, and to remember the words of the Lord Jesus, how he said, It is more blessed to give than to receive.” ~ Acts 20:35
“I waited patiently for the LORD; and he inclined unto me, and heard my cry. He brought me up also out of an horrible pit, out of the miry clay, and set my feet upon a rock, and established my goings. And he hath put a new song in my mouth, even praise unto our God: many shall see it, and fear, and shall trust in the LORD.” ~ Ps 40:1-3 (Is 40:28-31… Ps 130:5, 6… Ps 123:1, 2… Ps 27:14)
“Rejoice evermore. Pray without ceasing. In every thing give thanks: for this is the will of God in Christ Jesus concerning you.” ~ I Thes. 5:16-18
“…for the joy of the LORD is your strength.” ~ Neh 8:10b
“Is any among you afflicted? let him pray. Is any merry? let him sing psalms.” ~ James 5:13
“Speaking to yourselves in psalms and hymns and spiritual songs, singing and making melody in your heart to the Lord; Giving thanks always for all things unto God and the Father in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ; Submitting yourselves one to another in the fear of God.” ~ Eph. 5:19-21
“Let the word of Christ dwell in you richly in all wisdom; teaching and admonishing one another in psalms and hymns and spiritual songs, singing with grace in your hearts to the Lord.” ~ Col. 3:16
“For whatsoever things were written aforetime were written for our learning, that we through patience and comfort of the scriptures might have hope.” ~ Rom 15:4 (I Thess 4:13-18 & 5:8-11) (I John 3:1-3)
“All scripture is given by inspiration of God, and is profitable for doctrine, for reproof, for correction, for instruction in righteousness: That the man of God may be perfect, throughly furnished unto all good works.” ~ II Tim 3:16, 17
“Study to shew thyself approved unto God, a workman that needeth not to be ashamed, rightly dividing the word of truth.” ~ II Tim 2:15
“For the word of God is quick, and powerful, and sharper than any twoedged sword, piercing even to the dividing asunder of soul and spirit, and of the joints and marrow, and is a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart.” ~ Heb. 4:12 (II Tim. 3:15-17) (Eph 6:17)
“For as the rain cometh down, and the snow from heaven, and returneth not thither, but watereth the earth, and maketh it bring forth and bud, that it may give seed to the sower, and bread to the eater:
So shall my word be that goeth forth out of my mouth: it shall not return unto me void, but it shall accomplish that which I please, and it shall prosper in the thing whereto I sent it.” ~ Is 55:10, 11 (Matt 24:35)
“But the hour cometh, and now is, when the true worshippers shall worship the Father in spirit and in truth: for the Father seeketh such to worship him. God is a Spirit: and they that worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth.” ~ John 4:23, 24
“Sanctify them through thy truth: thy word is truth.” ~ John 17:17
“…Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of God.” ~ Matt 4:4b
“It is the spirit that quickeneth; the flesh profiteth nothing: the words that I speak unto you, they are spirit, and they are life.” ~ John 6:63
“But if the Spirit of him that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell in you, he that raised up Christ from the dead shall also quicken your mortal bodies by his Spirit that dwelleth in you.” ~ Rom 8:11
“For if ye live after the flesh, ye shall die: but if ye through the Spirit do mortify the deeds of the body, ye shall live. For as many as are led by the Spirit of God, they are the sons of God.” ~ Rom 8:13, 14
“…Walk in the Spirit, and ye shall not fulfil the lust of the flesh.” ~ Gal 5:16b (16-18)
“Likewise reckon ye also yourselves to be dead indeed unto sin, but alive unto God through Jesus Christ our Lord.” ~ Rom 6:11 (12, 13)
“Casting down imaginations, and every high thing that exalteth itself against the knowledge of God, and bringing into captivity every thought to the obedience of Christ;” ~ II Cor 10:5
“And be not conformed to this world: but be ye transformed by the renewing of your mind, that ye may prove what is that good, and acceptable, and perfect, will of God.” ~ Rom 12:2
“For God hath not given us the spirit of fear; but of power, and of love, and of a sound mind.” ~ II Tim 1:7
“But he that is joined unto the Lord is one spirit.” ~ I Cor 6:17
“What? know ye not that your body is the temple of the Holy Ghost which is in you, which ye have of God, and ye are not your own? For ye are bought with a price: therefore glorify God in your body, and in your spirit, which are God’s.” ~ I Cor 6:19, 20
“Now the Lord is that Spirit: and where the Spirit of the Lord is, there is liberty. But we all, with open face beholding as in a glass the glory of the Lord, are changed into the same image from glory to glory, even as by the Spirit of the Lord.” ~ II Cor 3:17, 18
“But the Comforter, which is the Holy Ghost, whom the Father will send in my name, he shall teach you all things, and bring all things to your remembrance, whatsoever I have said unto you.” ~ John 14:26 (I Cor 1:2-4)
“Howbeit when he, the Spirit of truth, is come, he will guide you into all truth: for he shall not speak of himself; but whatsoever he shall hear, that shall he speak: and he will shew you things to come. He shall glorify me: for he shall receive of mine, and shall shew it unto you. All things that the Father hath are mine: therefore said I, that he shall take of mine, and shall shew it unto you.” ~ John 16:13-15
“Likewise the Spirit also helpeth our infirmities: for we know not what we should pray for as we ought: but the Spirit itself maketh intercession for us with groanings which cannot be uttered.” ~ Rom 8:26
“For it is God which worketh in you both to will and to do of his good pleasure.” ~ Phil 2:13
“But the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, goodness, faith, Meekness, temperance: against such there is no law.” ~ Gal. 5:22, 23 (Col. 1:9-14)
“Order my steps in thy word: and let not any iniquity have dominion over me.” ~ Ps 119:133
“Search me, O God, and know my heart: try me, and know my thoughts: And see if there be any wicked way in me, and lead me in the way everlasting.” ~ Ps 139:23, 24
“With my whole heart have I sought thee: O let me not wander from thy commandments. Thy word have I hid in mine heart, that I might not sin against thee.”~ Ps 119:10, 11
“Let the words of my mouth, and the meditation of my heart, be acceptable in thy sight, O LORD, my strength, and my redeemer.” ~ Psalm 19:14
“For this cause I bow my knees unto the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, Of whom the whole family in heaven and earth is named, That he would grant you, according to the riches of his glory, to be strengthened with might by his Spirit in the inner man;
That Christ may dwell in your hearts by faith; that ye, being rooted and grounded in love, May be able to comprehend with all saints what is the breadth, and length, and depth, and height; And to know the love of Christ, which passeth knowledge, that ye might be filled with all the fulness of God.
Now unto him that is able to do exceeding abundantly above all that we ask or think, according to the power that worketh in us, Unto him be glory in the church by Christ Jesus throughout all ages, world without end. Amen.” ~ Eph 3:14-21
“Therefore being justified by faith, we have peace with God through our Lord Jesus Christ: By whom also we have access by faith into this grace wherein we stand, and rejoice in hope of the glory of God.
And not only so, but we glory in tribulations also: knowing that tribulation worketh patience; And patience, experience; and experience, hope: And hope maketh not ashamed; because the love of God is shed abroad in our hearts by the Holy Ghost which is given unto us.” ~ Rom 5:1-5
“My brethren, count it all joy when ye fall into divers temptations; Knowing this, that the trying of your faith worketh patience. But let patience have her perfect work, that ye may be perfect and entire, wanting nothing.” ~ Jas 1:2-4
“I have set the LORD always before me: because he is at my right hand, I shall not be moved. Therefore my heart is glad, and my glory rejoiceth: my flesh also shall rest in hope.” ~ Ps 16:8, 9
“Thou wilt shew me the path of life: in thy presence is fulness of joy; at thy right hand there are pleasures for evermore.” ~ Ps 16:10
“The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ, and the love of God, and the communion of the Holy Ghost, be with you all. Amen.” ~ II Cor 13:14a
America’s Arrow Prayers:
“For where two or three are gathered together in my name, there am I in the midst of them.” ~ Matthew 18:20
Heavenly Father, we pray in Jesus’ name, according to Thy will…
♦ For the Peace of Jerusalem… (Psalm 122:6) (Romans 11:23-27)
♦ For strength, guidance, protection, & healing for Israel in this current time of turmoil with the Hamas infiltration & attack on Israel; for the soldiers & families & the women raped & murdered by Hamas; & for the the hostages still held. (10/7/23)
♦ For Repentance & Restoration for our country; for the American people to Awaken to the reality of God & His love for us, repent from sin, & turn their hearts toward the Father through faith in Christ Jesus, His only begotten Son.
Biblical people who received Jesus Christ, believing on his Name… (John 1:12, 13)
(The Ethiopian eunuch – Acts 8:26-40) (Cornelius the centurion – Acts 10:1-48)
(Jailer of Philippi – Acts 16:22-34) (Deputy of the Cyprus, Sergius Paulus – Acts 13:4-12)
(Nicodemus the Pharisee – John 3:1-21) (Samaritan woman at the well – John 4:1-42)
(Zacchaeus the chief tax collector – Luke 19:1-10) (Criminal on the cross – Luke 23:32, 39-43)
“But as many as received him, to them gave he power to become the sons of God, even to them that believe on his name:” ~ John 1:12
“That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved. For with the heart man believeth unto righteousness; and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation.” ~ Romans 10:9, 10 (8-13, 17)
Related: John 3:16-18… Romans 3:9-12, & 23… Rom 3:23 (22-24)… Rom 6:23… Rom 5:8… Rom 10:9,10, & 13… Rom 5:1… Rom 8:1… Rom 8:38, 39… Heb 7:25, John 14:6… Titus 3:5, Eph 2:8, 9 (4-9)…
We pray, Father, in Jesus’ name…
♦ for Faith, patience, Hope, humility, wisdom, understanding, knowledge, discernment, strength, guidance, Love, peace, unity, harmony, & solidarity for Americans in their actions for God & Country (I Cor 13:13)
♦ for faith, virtue, knowledge, temperance, patience, godliness, brotherly kindness, & charity for believers in their lives & dealings with others. (II Pet 1:1-8)
♦ for people to find the right balance between their social media connections & developing meaningful relationships offline with people in their lives & local communities
♦ Continuing 24/7 protection, health, & guidance for President Trump, First Lady Melania, their family, MAGA Team, & Trump Legal Team in their future endeavors.
♦ for guidance, protection, & salvation for our nationalist allies & other leaders around the world in their moral endeavors for their own people; for strength to overcome the pressures to do wrong; & for them to refuse evil & choose good. (I Tim. 2:1-8)
♦ for Heads of state: Jair Bolsinaro (former Pres., Brazil), Alejandro Giammattei (former Pres.,Guatemala), Nayib Bukele (El Salvador), Victor Orban (Hungary), Andrez Duda (Poland), Kishida Fumio (Japan), Javier Milei (Argentina), Andrés Manuel López Obrador (Mexico), Narendra Modi (India), Imran Khan (former PM Pakistan), Vladamir Putin (Russia), etc.
♦ for the continued exposures & removal of the backstabbers, infiltrators, & all evil in & around President Trump, his family, the Patriot movement, the Christian body of believers/congregations, & the country.
♦ for President Trump to be surrounded by loyal advisors who will give him wise & godly counsel; & give him the wisdom, discernment & strength to recognize & reject false Economic, Political & Spiritual counsel (etc.) & follow that which is good. (III John 1:11)
♦ for all political/legal attacks/efforts against President Trump, his family, & MAGA Team to fail
♦ for guidance, protection, & strength for Mike Lindell, Peter Navarro, Tina Peters,Tamara Lich (CAN), Rudy Giuliani & other patriots who are being politically targeted.
♦ for President Trump to have a clear path to re-election & that he would be able to overcome all opposition from other candidates.
♦ for guidance, protection, & strength for Catherine Engelbrecht (of True the Vote) & election intelligence investigator Gregg Phillips w/ their ballot trafficking investigation in GA & other states
♦ Thank You for the success of the “2,000 Mules” documentary covering their identification of 2,000 “mules” who were engaged in ballot trafficking in multiple states; & for the successful presentation of their information before the Arizona State Legislature (5/31/21)
♦ for success for the partnership between “True the Vote” & “Protect America Now” (Sheriff Mark Lamb) whose goal is to help equip & empower sheriffs; unite citizens & sheriffs; open lines of communication; inform/educate voters state-by-state on election processes & laws; & protect our elections. (6/22/22)
♦ for guidance, protection, & strength for Sherronna Bishop & her family w/ the Nov. 2021 raid on her home while she was homeschooling her children; Thank You for her active engagement in a review of the 2020 Mesa County, CO election results w/ County Clerk Tina Peters; & her grassroots community organizing working to confront local level, school board level, & congressional district level corruption which helped flip several school board seats & elect Rep. Lauren Boebert; Thank You for her courage, commitment & the example she is setting by continuing w/ her patriotic efforts.
♦ For guidance, protection, & strength for (former) Mesa county (CO) Clerk Tina Peters.
(Tina previously refused to destroy 2020 Election data that election officials are legally mandated to maintain after the election & her office & one of her employee’s homes were raided in Aug. 2021 while she was attending the Mike Lindell’s Cyber Symposium; she was arrested on Feb 8, 2022; on Mar 7 she released a report claiming Dominion voting machines used in 2020 election were illegally certified & illegally configured; on Mar 8 she was indicted on several counts.)
♦ for Protection & Healing for MAGA Team & America from Chinese Wuhan virus, COVID “vaccines”, the medical establishment’s COVID protocols, harmful vaccines, mRNA biotech, & other biological attacks.
♦ for the truth to be revealed to the public about the pandemics (their origins & how they are used to push agendas), vaccines (safety or dangers… whichever they may be), as well as safe alternative therapies & their appropriate use… so people can make informed decisions & take control of their health
♦ for protection & healing for people being pressured to take the COVID vaccine & punished if they don’t; those in our military & military academies, LEOs, hospital employees, truckers, & others in both the public & private sector; for protection for the children & for people at home from Biden’s Jab Patrols.
♦ For the children in CA school districts & people around the country & world who are being forced, coerced, bribed, enticed, or deceived into getting the COVID shots; for protection, comfort, & healing for the victims & their families; for Justice for the perpetrator(s), propagandists, agitators, & enablers.
♦ For the safety & security for those conducting the Maricopa County, AZ Election Audit & Re-canvassing; that the whole process of the audits & chain-of-custody of the ballots would be proven to be secure, fully transparent, thoroughly accurate, comprehensive, irrefutable, & unimpeachable (unquestionable) (2021)
♦ for the smooth transition/migration of President Trump & the rest of the MAGA community to alternative/new platforms; for the launch of Trump Media & Technology Group’s social media network, “TRUTH Social” (TruthSocial.c*m) & the DWAC/TMTG merger (w/ Devin Nunes as CEO)
♦ For the success of Mike Lindell’s social media & broadcast platform FrankSpeech.c*m & LindellTV.c*m
♦ for the success of Mike Lindell’s lawsuit against Dominion & Smartmatic voting machine companies
♦ For Section 230 ‘Big Tech’ liability shield to be repealed
♦ for the Obama-Biden/Harris (& Trudeau) corrupt administrations –Dems–Hollywood–RINOs–Uniparty–Big Tech–Fake Media– State Governors who are addicted to imposing lockdowns, “vaccine” mandates, & “open borders” to fumble, jumble, mumble, stumble, tumble, bumble, grumble, crumble.. then diminish…. pouf…. Poof….
♦ for Justice; that the coupmakers, election fraudsters, & other corrupt individuals would get caught and charged with crimes against President Trump, WeThePeople & the United States
♦ for the souls of the above individuals; that they would repent from sin & come to the Truth (Matt. 5:43-48)
♦ Thank You for the uncovering of all illegal votes & we pray for the widespread awareness of the Country to this fraud & the media’s deception
♦ For Election Fraud: Audits, Investigations, Court cases, Lawyers, Judges presiding the cases, & Witnesses who saw frauds being committed; *Protection for all
♦ for guidance, protection, strength, discernment, discretion, integrity, & humility for MAGA candidates Kari Lake, Mark Finchem, John Gibbs, Joe Kent, Sarah Palin, Doug Mastriano(PA), Matt DePerno, & others; for Rudy Giuliani, Sidney Powell, General Flynn, Lin Wood, Mike Lindell, Stephen Miller, Sheriff Mark Lamb, Judge Aileen Cannon (FL), Judge Kathryn Kimball Mizelle, Judge Mark Pittman, Uruguayan Judge Alejandro Recarey, former USVI AG Denise N. George, Jason Miyares (VA), Jovan Hutton Pulitzer, Bob Hughes, Ben Cotton, Doug Logan (Cyber Ninjas), Dr. Douglas Frank, Lauren Boebert, Marjorie Taylor Greene, Mike Johnson, Emerald Robinson, James O’Keefe, Steve Bannon, Laura Loomer & other patriot lawyers, judges, lawmakers, auditors, journalists & their teams, families, & property; for safety of Conservative Supreme Court justices doxxed by the far left over Roe v. Wade; & for individuals both inside & outside of public office who are taking a stand for life.
♦ for Harriet Hageman, Jim Jordan, Matt Gaetz, Paul Gosar, Ron Johnson, Rand Paul, Byron Donalds, & others in their efforts in Congress to expose the truth.
♦ for exposure of any individuals/movements/conferences/ministries/institutions/tours, previously mentioned or otherwise, which appear to be good, “patriotic”, MAGA, or “Christian”, but are actually frauds or counterfeits; encourage our hearts & give us the discernment & strength to push on in service to You when those we may have followed or respected are exposed… as our confidence is in You, not in man. (Heb. 12:2)(Col. 2:6-10)(I John 2:18-29; 4:1-21)(II Tim. 4:3, 4)
♦ for guidance, protection, & strength for James O’Keefe & some of his Project Veritas journalists who have had their homes raided by the DOJ/FBI from the SDNY in Nov. 2021; for HHS COVID vaccine whistleblower Jodi O’Malley & Pfizer whistleblowers Melissa Strickler & Debbie; thank you for their courage in exposing the truth.
♦ for guidance for Mr. O’Keefe with his future endeavors after being forced to leave by the corrupt board of directors at Project Veritas on the week of their biggest story of all time, which was about Pfizer & one of their directors discussing mutating the COVID virus. (2/20/23)
♦ For safety/protection for our Citizens, our Country, our food & energy supply chains, etc. (& their interconnections w/ supply chains around the world), all patriotic buildings-landmarks honoring You & our country’s history, & all law enforcement & military against domestic terrorism, violent mobs, civil unrest, sabotage, & the growing Socialist/Communist/Marxist infiltration & indoctrination within our Country & Govt. institutions
♦ for people all around the world to trust in You & to resist & prevail against the tyranny of communism & dictatorships; for the people of Australia, Canada, Great Britain, Austria, Poland, Italy, France, Spain, the Netherlands, Brazil, China, & patriots in other countries; & for countries like Hungary who are resisting outside attempts to overthrow their governments via color revolutions or other means.
♦ For guidance & protection for the people of Afghanistan & for Christians & pastors across the country
♦ for guidance, protection, & strength for the Jan. 6th political prisoners being illegally held in D.C. & elsewhere
♦ for Julian Assange & Jack Maxey (fled to Switzerland to complete full forensic audit on Hunter’s laptop)
♦ for strength, guidance, & protection for Kyle Rittenhouse, his legal team, judge, jury… going forward… after the “Not Guilty” verdict on all 5 counts; for success against any future DOJ interference, investigation, or charges; for success against any civil or criminal lawsuits; & for success in any future lawsuits on behalf of himself & the Country against his attackers, media & state agitators, & others who have defamed him (w/ labels “racist, white supremacist, domestic terrorist, etc.”) & are trying to further erode our Constitutional rights & protections. (11/19/21)
♦ For Safety/Health/Protection/Integrity for: USSS, Military, Border Patrol, LEOs, & their brave Horses/dogs
♦ for protection for all WALL builders & all our borders… air, land, & sea
♦ for strength, healing, & protection for those battling illnesses/cancers/injuries & harm from COVID “vaccines” & protocols…. All Trump supporters & Treepers; & for full recovery for Citizen 817(see Prayer Thread), Gregg Philips, Dr. Carrie Madej & her pilot; for Salman Rushdie; Scott Presler; Mark Steyn; for Nydia Stone to stay cancer free…Thank You that she is cancer free
♦ For Protection/Provision/Healing for the bodies & souls of all American Patriots, the children, youth, the poor, homeless, & weak… widows, orphans, & the unborn
(James 1:27) (Acts 20:35)
Personal prayers…
♦ We prayer, Father, for Stillwater… for protection, provision, health, & strength; for faith, wisdom, & guidance in his life; for grace & humility to do that which is right; for covering of the Precious Blood of Jesus in & over Stillwater & his family/relatives/extended family; for guidance, health, safety, & well being for them all.
♦ for guidance in the nightly praise & prayer posts on CTH; & for love & gratitude for all the blessings (& correction) he receives from You.
♦ We pray, Father, for our Beloved Treehouse! ***for Sundance, Ad rem, Stella, Menagerie, WeeWeed & the crew; for wisdom, strength, health, safety, & well being for them (& their families) in their lives; & for guidance in their continued work with the platform & CTH community ***
♦ for Grandma Covfefe & her family, for health and well being
♦ for Sundance & his Mission in exposing the truth via his research, reporting, and briefings he may be doing around the country.
In Jesus’ Name we pray…..Amen
“Through the Almighty’s love and the power of prayer, we have found renewed strength and understanding to face these unprecedented times with stalwart resolve.” ~ President Donald J. Trump
– – – – –
“The Strongest Weapon in the United States is a Praying Patriotic American.”
~ Treepers’ Prayer Warriors Post
The Patriot playlist…
♦ “Donald’s Bible”
♦ “If” ~ by Rudyard Kipling
♦ “The test of a man”
♦ “Never Ever Give Up”
♦ “It’s called, the road less traveled.”
♦ “Trump Inspirational Tribute”
♦ “Adversity makes you stronger”
♦ “The American adventure has only just begun.”
♦ “The best is yet to come.”
♦ “Make America Great Again, Again!”
♦ MAGA Rallies – – –
♦ “Stronger & greater than ever before”
♦ “Trump Tomahawk”
♦ “The Great Canadian Freedom Convoy”
♦ “Canadian Truckers are saving the free world”
♦ “Profiles In Courage: The Canadian Truckers” – Lasting impact of the “Freedom Convoy” (many videos)
♦ “Courage is not the absence of fear” ~ Australia protest message
0:40 — “And fear just means False Evidence Appearing Real… or Face Everything And Recover.”
♦ “No you’re not crazy for standing firm; The rest of the world is nuts” ~ Patriot Nurse
(Highlights – 5:37, 8:19, 9:11, 10:14, 12:18, 12:49, 14:33, 15:22, 15:44)
♦ “The Starfish Story”
♦ “Footprints in the Sand”
♦ Reminders for those who say “Trump can’t win” or “They will never let Trump win” – (01, 02, 03)
…
Most recent Prayers & Praises…
Heavenly Father, we pray in Jesus’ name, according to Thy will…
♦ for guidance, protection, & strength for President Trump, his family, legal team, & allies w/ the August 2022 raid on his Mar-a-Lago home in Florida; & for success against any future DOJ interference, investigation, or charges/indictments. (8/8/22)
♦ We pray for the covering of the Precious Blood of Jesus over President Trump, his family, legal team, & supporters with the various federal & state indictments… New York (State – 3/30/23), Florida (Federal – 6/8/23), Washington D.C. (Federal – 8/1/23), & Georgia (State – 8/14/23).
♦ & we pray that You would turn what is meant for evil to good.
(Gen. 50:20; Ps 1:15, 16; Ps 9:15; Ps 73:17-20; Prov 26:27; I Cor 3:19)
♦ for the failure of the Globalist’s NWO objectives & Russia/Ukraine propaganda narratives; for a peaceful resolution to the situation; for those involved in the corruption, warmongering, & especially the authorization/funding/establishment of Wuhan, Ukraine, & other Biolabs around the world producing biological weapons &/or harmful “vaccines” to be brought to justice.
♦ for the situations with the mass shootings, violent events, industrial sabotage, & natural disasters occurring around the Country… as well as the chaos, destruction, & loss of life due to drug/human trafficking operations taking place as a result of open border policies; for comfort & healing for the victims & their families; for Justice for the perpetrator(s), propagandists, agitators, & enablers who are creating the culture of division, social unrest, & violence in our communities… corrupting/warping the minds of our young people & the public at large with evil.
♦♦♦ For an accurate count of the 2020 presidential, 2022 mid-term, & 2024 presidential election races; & for the exposure & remedying of any cheating, corruption, or interference.
♦ For guidance protection, & strength for Colorado SoS candidate Tina Peters & her legal team, staff & supporters; & for her ongoing election lawsuits.
♦ for guidance, protection, & strength for “2000 Mules” investigators Catherine Engelbrecht (of True the Vote) & election data security analyst Gregg Phillips.
(Truth Social: @TinaPeters, @truethevote, @greggphillips)
♦ For guidance protection, & strength for Mary Hornik, Robert Haury, & NY Citizens Audit (a grassroots team of over 2,000) in their ongoing work to combat election fraud in NY and other states.
♦ Thank You for using & working through longtime CTH reader “Regitiger” with his persevering efforts in reviewing the entire process that occurred on Jan 6th, looking at the granular timeline and then overlaying the bigger picture of the constitutional and parliamentary process itself; & thank You for guiding “Regitiger” in his brilliant analysis of the federal government motive to create a J6 crisis that permitted House Speaker Nancy Pelosi to trigger an emergency session and avoid the 2020 election certification challenges. (3/12/23)
♦ Thank You for former Michael Cohen legal counsel Robert Costello, his courage & commitment to truth in coming forward & giving testimony before the Manhattan grand jury, deconstructing the entire premise of NY DA Alvin Bragg’s key witness Michael Cohen. (3/20/23)
♦ Thank You for the new evidence revealed after physical inspection by ballot printing expert Bob Hughes, confirming that an intentional change was made to the printers affecting the day of election ballots in Maricopa County. (4/5/23)
♦ Thank You that Konnech company has dropped all pending defamation & unlawful computer access litigation against Catherine Engelbrecht (True the Vote) & Gregg Phillips two days after Gregg & Catherine released all of their information on the China-linked Konnech Company at Open.Ink. (4/20/23)
♦ Thank You that North Carolina’s Supreme Court has ruled in favor of voter ID, affirmed the power of lawmakers to draw redistricting maps, & also ruled that felons have to complete their full sentence before being given the right to vote again. (4/28/23)
♦ for strength, guidance, & protection for Calgary Pastor Artur Pawlowski, his family, & his congregation who have been harassed by the COVID officials, police, & the legal system; for the situation w/ the recent guilty verdict & ongoing legal battles. (5/3/23)
♦ Thank You for another huge win in election integrity with the Delaware Supreme Court ruling that mail-in voting and same-day voter registration violates the state’s constitution. (Biden’s home state) (5/5/23)
♦ for guidance, protection, & strength for the individuals involved in organizing “Operation Sunlight”, investigating the “weaponization of government”; for those inside & outside of government, the alliance group, We The People (crowdsourcing); & for direction & success with the timeline and efforts.
♦ for guidance, protection, & strength for the AZ whistleblowers who testified on the massive mail-in ballot fraud in Maricopa Co. & for preservation of the evidence of the fraud. (3/23/23)
♦ for guidance in Kari Lake’s continuing fight after the dismissal of her stolen election case in Maricopa County Superior Court on 5/22; & for success in Kari Lake & grassroots organizer Merissa Hamilton’s launch of the largest, most extensive ballot-chasing operation in the state’s history. (5/23/23)
(Truth Social: @KariLake)
(TGP: Latest Kari Lake articles)
♦ Thank You for the success the MAGA movement is having with its massive boycotts of Target, Bed Bath & Beyond, & other woke corporations. (5/28/23)
♦ For guidance, protection, strength, & success for Tim Ballard, Jim Caviezel, Alejandro Monteverde (& their teams, families, & supporters) in their work with the movie Sound of Freedom, released on July 4th; for continued success for the movie & their mission to spark a global conversation about the realities of child trafficking & empower viewers to take unprecedented action to help put an end to this modwho work in their own wayern-day slavery. (6/1/23)
♦ For guidance, protection, & strength for Mel Gibson, Tim Ballard (& their teams, families, & supporters) with the upcoming release of a 4-part docu-series about child trafficking in the Ukraine. (6/7/23)
♦ Thank You for patriots around the country, at every level or position, both small and great, for the betterment of our country. (6/20/23)
♦ Thank You for Laura Loomer’s exposure & current blocking of the CA GOP’s “proportional” rule scheme that appears to be part of a wider GOP plan to dilute the primary election delegate distribution against the interests of President Trump and his supporters. (7/6/23)
♦ Thank You for the revelations of the voter fraud that occurred through various election systems (Dominion, ES&S, ERIC voter registration system, etc.), ballot harvesting, ballot trafficking, & other methods.
♦ We pray for success in the efforts to remove these fraudulent election systems & tactics.
♦ Thank You that Texas has withdrawn from the ERIC voter roll system (25% membership loss… 9 states have now left. 23 states to go.). (7/20/23)
♦ for guidance, protection, & strength for AG Ken Paxton & Tony Buzbee in their work & lives.
♦ Thank You that AG Paxton has been acquitted on all 16 articles of impeachment; for his reinstatement as Texas AG; & for attorney Tony Buzbee’s excellent defense. (9/16/23)
♦ For the Peace of Jerusalem… (Psalm 122:6) (Romans 11:23-27)
♦ For strength, guidance, protection, & healing for Israel in this current time of turmoil with the Hamas infiltration & attack on Israel; for the soldiers & families & the women raped & murdered by Hamas; & for the the hostages still held. (10/7/23)
♦ Thank You for another win for election integrity with the North Carolina Republican-led legislature overrriding the Dem. Governor’s veto of SB 749 (which establishes bipartisan election boards) & SB 747 (which puts a limit on the period of time that an absentee ballot can be received before it no longer counts). (10/11/23)
♦ for guidance, protection, & strength for Cochise County (AZ) Supervisor Tom Crosby who has been hit with a subpoena & a grand jury investigation for fighting for free, fair, & honest elections. (10/13/23)
♦ Thank You that Florida’s Division of Library and Information Services has joined a growing number of states (MT, TX, MO, SC) in rejecting the American Library Association’s Marxist social & political agendas. (11/3/23)
♦ Thank You for Catherine Engelbrecht / True the Vote’s decisive victory in their landmark election case in Georgia Federal Court. (1/2/24)
♦ for guidance, protection, & strength for Peter Navarro who has been sentenced to 4 months in prison for defying a subpoena from the sham J6 Committee. (1/25/24)
♦ Thank You that the 1st Circuit Court of Appeals has ruled that under the National Voter Registration Act of 1993 Maine’s voter roll is a public record & election officials cannot hide the information from the public. (2/5/24)
♦ Thank You for AG Ken Paxton’s victory in court in Texas w/ Judge Wesley Hendrix’s ruling which struck down Biden’s $1.7 Trillion spending bill & opened up the possibility of blocking Biden’s allocation of billions in taxpayer funds through subsequent litigation. (2/27/24)
♦ Thank You that the Supreme Court has unanimously ruled to put President Trump back on the Colorado primary 2024 ballot. (3/4/24)
♦ Thank You that the 5th Circuit Court of Appeals temporarily reversed a U.S. District judge’s order which had blocked a Texas law allowing police to arrest illegals will; & that the law will stay in effect for the time being. (3/4/24)
♦ for guidance, protection, & strength for Sundance (& networks) in his work, research, & communication w/ people of the Eastern EU countries who have successfully organized solidarity movements countering totalitarian govt. overreach in their own countries. (2/18/24)
♦ Thank You that Sundance is safely back home; for Your guidance & protection throughout his trip; & for filling his path with people who just wanted to make sure he got home safely.
♦ we pray also for guidance, protection, & strength for Sundance’s travel companions who were intercepted by officials in their own countries & are in custody, unofficially having broken no laws. (3/5/24)
♦ Thank You for the success Texas AG Ken Paxton is having w/ his numerous endorsed state candidates who primaried Bush-supported Republicans who targeted him & President Trump (3/6/24)
♦ Thank You for the preliminary injunction Texas AG Ken Paxton secured against an attempt by the Biden Administration to illegally redirect statutorily obligated funds away from the construction of a border wall. (3/8/24)
♦ Thank You for the MAGA grassroots takeover of the RNC w/ the election of Michael Watley as chair & Lara Trump as co-chair of the RNC; & for the further revealing news of how Trump took the RNC from 3M to 50M email-subscribers. (3/8/24)
♦ for guidance, protection, & strength for Sheriff Dar Leaf (& staff) in his ongoing Michigan 2020 election fraud investigation relating to Dominion CEO John Poulos, Dominion employees & contractors, Jocelyn Benson, Dana Nessle, J. Alex Halderman, and others; & for protection against Muskegan County prosecutor D.J. Hilson’s attempts to usurp, obstruct, delay, & bury his investigation. (3/8/24)
♦ Thank You that Irish voters rejected a leftist referendum to make a constitutional change that would have redefined what it meant in Ireland to be a woman or family. (3/9/24)
♦ Thank You for President Trump’s victories in the Caucuses/Primaries; & Thank You that with the wins in GA & MS, President Trump has officially garnered enough delegates to be the nominee for the Republican party. (3/13/24)
Dear God,
I bow my head and ask,
If it be Thy Will,
Please save this land from those who seek to destroy it.
In Jesus’ Name…..Amen
Praying for Sundance and his Mission…
As we wait for the NYC verdict, we already know where is our trust.
Psalm 56 (text and audio)
﻿﻿
Praying for “our” beloved president (the one who puts people first). Praying for all of you dear people!
God bless America–
Our home sweet home!
  🙏❤️🤍💙🦁👑🇺🇲🙏
Amen!
Psalm 56
“Be gracious to me, O God, for man has trampled upon me;
fighting all day long he oppresses me.
My foes have trampled upon me all day long,
For they are many who fight proudly against me.
When I am afraid, I will put my trust in You.
In God, whose word I praise,
In God I have put my trust;
I shall not be afraid.
What can mere man do to me?
All day long they distort my words;
All their thoughts are against me for evil.
They attack, they lurk, they watch my steps,
As they have waited to take my life.
Because of wickedness, cast them forth,
In anger put down the peoples, O God!
You have taken account of my wanderings;
Put my tears in Your bottle.
Are they not in Your book?
Then my enemies will turn back in the day when I call;
This I know, that God is for me.
 In God, whose word I praise,
In the Lord, whose word I praise,
In God I have put my trust, I shall not be afraid.
What can man do to me?
Your vows are binding upon me, O God;
I will render thank offerings to You.
For You have delivered my soul from death,
Indeed my feet from stumbling,
So that I may walk before God
In the light of the living.”
Thursday morning – May 30, 2024 (California time)
Thank you, Stillwater . . . Grandma Covfefe, Hallelujah . . . praying and praising!
Getting ready to pray the Complete Rosary (all 20 mysteries/decades) this morning for the following:
Peter Navarro and his family, his fellow prisoners and their families, the guards and other personnel and their families
The J6 Prisoners and their families, their fellow prisoners and their families, the guards and other personnel and their families
Allen Weisselberg and his family, his fellow prisoners and their families, the guards and other personnel and their families
I am asking the dear Blessed Mother to step in and help all of the people above, for her Son to enter the hearts of all and set them free from everything that keeps pulling them down, do not let them be crushed or destroyed but restore them.  I ask for their prayers to be answered, in all shapes and sizes of miracles that they may be strongly encouraged, lifted up and have hope and confidence for each day.  Help all of them – on the inside and the outside – that they may encourage each other with even more prayer and hope – blessings for their spouses, their parents and grandparents and siblings and children, innocent children who have a beautiful life ahead for them, keep them safe and well.
Saying “Hallelujah” in advance of prayers answered!
hope this is okay to share; I like to listen to the various Gregorian chants while reading and praying at the Still Hour, find they help clear the mind and focus on the prayers offered:
“(To the chief Musician, Altaschith, A Psalm or Song of Asaph.)
Unto thee, O God, do we give thanks, unto thee do we give thanks: for that thy name is near thy wondrous works declare.
When I shall receive the congregation I will judge uprightly.
The earth and all the inhabitants thereof are dissolved: I bear up the pillars of it. Selah.
I said unto the fools, Deal not foolishly: and to the wicked, Lift not up the horn:
Lift not up your horn on high: speak not with a stiff neck.
For promotion cometh neither from the east, nor from the west, nor from the south.
But God is the judge: he putteth down one, and setteth up another.” ~ Ps 75:1-7
Psalm 75 – Audio – Text
– – – – –
“Heaviness in the heart of man maketh it stoop: but a good word maketh it glad.
The righteous is more excellent than his neighbour: but the way of the wicked seduceth them.
The slothful man roasteth not that which he took in hunting: but the substance of a diligent man is precious.
In the way of righteousness is life; and in the pathway thereof there is no death.” ~ Prov 12:25-28
Proverbs 12 – (audio & text)
Most recent prayers & praises… (partial list)
(Prayer list links: main post, 3 smaller posts)
“O come, let us worship and bow down: let us kneel before the LORD our maker.” ~ Ps 95:6
“Enter into His gates with thanksgiving, and into His courts with praise: be thankful unto Him, and bless his name.” ~ Ps 100:4
“For where two or three are gathered together in my name, there am I in the midst of them.” ~ Matt 18:20
“This is the day which the LORD hath made; we will rejoice and be glad in it.” ~ Ps 118:24
Heavenly Father, we pray in Jesus’ name, according to Thy will…
♦ For continuing 24/7 protection, health, & guidance for President Trump, First Lady Melania, Barron, Don Jr, Ivanka, Eric, Tiffany, & their families; MAGA Team, & Trump Legal Team in all of their endeavors.
♦ We pray for the covering of the Precious Blood of Jesus over President Trump, his family, legal team, & supporters with the various federal & state indictments…
♦ & we pray that You would turn what is meant for evil to good.
(Gen. 50:20; Ps 1:15, 16; Ps 9:15; Ps 73:17-20; Prov 26:27; I Cor 3:19; Isa 54:17; I Cor 1:26-29)
♦ for guidance, protection, & strength for the Jan. 6th political prisoners being illegally held in D.C. & elsewhere
♦ for guidance, protection, & strength for Peter Navarro who has been sentenced to 4 months in prison for defying a subpoena from the sham J6 Committee. (1/25/24)
[Navarro reported to prison after the Supreme Court denied his bid to stay out of prison. (3/19/24)]
♦ Thank You that Gov. Youngkin vetoed Senate Bill 606, the Democrat Party’s attempt to have Virginia re-enter the Eric voter registration system. (3/8/24)
♦ Thank You for Doctors Mary Talley Bowden, Paul Marik, & Robert Apter & their landmark case against the FDA, which has set an important precedent in limiting FDA overreach into the doctor-patient relationship; & that the FDA has lost its war on Ivermectin & has agreed to remove all related social media posts & consumer directives regarding Ivermectin & COVID (3/21/24)
♦ Thank You that shareholders of Digital World Acquisition Corp. (DWAC), a special purpose acquisition company (SPAC), approved a merger with Truth Social’s parent company, Trump Media & Technology Group & that it is now trading under the NASDAQ id “DJT”. (3/22/24 & 3/26/24) (CTH)
♦ for healing for Kate Middleton, Princess of Wales, from cancer and other health challenges she may be going through; for comfort & strength for Kate, Prince William & their children; & that their family will see & feel Your presence in their lives during this time of difficulty. (3/22/24) 
♦ Thank You that the Arizona Supreme Court has reinstated a pre-statehood abortion law from 1867, effectively outlawing the procedure except in the instances where it is necessary to save a mother’s life. (4/9/24)
♦ for health & protection for 76 year old Trump organization CFO Allen Weisselberg who has been sentenced to 5 months in prison. (4/10/24)
♦ Thank You that attorney Sidney Powell has been completely vindicated after the 5th District of Texas Court of Appeals in Dallas has affirmed the Texas state court’s dismissal of the Texas Bar’s case against Powell. (4/17/24)
♦ for continued guidance, protection, & strength for Sundance in his work, research, & communication w/ people in Russia; & for safety on his trip back home. (4/21/24)
♦ Thank You for Judge Aileen Cannon’s unsealing & unredacting of the Trump Legal Motion that exposes the DOJ fraudulent case against him. (4/22/24)(4/24/24)
♦ Thank You for the signing of the “Baby Olivia Act” into law in Tennessee requiring public schools to show students video of unborn babies developing in the womb. (4/23/24)
♦ Thank You that Judge Aileen Cannon has indefinitely suspended the classified documents case against President Trump. (5/7/24)
♦ Thank You for the massive MAGA Rally (80K+) in Wildwood, New Jersey; that the Lawfare strategy keeping President Trump locked down in NYC & off the campaign trail is failing. (5/11/24)
♦ for guidance, protection, & strength for the small town of Thornaple in Rusk County, WI, who are being investigated by the DOJ Civil Rights Division for eliminating electronic voting machines and opting for paper ballots. (5/14/24)
♦♦♦ for protection, healing, & recovery for populist Slovakian Prime Minister Robert Fico who has been shot five times, only days after Fico formally & publicly rejected The WHO Pandemic Accord; & for guidance for the medical staff who are treating him. (5/15/24)
♦ for healing & recovery for Former Brazilian President Jair Bolsonaro with his recent hospitalization due to skin infection; for wisdom & guidance for the medical staff involved in treating him. (5/5/24)
♦ Thank You that Bolsonaro will be able to go back to Brasila & that everything will be back to normal in a week. (5/17/24)
♦ for guidance, protection, & strength for Trump lawyers’ John Eastman, Christina Bobb, & Rudy Giuliani who have been arraigned on junk charges related to the Arizona alternate electors; & also for those lawyers who have been disbarred or had their law license put at risk by corrupt entities engaging in Lawfare. (5/18/24 & 5/21/24)
♦ Thank You for the large, enthusiastic turnout at the South Bronx, NY MAGA Rally (25-30k); & that the opposition’s attempt to keep President Trump off the campaign trail has resulted in President Trump deciding to make a play for New York and other historically blue areas of the country (VA, NM & MN). (5/23/24)
♦ For wisdom & guidance in all of our prayers, posts, & comments in “The Still Hour”; that Christ Jesus, the only begotten Son of God the Father, & the Word of God, would be honored, glorified, exalted & magnified in all of our activities.
(John 3:16-18; 1:14) (Col 1:9-18) (Rev 4:11) (Phil 2:9-11) (Ps 8:9) (Ps 46:10) (Ps 40:16) (Ps 138:2)
– – – – –
“The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ, and the love of God, and the communion of the Holy Ghost, be with you all. Amen.” ~ II Cor 13:14a
“The LORD is my shepherd…” ~ Psalm 23
“Is not this the fast that I have chosen?” ~ Isaiah 58:6-14 (1-14) (a|t)
“The Sermon on the Mount” – Matthew 5-7 (a|t); (Luke 6:17-49) (a|t)
“In the beginning was the Word…” ~ The Gospel According to St. John (a|t)
“Psalm 27 | 34 | 37 | 40 | 63 | 91 | 119 | 143”
“Footprints in the Sand” | “The Starfish Story”
Praying for All the above with all my heart and soul !
🙏❤️🤍💙🙏
🙏🦁👑🙏
🙏🇺🇲🙏
Stillwater…
I’ve just sent you a second email.  Please respond, or else the post will remain the same for the next 90 days.
Okay, I’ll check my email.
“… and so we shall always be with the Lord.”
1 Thessalonians 4 (text and audio)
Friday morning – May 31, 2024 (California time)
Thank you, Stillwater . . . Grandma Covfefe, Hallelujah . . . praying and praising!
All of your prayers to cover so many dear people, with President Trump and his family and of course our precious country at the forefront of our daily prayers and knowing that so many others are doing the same . . . seeing various prayers answered and people vindicated is so powerful.
Getting ready to pray the Complete Rosary (all 20 mysteries/decades) this morning for the following:
Peter Navarro and his family, his fellow prisoners and their families, the guards and other personnel and their families
The J6 Prisoners and their families, their fellow prisoners and their families, the guards and other personnel and their families
Allen Weisselberg and his family, his fellow prisoners and their families, the guards and other personnel and their families
Please Blessed Mother, watch over all of the above people and their families – keep them well and safe, inside and outside – answer their prayers for their needs, to give them hope and confidence for the day ahead – pour blessings out upon them, in all shapes and sizes – I am praying for them to be able to be defiant in prayer, against evil – help them to gather together and pray – and where their loved ones are in the various jails or prisons, I ask that those places  become citadels of fellowship bonding together, helping all inside to have hope for the future. Fill those places with Your light, dear God.  Heal them.
Saying “Hallelujah” in advance of prayers answered!
Take Time to Be Holy ~ William D. Longstaff, 1883
“Thou wilt keep him in perfect peace, whose mind is stayed on thee: because he trusteth in thee. Trust ye in the LORD for ever: for in the LORD JEHOVAH is everlasting strength:” ~ Isaiah 26:3, 4
Daily verses from Psalms & Proverbs – 6/1/24
“For in the hand of the LORD there is a cup, and the wine is red; it is full of mixture; and he poureth out of the same: but the dregs thereof, all the wicked of the earth shall wring them out, and drink them.
But I will declare for ever; I will sing praises to the God of Jacob.
All the horns of the wicked also will I cut off; but the horns of the righteous shall be exalted.” ~ Ps 75:8-10
Psalm 75 – Audio – Text
– – – – –
“A wise son heareth his father’s instruction: but a scorner heareth not rebuke.
A man shall eat good by the fruit of his mouth: but the soul of the transgressors shall eat violence.
He that keepeth his mouth keepeth his life: but he that openeth wide his lips shall have destruction.” ~ Prov 13:1-3
Proverbs 13 – (audio & text)
Most recent prayers & praises… (partial list)
(Prayer list links: main post, 3 smaller posts)
“For where two or three are gathered together in my name, there am I in the midst of them.” ~ Matt 18:20
“O come, let us worship and bow down: let us kneel before the LORD our maker.” ~ Ps 95:6
“Enter into His gates with thanksgiving, and into His courts with praise: be thankful unto Him, and bless his name.” ~ Ps 100:4
“This is the day which the LORD hath made; we will rejoice and be glad in it.” ~ Ps 118:24
Heavenly Father, we pray in Jesus’ name, according to Thy will…
♦ For continuing 24/7 protection, health, & guidance for President Trump, First Lady Melania, Barron, Don Jr, Ivanka, Eric, Tiffany, & their families; MAGA Team, & Trump Legal Team in all of their endeavors.
♦ We pray for the covering of the Precious Blood of Jesus over President Trump, his family, legal team, & supporters with the various federal & state indictments…
♦ & we pray that You would turn what is meant for evil to good.
(Gen. 50:20; Ps 1:15, 16; Ps 9:15; Ps 73:17-20; Prov 26:27; I Cor 3:19; Isa 54:17; I Cor 1:26-29)
♦ for guidance, protection, & strength for the Jan. 6th political prisoners being illegally held in D.C. & elsewhere
♦ for guidance, protection, & strength for Peter Navarro who has been sentenced to 4 months in prison for defying a subpoena from the sham J6 Committee. (1/25/24)
[Navarro reported to prison after the Supreme Court denied his bid to stay out of prison. (3/19/24)]
♦ Thank You that Gov. Youngkin vetoed Senate Bill 606, the Democrat Party’s attempt to have Virginia re-enter the Eric voter registration system. (3/8/24)
♦ for healing for Kate Middleton, Princess of Wales, from cancer and other health challenges she may be going through; for comfort & strength for Kate, Prince William & their children; & that their family will see & feel Your presence in their lives during this time of difficulty. (3/22/24) 
♦ for health & protection for 76 year old Trump organization CFO Allen Weisselberg who has been sentenced to 5 months in prison. (4/10/24)
♦ for continued guidance, protection, & strength for Sundance in his work, research, & communication w/ people in Russia; & for safety on his trip back home. (4/21/24)
♦ for guidance, protection, & strength for the small town of Thornaple in Rusk County, WI, who are being investigated by the DOJ Civil Rights Division for eliminating electronic voting machines and opting for paper ballots. (5/14/24)
♦♦♦ for protection, healing, & recovery for populist Slovakian Prime Minister Robert Fico who has been shot five times, only days after Fico formally & publicly rejected The WHO Pandemic Accord; & for guidance for the medical staff who are treating him. (5/15/24)
♦ for healing & recovery for Former Brazilian President Jair Bolsonaro with his recent hospitalization due to skin infection; for wisdom & guidance for the medical staff involved in treating him. (5/5/24)
♦ Thank You that Bolsonaro will be able to go back to Brasila & that everything will be back to normal in a week. (5/17/24)
♦ for guidance, protection, & strength for Trump lawyers’ John Eastman, Christina Bobb, & Rudy Giuliani who have been arraigned on junk charges related to the Arizona alternate electors; & also for those lawyers who have been disbarred or had their law license put at risk by corrupt entities engaging in Lawfare. (5/18/24 & 5/21/24)
♦ Thank You for the large, enthusiastic turnout at the South Bronx, NY MAGA Rally (25-30k); & that the opposition’s attempt to keep President Trump off the campaign trail has resulted in President Trump deciding to make a play for New York and other historically blue areas of the country (VA, NM & MN). (5/23/24)
♦ For wisdom & guidance in all of our prayers, posts, & comments in “The Still Hour”; that Christ Jesus, the only begotten Son of God the Father, & the Word of God, would be honored, glorified, exalted & magnified in all of our activities.
(John 3:16-18; 1:14) (Col 1:9-18) (Rev 4:11) (Phil 2:9-11) (Ps 8:9) (Ps 46:10) (Ps 40:16) (Ps 138:2)
– – – – –
“The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ, and the love of God, and the communion of the Holy Ghost, be with you all. Amen.” ~ II Cor 13:14a
“The LORD is my shepherd…” ~ Psalm 23
“Is not this the fast that I have chosen?” ~ Isaiah 58:6-14 (1-14) (a|t)
“The Sermon on the Mount” – Matthew 5-7 (a|t); (Luke 6:17-49) (a|t)
“In the beginning was the Word…” ~ The Gospel According to St. John (a|t)
“Psalm 27 | 34 | 37 | 40 | 63 | 91 | 119 | 143”
“Footprints in the Sand” | “The Starfish Story”
https://truthsocial.com/@realDonaldTrump/112538103206480157
Amen!
Praying for All the above !
Have a great weekend Stillwater , thanks for  being here !
Thank you Betsy… Hope you have a great weekend as well ~ 🙂
Saturday morning – June 1, 2024 (California time)
Thank you, Stillwater . . . Grandma Covfefe, Hallelujah . . . praying and praising!
All of your prayers to cover so many dear people, with President Trump and his family and of course our precious country at the forefront of our daily prayers and knowing that so many others are doing the same . . . seeing various prayers answered and people vindicated is so powerful.
Getting ready to pray the Complete Rosary (all 20 mysteries/decades) this morning for the following:
Peter Navarro and his family, his fellow prisoners and their families, the guards and other personnel and their families
The J6 Prisoners and their families, their fellow prisoners and their families, the guards and other personnel and their families
Allen Weisselberg and his family, his fellow prisoners and their families, the guards and other personnel and their families
Asking for blessings to pour down on all of these people, dear Mary, please help them – on the inside and the outside.  Keep them well and safe.  Asking for their prayers to be answered and their hope to be gratified.  Please watch over all of the families and help them to pray and have confidence and strength for each day.  Help their children to do well in school and keep them safe and well, being free to learn all they can.  Watch over their parents and grandparents, help them to get help they need for any medical issues, heal them and bless them.  
Please help the people on the inside, to obtain serenity and to build a fellowship of prayer.  In AA, there are – or there were – prayer meetings that you could find on every morning at perhaps 6:30, sometimes called “Attitude Adjustment” and a person could stop by there on the way to work and get the day started nicely.  I hope they can have early morning prayer meetings to start off the day or perhaps where so inclined, they might take up the rosary and pray it individually (the set of mysteries for that particular day, takes about 20 minutes) and in that way have fellowship even if in separate places.
One of the promises for praying the rosary is that Mary will crush the head of the serpent.
Saying “Hallelujah” in advance of prayers answered!
Daily verses from Psalms & Proverbs – 6/2/24
“(To the chief Musician on Neginoth, A Psalm or Song of Asaph.)
In Judah is God known: his name is great in Israel.
In Salem also is his tabernacle, and his dwelling place in Zion.
There brake he the arrows of the bow, the shield, and the sword, and the battle. Selah.” ~ Ps 76:1-3
Psalm 76 – Audio – Text
– – – – –
“The soul of the sluggard desireth, and hath nothing: but the soul of the diligent shall be made fat.
A righteous man hateth lying: but a wicked man is loathsome, and cometh to shame.
Righteousness keepeth him that is upright in the way: but wickedness overthroweth the sinner.” ~ Prov 13:4-6
Proverbs 13 – (audio & text)
Most recent prayers & praises… (partial list)
(Prayer list links: main post, 3 smaller posts)
“For where two or three are gathered together in my name, there am I in the midst of them.” ~ Matt 18:20
“O come, let us worship and bow down: let us kneel before the LORD our maker.” ~ Ps 95:6
“Enter into His gates with thanksgiving, and into His courts with praise: be thankful unto Him, and bless his name.” ~ Ps 100:4
“This is the day which the LORD hath made; we will rejoice and be glad in it.” ~ Ps 118:24
Heavenly Father, we pray in Jesus’ name, according to Thy will…
♦ For continuing 24/7 protection, health, & guidance for President Trump, First Lady Melania, Barron, Don Jr, Ivanka, Eric, Tiffany, & their families; MAGA Team, & Trump Legal Team in all of their endeavors.
♦ We pray for the covering of the Precious Blood of Jesus over President Trump, his family, legal team, & supporters with the various federal & state indictments…
♦ & we pray that You would turn what is meant for evil to good.
(Gen. 50:20; Ps 1:15, 16; Ps 9:15; Ps 73:17-20; Prov 26:27; I Cor 3:19; Isa 54:17; I Cor 1:26-29)
♦ for guidance, protection, & strength for the Jan. 6th political prisoners being illegally held in D.C. & elsewhere
♦ for guidance, protection, & strength for Peter Navarro who has been sentenced to 4 months in prison for defying a subpoena from the sham J6 Committee. (1/25/24)
[Navarro reported to prison after the Supreme Court denied his bid to stay out of prison. (3/19/24)]
♦ Thank You that Gov. Youngkin vetoed Senate Bill 606, the Democrat Party’s attempt to have Virginia re-enter the Eric voter registration system. (3/8/24)
♦ for healing for Kate Middleton, Princess of Wales, from cancer and other health challenges she may be going through; for comfort & strength for Kate, Prince William & their children; & that their family will see & feel Your presence in their lives during this time of difficulty. (3/22/24) 
♦ for health & protection for 76 year old Trump organization CFO Allen Weisselberg who has been sentenced to 5 months in prison. (4/10/24)
♦ for continued guidance, protection, & strength for Sundance in his work, research, & communication w/ people in Russia; & for safety on his trip back home. (4/21/24)
♦ for guidance, protection, & strength for the small town of Thornaple in Rusk County, WI, who are being investigated by the DOJ Civil Rights Division for eliminating electronic voting machines and opting for paper ballots. (5/14/24)
♦♦♦ for protection, healing, & recovery for populist Slovakian Prime Minister Robert Fico who has been shot five times, only days after Fico formally & publicly rejected The WHO Pandemic Accord; & for guidance for the medical staff who are treating him. (5/15/24)
♦ for healing & recovery for Former Brazilian President Jair Bolsonaro with his recent hospitalization due to skin infection; for wisdom & guidance for the medical staff involved in treating him. (5/5/24)
♦ Thank You that Bolsonaro will be able to go back to Brasila & that everything will be back to normal in a week. (5/17/24)
♦ for guidance, protection, & strength for Trump lawyers’ John Eastman, Christina Bobb, & Rudy Giuliani who have been arraigned on junk charges related to the Arizona alternate electors; & also for those lawyers who have been disbarred or had their law license put at risk by corrupt entities engaging in Lawfare. (5/18/24 & 5/21/24)
♦ Thank You for the large, enthusiastic turnout at the South Bronx, NY MAGA Rally (25-30k); & that the opposition’s attempt to keep President Trump off the campaign trail has resulted in President Trump deciding to make a play for New York and other historically blue areas of the country (VA, NM & MN). (5/23/24)
♦ For wisdom & guidance in all of our prayers, posts, & comments in “The Still Hour”; that Christ Jesus, the only begotten Son of God the Father, & the Word of God, would be honored, glorified, exalted & magnified in all of our activities.
(John 3:16-18; 1:14) (Col 1:9-18) (Rev 4:11) (Phil 2:9-11) (Ps 8:9) (Ps 46:10) (Ps 40:16) (Ps 138:2)
– – – – –
“The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ, and the love of God, and the communion of the Holy Ghost, be with you all. Amen.” ~ II Cor 13:14a
“The LORD is my shepherd…” ~ Psalm 23
“Is not this the fast that I have chosen?” ~ Isaiah 58:6-14 (1-14) (a|t)
“The Sermon on the Mount” – Matthew 5-7 (a|t); (Luke 6:17-49) (a|t)
“In the beginning was the Word…” ~ The Gospel According to St. John (a|t)
“Psalm 27 | 34 | 37 | 40 | 63 | 91 | 119 | 143”
“Footprints in the Sand” | “The Starfish Story”
Praying for All  the above  !
Hebrews 9 (text and audio)