Ryan Smith is a Newsweek Senior Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in London, U.K. His focus is reporting on pop culture and entertainment. He has covered film, TV, music, and Hollywood celebrity news, events, and red carpets for more than a decade. He previously led teams on major Hollywood awards shows and events, including the Oscars, Grammys, Golden Globes, MTV VMAs, MTV Movie Awards, ESPYs, BET Awards, and Cannes Film Festival. He has interviewed scores of A-list celebrities and contributed across numerous U.S. TV networks on coverage of Hollywood breaking news stories. Ryan joined Newsweek in 2021 from the Daily Mail and had previously worked at Vogue Italia and OK! magazine. Languages: English. Some knowledge of German and Russian. You can get in touch with Ryan by emailing r.smith@newsweek.com.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
Taylor Swift left Jeopardy! Tournament of Champions contestants speechless during Thursday's installment, when all three were stumped on a clue regarding one of her earlier tracks.
Ben Chan, a philosophy professor from Green Bay, Wisconsin; Yogesh Raut, a social and personality psychologist from Vancouver, Washington; and Troy Meyer, a music executive from Tampa, Florida, battled it out for the ultimate glory as they came one step closer to the $250,000 prize on the syndicated quiz show.
And while each contestant has proven the trivia prowess that has landed them in the current Tournament of Champions competition, it would appear that they might need to brush up on their knowledge when it comes to pop icon Swift.
During the Jeopardy! Round, host Ken Jennings read out the following $400 clue from the "Songs of Youth" category: "Inspired by her bestie, Tay Tay sang when 'somebody tells you they love you' at this title age 'you're gonna believe them.'"
Per the Jeopardy! archives, the clue ended up proving to be the episode's sole triple-stumper, with Meyer and Raut incorrectly guessing 17 and 22, respectively.
"We're gonna get killed for that," Meyer laughed, as none of the contestants correctly guessed that the answer was actually "Fifteen," the track taken from Swift's second studio album Fearless, which was released back in 2008.
Jeopardy! viewers took to X, formerly Twitter, to discuss the moment, with some predicting that there could well be an influx of criticism for the missed clue.
"The Swifties about to descend on the Alex Trebek Stage," quipped one X user.
The Swifties about to descend on the Alex Trebek Stage…#Jeopardy pic.twitter.com/TlCSPIizyu
"Yes #Jeopardy! players, Twitter is going to rip you apart for not knowing 15 by Taylor Swift," wrote another.
"I can't believe the one triple stumper this episode was about Taylor Swift," said another viewer.
It would appear that the contestants need not fear the wrath of Swift's devoted army of fans, as there is (currently) very little mention of the Jeopardy! moment online.
This is not the first time that Swift has inspired clues on the show. During the primetime Jeopardy! show back in January, contestants were tasked with responding to clues from categories bearing such titles as "Love Story," "Our Song," "Bad Blood," "Shake It Off," "We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together," and "The Errors Tour."
While the clues were not Swift-related, the categories referred to some of her hit songs, as well as her blockbuster Eras Tour, which resumes later this year. The "Love Story" category was about fictional romances, while "Shake It Off" required contestants to "shake off" a few letters from a word to get the correct response.
On a Celebrity Jeopardy! episode in 2023, there was an entire category of Swift-related questions called "Also a Taylor Swift Song." Contestants faced clues about words that mean one thing, but are also the name of one of Swift's hit songs.
Swift has dominated headlines over the past several months for more than just her music. She embarked on her wildly popular Eras Tour, which became the first to gross over a billion dollars. The tour has had profound economic effects on numerous cities and towns that saw mini booms during her tour stops, and even the U.S. economy as a whole has benefited.
Ten college classes have been devoted to Swift, according to Time magazine, which in December named her its "Person of the Year." There has also been a huge increase in football viewership as a result of her high-profile relationship with Kansas City Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce.
The singer has also become a talking point for what she hasn't done, which in the most anticipated case is publicly endorse a presidential candidate. Expectations that the influential star will endorse President Joe Biden, who she backed in 2020, have seen her preemptively attacked by a faction of Donald Trump supporters.
Ryan Smith is a Newsweek Senior Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in London, U.K. His focus is reporting on pop culture and entertainment. He has covered film, TV, music, and Hollywood celebrity news, events, and red carpets for more than a decade. He previously led teams on major Hollywood awards shows and events, including the Oscars, Grammys, Golden Globes, MTV VMAs, MTV Movie Awards, ESPYs, BET Awards, and Cannes Film Festival. He has interviewed scores of A-list celebrities and contributed across numerous U.S. TV networks on coverage of Hollywood breaking news stories. Ryan joined Newsweek in 2021 from the Daily Mail and had previously worked at Vogue Italia and OK! magazine. Languages: English. Some knowledge of German and Russian. You can get in touch with Ryan by emailing r.smith@newsweek.com.
Ryan Smith is a Newsweek Senior Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in London, U.K. His focus is reporting on pop culture and entertainment. He has covered film, TV, music, and Hollywood celebrity news, events, and red carpets for more than a decade. He previously led teams on major Hollywood awards shows and events, including the Oscars, Grammys, Golden Globes, MTV VMAs, MTV Movie Awards, ESPYs, BET Awards, and Cannes Film Festival. He has interviewed scores of A-list celebrities and contributed across numerous U.S. TV networks on coverage of Hollywood breaking news stories. Ryan joined Newsweek in 2021 from the Daily Mail and had previously worked at Vogue Italia and OK! magazine. Languages: English. Some knowledge of German and Russian. You can get in touch with Ryan by emailing r.smith@newsweek.com.
Ryan Smith is a Newsweek Senior Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in London, U.K. His focus is reporting on                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC