These cuties.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce are "nesting" right now.
Both at the apex of their working life, the lovebirds are enjoying a much-deserved "break from the buzz of their careers" at the moment, as they ride the high of Kelce's Super Bowl win with the Kansas City Chiefs and Swift wrapping up the East Asian leg of her Eras Tour with a six-night run in Singapore.
"They’re focused on rest and recuperation and relaxing at home and having low-key and chill time together," a source tells Us Weekly. "They are enjoying movie nights in her home theater, catching up on films and shows they’ve missed."
The source continued, "They can finally rest and intend on spending quality time together and with friends and family."
Moving forward, Kelce and Swift want to make sure they're "scheduling" their working lives so that "they can see each other as much as possible," the insider added. "They don’t want to spend too much time apart."
And, the source shares, "Toward the end of the month they’re still talking about going on a private vacation where no one can find them before her new album drops."
Travis Kelce and Taylor Swift embrace after the Chiefs' Super Bowl win.
Swift announced her new album, The Tortured Poets Department, during February's Grammy Awards. The record is set to hit shelves and streaming services April 19, while the Eras Tour resumes in Europe in May.
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
Kelce has a bit of a longer break since the football pre-season doesn't start until the summer, although presumably he'll need to attend training sessions before that. He also co-hosts the podcast New Heights with brother Jason, and has just announced he's producing a documentary on Jean-Michel Basquiat as well (out of left field, but I love it).
Since these two started dating last summer, they've been incredibly supportive of each other's work, with Swift often spotted in the stands at Chiefs games, and Kelce flying around the world to cheer on his superstar girlfriend.
The power couple vibes are out of control.
Iris Goldsztajn is a London-based journalist, editor and author. She is the morning editor at Marie Claire, and her work has appeared in the likes of British Vogue, InStyle, Cosmopolitan, Refinery29 and SELF. Iris writes about everything from celebrity news and relationship advice to the pitfalls of diet culture and the joys of exercise. She has many opinions on Harry Styles, and can typically be found eating her body weight in cheap chocolate.

The late Queen broke protocol when her grandson was unhappy about one aspect of his big day.


The late princess took control when it came to this aspect of her sons' lives.


Just another Hollywood star to join the bob-aissance.


The "Blank Space" singer was nowhere to be seen.


Mr. Perfectly Fine has responded to "Mr. Perfectly Fine".


She's supposedly the "megacelebrity friend" in Baldoni's lawsuit.


Abrams opened for Swift during the Eras Tour.


Sorry, Olympia. You'll have to get that autograph next time.


...and then removed it.


It was hidden in *checks notes* an interview with a Swedish DJ.


Their relationship has shifted over time.


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.