Manage your account
"Please don't believe everything you see on the Internet," the country superstar wrote.
Rumor has it the rift between Reba McEntire and Taylor Swift is just that: a rumor.
McEntire hit Instagram on Saturday to deny a story shared on a social media account claiming that she called Swift "an entitled little brat" because of her behavior during McEntire’s 2024 Super Bowl performance.
“Please don’t believe everything you see on the Internet,” the 68-year-old country star captioned her screenshot of a post from the America Loves Liberty Facebook page. “I did not say this.”
The post alleged that McEntire saw Swift on the big screen laughing and drinking during her performance of “The Star-Spangled Banner” that kicked off the Super Bowl festivities. The Feb. 11 event ended with Swift’s boyfriend, Travis Kelce, leading the Kansas City Chiefs to victory.
Art Streiber/NBC; Kevin Mazur/Getty
“I let her have it afterward,” the post claimed that McEntire said (while also misspelling her name).
But McEntire made it clear on Instagram that this story isn’t true.
“Taylor is a wonderful artist, strong role model, and has done so much good for so many people and the music industry,” she wrote.
Since Wednesday, the America Loves Liberty post has garnered 3,300 shares and 1,600 comments, many of them anti-Swift. Whoever is behind the account also posted a reply in the comments: “Oh my. Reba McEntire herself responded to our nonsense.”
The comment continued, “Thank you, Ma’am. We love your work. The article is as silly as the headline for a reason. It’s not supposed to be believable. Your fans were staunchly on your side long before this post.”
The moral of the story: Take a tip from Reba, and don’t believe everything you read.
Sign up for Entertainment Weekly's free daily newsletter to get breaking TV news, exclusive first looks, recaps, reviews, interviews with your favorite stars, and more.
Related content:
Reba McEntire reveals she nearly quit singing after her mother’s death in 2020
Surprise songs and what Swifties should expect from Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour concert film
Here’s every Taylor Swift movie and documentary in chronological order
Reba McEntire gets the corn maze treatment, like the queen she is
Read the original article on Entertainment Weekly.