By
			
			Elizabeth Cheema		

Two of my favorite things are the Real Housewives and Taylor Swift. The latter is arguably as famous as she has ever been, after the debut of her iconic Eras Tour. The same can be said for the Real Housewives franchise, as they captivate viewers season after season with over a dozen spin-offs and cities. 
The Real Housewives are different and unique in many ways, much like Taylor’s ten different eras. Taylor wrote each album in a different state of her life, where she experienced different milestones in terms of her career and love life. The following five Real Housewives are each in their own era, although as we know from Taylor, they never last forever!
A post shared by Monica Niki Garcia (@monicanikigarcia)
Taylor wrote Reputation when she was as controversial as ever. She was constantly under scrutiny for writing about her ex-boyfriends, as well as her feuds with several other celebrities. One of the most iconic quotes from the album was “I swear I don’t love the drama, it loves me.” This reminds me a lot of The Real Housewives Of Salt Lake City star Monica Garcia, who recently came under quite a bit of scrutiny herself. 
Monica made her RHOSLC debut during Season 4, where she was later revealed to be behind the controversial Reality Von Tease Instagram account. Toward the end of Season 4, Monica was exposed by the rest of the women who were understandably infuriated toward her. Monica’s reputation has never been worse, which Taylor certainly knows a thing or two about!
A post shared by Lisa Hochstein ? Lisa's World (@lisahochstein)
Red is Taylor’s most straightforward break-up album, which saw a 22-year-old Taylor going through some intense heartbreak. The main inspiration behind a lot of its songs was her relationship with Jake Gyllenhaal, which ended rather abruptly. The Real Housewives of Miami star Lisa Hochstein has been in her Red era as of late, after a tumultuous split from her ex-husband Lenny Hochstein. 
Although Lisa has since moved on to a relationship with Jody Glidden, Lenny is all the RHOM star has talked about so far during Season 6. Lisa’s fixation with Lenny has gotten to the point where the other women have called her out on it, as they too are tired of hearing about it. Perhaps, Lisa just needs to listen to some Red, and accept that she and Lenny are never getting back together!
A post shared by TERESA GIUDICE ® (@teresagiudice)
Taylor’s Midnights album represents a lot of different things. Ultimately, Midnights is what brought Taylor back into the spotlight, after a long and quiet hiatus. This is somewhat similar to the story of Teresa Giudice, who went to hell and back during her time on The Real Housewives of New Jersey. 
In 2015, Teresa served 11 months in prison for bankruptcy fraud. This was a rough time for the mother of four, but she did not let it stop her from making a fierce comeback. Despite spending almost a year in prison, Teresa was the only RHONJ cast member featured in all 14 seasons. There’s no question that Teresa is still bejeweled! 
A post shared by Nene Leakes (@neneleakes)
Taylor’s second album Fearless is a classic, just like The Real Housewives of Atlanta star NeNe Leakes. Fearless was what propelled Taylor into the music industry, much like NeNe was a critical part of the first few seasons of RHOA. 
Apart from being a RHOA classic, NeNe was always fearless in all of her endeavors. NeNe never hesitated to speak up for what she believed in, even when she knew there might be consequences. While NeNe was controversial at times, she was always fearlessly herself. 
A post shared by J E N N A   L Y O N S (@jennalyonsnyc)
Taylor’s Lover album represented the calm after the storm of Reputation, where she was endlessly in love. While the majority of Taylor’s albums revolve around themes of heartbreak and other stressful feelings, Lover is an innocently happy album. The Real Housewives of New York City star Jenna Lyons is currently in her Lover era, and we love that for her! 
After being single during RHONY Season 14, Jenna hard launched a new relationship with her girlfriend Cass Bird. Jenna is madly in love, much like Taylor was when she wrote Lover. Jenna was also a breath of fresh air on RHONY Season 14, where she had a more peaceful presence as opposed to the rest of the women. 
TELL US – WHAT OTHER REAL HOUSEWIVES DO YOU THINK ARE CURRENTLY IN THEIR TAYLOR SWIFT ERAS? WHICH TAYLOR SWIFT ERA ARE YOU IN?
Elizabeth is a law student based in New York, who also has a passion for writing about reality television. Elizabeth's favorite reality shows are anything from the 90 Day Fiance, and Bachelor franchises along with Survivor and The Traitors!
Share article