"Taylor is a wonderful artist, strong role model," the country music star said of Swift
Frazer Harrison/Getty; Jeff Kravitz/FilmMagic
 Reba McEntire says a widely circulated social media post about her and Taylor Swift is not true.

 Earlier this week, a Facebook page titled America Loves Liberty shared a post on the social platform, in which it alleged that the country music star, 68, had an issue with how the post claimed Swift, 34, acted during McEntire's performance at the 2024 Super Bowl.

 "Reba McIntire [sic] talks about how disappointed she was to look up at the big screen while performing The National Anthem, only to see Taylor Swift laughing and drinking and making a mockery of the event," the post said, before claiming that McEntire responded: "I let her have it afterward. She's an entitled little brat."

 Now, in a post on Instagram, McEntire shared a screenshot of the America Loves Liberty post and denied she ever said what the page claims, writing in her caption, "Please don’t believe everything you see on the Internet. I did not say this."

 "Taylor is a wonderful artist, strong role model and has done so much good for so many people and the music industry," she added.

 Never miss a story — sign up for PEOPLE's free daily newsletter to stay up-to-date on the best of what PEOPLE has to offer, from celebrity news to compelling human interest stories.

Neilson Barnard/Getty; Kevin Mazur/Getty
 During Super Bowl LVIII, McEntire performed the national anthem, while Swift attended in support of her boyfriend, the Kansas City Chiefs' Travis Kelce.

 The Chiefs beat the San Francisco 49ers 25-22 during the match-up at Allegiant Stadium in Nevada on Feb. 11.

 McEntire joined other artists who performed during the start of sporting event, including Post Malone, who sang "America the Beautiful" and Andra Day, who crooned "Lift Every Voice and Sing."

 Usher, meanwhile, brought Vegas energy, surprise guests and a set list featuring many of his hits during the halftime show.

Timothy A. Clary/AFP via Getty
 McEntire has been a longtime fan of Swift's ever since she first hit the music scene almost two decades ago.

 During a December 2023 interview with NBC's TikTok, McEntire said she first knew Swift would be a star when she saw the Midnights artist perform her song "Tim McGraw" from her debut self-titled album in front of the musician himself.

 "[Taylor] walked down the steps looking right at Tim McGraw singing, and I’m like, 'This girl’s gonna be a huge star,' " McEntire said at the time. "Number one: to walk, sing, walk downstairs at your icon that you’re really wanting to sing to and impress without a flaw. I mean, I was impressed."

 The "I'm a Survivor" singer previously teased Swift for her relationship with Kelce, 34, in October 2023, telling TODAY.com that she was upset because she herself had a crush on the NFL star.

 “Oh, my gosh, I am so mad at her because I had a crush on him,” McEntire said, adding: "Now I can’t have a crush anymore because he’s dating her. I was so devastated."

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)