By KATE DENNETT FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  09:27, 9 January 2024   |  Updated:  10:06, 9 January 2024   
 38
View  comments
Jared Leto went viral at the Golden Globes for seemingly being 'abandoned' at an empty table at the star-studded annual awards ceremony.
The actor, 52, had been seated at a table with Joaquin Phoenix and Nicolas Cage for the ceremony at the Beverly Hilton Hotel in California on Sunday night.
But viewers were left in hysterics when Jared's fellow celebrities left him alone at the table during the ceremony, sharing their amused reactions to the moment.
While Oprah Winfrey was presenting the award for Best Picture - Drama, the star-studded crowds framed the shot, with Jared seen sitting at his table solo directly behind her.
Taking to X - formerly known as Twitter - viewers were quick to jokingly question what Jared had done to prompt his table mates to 'abandon' him mid-ceremony.
Jared Leto went viral at the Golden Globes for seemingly being 'abandoned' at an empty table at the star-studded annual awards ceremony
The actor, 52, had been seated at a table with Nicolas Cage (pictured) and Joaquin Phoenix for the ceremony at the Beverly Hilton Hotel in California on Sunday night
Turning him into a meme, they quipped: 'Jared Leto sitting in a corner in a empty table is so funny like' ... 'What team bonding exercise did Jared Leto want to do w his table?'
'Jared Leto's table said: 'yeah we'll be right back'' ... 'Jared Leto clearing out his entire table before the Golden Globes ended will never not be funny to me' .... 'Jared Leto what did you do to your table mates?'
Elsewhere during the ceremony, Jared was seemingly 'snubbed' from a reunion snap of actors who have played the Joker.
Barry Keoghan took to Instagram to share a snap of himself and Joaquin Phoenix, who have both portrayed the iconic Batman villain.
Despite Jared sitting on the same table as Joaquin during the ceremony, he was not seen in the reunion snap - even though he too portrayed the Joker in Suicide Squad.
Barry, 31, played Joker in 2022's The Batman, and while he was only heard in the theatrical cut, Warner Bros. released a deleted scene with him and Robert Pattinson's Batman, shortly after the film hit theaters.
Joaquin, 49, won his first Oscar for playing the title character in 2019's Joker, which isn't connected to the over-arching DC Extended Universe. 
Uploading the snap of himself and Joaquin to social media, Barry captioned the snap post: 'Just havin' a laugh' accompanied by a clown face emoji.
But when Oprah Winfrey was presenting the award for Best Picture - Drama, Jared could be seen sitting at his table solo directly behind her, prompting amused reactions from viewers 
Taking to X - formerly known as Twitter - viewers were quick to jokingly question what Jared had done to prompt his table mates to 'abandon' him mid-ceremony
Joaquin will return as Arthur Fleck/Joker in Joker 2: Folie a Deux, starring alongside Lady Gaga as Harley Quinn. 
It was previously reported that Jared was furious about Joaquin's Joker movie after his own performance in the role that he tried to get the film canned.
In 2019, it was claimed that Jared tried to get his agents' help in killing the Warner Bros. project.
He reportedly believed he had been 'strung along' by Warner with promises of his own Joker stand-alone film after Suicide Squad, only for Joaquin to win the title of a project the studio assumed to be small. 
Jared spent months getting into character for his Joker and went as far as sending gifts to his castmates - a live rat to Harley Quinn's Margot Robbie, bullets to Deadshot actor Will Smith and a dead pig to the entire cast during rehearsal. 
Elsewhere at the Golden Globes, Both Joaquin and Barry were nominated for Golden Globes, though they came away empty-handed.
Barry was nominated for Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Motion Picture - Drama, though he lost out to Oppenheimer's Cillian Murphy.
Joaquin was nominated for Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Motion Picture - Comedy or Musical for Beau is Afraid, but he lost to The Holdovers' Paul Giamatti.
Elsewhere during the ceremony, Jared was seemingly 'snubbed' from a reunion snap of actors who have played the Joker as Barry Keoghan and Joaquin Phoenix posed together  
Despite Jared sitting on the same table as Joaquin during the ceremony, he was not seen in the reunion snap - even though he too portrayed the Joker in Suicide Squad (pictured)
Barry played Joker in 2022's The Batman, and while he was only heard in the theatrical cut, Warner Bros. released a deleted scene with him and Robert Pattinson's Batman
Joaquin, 49, won his first Oscar for playing the villain in 2019's Joker, which isn't connected to the over-arching DC Extended Universe, and will return to the role in Joker 2: Folie a Deux
Oppenheimer director Christopher Nolan also paid tribute to the late Heath Ledger, who played Joker to massive critical acclaim in 2008's The Dark Knight, during the ceremony.
'The only time I've ever been on this stage before was accepting one of these on behalf of our dear friend Heath Ledger, and that was complicated and challenging for me,' he said, while accepting the award for Best Director for Oppenheimer.
'And in the middle of speaking, I looked down at Robert Downey Jr., [who] caught my eye and gave me a look of support.'
'The same look [he's] giving me now — the same love and support he showed so many people in your community over the years,' he added.
Best Motion Picture - Drama
Anatomy of a Fall
Killers of the Flower Moon
Maestro
Oppenheimer - WINNER
Past Lives
The Zone of Interest 
Oppenheimer earned top prize Best Motion Picture - Drama (Christopher Nolan and Emma Thomas are pictured)
Best Motion Picture - Animated
The Boy and the Heron - WINNER
Elemental
Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse 
Suzume
The Super Mario Bros. Movie
Wish  
Best Motion Picture – Non-English Language
Anatomy of a Fall - WINNER
Fallen Leaves
Io Capitano
Past Lives
Society of the Snow
The Zone of Interest
Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Motion Picture – Drama
Andrew Scott - All of Us Strangers 
Barry Keoghan - Saltburn
Bradley Cooper - Maestro
Cillian Murphy - Oppenheimer - WINNER
Colman Domingo - Rustin
Leonardo DiCaprio - Killers of the Flower Moon
Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy
Jeffrey Wright - American Fiction
Joaquin Phoenix - Beau is Afraid
Matt Damon - Air
Nicolas Cage - Dream Scenario
Paul Giamatti - The Holdovers - WINNER
Timothée Chalamet - Wonka
Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Supporting Role in any Motion Picture
Charles Melton - May December
Mark Ruffalo - Poor Things
Robert De Niro - Killers of the Flower Moon
Robert Downey Jr. - Oppenheimer - WINNER
Ryan Gosling - Barbie
Willem Dafoe - Poor Things
Cillian Murphy and Robert Downey Jr. both earned Best Performance by a Male Actor and Actor in a Supporting Role in a Motion Picture for Oppenheimer, respectively
Best Screenplay - Motion Picture
Greta Gerwig and Noah Baumbach - Barbie
Tony McNamara - Poor Things
Christopher Nolan - Oppenheimer
Eric Roth and Martin Scorsese - Killers of the Flower Moon
Celine Song - Past Lives
Justine Triet and Arthur Harari - Anatomy of a Fall - WINNER
Best Original Song - Motion Picture
Addicted to Romance - She Came to Me - Bruce Springsteen
Dance the Night - Barbie - Mark Ronson, Andrew Wyatt, Dua Lipa, Caroline Ailin
I'm Just Ken - Barbie - Mark Ronson, Andrew Wyatt
Peaches - The Super Mario Bros. Movie - Jack Black, Aaron Horvath, Michael Jelenic, Eric Osmond, John Spiker
Road to Freedom - Rustin - Lenny Kravitz
What Was I Made For? - Barbie - Billie Eilish, Finneas O'Connell - WINNER
Best Television Series - Musical or Comedy
Abbott Elementary
Barry
The Bear - WINNER
Jury Duty
Only Murders in the Building
Ted Lasso 
Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Television Series – Drama
Bella Ramsey - The Last of Us
Emma Stone - The Curse
Helen Mirren - 1923
Imelda Staunton - The Crown
Keri Russell - The Diplomat
Sarah Snook - Succession - WINNER
Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Television Series – Musical or Comedy
Ayo Edebiri - The Bear -WINNER
Elle Fanning - The Great
Natasha Lyonne - Poker Face
Quinta Brunson - Abbott Elementary
Rachel Brosnahan - The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel
Selena Gomez - Only Murders in the Building 
Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Limited Series, Anthology Series, or a Motion Picture Made for Television
Ali Wong - Beef - WINNER
Brie Larson - Lessons in Chemistry
Elizabeth Olsen - Love & Death
Juno Temple - Fargo
Rachel Weisz - Dead Ringers
Riley Keough - Daisy Jones and the Six 
Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Supporting Role on Television
Abby Elliott - The Bear
Christina Ricci - Yellowjackets
Elizabeth Debicki - The Crown - WINNER
Hannah Waddingham - Ted Lasso
J. Smith-Cameron - Succession
Meryl Streep - Only Murders in the Building 
 Elizabeth Debicki won Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Supporting Role on Television for The Crown
Best Performance in Stand-Up Comedy on Television
Amy Schumer: Emergency Contact
Chris Rock: Selective Outrage
Ricky Gervais: Armageddon - WINNER
Sarah Silverman: Someone You Love
Trevor Noah: Where Was I 
Wanda Sykes: I'm an Entertainer 
Best Motion Picture - Musical or Comedy 
Air 
American Fiction
Barbie
The Holdovers
May December
Poor Things - WINNER
Cinematic and Box Office Achievement
Barbie - WINNER
Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3
John Wick: Chapter 4
Mission: Impossible - Dead Reckoning Part 1
Oppenheimer
Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse
Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour
The Super Mario Bros. Movie 
Barbie beat out Taylor Swift in a new category Cinematic and Box Office Achievement as Margot Robbie accepted
Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Motion Picture – Drama
Annette Bening - Nyad
Cailee Spaeny -  Priscilla
Carey Mulligan - Maestro
Greta Lee - Past Lives
Lily Gladstone - Killers of the Flower Moon - WINNER
Sandra Hüller - Anatomy of a Fall
Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy
Alma Pöysti - Fallen Leaves
Emma Stone - Poor Things - WINNER
Fantasia Barrino - The Color Purple (2023)
Jennifer Lawrence - No Hard Feelings
Margot Robbie - Barbie
Natalie Portman - May December 
Emma Stone triumphed as she earned Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy for Poor Things and also led the film to top honor Best Motion Picture - Musical or Comedy
Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Supporting Role in any Motion Picture
Danielle Brooks - The Color Purple (2023)
Da'Vine Joy Randolph - The Holdovers - WINNER
Emily Blunt - Oppenheimer
Jodie Foster - Nyad
Julianne Moore - May December
Rosamund Pike - Saltburn
Best Director - Motion Picture
Bradley Cooper - Maestro 
Celine Song - Past Lives
Christopher Nolan - Oppenheimer - WINNER
Greta Gerwig - Barbie
Martin Scorsese - Killers of the Flower Moon
Yorgos Lanthimos - Poor Things 
Best Original Score - Motion Picture
The Boy and the Heron
Killers of the Flower Moon
Oppenheimer - WINNER
Poor Things
Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse
The Zone of Interest 
Best Television Series - Drama
1923
The Crown
The Diplomat
The Last of Us
The Morning Show
Succession - WINNER
Succession nearly swept the television drama categories including top prize Best Television Series - Drama
Best Television Limited Series, Anthology Series, or Motion Picture Made for Television
All the Light We Cannot See
Beef - WINNER
Daisy Jones and the Six
Fargo
Fellow Travelers
Lessons in Chemistry 
Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Television Series – Drama
Brian Cox - Succession
Dominic West - The Crown
Gary Oldman - Slow Horses
Jeremy Strong - Succession
Kieran Culkin - Succession - WINNER
Pedro Pascal - The Last of Us
Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Television Series – Musical or Comedy
Bill Hader - Barry
Jason Segel - Shrinking
Jason Sudeikis - Ted Lasso
Jeremy Allen White - The Bear - WINNER
Martin Short - Only Murders in the Building
Steve Martin - Only Murders in the Building 
Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Limited Series, Anthology Series, or a Motion Picture Made for Television
David Oyelowo - Lawman: Bass Reeves
Jon Hamm - Fargo
Matt Bomer - Fellow Travelers
Sam Claflin - Daisy Jones and the Six
Steven Yeun - Beef - WINNER
Woody Harrelson - White House Plumbers 
Steven Yeun took home Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Limited Series, Anthology Series, or a Motion Picture Made for Television for Beef
Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Supporting Role on Television
Alan Ruck - Succession 
Alexander Skarsgård - Succession
Billy Crudup - The Morning Show
Ebon Moss-Bachrach - The Bear
James Marsden - Jury Duty
Matthew Macfadyen - Succession - WINNER 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group