ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
MELBOURNE, AUSTRALIA - FEBRUARY 16: EDITORIAL USE ONLY. NO BOOK COVERS Taylor Swift performs at ... More Melbourne Cricket Ground on February 16, 2024 in Melbourne, Australia. (Photo by Graham Denholm/TAS24/Getty Images for TAS Rights Management)
Not a week goes by that Taylor Swift doesn’t dominate Billboard’s Vinyl Albums chart. The singer has no issue selling copies of not just her latest or biggest releases on the format, but pretty much every title she’s ever shared on wax. Fans of the superstar continue to buy her projects in sizable quantities every frame, and this time around, one of her most popular vinyl albums is back on the tally, adding to her overall domination.
Swift fills seven spots on this week’s Vinyl Albums chart. The ranking of the bestselling vinyl titles in the U.S. only features 25 spaces, so she claims nearly one-third of the entire tally. That would be a historic performance for anyone else, but for Swift, it’s not uncommon.
The singer-songwriter ups the total number of spots she fills on the Vinyl Albums chart this week as Red (Taylor’s Version) reappears on the list. Swift’s reworked take on her full-length Red is back at No. 25, in last place on the roster. It has previously topped the tally.
Of Swift’s seven placements on the Vinyl Albums chart, only two are on the rise. The highest-ranking for the bunch is Folklore, which ascends from No. 4 to No. 3. That set is Swift’s top placement this frame.
Another one of Swift’s re-recordings improves on the Vinyl Albums chart, but not by much. Speak Now (Taylor’s Version) steps up from No. 20 to No. 19. Like Folklore before it, this project has also previously ruled the vinyl list.
Four of Swift’s releases that are currently present on the Vinyl Albums chart fall from where they sat last week. 1989 (Taylor’s Version) and Lover both slip slightly from last frame and appear next to one another at Nos. 5 and 6, respectively. She claims a third spot inside the top 10, as Midnights declines from No. 9 to No. 10.
Last frame, Swift scored four top 10s on the Vinyl Albums chart, but one of her bestsellers falls from the region this period. Evermore is down from No. 10 to No. 12, slipping slightly outside of the highest tier on the ranking.