Manage your account
Carmichael joined Swift at the Kansas City Chiefs' playoff game against the Buffalo Bills on Jan. 21
John Fleenor via Getty Images; Kevin Mazur/Getty Images
Jerrod Carmichael is sharing an insight into his friendship with Taylor Swift.
The comedian and actor, 36, appeared on Wednesday’s episode of Jimmy Kimmel Live! and spoke about his love of Swift, 34, and how she invited him to watch the Kansas City Chiefs' playoff game against the Buffalo Bills back in January.
“That’s my best friend, Taylor’s my best friend,” Carmichael said with a smile on his face as a photo of the pair at the Jan. 21 game flashed up on the screen. “Like I’m not her best friend but she’s my best friend. Can you think of a better friend to have than Taylor Swift?”
“I called my former best friend, I was like you’re out, Taylor's in” the star continued. “You never invited me on your jet to a game. She’s very smart and interesting.”
Never miss a story — sign up for PEOPLE's free daily newsletter to stay up-to-date on the best of what PEOPLE has to offer, from juicy celebrity news to compelling human interest stories.
Related: Every Time Taylor Swift Went to a Kansas City Chiefs Game — and Whether or Not the Team Won
“She called you and said, ‘Hey you want to come to the game with me?,’ ” Kimmel, 56, asked Carmichael, to which he replied, “Yeah, yeah, and she knows more about football more than I do."
Swift's boyfriend, Travis Kelce, plays for the Kansas City Chiefs as a tight end and wears the #87 jersey.
Kimmel then asked whether Carmichael asked Swift questions about football while they were at the game, leading to the On the Count of Three actor to joke, “Yeah, I’m the girlfriend in that situation.”
Jimmy Kimmel Live/Youtube
Related: Kenny Chesney Recognized Taylor Swift's Talent 'Early' — but Never Knew She 'Would Help Bring the World Together'
“And please — I know cause this will be on YouTube I can already see it - the headline underneath is going to be like, ‘Jerrod Carmichael says Taylor Swift’s his best friend,’”  Carmichael continued. “Actually you know what, I won’t even get top billing, it will say, ‘Taylor Swift, Jerrod Carmichael’s best friend.' Like don’t do that to me, it gotta be something else. I do love her though.”
Carmichael is set to star in his upcoming docuseries, Jerrod Carmichael Reality Show, which premieres March 29 on HBO.
"I was inspired by the Kardashians and all the Housewives," joked Carmichael of the series, which Kimmel described as an "intensely personal documentary." "But I wanted to make a show that was the show that happened after those cameras cut," he continued. "Like in between those scenes of what a normal reality show would be, like just me sad and in the fetal position, actually dealing with problems."
For more People news, make sure to sign up for our newsletter!
Read the original article on People.