The House is scheduled to leave town for a two-week spring recess at the end of Friday’s session, and it’s doubtful any vote on removing Mike Johnson would be imminent.
WASHINGTON — Speaker Mike Johnson is at risk of being ousted after hard-right Rep. Marjorie Taylor Greene filed a “motion to vacate” on Friday in the middle of a House vote on a $1.2 trillion package to keep the government open.
It’s the same political dynamic that removed the last Republican speaker, Kevin McCarthy, just five months ago when far-right conservatives revolted over his compromise with Democrats to prevent a federal shutdown. But this one faces steeper odds with less GOP support.
The House is scheduled to leave town for a two-week spring recess at the end of Friday’s session, and it’s doubtful any vote on removing Johnson, of Louisiana, would be imminent.
“Speaker Johnson always listens to the concerns of members but is focused on governing,” spokesman Raj Shah said. “He will continue to push conservative legislation that secures our border, strengthens our national defense and demonstrates how we’ll grow our majority.”
Under the rules, any member can make the motion privileged, which would require leaders to schedule a vote within two legislative days. But it can also simply sit until lawmakers return next month.
Yet even the threat of removal, the ultimate punishment for a speaker, will hang over Johnson’s young speakership, just months on the job.
No speaker had been removed this way until McCarthy’s dramatic ouster last fall, a swift, stunning and chaotic episode that essentially shuttered the House chamber for weeks as Republicans searched for a new speaker.
Greene is a leading ally of the Republicans’ presumed 2024 presidential nominee, former president Donald Trump, and McCarthy, of California, was toppled by a similar contingent of far-right Republicans led at the time by Trump ally Rep. Matt Gaetz of Florida.
The Georgia congresswoman has warned she would try to remove the speaker if he pushes ahead with a package to support Ukraine as it battles Russia’s invasion.
Johnson, who has refused to put a $95 billion Senate-passed national security package with Ukraine funds to a House vote, has nevertheless promised to fund Ukraine as the a next priority.
With the most narrow majority in modern times, Johnson has a weak grasp on his Republicans in the House.
He can risk only a few defectors on any vote, meaning he could be easily ousted, unless Democrats jump in with their votes to protect him.
Still, many Republicans in Congress were embarrassed by McCarthy’s removal as speaker, which exposed deep party divisions and infighting that left their new majority, in office since January, unable to fully function on priorities.
The night before Friday’s voting, Gaetz warned against trying to oust Johnson, saying that Republican lawmakers fed up with the process would cross the aisle and vote for the Democratic leader, Rep. Hakeem Jeffries of New York.
The idea of a Republican House majority casting votes to make a Democrat the House speaker would be an unheard of political situation.
But with Republicans at war among themselves it is also one that could potentially transpire as they try to return Congress to a sense of normalcy.
Nevada residents who have a flight within the next 45 days and do not yet possess a Real ID can walk into four valley DMV offices any day to obtain one starting next week.
Ted Kaczynski, like the man charged with murdering UnitedHealthcare CEO Brian Thompson, killed people because he wanted to.
In an unprecedented move, the Bureau of Land Management called on a search for gold and rare earth minerals.
Two top-tier research universities in Nevada have lost a combined nearly $40 million in federal funding.
The program will run through the month of May in observance of Building Safety Month, and is designed to encourage homeowners to comply with local building codes.
In an interview and during Wednesday’s Cabinet meeting, the secretary of state highlighted the anti-conservative efforts of office that must be chopped.
The Economic Forum projection says the state should expect $191 million less in general fund revenue in 2026-27 than predicted in December.
The president said Secretary of State Marco Rubio will serve simultaneously as acting national security adviser while maintaining his position at the State Department.
Though the bill died in the last Congress, Nevada’s federal delegation is re-upping the Help Hoover Dam Act. The bill has support from both sides of the political aisle.
The wife of a key Clark County public works official is part of a team that received a multimillion-dollar contract from the department, fueling concerns about a potential conflict of interest in the bidding process.

Las Vegas News Raiders News Las Vegas Sphere Oakland A's Move Las Vegas Casinos Las Vegas Crime Las Vegas Shows Sports Betting F1 Las Vegas Las Vegas Restaurants Lake Mead Las Vegas Weather

Copyright © 2019 Las Vegas Review-Journal, Inc. | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service
Powered by WordPress.com VIP