By Marianne Garvey, CNN
(CNN) — Jerrod Carmichael says Taylor Swift is his best friend now that she once invited him on her private jet to a Kansas City Chiefs football game.
The comic, who stars in the new HBO original comedy docuseries “Jerrod Carmichael Reality Show,” told Jimmy Kimmel that Swift is smart, interesting and is now his closest pal.
Kimmel flashed a picture of Carmichael talking with Swift in January, while the two were at an NFL game between the Kansas City Chiefs and the Buffalo Bills.
“Taylor Swift’s my best friend,” Carmichael repeated. “Like, I’m not her best friend, but she’s my best friend.”
He continued, laughing, “Can you think of a better friend to have than Taylor Swift? I called my former best friend and I was like, ‘You’re out. Taylor’s in. You never invited me on a jet to your game.’”
Carmichael added that he should have asked Swift to appear on his new docuseries, a reality show featuring conversations with Carmichael and his loved ones.
The comedian even suggested headlines for the stories that would inevitably follow his “annoucement” on Swift.
“I won’t even get top-billing! It’ll say: ‘Taylor Swift: Jerrod Carmichael’s Best Friend?’ Don’t do that to me, it’s gotta be something else,” he joked. “I do love her though.”
“The Jerrod Carmichael Reality Show” debuts on March 29 on HBO and Max, which like CNN are part of Warner Bros. Discovery.
The-CNN-Wire™ & © 2024 Cable News Network, Inc., a Warner Bros. Discovery Company. All rights reserved.

Jump to comments ↓

KTVZ NewsChannel 21 is committed to providing a forum for civil and constructive conversation.
Please keep your comments respectful and relevant. You can review our Community Guidelines by clicking here 
If you would like to share a story idea, please submit it here.
Community Guidelines
Contact Us
EEO Public File
FCC Applications
FCC Public File
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Breaking News
Contests & Promotions
Local News Updates
Local Alert Forecast
Local Alert Weather Warnings

Accessibility Tools