This is pretty much the norm now, no?

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Taylor Swift is no stranger to record-breaking. In January, she beat Elvis Presley as the solo artist who's spent the most time in the top spot on the Billboard album chart. Now, Swift has broken another Billboard record—no big deal.
As Forbes explains, Swift's song "Is It Over Now?" reached the No. 1 spot on the Billboard Pop Airplay chart last week. That brings the singer to 13 No. 1 Pop Airplay singles, the most for any musical artist ever.
The outlet notes that Swift already had the top spot; Maroon 5, Rihanna, and Katy Perry each had 11 No. 1 singles on the Pop Airplay chart. Still, Swift breaking her own record this time around is especially sweet, considering 13 is her lucky number and the date of her December birthday.
Taylor Swift performing on the Eras Tour
And in other Taylor Swift news, Alicia Keys gave fans the crossover they didn't know they needed. During an appearance on The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon, Keys discussed her son Genesis' love of Swift and Billie Eilish, joking that he was "flirting" with the singer at the 2019 iHeartRadio Music Awards. Apparently, when Genesis and Swift reconnected more recently, the nine-year-old wondered if Swift would remember him. Awww!
Fans didn't need another reason to celebrate all of Swift's accomplishments, but they have one—and her icon status continues to live on.
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
Meghan is a freelance news writer at Marie Claire. Her work has also appeared in Bustle, Refinery29, Popsugar, and other outlets. When she isn't writing, Meghan runs a community for plus-size people in the Raleigh-Durham area of North Carolina.

The 21-year-old Princess of Orange, Catharina-Amalia, has overcome a scary period in her young life.


She's currently on a break from her beloved sneaker collection.


She never misses.


The "Blank Space" singer was nowhere to be seen.


Mr. Perfectly Fine has responded to "Mr. Perfectly Fine".


She's supposedly the "megacelebrity friend" in Baldoni's lawsuit.


Abrams opened for Swift during the Eras Tour.


Sorry, Olympia. You'll have to get that autograph next time.


...and then removed it.


It was hidden in *checks notes* an interview with a Swedish DJ.


Their relationship has shifted over time.


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.