Taylor Swift stunned in a bright yellow bikini in her and beau Travis Kelce's sexiest snaps yet – but how does she achieve her figure?
The Shake It Off songstress has previously detailed her gruelling workout routines and fitness regimes while out on tour, she also credits an all-important secret for her beautiful bikini body. Taylor and Travis were photographed packing on the PDA as they enjoy their sun-kissed Bahamas break, with fans wondering how she gets in shape.
From her six-month training ahead of her sell-out worldwide Eras Tour to giving up one unhealthy habit entirely, Taylor has certainly made lots of changes to her lifestyle. Her first fitness challenge was actually "harder then anything [she'd] ever done before".
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US .
READ MORE: Taylor Swift in bikini as Travis Kelce caresses her in sexiest pictures yet from holiday
It was ahead of her first Eras Tour gigs that Taylor opened up about her workout plans. She told Time magazine last year, "Every day I would run on the treadmill, singing the entire set list out loud. Fast for fast songs, and a jog or a fast walk for slow songs."
It's not the only time Taylor has mentioned her love for running, lending to her enviable frame. "For me, running is about blasting a whole bunch of new songs and running to the beat. It’s also good because it makes me find a gym wherever I am," she told WebMD.
The Blank Space hitmaker has also previously explained why giving up booze has led to massive changes in her body. "Doing that show with a hangover—I don’t want to know that world," she told Time. "I was really disciplined about drinking."
She also didn't get her stunning body without putting the work in, Taylor is a regular at the gym and was even spotted doing late night sessions in Hollywood while working on her Lover album all the way back in 2019. It was in her interview that she also spoke about fitting in workouts around her regular performances.
Join the Mirror's SMS news service to get the biggest breaking stories delivered straight to your phone. Click here to subscribe.
"I know I'm going on that stage whether I'm sick, injured, heartbroken, uncomfortable, or stressed," she told the outlet. "That’s part of my identity as a human being now. If someone buys a ticket to my show, I'm going to play it unless we have some sort of force majeure."
In the new pictures, Taylor was seen in a striking bright yellow bikini, holding Travis' hand as the pair waded into the sea. Shutterbugs captured the moment they frolicked in the water, with Taylor sipping from a drink she carried along with them. After joking around, Taylor appears to wrap her arms around Travis, leaning in for a romantic smooch with her beau.
With her hair in a ponytail, Taylor is seen smiling as the two soaked up the sun. The two held hands as they walked out the water, finding a sweet spot in the sand for some more relaxation. After laying down a towel, Taylor and Travis were seen getting some shuteye in the images obtained by MailOnline.
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok , Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.