By DEIRDRE DURKAN-SIMONDS FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  20:17, 25 March 2024   |  Updated:  22:21, 25 March 2024   
 73
View  comments
Robert De Niro and his girlfriend Tiffany Chen were seen taking their baby girl, Gia, to lunch with his Killers Of The Flower Moon costar Leonardo DiCaprio on Sunday.
The superstars appeared in high spirits as they exited Nobu Malibu, also frequented by Taylor Swift and her boyfriend Travis Kelce over the weekend, after enjoying his  restaurant's world-class sushi and ocean views.
De Niro famously co-founded the first Nobu restaurant and has since gone on to co-'found 39 restaurants and 13 luxury hotels' alongside his partners, celebrity chef Nobuyuki 'Nobu' Matsuhisa and film producer Meir Teper, according to Startup Savant. 
As they exited the celebrity hotspot, De Niro, 80, and Chen, 45, who was carrying her 11-month-old daughter's stuffed possum, made a beeline to their car. 
Robert De Niro and his girlfriend Tiffany Chen were seen taking their baby girl, Gia, to lunch with his Killers Of The Flower Moon costar Leonardo Di Caprio on Sunday
The superstars appeared in high spirits as they exited Nobu Malibu, also frequented by Taylor Swift and her boyfriend Travis Kelce over the weekend, after enjoying his restaurant's world-class sushi and ocean views
De Niro famously co-founded the first Nobu restaurant and has since gone on to co-'found 39 restaurants and 13 luxury hotels' alongside his partners, celebrity chef Nobuyuki 'Nobu' Matsuhisa and film producer Meir Teper, according to Startup Savant
The duo, who welcomed their first child together in April 2023, and his seventh, buckled Gia into the backseat before heading home.
De Niro also cut a casual figure in a black bomber jacket, matching quarter-zip, newsboy cap and glasses. 
His partner, who he was first romantically linked to back in 2021 after reportedly connecting on the set of 2015's The Intern, wore a long white blouse with a plunging neckline over a black dress and sneakers.
DiCaprio's family, including his father George DiCaprio, step-mother Peggy Ann Farrar and niece Normandie Farrar, were also present for the lunch date.
For the occasion, the 49-year-old Oscar winner sported a black Los Angeles Dodgers baseball, sunglasses and denim jacket.
As Leonardo waved goodbye to his family members, George, who is rarely seen out and about, was seen passing out $10 bills to the valet, according to an eyewitness. 
De Niro and DiCaprio most recently starred in Killers of the Flower Moon last year, over three decades after appearing in 1993 This Boy's Life. 
At the 26th Annual Screen Actors Guild Awards in 2022, De Niro raved about knowing the Titanic actor since he was just a teenager. 
As they exited the celebrity hotspot, De Niro, 80, and Chen, 65, who carried her 11-month-old daughter's stuffed possum to their vehicle, made a beeline to their car
The duo, who welcomed their first child together in April 2023, and his seventh, buckled Gia into the backseat before heading home
DiCaprio's family, including his father George DiCaprio, step-mother Peggy Ann Farrar and niece Normandie Farrar, were also present for the lunch date
For the occasion, the 49-year-old Oscar winner sported a black Los Angeles Dodgers baseball, sunglasses and denim jacket
De Niro's partner, who he was first romantically linked to back in 2021 after reportedly connecting on the set of 2015's The Intern, wore a long white blouse with a plunging neckline over a black dress and sneakers
'I've known Leo since he was 15, we did This Boy's Life,' he told ET. 'That's a long time, he's grown up.' 
While speaking about his working relationships with De Niro and Martin Scorsese, who directed Killers of the Flower Moon, said 'in a lot of ways these two men that we're speaking to have been like cinematic father figures to' him.
'I got to do my first major starring role with Bob [in 1993's This Boy's Life], and he and I worked together. He told Marty about me, and I've gotten to do six films with him now. And here we are 30 years later,' he said at a press conference in November. 
While describing how De Niro and Scorsese work with each other, DiCaprio marveled at how 'amazing' it is to 'work with both of them together and watch their shorthand too.' 
As Leonardo waved goodbye to his family members, George, who is rarely seen out and about, was seen passing out $10 bills to the valet, according to an eyewitness
Peggy Ann wore a white white turban while her spouse sported a jacket and white button-down
De Niro and DiCaprio most recently starred in Killers of the Flower Moon last year, over three decades after appearing in 1993 This Boy's Life
At the 26th Annual Screen Actors Guild Awards in 2022, De Niro raved about knowing the Titanic actor since he was just a teenager 
Their latest film, Killers of the Flower, was nominated for 10 Academy Awards this year (pictured in January 2024)
'The way that they sort of telepathically communicate things to one another on set by gestures and nods. And a whole scene can shift on a dime,' he explained. 
'I just remember fondly those rehearsals that we had together because it was an amazing creative process to get to that moment,' DiCaprio concluded. 'And it could only happen with these two cinematic heroes of mine—they kept hammering home what is the truth of their dynamic over and over again.' 
Killers of the Flower was nominated for 10 Academy Awards this year.
While the cast returned empty-handed from the Oscars, the film earned actress Lily Gladstone a Golden Globe and SAG Award for Best Actress.
Additionally, it grossed $157 million worldwide, and received critical acclaim. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group