Virgin Radio
25 Mar 2024, 15:55
Credit: Getty/Virgin Radio UK
Virgin Radio’s Leigh Francis appeared on Ryan Tubridy’s mid-morning show to catch up about all things film, comedy, and… Swiftie?
While chatting with Ryan on Monday (25th March), the recent Celebrity Bake Off star got talking about Taylor Swift, and revealed the surprise reason why he connects the world-famous popstar with Claire Sweeney.
“I’m not a Taylor Swift fan,” the comic, who is currently touring the UK performing his first ever live comedy show, said while referring to the singer’s music. “But I love Taylor Swift,” he clarified, referring to her as a person.
“I don’t know all the songs. I know the hits, ‘Shake it Off’ etc,” Leigh continued. “And she’s impressive. She’s an impressive being, I think. She’s a marvellous concept - a little bit like Claire Sweeney. Claire Sweeney’s an incredible concept.”
“She doesn’t get the same love she deserves, does she?” Ryan complained, to which Leigh replied: “There’s no Sweenettes, is there? Maybe we should create a little gang of Sweeney fans.”
Leigh got onto the subject of Taylor Swift while explaining to Ryan that he’d recently enjoyed watching her documentary. Also on Leigh’s just-watched list was the latest Ghostbusters film Ghostbusters: Frozen Empire, and Poor Things.
The comic’s take on the latest Ghostbusters movie was a little frosty, although he admitted: “If you like Ghostbusters, you’ll enjoy seeing Ghostbusters [Frozen Empire] at the cinema.”
On the topic of the Oscar-winning Poor Things he shared: “Wow! I just kept checking my kids weren’t going to come in, because it’s a lot naughtier than I thought it was gonna be!”
Leigh and Ryan also bonded over both having a love of collecting film and film-related memorabilia. Revealing he once bought one of Sir Roger Moore’s wedding invitations, Ryan shared: “It was done as a call sheet, so it’s like ‘Starring Roger Moore… props Champagne, cigars,’ you know, real Roger Moore sorts of things.”
Listen to Ryan Tubridy’s mid-morning show every weekday 10am-1pm on Virgin Radio UK.
Advertisement
Dancing on Ice star Adele Roberts has opened up about how she had early symptoms of bowel cancer...
With the latest series of Strictly Come Dancing having recently come to a conclusion, judge Craig...
Poor Alan Carr. His darling Irish red Setter Bev has passed away after he and ex partner Paul...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK on your laptop or desktop computer?
Have you got an Amazon Echo or Google Home device? Listen to Virgin Radio UK by asking your speaker...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK but need to go out and about? Take us with you with the Virgin...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK on your laptop or desktop computer?
Have you got an Amazon Echo or Google Home device? Listen to Virgin Radio UK by asking your speaker...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK but need to go out and about? Take us with you with the Virgin...
Advertisement
© 2025 News UK Broadcasting Ltd. Our 
 and 
 are applicable to you. All rights reserved. VIRGIN and the VIRGIN signature logo are registered trademarks of Virgin Enterprises Limited and are used under licence. For more information on Virgin Radio International visit