Selena Campione, a 36-year-old teacher from Stanhope, New Jersey, recently underwent brain surgery. During the process, which she was awake for, she sang Taylor Swift songs in order to preserve her speech.
Suffering from face numbness, which progressed throughout her body over the years, Campione visited many doctors who were unable to diagnose her symptoms. She had nine MRIs, and was put on eight different medications for illnesses such as multiple sclerosis and seizures, but was never given an explanation for her suffering. “There were days I would get up where I couldn't walk. I couldn't use my right hand,” she recalled in a press release. “My face would swell up. I couldn't speak, I would get stuck. I couldn't get words out. And nobody knew what to do.”
Following a recommendation from a friend Campione traveled to Jersey Shore University Medical Center and met with neuro-oncologist Nitesh V Patel, M.D who suggested she undergo a craniotomy while awake in order to remove suspected brain tumours, using a technology called Quicktome Connectomics to preserve her speech. 
Quicktome Brain Mapping Technology is an FDA-approved technology that maps out how a person’s brain works by giving a brightly coloured visual of which areas of the brain are being used to perform complex functions like “language, movement and cognition", therefore showing the doctors which areas to keep intact. In order to keep the speech parts of her brain constantly working so that there would always be a visual on the screen, Dr. Patel asked Campione to sing. “Singing allows me to continuously monitor a patient's speech, cadence, and rhythm without interruptions and pauses that happen during a conversation,” he explained in the release.
"My two daughters are huge Taylor Swift fans, and so am I. I hear her music 24 hours a day, in my car, in my house. I could sing with her on stage if she wanted me to,” she said, explaining why she chose to sing Swift's songs. “So it just made sense to sing it during surgery. It helped me, I felt like my daughters were with me.”
Campione reportedly sang song such as "22," “Style” and “Shake It Off" alongside her children. “My daughters were with me the whole surgery. Knowing they would be singing right along with me, got me through the surgery,” she continued. “I didn’t feel anything. The nurses were holding my hand, walking me through everything and singing along with me. I even think I’ve turned the doctors into Swifties. You see them in one of the videos tapping along to the beat with their tools.”
Dr. Patel’s surgery was successful and now, a few months later, Selena Campione is symptom-free and able to get back to her normal life. 
Get the Best Fit take on the week in music direct to your inbox every Friday