ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
SAN JOSE, CA - DECEMBER 02:  Singer Taylor Swift performs at 99.7 NOW! Presents POPTOPIA at SAP ... More Center on December 2, 2017 in San Jose, California.  (Photo by Steve Jennings/WireImage)
Taylor Swift’s Reputation was one of her most divisive albums when it arrived in 2017. The singer’s turn into darker themes and electronic sounds didn’t thrill everyone, but the set has proved to be an incredibly stable project, as it hasn’t faded from popularity in the years since it dropped. This week, the title is actually surging when it comes to pure purchases, which is incredibly impressive for a studio effort that’s been out for so long.
In the past tracking period, Reputation sold 1,911 copies in the U.S., according to Luminate. That sum is up nearly 21% from the frame before.
With a spike in purchases of more than 20%, Reputation is able to return to Billboard’s Top Album Sales chart. That tally, which tracks only the bestselling titles in the U.S., sees Swift’s electronic set reappear at No. 44 on the 50-spot list.
At the same time, Reputation is also on the rise on another competitive list. The project improves slightly on the Top Streaming Albums chart, which looks only at those collections that rack up the largest streaming counts on platforms like Spotify and Apple Music, among others. On that tally, Swift’s 2017 effort is up one slot, to No. 22.
While it may be surging when it comes to sales, Reputation is actually on the decline when looking at total consumption. The album dips one rung on the Billboard 200, the all-encompassing look at the most popular titles in America, though it’s not down by much. The bestseller only dipped in total equivalent units moved by less than 1%.
Reputation is down on this week’s Billboard 200, as it slides from No. 18 to No. 19. Looking a little further back, it’s clear that interest in the set is still up, however. Swift’s album was down at No. 24 two frames ago.
Reputation returned to prominence recently, as many Swifties–die-hard supporters of the singer–expected her to announce that it would be the next of her albums to receive the re-recording treatment. There was a rumor that the superstar would share the good news during the 2024 Grammys, but that didn't end up happening. Instead, she revealed a completely new album, The Tortured Poets Department, which is expected in about a month.