Taylor Swift and boyfriend Travis Kelce have been photographed packing on the PDA in the couple's sexiest snaps to date.
The chart-topping Blank Space hitmaker and NFL tight end are enjoying a lavish getaway in the Bahamas, celebrating Taylor's sold-out Eras Tour. Now the two have been pictured enjoying each other's company as they took a dip while relaxing on the beach.
Taylor was seen in a striking bright yellow bikini, holding Travis' hand as the pair waded into the sea. Shutterbugs captured the moment they frolicked in the water, with Taylor sipping from a drink she carried along with them. After joking around, Taylor appears to wrap her arms around Travis, leaning in for a romantic smooch with her beau.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce spotted on cosy lunch date after Caribbean getaway
With her hair in a ponytail, Taylor is seen smiling as the two soaked up the sun. The two held hands as they walked out the water, finding a sweet spot in the sand for some more relaxation. After laying down a towel, Taylor and Travis were seen getting some shuteye in the images obtained by MailOnline.
Since getting back from holiday, Kansas City Chiefs hunk Travis could be seen "protecting" his superstar girlfriend Taylor in public over the weekend, with the couple looking cosy as they enjoyed an intimate dinner date on the Californian coast.
According to fan-shot snaps circulating on social media, the 34-year-old Anti-Hero hitmaker and her NFL hunk boyfriend, also 34, enjoyed a lunch date at Nobu in Malibu, California on Sunday. The couple has now returned to California after reportedly spending some quality time together in the Bahamas after a busy few months for the two stars.
In the snaps, Taylor wore a blue sweatshirt and sunglasses, while her boyfriend, Travis, wore a beige sweatshirt and a white hat. The couple could be seen sitting outside as they dined at Nobu, looking laidback and relaxed in each other's company.
Speaking exclusively to The Mirror about the couple's date, body language expert Judi James has analysed the new fan-shot snaps of Taylor and Travis at Nobu in Malibu. She began by noting how the intimacy signals "come primarily and maybe even solely from their hand clasp, which looks firm, emphatic and comes with meshed fingers, which is an upgrade step from the normal hand clasp, implying a deeper level of closeness".
Join the Mirror's SMS news service to get the biggest breaking stories delivered straight to your phone. Click here to subscribe.
‌Touching on their attire, Judi added: "The pair are dressed in college-teen chic here, with Taylor in particular showing a desire to look youthful, demure and rather sweet. Her downward-aimed smile as she walks along is a very typical A-list gesture that shows a desire to be as ignored as possible in public but wanting to look politely accepting of the fan interest too."
‌Meanwhile, Travis' body language in the snaps "suggests levels of tension". She notes: "His brows are puckered into a frown that deepens when he is at the table eating. He appears to be unsmiling, which is in contrast to his ‘I got lucky’ grin he wore during the first few appearances in public. His teeth look clenched edge-to-edge and he also sucks his lips in at some point."
‌But the tension that is seemingly apparent isn't a negative thing, with Judi revealing that this "more serious look" could signal a stage of feelings of responsibility and a "desire to protect Taylor when they are out in public".
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok , Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.