Look what you made her do.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Ever since Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour (Taylor’s Version) hit Disney+ on March 14, Swifties haven’t been able to stop replaying their favorite parts. While it’s no secret that the concert special can be enjoyed by fans of all ages, there’s just something so heartwarming about seeing little ones connect with Taylor Swift’s music, and one 3-year-old has fully won me over with her cute dance moves. A TikTok video went viral after showing the tot nailing Swift’s choreography during “Look What You Made Me Do.”
I honestly can’t get enough of these videos that show Taylor Swift’s youngest fans acting out the Eras Tour sets — like the little Swifties who recreated the “22” hat moment. The TikTok user garrettriff95 showed off the results of their little one’s hard work in the post below: 
There’s so much I love about this video, and I’d have to agree with the sentiment in the caption that this may be the cutest Swiftie ever. For one thing, she’s looking simply fabulous in that onesie, and while she may not have dressed in black to represent reputation, it seems clear that she has a favorite Taylor Swift era. 
Little Miss Swiftie grabbed her microphone, spinning to represent the camera that circled the pop star, and then hit every hair flip and hand-on-hip that Taylor Swift did. I could have screamed when she tilted her head as Swift sang, “Don’t like your tilted stage,” and then stuck that leg out for “you laugh when you lie.”
In the first two days the video was posted, it racked up 1.4 million views and more than 219,000 likes, and the comments were full of praise for the young Swiftie, including:
It’s clear from the comments I’m not the only one who could watch Taylor Swift’s youngest fans recreate her iconic tour moments for hours on end. Many people were celebrating the “Taylor Tot” movement, with comments like: 
Same, girl, same. Swifties young and old are likely to continue streaming Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour (Taylor’s Version) with their Disney+ subscription as they wait for the artist’s upcoming new music. Taylor’s tour is on hiatus for now, as she is set to release her 11th studio album, The Tortured Poets Department (and its multiple variants) on April 19. We’re also still waiting on an announcement regarding the Reputation (Taylor’s Version) release, as it’s long been thought that will be the next re-recorded album to come. 
Your Daily Blend of Entertainment News
Heidi Venable is a Content Producer for CinemaBlend, a mom of two and a hard-core '90s kid. She started freelancing for CinemaBlend in 2020 and officially came on board in 2021. Her job entails writing news stories and TV reactions from some of her favorite prime-time shows like Grey's Anatomy and The Bachelor. She graduated from Louisiana Tech University with a degree in Journalism and worked in the newspaper industry for almost two decades in multiple roles including Sports Editor, Page Designer and Online Editor. Unprovoked, will quote Friends in any situation. Thrives on New Orleans Saints football, The West Wing and taco trucks.
Another Simple Favor's Ending Leaves A Huge Mystery, And I'm Already Hoping For A Third Movie
Ncuti Gatwa Landed Another Gig As Doctor Who's Fate Hangs In The Balance, But This One Gives Me Hope The Series Will Return
A Big Taylor Swift Milestone Quietly Came And Went In April

Cinemablend is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.