Taylor Swift's dad will not face police charges over accusations he punched a photographer in Australia.
Photographer Ben McDonald told police Scott Swift allegedly struck him in the face at Neutral Bay Wharf in Sydney on February 27, hours after his pop star daughter's Australian tour had ended. Following a month-long investigation, New South Wales police have confirmed no further action would be taken.
A statement given to the PA news agency said: "Officers attached to North Shore Police Area Command have conducted an investigation following a report of an assault at Neutral Bay Wharf about 2.30am on Tuesday, February 27. No further police action."
READ MORE: Couple had 'big argument' but it was their dogs that paid the price
READ MORE: Smithdown Road shop hit with closure order ahead of court case
The alleged confrontation happened after Mr Swift and his daughter left a yacht, in the hours after the final of her four Eras Tour dates in Sydney. At the time, Taylor Swift's representative accused members of the media of behaving "aggressively" towards the megastar during the interaction.
Veteran photographer Mr McDonald described the incident at the time as a "punch in the chops" that "didn't require medical assistance."
For the latest news and breaking news visit liverpoolecho.co.uk/news. Get all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you by signing up to our daily and breaking newsletter.
Follow us on Twitter @LivECHONews - the official Liverpool ECHO Twitter account - real news in real time. We're also on Facebook/theliverpoolecho - your must-see news, features, videos and pictures throughout the day from the Liverpool ECHO.
Don't miss the biggest and breaking stories by signing up to the Echo Daily newsletter here
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.