Ticket platforms and artists should be held accountable for their outrageous  prices.
Concerts are not accessible like they once were; the average ticket price in 1996 was $26, ($52.26 adjusted for inflation). Good luck seeing your favorite up-and-coming indie artist at that price in 2024. In 2010, paying something like $67 for a ticket was seen as a high price, but that is a normal price nowadays just to get in the door at a smaller concert venue. If you want to see more popular acts like Taylor Swift or Beyoncé, though, it will cost you a small fortune — with the average ticket price for popular artists being $103 retail. 
These numbers do not tell the full story, though. It makes sense that a smaller artist would charge less than a popular artist like Taylor Swift, considering that there is likely much more that goes into the show in terms of production and scale. Playing in a football stadium with 70,000 seats is not the same as playing in a theater with a 3,000-person capacity.
The starting retail price for the “Eras” tour was $49, and the ticket prices went up to $499 for standard, non-VIP tickets — which went up to $899. Mind you, the only difference between a standard and VIP ticket is a few merch items, like a VIP tote bag. This puts the actual average of Swift’s tickets at nearly $300 for non-VIP tickets — even before Ticketmaster’s notoriously high processing fees. There was no way around these fees, as you could only purchase the tickets through the platform. There is nothing accessible about $300 tickets.
Another artist culpable for inaccessible ticket pricing is Bad Bunny. For his most recent “Most Wanted Tour,” nosebleed tickets ranged from $150-250 for his Los Angeles show, and floor seats were as much as $1,482. These were not the resale prices or prices including fees; they were face-value prices. There is really nothing to attribute it to other than greed. 
Yes, Ticket sales company fees add a tremendous amount of money to your ticket price, with fees ranging from 27% to 31% on average. But we must also hold artists accountable when they think it is okay to charge $150 as the starting price for their tickets. These high prices make concerts inaccessible to the general public and instead make concert-going an activity for the uber-elite. For Bad Bunny, this has become a reality. He stated that his “Most Wanted Tour” is for his “real fans,” suggesting fans that cannot shell out hundreds of dollars to see him are not his “real fans.” As a result, he has had trouble selling tickets and even recently canceled his show in Minneapolis, allegedly due to low ticket sales.
A silver lining lies in artists that are making their concerts more accessible for fans. For example, Olivia Rodrigo kicked off her GUTS World Tour on Feb. 23 in Palm Springs. I attended opening night and highly recommend going! To make the tour more accessible to fans, she started a promotion called “Silver Star Tickets” where select fans could purchase tickets for $20. The catch was that you would not know the location of your seats until you arrived at the arena and provided your credit card and ID. 
It seems like a bargain to me — if you could make it as a “Verified Fan” on Ticketmaster’s website. The issue, though, is Ticketmaster is not transparent about how it rules someone a “Verified Fan,” meaning your dad, who knows nothing about Rodrigo’s music, has an equal chance of getting the status as Rodrigo’s biggest superfan.
Similar to Rodrigo, Ed Sheeran has taken a stand in making his tours more accessible to his fans. Dating as far back as 2017, Ed Sheeran has made an effort to prevent his tickets from being resold at high prices. For his 2017 show in London, he canceled about 10,000 tickets that were being resold at highly inflated prices. This is a practice he has continued on his tours since then.
Artists truly have no excuse when they just put their hands up and act like price gouging is out of their control. Fans want to see their favorite artists live because they enjoy their music, and it should not be an impossible feat to pay for those tickets. As evidenced by Rodrigo and Sheeran, efforts can be made by artists to make their shows more accessible to fans. Touring is how artists make the majority of their income, but it does not mean that fans should have to miss rent payments to attend their favorite artist’s show.
We are the only independent newspaper here at USC, run at every level by students. That means we aren’t tied down by any other interests but those of readers like you: the students, faculty, staff and South Central residents that together make up the USC community.
Independence is a double-edged sword: We have a unique lens into the University’s actions and policies, and can hold powerful figures accountable when others cannot. But that also means our budget is severely limited. We’re already spread thin as we compensate the writers, photographers, artists, designers and editors whose incredible work you see in our daily paper; as we work to revamp and expand our digital presence, we now have additional staff making podcasts, videos, webpages, our first ever magazine and social media content, who are at risk of being unable to receive the support they deserve.
We are therefore indebted to readers like you, who, by supporting us, help keep our paper daily (we are the only remaining college paper on the West Coast that prints every single weekday), independent, free and widely accessible.
Please consider supporting us. Even $1 goes a long way in supporting our work; if you are able, you can also support us with monthly, or even annual, donations. Thank you.
Career Fair Guide April 2025
Housing Guide 2025
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
We may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website. 
Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refusing them will have impact how our site functions. You always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. But this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site.
We fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. You are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. If you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain.
We provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. Due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. You can check these in your browser security settings.
These cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our website is being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our website and application for you in order to enhance your experience.
If you do not want that we track your visit to our site you can disable tracking in your browser here:
We also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps, and external Video providers. Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here. Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. Changes will take effect once you reload the page.
Google Webfont Settings:
Google Map Settings:
Google reCaptcha Settings:
Vimeo and Youtube video embeds:
The following cookies are also needed - You can choose if you want to allow them: