Canopy by Hilton at 159 Morgan St., Jersey City. (Reena Rose Sibayan | The Jersey Journal)Reena Rose Sibayan | The Jersey Journal
Donors urged to give blood as nation faces blood shortage
Blood and platelet donors are urged to make a donation appointment to help alleviate the country-wide blood shortage, which will help ensure that lifesaving medical procedures are not put on hold.
The following blood drives are taking place in Hudson County:
To make an appointment, download the Red Cross Blood Donor App, visit RedCrossBlood.org, or call 1-800-RED CROSS (1-800-733-2767).
Also, the Red Cross and the National Football League (NFL) are partnering this January, during National Blood Donor Month, to urge individuals to give blood or platelets and help tackle the emergency blood shortage. Those who come to give blood, platelets or plasma in January will automatically be entered for a chance to win a trip for two to Super Bowl LVIII in Las Vegas. For details, visit RedCrossBlood.org/Super Bowl.
Wealth Building & Management workshop series
Keyes Red Door Realty & Associates, LLC, will be hosting their Wealth Building & Management Workshop Series on Saturday, Jan. 20, and Wednesday, Jan. 24, from noon to 1:30 p.m.
The workshops will provide education on wealth building and real estate management throughout the year.
The upcoming workshops will feature broker owner Tonya L. Keyes and loan consultant Terry Cooper, and will focus on understanding credit scores and reports, strategies for credit improvement, and building and maintaining good credit habits.
The workshops are free to attend. Keyes Red Door Realty & Associates, LLC, is located at 492 Communipaw Ave., Jersey City.
Community Sound Bath
Vibespann will host their Self Care Sunday Community Sound Bath on Sunday, Jan. 21, from 11 a.m. to noon at Scarlett Blooms.
The sound bath is an ultrasonic massage of your entire body that will help clear blockages to facilitate deep healing. Each sound frequency resonates with a specific energy center and organ in the body.
Anyone attending should bring a yoga mat, blanket and pillow are optional; water to hydrate; and comfortable clothes such as athletic gear.
Tickets for the event can be found online at Eventbrite. Scarlett Blooms is located at 1664 John F. Kennedy Blvd., Jersey City.
Taylor Swift trivia night
It’s time for Swifties to put their knowledge to the test at The Shepherd & The Knucklehead on Wednesday, January 31 at 8 p.m. for five rounds of Taylor Swift.
The trivia will cover everything from cat names to voicemails and birthdays among other topics.
Tickets can be found online at Eventbrite. The Shepherd & the Knucklehead is located at 1313 Willow Ave., Hoboken.
Southpaw coming to South House
East Coast country band Southpaw is coming to Jersey City’s multi-level Southern style bar and restaurant, South House, on Saturday, Jan. 13, from 5 to 8 p.m.
The five-piece band will be performing new and old country covers, Southern rock, and a few of their own originals. Southpaw was named Country Group of the Year at the 2023 Grand Ole Opry in Nashville, where the group also won Modern Country Song of the Year.
Their debut album, “Unhitched,” reached #3 on Amazon’s Hot Country Releases chart. The group soon followed up with three more singles and members are currently working on their second album.
South House is located at 149 Newark Ave., Jersey City.
Friends trivia in Hoboken
The Madd Hatter in Hoboken will be hosting a night of Friends Trivia, based on the hit NBC show, on Monday, Jan. 22, at 7 p.m. for five challenging rounds of questions.
Tickets can be reserved online at Eventbrite. The Madd Hatter is located at 221 Washington St., Hoboken.
Nu Metal tribute at Jimmy’s
The late 90s and early 2000s were a strange time for music as genres that broke the laws of nature began to appear on the radio. When you think back on that era, one of the genres that comes to mind is Nu Metal.
Jimmy’s Restaurant & Lounge will have their Nu Metal Tribute on Saturday, Jan. 20, at 9:30 p.m. Bands will perform and bring back the memory of groups like Korn and Limp Bizkit.
Tickets for the show can be found online at Eventbrite. Jimmy’s Restaurant & Lounge is located at 188 Midland Ave., Kearny.
Recruitment fair for RWJ Barnabas Health
The Allied Health - Recruitment Fair in Essex and Hudson County, hosted by RWJ Barnabas Health, will take place on Tuesday, Jan. 16, from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. at Jersey City Medical Center.
This in-person event will allow you to connect with top employers in Essex and Hudson County and will focus on the following positions: Certified Central Sterile Techs; Social Workers - MSW, LSW and LCSW; Imaging Techs; Mental Health Associates, Workers, Screeners and Technicians; MRI Techs; Operating Room/Surgical Technicians; Respiratory Therapists; Physical Therapist; Radiation Therapist and Pharmacists.
The event is for both experienced professionals and those just starting out and will take place at 350 Montgomery St., Jersey City.
Comedy at Mulligans
Comics from Comedy Central, Sirius XM, Netf;ix, HBO and more will be at at Mulligans Pub in Hoboken on Wednesday, Jan. 17, for a night of comedy. Comics performing include Donny Roy, Amy Liszka, Kai Vetteth and James Mac. The show starts at 7:45 p.m. Mulligan’s is located at 159 First St., Hoboken.
Workshops and meetups at Hudson Kitchen HQ
Hudson Kitchen will be hosting a meetup and workshop this January, starting with their CPG Founder Meetup on Wednesday, Jan. 17, led by Djenaba Johnson-Jones - Founder & CEO of Hudson Kitchen and host of The Food Means Business Podcast. This networking event is not about having awkward conversations or collecting business cards – the goal is to help CPG (consumer packaged goods) food and beverage founders move their businesses forward by making connections.
Then, on Tuesday, Jan. 30, Hudson Kitchen’s Meet the Buyer event series brings together emerging brands with grocery buyers. The first event in the series features a presentation from Inserra Shoprite’s president and COO, Jim Dorey. Attendees will also hear from current Shoprite suppliers through a panel discussion with the Ensendmir Sisters, creators of Thumb Bread.
You can register for these events online at thehudsonkitchen.com. Hudson Kitchen is located at 9 Basin Dr., Suite 150, Kearny. 
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices