Take the spotlight with these personalized T-shirts inspired by Taylor Swift.

													By
												

	Rylee Johnston


	All products and services featured are independently chosen by editors. However, Billboard may receive a commission on orders placed through its retail links, and the retailer may receive certain auditable data for accounting purposes.

	Taylor Swift’s Eras Tour has broken plenty of records — even in streaming with the Eras Tour movie becoming Disney+’s most streamed program after its premiere. The live concert experience has also brought out some of the most creative Swift-inspired outfits with fans looking to recreate her tour wardrobe. 






	
	
		
					Explore		
	





		Explore	

















	
		
					Taylor Swift		
					


See latest videos, charts and news



See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	Whether or not you were able to get tickets to the Eras tour, Swifties has been unleashing their inner creativity to come up with apparel and accessories that fans anywhere can stock up on as part of their movie-watching outfit, or to complete their tour ‘fit. 

	










			Trending on Billboard		








	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					This $18 Fridge Magnet Can Be Personalized With Your Favorite Song (And Actually Play It)		
	



	05/02/2025	







	Etsy is home to fan-made merch and accessories including bestselling T-shirt designs inspired by the Eras tour poster. Instead of featuring the “Cruel Summer” singer though, you or the Swiftie in your life gets to be in the spotlight. 

	If you’re looking for a thoughtful gift to surprise the fan in your life — or if you’re looking for your own custom apparel — there are select styles on sale that’ll have you showing off your eras in style. Keep reading to shop Billboard Shopping‘s picks below.

		Get crafty with this personalized T-shirt that comes in 22 colors to pick from ranging from bold shades to neutral basics like black and white. You’ll need to provide 10 photos of your choice to be included in the collage. Make sure to write what name goes in the text through the personalization box on the sidebar before you add the top to your cart.	

		For more vintage vibes, this T-shirt design comes in a mix of washed shades to pick from. You’ll also be able to send in photos of yourself or a Swiftie to have placed in the collage, then be sure to include what name you want featured at the bottom to complete the look.	

		Pet owners can put their pooch in the spotlight with this pet design that features a collage of various dog photos. Just choose what color top you want out of the 16 options as well as what top style you want (options include a T-shirt, long sleeve, sweatshirt, hoodie and child sizes).	

	If that’s not enough to quench your thirst for Swifite merch, there various Swift books including an Amazon coffee table book titled Taylor Swift & The Clothes She Wears or if you prefer something more interactive, you can pick up a copy of Swift-themed Mad Libs to play with friends as you countdown the hours until her upcoming album The Tortured Poets Department.

	The Grammy-winner has also become quite the fashion influencer and if you want to wear styles she’s also donned off stage, her chic Aupen purse is still in stock as well as a Bardot bodysuit she was previously spotted wearing.

	For more product recommendations, check out our roundups of the best Taylor Swift recommended books, denim dresses and friendship bracelets.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.