By ALESIA STANFORD FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  16:58, 29 March 2024   |  Updated:  18:07, 29 March 2024   
 16
View  comments
Taylor Swift's fans think she has done some backup singing work for Beyonce.
That's the contention of some serious Swifties after hearing the Bodyguard track on Beyoncee's new album, Cowboy Carter. 
'OMG TAYLOR AND BEYONCE IN A SONG??? MY LIFE IS COMPLETE,' wrote one excited fan in the comments section for the Official Lyric video on YouTube. 
Several others were convinced as well. 'Taylor Swift doing the background vocals is just chef's kiss!!' exclaimed another. 
'TAYLOR SWIFT HAS BACKGROUND VOCALS ON THIS OMG'  and 'Omg Taylor Swift is all over this I LOVE THIS,' were also posted next to the song. 
Taylor and Beyonce have become friends with the stars showing up for each other's events lately.
They are linked as far back as 2009 when Kanye West told Taylor that Beyonce should have won the VMA for Best Video by a Female Artist.
Taylor Swift fans believe the hitmaker sang backup one one of the songs on Beyoncé's new album, Act ll: Cowboy Carter  (Pictured in Los Angeles in October 2023)
One fan even claimed to have found 'proof' by posting what appeared to be a document crediting the Hero artist on backgrounds in a post on X, formerly known as Twitter, but did not say where the so-called evidence was found. 
Rumors of a possible collaboration between the two artists were fueled in February, when producer Killah B, who co-wrote Texas Hold 'Em, told TMZ  that fans would 'just gonna have to wait and see' if Swift appeared on the album.
Beyoncé worked with some of the greats on her debut country album, including Dolly Parton, Willie Nelson and Willie Jones on the album, along with Miley Cyrus, Post Malone, Tanner Adell, Shaboozey and six-year-old daughter Rumi on the LP, but neither she nor Swift has commented about working together.
'This ain't a Country album. This is a "Beyoncé album,"' the hitmaker declared on social media, promoting the release of the collection which dropped at midnight Friday. 
'This album has been over five years in the making. It was born out of an experience that I had years ago where I did not feel welcomed…and it was very clear that I wasn’t,' the Grammy winner wrote on Instagram March 19.
Fans linked that to the singer's 2016 appearance at the Country Music Association Awards, where she performed Daddy Lessons with The Chicks. 
After the performance, Beyoncé was hit with racist backlash online.  
'But, because of that experience, I did a deeper dive into the history of Country music and studied our rich musical archive,' she said referring to the contribution of Black musicians and singers to the genre.
'OMG TAYLOR AND BEYONCE IN A SONG??? MY LIFE IS COMPLETE,' wrote one excited fan in the comments section for the Official Lyric video on YouTube. Several others also commented about their belief the Hero artist performed on the track
Act II: Cowboy Carter was released Friday at midnight.  The record includes collaborations with Dolly Parton, Willie Nelson, Willie Jones and Miley Cyrus, but neither Beyoncé nor Swift has commented about working together on the album
'This ain't a Country album. This is a 'Beyoncé album,' the hitmaker declared on social media
One of them includes a tribute to artist Linda Martell, on a track called The Linda Martell Show, introducing the Ya Ya track, and on Spaghetti.
'Genres are a funny little concept, aren’t they? Yes, they are,' Martell, 82, said on the track. In 1970 Martell released an album called Color Me Country.
'In theory, they have a simple definition that’s easy to understand. But in practice, well, some may feel confined.' 
The glass ceiling breaking artist made music history when her single, Texas Hold 'Em soared to number one on the Billboard music charts as the first Black woman to do so. She seems poised to make history again with Act II: Cowboy Carter.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group