A museum renowned for looking after swifts has been named as one of the most popular free visitor attractions in the UK.


Oxford University's Museum of Natural History has been included in a top 10 list for free activities.


  The list has been compiled by Go Outdoors, the company selling outdoor clothing and camping equipment.


READ MORE: The latest cases from Oxford Magistrates' Court 


  The Go Outdoors team used various data sources, such as social media hashtags, visitor attendance records and popular search terms to compile a top 10 of the most popular cost-effective activities to try out this year.


  Windsor Great Park and London's Science Museum topped the list for the Most Poplar Free Attractions in the UK, and Oxford's Museum of Natural History came 10th.


The Bodleian Library was listed as the fifth most "Instagrammable free attraction" referring to the social media platform.


  The Museum of Natural History building also houses the Pitt Rivers Museum.


  Each spring, swifts return to the UK after their long migration from Africa. For years, the museum tower has been a favourite nesting site, and the museum's live camera reveals the nesting birds inside from May-August.


  The swifts’ nest boxes are well hidden and accessing them involves a cramped climb to the very top of the tower.


  But the museum's webcam reveals this hidden space, showing chicks growing each summer.


  Cameras have been installed in two of the nest boxes, and the images are streamed online from May to early September.


READ MORE: Send us photos of your babies born in 2023


  The museum website states: "The colony of swifts here has been the subject of a research study since May 1947, when Elizabeth Lack and David Lack installed nest boxes in the tower.


  "It is one of the longest continuous studies of a single bird species in the world, and has contributed much to our knowledge of the swift.


  "In 1956, Swifts in a Tower was published, detailing the Lacks’ work on the colony. In 2018, the book was re-published, offering a fascinating insight into the swifts which continue to nest in the tower. 


"Sadly, the swift population in the UK has fallen by 42 percent since 1994. This may be due to a lack of nesting sites and food.


  "The Oxford Swift City project launched by the RSPB in 2017 aims to improve the conservation of swifts in Oxford by raising local awareness."


  Last year Oxfordshire nature writer Hannah Bourne-Taylor celebrated when 100,000 people signed her petition calling for 'swift brick' nest spaces to be mandatory in new housing developments.


  The museum is open Monday to Sunday, from 10am to 5pm, with last admission at 4.45pm.


  The pandemic forced the closure of 67 Go Outdoors stores across the country and Oxford's branch closed in December.


Help support trusted local news 


  Sign up for a digital subscription now: oxfordmail.co.uk/subscribe 


  As a digital subscriber you will get: 


About the author 


  Andy is the Trade and Tourism reporter for the Oxford Mail and you can sign up to his newsletters for free here. 


  He joined the team more than 20 years ago and he covers community news across Oxfordshire.


  His Trade and Tourism newsletter is released every Saturday morning. 


  You can also read his weekly Traffic and Transport newsletter.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.