By BETHAN SEXTON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  19:42, 30 March 2024   |  Updated:  20:15, 30 March 2024   
 39
View  comments
A woman who was sexually assaulted by a Delta Airlines employee on a flight back from a Taylor Swift concert is suing the airline.
The victim was traveling aboard a Delta flight from Phoenix to Seattle when she was groped by fellow passenger Duane Brick as she slept.
Brick, 53, who as later identified as a Delta mechanic, placed the victim's hand on his crotch and put his hand up her shirt while sat next to her during the flight on March 20, 2023.
The woman awoke to being assaulted and reported the incident, which was also witnessed by another passenger. Upon landing in Seattle, she reported the incident and Brick was subsequently convicted.
However, she is now suing Delta over claims flight attendants on board allowed him to remain seated next to her for 15 minutes after the report.
A woman who was sexually assaulted by a Delta Airlines employee on a flight back from a Taylor Swift concert is suing the airline
The victim was traveling aboard a Delta flight from Phoenix to Seattle when she was groped by fellow passenger Duane Brick as she slept. Pictured: Seattle Tacoma Airport
The victim also claims that they overserved Brick alcohol during the journey.
'As a common carrier, Delta owes the highest duty of care and has a legal duty to provide airline passengers, including the Plaintiff, with a safe flight that is free from unauthorized and abusive sexual contact from other passengers, including from Delta's own employees,' the lawsuit states. 
Brick admitted to touching the woman for his 'sexual gratification,' according to a statement from the Attorney's Office.
The United States Attorney's Office charged him with abusive sexual contact. He pleaded guilty on March 5 this year. 
Sentencing is scheduled in front of U.S. District Judge John H. Chun on June 10, 2024. He faces up to two years in prison. 
'Everyone should feel safe to fall asleep on a plane without the risk of being groped and sexually assaulted,' the victim's lawyer Mark Lindquist said. 'Airlines can and should do more to stop these gross violations.' 
The lawsuit alleges negligence, gross negligence, assault and battery.
Further, Lindquist alleges Delta overserved alcohol to Mr. Brick, failed to adequately train employees on how to prevent and address sexual assaults, and failed to properly monitor the cabin and protect passengers.
The victim is now suing Delta over claims air stewards on board allowed him to remain seated next to her for 15 minutes after she reported the assault to staff
The assault is just one of dozens of cases of sexual abuse aboard flights reported in the last year to the Western District of Washington's Attorney's Office.
In July 2023, Jack Roberson, 69, entered a plea of guilty to simple assault for his contact with a 15-year-old seated next to him on a flight from Atlanta to Seattle.
 According to records in the case, Roberson placed his hand on teen's thigh and slowly moved it up her thigh and under her skirt to her inner thigh. 
The victim reported to her guardian immediately and the defendant was taken into custody when the flight landed. 
Roberson faces up to a year in prison when sentenced by U.S. District Judge Lauren King on June 5, 2024. 
Similarly, Abhinav Kumar, 38,  was arraigned on a charge of abusive sexual contact for an assault on a teen sitting near him on an Emirates flight to Seattle. 
He has pleaded not guilty and a trial is set for May 6. 
'The Western District of Washington continues to see an alarming increase in sexual abuse cases aboard aircraft,' said U.S. Attorney Tessa M. Gorman.
 'Last August we emphasized that we have zero tolerance for such assaults. Sadly, we continue to learn of new allegations and are investigating and charging those cases.'
A spokeswoman for Delta said: 'While Delta will decline to comment on pending litigation, Delta has zero tolerance for unlawful conduct and will work with law enforcement entities to that end.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group