Manage your account
If you’ve been wondering where Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce have been, well, they’ve been living it up on their Bahamas getaway. The lovebirds finally have some free time and they’re making the most of it, for as long as they can. Right now, they’re lounging in their $975-a-night suite in the Bahamas, making memories together. However, eagle-eyed fans remembered that this wasn’t the first time Swift had been to the Bahamas with a beau.
Back in 2022, Swift went to the Bahamas with her ex Joe Alwyn.
More from SheKnows
Taylor Swift's Business Savvy Is Inspiring This A-List Singer To Follow Suit
Now, we’re not saying she can’t bring another boyfriend to the Bahamas (that’d be crazy), we’re just noting that it’s cool how Swift finds the Bahamas the perfect, relaxing and romantic getaway.
Per DailyMail, Swift and Alwyn were in the Bahamas for some time back in 2022 to get away from their hectic schedules, and were seen packing on the PDA throughout. They reportedly stayed in Lenny Kravitz’s Airstream trailer, and kept things quite private while on vacay.
While there are a lot of similarities between her stay with Alwyn and Kelce, there is the one major difference: she and Kelce are living it up while in the Bahamas, with their nearly $1000 a night suite and private moments.
“Taylor loves the Bahamas for the pristine beaches, climate, cuisine and privacy, of course. She knows she’ll be treated with the utmost respect by the locals, who are used to catering to celebrity clientele,” an insider told Life and Style Mag. “They wanted a break from their busy schedules to be alone and enjoy the sun, water and sand.”
For those who don’t know, Kelce and Swift made their relationship public in Sept 2023, but she told fans during her Person of the Year interview that they actually got together soon after his podcast episode in July 2023.
And before Kelce, Swift was dating actor Alwyn for six years, from Sept 2016 to March 2023, and they were incredibly private about their relationship.
Before you go, click here to see all the celebrity couples with the best stories behind how they met. 
Best of SheKnows
15 Celebrities You Didn’t Know Were Raised Mormon
Everything Harry & Meghan Have Done Since Leaving the Royal Family
23 Controversial Celebrity Couples That Divided Fans
Sign up for SheKnows' Newsletter. For the latest news, follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram.