By
Erinn Callahan
Last year was indisputably the year of Taylor Swift. In 2023, the pop superstar became — in the words of Time magazine — “the main character of the world.” She also unofficially joined the billionaires club, according to Bloomberg News analysis. Now, the “Anti-Hero” singer has made it official. Forbes recently released its annual billionaires list, and for the first time ever, Swift’s name is on it.
[RELATED: Taylor Swift Was Named One of the Most Powerful Women in the World—Why Is It Important?]
It comes as no surprise that Swift’s epoch-making “Eras” tour catapulted her into a new stratosphere of wealth. By the end of 2023 — less than halfway through its scheduled 152-show run — the tour had already generated more than $1 billion to become the highest-grossing concert tour of all time.
At 34 years old, Swift is the first musician to ever join the list solely based on her songs and performances, Forbes reported. Her music catalog alone is worth $500 million.
Swift’s ongoing effort to re-record her earlier work is a large contributor to her fortune. In 2021, the songstress began releasing “Taylor’s Versions” of her first six albums in order to regain ownership rights. The latest re-release, 1989 (Taylor’s Version) came in October 2023 and has since outpaced its original 2014 version.
Additionally, the “Karma” singer has amassed more than $500 million from royalties and touring, along with $125 million in real estate.
It’s officially April, which means the countdown to Swift’s brand-new album has begun. The “Anti-Hero” singer will drop The Tortured Poets Department on April 19.
Swifties have been clamoring for the album ever since the artist announced its release during the 66th annual GRAMMY Awards. Rapper Post Malone and ethereal indie-rock sensation Florence and the Machine are set to make guest appearances.
Naturally, the announcement ignited a firestorm of fan theories. Only 17 days until we find out which ones are true.
Featured image by Amy Sussman/Getty Images
Only members can comment. Become a member. Already a member? Log in.
4 Songs with the Most Iconic Intros in Country Music
Watch Aerosmith’s Steven Tyler and Joe Perry Perform Together for the First Time in Two Years
Beyoncé Slapped With a Cease-And-Desist Over Tour Footage Involving the Las Vegas Sphere

			© 2025 American Songwriter			American Songwriter: a Savage Ventures Brand