by 
	Delilah Gray

Trending News Editor

Taylor Swift has been in auntie mode for so long, by being so supportive and cool with Patrick & Brittany Mahomes’ kids Sterling and Bronze, Sophie Turner’s kids, and with Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds kids, to name a few. And for months, people have wondered if Swift has finally met Travis Kelce’s nieces, and now, after months of wondering, we finally know the answer!

	










	Over Easter weekend, Swift and Kelce ended their beach getaway and ended up flying back to Kelce’s home in Pennsylvania, where his parents, brother Jason Kelce and sister-in-law Kylie Kelce were in attendance. While Swift has met all of them, there are three special people she met for, reportedly, the first time when she celebrated Easter with them: Jason and Kylie’s daughters Wyatt, Elliotte, and Bennett!













	Related story



	
	
		
					Insiders Reveal Why Taylor Swift & Travis Kelce Are Opting Out of Going Out With Pals ‘As of Late'		
	










	In details obtained by Ok Magazine, Travis and Swift arrived in Pennsylvania on the morning of March 31, and stayed for exactly one day before jetting off again the next morning.

	So if anyone was still wondering, it’s pretty clear, as per the report, that if she didn’t meet Travis’s nieces before, she definitely has now!



	For those who don’t know, Travis and Swift made their relationship public in Sept 2023, but she told fans during her Person of the Year interview that they actually got together soon after his podcast episode in July 2023. They’ve been quite inseparable, and now Swift has made a big step: meeting Jason and Kylie’s three daughters named Wyatt, 4, Elliotte, 3, and Bennett, 1.
Before you go, click here to see all the celebrity couples with the best stories behind how they met. 

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
The stories you care about, delivered daily.
SheKnows is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 SheMedia, LLC. All Rights Reserved.