It isn't an accident that Taylor Swift, Selena Gomez, and Blake Lively aren't pictured together as a trio.
While Blake and Selena are two of Taylor's closest friends, the pop star rarely hangs out with them at the same time. Source says that the two just aren't the same type of person and, in fact, they serve different purposes as friends in Taylor's life. Selena and Taylor have been seen plenty of times recently, including at the Golden Globes and last year's annual Fourth of July party that Taylor throws at her Rhode Island home.
Blake, on the other hand, was seen with Taylor at a handful of football games when she went to support boyfriend Travis Kelce. Plus, they're often seen together glammed up to go out to dinner in New York City.
Join the Mirror's SMS news service to get the biggest breaking stories delivered straight to your phone. Click here to subscribe.
READ MORE: Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce celebrate Easter with his family at their £4.7million home
An insider told the Daily Mail that these decision are strategic. They said: "For a good hangout and good party, you know who to invite and who not to invite. Taylor knows not to mix Blake and Selena in the same room and that it must be two separate nights."
Taylor is known for her ability to throw a party, entertain a crowd, and create good energy. That's why her Fourth of July parties are such a hit. Plus, she's known for inviting fans to her home for hangouts where they always leave very happy with the hospitality they're shown. If Blake and Selena's personalities don't mix, it would be a no-brainer to Taylor to keep them apart.
As for what Taylor sees in Blake as a friend. The source said: "Blake enjoys the perks of being a celebrity. She loves to have fun. If there is something fun going down, she wants to be a part of it and it is contagious. This is something that everyone, including Taylor, loves about Blake. She knows that, no matter what, she is going to have a good time and lots of laughs when she is out with Blake."
The pop star has known Selena since they were very young. Selena got her start on Disney Channel around the same time that teenage Taylor was making a splash in the music industry. In many ways, they grew up in that teen-fame world with each other, so their relationship just looks a tad different. The source explained: "When Taylor wants to hang loose, Blake will be in the mix. Selena just plays a different role in Taylor's life. It is as simple as that."
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.