Travis Kelce #87 of the Kansas City Chiefs reacts in the third quarter against the San Francisco 49ers during Super Bowl LVIII at Allegiant Stadium on February 11, 2024 in Las Vegas, Nevada.
Travis Kelce is the happiest he's ever been. The Kansas City Chiefs star tells People in a new interview that the last few months has him "oozing life right now."
Fresh off of his third Super Bowl win, Kelce, 34, tells the publication he's very fulfilled. "I'm a guy that some people say is glass half full, half empty, and my glass is all the way full. It's all the way full." The football star has been enjoying all the fruits of his labor following his third championship in five years. After winning the Super Bowl, Travis notices how so many doors have been opened for him, so he's been exploring new opportunities, experiencing life, and appreciating the people who got him there.
Soon enough, Kelce will begin preparing for a new NFL season, but right now he's got other ventures in the works outside of the football field.
Next month, Travis is set to host his second annual Kelce Jam music festival, featuring performances from Lil Wayne, Diplo, and 2 Chainz. The festival will take place in Kansas City on May 18.

A post shared by

Then, he is co-producing a documentary this summer about the late artist Jean-Michel Basquiat called King Pleasure. The late artist's estate has given Kelce the go-ahead to produce the project, as well as access to Basquiat's archives, according to a report from Deadline. The film will utilize "never-before-seen home movies, notebooks, photographs, animation, and interviews" through access from the artist's estate, per the report.
Venturing into the food industry in early 2025, Kelce and his teammate Patrick Mahomes will open a steakhouse in Kansas City called 1587 Prime — a nod to their combined jersey numbers.
Though Kelce is in his off-season currently, he says he prefers staying busy. He just recently returned from a PDA-filled vacation in the Bahamas with his girlfriend, pop icon Taylor Swift. Fans were happy to see the couple going strong, sharing their reactions on X (formerly Twitter). One person said: "Lol travis floating with his big feet in the water is very golden retriever. He's frolicking in the water haha." Another wrote: "Everyone is not ok. They are going to get married & have 4 kids." A third swooned, "They look like they're out of a romcom and that's so adorable."
Now that Travis is dabbling more in the entertainment industry, maybe he will get into acting as well. As we previously reported, Dwayne Johnson said he had faith in him as an actor. "Even though he doesn’t have much experience at all in the world of Hollywood and acting, and that’s OK." Johnson says Kelce's professional athletic background gives him the discipline needed to be an actor.
It really happened! Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce hold hands after making a surprise appearance on SNL! It's what some call a "hard launch" of their relationship. Taylor has been at 3 Kansas City Chiefs games. She went to the first one against the Bears in Arrowhead, then went to the Chiefs/Jets game when they played at Met Life Stadium, and then she was at the Thursday night game when the Chiefs played the Broncos this past week.
It was a whirlwind week for Taylor, as her Eras Tour Movie, Taylor Swift: The Ears Tour Movie was released. Taylor was in LA for the Eras Tour Movie premiere on Wednesday, and then she flew right to Kansas City Thursday morning for Travis' game on Thursday night.
It was then reported that Taylor and Travis flew on her jet to NYC on Saturday morning, as Travis had almost ten days between games. Travis' cameo was first. He was in a skit parodying Fox NFL Sunday, and the obsession with the Kelce/Taylor romance. Kenan Thompson played Curt Menefee, with Mikey Day played Howie Long, James Austin Johnson played Jimmy Johnson, Devon Walker played Michael Strahan and Molly Kearney played Terry Bradshaw. Later, Taylor showed up to introduce Ice Spice, who was the musical guest and a friend of Taylor's. They did the "Karma" remix together that Taylor released a few months ago.
It's reported that they went to dinner in NYC at NOBU first, then they did SNL, then attended the SNL afterparty together.
Their timeline seemed to start when Taylor Swift brought The Eras Tour to Arrowhead in Kansas City, Travis revealed on his New Heights podcast that he went to the show and that he made her a friendship bracelet with this phone number. He wanted to give it to her, but unfortunately, they didn’t meet. Eventually, though, they obviously connected.
Travis and Taylor were first spotted together after her very first Chiefs game. She went to Arrowhead, sat with Donna Kelce, and cheered on Travis from the suite.  She and Travis were spotted leaving the stadium together, although they didn't hold hands, just walked side by side.
After they left Arrowhead, they hoped into Travis' convertiable and sped off into the sunset.  Literally.  It looks like it could be the cover for her next album. Or at least the artwork for the re-record of her song "Getaway Car!"
The first skit of the night was a parody of FOX NFL talking about Taylor Swift instead of football.  It was really clever how they weaved in her songs and talked about her exes Joe Alwyn and Matty Healey.  At the very end of the skit, Travis popped up, shocking everyone.
I have to admit, as soon as I saw Travis on SNL, and I knew Ice Spice was the musical guest, I thought MAYBE Taylor would come out and they would sing "Karma" together, but her introduction of Ice made more sense because it's Ice's night and Taylor was showing support.
Look how he grabs her and shuts the door.  I know this is all speculation, but I feel like she feels safe with him. Not to mention she's wearing super high heels and he's still way taller than her.  So hot.
SNL always has a legendary after-party that happens after every live show.  Taylor and Travis reportedly got there around 2:30 am and left at 4 am and were very cozy and comfortable with each other the whole night.  What a time for a fun celebrity couple!
I know we have no idea about their relationship, but it looks like they are having fun.  As someone who follows Taylor and is a fan, it's nice seeing her not care who she's seen with.  I really think her past boyfriends were intimidated by her being Taylor Swift and Travis seems to embrace it.
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!