The Conners star Sara Gilbert has a hilarious new reason to tune into the 2024 NFL season! During her appearance on the Jennifer Hudson Show on Wednesday, the 49-year-old actress shared how the internet helped her discover her new favorite player, Kansas City Chiefs quarterback Patrick Mahomes.
Gilbert explained that she has always been a casual viewer of the Super Bowl until she recently decided to check out the regular games during the season. It was then that a viral meme caught her attention. 
"There was this meme going around of me and Patrick Mahomes; some people would say he looked like my kid," she tells Hudson and the audience. "And so I started to just get really into him, he's my favorite now."
Patrick is far from a bad choice for a favorite player. The football star has helped his team win three Super Bowl championships, most recently leading his Kansas City Chiefs to glory in Super Bowl LVIII and beating the San Francisco 49ers 25-22 in overtime.
The 28-year-old is also an adoring husband to his wife, Brittany Mahomes, as well as a dedicated father to their two adorable children -- 2-year-old daughter, Sterling Skye, and 1-year-old son, Bronze.
Gilbert tells Hudson that some people accuse her of liking the Chiefs because of their recent association with pop star Taylor Swift, the girlfriend of Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce.  
"I'm like, 'No, Taylor Swift's great. She's great, but that's my son,'" the sitcom star quipped. "That's why I like that team."
Another woman who happily claims Patrick as her favorite Chiefs player is his wife. The couple recently celebrated their two-year wedding anniversary, but their romance began over a decade ago. 
The high school sweethearts have a long history together, which the mother of two highlighted on her Instagram Stories on Monday. Posting a recent snap of herself laughing and squeezing her husband's cheeks, Brittany shared the image alongside a throwback of herself and the Kansas City Chiefs quarterback doing the same pose in high school. 
In the throwback photo, Brittany is rocking braces, pale blue eye shadow, and a hot pink headband and bracelet. The teenage Patrick looks unamused by his future wife's antics. 
"Who knew 12 years later we would be where we are at!" Brittany wrote. "This life with you," she added with wide-eyed and heart emojis, tagging Patrick. 
Brittany and Patrick met at Whitehouse High School in East Texas when Patrick was a sophomore and Brittany was a junior. They tied the knot in 2022. The couple has been together amidst Patrick's rise to fame playing for the Kansas City Chiefs. Ahead of tying the knot, Patrick and Brittany welcomed their daughter, Sterling. After saying "I do" in 2022, the pair welcomed their second child, a baby boy named Bronze.  
Last year, Brittany celebrated their one-year wedding anniversary with an Instagram Q&A. When asked about marrying Patrick, the famous WAG said that marrying her best friend is "one of the greatest things you could do."
For more on Patrick and Brittany, click below. 
RELATED CONTENT:
Video
News
News
News
News
News