Taylor Swift fans are counting down the days until she brings her record-breaking Eras Tour to Europe next month.
The musician's boyfriend, Travis Kelce, has teased what fans can expect from the shows, and revealed that he plans to support Taylor from the crowd.
The Kansas City Chiefs star and Superbowl winner previously travelled to Argentina, Australia and Singapore to watch his girlfriend in action.
When asked if he will be 'packing his bags' to join Taylor on tour, Travis told Entertainment Tonight: "Oh, you know I gotta go support."
While he didn't clarify which cities he will be joining her in, Travis hinted that his girlfriend's shows in London and Paris will be 'can't-miss' events.
"I think she’s at Wembley [Stadium] eight times,' he said. "Which is mind-blowing that she can do that many shows in one stadium and fill that thing up.
"And London is always an amazing city and Paris is a beautiful city and she will be all over Europe.
"There won’t be a bad show, I promise you that."
Tickets were released on June 18, 2023, but not all fans were lucky enough to get their hands on them.
Thankfully, though, there's still a chance to grab tickets for Taylor's UK shows in the coming weeks - but act fast. With her European leg kicking off on Thursday, 9 May in Paris, time is ticking to secure your spot.
Using some clever tricks, fans can get their hands on tickets for UK and European Eras Tour dates right now, even though they're officially sold out. You might even score front-row seats at London's Wembley Stadium!
Don't fret, we've got all the tips, info, and insider secrets you need to get your ticket before they're all gone.
Tickets for Taylor's UK gigs are still up for grabs. Even though official outlets like Ticketmaster are sold out, there's still hope. You just need to hunt down your tickets from one of a few resale websites where you can buy them at your own pace.
Before we dive into why you should consider buying resale tickets for Taylor Swift's Eras Tour, here's a handy guide on where to find them:
These resale tickets offer fans the chance to buy tickets at their own pace, avoiding the initial mad rush when they first went on sale.
These tickets are coming straight from other fans who can't make it to the Taylor Swift concerts or have changed their minds. So, they're totally legit and protected by the websites mentioned above.
You can snap up these tickets for as little as £100 each. There are also pricier options available, including front-row standing tickets for some of her biggest UK gigs - like at London's Wembley Stadium (where she'll be performing six times in 2024).
Taylor will be touring the UK for most of summer 2024, so there's plenty of tickets up for grabs. And lots of these dates still have some front-row spots left on these sites.
But there's a catch with these tickets. Because they're being resold, the prices are set by the original ticket buyers. This means the prices could be much higher than the original list prices. But don't worry, your purchases are verified and protected by the resale websites.
We suggest checking out viagogo or Vivid Seats to find your perfect Taylor Swift tour tickets, but there are loads more resale websites you can browse.
Taylor is playing a total of 13 dates in the UK across June and August 2023.
She'll be hitting London's Wembley Stadium as well as Cardiff's Principality Stadium, Liverpool's Anfield Stadium and Edinburgh's Murrayfield Stadium.
If you can't get your hands on tickets to see the show IRL, you can stream Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour film from the comfort of your own home on Disney+.
Here's a full list of Taylor Swift UK tour dates and where to get tickets:
Fans are buzzing with excitement for her upcoming UK tour, and many will be hunting for tickets and might consider ticket reselling websites - but are they safe? It's suggested that if fans opt to buy resale tickets, they should stick to regulated sellers like viagogo or Twickets.
A spokesperson from viagogo recently shared with Express.co.uk: "The European leg of Taylor Swift's Eras tour has been long anticipated. We've not seen anything like this since The Beatles and with tickets having only just gone on sale, demand is at its peak right now.
"viagogo is a regulated marketplace where fans have the freedom to buy and sell tickets to their favourite live events, safely and securely, backed by a guarantee. Sellers on our marketplace may list tickets at high values when demand is high, but prices can change and tend to reduce over time. We recommend Swifties wait for demand to settle and check regularly for a listing that meets their budget. Tickets for Taylor Swift's UK dates have already sold for as low as 172 GBP on our platform. Also, tickets listed at eye-catchingly high levels rarely, if ever, sell."
AXS has made it clear: "The only way to obtain a valid ticket for Taylor Swift's shows is via the approved ticket agents. In the UK, the approved ticket agents are: Ticketmaster, AXS or directly through the venue's website. In Ireland, the approved ticket agent is Ticketmaster. Any tickets found to be purchased via re-sale on the non-official secondary market will not be valid for entry into the concerts and will be cancelled in accordance with the terms and conditions of sale."
They also mentioned that official resale for Taylor Swift's tickets began on August 1, 2023.
"Through official resale facilities, ticket resale prices are capped to help combat the inflation of ticket prices and put a stop to ticket touting. For more information on official resale facilities, fans should visit the website of their approved ticket agent," they continued.
"These resale facilities enable fans to sell their tickets with confidence and empower fans to purchase resale tickets with the assurance that the ticket they are purchasing is genuine.
"In addition to the official resale facilities, fans will also be able to transfer their tickets via their approved ticket agent, so they can share tickets with friends and family who are also attending the concert.
"Ticket transfer will be made available much closer to the date of the shows and fans will be notified by email when ticket transfer is available.
"Fans in the UK and Ireland will then be able transfer all of their tickets. For more information, please refer to the terms and conditions of sale published on the website of your approved ticket agent."
Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour is available to stream now on Disney+