The Blue Note hosted a Taylor Swift-themed dance party Friday. Attendees took photos in front of a themed backdrop before entering the venue to listen to Swift’s most popular songs.
Fans wore outfits inspired by different Swift eras, such as sequined dresses reminiscent of her “Shake It Off” era, along with vintage-inspired ensembles nostalgic of her “Red” album days.
Javascript is required for you to be able to read premium content. Please enable it in your browser settings.

Success! An email has been sent to  with a link to confirm list signup.
            

Error! There was an error processing your request.
            
Join the MNN Newsletter for a behind-the-scenes look at how the Columbia Missourian, KOMU, KBIA, MBA and Vox magazine build connections across Missouri.
Shyam Punnachalil, left, and Shah Zadenhahmad Sabzi cheer with the music Friday at The Blue Note in Columbia. The party played Taylor Swift’s songs all night.
Bridget Reichmuth sings with the music Friday at The Blue Note in Columbia. Taylor Swift’s album titled “The Tortured Poets Department” is scheduled for release April 19.
Kate Hoey, left, dances with Sydney Borisenko on Friday at The Blue Note in Columbia. People dressed up in Taylor Swift-inspired outfits for the party.
Carter Simkins poses for the camera Friday at The Blue Note in Columbia. “I’ve been looking forward to this all week,” Simkins said.
Taylor Swift, and now by association, Travis Kelce, may be on the leading edge of an era of niceness and brightness. 
I'm a graduate student in University of Missouri. My focus is photojournalism and documentary.
I'm a graduate student in University of Missouri. My focus is photojournalism and documentary.
Assistant Director of Photography at the Columbia Missourian
majoring in photojournalism and documentary. Contact me at
kate.cassady@mail.missouri.edu

Assistant Director of Photography at the Columbia Missourian
majoring in photojournalism and documentary. Contact me at
kate.cassady@mail.missouri.edu
Photo Editor at the Columbia Missourian, Spring 2024.
Studying Photo and Documentary Journalism.
Reach me at Lspakowski@mail.missouri.edu
Photo Editor at the Columbia Missourian, Spring 2024.
Studying Photo and Documentary Journalism.
Reach me at Lspakowski@mail.missouri.edu
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers:
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
The Columbia Parents’ Digest is a newsletter to keep you in the know about raising kids in Columbia.
Start your day with the latest news stories for Columbia.
Receive a roundup of the news of the day each evening. (View a sample.)
Each week's obituaries, delivered to your inbox.
Join the MNN Newsletter for a behind-the-scenes look at how the Columbia Missourian, KOMU, KBIA, MBA and Vox magazine build connections across Missouri.
Get the latest Mizzou and local high school sports stories delivered to your inbox.
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.