Sophie is a Newsweek Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in Lincoln, UK. Her focus is reporting on film and TV, trending news and the entertainment industry. She has covered pop culture, women's rights and the arts extensively. Sophie joined Newsweek in 2022 from Social Change UK, and has previously written for The Untitled Magazine, The Mary Sue, Ms. Magazine and Screen Rant. She graduated with a BA Honours in Fine Art from Birmingham City University and has an MA in Arts Journalism from the University of Lincoln. Languages: English.
You can get in touch with Sophie by emailing s.lloyd@newsweek.com.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
Taylor Swift's thoughtful gift to a fan is melting hearts online, with people dubbing the pop icon a "Queen of multiple talents."
Norwegian singer-songwriter Marie Ulven Ringheim—also known as Girl in Red—introduced fans to the handmade paintings presented to her by the 34-year-old music icon.
The dedicated Swifty shared a video of her Oslo apartment to TikTok on Sunday. She showed fans her favorite decor items, which include a Spiderman rug, a coffee table from the 1960s, and wall lamps she purchased from a "cute lesbian couple."
However, followers were most interested in the artwork gifted to the 24-year-old by Swift, hung against a yellow wall.
Appearing to have been painted with watercolors, the first frame shows a daisy, while the second depicts a peony. Both pieces are emblazoned with Ringheim's lyrics, with a hand-written note at the bottom of the daisy design reading: "Words by Marie, daisy by Taylor."
"These wonderful paintings the one and only Taylor gave to me," Ringheim said in the video captions. "These are framed and sacred forever."
Newsweek has reached out to Marie Ulven Ringheim for comment via email.
Fans couldn't get enough of the gift, with TikTok user Helena commenting: "I love the Taylor paintings."
"OMG you're saying you casually have paintings you got from Taylor in your home!!??" asked TikTok user Emilia.
im feeling the inspo vibes today
"Miss girl... may we get a full close-up," requested Madeline Warner.
"Taylor Swift is not only a musical genius but also a talented artist!" wrote @mimicracy on X, formerly Twitter, while Asad Jamil said: "Girl in red is so lucky to receive such heartfelt gifts."
During a gig in 2022, Ringheim excitedly told the crowd that Swift had reached out to her.
"I got a strange email from someone called Taylor," the singer said. "It was really long f****** email from Taylor Swift, where she wrote like, I swear to God, it was like a paragraph about how much she loved my album."
"I was like, oh my God, I absolutely love you. This is so f****** cool."
Following the email exchange, Ringheim received a package with the paintings.
"I opened it in the car because I couldn't wait until I got home," she continued. "She had made paintings for me. She wrote me a beautiful letter and it smelt like her. I swear to God, she put perfume on it."
Ringheim is an opening act for Swift's Eras Tour, which began in March 2023 and will conclude in December. So far, the tour has broken a number of records, including the highest-grossing tour ever, earning more than $1 billion in revenue.
Sophie is a Newsweek Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in Lincoln, UK. Her focus is reporting on film and TV, trending news and the entertainment industry. She has covered pop culture, women's rights and the arts extensively. Sophie joined Newsweek in 2022 from Social Change UK, and has previously written for The Untitled Magazine, The Mary Sue, Ms. Magazine and Screen Rant. She graduated with a BA Honours in Fine Art from Birmingham City University and has an MA in Arts Journalism from the University of Lincoln. Languages: English.
You can get in touch with Sophie by emailing s.lloyd@newsweek.com.
Sophie is a Newsweek Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in Lincoln, UK. Her focus is reporting on film and TV, trending news and the entertainment industry. She has covered pop culture, women's rights and the arts extensively. Sophie joined Newsweek in 2022 from Social Change UK, and has previously written for The Untitled Magazine, The Mary Sue, Ms. Magazine and Screen Rant. She graduated with a BA Honours in Fine Art from Birmingham City University and has an MA in Arts Journalism from the University of Lincoln. Languages: English.
You can get in touch with Sophie by emailing s.lloyd@newsweek.com.
Sophie is a Newsweek Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in Lincoln, UK. Her focus is reporting on film and                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC