Taylor Swift fans have been issued a stark warning about fraudulent tickets as thousands have already fallen prey to scams. The pop sensation is merely weeks away from gracing the UK with her much-awaited Eras Tour.
The 'Anti-Hero' singer is set to perform at iconic venues including London's Wembley Stadium, Edinburgh's Murrayfield Stadium and Cardiff's Principality Stadium, among others. Despite playing over 13 dates and entertaining an audience of more than 500,000, the demand for tickets has far exceeded the supply, leaving many fans desperate and vulnerable to ticket fraud.
Edinburgh Police have urged Swifties to "stay vigilant" following a surge in "fraudulent tickets" surfacing online, which has seen fans losing out financially in their bid to see the star live. Some fans have been conned out of approximately £5,000 due to scams related to the Eras Tour tickets, reports the Express.
Read more:
In the past fortnight alone, there have been 16 reported incidents of fraudulent ticket sales tricking Taylor Swift enthusiasts, resulting in substantial financial losses. A statement from the Edinburgh police highlighted: "The amount of money suspected to have been fraudulently paid is estimated at over £5,000.
"Many of these frauds are taking place on online marketplace platforms. Please be vigilant and ensure you are buying from legitimate sources, checking any bank details being provided."
They also provided some guidance for fans still hoping to secure resale tickets to see Taylor Swift this year. The force advised: "Before purchasing, carefully review the ticket details to ensure their authenticity.
"Check for accurate event information, including the date, time, and venue. Pay attention to the seating section or assigned seats, which can indicate fraudulent tickets."
"When purchasing tickets online, prioritise secure payment methods to safeguard your financial information. Credit cards and reputable online payment platforms offer additional protection against fraudulent transactions. Avoid paying with cash, wire transfers, or unsecured payment methods."
Fortunately, there are some safe and secure ways to get hold of last-minute Taylor Swift resale tickets right now. Taylor Swift tickets were initially available from official retailers Ticketmaster and AXS back in August 2023. However, they sold out almost instantly.
And, although Ticketmaster released its own wave of resale tickets shortly after, they, too, were snapped up extremely quickly. As a result, fans have now turned to resale websites such as viagogo and Vivid Seats to secure their spots at the various gigs kicking off this year. While still not official retailers, these reseller websites have various terms and conditions and safety protocols to ensure fans do not get duped in any way.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.