Josh Turner, Elle King, Wheeler Walker, Adam Calhoun, Buckcherry and Aaron Lewis are just a few of the headliners set to take center stage at Dr Pepper Park in downtown Roanoke during the 2024 season for the Northwest Ace Summer Concert Series, which also marks the venue’s 10th anniversary.
Concert fans looking to pay homage to iconic stars such as Taylor Swift, Fleetwood Mac, Nirvana and Bob Seger will be able to do so as part of the venue’s popular Cundiff Heating & Air Flashback Series. In fact, the Taylor Swift Tribute: Let’s Sing Taylor!, set for April 19, is scheduled to coincide with the singer’s newest album drop that same day.
The privately owned venue, located beside the Roanoke River at the base of Mill Mountain in the heart of the downtown district, features dozens of concerts, festivals and special events from April through October.
Voted “Best Live Music Venue” year after year, Dr Pepper Park features multiple seating options for fans, including a pit area for some concerts, as well as the National Pools VIP rooftop area, which includes plush furniture and private bar service for guests.
“The venue is so unique in that there are just so many ways you can experience the events here,” said Waynette Anderson, founder and owner of River Rock Entertainment. “It’s just a very social setting. While some fans prefer to sit in their lawn chairs either in the general admission area or in the pit closer to the stage, others find a favorite spot further back, or sometimes just choose to mingle with friends under the bridge with the music serving as a backdrop. Everyone has an idea of what their concert experience should be, and here you can pick what’s best for you.”
Anderson said she and her team are very mindful of what fans want to hear year to year and try to find acts to accommodate their interests, including hosting several kid- and family-oriented shows throughout the season.
“We are continually talking to our guests, listening to our followers on social media to see what they want, and if it’s feasible for our capacity, we will go after those artists,” she said.
Elle King plays June 20 and Adam Calhoun and Demun Jones with Dusty Leigh and Bubba Sparzxxx perform on June 21. In addition to the national acts and tribute series, River Rock Entertainment hosts the wildly popular Northwest Ace Roanoke Wing Fest, now in its 15th year.
Wing Fest, the venue’s largest one-day food festival, is set for Saturday, Aug. 24, and includes more than 75 vendors, live music by local and regional bands throughout the day, multiple contests including Clucking Karaoke and the ever-popular Cornhole tournament, prizes and more. Tickets are $5 in advance or $7 at the gate. Kids 12 and under are admitted for free.
“It’s truly been an honor being part of this wonderful community for the past 10 years, knowing that we are entertaining local residents, as well as nurturing future arts lovers,” Anderson said. “There’s nothing like it.”
For more information on the 2024 season or to purchase tickets, please visit drpepperpark.com or call 540.206.2414. Tickets may also be purchased at the box office (2110 Shenandoah Valley Ave.) from 10 a.m. until 2 p.m. on Tuesdays and Thursdays.
Get local news delivered to your inbox!
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.