After a long winter, music festival season is finally starting to blossom.
On April 12-14, annual biggie Coachella returns to Indio, CA’s Empire Polo Field for three huge days of Hip-Hop, K-Pop, reggaeton, rock, dance and more along with a few throwback ’90s icons thrown in for good measure.
Just a few of this year’s top headliners include Lana Del Rey, Doja Cat, Tyler, The Creator, No Doubt, and Blur.
They’ll be joined by Peso Pluma, ATEEZ, Sabrina Carpenter, Jhené Aiko and Dom Dolla.
Khruangbin, Sublime, Lil Uzi Vert, Justice, and J Balvin will be there, too.
Plus, word on the street is that Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce might stop by to see Del Rey and Jack Antonoff’s band Bleachers, according to Teen Vogue.
“I love going to Coachella. I love live music in general. So you might see me pop up over there at some point,” Kelce shared in an interview with People this month.
For those who want to attend, last-minute tickets are still available.
At the time of publication, three-day passes start at $443 before fees on Vivid Seats.
Can’t make it this weekend?
Not a problem — from April 19-21, Coachella will do it all over again.
Passes for weekend two — featuring all the same artists — can be scooped up here.
Still looking for a few more details before smashing that buy button?
We’ve got everything you need to know and more about the 2024 Coachella Music and Arts Festival below.
All prices listed above are subject to fluctuation.
A complete breakdown of all the best prices on general admission and VIP passes* can be found here:
*Just a few of the amenities for VIPs include shade cover, restrooms with air conditioning, certain food and beverage vendors, and full cash bars.
(Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are in US dollars, subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.)
Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. 
They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event.
If you’d prefer to attend the second weekend, general admission passes start at $383 before fees.
VIP passes are going for $843 before fees at the time of publication.
Swift and Kelce reportedly made plans to rent a house in the Indio area one of the two weekends, according to an insider who spoke to US Weekly.
Another sign pointing to the high-profile pair’s attendance is that Kelce will rumored to be in Los Angeles to film an ad over the April 12-14 weekend, a second source added.
Prefer to see Swift onstage?
Tickets for all of Taylor Swift’s upcoming ‘Eras Tour’ concerts can be found here.
Want to catch Kelce at a fest?
Click here to grab tickets to his May 18 Kelce Jam with Lil Wayne, Diplo, 2 Chainz and more.
We barely scratched the surface of Coachella’s genre-defying lineup.
With a bill made up of over 150 artists, here’s a closer look at all artists set to perform at this year’s festival:
A post shared by Coachella (@coachella)
Once Coachella goes down, there will be fests almost every weekend up until October.
Here are just five you won’t want to miss these next few months:
Curious about all the other huge multi-day musical extravaganzas on this year’s docket?
Take a gander at the 63 biggest music festival in 2024 here to find the one for you.