By Jake Kanter, Denise Petski 

UPDATED: Morgan Wallen pleaded guilty Thursday to two misdemeanor counts of reckless endangerment in a Nashville, TN courtroom stemming from an April incident in which he hurled a chair off a bar rooftop. 

	A judge sentenced the country star to seven days to be served at a DUI education center, as well as two years’ probation – one year for each of his misdemeanor charges for reckless endangerment – along with a $350 fine and court fees.

	The “Whiskey Glasses” singer initially was charged with disorderly conduct, a misdemeanor, and three counts of felony reckless endangerment with a deadly weapon. The charges were reduced from felonies to misdemeanors during a hearing on Tuesday.

	










	“Upon the successful completion of his probation, the charges will be eligible for dismissal and expungement,” his attorney Worrick Robinson said in a statement shared with media outlets. “Mr. Wallen has cooperated fully with authorities throughout these last eight months, directly communicating and apologizing to all involved. Mr. Wallen remains committed to making a positive impact through his music and foundation.”




			Watch on Deadline		






	Most recently, Wallen was named entertainer of the year at the 2024 CMA Awards. He was not present to accept the award.

PREVIOUS, April 8: Morgan Wallen capped a wild weekend by getting arrested on multiple felony charges.

	The country singer’s rep confirmed the arrest in a statement to Deadline’s sister title Billboard. Police say he hurled a chair off the roof of Eric Church’s Chief’s Bar in Nashville on Sunday night. He has been released from jail.

	Worrick Robinson, of Worrick Robinson Law, said: “At 10:53p Sunday evening Morgan Wallen was arrested in downtown Nashville for reckless endangerment and disorderly conduct. He is cooperating fully with authorities.” 

	WSMV reported that Wallen was taken into custody just after 12:30 a.m. He is charged with three counts of felony reckless endangerment and one count of disorderly conduct.

	The incident took place after Wallen denounced his fans for booing Taylor Swift on Friday night. He told the crowd that they had set an attendance record for his two-night appearance at the Lucas Oil Stadium in Indianapolis. He then quipped that he would likely hold the title “until Taylor Swift comes to town.”

	










	Wallen thanked fans for their loyalty, but said, “We ain’t got to boo, we ain’t got to boo.”
#fyp #morganwallen #taylorswift #countrymusic #onethingatatime #lucasoilstadium #indianapolis 
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.