Morgan Wallen was arrested over the weekend after allegedly throwing a chair from the sixth floor of a bar, with it landing just inches away from police.
The 30-year-old country star was arrested on Sunday evening after throwing the chair from the Chiefs Bar in Nashville. He was charged with three counts of reckless endangerment and one count of disorderly conduct.
Police officers from the Metropolitan Nashville Police Department claim the chair landed three feet away from them. Staff members at the bar informed officers Wallen was responsible for throwing the chair, according to the arrest report seen by The Mirror.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Angelina Jolie's daughter 'wants to move in with Brad Pitt' despite lawsuit accusing him of 'abuse'
Police then watched a video of the incident which showed Wallen "lunging and throwing an object over the roof", according to his arrest report. Wallen's bond was set at $15,250 (£12,000) and he was filmed being shielded by umbrellas as he was released from Davidson County jail.
Wallen's attorney Worrick Robinson shared a statement about the arrest with NewsChannel5. He said: "At 10:53pm Sunday evening Morgan Wallen was arrested in downtown Nashville for reckless endangerment and disorderly conduct. He is cooperating fully with authorities."
The singer's next court date is May 3. Wallen is already expected to be in Nashville on that date as he will be performing at Nissan Stadium on May 2 and 3.
This isn't the first time Wallen has had a run in with police. In May 2020, he was detained over disorderly conduct at Kid Rock's Honky Tonk bar in Nashville. He was also charged with DUI in 2016 but the case was dismissed.
Wallen was forced to speak out in defence of Taylor Swift last week after she was booed by his fans. Concert goers gave an unexpected reaction to a comment he made about the Shake It Off hitmaker during his show at Lucas Oil Stadium in Indianapolis on Friday night.
"They told me right before I walked on stage that this is the single most-attended concert in the history of this building," he said. "And that we are the first people to do that two nights in a row. I’m going to say that until Taylor Swift comes to town in the fall."
People then started booing his comment, but the singer was having none of it. "We ain’t got to boo, we ain’t got to boo," he warned fans.
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok , Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.