A school bus driver has been praised for his swift actions after a blaze broke out. The incident happened on the B4215 in Highleadon and children from Newent Community School were on board.
Nobody was injured in the blaze which happened at 3.49pm. It took Gloucestershire Fire and Rescue Service an hour to put out and an investigation has now been launched into its cause, reports Gloucestershire Live.
A replacement bus was sent out by the county council to take people home. The road, near Newent, was blocked for a while while emergency crews worked at the scene.
READ MORE: Police warning after 324 arrests in one month
Try BristolLive Premium for FREE with no ads and new features
Applegates Coaches Director Ceri Taylor said: "The exact cause is yet unknown and we have hired an external investigator to look into the cause of it. Reports from the fire service suggest it started on the roof where the air con and blower motors are located and we suspect that a fault in that unit on the roof was the cause.
"Our vehicles are inspected every four weeks. This vehicle inspection was done mid December 23.
"Drivers are trained for emergency procedures and we have received a lot of positive comments from parents praising the driver for his swift actions. He managed to stop the vehicle in a position where students could get off easily, and he directed them to the nearest safe place he could see, he lost some of his personal belongings and spent time getting the children to safety.
"We are extremely grateful to him for getting a large amount of students off the coach without injury and we can’t thank him enough for the way he dealt with the situation. The fact he got a large number of students off in good time, proves that he did an excellent job for his students and our company.
"I would also like to thank Gloucestershire County Council for their extremely swift actions in communications and assisting us in organising replacement vehicles and liaising directly with authorities on scene. We would also like to thank H&H Coaches who removed the children from the roadside."
Gloucestershire Fire and Rescue Service was alerted to the incident at 3.49pm. Two engines, from Gloucester North and Cheltenham East, attended the scene. Thankfully there were no injuries and the fire service had dealt with the blaze by 5pm.
A spokesperson for Gloucestershire County Council said: “Huge thanks to Gloucestershire Fire and Rescue Service for their efforts in responding this incident. We are relieved that no one has been injured following a fire on a school bus service.
“A replacement bus was sent to the scene to collect the pupils and get them home safely following the incident, with staff from our education service attending to support the children and young people. We will be reviewing the incident to understand what happened.”
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.