Selena Gomez and Emily Blunt were sure to not let anyone read their lips at the AFI Awards on Friday night as they jibed the recent viral lip-reading scenes.
The stars were recently targeted by online lip readers who went viral with claims they could decipher what the two actresses were saying at last week’s Golden Globes. Keen to avoid any more controversy, the duo covered their mouths when they met up at the Los Angeles ceremony.
Happy to join in with the joke, the two friends were photographed inside the Four Season Hotel as they stared down the camera with their hands in front of their mouths. “We shall not speak lol,” 31-year-old Selena playfully wrote on her Instagram story after the event.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Travis Kelce loses 'smug smile' in 'foul mood' as cracks appear in Taylor Swift romance
Following the Golden Globes, Emily, 40, faced divorce rumours when online sleuths debated over what was being said between her and her husband of 13 years, 44-year-old John Krasinski. Social media users reckoned a conversation they had on the red carpet seemed to indicate the couple were having marriage problems, with one TikTok user writing: “I’ve watched this 500 times trying to convince myself he said something other than divorce.”
Thankfully, it looks like the lip reading ‘experts’ were wrong as a source close to the couple dismissed the rumours as rubbish, confirming the topic of divorce was not discussed between the couple. “There are no issues with Emily and John,” the insider told Us Weekly, later adding: “They think the rumours are funny and ridiculous.”
Also at the event, Selena was caught having a full-on gossip session with pals Taylor Swift and Keleigh Sperry - with eagle-eyed fans guessing the targets of the conversation were Timothée Chamalet and Kylie Jenner. The three stunners were caught on camera huddling close together while whispering wide-eyed to each other at the star-studded event.
According to lip-reading expert Jeremy Freeman’s analysis, Selena was sharing the news that she had been denied a picture with somebody. He told Page Six the actress said: “He didn’t want a picture with me. He said no.” From that, fans deduced the Lose You to Love Me Singer was talking about Timothée, with some adding it was his new girlfriend Kylie Jenner who stopped him from posing for the photo.
The Wizards of Waverly Place star has since clarified she was actually talking to Taylor and Keleigh about two of her friends who had got together. Commenting on E! News’ Instagram post, the actress wrote: “I told Taylor about two of my friends who hooked up. Not that that’s anyone’s business.”
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.