ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA - OCTOBER 11: (L-R) Beyoncé Knowles-Carter and Taylor Swift attend the ... More "Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour" Concert Movie World Premiere at AMC The Grove 14 on October 11, 2023 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by John Shearer/Getty Images for TAS)
Taylor Swift and Beyoncé are often mentioned in the same breath as one another these days, as the two are arguably the most successful female musicians on the planet at the moment. They have both released new albums in the past several years, earning critical praise and smash hits, and winning Grammys. But what do they have in common with Bob Marley?
All three of those artists have topped the box office in the U.S. in the past half-year or so. Two of them managed the feat with concert films, while Marley’s name appeared at No. 1 on the ranking of the highest-grossing theatrical releases in America with a biopic that tells his story and makes use of his brand and music.
Swift started this musical trend in October 2023 with her Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour concert film. The movie, which focuses on her ongoing trek of the same name, was a box office smash when it arrived, and it now ranks as the highest-grossing concert film ever.
Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour hit No. 1 in countries all around the world, including in the U.S. It ranked as the top-grossing film in America for two weeks running, and even after it fell from the highest rung, it still continued to make millions each week for months. Eventually, it earned more than $180 million domestically.
Two months after Swift conquered the movie industry, Beyoncé followed suit. Renaissance: A Film by Beyoncé debuted at No. 1 at the U.S. box office the weekend of December 1 through 3. That concert movie/documentary only ruled for one frame, but it went on to become hugely successful. In America alone, Bey’s latest visual feast brought in just under $34 million in ticket sales.
Bob Marley: One Love then opened at No. 1 in the U.S. starting the weekend of February 16 through 18. It would remain the most popular option in American movie theaters for three weeks, before eventually being replaced by Dune: Part Two.
So far, Bob Marley: One Love has made just under $100 million at the box office in America, and it’s not done just yet. The movie isn’t a concert film or a documentary, but rather a somewhat fictionalized retelling of the reggae powerhouse’s life and rise to the highest of highs in the music industry. Clearly audiences still love him and his work, as they made the title a smash success.
The notable box office sums that Swift, Beyoncé, and Marley commanded show that there’s real interest in music and musical stories. Musicians are some of the most beloved and popular celebrities in the world, and more and more, they’re finding ways to connect with audiences via other mediums. Paired with an evolving landscape in the theatrical space, it seems likely that more of these kinds of films will find their way to the big screen.