By SAM JOSEPH SEMON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM and AMELIA WYNNE FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  20:40, 14 April 2024   |  Updated:  12:22, 15 April 2024   
 299
View  comments
Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce packed on the PDA during the Neon Carnival event, which took place in Indio, California, on Saturday night.
The 34-year-old hitmaker and the 34-year-old professional football player made no secret of their affection for one another at the party, as they were spotted while locking lips in a video that was shared on TikTok.
The Karma singer and her boyfriend - who skipped the first night of the Coachella festival - were seen while supporting her frequent collaborator, Jack Antonoff, while his band Bleachers played earlier in the evening, reports TMZ.
According to the media outlet, Swift and Kelce were seen while dancing and hugging each other during the set.
The Grammy Award-winning songwriter went on to show her support for her friend and collaborator Ice Spice, who also performed at the festival. 
Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce packed on the PDA during the Neon Carnival event, which took place in Indio, California, on Saturday night; seen in February
The Karma singer and her boyfriend - who skipped the first night of the Coachella festival - were seen while supporting her frequent collaborator, Jack Antonoff, while his band Bleachers played earlier in the evening, according to TMZ
Swift and Kelce started seeing each other in September of 2023, and she began attending his games that same month.
The False God singer had been linked to several individuals in the past, and her relationship with Joe Alwyn lasted for a total of six years.
The professional football player maintained an on-off relationship with sports journalist Kayla Nicole that lasted from 2017 until 2022.
He eventually moved on with the singer, and they made their first public appearance as a couple in October of last year.
Swift and Kelce have since engaged in several public displays of PDA ever since they revealed their romance to the world.
The happy couple became the subject of attention after they locked lips following the conclusion of Super Bowl LVIII, which took place earlier this year.
The professional athlete recently opened up about his relationship with the singer during an interview with Entertainment Tonight, where he stated that she had greatly influenced his playlists.
The tight end stated that it had 'been fun to experience her taste in music, for sure.'
Swift and Kelce started seeing each other in September of 2023, and she began attending his games that same month
Swift and Kelce have since engaged in several public displays of PDA ever since they revealed their romance to the world; seen in 2023
The happy couple became the subject of attention after they locked lips following the conclusion of Super Bowl LVIII, which took place earlier this year; seen in January
Kelce went on to speak about his admiration for the I Can See You singer's creative process. 
'She's so amazing at what she does. And to find that creativity to see where she likes to pull things from and just, really, how she listens to music is very eye-opening for me. It's been fun to hear her take on it,' he said.
The performer then discussed how he felt as if both his, as well as his girlfriend, were 'very career-driven.'
'We both love what we do, and any chance that I can show my support to her - and knowing that she's showing me all the support in the world throughout the season - it's just been an amazing experience,' he said.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group