Manage your account
The stars spent time in the crowd together during Ice Spice's set at the Indio, California, music festival
Gilbert Flores/WWD via Getty; Dave Benett/VF24/WireImage
Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce were living it up with Sabrina Carpenter and Barry Keoghan at Coachella!
On Saturday, April 13, the couples were spotted hanging out together in the crowd, a video captured by a concertgoer and shared on X (formerly Twitter) shows.
The group hangout comes after Carpenter, 24, opened for some of Swift’s Eras tour dates, and Keoghan, 31, attended to support her.
Related: Taylor Swift Shows Support for Boyfriend Travis Kelce at Coachella as She Wears New Heights Cap 
Christina House / Los Angeles Times via Getty 
In a video of the group at the Indio, California, music festival, Kelce and Swift, both 34, danced along to the singer’s hit song “Karma” as Ice Spice, who was featured on a remix of the track, performed it onstage.
In the clip, Carpenter and Keoghan, who first sparked dating rumors in late 2023, stood right in front of the couple, watching on as the rapper performed.
Before Ice Spice, 24, began her Coachella set, Swift was seen introducing Kelce and greeting other festival-goers as they waited, a TikTok posted by actress Sissy Sheridan showed.
Related: Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce’s Relationship Timeline
At another Saturday Coachella performance from Bleachers — which is fronted by one of Swift's friends and collaborators, Jack Antonoff — the “Red” singer and her beau were seen dancing together and sharing a smooch.
During the set, the tight end and pop star were spotted kissing and grooving together backstage as the “Rollercoaster” rockers performed.
In another TikTok captured at Coachella on April 13, Swift and Kelce were seen sharing a sweet moment as they danced, intertwined with their arms in the air while watching Dom Dolla's set.
Tommaso Boddi/Getty; Kevin Kane/WireImage
Never miss a story — sign up for PEOPLE's free daily newsletter to stay up-to-date on the best of what PEOPLE has to offer, from celebrity news to compelling human interest stories.
Another sweet — and viral — moment from the music festival came on Friday, April 12, during Carpenter’s set, when Keoghan was spotted not only supporting the “Espresso” singer, but also filming her performance.
In a clip shared by a concertgoer on X, the Saltburn star stood in front of the stage and held up a phone to film Carpenter, nodding along as she performed her song “Bet U Wanna.”
Related: Sabrina Carpenter and Barry Keoghan’s Relationship Timeline
And Keoghan was committed to capturing a quality video, turning and following the singer with the camera as she walked across the stage, where the balcony of a mock motel was created for her set.
In other clips posted by fans of Carpenter on X, the Banshees of Inisherin actor could be seen watching his singer girlfriend perform sans camera, and hopping in a golf cart with her to head backstage after her set.
For more People news, make sure to sign up for our newsletter!
Read the original article on People.