There's a lot going on in her seemingly simple festival look.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

After an eight year hiatus from the festival circuit, Taylor Swift made her grand return to the California desert for Coachella on Saturday, April 13. Her outfit showed just how much her style has changed since her last appearance—and sweetly referenced where she is in life now.
Swift cheered on her collaborators Jack Antonoff (performing with his band, Bleachers) and Ice Spice (rapping solo) with boyfriend Travis Kelce by her side. She chose a piece of merch for the occasion—just not for the performers onstage. The first immediately obvious item of Taylor's festival outfit was a baseball cap embroidered with the logo for New Heights, Travis's podcast. (That's the very same place where Kelce first mentioned going to see Taylor perform last July, where he failed to give her a friendship bracelet beaded with his phone number. Oh, how the dominoes have cascaded since then.)
Taylor Swift attended the festival in head-to-toe black that coordinated with Ice Spice—and also gave off some Reputation energy.
Otherwise, Taylor Swift's Coachella outfit didn't follow festival dress code conventions. She dressed in head-to-toe black, starting with a slick, patent leather jacket and a black T-shirt underneath. Then came a pleated skort with an adjustable buckle garter by the TikTok-viral athleticwear brand Halara. Rounding out the look, she laced up a pair of chunky sneakers by Gucci and carried a crossbody leather bag by Stella McCartney. Her jewelry stack included gold hoops at the base and smaller charm earrings above them.
The last time the "Anti-Hero" singer attended Coachella, it was 2016 and her hair was freshly chopped and bleached for the upcoming Met Gala. (She and fans both reference the look as "Bleachella.") Swift had also worn a varsity jacket promoting Calvin Harris's single "This Is What You Came For." All the photos she shared of the look were since deleted from her Instagram.
Taylor Swift being Taylor Swift, the monochromatic look might not simply be her endorsement of the chunky sneaker trend re-emerging on runways from Coach to Cecilie Bahnsen. Black outfits with a sexier edge were a cornerstone of her Reputation style era. So were outfits including Gucci, a designer she started wearing more often in 2017, including in the Look What You Made Me Do music video. All those parallels could be another wink at Reputation (Taylor's Version). The last time Swift went to Coachella was also the year before Rep first debuted, after all.
Of course, fans have seen Reputation where Taylor Swift actually dropped hints for another project. Take the 2024 Grammys, where Swift arrived in a white Schiaparelli gown and black opera gloves. Fans interpreted the color scheme as a sign Rep's rerecord was nigh; Swift accepted an award that evening and announced that, actually, she had an entirely new album on the way. The pleats in Swift's Coachella skirt are also consistent with the Miu Miu and Sandy Liang minis she's worn to promote The Tortured Poets Department ever since.
Swift also supported Travis Kelce's podcast, New Heights, with a branded baseball cap.
There's more to decode where Saturday night's look came from. Swift's eleventh studio album, The Tortured Poets Department, finally arrives on Friday, April 19. She's spent the lead-up to the album in preppy uniforms that seemingly reference the academic title, including a range of polos, platform loafers, and crewneck sweaters. Fans will know after the first listen whether she's embedded more Easter eggs in all the outfits she's been wearing. For now, they can enjoy that "Bleachella" isn't her last Coachella outfit on the record.
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
Halie LeSavage is the senior fashion and beauty news editor at Marie Claire, where she assigns, edits, and writes stories for both sections. Halie is an expert on runway trends, celebrity style, emerging fashion and beauty brands, and shopping (naturally). In over seven years as a professional journalist, Halie’s reporting has ranged from fashion week coverage spanning the Copenhagen, New York, Milan, and Paris markets, to profiles on industry insiders like celebrity stylist Molly Dickson, to breaking news stories on noteworthy brand collaborations and beauty product launches. (She can personally confirm that Bella Hadid’s Ôrebella perfume is worth the hype.) She has also written dozens of research-backed shopping guides to finding the best tote bags, ballet flats, and more. Most of all, Halie loves to explore what style trends—like the rise of emotional support accessories or TikTok’s 75 Hard Style Challenge—can say about culture writ large. She also justifies almost any purchase by saying it’s “for work.” 
Halie has previously held writer and editor roles at Glamour, Morning Brew, and Harper’s Bazaar. She has been cited as a fashion and beauty expert in The Cut, CNN Underscored, and Reuters, among other outlets, and appears in newsletters like Selleb and Self Checkout to provide shopping recommendations. In 2022, she earned the Hearst Spotlight Award for excellence and innovation in fashion journalism. She holds a Bachelor’s Degree in English from Harvard College. Outside of work, Halie is passionate about books, baking, and her miniature Bernedoodle, Dolly. For a behind-the-scenes look at her reporting, you can follow Halie on Instagram and TikTok.

The 21-year-old Princess of Orange, Catharina-Amalia, has overcome a scary period in her young life.


She's currently on a break from her beloved sneaker collection.


She never misses.


She's currently on a break from her beloved sneaker collection.


The fashion cross-over I didn't know I needed.


Even halfway across the country, she's still F1's best-dressed fan.


She's not an F1 WAG, but she sure nailed the aesthetic.


She one hundred percent pulls them off.


'Twilight,' Shania Twain, and beyond...


If this is her off-duty look, I can only imagine what Monday's event will bring.


This timepiece is apparently a billionaire essential.


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.