A Cornish choreographer, who has worked with some of the biggest names in show business will return to the Duchy to host a two-day workshop. 


  Aaron Renfree, 36 has worked with some of the biggest names in showbiz including Taylor Swift, Little Mix, Kylie Minogue, Sean Paul, Take That, JLS and Alexandra Burke amongst others.


  In 2001, Aaron first shot to fame when he was picked from thousands to be a member of the S Club Juniors. After gaining a huge following, the juniors went on to achieve six top-ten singles and two top-ten UK albums.


  In recent years, Aaron – who was born in Truro and raised in Newquay has worked on popular TV entertainment shows, The Voice, The Masked Singer, The Masked Dancer, Dancing on Ice, and the X Factor, Ru Paul’s Drag Race UK vs The World, and choreographed and danced for artists performing at the Brits and the Royal Variety Show.


A young Aaron (centre right) in August 2001 when Andrew Lloyd Webbers Joseph and the technicolour Dreamcoat came to Cornwall   (Image: Stagecoach Performing Arts Truro)However, with a passion for performing first beginning at a young age, Aaron then became a pupil at Stagecoach Performing Arts in Truro – where he will return in February to host a two-day workshop during half term.  


  On its website, the performing arts school caters for children between the ages of four and 18 from Truro and the surrounding area including Falmouth, Redruth Camborne, Newquay, Bodmin, Wadebridge, Helston, and St Austell.


Aaron with Glee actress Heather Morris who went on to win Season 2 of The Masked Dancer  (Image: Instagram: Aaron Renfree)


  It has recently celebrated its 30th year since starting in Cornwall and has seen past students like Aaron go on to achieve successful careers in performing arts, including Chloe Hart. Chloe - a former classmate of Aaron has just completed a run as Jane Seymour in the SIX UK tour. 


  Former pupil Huw Roberts was also a finalist in Gary Barlow's Let it Shine TV show. 


Aaron performing with global superstar Taylor Swift on the X Factor   (Image: Aaron Renfree)
  Over the years, students have performed at Disney Land Paris, and numerous UK tours including Evita, Grapes of Wrath, Jesus Christ Superstar, and An Inspector Calls. Others have appeared in films such as WWZ with Brad Pitt, Da Vinci Code with Tom Hanks, Hot Fuzz with Simon Pegg and TV shows including Doc Martin, Casualty and Poldark. 


  Aaron continues to return to the Duchy in between his busy schedule to visit family and friends and is looking forward to the upcoming workshops. He said: “I am super excited to return to Cornwall where I started my performing journey and teach the aspiring talent of today.”  


Aaron on stage with UK girl group, The Saturdays   (Image: Aaron Renfree)


  Eily Tatlow, principal of the Stagecoach Performing Arts in Truro has known Aaron since he was a pupil at the school and is looking forward to his return. She said: “I’m delighted that Aaron is able to take time out of his busy schedule to share his creative skills with us.


  “We all watch The Masked Singer and The Masked Dancer.


  “Aaron was a singing star at Stagecoach Truro – even at a young age, and we are very excited he is visiting us.”


  Aaron’s workshops will take place at Penair School, Truro on Monday, February 12 and Tuesday 12 between 10am and 3pm and is open to children between the ages of four and 16. The cost will be £80.00 per child for the two days.


  To find out more, or to book visit www.stagecoach.co.uk/truro.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.