Hundreds of Taylor Swift fans have lost an estimated £1million to ticket fraudsters, a bank warns.
More than 600 Lloyds Bank customers have come forward so far to report being scammed in the run-up to the pop star’s Eras Tour, which hits the UK in June. The average amount lost by each victim was £332, though in some cases the loss was as much as over £1,000.
Lloyds estimates that across the UK there are likely to have been at least 3,000 victims since tickets went on sale last July, with over £1m lost to fraudsters so far.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce kiss in Coachella crowd packing on PDA as fans swoon
The bank found more than 90% of reported cases started with fake adverts or posts on Facebook. Dozens of unofficial groups, many with tens of thousands of members, have been set up specifically for people looking to buy and sell tickets for Taylor’s concerts.
Scammers ask for payment up-front but disappear when the money is sent. There are often two waves of fraud – the first when tickets go on sale and the second around the time an event takes place.
Liz Ziegler, fraud prevention director at Lloyds Bank, said: "For her legion of dedicated Swifties, the excitement is building ahead of Taylor’s Eras Tour finally touching down in the UK this summer. However, cruel fraudsters have wasted no time in targeting her most loyal fans as they rush to pick up tickets for her must-see concerts.
"It’s easy to let our emotions get the better of us when we find out our favourite artist is going to be performing live. But it’s important not to let those feelings cloud our judgement when trying to get hold of tickets." The Eras Tour has helped turn Shake it Off singer Taylor, 34, into a global phenomenon. It is the highest-grossing tour of all time.
This month, she officially made it on to Forbes’ billionaires list and is the first musician to reach the milestone solely from songwriting and performing.
The UK leg will kick off in Edinburgh on June 7 then wrap up at London’s Wembley Stadium on August 20. It is estimated it will bring a £450m boost to the UK economy. Wealth management firm JM Finn said the concerts, at Edinburgh’s Murrayfield, Cardiff’s Principality Stadium, Anfield in Liverpool and Wembley Stadium in London, will have more than 1.1m attendees. Tickets cost an average of £110 each, and those attending the concerts are expected to spend around £400 each in total.
Meta, the company which owns Facebook, said: "We are continually investing in protections against fraud on our platforms, and work with law enforcement to tackle this issue. We advise users of Facebook Marketplace to never pay for something until they see it in person and to report any scams immediately." Taylor’s 11th studio album, The Tortured Poets Department, is out on Friday.
Tickets are are available from Viagogo. Click here to check it out. The global superstar will be taking the stage at Paris La Defense Arena in Nanterre from May 9-12, which means you'd get to see the show before fans attending the UK gigs. There are still tickets up for grabs with an unobstructed view of the stage. If you actually feel like you'd rather stay in the UK, have a look at available tickets here on either Viagogo or Vivid Seats. Fans are also warned to be vigilant after several were conned out of thousands of pounds by 'fraudulent' ticket sellers. Swifties are urged to carefully review the ticket details to ensure they are authentic.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.