Here we are still processing all the major fashion and festival moments at Coachella. Like No Doubt's historic reunion and Gwen Stefani's trailblazing style, Lana Del Rey's Swarovski crystal-encrusted dress, Shakira's surprise appearance (and tour announcement) in a fiery distressed teeny minidress and Kesha changing the lyrics of "Tik Tok" to "Wake up in the morning like F$ck P. Diddy" (the rapper is currently embroiled in multiple lawsuits alleging sexual assault).
And in swoops, Taylor Swift, diverting attention away from the fash fest with what appears to be a savvy marketing stunt (like she needs any more marketing hype). Just a few days shy of the release of her new album The Tortured Poets Department, Swift strategically put up a mural with a QR code in Chicago that featured the letters "ttpd" and the number "13." As fans scanned the code, they were taken to a 13-second YouTube short attached to the singer's channel that animates like a typewriter with the messages "Error 321" and "13" before fading into darkness. 
Taylor Swift’s team is currently painting a mural with a secret message in Chicago right now! #chicago #taylorswift #thetorturedpoetsdepartment
We're sorry but we doubt the billionaire has internet issues or an incompetent IT team. Instead, this is classic Swift, reigning queen of the Lit Girls and the world, showing her mega power. Swifties (and the rest of the world as there is really no escape) will recall when Swift announced her new album at the Grammys back in February, the star's official website also went dark and read a similar error message for fans to decode, including "DPT: 321." So again, we're sure something is seriously brewing in Swift-land.
A post shared by instagram
Meanwhile back to Coachella, Swift and boyfriend Travis Kelce did make an appearance before the QR code fiasco. Kelce rocked a rather unconventional street-meets-pajama-style festival outfit while Swift caused a fashion frenzy in a black oversize leather jacket and pleated skort (a hybrid short/skirt) from viral TikTok brand Halara that's on sale for $35.
© Copyright Fashion Times 2024. All rights reserved.
Your Privacy Rights
The material on this site may not bereproduced, distributed, transmitted, cachedor otherwise used,
except
with the priorwritten permission of Fashion Times.
© 2025 Fashion Times LLC. All Rights Reserved