Manage your account
A woman claims her Europe visa reapplication approved after she sent proof of Taylor Swift tickets.
She was initially denied entry to Italy but then showed a ticket to Swift's Singapore show.
The star's record-breaking Eras tour is coming to Asia-Pacific and Europe this year.
A Filipino woman was initially rejected for a Schengen visa, but she was successful in her reapplication because she showed them proof she was set to attend a Taylor Swift concert in Asia, according to the travel blog View from the Wing.
In a now-deleted Reddit post, the Swiftie wrote: "I just wanna share that I got denied in my first attempt. The comment was they don't think I'll leave the Schengen territory before the Visa expires. So when I reapplied, I said that, I'll leave BECAUSE I WILL ATTEND TAYLOR SWIFT'S CONCERT IN SG and attached the email confirmation" [sic].
SShe was applying for a visa to visit Italy, it was reported. According to the Schengen rules, the visa is generally valid for all 26 countries in the Schengen area. Travelers must apply at the country's consulate, their primary destination.
She attached an email confirmation of future-dated tickets for Taylor Swift in Singapore in her reapplication.
The visa application was then expeditiously approved, shr claimed.
"I received an email that my VISA was processed in just 3 business days. I filed December 21. December 22, 27, and 28 are the processing days. Yesterday January 4, I was asked to visit the Embassy because I needed to sign a document. I thought it was a denial letter. But it was a letter asking me to report back to the Embassy 10 days after the Visa expires," [sic] the woman reportedly posted on social media, per the travel blog.
Taylor Swift is set to take her record-breaking Eras tour to Singapore in March. She reached billionaire status last year thanks to her monumental tour.
Business Insider was not able to independently verify the claims.
BI reached out to SchengenVisaInfo.com and the Italian embassy in Manila for comment.
The power and influence of Taylor Swift continues to rise. She was hailed as the Person of the Year by Time magazine, as the megastar broke recording records and had a sellout tour in 2023.
With legions of fans worldwide, she has even invited the underhand compliment of a slew of conspiracy theories from the paranoid far-right.
Last week, Fox News host Jesse Watters featured a segment on his show warning that Swift could be a "Pentagon asset."
Tongue-in-cheek, a Pentagon spokesperson denied Watter's claim, referencing one of Swift's big hits in a statement.
"As for this conspiracy theory, we are going to shake it off," it said.
Read the original article on Business Insider