Home    Forums    Music    Album Of The Year Winner Predictions (Part 2)
Imagine thinking Taylor Swift will not win AOTY next month.
Midnights was great sure but it was not revolutionary as 1989, fearless and folklore. That said, she deserves it just for cementing her legacy among the greats like The Beatles, Springsteen and MJ. A 2 billion tour, surpassing This is it by Micael Jackson and all her albums stiil charting in the top 20 and also achieving worlwide success in every metric.
Midnights is probably her less inspired album, got released just for the sake of it. If grammys can almost pay dust to so called “grammy darling” Adele and send her home with just one grammy because 30 was not that special, they can do the same to Taylor with that insipid album.
Midnights was great sure but it was not revolutionary as 1989, fearless and folklore. That said, she deserves it just for cementing her legacy among the greats like The Beatles, Springsteen and MJ. A 2 billion tour, surpassing This is it by Micael Jackson and all her albums stiil charting in the top 20 and also achieving worlwide success in every metric.
This is it by Michael Jackson was a documentary, not a concert film.
Midnights was great sure but it was not revolutionary as 1989, fearless and folklore. That said, she deserves it just for cementing her legacy among the greats like The Beatles, Springsteen and MJ. A 2 billion tour, surpassing This is it by Micael Jackson and all her albums stiil charting in the top 20 and also achieving worlwide success in every metric.
I mean, MJ and The Beatles only have one AOTY a piece, and Bruce Springsteen has none. I don’t think she deserves to win a 4th AOTY win because of that.
I’d be shocked if Taylor wins less than three Grammys.
I’d be shocked if Taylor wins less than three Grammys.
Which three are you predicting her for? Are you doing a pop sweep? I know you have SZA AOTY.
I don't even have my lorazepam, I'm going to have to DRINK myself to sleep
2025 campaigns
Grammys: TBD
Emmys: Tramell Tillman Supporting Actor Drama Series, Parker Posey Supporting Actress Drama Series
I am not saying Taylor will actually win AOTY but 30 isn’t a good comp at all . 30 was a significant underperformance compared to 25 despite it still being a blockbuster era.  The overproduction of her vinyl was widely reported on.
In the modern era, the Grammys award pop albums  in aoty when their artists  have a “biggest artist in the world” narrative. Adele didn’t have that narrative for 30 like she did for 21 and 25.  For the same reason,  Miley and Olivia likely won’t take many pop voters from Taylor.
SZA , boygenius, Jon Bapiste can still win by getting more voters from other genres but Taylor is a real threat.
Get real!  Taylor Swift does NOT deserve Album of the Year “just for cementing her legacy among the greats.”  Pure fucking delusion.  Midnights is beyond basic.  Kendrick Lamar lost Album of the Year five times, yet Swift won it three times.  Fuck out of here!
Which three are you predicting her for? Are you doing a pop sweep? I know you have SZA AOTY.
I’m going with Pop Album, Pop Group and AOTY (I keep flipping between her and SZA). Taylor’s only true lock is Pop Album, but this album is significantly bigger than Folklore, so why wouldn’t it win more awards? Ironically, I thought she was winning Pop Album, Pop Group and AOTY for Folklore. lol
Sza or BoyGenius
GOD i hope LANA wins AOTY, shes been deserving for YEARS if not decades by now, and her album is literally a masterpiece (as was NFR). Ive been saying it here since october and you guys laugh at me “LANA WILL WIN AOTY LANA WILL WIN AOTY” and you call me delusional, well, im gonna repeat it: LANA is gonna WIN AOTY.
IF she doesnt,then i hope SZA, Olivia or Boygenius do it but PLEASE NOT TAYLOR. IT WILL BE SO UNDESERVING.
PS: OCEAN BLVD IS A MASTERPIECE
W
You must be logged in to reply to this topic.
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…

				1 hour ago			

				56 mins ago			

				1 hour ago			

				2 hours ago			

				2 hours ago			

				2 hours ago			

				4 hours ago			

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media