She gets more foul-mouthed with age.
Taylor Swift is increasing the number of curse words in her lyrics with every new album. 
The pop superstar’s 11th album “The Tortured Poets Department” contains seven explicit songs — “The Tortured Poets Department,” “Down Bad,” “But, Daddy, I Love Him,” “Florida!!!,” “loml,” “I Can Do It With a Broken Heart” and “The Smallest Man Who Ever Lived” — which all come with warning labels.
Words like “f–k,” “bitch” and “s–t” can be heard in the new double album released on Friday, which in less than 24 hours, broke the record for most streamed album in a single day in Spotify history.
Swifties are noticing the increase in dirty words in the songstress’ work since she debuted at the innocent age of 16 to the 34-year-old she is today, with a string of ex-lovers in her past and current boyfriend, Kansas City Chiefs Super Bowl champ Travis Kelce.
One fan even made a graph to illustrate just how many curses are uttered in each of her 10 previous albums and when she added words like “f–k” and “d–khead” to her repertoire. 
While her debut album in 2006, “Taylor Swift” only has one bad word — “damn” — the two that followed, “Fearless” and “Speak Now,” have none, according to an unscientific chart created by Reddit user katlaube. 
Swift’s fourth album, “Red,” only has one offensive word, “hell.”
However, her fifth and sixth albums both have two naughty words each — “1989,” which contains “hell” and “damn” while “Reputation” features “damn” and “s–t.”
“Lover,” Swift’s seventh, adds the word “bitch” to Swift’s vernacular and also repeats “damn” and “hell.”
Her eighth — 2020’s “Folklore” — introduces the word “f–k” to Swift’s increasingly raunchy vocabulary, and repeats her four other swear words.
“Evermore,” her ninth, also released in 2020, adds in the word “goddamn” and uses three other curses she’d used before.
Swift’s album “Midnights,” has all five of the swear words she used in previous albums — and debuts the expletive “d–khead.”
That put Swifties in a frenzy, and the day the album was released in 2022, one wrote on X, “Taylor Swift saying D–khead is one of the best things I’ve ever heard.”
Fans haven’t wasted time commenting on the dirty lyrics in “Tortured Poets.”
“F–k me up, florida” being an actual taylor swift lyric is sending me she is so deeply unserious,” said X user @hafsaquraishi_.
“Lights camera b—h smile! Kinda my. Ew favorite Taylor swift lyric,” added @Iburstintoflame.
Advertisement