Nick Grimshaw has joked he feels like a “tortured poet” after Taylor Swift fans and media outlets “confused” him for The 1975 frontman Matty Healy.
In a video post to Instagram, the former radio DJ revealed the mistake has caused him to receive a barrage of messages about the US pop superstar, who released her new album The Tortured Poets Department on Friday.
The record is thought to offer an insight into her recent break-ups including with British singer Healy, who she was rumoured to be dating briefly last year after her split from actor Joe Alwyn.
In the video, Grimshaw showed a series of online posts and articles which used a cropped image of Swift hugging him for the display photo when writing about Healy.
The confusion appears to have come from the original picture featuring all three of them, with Healy on the other side of Grimshaw.
Grimshaw says in the humorous clip: “I’ve never had as many messages from friends, from family members, from random people in the United States of America that I don’t know, all about Taylor Swift.
“Today, never mind tortured poet, I’ve been bloody tortured today.
“I don’t know what’s happened but everyone seems to confuse me with Matty Healy so now I’m in this conversation.”
As he points out one headline about Swift and Healy’s reported romance, he exclaims: “That’s not even Matty Healy, its bloody me.”
He captioned the post: “Feeling like a tortured poet today.”
Singer Rita Ora was among those who found the situation funny as she wrote “Oh my god I’m dead” with a crying laughing emoji.
Musician Miles Kane and Derry Girls star Saoirse-Monica Jackson were also among those who said the post had made them laugh.
After the release of Swift’s 11th studio album, her fans have pored over the lyrics in an attempt to decode the new music.
The first song, Fortnight, featuring US star Post Malone, has been interpreted to be about her brief relationship with Healy.
In the song she sings “And I love you, it’s ruining my life, I touched you for only a fortnight” and “Your wife waters flowers. I wanna kill her”.
While Swift never namechecks Healy, a number of other songs appear to reference him, including Guilty As Sin, on which she sings about having “fatal fantasies” about someone from her past while in a relationship.
Last May, The 1975 frontman made a surprise appearance at the Nashville performance of Swift’s Eras tour to play with her support act, indie singer-songwriter Phoebe Bridgers. Swift also sung two 1975 numbers at their London gig in February 2023.

                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.