And we found similar ones on Amazon. 
Every item on this page was chosen by an ELLE editor. We may earn commission on some of the items you choose to buy.
The last few days have been filled with so much Taylor content—and we’re definitely not complaining. With The Tortured Poets Department release, a surprise extended version titled The Anthology, and a music video for the single ‘Fortnight’, we literally haven’t been able to catch our Swiftie breath. And along with the record-breaking album, Swift released some BTS footage of her life in her ‘Fortnight’ challenge YouTube video—a summary of two weeks in her life in the form of videos. 
In one of the adorable clips, Taylor was spotted playing pickleball—she’s just like us! She used a Kansas City Chiefs paddle and perhaps the cutest skort we’ve ever seen on the court. The exact skirt that Taylor wore is the Lavender Pirouette Skort from Popflex. But unfortunately, the skirt sold out in mere hours. 
You can pre-order the skort for a July delivery, but if you’re a little impatient, we found some similar styles just in time for pickleball season. 
How their whirlwind romance took off, from podcast shoutout to Super Bowl kiss. 
Read Swift’s candid essay for ELLE about the life lessons she learned before hitting that milestone year.
Swift spent six years dating Alwyn. Revisit the history that Tortured Poets is expected to explore.
A Shopping Editor’s Review of COS
The Ultimate Guide to Chic One-Piece Swimsuits
Luxe Earth Sign Gifts for Taurus Season
Where Fashion Insiders Find Designer Deals
The Launch: Fashion News to Know This April
Sofia Grainge Releases Summer Mommy-and-Me Styles
Elevate Mom’s Everyday Moments With These Gifts
Wild Flowers: ELLE’s May Shopping Guide
Puma’s Speedcat Ballet Sneaker Is Trending
Make Mother’s Day Shine With Stunning Jewelry
Wedge Heels Are Spring’s Hottest Shoe Trend
Yes, Long Sleeve Swimsuits Can Be Chic
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.