Fans of singer Taylor Swift are convinced they've spotted her NFL boyfriend Travis Kelce saying three important words to his VMA-winning girlfriend amid their midnight smooth on New Year's Eve.
Lovebirds Travis and Taylor shared a romantic moment on New Year's Eve as they had a kiss on the dance floor as the clock struck midnight. In a video circulating on social media platform X, which was previously known as Twitter, the Kansas City Chiefs tight end can be seen embracing his girlfriend while dancing slowly in a room filled with partygoers. Yet fans think they can see his lips moving as he tells his Love Story girlfriend 'I love you'.
The couple have been dating since September, but this would be the first open declaration of love from either Taylor or Travis.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US .
READ MORE: Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce are 'so in love' as marriage rumours heat up
While it's still not confirmed if the athlete did say the three little words, TMZ reached out to professional lip readers who were unable to 100% confirm his words due to the blurry video.
Yet this hasn't stopped fans speculating online, and the rumours of whether Travis did say 'I love you' or not come after predictions have been made over whether the NFL star and the Shake It Off songstress could wed this year. Psychic Sally Morgan told Closer magazine: "I think she'll marry Travis this year. They're so in love, they have a healthy relationship and there's endless trust both ways. As soon as they get married, we'll hear about a pregnancy, possibly before the year is out."
Travis has also reportedly put marriage plans in action as he was thought to have sought permission from Taylor's dad Scott last year, when Page Six reported a source as saying to the outlet: "Scott has been asked for his blessing and has wholeheartedly given it, and Travis has been talking to friends about a ring."
The couple began dating in September, and since then, the pair have been seen together often, with Taylor attending several Kansas City Chiefs games in the NFL and Travis flying to Argentina to see Swift in concert as part of 'The Eras Tour'.
In a previous interview with TIME magazine, Taylor opened up about her relationship with Travis as she shared: "When you say a relationship is public, that means I’m going to see him do what he loves, we’re showing up for each other, other people are there and we don’t care. The opposite of that is you have to go to an extreme amount of effort to make sure no one knows that you’re seeing someone. And we’re just proud of each other."
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.