🎵 Babe, don't threaten me with a good time 🎵
The Eras Tour might just be the greatest show to ever exist. From the iconic dances to the bejewelled costumes (the sparkly boots aren't a want but a need), you'd be forgiven for thinking it doesn't get any better than this. But, my dear fellow Swifties, you would be wrong. 
Just when you thought you'd enjoyed the iconic setlist in every way possible, screaming along in the car, the supermarket, and the cinema (waiting patiently for the UK tour dates later this year), TikTokers have found another way for you to sing your heart out (and improve your fitness at the same time). Enter: the Couch to Eras Tour running challenge.
Inspired by Taylor Swift, fans are challenging themselves to run (or run/walk) the duration of her entire blockbuster show. That's about 3 hours and 15 minutes, BTW, or 44 songs.
The craze is taking over social media, helping lots of people to get into running for the first time. Honestly, we love to see it. Granted, running isn't always the most enchanting experience (something I know 'All Too Well' as a beginner runner). Sometimes I spend my entire run thinking, 'Is it Over Now?' But as long as I've recovered well (so I'm '...Ready for It?') I'm always glad when I get back to it (and find my body is capable of more than my 'Wildest Dreams').
As with all exercise, the key is not pushing your body too far too quickly. With that in mind, Cosmopolitan UK spoke to an expert to find out EYNTK if you're keen to take on the challenge, including what sort of distance you're likely to cover, how to build up your mileage safety, and tips for getting started. 
You might be familiar with the NHS's (brilliant) Couch to 5k app. For beginners, 5k can feel like an incredibly daunting distance, but the app provides guided running plans (for free) to help get you up and running, no matter your previous fitness level.
Couch to Eras Tour, as it has been dubbed online, similarly sees beginners get off the sofa and get running, with the eventual goal of moving for the duration of the Eras Tour.
'Where did the genius idea come from?' I hear you ask. The mastermind, Taylor Swift.
ICYMI, Swift was named TIME Person of the Year 2023. In her interview, the star revealed how she prepped for her physically demanding tour. "Every day I would run on the treadmill, singing the entire set list out loud," she said. "Fast for fast songs, and a jog or a fast walk for slow songs." In response, Swifties saw an opportunity, and they decided to run with it. 
In wholesome news, fans have even formed online running groups, where they're swapping tips, tricks and playlist recommendations, with US-based coach @brookelynnruns (who popularised calling the challenge Couch to Eras Tour), creating a Strava group and a free training plan to motivate fans (who, by the looks of it, love the new challenge). 
To date, #taylorswiftrunningchallenge has racked up 3 million views on TikTok, with #couchtoerastour bringing in 585k views. 
"It's a good idea to build up your running distance over time," says Simon James. The founder of Runthewild.co.uk (who host running adventures in the UK and Alps), a UKA Coach in Running Fitness, and 2.5 hour marathoner, he knows a thing or two about the sport. 
"Muscles, tendons, ligaments, and your cardiovascular system all need time to adapt to the workload you are going to be putting them under," he explains. By sprinting out of the gates, you could be increasing your risk of sprains, stress fractures, shin splints and the like. Ouch!
The good news is you can build your way up to an Eras Tour run (if you fancy it). Three hours is a reasonable time goal (more on that below), you'll just need to be patient. "Just as you wouldn’t be able to lift a heavy weight in the gym without training up to that weight, as well as learning good technique, running long distances is similar."
As you might expect, the time it will take you to go from Couch to Eras Tour will depend on your current training programme and its cardiovascular demands.
"If you play a lot of football, tennis, do HIIT classes, cycle etc then you might find you are already well on your way. Training doesn't need to always be event specific but running will need to be a big part of the training plan," says  James. "When I am coaching an athlete, I want to know about their whole lifestyle from how much free time they have, to whether they walk the dog or play tennis on Wednesdays."
He adds: "Achieving a goal such as running for 3 hours is going to be very athlete specific. Each training cycle is around 8 weeks, that’s how long we (athlete and coach) will train for a specific goal and then review. So a series of intermediate goals will be the best way forward to getting to 3 hours.
"Having said that a good benchmark is the couch to 5km plan which can usually be achieved in around 10 weeks. Building from there for a complete beginner, new to running and exercise would be a good start."
Once you've reached this milestone, you can start to set future training plans. "For the average runner, running for 3 hours usually equates to a few miles more than a half marathon distance. On that basis, without any problems along the way a 6–12-month plan should work for most people."
Okay, so you want to complete Couch to Eras Tour? It's time to lace up those trainers.
"All sports activities will help towards this goal, but I recommend running at least 3 times a week, ideally 4 times when working towards something like a half marathon," says James. "In addition to this would include strength and conditioning, around 2 times a week, but these don’t need to be for more than 15 minutes."
Be sure to switch up your runs, too. "Training is a variety of stimulating various adaptations in your body," explains the pro. "Long slow runs for endurance. Hill and sprint training for speed and strength. Tempo and intervals for speed endurance. So the plan needs to be varied and specific."
But, once more, it's important not to go from 0-100 in one go. There are three variables you're likely to increase during your training: intensity, distance, and volume. "The general rule is not to increase all three by more 10% week on week or any one component on its own by 15%," says James. Don't forget the importance of rest days, either. 
"Recovery days are important, rest is when the good stuff happens. Again, this is personal, but I recommend one day a week of no activity, but rest can include just going for a gentle walk. It allows time for your muscles to heal and get stronger."
How are you feeling now? Excited? Prepared? Or maybe, a little nervous. Now's the time to 'Shake It Off'. Fast walking, jogging or running for three hours is quite the feat, making it a mental challenge as well as a physical one.
But don't forget: "Running can be a lot of fun, it's a great way to explore and meet others and be part of an amazing community."
James suggests running with others to help you on your journey (there's no need to be intimated by other runners, everyone was a beginner once). His final words of advice: "Starting slowly will help avoid injury and mean that you maintain your running motivation. Good luck – see you out there!" 
 Amber O’Connor is Cosmopolitan UK’s junior features writer, who covers everything from breaking news, women’s safety and real life features to fitness, travel, and cultural trends. She works on first-person features, reports, and long reads, plus the hottest stories of the day (if you want to know about the latest wellness craze or TikTok trends, she’s your girl). 
Amber has previously worked as a reporter and a lifestyle writer, with her work appearing in numerous publications, including The Mirror, Red Magazine, Evening Standard, Indy100, and Yahoo News. When she’s not working her way through her TBR list, Amber loves dancing, running, and going on adventures with her dog.
13 women with desk jobs on how they do 10k steps
Jen is so toned in new vid - her PT shares how
The internet's 11 fave booty-lift leggings 
8 best under-desk treadmill deals to shop RN
41 Valentine's Day gift ideas for fitness fans
How long should it take to walk 10,000 steps?
17 of the best gyms and fitness studios in London
Here's why everyone is giving aerial yoga a go
Kim shows off impressive abs in bikini beach video
New year, new running playlist? Step this way!
'How walking 10,000 steps a day changed my life'
7 health goals that don't involve weight loss
Cosmopolitan, Part of the Hearst UK Fashion & Beauty Network
Cosmopolitan participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England 112955. All Rights Reserved.