Legendary former National Football League (NFL) player and head coach Tony Dungy recently talked about Gen Z sports fans and Taylor Swift attending Kansas City Chiefs games, among others, at the Hall of Fame banquet before the 78th Hula Bowl kicked off in Orlando.
In his interview with Fox News, Dungy said, "I think we'll always have sports in some form of fashion. Some people are disenchanted with it."
When asked what he thinks about the Taylor Swift effect on the NFL right now, he said, "That's the thing that's disenchanting people with sports now, there's so much on the outside coming in -- entertainment value and different things."
"It's taking away from what really happens on the field," he continued.
However, not everyone shared his sentiment. Former pro football player Vince Ferragamo said Swift's attendance has created "a lot of excitement" for the game.
"My granddaughters are big Swifties so it's really good. And with Travis Kelce, it's created a lot of excitement and more viewership into football."
"She's so popular, and now everybody just wants to see her in the stand to see her reaction to the game," he added.
Ever since the "1989" artist and her boyfriend Travis Kelce were spotted leaving Kelce's locker room together after the game between the Kansas City Chiefs and the Chicago Bears in September 2023, the singer has been regularly spotted at Chiefs games.
She's cheered for Kelce during his team's matches against different teams, including the New York Jets, Denver Broncos, Los Angeles Chargers and Green Bay Packers, among many others.
Most recently, Taylor watched the Chiefs NFL playoff game against the Miami Dolphins at Arrowhead Stadium this weekend.
She was even spotted wearing a Travis Kelce jacket while cheering for her beau.
In her cover story interview with Time as the Person of the Year for 2023, Swift talked about the attention she's been getting when she watches Kelce's games.
"I don't know how they know what suite I'm in. There's a camera, like, a half-mile away, and you don't know where it is and you have no idea when the camera is putting you in the broadcast, so I don't know if I'm being shown 17 times or once," she explained. "I'm just there to support Travis."
"I have no awareness if I'm being shown too much and pissing off a few dads, Brads and Chads," the singer continued.