By RUSS WEAKLAND and NOLA OJOMU FOR DAILYMAIL.COM  
 Published:  17:27, 17 January 2024   |  Updated:  18:26, 17 January 2024   
 322
View  comments
Travis Kelce might not have plans to propose to girlfriend Taylor Swift any time soon - but, according to insiders, the NFL star has started thinking about designs for her 'special' engagement ring.
 The Kansas City Chiefs tight-end has reportedly been talking to friends and family about how he can make sure that the diamond sparkler he decides to present to the Love Story singer, 34, will be 'unique.'
A source close to the superstar athlete revealed exclusively to DailyMail.com that the 34-year-old is toying with the idea of using some of the diamonds from his Super Bowl rings to craft the band, which could also feature a meaningful lyric.
'He isn't going to propose to her anytime soon, so no one should get those hopes up, but he has talked to family and friends about what he could do that would be special for an engagement ring,' the insider said.
Travis Kelce (left)  has reportedly started planning how to make a 'special' engagement ring for girlfriend Taylor Swift - pictured with Patrick Mahomes wearing his Super Bowl rings
The NFL star, 34, has already started talking to friends and family about ways to make sure that the diamond sparkler he decides to present to hitmaker will be 'unique'
'Travis’ career is a major focus for the next several weeks. He has to get the job done. He wants another Super Bowl ring, but it is safe to say that there is room to think about Taylor.
'And when it comes to Taylor, he loves her and sees a future with her and has thought about what a ring for her would be like as well.'
The insider continued: 'He has thought of having a lyric or a quote engraved on the band that is special to both of them, and he has also floated using some of the diamonds from his Super Bowl rings on her band. 
'He wants to make sure it isn't something cheesy, but more unique and something that is a part of him that he shares with her to show that forever means forever.'
It is not clear if the lyric is from one of Taylor's songs or a track that is personal to the couple. 
There were suggestions that they could be engaged by the summer, less than a year after going public with their relationship. 
But the source stressed that fans shouldn't expect a proposal any time soon, adding: 'He isn't popping the question right now, but he has entertained what that moment would look and feel like.'
For now, the couple are focused on making sure they will get to spend their first Valentine's Day together as a couple, but their busy schedules are making planning for the special day incredibly difficult.
Indeed, February will be a particularly busy period for both stars as Taylor will be back on her Eras International tour - while Travis and his team are currently trying to secure another Super Bowl win.
A source close to the superstar athlete revealed exclusively to DailyMail.com that he likes the idea of using some of the diamonds from his Super Bowl rings to craft the band
However, the Kansas City Chiefs tight-end has not plans to propose in the immediate future
Though the annual event takes place on February 11, a victory for the Chiefs could make it hard for Travis to fly over to meet Taylor - who performs in Tokyo on February 10 before taking to the stage in Australia on February 16.
'They both plan to be with each other on Valentine's Day, they just don't know if it will be overseas or in America,' a separate source previously revealed to DailyMail.com. 
'Some pieces have to fall into place and if one of those pieces is Kansas City making the Super Bowl, though it would be extremely tiring, she plans to come back for the Super Bowl for him if he is in the game.'
The insider continued: 'They have tentative plans on what they will actually be doing, but it all will figure itself out once Kansas City is either in the Super Bowl or not. But they highly anticipate they will be together on Valentine's Day.'
Indeed, the NFL playoffs started on January 13 and will continue until February 11 - with the two Super Bowl teams officially locked in by January 28.
Meanwhile, Travis previously revealed he is feeling the pressure to find the right gift for his superstar girlfriend.
He made the revelation while carrying out an advertisement for E-commerce company Etsy on his New Heights podcast.
'Whether you're feeling the Valentine's Day pressure like [brother] Jason and I,' he admitted, 'or trying to figure out the right gift for a significant other, Etsy is the go-to destination for adding that special touch.' 
The athlete is also thinking about getting a meaningful lyric engraved on the band when he does finally decide to get down on one knee
For now, the couple are focused on making sure they'll get to spend their first Valentine's Day together as a couple
Elsewhere, the pair are fast approaching their one-year anniversary in July, having officially met a few months before Taylor attended her first Chiefs game in September.
The singer and songwriter explained to Time magazine that they began hanging out after Travis admitted trying and failing to give her his phone number on his podcast in July.
'We started hanging out right after that,' she said. 'So we actually had a significant amount of time that no one knew, which I’m grateful for, because we got to get to know each other.
'I think some people think that they saw our first date at that game. We would never be psychotic enough to hard launch a first date.'
The couple recently spent the holidays together and were seen sharing a kiss at a glitzy New Year's Eve party.
Meanwhile, fans are hoping to see if the romance might inspire some new music as Taylor has been seen making multiple trips to Electric Lady Studios in New York this week.
At this time, it is unknown if she is working on new music or making progress on her  journey of re-recording all the songs from her first six albums. 
She only has two albums left to re-record: Her debut, eponymous album, and sixth release, Reputation. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group