Philadelphia-based jewelry designer Steven Singer is so thrilled at the prospect of Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce’s engagement that he’s offering the NFL star a $1 million custom-made ring for the proposal.
“I recognize that the most renowned couple globally has an abundance of options when it comes to choosing engagement rings, should they decide to tie the knot,” the owner of Steven Singer Jewelers tells Page Six exclusively. 
“If they do, I would be honored to help design a truly extraordinary ring exclusively for them.”
Singer adds that he has a “deeply personal” reason for wanting to design such a sentimental piece for the couple free of charge.
“My daughter is an avid fan of Taylor Swift, and we admire not only her but also the values she champions,” he tells us.
“Perhaps, by presenting them with the ring of their dreams, it might make securing concert tickets for her next tour a tad easier,” he jokes.
In terms of design, the jewelry expert already has an idea of what the “Cruel Summer” songstress might want.
He suggests an Art Deco-style, 7.5-carat emerald-cut Earth Born diamond ring handmade in platinum. 
“With colorless, eye-flawless, real diamonds!” he adds.
For more Page Six you love…
And since Kelce and Swift have a combined estimated net worth of nearly $800 million, Singer says that he would donate the cost to a charity of their choice should they decide to pay for the ring themselves.
Singer’s grand gesture comes after Page Six exclusively reported last week that the “Blank Space” hitmaker and the Kansas City Chiefs tight end already have plans to take the next step in their relationship.
“Taylor and Travis discussed it and there is a plan,” an insider told us. “They will get engaged on their one-year anniversary in July.”
Per our source, the high-profile couple — who started dating in July 2023 — want to hold off on the engagement for now because “they don’t want it to seem like it’s rushed insanity.”
A separate insider previously told us that the football star has already asked the Grammy winner’s father, Scott Swift, for his permission for her hand in marriage.
“Scott has been asked for his blessing and has wholeheartedly given it, and Travis has been talking to friends about a ring,” a source close to Kelce claimed last month.
All eyes have been on the “All Too Well” singer, 34, and the two-time Super Bowl champion, also 34, since they went public with their romance in September 2023.
Since then, the two have spent plenty of time together at both Kelce’s home in Kansas City, Mo., and Taylor’s apartment in New York City. They also fit in some time with the pop star’s father in South America. 
The “Look What You Made Me Do” singer has also been a staple at Kelce’s football games, which she shared is just a part of showing support for her partner.
“When you say a relationship is public, that means I’m going to see him do what he loves, we’re showing up for each other, other people are there and we don’t care,” she said in her December 2023 interview with Time magazine.
“The opposite of that is you have to go to an extreme amount of effort to make sure no one knows that you’re seeing someone. And we’re just proud of each other.”
Advertisement