Nate McMurray, who is running for Congress in the Democratic primary for the 26th District, acknowledges that he has some fences to mend.
Now we got problems And I don’t think we can solve ‘em
You made a really deep cut
And baby, now we got bad blood (hey!)
– Taylor Swift
On the surface at last week’s Democratic endorsement meeting for the 26th Congressional District, the relationship between Nathan McMurray and the Erie County Democratic Committee was civil. 
McMurray appeared before the committee in a long-shot effort to seek the party’s endorsement to succeed outgoing Rep. Brian Higgins. He acknowledged that his mocking last year of Democratic Chairman Jeremy Zellner and other committee members had resulted in a lot of animus on both sides, and he said he wanted to repair those wounds.
“I apologize to everybody that I’ve hurt if I’ve hurt you,” McMurray told committee members. 
Zellner also did his best to appear dispassionate in the days preceding the endorsement, refusing to take the bait when I gave him a few opportunities to talk about what he thinks of McMurray running yet again against the party’s favored candidate. 
As expected, State Sen. Tim Kennedy gained the endorsement. And that’s when the façade of friendliness between McMurray and the party chairman began to slowly slip away.
McMurray seemed to be aware that ECDC’s decision to allow media in the room for the endorsement speeches – which is normally not their practice – was perhaps a strategic move by the county party. Both sides were more likely to be on best behavior with cameras and smart phones recording. 
“I’m smarter than them,” McMurray snapped on his way out of the Buffalo Convention Center. “They wanted me to make a fool of myself in there, and I wasn’t going to do that.”
A few rooms over, Zellner took the first opportunity to bash McMurray, saying committee members chose someone “who’s not a keyboard warrior, someone who’s not going to embarrass this community by, you know, wild things that they say on social media.”
But it’s on social media where McMurray so deftly portrays himself as a regular-guy underdog who is taking on the establishment. It’s there where McMurray this weekend bashed Kennedy as a “fundraising rizz master” who is bought and sold by special interests.
The medium will have to be a huge part of McMurray’s strategy if he stands any chance at upsetting Kennedy, since the five-term state senator is one of Albany’s most prolific fundraisers.
For that reason, McMurray’s videos will likely keep appearing on social media. Just don’t expect Zellner to like them, because there’s still – in the words of Taylor Swift – plenty of bad blood. 
News & Notes
McMurray now says he will challenge Kennedy in the special election, which is expected to be held in April. That means he would need to gain more than 7,000 signatures to qualify as an independent candidate.
For those who were wondering, Kennedy has $2.1 million in his state political committee war chest, though he’s not allowed to use that money for a federal election. McMurray had $13,800 left in his federal account at the end of 2022, when it was last active. 
Lindsay Lorigo, appearing recently on WBEN’s “Hardline,” seems to be raring to go as she begins her term in the Erie County Legislature. Lorigo criticized County Executive Mark Poloncarz on a number of issues and she is likely to be a formidable opponent for Poloncarz and for her Democratic colleagues in the Legislature. 
Speaking of “Hardline,” visit the WBEN website to check out host Joe Beamer interviewing me, where we touch on topics including the congressional race, South Buffalo as a political epicenter and Mark Poloncarz’s temper. 
ike to welcome Investigative Post’s Geoff Kelly to the political newsletter game. In his inaugural edition, Geoff dropped this interesting tidbit: He writes that Mayor Brown is rumored to be looking at a new job as president and CEO of the embattled Western Regional Off-Track Betting Corp.
Stay tuned to this space for more political news and please share this newsletter with your friends! We send out a newsletter once a week.
How to sign up for this newsletter – Click the following link: buffalonews.com/newsletters/.
Have thoughts on the [BN] Politics Now newsletter? Email cspecht@buffnews.com. 
Stay up-to-date on the latest in local and national government and political topics with our newsletter.
News Political Reporter
The Erie County Democratic Committee on Thursday endorsed State Sen. Timothy M. Kennedy to succeed Rep. Brian Higgins, who said he will resign…
Nate McMurray, the outspoken former Grand Island supervisor who twice waged congressional campaigns in a different district, says he is gettin…
"After careful consideration and discussing with my family this unique opportunity to go to Congress, I have made the decision to continue to …
McMurray unsuccessfully ran for Congress in 2018 and 2020, but in the deep-red 27th Congressional District. 
The lawsuit was filed in State Supreme Court in Erie County by attorney Nate McMurray on behalf of Matthew Dearing and Nicole Golias who accus…
State Sen. Timothy M. Kennedy is running for Congress now, but if you look at his federal and state campaign finance filings, it looks like he…
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.