From Joe Jonas, to Harry Styles, to Travis Kelce
These days, Taylor Swift is unstoppable. From her earth-shattering Eras Tour to the record-breaking concert film that followed, the pop superstar somehow manages to reach new heights with each passing year.
In a surprise turn of events, Swift most recently took over the world of sports, when she started dating her new beau, NFL tight end Travis Kelce. With Swift making a string of appearances at Kelce’s games, sportscasters and football fans alike peeled their eyes away from the field to see what A-list friends the Grammy winner had brought along or what celebratory dance she was doing up in the VIP box. All of which proves one thing: While the media has always been obsessed with Swift’s paramours, it’s never about the men. Rather, it comes down to her own undeniable magnetism (and wondering how her romances may become the subject of future musical masterpieces).
From her relationship with Joe Jonas in the early ’00s to Swift’s current “love story” with the Kansas City Chiefs player, we’ve broken down the “Cruel Summer” singer’s entire dating history below. Read on and reminisce, Swifties.
As with anything related to Taylor Swift these days, it all started with a friendship bracelet.
When Travis Kelce attended the singer’s Eras Tour in the summer of 2023, he brought along a friendship bracelet with his phone number, which he intended to give to Swift after the show. And when he wasn’t able to meet up with the pop star, Kelce relayed the story on his podcast, New Heights, in July to publicly shoot his shot.
The stunt caught Swift’s attention (she admitted that in a Time interview), and a mere two months later, it was reported that the two had started hanging out. By the end of September, the “Love Story” singer had been photographed at a Kansas City game wearing the team’s colors and sitting alongside Kelce’s mom, Donna, in the VIP box.
Since then, Swift has attended multiple other games (with stars like Blake Lively by her side), and she and Kelce were seen holding hands after a surprise joint appearance on Saturday Night Live. Kelce even jetted out to Argentina in November to see the Eras show again, and during the show, Swift gave the tight end a shout-out during “Karma,” and proceeded to run into his arms and kiss him at the end of the show.
In January 2024, an insider told People the couple were “really happy” together. “They’re having a lot of fun, but they’re still seeing where it goes,” the source said.
In May 2023, headlines surged when fellow singer Matty Healy came to watch Swift’s Eras Tour in Nashville and she mouthed the words “This one is about you. You know who you are. I love you.” (Healy had mouthed the same words only two days prior, onstage with his band, the 1975.) The following day, the pair were seen heading together to Swift’s condo in Nashville.
All of this occurred the same week The Sun reported that Swift was in a relationship with Healy. For the next few weeks, the two were seen hanging out at spots like Casa Cipriani in New York City and Electric Lady Studios.
Then, at the beginning of June, TMZ broke the news that Swift and Healy had called it quits after about a month together. Entertainment Tonight confirmed the news, with a quote from an insider, who said, “They are both extremely busy and realized they’re not really compatible with each other.”
If you ask a Swiftie, they’d probably say the singer started dating British actor Joe Alwyn in 2016, after meeting him at that year’s Met Gala. Indeed, Swift references the encounter in “Dress,” from 2017’s Reputation (“Flashback when you met me / Your buzz cut and my hair bleached / Even in my worst times / You could see the best of me”).
But the pair’s relationship wasn’t officially confirmed until May 2017. In December 2017, they were spotted dancing in each other’s arms at an Ed Sheeran concert.
Throughout their relationship, the couple made very few public appearances together—though, never forget that time Swift was seen sneaking into the premiere of Alwyn’s film The Favourite in 2018, and when she attended a BAFTA after-party with him in 2019. In 2020, they made a rare joint outing to sit together at the Golden Globes, where they looked so in love. Oh, and Alwyn worked on a few songs with Swift under the pseudonym William Bowery. For his production on a few of the tracks on Folklore, the actor received an award when the LP won Album of the Year at the Grammys in 2021.
Sadly, in April 2023, Entertainment Tonight broke the news the couple had called it quits. A source said the split was amicable and “it was not dramatic.” Before the news, fans had already started to wonder about relationship, after Alwyn didn’t appear at any of the Eras Tour stops. 
While still with DJ Calvin Harris, Swift met Avengers actor Tom Hiddleston at the 2016 Met Gala (where a fellow attendee captured a video of them in a dance-off). The couple dated for a few months after that.
They were first spotted kissing atop a rock outside Swift’s Rhode Island mansion in June. Then they were seen hanging out with Hiddleston’s mom, Diana. And how could we forget when the Marvel star wore an “I ♥️ T.S.” tank top while attending one of the singer’s famous Fourth of July parties?
By September, though, the romance had run its course. Although there were rumors that their relationship had been a PR stunt, Hiddleston told GQ in February 2017: “Taylor is an amazing woman. She’s generous and kind and lovely, and we had the best time. Of course it was real.”
Swift met her musical contemporary and eventual boyfriend Calvin Harris at the Elle Style Awards in February 2015, where the pair were introduced by Swift’s friend Ellie Goulding (who collaborated with the Scottish DJ on 2013’s “I Need Your Love” and 2014’s “Outside”).
The next month, they started dating. (The timing was confirmed a year later, when Harris posted a pic of a one-year anniversary cake on his Instagram.) Swift even publicly kissed the DJ at the Billboard Music Awards in May.
But the couple called it off a year later, in May 2016—the same month Swift met two other entries on this timeline: Tom Hiddleston and Joe Alwyn.
The Haylor relationship was short-lived but intense, as nothing gets fans buzzing like two pop stars linking up.
Swift first launched speculation that she was in a relationship with One Direction’s Harry Styles when eagle-eyed fans noticed her wearing his iconic paper airplane necklace in November 2012. Then, in December, she and the British pop singer were captured taking a stroll together through the Central Park Zoo, and caught kissing a few weeks later, during Dick Clark’s New Year’s Rockin’ Eve With Ryan Seacrest, according to People.
But that same month, they took a trip to St. John in the U.S. Virgin Islands—and Swift ended up returning home solo. (A photo of her in a blue dress, sitting alone on a boat, subsequently went viral). In February, Swift was perceived as confirming the breakup when she put on an English accent during a performance of “We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together” at the Grammys.
Yes, Conor is part of the Kennedy family you’re thinking of. (In fact, he is Robert F. Kennedy Jr.’s son.)
Swift first started dating the political progeny in summer 2012; they were spotted at Hyannisport, Massachusetts together, and a source told Us Weekly, “Conor put his arm around Taylor and they kissed behind the boat shed.”
Despite a whirlwind summer romance, the couple ended things in October of that year. In an interview with Katie Couric that month, Swift said, “I don’t know how to have a normal relationship because I try to act normal, love from a normal place ,and live a normal life, but there is sort of an abnormal magnifying glass, like telescope lens, on everything that happens between me and anybody else.” She added, “I don’t really know that much about love, it turns out.”
We remember this one all too well. Swift’s relationship with actor Jake Gyllenhaal started after they were set up by Gwyneth Paltrow. They met a dinner party at her home, the Shakespeare in Love actor revealed in an interview with USA Today. “I’ve just known Jake for a long time, and he’s a great guy, and [my husband] Chris has a friendship with Taylor,” said Paltrow (who would not consciously uncouple from Coldplay frontman Chris Martin until 2014).
The pair were first spotted together in October 2010, when they were seen backstage at a Saturday Night Live taping. In December 2010, Us Weekly released a series of photos of the two walking together in the winter cold, getting quite cuddly.
But that same month, the couple apparently called it quits. A source told People in January 2011: “They’re over. It ended last month.” Almost two years later, Swift would release her song “All Too Well” about their relationship—which would top Billboard charts almost a decade later, in its “Taylor’s Version” form.
Musician John Mayer first came into Swift’s orbit when he tweeted in March 2009 that he wanted to collaborate on a song with her. (They ultimately did end up working on the track, “Half of My Heart,” together.) At the time, Swift was only 18.
They performed together in May of that same year, when Mayer joined Swift onstage at one of her Fearless Tour stops in Los Angeles. In the following months, both artists spoke positively about each other in interviews, and rumors about their relationship escalated in December 2009, when they performed together at the Z100 Jingle Ball in New York.
In January 2010, they were spotted going out to dinner together, and their relationship seemed to be in full swing—until the rumor mill reported in February they had broken up. Still, when Mayer inducted Swift into the Songwriters Hall of Fame that June, the two seemed to be at ease with each other, with Swift even giving him a kiss on the cheek.
In classic Hollywood fashion, Swift and actor Taylor Lautner first fell for each other after playing onscreen lovers in the movie Valentine’s Day (which would come out in 2010). We certainly can’t blame them, after all the kissing they did for the film.
By October 2009, the pair were spotted on dates at hockey games and dinners at Ruth’s Chris Steak House. In November, Swift referenced the Twilight actor in her SNL monologue, singing, “If you’re wondering if I might / Be dating the werewolf from Twilight … I’m not going to comment on that in my monologue.” (But mouthing “Hi, Taylor” and blowing a kiss to the camera.)
In December, People reported that the couple had called it quits, quoting an insider who said, “It was never a big deal to begin with. The media made way more out of it than it is. They went out on a few dates and realized this was just not going anywhere.” Swift confirmed their December breakup by writing “Back to December” for her 2010 album, Speak Now.
Although it was short-lived, Swift had a brief romance with Lucas Till after the Spy Next Door actor played the singer’s love interest in her “You Belong With Me” music video. (They had also worked together on Hannah Montana: The Movie the previous year.)
He confirmed their relationship in an interview with MTV, saying, “We dated for a little bit. But there was no friction because we were too nice. We just really both liked each other…[but] most relationships work out ’cause you get along and then you don’t, and then you make up and it’s passionate, and with us, I really just liked her as a friend. That’s the only reason that didn’t work out.”
Since the beginning of her career, fans have been obsessed with the details of Swift’s lyrics and especially the subjects of her songs. Even on her 2006 self-titled debut, we couldn’t help but wonder who Drew and Cory were.
The first major public relationship of Swift’s life was with musician Joe Jonas, whom she briefly dated in 2008. Although details of their relationship are scant, the two broke up in October of that year, a mere month before Swift released her second studio album, Fearless.
In that time, the singer managed to write the song “Forever & Always” about their breakup, which ultimately which made it onto the album. She basically confirmed the song was about Jonas when she visited The Ellen DeGeneres Show that same month, saying, “Someday, I’m gonna find somebody really, really, really great, who’s right for me … When I find that person that is right for me, he’ll be wonderful, and when I look at that person, I’m not even gonna be able to remember the boy who broke up with me over the phone in 25 seconds when I was 18.” She also wrote “Mr. Perfectly Fine”—which would not be released until 2021—about Jonas.
Prince Harry Says He May Not Return to the U.K. 
George Clooney Played Softball In Central Park
Hunter Schafer Gives the Tracksuit a Playful Twist
Blake Lively Wears a “Wedding Gown” on Late Night 
Bella Hadid Glows in a Bubblegum-Pink Set
J.Lo’s Dress Shimmers Like a Starry Night Sky
Hailey Bieber’s Party Dress Is Made of Watches
Princess Charlotte's Birthday Portrait, by Kate
Kendall Jenner’s Halter Plunges to New Depths
Florence Pugh Steps Out in Five Different Looks
Kate and William Show Rare PDA in New Photos
Dua Lipa Looks Cool In Leather Pants
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.