"You should not act like a diva," Sara Haines said. "Beyoncé? Always on time. Taylor Swift, Pink, that's called respectful. It's how you're raised."
 The View ladies aren't feeling Madonna's concert material, girl.

 After news broke Wednesday that the pop icon is being sued by two New York City men for beginning a recent show for her Celebration tour about two hours late, the Hot Topics table went in on her, calling her behavior "disrespectful."

 "I personally wouldn't wait two hours to get a hot oil massage from George Clooney, much less a concert by anybody," panelist Joy Behar said.

 However, legal expert Sunny Hostin admitted she was "not bothered" by Madonna's tardiness.

ABC (2); Kevin Mazur/WireImage
 "I don't think she should be sued," she said. "This is baked into Madonna. She's an icon. She's always late. When you go to a Madonna concert, you know you have to eat before, you have to get lit before, and you're going to wait about two hours and listen to a DJ."

 Still, Hostin went on to compare her to other pop acts. "John Legend's on time. J.Lo's on time. Beyoncé's on time."

 "I love Madonna — best live show I've ever been to. I actually don't like this," Republican cohost and the table's resident Swiftie, Alyssa Farah Griffin, added, taking particular issue with the fact that a friend told her that she left a recent Madonna concert early after cutting it too close to the end of her hired childcare worker's shift. "She saw 20 minutes of the set and had to leave. It's just disrespectful to an audience that loves you and spent a lot of money to be there."

 But Sara Haines got the most heated over Madonna's actions.

 "Insert any person's name who are two hours late. It's disrespectful," she said. "You're literally flipping off your fans who paid to come and watch you. You can be a diva. You should not act like a diva. To me, Madonna is not there."

 Haines continued, "Beyoncé? Always on time. Taylor Swift, Pink, that's called respectful. It's how you're raised. You respect someone's time the way you expect them to respect yours. You showed up here. They paid hundreds of dollars."

Kevin Mazur/WireImage
 On Wednesday, concertgoers Michael Fellows and Jonathan Hadden accused Madonna, Live Nation, and Brooklyn's Barclays Center arena of "unconscionable, unfair, and/or deceptive trade practices" for selling tickets to a Dec. 13 show that touted an 8:30 p.m. start time when Madonna didn't take the stage until around 10:30 p.m. Fellows and Hadden claimed this resulted in them not getting home until roughly 1 a.m. local time.

 Representatives for Madonna did not immediately respond to EW's request for comment.

 Madonna's latest tour has received glowing reviews from critics and attendees, and welcomed a wave of high-profile guests who've joined the singer-songwriter on stage in recent months, including the performer's delayed biopic star Julia Garner, RuPaul's Drag Race contestant Sapphira Cristál, Donatella Versace, and Julia Fox, who EW previously confirmed met with Madonna to discuss playing the singer's longtime friend Debi Mazar in the film.

 The View airs weekdays at 11 a.m. ET on ABC.

 Sign up for Entertainment Weekly's free daily newsletter to get breaking TV news, exclusive first looks, recaps, reviews, interviews with your favorite stars, and more.

 Related content:

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)