By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
The longest-running live action TV show of all time kicks off Season 25 with one of its oddest cases ever… and that’s saying something.
However, Law & Order: SVU‘s season premiere begins under happier auspices: Olivia wearing the golden compass and thinking about the man who gave it to her. The episode opens with the christening of Rollins and Carisi’s son, Nicky. Liv is the baby’s godmother, and Carisi’s cousin Steve is the godfather. Steve not-so-subtly hits on Olivia at the reception afterward, but she tells him that “You might as well toss your heart into a woodchipper” instead of date her, which slows his roll. 

 




Related Stories Grosse Pointe Garden Society Finally Reveals Who Died the Night of the Gala — And It’s Not Who You Expected SNL Is Stuck in a Creative Rut in Its 50th Season — Can It Be Fixed? 
While Sonny and Amanda sneak off for a little smooching — it’s the first time they’ve been alone in six months, the new dad notes — Steve tries again by inquiring about the golden compass around Olivia’s neck. She tells him that the J on the pendant stands for “joy,” the c for “compassion” and the “l” for love. He wonders if it’s pointed her in the right direction. She stares at Rollisi necking in the next room (I can’t blame her; they’re adorable) and tells him, “Not yet.” (And you know we asked Mariska Hargitay about that pivotal piece of jewelry — hear what she had to say.)
On the way home, as Noah is gently badgering his mom about adopting another kid, Liv thinks she sees a blonde teenage girl in the passenger seat of a commercial energy drink van. As she and the girl make eye contact, the girl brushes some hair out of her face; Benson notices a beaded bracelet around her wrist. How interesting, then, when Olivia and Fin soon after are called to the scene of the Case o’ the Week: Maddie Flynn, a 15-year-old girl, disappeared while shopping with her parents. When the distraught parents show Olivia a photo of their kid, it’s the girl from the van. And a uniformed officer searching the store finds a gun in the men’s room.
Of course, Olivia instantly starts beating herself up for not using her SVU spidey sense to somehow know that something hinky was going on when she saw the girl she had no idea was going to be the person at the center of her future missing-persons case. When Maddie’s phone is found in Brooklyn, her mother freaks out. “What are you doing to find my daughter that I couldn’t do myself?” she yells. Benson lets it slip that “an eyewitness” might’ve seen Maddie after the alleged kidnapping, but when she starts giving too many details, Bruno lays a hand on the captain’s arm to reel her back in.

 





The van turns up, abandoned, in Pennsylvania, with Maddie’s beaded bracelet wedged into the passenger’s seat. The squad thinks they’ve got a lead when they find a pervy guy who has stalkery photos of girls (including Maddie) playing soccer, but it’s a dead end. Then in one of the most random moves this show has ever made — and that’s saying something — a different guy marches into the precinct and announces that the garbage bag he’s carrying contains the missing teen. At Benson’s request, he places the bag on the ground… and there’s a lifesize, RealDoll-type sex puppet inside that looks like Maddie and is wearing an identical bracelet.
Turns out, the guy works on a low-budget horror movie that uses the dolls as non-gross props — so he’s innocent — and he brought the Maddie doll in as soon as he realized that it was a dead ringer for the teen. Through some tracking, the squad realizes that the doll’s creator made that particular model (called “Birthday Girl”) based on a photo of Maddie that her parents posted on social media around the time of her birthday. It’s even wearing the outfit she’s wearing in the photo. Gross. So to quickly and disgustingly recap this latest development: A sex-doll company is making inventory of underage girls based on photos found on Instagram. Lovely.
Benson goes to visit Rollins and her fabulous post-partum hair, both of whom are wrapping up a lecture at Fordham. They talk about how Liv is now wearing a Maddie bracelet from one of the dolls (um, what in the name of our lord and savior Taylor Swift is going on?) and how SVU is going to track down everyone who’s bought a Maddie doll in case the perp is a buyer who’s escalating. When Rollins slips and refers to “our” perp, Liv looks at her so fondly. “Don’t make me miss you more than I already do,” she says.

 





While recovering the dolls, Liv and her team learn that one of the buyers recently threw his in the dumpster… and he says he knows who took Maddie. In the interrogation room, the guy says he paid another guy $8,000 to kidnap Maddie because he was enamored with the idea that his beloved doll existed as a human being. He claims to have changed his mind, but it was too late. The cops eventually wind up at a motel in New Jersey, where Olivia and the guys find a different victim of the same guy who took Maddie. (Meanwhile, Olivia invites Sloane Parrish, the Bergen County SVU cop who was looking for that victim for a year, to come into Manhattan to help question her. The Jersey cop looks like she’s going to Disney World as Minnie Mouse’s personal guest.)
By the end of the hour, Chief McGrath is holding a victory-lap press conference for the girl they did find, but Liv is conflicted because Maddie is still missing. And she doesn’t feel any better when Maddie’s highly upset mother crashes the event, sobbing, “What about my daughter?!”  Oof.
Now it’s your turn. Grade the season premiere, then hit the comments with all of your thoughts!
Comments are monitored, so don’t forkin' curse and don’t bore us with how much your coworker’s sister-in-law makes per hour. Talk smart about TV! 
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * Your email address will not be published. We will notify you when someone replies.
Δ
Will the character of Maddie ( from law & order svu season 25 episode 1) be found in a future episode this season?
Why was Benson acting like a rookie cop? I was not impressed. I’m used to seeing her assertive and engaged, not 2nd guessing herself. And that slimeball chief Really Needs To Go!!! Pick up that other female detective, she’s like Rollins. Glad to see Rollins in her element teaching.
Hoping SVU gets back in shape.
All of that was because of the guilt Olivia felt at not following or reporting Maddie being in the van/not following her gut that something was wrong. The episode highlighted the emotions (and the effects of them) when you can’t control a situation that you feel guilt in — when you feel that you should’ve done more.
I’m sure the parents were also feeling guilt from the birthday photo being posted online, since they monitored Maddie’s social media accounts, which also played a part in the mother’s lack of control.
It was disappointing.
Would have been nice to have found the girl. Maybe it will continue on another episode.
Why, when that’s not usually the case in real life? Too often people complain it’s not reality what they show. Well here you go, sometimes they don’t find them.
But they still finish the investigation in real life.
Do they ever find the birthday girl?
No
Too much Olivia!!!! They need to let the other characters take the lead once in the while. Tired of the Olivia show. She’s becoming pretty one-note as a character & rather annoying!! And it looks like next week is going to be the same type of episode…ugh!! I really miss Capt. Cragen!!
I agree. It’s become Law and Order -Olivia Benson.
My guess is for being on the cast the longest she gets paid the most so they let her earn it by doing all the heavy lifting
I just think she likes being the boss & she likes being in control of everyone & everything. Finn has been on the show almost as long as she has & he’s always relegated to a background player. She needs to give up some control!!!
For the first time this season, I’m starting to think that they’re teeing up a “final journey” that eventually ends in Olivia’s mostly-retirement. And I think that’s why they’re kinda-sorta giving into the pressure to undo Kelli Giddish’s departure; she can be brought back in to take over at the end of Mariska’s current contract, and the suggestion of maybe kinda-sorta seeing what happens with Stabler in a year or two when OC runs out of fumes becomes endgame for the character.
Mariska said this week that she’s “definitely in for Season 26” and “maybe” more (that she “doesn’t think that far ahead”, when asked if the next goal is 30 seasons). This season is not about retirement, but about doing something a little extra special for the 25th season (same with the USA channel marathons), as the executives and Mariska have hinted about getting to revisit some of Olivia’s old cases this year, to celebrate the 25th. I imagine there will be a lot of Easter eggs or nostalgia/continuity this season.
This is not the type of show where the main character can be replaced (regarding the Kelli comment); they managed to get by without Chris (though having him “back” is refreshing), but that’s because Mariska/Olivia is the deepest heart of the show. I do hope Kelli eventually returns as a detective, though.
That’s why I said “In a year or two.” It doesn’t have to be this year; it can be whenever she decides. But they’re finally teeing up endgame, however distant that may be. I think we’re all expecting OC to try to squeeze out a season 4, too, even if it takes a sixth and seventh showrunner.
And the show was always designed specifically TO work with a rotating cast, like the original L&O was. People just have been content to stick with Olivia because Mariska is fabulous, and the actress has been content to stick with the show because she actually does have the heart for real victims.
Olivia Benson was born in February 1968 (though the actress was born in 1964) and thus since they use the NYPD mandatory retirement age in the L&O universe we can expect her to leave in 7 more years if the show is still going.
We’ll agree to disagree on Mariska being essential to the show staying on. I’m on the side with all the people who believe there is no show without her. I haven’t decided how long I think OC will last, though, but I will say that, based on the season premiere, I may like this new showrunner best. I liked the flow, the personal stuff, and the fresher feeling to it…so we’ll see if that keeps up. It definitely kept my attention better in that episode. I never watched the other shows he was EP of.
She’s the main character and has been from the start, along with Elliott. But the captain role really isn’t best for main characters because it’s less dynamic and more supervisory.
I get that she’s aging and would be out within several years, but her ridiculous boss seems older than she does. Is he actually younger than 65? Or is his job not subject to the same regulations since he’s administration? If SVU were to continue after Olivia ages out, she could take that job and be more advisory, but they would have to develop the other detectives more, maybe bring in some previous actors like maybe Michelle Hurd. And they could feature Olivia and Rollins together in some way, as they are good together.
Or she could lodge a complaint against the boss and end up demoted, maybe partner with Finn. I’d rather see her in the field like she was for so many years.
Where is Maddie? Hate the ending
Basic story was great. Ending was not the best.
I liked the ending – felt like some of the ‘old school’ episodes, since SVU has never only covered happy ending stories. I also have a sense the Maddie story is going to cross over with OC’s fentanyl case…
Not sure about some of the characterisations going on. Hopefully Olivia will be second-guessing herself less from next week!
The problem is that the ending was not an ending. They’re in the middle of an investigation. It’s weird to end an episode by choosing to not show us what happens next.
Very disappointed in Liv.
She seemed over the top and rude, treating the
team with disrespect.
She’s become arrogant, rude, and all knowing! Can’t stand her character!!
Olivia was in panic mode, full of guilt and trying to take back control in a situation that she felt like she lost control of (that she felt like she should’ve done more in).
Have been a fan of SVU since the beginning & last night’s episode was a great way to kick off the new season. The case wasn’t tied up with a pretty bow, like life & many episodes from seasons past. The reference to the necklace from Stabler was sweet and I *LOVED* the toast to Det. Munch/ Richard Belzer. Great way to honor him. 
All in all, great episode & I’m so glad it’s finally back.
I guess it’s in real time for L&O shows when we see Stabler watching TV at the end… 
Good seeing Jet looking hot again as well…
Too many far-fetched coincidences:
–A gross overseas company happened to see a photo of a particular girl on social media and decided to make a doll out of it; the girl’s family happened to move to New York; a creepy owner of the doll happened to be in the same store where the girl’s family was shopping and somehow realized the doll was based on her; that person happened to know someone who’d do kidnapping for hire.
–Benson happened to be driving in the exact spot in New York City to go past a truck right when the girl was being taken and happened to glance at the passenger side at that exact moment.
In a show that seems to pride itself on realism, that was all a little much.
Olivia being the right place at the right time to see the girl is no different from real life news about random people finding car crash victims alive, whose car went off a cliff or bridge, etc. The van driver was in a hat, so the girl with long blonde hair was more noticeable, plus it’s a large windshield, making it easy to see.
I haven’t looked up to see what story this episode is based off of (I’m honestly kinda afraid to), but the story itself reminds me of the scary problem on the news lately about deep fake photos and predators who use kids/teens’ photos for child trafficking and extortion purposes and related crimes. 
I would need to rewatch a few scenes from last night to give a better answer, but I think the guy who paid the perp to kidnap her discovered she was based on a real girl and hired him to track her down. I don’t think this story is over with, because there is filming video of Olivia (wearing a different outfit) running to a van thinking Maddie is in it, so unless I missed or forgot something already said, maybe the perp got access to the original source of the photo? They knew where the cameras were/that she went to that store, so they had stalked/targeted her. And I’m sure any guy creepy enough to want that doll probably can easily find another creep to kidnap a kid.
I wrote a longer reply to you, but for some reason, it’s not showing, and I’ll try to make this shorter, in case the reply happens to show later. It may be b/c of a typo I made in the Name box.
Those type of coincidences (or blessings) about her seeing the van happen in life all the time (people finding car wreck victims, etc.). The van windshield was large, so it was easy to notice the long blonde hair over the driver with a cap.
I don’t know what news story this episode is based on (kinda afraid to look it up), but it reminds me of news about deep fake photos and child extortion crimes related to that and teen/kids’ online photos.
This story is likely not over with, based on filming video of Olivia (in a different outfit) chasing down a van while yelling Maddie’s name, so more details are likely to emerge. I don’t remember if it was said or not how the guy knew she was real, but the perp he hired (no surprise creeps can easily find other creeps) probably got access to the source of the photo (unless I missed those details last night, I’m guessing we’ll find out later), because he stalked her/knew where there store’s cameras were.
I watched the re-air and Hal (the guy who paid the kidnapper) showed a photo of the doll to his chatroom friend Mark, and Mark said that it was based on a real girl (Hal just said he was smart). Hal paid the kidnapper (George from Canada), but didn’t know his name — said it was someone Mark knew.
Maddie’s dad said they visited the store about once a week, so she was stalked, but it hasn’t been said yet how the kidnapper found her to begin with.
Did I miss something? How did the creepy guy that paid his friend $8000 to kidnap Maddie find her in the first place??
I think I missed a lot
I was trying to figure out if I missed something. But if I didn’t, it’ll probably be in a future episode. I wouldn’t doubt he somehow got access (whether by knowing someone or not) to company info, about where the photo came from. Unless some reverse image search of the doll worked to find the original photo.
He was in a chat room with the creep who went to Maddie’s soccer games and took pictures of her and her teammates.  He showed the guy who had the Maddie doll her picture and he realized that his doll was base on a real person.
I just watched the re-air and was about to post. You’ve got almost all of it right. His friend in the chat was named Mark, but the guy who went to the soccer games appears to be just a coincidence/regular pervert that doesn’t know about the dolls? 
The dad mentioned that they go to the store about once a week, so the kidnapper had been stalking her, but I guess we’ll find out soon how the kidnapper actually found her.
Sometimes I read comments online/on social media about a character’s demeanor and behavior on a TV show, especially a drama, and am really at a loss for why some watchers are very critical (I’m referring to when it’s only because of their confusion of the context) of a change in a character for one episode or with a particular storyline. 
Part of the reason why I love this show so much and respect the quality of acting and writing on it is it really delves into human behavior (and the reason for it) in a way, or on a level, that I haven’t seen on other shows…and I give extra credit to Mariska for that. 
But the show really highlights how we are affected (and also the domino effects, like behavior, that come with that) when faced with some of life’s toughest challenges. Some of SVU’s best or most poignant episodes are where the regular character’s emotions and intentions were really focused on.
And while I’m definitely an invested (not just casual) watcher, so I easily can see myself sometimes reacting or feeling the same way a particular character does if I was in that situation, I also think it ties into the same concept about putting yourself in someone’s shoes. This show has inspired real world change because it has the power to make us see things in a new light. 
And the show always makes me think that, if we took the time to think about things on a deeper than surface level, and attempt to put ourselves in the shoes of others more often, not only would we all get along better, but a lot of world problems would be improved.
But I guess me pointing that out is why this show resonates on a deeper level with so many people. I can already tell this season will be written with more love than ever, and I’m more than ready for it. I’m just very disappointed it will be a short season.
Not sure why paragraph spacing doesn’t show up much in mine or anybody else’s comments. I hope this can be fixed.
The comment section has been like that since this site was founded…so I doubt it.
Well at least it tells me it’s not a browser issue. Thank you.
I have watched every episode and sooo many reruns and this by far was the whackiest of them ALL I kept rewinding to make sure I was seeing it right! Such a horrible ending! These writers really dreamt up a douse sitting at home… hope they get better
I don’t know…the episode Wet was pretty wacky, ha. But whether or not the whole doll thing is a real story (I’m afraid to know), it sadly goes right along with real news stories about child trafficking and extortion crimes related to online photos.
Anyone else find it amusing when the family said they moved from San Francisco to New York because they thought it would be safer?? Really…safer??!! Have you been watching the news?? Reading about NYC? Not exactly the safest place right now! Funny that the writers put that line in there.
Olivia’s facial expression when they said that was pure gold, though!
San Francisco recently recalled a crazy DA who was refusing to prosecute all sorts of criminals…that policy would have been the reason they moved.
It wasn’t that they left San Francisco, it was that they choose NYC as a place to escape the crime level of SF.
That line is exactly the reason I’m here.  I thought that was the oddest thing to say.  What were the writers thinking?  The other thing about this episode was the helicopter mom – she got on my nerves.  I kept yelling at my TV for her to “calm the eff down!”
I hated that they didn’t continue the search for Maddie! Too abrupt of an ending. It could have been a two parter.
Behind the scenes filming videos indicate this story is not over. :)
I believe they are from next week’s episode, based on the outfit Olivia is wearing.
Any chance Detective Parrish is joining the squad?  There needs to be another female detective, although my preference is for Rollins to rejoin full time.
They’re probably at least thinking about it.
Of course,the actress (as  a redhead) played a girl who took Olivia hostage a few seasons ago.
I am a huge fan! After waiting for the season premiere for 4 months I didn’t enjoy the ending…
SVU needs Rollins back permanently. It is almost like  Hargitay is  jealous of  Giddish’s popularity.  I have been a fan for years and watch reruns a lot. Giddish and  Benson are the best team since Cagney and Lacey.  Please bring  Giddish back. Her head must be reeling with fan praise .
It was in articles that Mariska fought to keep her on the show as best she could, but that it was above her head, indicating the network’s decision. No jealousy.
It creeps me out a bit that you referred to Taylor Swift as “our lord and Savior”. Like you worship her as a god. She’s a celebrity but she’s just a human being! You are pretty spot on with this article though.  The premier was incredible!
I don’t understand why they ended the episode without Maddy being found..I just don’t get it..The episodes always get resolved..but not this one..
Will this continue next week to keep trying to find Maddie?
“The longest-running live action TV show of all time kicks off Season 25 . . . ” so goes this; after “the longest-running industry strike shutdown of all time” . . . SOMEWHERE in this q&a with Mariska could not that have been addressed?!
e.g., Mariska, how it is to be back at work; the MAD rush to meet your premiere date; writers’ and cast’s [and viewers’] disappointment at reduced episodes output and its EFFECT; how late this spring do you wrap and will you have an abbreviated hiatus before season 26; how was YOUR longest ever ‘SVU’ hiatus?
By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.