By CARLY JOHNSON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  01:35, 19 January 2024   |  Updated:  01:54, 19 January 2024   
 12
View  comments
Ice Spice has been hit with a copyright infringement lawsuit over claims that her hit track 'In Ha Mood' is a rip-off of another artist's work, as reported by TMZ.
Rapper D.Chamberz is alleging that Ice Spice and her producer Riot copied his song 'In That Mood,' which he said he wrote, produced and then released in January 2022.
Ice Spice's 'In Ha Mood' was released in January 2023 and is certified gold in the United States with 500,000 units sold/streamed.
D.Chamberz claims it has the same 'beat, lyrics, hook, rhythmic structure, metrical placement, and narrative context' as his 2022 track.
He is seeking 'at least half of Ice Spice's song's publishing and other revenue' as well as other unspecified damages.
Ice Spice's attorney Leon Morabia called the claims 'baseless' and said he is confident his client will be vindicated in court.
Ice Spice has been hit with a copyright infringement lawsuit over claims that her hit track 'In Ha Mood' is a rip-off of another artist's work, as reported by TMZ 
Rapper D.Chamberz is alleging that Ice Spice and her producer Riot copied his song 'In That Mood,' which he said he wrote, produced and then released in January 2022
'The claim is baseless. We will vigorously defend this case and look forward to our day in court when we will be fully vindicated,' Morabia stated.
DailyMail.com has reached out to representatives for Ice Spice for comment.
In the suit, D.Chamberz theorizes that Riot — who is Ice Spice's collaborator and longtime friend — heard his song on the radio and allegedly used it as a blueprint.
He claimed that 'In That Mood' was being played on Hot 97 FM, a New York City-based radio station. Both Ice Spice and Riot reside in NYC.  
He also speculated that the duo may have seen or heard him performing the song at music venues in the area.
In his suit, D.Chamberz alleged that his claims are backed up by 'social media receipts.'
Following a successful year that included a collaboration with pop superstar Taylor Swift, Ice Spice is up for Best New Artist at the upcoming 2024 Grammy Awards. 
She will go up against the likes of Gracie Abrams and Jelly Roll in the coveted category.
Ice Spice's 'In Ha Mood' was released in January 2023 and is certified gold in the United States with 500,000 units sold/streamed
Ice Spice's attorney Leon Morabia called the claims 'baseless' and said he is confident his client will be vindicated in court
Past Best New Artist winners included: Mariah Carey, Carly Simon, Christina Aguilera and Adele. 
Ice Spice also received a Best Rap Song nomination for 'Barbie World' — her collaboration with Nicki Minaj and Aqua for the Barbie movie soundtrack.
Last but not least, her feature on Swift's Karma remix is up for Best Pop Duo/Group Performance.
Ice Spice gained over 48million Spotify listeners in 2023 with her monthly listeners listed at nearly 25million.
She broke down in tears after being named Best New Artist at last year's VMAs.
She told the crowd: 'Thank you so much! Thank you MTV! Oh, my gosh, this is so cool! I just want to thank my munchkins. I love you guys so much.'
The rapper then thanked her manager and music producer.
'I want to thank my label for always supporting me. And, of course, God. Without God, none of this would be possible. Thank you guys, I love you guys so much!' she concluded.
Following a successful year that included a collaboration with pop superstar Taylor Swift, Ice Spice is up for Best New Artist at the upcoming 2024 Grammy Awards

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group