By KINTA WALSH-COTTON FOR DAILY MAIL AUSTRALIA 
 Published:  01:50, 19 January 2024   |  Updated:  01:52, 19 January 2024   
 1
View  comments
Taylor Swift fans have turned their ire on Ticketek as the event ticketing company allegedly failed to allow the resale of The Eras Tour tickets. 
One fan, who uses the handle katie_buttnett on TikTok, said the Ticketek Marketplace has been down for three weeks and she's been unable to resell her tickets.
However, a spokesperson for the company denied there were any issues with the website, and claimed it 'is working as expected'.  
With the Australian leg of the pop megastar's tour set to kick off next month, resellers have been desperate to offload their tickets to Swifties.
Katie took to TikTok over the weekend to slam Ticketek Marketplace as she has been attempting to resell her concert tickets 'since New Years Eve' because she can no longer attend the event.   
Taylor Swift (pictured) fans have turned their ire on Ticketek as the event ticketing company allegedly failed to allow the resale of The Eras Tour tickets
'I have reached out to Ticketek customer service twice. They said they would reply ASAP. They haven't. I don't know how to get through to them,' she said.
'This is happening to everyone that wants to resell. If someone is trying to buy tickets off this Marketplace, it says that there are no tickets available. 
'They are only unavailable because Ticketek will not allow us to list them, and they will not provide us an update.' 
One fan, who uses the handle katie_buttnett on TikTok, said the Ticketek Marketplace has been down for three weeks and she's been unable to resell her tickets
Katie has since said the marketplace is back up and running
Katie went on to say the technical issues are 'unacceptable' as fans need tickets as soon as possible so they can organise flights and accommodation for the Tour - though she has since told her TikTok followers the Marketplace is back up.
Ticketek Marketplace is the only authorised reselling platform for Taylor Swift The Eras Tour in Australia, and it first opened for resales in September last year.
And while fans claim the website has been down for weeks and been nothing but trouble, the company says that couldn't be further from the truth.
However, a spokesperson for the company denied there were any issues with the website, and claimed it 'is working as expected'. Pictured: Stock photo of the Ticketek website
'The Ticketek Marketplace site is working as expected. Fans are listing and buying tickets as inventory becomes available,' a spokesperson told Daily Mail Australia on Friday.
'As is the case with Ticketek's main site, we have been monitoring performance, and flexing session availability as required to ensure that genuine fans are able to list and buy tickets.
'Ticketek's customer solutions team are working around the clock to help genuine customers buy and sell tickets, and Ticketek have been contacting all customers who have had difficulty listing their tickets.
'Ticketek is the only authorised seller for the Tour and we advise fans to not purchase tickets through any unauthorised resellers.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group