Main navigation
Hamburger menu
Last updated on Sep 19, 2024
If you’ve ever fallen in love (or even in 'like') with someone, chances are there’s a Taylor Swift song for that. The pop star is no stranger to writing about the deepest aspects of crushing on someone to having your heart broken and every stage in between — it’s one of the reasons so many people find Taylor Swift's love quotes from her song lyrics so relatable.
Taylor Swift’s own love life has been the subject of public scrutiny for years, and the world has watched as she’s fallen in and out of love multiple times. Whether it’s about her longtime now ex-boyfriend Joe Alwyn or her newest catch Travis Kelce, it’s clear she’s writing from experience. This honesty and vulnerability is what makes legions of fans love her, especially with the release of her newest album The Tortured Poets Department, which offers deep insight into her breakup with Alwyn and short-lived fling with Matty Healy.
Love is a universal human experience, and it’s one Taylor has covered over and over again in her songs. Whether you’re feeling those first butterflies or trying to keep hope alive that love is real, there’s a strong possibility your soundtrack is here.
   Design: YourTango
Some loves are so intense they can feel otherworldly. Then, after, you're left to grapple with the reality of what you felt.
RELATED: The 5 Most Therapeutic Taylor Swift Lyrics From TTPD, According To A Therapist
If your singular goal is to see your love smile, that's a sure sign that you're smitten.
When you're enamored with someone, the smallest actions can have the biggest meaning. The simple act of moving a ring could tell you all you need to know about the relationship.
Knowing the way someone kisses you is going to affect you for the rest of your life is pretty romantic.
Nothing compares to the happiness you feel when you know you've found the one. The approval of those who care about you is just the icing on the cake.
Pick-up lines can be a little cheesy, but also cute, especially when they're coming from someone you love. The idea of giving your heart away is serious, but Taylor's humor manages to lighten it up some.
RELATED: Taylor Swift’s Pregnant High School Classmate Urges Her To ‘Tell The Truth’ About The Unkind Predictions She Made About Her Baby
   Design: YourTango
Sometimes, the ambiguity of a relationship can be just as alluring as the thing itself. Sharing a secret that big can definitely feel romantic.
When love feels so rare that you know it doesn't come around very often, you should hold on to it. Chances are, you have something very special.
While this trajectory may sound a bit fast, sometimes that's how love moves. If you know it's right, trust your gut.
In this song, Taylor uses a clever play on words to remind us all that sometimes you want to get revenge on someone and sometimes you want to win their heart again — and they both mean getting them back.
Sometimes, even when love has ended, there are still so many unanswered questions. Because of that, you're left wondering what would happen if you were to see that person just one more time. Although the relationship is over, the notion is awfully romantic.
RELATED: Taylor Swift's Friendship With Brittany Mahomes Doesn't Make Her 'Spineless'
We all dream of finding a lasting love that's still as alive in old age as it was when you were young. Taylor's description of it sounds simply magical.
So often, when you're in a relationship, it's easy to feel like you're being held back by that other person. When you find someone who lets you shine and loves to watch you do so, you might just have the one.
   Design: YourTango
True love often feels like you're able to communicate with someone in a way no one else can. 
When you're in the middle of a relationship, everything feels like a whirlwind. You're sure that person is right for you, and can imagine your whole future with them. Even if it doesn't work out, it was still a beautiful thing.
Dreaming about your future with that special someone is a magical feeling. The possibilities are endless and oh so beautiful.
Comparing the person you love to actual light is quite the metaphor. It shows just how special that person is, and how brightly they shine.
Sometimes, even when a relationship doesn't work, that person is still all you can think about. Their name will always be the one you're saying, no matter what.
Love can make you do some crazy things. Taylor is famous for her love songs, and she really has spent her life trying to capture the feeling of love in words.
RELATED: TV Host Tells Critics Of The NFL’s New Ad Featuring Taylor Swift To ‘Grow Up & Move Out Of Mom’s Basement’
Often, love is about the little things, like being able to be comfortable together in silence.
We all take a long journey to find that special someone, but once we do, it’s so worth it.
There’s something special about someone who can make you laugh at any time — especially when it feels like it would be so much easier to cry.
When you’re with someone you love, it’s like they have a special quality that you can’t quite put your finger on. 
There’s so much that we can’t be certain of in this world. Luckily, when you find the person who’s right for you, you can be sure of your feelings for them.
Some of the greatest love stories have ended in tragedy. (Romeo and Juliet, anyone?) Sometimes seeing that intense kind of love means knowing that you would have done the exact same thing in that situation.
It’s natural to daydream about someone you have feelings for and wonder what that moment will be like when it all finally bubbles up to the surface.
Just like it’s natural to dream about someone, it’s also normal to wonder if they’re dreaming about you. 
The best kind of love is the kind that heals past wounds.
RELATED: My Wife Chose Taylor Swift Over Me, So I Chose Divorce
When you really love someone, what’s considered aesthetically pleasing doesn’t matter. They are always attractive to you.
Loving someone makes you feel like there’s nothing better in the world. That person is the best part of your life, always.
So often when it comes to love, we don’t know if we’re truly making a conscious choice or not. We just feel love and react to it.
Things like a song can hold so much meaning in a relationship. It feels like nothing can rival it.
Whether love lasts forever or just for a short time, it always leaves a mark. No one gets away from love unscathed.
When you’re in love, something as simple as a touch can be the thing that makes the whole world feel more alive.
Few people have a straight path to finding love. Often, it takes some missteps along the way to get to where you really need to be.
One of the best things about being in a relationship is feeling like that person is also your friend. It’s good to have someone to laugh with.
Love is far from black and white. Instead, it glows like the sun.
Love becomes stronger when it is tested. Choosing to stay through the hard times means you have something truly special.
RELATED: 9 Strict Rules Taylor Swift Makes Her Employees Follow
When you’re in love with someone who is about to choose someone else, there isn’t anything you wouldn’t do to make them see you and your feelings, even if it means interrupting a wedding.
Even the sanest people can find that love makes them feel a little bit mad. But really, that’s one of the best things about it.
Sometimes, when you care about someone, all you can think about is them sweeping you away. You’d welcome wrecked plans if it meant you could be with them.
Falling in love doesn’t mean you have to lose your independence. Just because you don’t need a knight in shining armor to save you doesn’t mean you can’t still run away together.
Part of loving someone is noticing the small things about them that others overlook. Something as simple as someone’s eyes shining can make it feel like the stars have nothing on them.
Taylor is very familiar with the concept of putting drama behind you so you can thrive with your love. It’s something that she advises we all do.
Sometimes love doesn’t make sense; sometimes it looks a little crazy. But Taylor knows that’s okay.
We all wish for that magical moment when it’s like the whole world stops and it’s just you and that special person existing together.
Speaking of magical moments, what could be more picturesque than the imagery of a snow globe? The figures in one are perfect — just like your love.
It takes a lot for everything to work out perfectly so that you can find that special someone. But every now and then, the stars line up just right.
RELATED: Taylor Swift's Former Classmate Explains Why 'Most People Hated Her' During High School
Love makes us do things that don’t make any sense, like dancing in our best dress in the rain.
When the world feels like it’s too much to handle, you can always depend on your person to be there for you and comfort you through the hard times.
It’s hard to believe in love after heartbreak. But sometimes, you catch a glimmer of hope that shows you it does, in fact, still exist.
Sometimes love is unrequited, and that hurts. But you still just can’t stop yourself from hoping that maybe someday your feelings will be returned.
Love doesn’t always make sense on paper. But when it’s right, you know.
Accidents aren’t usually a good thing, but they can be when they lead to a love you never expected.
Have you ever seen someone so beautiful that you can’t even talk to them? Yeah, Taylor knows the feeling.
Being so close to a person that you know all of their secrets is a special thing. It definitely means that you may feel like you can’t live without them.
When you finally find your person, it’s interesting to look back at the road you both took to find each other. That whole time, there was a piece of fate connecting the two of you.
Taylor is famous for her songwriting, and she’s not afraid to brag about it. Just because another girl is beautiful, would she really go so far as writing a song about someone?
RELATED: Taylor Swift's Parents Divorced Quietly Years Ago — And It Deeply Affected Her & Her Music
When you can’t get someone out of your mind, that’s a sure sign you may be developing feelings for them. Of course you want to know them better.
True love means accepting all parts of someone, including the messy ones. If someone sees the best of you even when you’re at your worst, they’re a keeper.
There’s nothing like that feeling of having a crush on someone and wanting to know more about them. 
Real love is something that you don’t see every day, kind of like a comet. It truly is a feeling of home.
When you’re in love with someone, nothing can make you sadder than thinking about that love ending. While you never know what may come, it’s natural to want to hold on to what you have for as long as you can.
When you have the realization that someone is the one, it’s an indescribable feeling. It truly seems like they are a part of you.
When you finally find that person that’s meant for you, you would do anything for them, including waiting forever. Even if your love isn’t reciprocated, you know it’s real.
Meeting someone so beautiful that it feels like their hair cascades into place doesn’t happen every day. That’s how you know that person is special.
Loving someone doesn’t mean giving up who you are. It’s both of you coming together and being stronger as a team.
RELATED: Fans Share 8 Signs Taylor Swift Is Neurodivergent — And How It Massively Contributes To Her Talent & Success
Someone getting your heart racing like it's skipping is a sure sign love is just around the corner.
Sometimes, your love for someone can be so all-encompassing that everything else falls out of focus.
There are times when people may judge your relationship from the outside looking in, but only you can truly know the depth of your love and connection.
You know a connection runs deep when the feeling makes you feel like nothing you've ever felt before and haven't been able to find again.
There are times when what we perceive as romance is born out of the secrecy of a relationship.
When you have the intuition that someone is the one for you, there's no sense in fighting the chemistry you have with each other.
All the money and material things in the world don't matter if you feel alone.
RELATED: 20 Heartfelt Noah Kahan Quotes About Love From His Best Song Lyrics
Mary-Faith Martinez is a writer for YourTango who covers entertainment, news and human interest topics.
Social Icons
© 2025 by Tango Publishing Corporation All Rights Reserved.
About