Robert Thompson is one of the most well-known and widely-quoted popular culture experts in the world. The 64-year-old south suburban native is considered the national godfather of pop culture studies.
I first interviewed him more than 20 years ago, just as the American pop culture landscape began to dramatically change into what is is today - a fragmented incarnation that may someday cannibalize itself. But before we look to the future, let’s peek back at the past.
We spent the first eight decades of the 20th century building together the biggest consensus audience in the history of humankind.
“I don’t think the Greeks or Romans or Egyptians or even the Catholic Church during medieval times had everybody consuming the same stuff at the same time,” Thompson said.
That kind of mass culture, or popular culture, turned into what we now know as “pop culture.”
However, during the last two decades of the 20th century, pop culture began breaking into a million little pieces. First, with cable TV, which divided entertainment options for specialized audiences, followed by a series of transformational changes including the World Wide Web.
 or “Swiftie," for rabid fans of Taylor Swift.
That’s when “pop culture” changed into “pop cultures.”
Thompson teaches a course at Syracuse University on this subject, which also explores the commonality of our evolving pop cultures.
“Pretty much everyone in my class has seen the TV shows ‘Friends’ and ‘The Office,’ and the movie ‘The Lion King,’” Thompson said. “But that’s pretty much it for everyone watching the same thing.”
When The Beatles invaded America in the early 1960s and performed on the “Ed Sullivan Show,” more than 75 million people tuned in to the broadcast. Tens of millions of others talked about it the next day. A similar mass frenzy happened earlier when Elvis Presley first hit the music scene.
The Beatles, from left, John Lennon, George Harrison, Ringo Starr and Paul McCartney arrive July 10, 1964, in Liverpool, England for the premiere of their movie "A Hard Day's Night."  
“It simply wasn’t unusual for most everyone to take part in, like it or not,” Thompson said.
These days, there are fewer of those mega-events that attract similar mass appeal audiences across the pop culture landscape.
“The Super Bowl is one of them,” Thompson said. “It’s one of the last events where we all watch the same thing together.”
Taylor Swift’s “The Eras” tour and Beyoncé’s “Renaissance World” tour are other such events.
“You have stars, you have superstars, and then you have primo superstars,” Thompson said.
Certain books, such as the “Harry Potter” novel series, also cast the same spell on our pop culture.
A period drama that centers on a 1960s New York City ad agency and its talented (and complicated) employees, “Mad Men” aired on AMC for seven seasons. The show earned dozens of Emmy nominations for its acting, writing, and visual style over the course of its run, but its most significant win came when it took home the trophy for Outstanding Drama Series after its first season, making it the first basic cable program to do so.
One of my favorite TV shows of all-time, “Mad Men,” which debuted in 2007, illustrates the phenomenon of a fragmented pop culture with niche audiences. The chain-smoking show is set in 1960s New York City, where alpha male Don Draper struggles to stay on top of the heap in the high-pressure world of Madison Avenue advertising firms. The viewing audience for this show would have been woefully small before cable TV revolutionized how we tap into entertainment options.
“Television shows with much larger audiences would have been cancelled in the 1960s and 1970s,” said Thompson, the author or editor of five books.
Pop culture's dramatic shift
“The paradox is that when electronic media comes along, pop culture becomes more efficient toward reaching millions and millions of people it couldn’t reach before,” Thompson said.
A similar phenomena took place a century ago when the phonograph amplified pop culture music, allowing everyday people to listen to, say, a great tenor at the opera or a pop star at a concert. Everybody could hear it even if you couldn’t afford to see the performance live and in person.
It was an early precursor to “on demand” music. In fact, one phonograph was billed as, “The music you want, whenever you want it,” similar to current digital music platforms such as Spotify.
Similar live entertainment experiences also took place back then with a traveling circus or the World’s Fair. Once the audiences arrived, they enjoyed the event together. It was a communal experience.
But then that traditional pop culture paradigm dramatically shifted.
Electronic media, followed by digital media, allowed more people than ever before to consume entertainment options. Instead of consuming them together, tens of millions of people began consuming it one at a time or five at a time.
With that said, our society still craves sharing experiences together but the methodology to do so is evolving. For older generations, this meant actually attending an event or movie or concert together at a specific time and place, to see each other’s reactions or to create a direct bond with the artist.
Our species has always had a flash-mob mentality with social interactions. We show up out of nowhere, engage with each other despite our differences, and then disappear back into the shadows of our lives. These flash mobs continue to take place but they’re done virtually, with consumers converging via digital platforms, not traditional venues.
“These days, for younger generations, this is what they consider to be social interactions,” Thompson said. “An argument can be made that people today who have online conversations have more content to share with each other than people did 20 or 30 or 100 years ago.”
Robert Thompson teaches a course at Syracuse University on this subject, which also explores the commonality of our evolving pop cultures.
“Pretty much everyone in my class has seen the TV shows ‘Friends’ and ‘The Office,’ and the movie ‘The Lion King,’” Thompson said. “But that’s pretty much it for everyone watching the same thing.”
Think back to all the time you spent with childhood friends - countless hours of sharing air space, possibly for years - yet we now struggle to remember specific conversations we had.
“I can’t remember a single conversation I had with a friend before I was 18,” Thompson said.
The COVID-19 pandemic and its social restrictions aptly illustrated this pop-cultures paradigm shift. We didn’t have to be physically together to bond with each other.
“The pandemic accelerated the understanding of a trend that was already emerging in our society,” Thompson said.
Nonetheless, we still have the urge to discuss our shared experiences afterward with other fans or viewers or listeners. The human instinct hasn’t changed. Only the methods to do so.
Taylor Swift performs Nov. 9 at the Monumental stadium during her Eras Tour concert in Buenos Aires, Argentina.
Older generations may dismiss this way of sharing pop culture, but part of this criticism is our own nostalgia for the “good old days.” We should never forget that today’s generations of pop culture consumers are currently living their good old days. Or at least they may believe this someday.
It reminds me of timeless song lyrics by Paul Simon: “It's every generation throws a hero up the pop charts.” Pop culture needs heroes like music needs listeners, I believe.
In a column this week, I will dig deeper into the power of pop culture in regard to politics, with more insights from Thompson, who’s known as the “ambassador of pop culture.”
Kayla Sheblosky from the Michigan City Parks Department introduces the Walker Street Food Pantry.
Michigan City is launching a "Pantries in the Park" pilot program at Walker Street and Gardena Parks.
Flanked by Steve Murray from Burn 'Em Brewing, left, and Nick Pollock from the Carpenters Union, Kayla Sheblosky from the Michigan City Parks Department introduces the Walker Street Food Pantry.
Steve Murray from Burn 'Em Brewing brings food items to the Walker Street Park in Michigan City.
Contact Jerry at Jerry.Davich@nwi.com. Find him on Facebook and other socials. Opinions are those of the writer.
Get opinion pieces, letters and editorials sent directly to your inbox weekly!
“Organ donation saves lives. I’m a living testament to that,” said Carl Summerhill of Valparaiso. “If it wasn’t for Ben, I’d be going six feet under."
“I am surprised how many people still either don't know about it or maybe think it's something they can fix very easily,” said Lake Circuit Co…
Imagine a community space where creativity comes to life, where young minds are inspired, where ideas become reality, and where people gather …
First introduced in Connecticut, the free, anonymous program is a communication tool between motorists who are on the autism spectrum and law …
Weeks of detailed plans. Days of nervous anxiety. Hours of stress leading up to the big moment. But a missing cake almost ruined this couple's…
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Sign up with
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Sign in with
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.