ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
RIO DE JANEIRO, BRAZIL - NOVEMBER 19: (EDITORIAL USE ONLY, NO COVERS.) Taylor Swift performs during ... More night two of "Taylor Swift | The Eras Tour" at Estádio Olímpico Nilton Santos on November 19, 2023 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. (Photo by TAS2023 via Getty Images)
Years after it was first released to the public, Taylor Swift’s single “Cruel Summer” hits No. 1 on another Billboard chart. The single keeps climbing and reaching new highs, and just when it seems like it’s done conquering tallies, the tune finds another roster to dominate.
This week, “Cruel Summer” rises to No. 1 on Billboard’s Adult Contemporary chart. The ranking tracks the songs that reach the largest audience at radio stations across the U.S. that focus on playing adult contemporary music, which is like pop’s version of easy listening.
“Cruel Summer” lifts from the runner-up spot, where it’s been stuck for quite some time, and finally hits No. 1 on the AC radio tally. As Swift summits the ranking, she replaces Miley Cyrus in first place. The pop singer had been ruling with her “Flowers,” which racked up 37 weeks at No. 1 on the Adult Contemporary chart.
Swift earns her ninth career No. 1 on the Adult Contemporary chart this week with “Cruel Summer.” Before it reached the peak, it was already one of her 19 top 10 smashes. Throughout her time in the spotlight, the singer has placed 44 tracks onto the list of the top performers at AC radio.
“Cruel Summer” may be new to the throne on the Adult Contemporary chart, but the song has already reached No. 1 on a number of other Billboard rankings. The track has previously dominated the Digital Song Sales, Radio Songs, and Streaming Songs lists as well. It even managed to rule the Hot 100 years after fans fell in love with it.
The same single has also become a huge win on all three of Billboard’s pop radio charts, with Adult Contemporary being the last of the bunch. “Cruel Summer” has already taken its turn running the show on both the Pop Airplay and Adult Pop Airplay tallies.