2023 was undoubtedly the year of Taylor Swift and 2024 is tracking to be more of the same. Between her highest-grossing Eras Tour and her box-office-record-smashing concert film, her fans have been having the time of their lives. From making and trading beautiful friendship bracelets to wearing their favorite eras on their nails, Swifties have pulled out all the stops when it comes to celebrating the musical legacy of the Grammy-winning singer-songwriter. While nail art and friendship bands are great options to proudly flaunt your Swiftie status, Taylor Swift tattoos are a more permanent way of commemorating your love for the star and her incredible music. 
Though Swift doesn't have any tattoos herself, if you've decided to get some ink inspired by her, there are plenty of ways you can go about it. You can opt for a script tattoo featuring your favorite era or get a meaningful lyric etched into your skin forever. However, landing on a design that's the one for you may seem daunting. But fret not; we are here to help. While the singer's discography is a treasure trove of beautiful lyrics, vivid metaphors, and recurring motifs that can make for a timeless tattoo, there are many deep cuts you can mine to create a unique and refreshing tattoo design. 
From the titles and lyrics of fan-favorite songs such as "August" and "Cruel Summer" to creative illustrations inspired by her Easter-egg-filled music videos or her newest album, "The Tortured Poets Department," we've curated a handful of options to get you started. Drop everything now and read on for Taylor Swift tattoo ideas that'll take your stan status to the next level.
Swift's April 2024 release, "The Tortured Poets Department," can be represented by a typewriter. This tattoo includes flower illustrations around the machine, which feels especially on-brand for the singer. 
If you're looking for another design to get in honor of Swift's latest album, "The Tortured Poets Department," a tattoo of an albatross, a type of bird, is a great option. This design shows the bird in flight next to a crescent moon and a wave. 
This tattoo perfectly encapsulates the lyrics "Devils roll their dice, angels roll their eyes" from Swift's hit single "Cruel Summer."

One of the powerful thematic and aesthetic motifs of Swift's 2017 album "Reputation" is a snake, and this ink is a perfect depiction of that impactful imagery.

"August" from Swift's Grammy-winning record "Folklore" is a timeless fan favorite, so if you also love humming along to the beautifully wistful lyrics of this song, this tattoo is a no-brainer.

"This is Me Trying" charts the constant internal battles of someone dealing with mental health, and this powerful illustration is a beautiful reminder that you're not alone.
Swift is currently reclaiming the masters of her first six albums, and each new rerecording famously goes by the tag "(Taylor's Version)." So, if you're rejoicing about the rereleased album cycles as much as we are, this tattoo makes quite a statement.
The music video for "Anti-Hero," the lead single of Swift's 2022 album "Midnights," shows the superstar's literal demons in the form of bedsheet-shrouded ghosts, and this design is an adorable replica of that.  

"All Too Well (10 Minute Version) (Taylor's Version)" is the ultimate breakup song, documenting an entire relationship in dazzling imageries and metaphors. This piece has its basis in one of the most piercing lines from the extended version. 

If you connect with the country part of Swift's discography, you can get a pair of cowboy boots tattooed. They were a fashion staple in the star's wardrobe until the late aughts.
This simple yet beautiful lyric from "Seven" is a love letter to an innocent childhood friendship, making it a perfect choice if you want to get matching ink with your bestie.

"Champagne Problems" features a heartbreaking unraveling of a relationship and explores the underlying mental health conflicts at its core. This visual accurately depicts the track and is perfect for you if you prefer tiny illustrations that pack a punch.
One of the most-quoted lyrics from the song "Midnight Rain" is "He was sunshine, I was midnight rain." This artwork encapsulates that theme pretty accurately.

This design features the metaphorical and literal paper airplanes from the "Out of the Woods" music video.

Here, the poetic lyric from the song "Ivy" is inked alongside its visual representation, making this tattoo all the more powerful.
If you relate to Swift's cryptic and Machiavellian ways in "Midnights" closing track "Mastermind," the pair of pawns make for a great tattoo idea. 
Swift may never walk Cornelia Street again, but that doesn't stop lovers of this song from getting it tattooed on their skin, as demonstrated here.

The beloved song "Invisible String" beautifully weaves a love story that is fated. If you're a hopeless romantic like us or your own story parallels the track's events, this tattoo and you are definitely meant to be.
Ever since its 2020 release, the song "Mirrorball" has taken a life of its own and has become synonymous with Swift herself. If the lyrics speak to you, consider getting this tattoo.
If you've been a fan of Swift since the beginning of her musical career, we know that the album "Fearless" by default holds a special place in your heart. Memorialize the flood of comfort and nostalgia it brings you by getting this tattoo.
"If you never bleed, you're never gonna grow" is a lyric from the track "The One," and given how universal these words of wisdom are, they make for a timeless tattoo.

Ina Bansal is a contributor at PS, where she writes for the Beauty vertical.