KANSAS CITY, Mo. (KCTV) - The start of the year has seen KC is making Top Places lists in several national publications.
It may be no coincidence that it’s happening amidst a hugely successful run for the Chiefs.
Publications such as the New York Times, Wall Street Journal, Essence magazine, and Lonely Planet have all named Kansas City as a top travel destination for 2024. None of the photos included reference football. Arrowhead is not among the must-see spots.
They talk about the airport’s elegant new terminal and the sleek streetcar. They tout the KC Current’s soon-to-be first-ever stadium built for a pro women’s sports team.
They reference the soon-to-open Pennway Point and Rock Island Bridge development. The luxury publications feature swanky restaurants and boutique hotels.
It’s little surprise some of them name the same places. Some haven’t even seen the city in person. They’re responding to sales pitches from content creators at VisitKC, the city’s convention and tourism bureau.
Derek Byrne is VisitKC’s director of content strategy.
“I get to spend time thinking about how we tell the story of Kansas City to visitors,” he explained.
The Chiefs’ success may not be the story, he said, but it’s what’s getting publications to bite when he proposes a spread. He often times PR pitches to coincide with the post-season.
“Having the Kansas City Chiefs and Patrick Mahomes, an international superstar, as a way to open up those conversations and then say, ‘But did you also know about the American Jazz Museum and the Negro Leagues Baseball Museum and our James Beard award-winning restaurants in addition to our barbecue?’ that goes a long way,” Byrne said. “It gets our foot in the door. It allows us to start the conversation and just absolutely engage with people in a better way.”
Case in point, The Wall Street Journal’s Best Travel Spots section on KC opens with, “Given the zeitgeist, it would be understandable to think Kansas City made this list because of Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce. But the city was set to deliver the goods long before it became a fixture of gossip columns.”
Lonely Planet’s spotlight on the city begins, “Suddenly in the international spotlight after Taylor Swift’s appearance at the Chiefs football game, Kansas City is on our radar for lots of reasons.”
Football isn’t the lead-in to every Kansas City travel pitch.
The New York Times introduced the Kansas City snippet on their best places list with the sentence, “No doubt, soccer reigns supreme.” It included props to the Current for their groundbreaking stadium and noted that Kansas City will be the only Midwest city to host games for the 2026 World Cup.
The Kansas City Sports Commission focuses on attracting and planning sports events.
It helps that the city has had teams that succeeded at the highest level, providing an opportunity to prove the city can manage massive celebrations. First a World Series parade in 2015, then two Super Bowl parades, then the NFL Draft.
Sure, the sports commission spent seven years working on getting the Draft, but Dave Borchardt, the commission’s vice president of corporate and community relations, suggests that the Chiefs’ six-year playoffs run did play a role in scoring the gig.
“Conversations were going on with the NFL before the NFL Draft was awarded to Kansas City, but Kansas City didn’t actually get awarded the Draft until after Patrick Mahomes burst on the scene, won the league MVP,” Borchardt said, “and it was announced in 2019, the year they won their first Super Bowl.”
Now, Kansas City will be the sole Midwest city to host the games in the 2026 World Cup.
Borchardt said FIFA was impressed with the Current’s stadium plans and all the packed Power and Light World Cup watch parties. It also helped that Kansas City Chiefs founder Lamar Hunt’s legacy includes a reputation as one of the founders of professional soccer in the United States.
Each big event is a resume for the next, each time a reason for spotlighting the city.
“Sporting winning a championship, the Royals playing in the World Series, the Chiefs with six straight AFC title games, all those things helped get attention to Kansas City and then once people were paying attention, they’re like, ‘Holy cow. This place is great,’” Borchardt concluded.
Sometimes, magazines do send their reporters to see the city in person.
After sending numerous pitches to Essence magazine, and being blown off repeatedly, VisitKC got traction with a pitch about Vine Street Brewing, the first Black-owned brewery in Missouri.
That article appeared in May. Later in the year, KC made Essence magazine’s Ten Places You Need to Travel in 2024.
Byrne said that’s one accomplishment that VisitKC can’t take credit for. He said the reporter was so impressed during her visit that she pressed the editorial staff to include Kansas City in the list
Copyright 2024 KCTV. All rights reserved.