Did you tune in for the NFL Playoffs last weekend? Even in a losing effort, C.J. Stroud earned himself plenty of new fans in football circles everywhere — including Lamar Jackson himself.


		"It's just the beginning for you."@Lj_era8 with an awesome message for @CJ7STROUD pic.twitter.com/CWl0i2GfiI


	Even as the game got away from the Texans in the fourth quarter, Stroud undoubtably served as one of the key reasons why the divisional round meeting between Houston and Baltimore ended the evening as ESPN's most-viewed NFL game ever.


		One for the Record Books!@HoustonTexans vs. @Ravens is ESPN's Most-Watched NFL Game Ever
		More on the Record-Breaking Game & 2023-24 #MNF Season: https://t.co/X1mwUBe4gR pic.twitter.com/3EpBkX2kao


	Of course, Stroud likely has his eyes set on other accolades as award season for the professionals continues down the home stretch.


		What a rookie season for CJ7
		Vote now for @CJ7STROUD as the Rookie of the Year https://t.co/JTRPexlrik pic.twitter.com/9BifKym1NZ


	Fortunately for Ohio State fans, there remains a handful of former Buckeyes competing for postseason glory worth celebrating this weekend. Their former coaches certainly seem excited.


#Brotherhood https://t.co/xUov6GGy8T


	Should the ball bounce the right way, even more former OSU players could return for the Super Bowl. Taylor Decker would gladly welcome that.


#Lions guard Jonah Jackson underwent surgery for a slight meniscus tear, per source. The former Pro Bowler is expected to miss the NFC championship game but can be back for the Super Bowl should the Lions advance.
	

	Even beyond Stroud, some ex-Buckeyes continue to generate buzz despite their own seasons coming to an early close.


		Excited for our guy @dawandj79 on being named to the PFWA All-Rookie offensive team!
		: https://t.co/S4anBccq4o pic.twitter.com/oowfsCZfId


	Meanwhile, back in Columbus, the men of scarlet and gray have already begun laying the foundations for the next campaign.


		Lab work pic.twitter.com/DMDLiwQyDC


		Fight to the pic.twitter.com/YyM4mDr84J


	Pivoting to basketball, D'Angelo Russell had himself quite a week for Los Angeles to the delight of LeBron James and his other Laker teammates.


		D'Lo had the hot hand in the Lakers' win against the Trail Blazers
		34 PTS
		8 AST
		6 3PM
		2 BLK pic.twitter.com/JbEYffvooV


	No exaggeration, you have to be playing with some serious sauce to get away with passing up an assist on the break to LBJ.


		DLo's around the back fake had the whole squad on their feet pic.twitter.com/C5j2DkYEtD


	Russell has unfortunately found himself a frequent trade piece throughout his NBA career. However, if he can maintain something close to this level of play into the next month, it may prove difficult for the Lakers to move on from D Lo a second time.


		D'Angelo Russell went off for 29 PTS (8 3PM) in the Lakers' win over the Bulls! pic.twitter.com/8lM1Aitnbh


	Of course, the biggest and brightest storyline surrounding Ohio State basketball in the last week had to be the women's team upsetting No. 2 Iowa and the reigning player of year Caitlin Clark in Columbus. You can relive the full triumph in cinematic fashion below.


		Ohio State vs Iowa Instant Classic pic.twitter.com/LvRbC5qQzi


	Cotie McMahon dropped 33 points in the overtime victory, and her herculean effort down the stretch resulted in a double-double as well as several national accolades throughout the week.


		Our @jerseymikes Naismith Womens College Player of the Week is Cotie McMahon
		The @ohiostatewbb forward led the Buckeyes to a 2-0 week, including a huge win against No. 2 Iowa
		McMahon exploded for a career-high 33 points against Iowa, and recorded her first double-double pic.twitter.com/yhx7jx63lK


		Cotie McMahon of Ohio State is The Associated Press national player of the week in women's college basketball. She scored a career-high 33 points and added 12 rebounds to help the Buckeyes beat No. 2 Iowa in overtime. https://t.co/5xgiNZzcU2 pic.twitter.com/e9V8cnN4uX


	On the men's side, Big Ten Network's widely acclaimed series The Journey spotlighted point guard Bruce Thornton this week.


		Not a lot of freshman PGs start every game in Year 1.
		Bruce Thornton did last season, thanks in large part to a mindset and work ethic his mother instilled in him.@BTNJourney spotlights the @OhioStateHoops star. pic.twitter.com/4Jxh2y7PG7


	Don't inquire about the Buckeyes' record in B1G road games dating back to last season, but feel free to ask Ohio State's head coach if he feels as strongly about Taylor Swift as Jared Sullinger did about Miley Cyrus and "Party in the USA."


		Chris Holtmann is a certified Swiftie.
		The @OhioStateHoops head coach chatted with @BigAntHerron about the Taylor Swift effect and his experience at her concert this past summer. #B1Gtoday pic.twitter.com/YGNutPRWLN


	Finally, Eleven Warriors expresses condolences and sympathies to the family of one of the most beloved Buckeye fans online: Tom Adelsberg.


		Wanted to share Toms obituary with everyone.
		O-H Tom! #RIPTOM #bekindtoeveryone #sothisisabouttohappen pic.twitter.com/s7VhkVm9TB


Scroll To Top 


	Fresh cotton and other wares at Eleven Warriors Dry Goods.


	Eleven Warriors is where Ohio State fans gather. As an independent site, we're committed to delivering Buckeye fans the news and analysis they deserve, all while remaining free.


	If supporting an indie site is your thing, please consider becoming a 12th Warrior, buying our merch, or contributing in other ways.


	Forged in Columbus, OH–IO.


	All systems operational.