By BETHAN SEXTON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  18:24, 27 January 2024   |  Updated:  18:30, 27 January 2024   
 41
View  comments
It may be an oasis for the rich and famous, but even the Beverly Hills elite can't escape planning laws.
Residents in the Californian city are still reeling after a major legal decision was handed down earlier this week limiting their ability to remodel their mansions.
The moratorium from Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Curtis A. Kin banned the well-heeled community from issuing construction permits to current residents after the city failed to pass an adequate affordable housing blueprint.
The city was supposed to plan for more than 3,100 new homes, most of them budget friendly, but the state of California denied the feasibility of the major plans. 
It means celebrity homeowners including the likes of billionaire Jeff Bezos, Leonardo DiCaprio and Jennifer Lawrence will have to hold off on adding pool grottoes and kitchen remodels.
Despite the new judgement, officials have decided to ignore the decision and have continued to issue permits to existing residents, while they try and work to overturn the decision.
Here DailyMail.com reveals ten of the most extravagant applications granted over the last year.  
This sprawling mansion in Beverly Hills was purchased by WhatsApp co-founder Jan Koum for a whopping $125million . He intends to add a basement spa to the sizeable property
The Ukrainian-born Koum, 44, sold WhatsApp to Facebook for $19.3billion in 2014 (pictured in January 2018 at Computer History Museum in California)
Jan Koum, co-founder of Whatsapp, had his application for a $100,000 basement spa at his $125 million Beverly Hills home approved in December.
The sunken wellness space will be incorporated into the 26,000-square-foot mansion, which boasts five bedrooms and 13 bathrooms.
The tech billionaire reportedly expanded his already impressive real estate portfolio by purchasing the property from Quibi founder Jeffrey Katzenberg.
As the property was sold off-market, details about it are scant. But aerial photos show the U-shaped home comes already comes equipped with a large infinity swimming pool with breathtaking vistas. 
The secluded home is located at the exclusive Loma Vista Drive at the end of a tree-lined driveway, featuring a spacious backyard and formal gardens.
The owners of actor Don Adams' former home opted to install a pool cabana, pizza oven and BBQ area at their $8.1 million home
The owners of an eight bedroom property on N Rexford Drive were given permission to install a two-bathroom pool cabana on January 11.
The facilities will add to the eight bathrooms already found within the 6,610 square foot house, which Zillow estimates to be worth around $8,105,100.
In addition to the cabana, the permit allows for construction of a pizza oven chimney, a bar area and a cozy fireplace with seating.
Al fresco dining is firmly on the menu as the plush home menu, with the addition of a dedicated outdoor dining space and BBQ area included as part of the $171,750 project.
The renovations come after a previously existing pool house was knocked down.
It is not currently known who owns the property, but it was once the home of actor Don Adams of Inspector Gadget fame. 
This sprawling five bed home was granted permission to add a tennis court complete with fence and lighting
The construction works to build a tennis court at Whittier Drive were projected to cost the owner(s) $50,000
Rather than waste time schlepping to their local tennis club, the owners of one sprawling $15 million five bed home have decided to construct their own.
The property last sold in 2021 according to Zillow, which estimates it has only gone up in value since.
The addition of the tennis court complete with enclosed fence and lighting is sure to boost it even more.
The property already features a pool, guest house and its own spa situated among it manicured gardens.
The project was slated to cost $50,000 with permission granted for the build at N Whittier Drive last year. 
Homeowners applied to install a three stop elevator at their $7 million 90210 abode
As well as high-end homes, Beverly Hills is home to some of the plushest hotels in the world. 
And now one homeowner in The Flats neighborhood has managed to capture the best of both worlds.
Permission was granted for a private, three stop elevator last year to help the owners navigate their four bedroom home, which is spread across two stories.
The structure was to be situated into an existing stairway at the home at a cost of $100,000.
The sprawling mansion is estimated to come in at just over $7 million, according to Zillow which also states the property has three bathrooms and 3,895 sqft of floor space.
Owners of this $38 million home were given a permit to construct a separate guest house along with a basement garage with space for 15 cars
The build was slated to cost around $1.5 million when the permit was granted last January
Supercars which often cost more than a year's wages are a common sight on the streets of Beverly Hills.
Buy for the super wealthy, only a private garage will do.
And for the owners of a property on N Roxbury Drive, space for no less than 15 is required, according to a construction permit granted in January last year.
The $1.5 million development will see a guest house constructed along with a basement garage which can accommodate more than a dozen vehicles.
With nine bedrooms and 13 bathrooms already found in the property, the new garage ensures everyone can find room to park with space left over for guests.
The structure is being added onto the opulent $38 million home.
This Spanish style home is hoping to continue the European feel by adding an Italian-style loggia porchway
Typically found in Italy, the addition of this open covered porch is sure to bring a touch of the Mediterranean to 90210. 
The grand architectural feature comprises of a covered exterior or corridor normally found on the upper level of a building.
Permission was granted for the construction of a loggia at a $2.1 million home last year.
The covered, detached structure features three sides open, across a total square footage of 167 square feet. 
Contractors estimated the cost of the build to be around $110,500.
The loggia was due to be added to a five bed home designed in a 'modern Spanish architectural style,' according to an application.
A permit was granted for construction of a $60,000 tranquil rooftop spa boasting sweeping views of the Hollywood Hills
Developers at a block of luxury condos recently applied to add a relaxing rooftop spa to their offering.
Residents of the 20 abodes, which start at $2.7 million and reach $6.7 million, can now take a dip in the elevated hot tub which looks out onto a stunning vista of the Hollywood Hills.
The project was due to cost $60,000, according to its planning application. 
The spa adds to a host of other amenities enjoyed by residents, including a professionally equipped fitness center, rooftop lounge and 24/7 concierge.
This grand $7 million home was granted a permit for construction of a home recording studio
Beverly Hills is home to a raft of famous singers, including Taylor, Swift, Katy Perry and Adele.
So it is perhaps no surprise to find a recording studio in amongst the last year's planning permits.
For aspiring performers, there is no greater luxury than a home studio.
The homeowner in this case planned on spending around $120,000 to execute their dream at their $7 million property.
They join the likes of DJ Calvin Harris and rocker Tommy Lee who have their own setups at home. 
One eco-conscious home owner requested permission to install a Tesla battery system
Owners of a home on Wallace Ridge Drive forked out $27,000 for the project after being granted permission last year
This integrated battery system stores solar energy for backup protection when the grid goes down to power Tesla vehicles, as well as other appliances.
Owners of a home on Wallace Ridge Drive were given permission to install the $27,000 power system last year.
The system, 'detects outages, powers your home and electric vehicle with backup energy and automatically recharges with sunlight to keep your appliances running for days,' according to the Tesla website.
It was scheduled to be in stalled at the $6.8 million home in the upscale neighborhood of Trousdale Estate. 
The 4,500sq ft. property sits on a large lot and boasts a sweeping view from downtown LA to Catalina. 
Hundreds of homes applied for permits to build pools, with one even requesting permission to install a 'cascading waterfall'
Among a sea of applications for new pools, one permit granted for a $3.1 million home stands out.
Featuring a 'cascading waterfall', the $50,000 pool renovation screams luxury.
And at around $16,000 more than the average cost to build a pool, it also screams Beverly Hills.
Experts also believe maintaining a pool can cost up to $150 per month, although this is little matter for many 90210 residents who typically earn around $21,000 more than the national average.
The permit was among at least 6,400 granted for all kinds of requests by Beverly Hills in 2023 and so far this year. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group