News | Nov 18, 2024 
news@summitdaily.com
Summit Fire & EMS recently honored a number of emergency responders, administrators and staff, including four employees who have served the organization and its predecessors for 25 years.
Deputy chief Brian Schenking, captain Todd Hebebrand, engineer Mark Nielsen and firefighter Jason Bell each received a commemorative bugle honoring 25 years of service given to emergency response in Summit County, according to a news release from the fire protection district.
Additionally, Battalion Chief Ryan Cole, Lt. Doug Beeler and engineers Jeremy Antemesaris and Tom Adams were presented with commemorative fire helmets in appreciation of 20 years of service, the release states.
Lt. Steven Wantuck was honored for 10 years of service, and Lt. Tyler Nelson, firefighters Aaron Baker and Chris Cuculis, Deputy Fire Marshal Scott Benson, compensation and benefits specialist Erin Mumma and administrative tech Ginger Hatton each were cited for five years of service.
Engineer Travis Sirek received the coveted Chief’s Award for his work in getting a new engine ready for service along with his jack-of-all-trades expertise working with mechanics, the release states.
Longtime EMS Coordinator Jill Ridenhour and wildland specialist Hannah Ohlson were presented with community awards for their work with the public, and wildland specialist Doug Lesch received a safety award for his tireless efforts to prepare our firefighters for battling wildfires.
Paramedic Matt Parker was presented with medals for earning his bachelor’s and master’s degrees, firefighter Sam Brunetta was honored for his master’s degree, paramedic Shauna Rial earned her bachelor’s degree, and Lt. Chris Romano, fire medic Kevin Chandler and fire medic Anthony Maurina were honored for earning associate’s degrees.
“Every year, we like to take a step back and reflect on the achievements of the members of Summit Fire & EMS as a way to show appreciation to the people who serve our community so well,” Chief Travis Davis said in a statement. “We should all celebrate their successes and be pleased that they are here for us.”

May 2, 2025


May 2, 2025


May 1, 2025


Apr 30, 2025


Apr 27, 2025


May 1, 2025


May 2, 2025


Apr 30, 2025


May 2, 2025


Apr 30, 2025

As a Summit Daily News reader, you make our work possible.
Summit Daily is embarking on a multiyear project to digitize its archives going back to 1989 and make them available to the public in partnership with the Colorado Historic Newspapers Collection. The full project is expected to cost about $165,000. All donations made in 2023 will go directly toward this project.
Every contribution, no matter the size, will make a difference.

Job Title: Chief Financial Officer (CFO) Location: Keystone Symposia, Silverthorne, CO Salary Range: $200,000 - $220,000 Keystone Symposia is seeking…


Employment Opportunities Summit County Government is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. To view a list of our employment opportunities, review…


Keystone Symposia is a local non-profit organization looking for a Staff Accountant to support our annual portfolio of ~55 scientific…


Part time position available, full charge bookkeeping and accounting position for small business serving the ski industry, located in Eagle,…


The Data Entry Specialist (DES) supports the financial health of the company by ensuring the fulfillment of targeted claim processing…


GRANTS MANAGER SUMMARY Responsible for the overall management of federal funding opportunities for a non-profit organization to support global conference...


The Upper Blue Sanitation District is seeking a highly motivated individual to be part of a successful professional team. Salary…


Chief Financial Officer (CFO) Keystone Symposia, Silverthorne, CO.  Position Overview Keystone Symposia is seeking a highly qualified and experie...


Ladybug Gardening is hiring part-time and full-time seasonal garden and landscape maintenance crew members for the summer season, running from…


IT Systems and CRM Lead Keystone Symposia is seeking an IT Systems and CRM Lead to join our team. The…

Sign up for daily and breaking news headlines.
Manage Subscriptions

Jobs


Classifieds


Place Legal Ad


Search Legal Ads


Autos


Real Estate


Rentals


Service Directory


Pets


Merchandise


Legals


Farm and Ranch


Recreation


Announcements


Contact us


About us


Submissions


Submit an Obituary


Submit an event


Submit a request to update a crime story


Summit Daily archive


Magazines


Newsletters


Summit Daily E-Edition


Summit County Journal


AP News


Cookie List


Do not sell my personal information


Commercial Print Sales


RSS


Work for us


Aspen – Snowmass


Craig – Moffat County


Glenwood Springs - Rifle


Steamboat Springs - Routt County


Vail - Eagle County


Winter Park - Granby - Grand County


Printing Press Jobs

©2005 - 2025 Swift Communications, Inc.