Ramy Youssef makes his "Saturday Night Live" debut this month.Michael Kovac | Getty Images
New Jersey actor and comedian Ramy Youssef made his film debut in the Oscar-nominated movie “Poor Things.”
Now he’s set to achieve another career first.
Youssef, 32, will be hosting “Saturday Night Live.”
“SNL” and the multi-hyphenate talent from Rutherford shared the news Saturday.
He will host the show March 30, when the musical guest will be Travis Scott.
The comedian stars alongside Emma Stone, Willem Dafoe and Mark Ruffalo in “Poor Things,” which won a Golden Globe for best comedy and is nominated for 11 Oscars, including best picture, at the 2024 Academy Awards Sunday.
In February, Youssef taped his second HBO stand-up comedy special, “More Feelings,” at White Eagle Hall in Jersey City. The special, his first filmed in Jersey, will premiere March 23.
Youssef, who is of Egyptian American heritage, has depicted Palestinian life in his work, including the Palestinian diaspora. The actor-comedian has been donating proceeds from his comedy shows to American Near East Refugee Aid (ANERA), a nonprofit that sends food and hygiene kits to people in Gaza who have been forced to flee and have lost their homes, and sends medical supplies to hospitals and clinics there.
Youssef won a Golden Globe in 2020 for lead actor in a comedy series for his performance in Hulu’s “Ramy.” He co-created and stars in the groundbreaking North Jersey-set series, which follows a Muslim Egyptian American family. The show, which debuted in 2019, has run for three seasons.
His star continues to rise as an actor, writer, director and producer through his work as a writer and director on “Ramy,” as a co-creator of the Netflix series “Mo” and as a director on the Emmy-winning FX/Hulu series “The Bear.” (Christopher Storer, creator of “The Bear,” who has also been a director and executive producer on “Ramy,” directed Youssef’s upcoming comedy special.)
Youssef, who presides over his Cairo Cowboy production company, is also co-creator and star of the upcoming animated series “#1 Happy Family USA,” which is headed to Amazon for two seasons and is co-produced by A24.
A post shared by ramy youssef (@ramy)
Thank you for reading. Please consider supporting NJ.com with a subscription.
Amy Kuperinsky may be reached at akuperinsky@njadvancemedia.com and followed at @AmyKup.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices