Taylor Swift arrives before the start of an NFL football game between the Kansas City Chiefs and the New Orleans Saints Monday, Oct. 7, 2024, in Kansas City, Mo. (AP Photo/Ed Zurga)
Taylor Swift shimmered in face glitter as she sashayed into Arrowhead Stadium Monday night to support boyfriend Travis Kelce and the Kansas City Chiefs.
The pop star was channeling her "Reputation" era in knee-high black leather platform booths and a black and gray plaid dress with pops of red as she and her father, Scott, went to a suite to watch the Chiefs take on the New Orleans Saints. 
Swift may be in Arrowhead Stadium tonight, but she'll make her way to the Big Easy in a few weeks to perform three Eras Tour concerts at the Caesars Superdome. 
But New Orleanians couldn't help but notice that her outfit seemed like she was ready for a night on Frenchmen Street. 
Swift usually wears Chiefs gear or bold red and yellow outfits to games, but Monday night's choice was very black cat to compliment Kelce, who gives us major golden retriever vibes.
Her edgy outfit featured more black and gold accents, with boots ready to stomp through the Fairgrounds for Jazz Fest and starry face glitter fit for a drag show at the AllWays Lounge, followed by dancing Gimme A Reason at Poor Boys in the Marigny.
Maybe it's just coincidence, or maybe Swift is just ready for Taylorween in New Orleans with thousands of her besties, friendship bracelets in hand. Maybe Saints owner Gayle Benson can grab a selfie with her before she departs Kansas City.
You can keep up with our Taylor Swift reporting here.
Email Justin Mitchell at justin.mitchell@theadvocate.com
Taylor Swift has introduced her boyfriend Travis Kelce to new foods over the course of their relationship, he revealed on his "New Heights" podcast alongside brother, Jason Kelce. The couple has dated for over a year now, and the pop star has introduced the Kansas City Chiefs' all-pro tight end to different dishes.
News Tips:newstips@theadvocate.com
Other questions:subscriberservices@theadvocate.com
Need help? 
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: