ByBill Hochberg
ByBill Hochberg,
 Contributor. 
Mural by Kenya D. Lawton of Jam Master Jay (Jason Mizell) Photo by Al Pereira/Getty Images/Michael ... More Ochs Archives)
Two men were convicted in federal court on Tuesday in Brooklyn of murdering Jason “Jam Master Jay” Mizell of the iconic hip hop act Run-DMC, even after the judge blocked the jury from hearing one of the defendant’s rap lyrics that suggested he was guilty.
Meanwhile in Atlanta, a judge has allowed Fulton County DA Fani Willis to use rap verses as the centerpiece of a racketeering trial against hip-hop mega-star Jeffery “Young Thug” Williams and five co-defendants.
Why were rhymes about crimes allowed as evidence in one case and denied in the other?
One reason may be the volume of incriminating evidence other than rap lyrics in each case. The Brooklyn jury heard evidence that had nothing to do with rap lyrics, including from eyewitnesses in Mizell’s recording studio when he was shot in the head.
But in the Fulton County courtroom, direct evidence, such as eyewitness testimony tying Young Thug to the Young Slime Life (YSL) street gang’s scary crime wave, is scarce.
A Hertz rental agreement, in Williams’ name, for an Infiniti Q50 sedan used in a 2014 drive-by shooting outside a barber shop is perhaps the strongest physical evidence. Donovan Thomas, allegedly a rival gang member and manager of rapper YFN Lucci (also accused of running a gang) was shot multiple times in the chest and died soon after at a nearby hospital.
Willis’ team is charging Williams and co-defendants with criminal racketeering under Georgia’s RICO Act, a conspiracy law that paves a path to the penitentiary for a defendant with far less direct evidence than required under the federal statutes used in the Jam Master Jay case.
It was a bumpier road in Brooklyn for prosecutor Artie McConnell, who needed to prove that Karl Jordan Jr. pulled the trigger in Mizell’s recording studio over a drug deal gone bad. And he couldn’t use rap lyrics where Jordan specifically boasted about drug dealing and shooting people in the head.
In Atlanta, Judge Ural Glanville ruled that rap lyrics and videos would be “conditionally admissible,” but the lyrics must be relevant to proving mens rea (consciousness that an act is illegal) or actus reus (an actual and specific crime). A rap song can’t be used only to show “bad character” or a defendant’s “propensity” to commit a crime, the judge ruled, but lyrics can be used to show “a gang’s organization and/or strength.”
So rap lyrics that appear to boast about a crime, recruit members or threaten potential witnesses might be admitted in the YSL trial.
Very different outcome than at the Brooklyn trial, where U.S. District Judge LaShann DeArcy Hall barred prosecutors from using any rap lyrics whatsoever in a rousing ruling issued on the eve of trial. Her order delves into rap’s cultural significance and socio-economic factors.
Judge DeArcy Hall wrote that “rap artists have become increasingly incentivized to create music about drugs and violence to gain commercial success, and will exaggerate or fabricate the contents of their music in pursuit of that success.” She also stated that “the Court must remain cognizant that ‘hip hop is fundamentally an art form that traffics in hyperbole, parody, kitsch, dramatic license, double entendres, signification, and other literary and artistic conventions to get it[’s] point across,’” quoting author and academic Michael Eric Dyson.
Prosecutors tried to admit Jordan’s rap song “Aim For The Head,” including the line “we aim for the head, no body shots, and we stick around just to see the body drop.”
But Judge DeArcy Hall blocked the jury from hearing it and stated, “The lyrics from Jordan's song have the same nexus to any other headshot murder that took place before the lyrics were written. But, of course, Jordan is not on trial for those crimes.” So the judge seems to be saying Jordan may well have shot a lot of people in the head, but since he didn’t name Mizell in the song, it’s inadmissible.
Nor did the judge’s ruling discuss the music video Jordan shot of himself dancing in front of a mural of Mizell, bragging about crimes but not specifically mentioning Mizell’s murder. “Music artists should be free to create without fear that their lyrics could be unfairly used against them at a trial,” the judge wrote. “Juries, too, should not be placed in the unenviable position of divining a defendant's guilt, in whole or in part, from a musical exposition with only a tenuous relationship to the criminal conduct alleged.”
Although Judge DeArcy Hall banned rap lyrics in the courtroom, she also paved the way for Jordan’s conviction by denying a defense motion for a mistrial. Defense attorneys claimed prosecutors’ leading questions improperly coaxed the girlfriend of co-defendant Ronald Washington to finger him. The judge struck the leading questions but allowed an open-ended Q&A.
Asked what Washington told her about Mizell’s murder, the witness answered: “Um, he just said that he killed him.”
That sentence, along with testimony from Mizell’s assistant Uriel “Tony” Rincon and manager Lydia High, both in the studio at the time of the killing, sealed Washington and Jordan’s fate without the need for rap lyrics.
These witnesses stayed silent for two decades. Rincon testified it was fear for his and his mother’s safety that kept him quiet until now. Mysteriously, surveillance cameras at the studio failed to work at the time of the killing.
Neither Jordan nor Washington took the stand.
The jury heard from others that Washington was Mizell’s childhood friend and Jordan grew up across the street from Mizell.. and was his godson.
Jordan released his “Aim For The Head” rap after the murder.
But Judge DeArcy Hall’s ruling protects that rap, and lyrics generally, from being used against a defendant, even when it’s a close call.
As pathologically violent as Jordan’s lyrics may be, they do not diverge from other psycho songs from present and past generations. For examples, Jordan’s lyrics seem no less psycho than, say, “Mac The Knife,” or, say, Mick Jagger’s 1969 “Midnight Rambler” lyric, with: “I’ll steal your mistress from under your nose... I’ll stick my knife right down your throat, baby, and it hurts.”
So why was Sir Mick knighted at Buckingham Palace while Young Yadi (Jordan’s stage name) and Young Thug languish behind bars?
Because a confession, whether sung at a police station or in a vocal booth, is never enough to convict. There has to be a “corpus delicti” or body of the crime, in addition to the confession. Jagger “never killed anybody” or had “something to do with” any dead body (to quote from Young Thug’s “Anybody” lyric), despite wild conspiracy theories about his dead bandmate Brian Jones.
Melodies about murder and mayhem – “the old ultra-violence” as the droogs called it in Stanley Kubrick’s classic A Clockwork Orange – sell well.
LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA - Young Thug attends Remy Martin Presents - Young Thug Birthday And Album ... More Release Celebration at Beauty & Essex on August 16, 2019. (Photo by Jerritt Clark/Getty Images for Remy Martin)
Young Thug’s low key, hoarse, cracking rapping style – oddly innocent-sounding even when describing ultra-violence – is featured on Number 1 Billboard-charting singles from Drake, Travis Scott and Camila Cabello, and his own albums have reached #1 on the Billboard 200 album charts in 2019 (So Much Fun) and 2021 (Punk).
Since May of 2022, Williams has been held without bail in Fulton County Jail, but that didn’t stop his 2023 album from soaring to #2 on the Billboard album chart.
That album is called Business Is Business, and judging from Williams’ windfall of top-charting releases, the Young Thug business is bustling still. A number one single can gross several million dollars and an album can make substantially more. For example, the 2013 #1 single “Blurred Lines” earned $16.7 million in profit reportedly. Sure that was a pop release, and thus more broadly licensable than a hardcore rap song, but Williams’ track record proves his legit business is big business even behind bars.
And that’s without the lucrative live performances, endorsement deals and other enriching ventures of a rap superstar that jail denies him. And if he loses the case, the same lyrics that launched his career like a Space-X Starship might lynch it, because he won’t be allowed to record music from a Georgia correctional facility. All the more reason why fans, free speech advocates and music business executives alike are eager for him to be acquitted and quickly. The unwieldy trial is expected to drag well into 2025. It took ten months just to empanel a jury.
The big business of rap is bonded in some ways to gang networks like the Bloods and Crips, as admitted by rappers Cardi B (Bloods) and Snoop Dogg (Crips), among others. The defense team says the Young Slime Life (YSL) gang, allegedly a branch of the Bloods, should not be confused with YSL (Young Stoner Life), a record label Williams owns with Warner Music Group’s 300 Entertainment division. Nor should it be confused with a third YSL, Yves Saint Laurent, which apparently has nothing to do with the case, but is so frequently referenced in rap that the acronym may be no accident.
One of the most remarkable episodes in the YSL trial came at the outset, when Judge Glanville recited the 88-page indictment to the jury pool, including 17 sets of rap lyrics. Reading the indictment to the jury pool is normal procedure. But this was not a normal indictment. For instance, it included these words from the song “Anybody.”
“I never killed anybody, but I got something to do with that body... I told them to shoot a hundred rounds... ready for war like I’m Russia... I get all types of cash... I’m a general.”
Judge Glanville also happens to be a Brigadier General in the Army Reserve who served as a military judge in Afghanistan. All the more remarkable how nonplussed he was in his reading of the rap, even when he recited an excerpt from the song “Slime Sh*t” that ends with the phrase “F**k the Judge.”
State court judges in California and New York must comply with newly enacted laws requiring they reject as evidence any rap or other creative expression that may merely suggest “a propensity for violence or general criminal disposition” (California’s language) without showing “a strong factual nexus... to the specific facts of the crime alleged.” (New York). Similar language appears in a pending federal bill called the RAP Act proposed by Jamaal Bowman (D-NY) and Hank Johnson (D-GA). And while neither judge Glanville nor judge DeArcey Hall are bound by any such law currently, their rulings reflect exactly the same reasoning, although they reached different outcomes.