The DJ line-up for Radio 2 in the Park, which is coming to Preston, has been revealed with Vernon Kay, Sara Cox and Rylan Clark among those announced


  The festival is coming to Moor Park in Preston, this September.


  Following the launch of the DJ stage, in addition to the main stage, at Radio 2 in the Park 2023 in Leicester, the ‘big top of bop’ returns for 2024 and plays host to many of the station’s presenters who will be spinning their favourite tunes to get the audience dancing.


  In addition to the Saturday and Sunday events, new this year is a pre-party on Friday, September 6 from 5-11pm, featuring Radio 2 presenters taking to the DJ stage to entertain 5000 revellers in the park and kick off the weekend in style.


  Bolton’s Vernon said: “Get ready to party Preston as I’m going to take you back in time for a sublime Dance Sounds of the 90s DJ set. See you there!”


  Sara, also from Bolton, said: “I am so excited to be joining our brilliant listeners in practically perfect Preston, sharing the fun and joy of Radio 2 in the Park with my very own Wower Hour, so make sure you prepare for some top teatime tunes!”


  DJ Spoony: “I’m breaking out of the studio and you can guarantee I'm bringing the best of the Good Groove with me to keep it cool in (hopefully!) sunny Preston.”


  Rylan Clark said: "Preston, get ready! I’ll be bringing you some of my favourite Rybiza Anthems to this year’s Radio 2 in the Park, so go get your dancing shoes on, and I’ll treat you all to some kaRyoke whilst I’m there!”


  Scott Mills: “I'm so ready to get onto that DJ stage in Preston and deliver you a Wonder Years set that you’ll love. Let’s start the weekend as we mean to go on. I need EVERYONE dancing no excuses.”


  Helen Thomas, head of Radio 2, says: “The debut of the Radio 2 DJ stage at last year’s Radio 2 in the Park in Leicester was a huge hit with all those who joined us for the weekend, so we’re bringing it to Preston and, due to popular demand, adding an extra special Pre-Party on the Friday. Radio 2 listeners love to party to great music, whatever their age, so we’re looking forward to kicking off the weekend’s festivities a day early this year.”


  DJ line-up for Radio 2 in the Park


Friday 6 September


  • DJ Spoony’s Good Groove


  • Rylan's Rybiza Anthems


  • Sara Cox’s Wower Hour


  • Scott Mills’ Wonder Years


  • Vernon Kay’s Dance Sounds of the 90s


Saturday 7 September


  • Dermot O'Leary's Alternative Sounds of the 90s


  • Jo Whiley's Shiny Happy Playlist


  • Michelle Visage's Handbag Hits


  • Romesh Ranganathan's For The Love of Hip Hop


  • Rylan's Rybiza Anthems


  • Scott Mills' Wonder Years


  • Tony Blackburn's Golden Years


Sunday 8 September


  • DJ Spoony's Good Groove


  • Gary Davies' Sounds of the 80s


  • Paddy McGuinness’ Sunday School Disco


  • Sara Cox's Wower Hour


  • Trevor Nelson's Rhythm Nation


  • Vernon Kay's Dance Sounds of the 90s


As previously announced Sting will headline on Saturday, September 7,with Pet Shop Boys topping the bill for Sunday 8 September.


  Fresh off the STING 3.0 tour, Sting (vocals, bass) will front his new power rock trio with long-time collaborator Dominic Miller (guitar) and dynamic drummer Chris Maas (Mumford & Sons, Maggie Rogers). They’ll be performing music from Sting’s timeless discography, including solo hits, surprise rarities and The Police classics.


  Pet Shop Boys will present their highly acclaimed Dreamworld: The Greatest Hits Live production - a set featuring classic hits and the latest singles from their best-selling new album, Nonetheless.


  The full line-up is:


Saturday 7 September


Sunday 8 September


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.