Kansas City Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce isn't finished pursuing greatness even though he's a three-time Super Bowl champion and a future first-ballot Hall of Famer.  
"Couple more Super Bowls," Kelce said while speaking for a partnership with the ZenWTR brand about what he wants to accomplish before he retires, as shared by Scott Thompson of Fox News. "I told you that feeling in the end zone is the greatest feeling. Man, hoisting that trophy at the end – that’s the mecca right there. The Vince Lombardi [Trophy] at the end of the year with my teammates and coaches and the fan base in Kansas City. That’s all I got my mindset on. Three more? That’s what I’m talking about. I’ll take six." 
Kelce recently became the NFL's highest-paid player at the position via a new two-year contract. However, it's believed either side could walk away from that deal after the 2024 season when he's 35 years old. Kelce has dealt with numerous physical setbacks throughout his career, continues to generate headlines due to his relationship with entertainment superstar Taylor Swift and teased this past fall that he thinks about retirement "nonstop."
For a piece published on May 10, Ryan Glasspiegel of the New York Post reported that the "New Heights" podcast co-hosted by Travis and brother Jason Kelce could head to Amazon’s Wondery via what Alex Weprin of The Hollywood Reporter previously said could be "an eight-figure deal." Additionally, Travis Kelce was named the host of Amazon’s "Are You Smarter Than a Celebrity?" show earlier this offseason.
Despite all that's going on in his life away from football fields, Travis sounds committed to at least trying to equal the six championship rings that Michael Jordan famously earned with the Chicago Bulls during the 1990s.
"Give me as many rings as Jordan's got, baby," Travis Kelce said during the exclusive ZenWTR interview. 
As of Monday afternoon, DraftKings Sportsbook listed the Chiefs as the betting favorites at +550 odds to win Super Bowl LIX. Kansas City is attempting to become the first team to three-peat as Super Bowl champions, but Kelce is also thinking about his legacy beyond what he'll have in his personal trophy case years from now. 
"I just wanna be known as somebody who was selfless and really wanted to make a difference in the communities he was playing in," Kelce added during his comments. 
Zac Wassink is a longtime sports news writer and PFWA member who began his career in 2006 and has had his work featured on Yardbarker, MSN, Yahoo Sports and Bleacher Report.  He is also a football and futbol aficionado who is probably yelling about Tottenham Hotspur at the moment and who chanted for Matt Harvey to start the ninth inning of Game 5 of the 2015 World Series at Citi Field.  You can find him on X at @ZacWassink
More must-reads:
Get the latest news and rumors, customized to your favorite sports and teams. Emailed daily. Always free!