The ultimate stage mom and dad!
When you're as famous as Taylor Swift, that means even your family is in the limelight. Taylor's parents Scott and Andrea Swift and her younger brother Austin have been there to support her every step of the way from the very beginning. Taylor's parents believed in her from a young age, and did everything they could to help her achieve her dreams. 
Last year, Scott and Andrea supported Taylor at several of her Eras Tour concerts. Scott even met Taylor's boyfriend Travis Kelce at her concert in Buenos Aires, Argentina, in November. Kelce even converted Scott to a Chiefs fan, so we think it's pretty serious. "Just one by one, getting all the good ones to come on over," Travis said on his podcast New Heights with Jason and Travis Kelce. This shocked even Travis's brother Jason, who replied, "What are we doing, Scott? You're gonna let this man's devilishly good looks and relationship with your daughter sway you from a lifetime of fandom, Scott? This is ridiculous." 
On Christmas Day, the entire Swift family, including Austin, Scott, and Andrea, attended a Chiefs game together. Scott and Travis's dad Ed Kelce were even seen chatting it up at Arrowhead Stadium. If you're not a seasoned Swiftie, here's what you need to know about Taylor's folks Scott and Andrea Swift. 
Scott and Andrea got married on February 20, 1988. They purchased an 11 acre Christmas tree farm in Wyomissing, Pennsylvania and raised their two children there until relocating to a different house in Wyomissing. Even in those days, Scott and Andrea were keenly aware of Taylor's aptitude for music. "She was always singing when she was 3, 5, 6, 7 years old. It's Taylor doing what she likes to do," Scott Swift told UDaily, the University of Delaware's newspaper in 2009. 
The family lived in Wyomissing until they made the move to Hendersonville, Tennessee, just outside of Nashville, for Taylor to pursue her music career in 2003. Before officially making the move, the Swift family took several trips to Nashville. "My mom waited in the car with my little brother while I knocked on doors up and down Music Row. I would say, 'Hi, I'm Taylor. I'm 11. I wanted a record deal – call me," Swift revealed to Entertainment Weekly in 2008. 
Both Andrea and Scott worked in finance before Taylor's career took off. Scott was a managing director at Merrill Lynch, while Andrea worked as a marketing manager at an ad agency, according to Women's Health. Fans often speculate this is where Taylor's knack for marketing herself comes from (think of all the Easter eggs). 
Taylor's parents even planned her name to give her the best chance of success in the business world. "My mom thought it was cool that if you got a business card that said 'Taylor' you wouldn't know if it was a guy or a girl. She wants me to be a business person in a business world," Taylor told Rolling Stone in 2009. 
Though the Swift family eventually moved to Nashville to help kickstart Taylor's career, Scott and Andrea never wanted Taylor to feel pressured to succeed in music. After initially visiting Nashville when she was 11, Taylor worked hard learning how to play the guitar and writing her own songs. The decision to make the move to Nashville was ultimately because of Taylor, but Scott was able to move his work to Tennessee at the same time. 
"I never wanted to make that move about her 'making it,"' Andrea told Entertainment Weekly in 2008. "Because what a horrible thing if it hadn't happened, for her to carry that kind of guilt or pressure around."
Though her concerns were quickly dismissed as, shortly after moving, Taylor became the youngest person ever signed by Sony/ATV publishing. In these early days, Andrea traveled with Taylor while Scott stayed home with her younger brother Austin. 
Taylor announced on Tumblr in 2015 that her mother, Andrea, was diagnosed with cancer. "This is something my family and I thought you should know about now," Taylor explained in her since deleted post, per PEOPLE. "I’m saddened to tell you that my mom has been diagnosed with cancer. I’d like to keep the details of her condition and treatment plans private, but she wanted you to know."
Sometime after this announcement, Andrea went into remission before her cancer later returned in 2019. Taylor wrote her song "Soon You'll Get Better" about her mother's struggle with cancer. 
"It's taught me that there are real problems and then there's everything else. My mom's cancer is a real problem. I used to be so anxious about daily ups and downs. I give all of my worry, stress and prayers to real problems now," Taylor wrote in a personal essay for Elle. 
At the start of 2020, Andrea was diagnosed with a brain tumor. "The symptoms of what a person goes through when they have a brain tumor is nothing like what we've ever been through with her cancer before," Taylor told Variety in 2020. Luckily, Andrea Swift seems to be doing much better today, and she is often seen at Taylor's concerts and other engagements.  
Maggie Horton is the Associate News Editor at Country Living. She covers all things entertainment from celebrity news to TV shows and movies. When she's not posting to social media, researching the latest celebrity gossip or binging the hottest new TV series, you can find her at a local concert or outside enjoying nature. 
Lainey Wilson Scores Feature Film Debut
How to Watch the 2025 Kentucky Derby
Beach Instagram Captions to Seas the Day
Kate Middleton Has a New Lighter Hair Color
Princess Charlotte's Birthday Portrait, by Kate
Shania Twain Fans Say She's "Glowing" in New Photo
Rare Photos of Every Triple Crown Winner
Funny Birthday Wishes, Knee Slaps Guaranteed
The Best Mother's Day Messages for the Best Mom
Short Mother-Daughter Quotes to Touch Her Heart
Trisha Yearwood Announces "New Chapter"
Meghan Markle Says That Prince Harry Saved Her
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.