By
Playboi Carti offered Rolling Loud fans a glimpse of his long-awaited album, but it left many craving more. 
The Atlanta rapper had promised to debut his highly anticipated I AM MUSIC during his headlining set at Rolling Loud Miami on Sunday, December 15. While he previewed several tracks, including collaborations with F1LTHY, Mike Dean, and Metro Boomin, fans hoping for the full project were left wanting.
The performance featured a lineup of new material, including a track with The Weeknd and a closer titled “Drugs Got Me Numb.” Carti also teased more on social media, sharing a snippet of a collaboration with Travis Scott on his @opium_00pium Instagram account. 
Although Carti has hinted at the album for years, his recent activity suggests a release may be imminent. Over the past months, he’s sporadically shared loose tracks on Instagram, heightening anticipation ahead of Rolling Loud’s 10th anniversary.
In November, Carti added fuel to the excitement, declaring, “MIAMI TEN YEAR ANNIVERSARY. I AM MUSIC WILL B PLAYED. KANT WAIT TO SEE YAL MFS NAH FR.” 
Rolling Loud co-founder Tariq Cherif amplified the hype with his own remarks. In an Instagram video shared Sunday, Cherif revealed details about Carti’s plans and even hinted at features. 
“When I got back from Thailand, Playboi Carti called me,” Cherif said. “We talked about the album, and he said, ‘Yo, I’m playing that s### at Rolling Loud.’ You saw him post it. I don’t know what he’s gonna do, but he told you he’s gonna play that s###.”
Cherif also shared his impressions of the album, having heard it during a FaceTime call. “That s### sounded amazing,” he said. “He’s got another one with a certain someone, and OUUUUU, that s### is crazy.”
Despite the previews, many fans left the festival disappointed. The promise of a full album reveal seemed to fade into a series of teasers. 
While the brief performances showcased Carti’s evolving artistry, they weren’t enough to satisfy the hunger of his dedicated followers. As the wait for I AM MUSIC continues, the intrigue surrounding its eventual release grows even stronger.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
Δ
Are you a HOT 97 VIP?  Unlock exclusive, VIP Only access to the latest news, offers, contests, events, and more.  There is no cost to join for a limited time.
Δ
#1 for Hip Hop
Copyright 2024 Hot 97