Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick’s sons Mason Disick and Reign Disick marked their birthdays on Dec. 15 and the Poosh founder gushed over her “special” boys on social media.
Kourtney Kardashians has not one, but two birthday boys.
The Kardashians star celebrated her and Scott Disick’s sons Mason Disick, 15, and Reign Disick, 10, on their birthday Dec. 15 with a tribute looking back on their bond. Among the adorable photos was Mason carrying his little brother on his back and followed with snaps of the boys in matching pajamas as they pose with Kourtney as well as solo shots from their respective toddler years.
“My birthday boys,” the 45-year-old—who is also mom to daughter Penelope Disick, 12, with Scott and son Rocky Thirteen Barker, 13 months, with her husband Travis Barker—wrote on Instagram Dec. 15. “So special to me it hurts my heart.”
Kourtney wasn’t the only person keeping up with the birthday wishes.
Khloé Kardashian wrote in the comments, “I still can’t believe they are born on the same day,” with Kim Kardashian adding," Happy Birthday Mason and Reign. I love youuuuuuu."
Kris Jenner—who the kids affectionately call Lovey—penned a sweet tribute to the birthday boys.
“Happy birthday to my two incredible grandsons, Mason and Reign! Our birthday twins!” she wrote in her post. “I still can’t believe the two of you share the exact same birthday. What a special blessing that connects you forever. You are both so deeply loved, and I am endlessly grateful to God for choosing me to be your grandma.”
Kris went on to celebrate the boys individually.
A post shared by Kourtney Kardashian Barker (@kourtneykardash)
“Mason, you are so kind, creative, smart, talented, and the best brother, son, grandson, cousin and friend,” she wrote. “Watching you grow up and become such a caring and wonderful young man is pure magic—you make us all so proud. Reign, you bring so much energy, laughter, and joy wherever you go. Your inquisitive mind and vibrant personality light up every room. You’re smart, funny, and full of so much love, and I feel blessed to witness the amazing little person you’re becoming.”
“You fill my life with so much pride and happiness, and I love you both with every bit of my heart and soul,” she continued. “I’m so proud of the incredible boys you are and excited for the amazing futures you both have ahead of you!”
In addition to the sweet birthday wishes, Mason also got a show-stopping gift from his dad.  A mini version of the Mercedes-Benz G-Class Wagon.
"Happy birthday big boy!" Scott, who celebrated Reign’s birthday with a trip to a Los Angeles Rams game, wrote on his Instagram Stories, alongside a photo of the smaller vehicle parked next to several other cars. "Felt like it was only fair 4 you 2 get your first g wagon even if it’s a mini g wagon it’s still a wagon! Love u son!!!!!! Let the good times roll."
The 41-year-old added, "Gotta be the coolest little wagon I have ever seen! You deserve every inch of it! Love you more than anything in life."
Keep reading for more sweet moments between Kourtney and her kids…
A Fashionable Family
Kourtney and Travis took Alabama to Tommy Factory's New York Fashion Week show in September 2022.
Mom & Me Mirror Selfie
Penelope Disick—who Kourtney and ex Scott Disick share alongside sons Mason Disick and Reign Disick—appeared with her mother in a vacation selfie from Australia.
Australian Summer
Reign and Penelope enjoyed some fun in the sun during their family trip to Australia for Blink-182's tour.
Kravis Down Under
Kourtney and Travis enjoyed some touristy activities in Australia.
Boys Club
In honor of Landon's 20th birthday in October 2023, Kourtney shared a throwback photo from 2017 of the then-teenager hanging out with Mason.
Alabama snaped a silly selfie with half-sister Atiana, as well as Kourtney and Penelope, during the Kardashians star's May 2022 wedding with Travis.
Kourtney took a break from her wedding festivities in to pose for a selfie with Alabama in May 2022.
Meet the Kardashian-Barkers
Travis took Alabama, Landon and Atiana to the premiere of The Kardashians in April 2022. Meanwhile, Kourtney was joined by Reign.
Front Row
Kourtney's oldest son Mason tagged along with Alabama and Atiana to Travis and Kourtney's front row outing at the AMIRI fashion show in February 2022.
Celebrating Dad
Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker was joined by Landon Barker—who he and ex Shanna Moakler share alongside daughter Alabama Barker and stepdaughter Atiana De La Hoya—at GQ's Men of the Year party in November 2022.
Kourtney shared a close up of this sweet throwback of Alabama and Penelope for Alabama's 17th birthday.
Kourtney, Travis, Alabama, Atiana, Landon and Reign posed at Disneyland in April 2022. 
The group spent the day at the Happiest Place on Earth in honor of Kourtney's 43rd birthday.
Landon, Atiana and Kourtney bonded over a fun snapshot.
Penelope the artist! Travis shared her drawing of him in March 2022.
On Christmas Eve 2021, the Kardashian-Jenners joined the Barkers for a night of celebrations.
Travis and Penelope enjoy a game of checkers, while Kourtney and matriarch MJ Houghton watch the pair.
For Alabama's 16th birthday in December 2021, Kourtney and Travis surprised her with balloons that spelled out "BAMA 16."
Travis wrote in caption, "I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!!!"
Travis appeared with Kourtney and Penelope in a TikTok video posted on the mom-and-daughter duo's joint account.
"So happy for you guys," Travis' daughter Alabama wrote on a photo celebrating the couple's engagement. "I love u both!"
Landon joined his dad and Kourtney for some Halloween 2021 fun at Knott's Scary Farm in Southern California.
Kourtney recruited her son Mason for a trip to Universal Studios' Halloween Horror Nights with Travis and his daughter Alabama in 2022.
Atiana posed as the Bride of Frankenstein to Reign's Frankenstein during the spooky outing.
Kourtney's daughter Penelope rocked a devil costume as the crew headed to the Los Angeles immersive jack-o-lantern experience Nights of the Jack.
During their Nights of the Jack adventure, Alabama captured Travis and Penelope sharing a sweet moment as he walked around carrying her on his shoulders.
Even before they were dating, Travis and Kourtney were friends for years. Just look at this throwback photo of Mason, Landon, Alabama and Penelope from 2017.
Talk about a sweet birthday present! Travis gifted Kourtney's daughter Penelope a state-of-the-art drum set when she turned nine back in July 2021.
What better place to spend the Fourth of July 2021 than Disneyland? The happy couple celebrated the holiday there with Landon, Alabama and Reign.
Atiana opted to twin with Kourtney in matching snow gear during their first family trip together in Deer Valley, Utah, in April 2021.
Who needs to hit the slopes when you've got snowmobiles? Alabama joined in on the fun in this candid snap of her, Kourtney and Atiana.
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.