"Two individuals were aggressively pushing their way towards Taylor, grabbing at her security personnel," a rep for Swift tells PEOPLE in a statement
Melody Chiu is an Executive Editorial Director at PEOPLE overseeing Entertainment, Books and Events. With the brand since 2009, she has written cover stories on Taylor Swift, Selena Gomez, John Legend, Sandra Oh, House of Horrors survivor Jordan Turpin and more. Chiu oversees all of PEOPLE's entertainment verticals, as well as events strategy and live red carpet coverage for awards season. She graduated from the University of Southern California and has appeared on Today, The Talk, Good Morning America and more.
 A spokesperson for Taylor Swift is addressing reports the pop superstar's dad Scott was involved in an altercation with an Australian photographer early Tuesday morning.

 "Two individuals were aggressively pushing their way towards Taylor, grabbing at her security personnel, and threatening to throw a female staff member into the water," Swift's rep tells PEOPLE in a statement.

 On Tuesday morning local time, Australia's Sky News reported that Scott, 71, had been accused of assaulting a photographer on Sydney's North Shore hours after her latest performance.

 In a statement to PEOPLE, police — who could not confirm the identities of those involved — said they were investigating an "alleged assault after a 71-year-old man allegedly assaulted a 51-year-old man at Neutral Bay Wharf" around 2:30 a.m. local time on Tuesday.

 "The younger man reported the incident and inquiries are now underway by officers attached to North Shore Police Area Command. The man did not require medical treatment," according to police.

 Scott has been a familiar face at his daughter's record-breaking tour since it first kicked off last spring. Over the weekend he was seen handing out food to fans and mingling with Swift's boyfriend, Travis Kelce, and actor Rebel Wilson in the VIP tent.

Dimitrios Kambouris/Getty; Alo Ceballos/GC Images
 Swift, 34, wrapped up her fourth and final Eras Tour show at Sydney's Accor Stadium Monday night. "We have had the most wonderful time. I've got to tell you that," the Grammy winner said onstage. "You are here in one of the most exciting cities in the world, and you chose to hang out with us. Thanks guys!"

 Ahead of opening night last March, Swift shared a photo of a backstage "pass" she had made for Scott.

 "D.O.H. Pass (Dad of Headliner)," read the "all access" pass. "Made my Dad's tour credential," Swift captioned the snap. "We are a small family business."

 Scott — along with Swift's mom Andrea and brother Austin — also accompanied Swift to the Super Bowl, where they cheered on Kelce and the Kansas City Chiefs as they took home another championship.

 Swift then jetted to Melbourne, where she played a string of three shows that drew 288,000 fans. “96,000 people the first night, 96,000 people the second night, 96,000 people tonight. All of that, those are all the biggest shows I’ve ever played on a tour and you did it three times," Swift wrote on X (formerly Twitter).

 After a short break following the Australia leg of her tour, the singer is set to be back onstage March 2 in Singapore, where she is scheduled to perform six shows.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)