Sign up for your daily dose of dope.
Kylie Jenner spurred speculation about a possible engagement to Timothée Chalamet after fans noticed a huge diamond on her ring finger.
May 31 2024, Published 4:30 p.m. ET
Kylie Jenner fueled speculation about a possible engagement to Timothée Chalamet after the billionaire beauty was spotted with a huge diamond on her ring finger this week, RadarOnline.com has learned. We have reached out to Kylie's rep for comment. 
The cosmetics maven, 26, and Call Me By Your Name actor, 28, have kept a low profile since becoming romantically linked more than a year ago, sending the rumor mill into overdrive.
The Kardashians returned to Hulu for its third season last week, and Chalamet has not made an appearance on the reality show. 
Fans were quick to point out the shiny bling Kylie was flaunting in the latest episode of The Kardashians.
On Thursday's episode, Kylie met up with her sister, Khloe Kardashian, 39, and fans were quick to point out the flashy jewelry she was flaunting. The reality star appeared to have a gold band on the ring finger of her right hand — which she fiddled with during the chat — and a glittering rock on her left.
The pair had a heartfelt talk about where Kylie stood with her ex-best friend Jordyn Woods. The former close pals had a falling out in 2019 after news surfaced that Jordyn kissed Khloe's ex, Tristan Thompson.
Kylie recounted seeing Jordyn at Paris Fashion Week, and revealed they were speaking "once a month." She expressed feeling like they had "more healthy distance in the relationship."
The rumor mill has been churning since Kylie and Timothée were first romantically linked more than a year ago. 
"What I do love now is that the narrative about us online is now over," she told her sister. Khloe assured her that she "never had an issue" with Kylie remaining friends with Jordyn.   
The U.S. Sun noted fans rushed to the conclusion that Kylie's bling signified forthcoming wedding bells, writing in the comments, "Does Kylie have a wedding ring on?" and "So happy for Kylie! She's getting married!"
Kylie recently shut down pregnancy rumors. 
Late last month, sources told Us Magazine the on-and-off couple were navigating a long-distance relationship while Timothée was busy filming his upcoming Bob Dylan biopic, A Complete Unknown.
An insider said, "Kylie and Timothée have been keeping in touch while he’s been in Manhattan filming and are still together." 
Timothée has been busy filming his upcoming Bob Dylan biopic, and the pair have been navigating a long-distance relationship, according to insiders.
Daily updates from the heart of Hollywood, right to your inbox
By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you’re agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
Kylie also recently shut down rumors that she was expecting a third child, after fans assumed she was pregnant when she wore a black hoodie and sweatpants to her aunt's funeral. The former E! star has two children with Travis Scott, 33.
In January, Kylie and Timothée were spotted at the Golden Globes, marking their first awards ceremony appearance together.
Email us at tips@radaronline.com
It's all over all right. On May 14, just one day before news broke that Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez are allegedly headed toward a divorce, the singer was spotted house-hunting on her own in Beverly Hills, RadarOnline.com revealed.
BY Aaron Johnson
Clint Eastwood has hit his “frankly, I don’t give a damn” moment in life!
BY Radar Staff
Tom Cruise is living up to his Top Gun image by splashing a fortune choppering his new female “best pal” around Britain – after he “fell in love” with the way she's overcome her disability.
BY Aaron Tinney
More From Radar Online
Opt-out of personalized ads
© Copyright 2025 RADAR ONLINE™️. A DIVISION OF MYSTIFY ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK INC. RADAR ONLINE is a registered trademark. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy. People may receive compensation for some links to products and services. Offers may be subject to change without notice.