By 

	Ethan Millman


Kendrick Lamar‘s scorching diss aimed at J. Cole and Drake has pushed “Like That,” the single from Metro Future and Metro Boomin‘s We Don’t Trust You, atop Billboard’s Hot 100 chart, the publication announced on Monday.

We Don’t Trust You takes four of the Top 10 for its opening week, with “Type Shit” featuring Playboi Carti and Travis Scott taking second, “Cinderella” also featuring Travis Scott coming in at Number Six, “We Don’t Trust You” taking eighth and “Young Metro” with The Weeknd taking ninth. 

	“Like That” opened with 59.6 million streams, along with another 9,000 thousand traditional sales, according to Luminate. “Like That” dethroned Teddy Swims’ “Lose Control” which fell to Number Four. Hozier’s “Too Sweet” debuts at Number 5. Benson Boone’s Beautiful Things, Number 2 last week, took the third slot. 

	“Like That” quickly went viral thanks mainly to Lamar’s slights toward Cole and Drake, widely considered the other two biggest rappers of their generation. “Fuck sneak dissin’, first person shooter,” Lamar rapped, referencing Drake and Cole’s collaborative single from For All The Dogs. “Fuck the big three, it’s just big me,” Lamar also said, likening the feud to that of Prince and Michael Jackson’s. 

	











	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	








	While Lamar’s diss was the most blatant, fans have speculated that both Future and Metro had also taken some shots at Drake on the album. “Like That” spent much of last week atop Apple Music and Spotify’s charts as well. Drake seemed to lightly address the diss last week during a concert in Florida, telling the crowd that “I got my head up high, my back straight, I’m ten fuckin’ toes down… and I know no matter what there’s not another n***a on this Earth that could ever fuck with me.”

	Future and Metro now dominate both the Hot 100 and Albums charts as We Don’t Trust You opened with over 250,000 units, per Luminate, besting Ariana Grande’s Eternal Sunshine as the biggest debut of 2024 so far. That distinction will be short-lived, however, as Beyoncé will almost certainly eclipse that figure next week with her country-tinged Cowboy Carter. The question is just how big a debut Queen Bey will garner. Renaissance opened with about 332,000 units in 2022. 
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.