By SONIA HORON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  08:08, 12 February 2024   |  Updated:  09:04, 12 February 2024   
 37
View  comments
Kim Kardashian had blast at the Super Bowl in Las Vegas on Sunday, where she was seen enjoying the halftime show with sister Khloe and pal Hailey Bieber. 
The SKIMS founder, 43, danced with her younger sister, 39, and Justin Bieber's wife, 27, as they enjoyed Usher's, 45, thrilling performance. 
Khloe shared a number of clips to her Instagram Stories, where the ladies  grooved to the music, while also flashing money with Usher's face on it. 
Meanwhile Lizzo, 35, took the opportunity to debut a new fiery haircut in a number of posts from the game.
The Kansas City Chiefs ultimately beat out the slight favorite San Francisco 49ers, 25-22, as Patrick Mahomes threw a three-yard game-winning touchdown pass to Mecole Hardman in overtime. 
Kim Kardashian had blast at the Super Bowl in Las Vegas on Sunday, where she was seen enjoying the halftime show with sister Khloe and pal Hailey Bieber 
The SKIMS founder, 43, danced with her younger sister, 39, and Justin Bieber 's wife, 27, as they enjoyed Usher's, 45, thrilling performance
Meanwhile Lizzo, 35, took the opportunity to debut a new fiery haircut in a number of posts from the game
Khloe and her sister matched in black t-shirts, with Kim also sporting a black hat for the event.
'Usher you were amazing!!!' Khloe praised the singer in her clip. 
They were also joined by younger half-sister model Kendall, 28, and pal La La Anthony, 41. 
Meanwhile Lizzo showed off her outfit and her hair before the Super Bowl and while at the game.
She rocked a blunt cut burgundy mullet, with bangs in the front, and flowing long hair in the back.
She shared a clip to her Instagram with her game day fit, which saw her wearing a white crop top, tiny black shorts, and fishnet stockings.
The singer accessorized the look with a long black and blue leather coat and boots.
'GOING TO THE USHER CONCERT,' she captioned the clip.
She also shared another post with more snaps, captioned '4th superbowl ✅.' 
Khloe shared a number of clips to her Instagram Stories, where the ladies grooved to the music, while also flashing money with Usher's face on it
Khloe and her sister matched in black t-shirts, with Kim also sporting a black hat for the event
'Usher you were amazing!!!' Khloe praised the singer in her clip
Khloe shared that Hailey was sitting by her 
They were also joined by younger half-sister model Kendall, 28
Kim showed off her Usher money
Meanwhile Lizzo showed off her outfit and her hair before the Super Bowl and while at the game
She rocked a blunt cut burgundy mullet, with bangs in the front, and flowing long hair in the back
She shared a clip to her Instagram with her game day fit, which saw her wearing a white crop top, tiny black shorts, and fishnet stockings
The singer accessorized the look with a long black and blue leather coat and boots
'GOING TO THE USHER CONCERT,' she captioned the clip
She enjoyed the game with her pals
Chris Pratt, 44, shared a cute video of his wife Katherine Schwarzenegger, 34, and her mom Maria Shriver dancing to Usher's halftime show.
'When Usher sang "Don't leave your girl around me" was he talking to me?"' Pratt joked in the caption.
Paris Hilton, 42, shared a snap of herself in a pink cheerleader outfit writing, 'Me on Super Bowl Sunday - because no one gets to be the center of attention in my living room, except me!' 
Lady Gaga, 37, who attended the show with boyfriend Michael Polansky, shared a snap from the halftime show. 
Sofia Vergara, 51, enjoyed game day at a neighbors party, and shared a number of snaps.
She looked chic as ever in a white silk top, ripped blue jeans, and a maxi yellow coat.
The Griselda star accessorized with a yellow Chanel purse.
Chrissy Teigen, 38, posted a cute snap with her sons writing, 'Learning about quarterbacks with my boys.' 
Chris Pratt, 44, shared a cute video of his wife Katherine Schwarzenegger, 34, and her mom Maria Shriver dancing to Usher's halftime show
'When Usher sang "Don't leave your girl around me" was he talking to me?"' Pratt joked in the caption
Katherine danced while watching the show on TV
Paris Hilton, 42, shared a snap of herself in a pink cheerleader outfit writing, 'Me on Super Bowl Sunday - because no one gets to be the center of attention in my living room, except me!'
Lady Gaga, 37, who attended the show with boyfriend Michael Polansky, shared a snap from the halftime show 
Sofia Vergara, 51, enjoyed game day at a neighbors party, and shared a number of snaps
She looked chic as ever in a white silk top, ripped blue jeans, and a maxi yellow coat
She was joined by a number of friends 
The Griselda star accessorized with a yellow Chanel purse
She showed off the snacks at the bash
Chrissy Teigen, 38, posted a cute snap with her sons writing, 'Learning about quarterbacks with my boys'
Blake Shelton, 47, accompanied wife Gwen Stefani, 54, to the event
Sarah Michelle Gellar, 46, shared her support for the Chiefs, sporting their vintage hoodie
Drake, 37, looked thrilled after he placed a bet of $1.15 million on Swifties-backed Kansas City Chiefs to win at the Super Bowl
'I can't bet against the Swifties,' he wrote in the caption, alongside a photo of his betting slip
He enjoyed the game with some chilled beverages 
Dylan Sprouse, 31, was joined by wife Barbara Palvin, 30, for the game
Dylan also shared a snap of Usher money
Janelle Monáe, 38, rocked all red while supporting the Chiefs
She posed in front of the field
'Let's go!!' she wrote over a clip of herself at the game 
Selling Sunset star Chrishell Stause shared a sizzling Super Bowl throwback but said she was sitting this one out
Sister duo Chloe, 25, and Halle Bailey, 23, stunned at the game
Chloe took the plunge in a low-cut black catsuit and black leather jacket
Halle looked chic in a black bra which she paired with trendy blue jeans and a jean coat with a stylish fur collar
'Me & my twin at the super bowl,' she wrote on a clip 
Scheanna Shay posed in front of the field
Olivia Munn said she was watching the show on an iPad in bed 
Kylie Jenner's ex Travis Scott shared a throwback snap with Travis Kelce
Jimmy Kimmel posted a hilarious snap from bed
Twilight star Ashley Greene, 36, shared a Super Bowl selfie on Instagram 
Boxing champion Floyd Mayweather Jr., 46, watched the action on the field 
Marcus Jordan was joined by legendary father Michael Jordan as they watched the game together
He took a poll on who would win
Simu Liu, 34, announced that it was 'game time' 
Atiana De La Hoya joked about 'hot' Super Bowl commentators 
Lisa Rinna's daughter Delilah Belle Hamlin wrote, 'I understand sports' 
Mindy Kaling baked some football-shaped cookies for the occasion
Twilight actor Taylor Lautner shared a snap of his view 
Ariana Grande shared a snap of her nails 
Mandy Moore posted a throwback photo from filming a Super Bowl episode of This Is Us 
Actor Billy Porter, 54, shared that Diana Ross was his favorite ultimate halftime show moment 
Dylan Sprouse, 31, was joined by wife Barbara Palvin, 30, for the game. 
Blake Shelton, 47, accompanied wife Gwen Stefani, 54, to the event.
Sarah Michelle Gellar, 46, shared her support for the Chiefs, sporting their vintage hoodie.
Drake, 37, looked thrilled after he placed a bet of $1.15 million on Swifties-backed Kansas City Chiefs to win at the Super Bowl.
'I can't bet against the Swifties,' he wrote in the caption, alongside a photo of his betting slip.
Janelle Monáe, 38, rocked all red while supporting the Chiefs.
'Let's go!!' she wrote over a clip of herself at the game.
Sister duo Chloe, 25, and Halle Bailey, 23, stunned at the game.
Chloe took the plunge in a low-cut black catsuit and black leather jacket. Halle looked chic in a black bra which she paired with trendy blue jeans and a jean coat with a stylish fur collar.
Tylor Swift, 34, kissed boyfriend Travis Kelce, 34, after the Chiefs won the Super Bowl 
Thei beat out the slight favorite San Francisco 49ers, 25-22, as Patrick Mahomes threw a three-yard game-winning touchdown pass to Mecole Hardman in overtime
'Me & my twin at the super bowl,' she wrote on a clip. 
Twilight star Ashley Greene, 36, shared a Super Bowl selfie on Instagram. 
Boxing champion Floyd Mayweather Jr., 46, watched the action on the field in an Instagram snap.
Actor Billy Porter, 54, shared that Diana Ross was his favorite ultimate halftime show moment.
At the end of the game a euphoric Travis Kelce kissed girlfriend Taylor Swift on the field in Las Vegas after winning a breathtaking Super Bowl for the Kansas City Chiefs against San Francisco 49ers.
Swift blew kisses to Kelce as he screamed 'VIVA LAS VEGAS' in a victory speech with his hands on the Vince Lombardi trophy.
As soon as he left the stage, Kelce made his way straight over to Swift. He hugged his mom Donna first before he passionately embraced his pop star girlfriend.
'Come here, girl,' Kelce appeared to call out to Swift, who herself looked close to tears, before they hugged and kissed.
The singer had raced back to Vegas from Tokyo, Japan where she had played four straight nights on her Eras Tour. 
Usher dug through 30 years of hits as he headlined Super Bowl LVIII on Sunday at Allegiant Stadium in Las Vegas
The legendary sex symbol stripped off his shirt to showcased his impressive abs
He was joined by Alicia Keys for his performance 
Kelce, meanwhile, faced a build-up like no other to the biggest game of them all with relentless questions about his girlfriend and the relationship that has taken the world by storm since they went public at a Chiefs game back in September. 
Meanwhile Usher took to the stage for the halftime show at Super Bowl LVIII.
The 45-year-old R&B was putting on a major showcase of his decades of hits. But Usher nearly derailed the performance when he came out on roller skates and almost took a tumble while zooming around the stage and trying to skate under Black Eyed Peas member will.i.am's legs.
The legendary sex symbol — who was joined by stars including Alicia Keys, H.E.R., Lil John, Ludacris, will.i.am and Jermaine Dupri — course corrected by giving the fans what they wanted and stripping off his shirt to showcased his impressive abs.
Taylor Swift's lucky number 13 may have helped her boyfriend Travis Kelce achieve his latest Super Bowl victory.  
The Bad Blood hitmaker, 34, will be cheering the athlete, 34, and his Kansas City Chiefs team to victory in Las Vegas, at what will mark the 13th Chiefs game Taylor has attended.
13 is the singer's lucky number, and she previously revealed that almost every 'good thing' that happened to her took place after a '13 came up in her life.'
Now fans have noted a number of connections that link the Super Bowl to the superstar's favorite number.
As many insisted the number pointed to the Chiefs taking home the trophy,  Dailymail.com takes a look at intriguing links between Swift's favorite digit and the upcoming NFL event. 
Taylor Swift's lucky number 13 may have helped her boyfriend Travis Kelce achieve his latest Super Bowl victory
Swift kissing her boyfriend after the Chiefs defeated the Baltimore Ravens game last month  
Swift has long been obsessed with the number 13 - she was born on December 13 and used to draw the digit on her hand before every performance; She's seen in March 2011
THE SUPER BOWL LVIII WAS THE 13TH GAME SHE HAD ATTENDED 
Prior to the Super Bowl, Swift had gone to a total of 12 Kansas City Chiefs games, starting with her appearance at the Chiefs vs. Chicago Bears game on September 24, 2023.
The last game she attended before the Super Bowl was the Championship game on January 28, where the Chiefs beat the Baltimore Ravens and secured the team's spot at the Super Bowl.
Swift previously discussed her connection to the number 13, saying in an interview with Rolling Stone, 'I was born on the 13th, I turned 13 on Friday the 13th, my first album went gold in 13 weeks. Also, my first song that ever went number 1, it had a 13 second intro, I didn't even do that on purpose!'
'And every time I've ever won an award at an award show, I've either been seated in the 13th row, or row M, which is the 13th letter. And when I won the Horizon Award at the CMA awards, the producer came up to me when I was sound-checking and he said, "Alright, we're gonna go in 13 seconds!" There are so many numbers!"
'Basically whenever a 13 comes up in my life, it's a good thing.' 
At the time she also shared she paints the number of her hand prior to shows.
The Super Bowl marked the 13th Chiefs game Taylor had attended; She is seen with 13 on her hand in 2009
Prior to the Super Bowl, Swift had gone to a total of 12 Kansas City Chiefs games, starting with her appearance at the Chiefs vs. Chicago Bears game on September 24, 2023 (pictured)
SHE HAD TO TRAVEL 13 HOURS TO GET THERE 
The star made a mad dash from Tokyo, Japan, where she was at for her Eras Tour stop, to make it to Las Vegas on Sunday, in order to watch her boyfriend battle for football's ultimate prize. 
Coincidentally, the amount of hours that the superstar will have to spend in air in order to make it to the game is 13.
She performed in Tokyo on February 10 - one day before the Super Bowl - and it's about a 13-hour flight from the Asian country to Las Vegas. 
'The stars are aligned,' one person wrote while discussing all of the coincidences. 
The star made a mad dash from Tokyo, where she was on her Eras Tour stop (pictured Wednesday), to make it to Vegas on Sunday, with her flight 13 hours long
IT WAS THE 58TH SUPER BOWL, AND IT WAS HELD ON FEBRUARY 11 
Many fans were quick to point out that this is the 58th Super Bowl.
When combined, five and eight equal 13. 
Others have also noticed that the event will be held on February 11, and if you add up the month and day together, it also comes out to 13. 
This will be the 58th Super Bowl. When combined, five and eight equal 13. The event was held on February 11, and if you add up the month and day together, it also comes out to 13; Swift seen in 2011 with 13 on her hand
TRAVIS' JERSEY NUMBER IS 87, WHICH IS 100 MINUS 13
Travis' jersey number is 87 (which is 100-13).
He's gained 262 yards and scored three touchdowns during his postseason, which equals 13 when put together.
Travis' jersey number is 87 (which is 100-13); He is pictured warming up in practice in Las Vegas on February 7
THE CHIEFS FACED OFF AGAINST THE 49ERS, FOUR PLUS NINE EQUALS 13
The team that the Chiefs faced off against was the 49ers.
The two digits in the team name also add up to Taylor's coveted number. 
THE CHIEFS FIRST PLAYOFF GAME WAS ON JANUARY 13
The team's first playoff game took place on January 13. 
Swift attended the game, and waved at celebrating Kansas City Chiefs fans as she sat next to Kelce's mom Donna and Brittany Mahomes at Arrowhead Stadium.
The Karma singer watched her boyfriend beat Miami 26-7 in the NFL playoffs. 
The Chiefs' first playoff game occurred on January 13; Swift seen celebrating with fans at the game
Fans pointed out the intriguing connections on social media
THE STADIUM'S CONNECTION TO 13
The game took place at Allegiant Stadium, home to the Las Vegas Raiders, who were picked 13th in the NFL draft. 
Social media users also noted that the 49ers were the number one seed in the NFC, while the Chiefs dominated the third spot - and when you put their two rankings together, you get 13. 
RECENT 13TH GRAMMY WIN 
At the Grammy awards on Sunday, she actually brought up her love for the digit after winning Album of the Year. 'This is my 13th Grammy. 13 is my lucky number, I don't know if I ever told you that,' she joked on stage during her acceptance speech
While she no longer performs with the number etched onto her skin, it's still very prominent in her life.
She released her recent Eras Tour concert movie on October 13, and charged $13.13 for children's tickets to it.
Not to mention that at the Grammy awards on Sunday, she actually brought up her love for the digit after winning Album of the Year.
'This is my 13th Grammy. 13 is my lucky number, I don't know if I ever told you that,' she joked on stage during her acceptance speech.
As it turns out, Taylor's lucky number may been the magic force that helped the Chiefs defeat the 49ers, 25-22. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group