The tracklist for Taylor Swift’s forthcoming album, The Tortured Poets Department, could offer hints on whether songs will refer to her English ex-boyfriend Joe Alwyn.
The US superstar, who made Grammy history on Sunday when she won the album of the year prize for the fourth time, parted ways with The Favourite actor Alwyn last year after six years together.
She has since begun a high-profile romance with NFL star Travis Kelce.
April 19 🤍https://t.co/WdrCmvLHyA pic.twitter.com/1qSQqzYgEf
— Taylor Swift (@taylorswift13) February 6, 2024
A song called So Long, London appears at number five in the list – the slot reserved by Swift for the most meaningful song on each of her albums.
This could be interpreted as a response or reference to her previous song London Boy, from her album Lover, about spending time in the capital with Alwyn and his friends.
Fans have also speculated whether the album title itself is a reference to Alwyn.
In December 2022 Alwyn and Normal People star Paul Mescal revealed they had a WhatsApp group chat with Fleabag actor Andrew Scott called The Tortured Man Club.
At the time they joked they were not using it as much anymore since they were less tortured.
News of Alwyn and Swift’s split emerged less than four months later.
Fans online have also speculated that tracks such as Down Bad, But Daddy I Love Him, I Can Fix Him (No Really I Can), and I Can Do It With A Broken Heart could also be inspired by Alwyn.
Joe Alwyn and Paul Mescal have a WhatsApp group with Andrew Scott called "The Tortured Man Club."
"It hasn't had much use recently," Alwyn says."I feel like we're less tortured now," Mescal quips. https://t.co/CSai4ScQpz pic.twitter.com/veCp1ZdFsD
— Variety (@Variety) December 15, 2022
Swift is well known for writing songs about her ex-boyfriends, with previous flames Joe Jonas, Harry Styles, Jake Gyllenhaal and John Mayer among those who have been linked to some of her biggest hits.
The 16-song tracklist, which Swift posted on Instagram, also features British band Florence + The Machine and US rapper Post Malone.
It includes a song titled Florida!!! featuring Florence + The Machine, a UK-based band fronted by Florence Welch, and a song named Fortnight featuring Circles singer Post Malone.
Other song titles include Guilty As Sin?, The Smallest Man Who Ever Lived, and Clara Bow, while the bonus song is titled The Manuscript.
A pre-order for the vinyl album available on Swift’s website includes a “collectable 24-page book-bound jacket with three handwritten lyrics unique to this vinyl and never-before-seen photos”.
A post shared by Taylor Swift (@taylorswift)
Swift announced the album on stage after winning her 13th Grammy Award for best pop vocal album for Midnights, which later won her album of the year for a history-making fourth time.
Frenzied fans had been speculating online if the US singer-songwriter would announce new music during the ceremony, having made other announcements at previous awards shows.
Picking up the gong, Swift said: “I know that the way the Recording Academy voted is a direct reflection of the passion from the fans.
“So I want to say thank you to the fans by telling you a secret that I have been keeping from you for the last two years…
“Which is that my brand new album comes out April 19, it’s called the Tortured Poets Department. I’m going to go and post the cover right now back stage. Thank you, I love you.”

Exclusive to our subscribers 




Best pictures as St Andrews students embrace tradition at May Day Dip
Best pictures as St Andrews students embrace tradition at May Day Dip


3










Court told of former Dundee player's brutal campaign of domestic abuse
Court told of former Dundee player's brutal campaign of domestic abuse













Dundee FC chief John Nelms reveals positive new stadium talks with transport chiefs
Dundee FC chief John Nelms reveals positive new stadium talks with transport chiefs


5










EXCLUSIVE: NHS Tayside accused of 'wage theft' as junior doctor whistleblower complaint upheld
EXCLUSIVE: NHS Tayside accused of 'wage theft' as junior doctor whistleblower complaint upheld













Allan Campbell under the microscope: How has Dundee United signing fared so far?
Allan Campbell under the microscope: How has Dundee United signing fared so far?


5










IN FULL: The Courier secondary school league table 2025 for Tayside, Fife and Stirling
IN FULL: The Courier secondary school league table 2025 for Tayside, Fife and Stirling


2







© DC Thomson Co Ltd 2025. All Rights Reserved.