WASHINGTON — The sweeping tariffs that President-elect Donald Trump imposed in his first term on foreign metals, machinery, clothing and other products were intended to have maximum impact around the world. They sought to shutter foreign factories, rework international supply chains and force companies to make big investments in the United States.
But for many businesses, the most important consequences of the tariffs, enacted in 2018 and 2019, unfolded just a few blocks from the White House.
In the face of pushback from companies reliant on foreign products, the Trump administration set up a process that allowed them to apply for special exemptions. The stakes were high: An exemption could relieve a company of tariffs as high as 25 percent, potentially giving it a big advantage over competitors.
That ignited a swift and often successful lobbying effort, especially from Washington’s high-priced K Street law firms, which ended up applying for hundreds of thousands of tariff exemptions. The Office of the US Trade Representative, which handled exclusions for the China tariffs, fielded more than 50,000 requests, while the Commerce Department received nearly 500,000 exclusion requests for the tariffs on steel and aluminum.
As Trump dangles new and potentially more expensive tariffs, many companies are already angling to obtain relief. Lawyers and lobbyists in Washington say they are receiving an influx of requests from companies that want to hire their services, even before the full extent of the president-elect’s tariff plans becomes clear.
Advertisement
In his first term, Trump imposed tariffs of as much as 25 percent on more than $300 billion in Chinese goods, and 10 percent to 25 percent on steel and aluminum from a variety of countries, including Canada, Mexico and Japan.
Advertisement
This time, Trump has threatened to impose a 60 percent tariff or more on China, and tariffs of 10 percent to 20 percent on most other countries. He has also suggested targeting particular companies or industries.
It remains unclear which of these plans he intends to follow through on, and he has not clarified whether he would once again offer companies exclusions from the tariffs. On Friday, Trump announced that he had picked Scott Bessent, a billionaire hedge fund manager, as his Treasury secretary. Bessent has described Trump’s tariffs as a negotiating strategy to secure better free trade deals, suggesting he may favor a less aggressive tariff policy.
While Trump has often promised to “drain the swamp” in Washington, some have argued that these trade rules did the opposite. Tracking by OpenSecrets, a nonprofit organization, showed that the number of clients lobbying Congress on trade issues ticked up noticeably once Trump took office, growing more than 50 percent from 2016 to hit a record high in 2019.
One recent economic study also found evidence that Trump officials had used the exemption process to reward their supporters and punish opponents.
The study, which looked at nearly 7,000 company applications, found that an increase in past contributions to Republicans raised the likelihood of a company’s receiving an exemption. A history of past contributions to Democrats, meanwhile, decreased a company’s chances of winning a lucrative exemption.
Jesus Salas, a professor at Lehigh University and one of the study’s authors, called the exclusions process “a very effective spoils system.”
“I would not be surprised at all if this happened again,” he said.
Advertisement
In Trump’s first term, officials argued that their exclusions system would offer companies relief in cases where the tariff would harm US interests, or where substitute products weren’t available outside China.
But for many critics, the administration’s decisions on exclusions often seemed mysterious and arbitrary. Tariff exemptions were given to Bibles but not to textbooks, to salmon but not to pollock, to children’s car seats but not to baby cribs. The decisions were not subject to appeal.
Many small businesses complained that they did not have the resources or understanding of Washington to file any exclusions, while some firms filed more than 1,000 requests alone.
Law firms staffed by former Trump administration officials swelled their lists of clients. One member of Congress’ office sent a letter to Trump officials questioning why the lawmaker should provide support for the administration’s choice legislation while certain exclusions for companies in his district had not yet been approved, an investigation by ProPublica found.
CEOs also exerted their influence: Tim Cook of Apple repeatedly lobbied Trump to loosen his administration’s restrictions on trade with China, and secured exemptions for the iPhone and other Apple products.
Other companies were allowed to file objections to any firm’s application, and some were dismayed to see their competitors weigh in against their requests.
Nicole Bivens Collinson, a trade lawyer at Sandler, Travis & Rosenberg, said she had seen examples in which companies colluded with business partners to file objections to tariff relief requests by competitors. “That goes on, but it’s difficult to prove,” she said.
Subsequent investigations found unfairness in the process. In 2019, the Commerce Department’s inspector general found that there had been “the appearance of improper influence in decision-making.” At the Office of the US Trade Representative, a government investigation found “inconsistencies” in decisions and a lack of transparency.
Advertisement
A similarly uneven process played out for farmers who had been hurt by Trump’s tariffs. In 2019, his administration began approving tens of billions of dollars to offset farmers’ losses from his trade wars, which had prompted retaliation from China and other countries.
A government watchdog found that the payments favored farms in the South over those in other areas, gave higher payments to farmers of cotton than to farmers of other crops and funneled more money to big farms than to small ones. Another study showed that many payments went to wheat farmers, despite their relatively low shipments to China.
Some lawyers and companies say that exceptions are still badly needed and that the system has become more systematic and orderly over time.
“It is, in my view, becoming the way you do business,” said Ludmilla Kasulke, a partner at Squire Patton Boggs. She said companies were preparing themselves to make the best of whatever tariffs and exclusions might be available.
“Businesses and stakeholders are going to be thinking about — should be thinking about — where those various pivot points are going to be, where they have an opportunity to make their case,” she said.
This article originally appeared in The New York Times.
Digital Access
Home Delivery
Gift Subscriptions
Log In
Manage My Account
Customer Service
Delivery Issues
Feedback
News Tips
Help & FAQs
Staff List
Advertise
Newsletters
View the ePaper
Order Back Issues
News in Education
Search the Archives
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Terms of Purchase
Work at Boston Globe Media
Internship Program
Co-op Program
Do Not Sell My Personal Information