By LAURA PARKIN FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  09:26, 14 August 2024   |  Updated:  10:20, 14 August 2024   
 79
View  comments
Kylie Jenner teased she might become a pop singer, four years after her iconic 'Rise and Shine' wake-up song went viral as she hinted at a new career venture this week. 
The reality star, 27, became the first Kardashian-Jenner to grace the cover of British Vogue on Tuesday and discussed 'finally finding her feet' in the fashion industry after devoting her 20s to motherhood in the accompanying interview. 
But just months after bring her high-end clothing line Khy to life, it seems Kylie already has other plans in the works.
When asked by the magazine if she ever hoped to be a popstar as a child, she replied: 'I think so, yeah. I always knew I never had a fantastic voice or anything...
'I should be a singer. No, seriously. Maybe when I’m done making clothes, I’ll get into the recording studio.' 
Kylie Jenner teased she might 'get in the studio', four years after her iconic 'Rise and Shine' wake-up song went viral 
The reality star, 27, launched her fashion line Khy last year but admitted she already has other plans in the works
Kylie showed off her currently playlist, filled with classic hits by Aretha Franklin, The Beatles, Otis Redding and the odd new track from Sabrina Carpenter. 
'Please Please Please is the best,' she confirmed. 
Back in October 2019, Jenner went viral when she shared a 16-minute tour of her Kylie Cosmetics office and ended the video by serenading her daughter Stormi. 
Fans went wild over the clip of Kylie melodically singing 'Rise and shine' to her baby girl, instantly taking to their social media to react.
The three-word wake-up call was referenced and sung by other celebrities and even remixed after she surprised everyone with her vocal talent. 
Another fan went all out with an electronically infused dubstep version of the song.
And just last month, Kylie revived her viral way of singing children's melodies to share a clip of her and her two-year-old son Aire singing their ABCs together.
In her caption, she referenced the three-worded 'Rise and Shine' song, which she sang to wake up her daughter Stormi, now six, in 2019. 
Kylie became the first Kardashian-Jenner to grace the cover of British Vogue this week and discussed 'finally finding her feet' in the fashion industry in the accompanying interview
When asked by the magazine if she ever hoped to be a popstar as a child, she replied: 'I should be a singer. No, seriously. Maybe when I’m done making clothes, I’ll get into the studio'
Back in October 2019, Jenner went viral when she shared a 16-minute tour of her Kylie Cosmetics office and ended the video by serenading her daughter Stormi 
The Kardashians star wrote in her caption: 'Aire was born a little late for rise and shine but he sure knows my beautiful abcs.'
At the beginning and end of the video, her adorable son asked her to repeat the song as he exclaimed: 'Again!' 
In the clip, Kylie belted out the alphabet song and nodded her head as she listened to Aire sing along with her.
She shares both Stormi and Aire with her ex-boyfriend, rapper Travis Scott, 33.
The former couple were in an on-and-off relationship over five years before they called it quits in late 2022 — the same year they welcomed Aire together.
Kylie's older sister Kim once dabbled in music when she released the forgettable Jam (Turn It Up).
Mom Kris even got in the action with her own track, I Love My Friends, which heavily borrowed from Randy Newman's I Love LA and was released in 1985.
Though mom's track was mostly forgotten, the momager's family didn't hesitate to give their song special treatment. 
Her girls lovingly mocked the music video for I Love My Friends in a birthday tribute for mom Kris's 60th birthday in 2015.
The Kardashian siblings created a remix of the I Love My Friends music video and included her grandchildren in the presentation.
Kim and her now ex-husband Kanye West, along with Kourtney Kardashian and her ex-partner, Scott Disick all included their children in the video.
And just last month, Kylie revived her viral way of singing children's melodies to share a clip of her and her two-year-old son Aire singing their ABCs together 
Kris created a video for her 30th birthday which was a remake to the 1983 song I Love LA by Randy Newman.
Her version was entitled, I Love My Friends, which her daughters remade an updated version of the former video cut in a higher definition and resolution.
Kris' daughters also made sure to update the brands and labels that Jenner visited in her former video which previously included such locations as The Cheesecake Factory.
However, the new generation now included visits to Chanel, Givenchy and shows them carrying Birkin handbags. 
As the video begins, the caption below reads: 'For my mom's 60th birthday, me and my sisters remixed the I Love My Friends video she made in 1985 for her 30th birthday. It has so many fun cameos; make sure to watch the whole thing!!!'
 And indeed there are numerous cameos throughout the video including celebrities such as Oprah Winfrey, Cindy Crawford, Ryan Seacrest, Kyle Richards, Faye Resnick, Kathy and Rick Hilton, Justin Bieber, Joan Rivers, Kathie Lee Gifford, Hoda Kotb, Drake and Jennifer Lawrence.
There is also a special message from pop star Katy Perry who said, 'Who gives a f*** how old you are because you'll be forever young to me.' 
Last year, most members of the Kardashian family were present to record a new Christmas album, except the one who claimed to have the best voice: Kylie.
Kourtney Kardashian explained during the episode of The Kardashians that, after Kris released a Christmas song in 2021, they decided to make a Christmas album.
'After my mom recorded her Christmas song, all my sisters, like we’ve all been talking about doing a Christmas album. I think it’s because we all are obsessed with Christmas, and all of the proceeds will go to charity,' Kourtney said in confession.
Later on they were all seen at Travis Barker's recording studio in a tequila-fueled recording session, though Kylie was not present.
When a producer asked Kylie why she wasn't there, she claimed she had different plans for her singing voice. 
'I have a different vision for myself in my singing career. I’m such a major singer and I have such a beautiful voice and I just don’t think like they’re worthy, honestly,’ before saying under her breath, ‘Just kidding.’

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group