Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
The icon will release his new single, "Turn the Lights Back On," on Friday.

							By 

	Mesfin Fekadu


Billy Joel will celebrate the release of his first new single in decades with a performance at the Grammy Awards.

	The Recording Academy announced on Wednesday that the Piano Man will hit the stage on Feb. 4. He will release a new song, “Turn the Lights Back On,” on Friday.



	Previously announced performers include Billie Eilish, Dua Lipa, Olivia Rodrigo, Luke Combs, Burna Boy and Travis Scott. Emmy winner Trevor Noah will host the Grammys, which will air live on CBS from the Crypto.com Arena in Los Angeles. The event will also stream live and on demand on Paramount+.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	Movies
			



	
		
					Far East Film Festival: Yihui Shao's Feminist Drama 'Her Story' Wins Top Prize		
			














	
	Movies
			



	
		
					Oscars Keep 2026 Date as L.A. Marathon Agrees to Reschedule to Avoid Conflict		
			








	Joel, 74, has won five Grammys and earned 23 nominations. His wins include album of the year and best male pop vocal performance for 52nd Street song of the year and record of the year for “Just the Way You Are” and best male rock vocal performance for Glass Houses.

	He was awarded the Grammy Legend Award at the 1991 show.

	SZA is the top contender at the Grammys with nine nominations. Victoria Monét is up for seven awards, while Taylor Swift, Eilish and Rodrigo earned six nominations apiece. Female acts dominate this year and count for all of the nominees in the top three categories apart from Jon Batiste.

	Album of the year contenders are SZA’s SOS, Swift’s Midnights, Rodrigo’s Guts, Batiste’s World Music Radio, Miley Cyrus’ Endless Summer Vacation, boygenius’ the record, Lana Del Rey’s Did You Know That There’s a Tunnel Under Ocean Blvd and Janelle Monáe’s The Age of Pleasure.

	Multiple songs are up for both song of the year and record of the year, including Eilish’s Oscar-nominated hit “What Was I Made For?” from Barbie, Swift’s “Anti-Hero,” SZA’s “Kill Bill,” Rodrigo’s “Vampire” and Cyrus’ “Flowers.” Rounding out the song of the year contenders — an award for songwriters — are Del Rey’s “A&W,” Batiste’s “Butterfly” and Dua Lipa’s “Dance the Night” from Barbie, the white-hot soundtrack that scored 12 Grammy nominations thanks to hit singles by Eilish, Lipa, Nicki Minaj, Ice Spice and Ryan Gosling.

	Other tracks competing for record of the year are Monét’s “On My Mama,” boygenius’ “Not Strong Enough” and Batiste’s “Worship.”

	The 66th annual Grammy Awards will be produced by Fulwell 73 Productions for the Recording Academy for the fourth consecutive year. Ben Winston, Raj Kapoor and Jesse Collins are executive producers.
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.