Agenda-setting intelligence, analysis and advice for the global fashion community.
The essential daily round-up of fashion news, analysis, and breaking news alerts.Plus, access one complimentary BoF Professional article of your choice, each month.
Our newsletters may include 3rd-party advertising, by subscribing you agree to the Terms and Conditions & Privacy Policy.
Walmart Inc. has its sights set on sneakerheads.
The Bentonville, Arkansas-based retailer is teaming up with sneaker marketplace StockX to offer dozens of pre-verified shoes ranging from Nike Inc.’s Air Jordans and collaborations with Travis Scott to those from New Balance Athletics Inc. and Asics Corp.
Hundreds of items will be available on Walmart’s website next week, and StockX will fulfil and verify the products. The partnership could expand to tens of thousands of products, Michael Mosser, vice president and category lead at Walmart Marketplace, said in an interview.
Shoppers “are looking for this full spectrum of products from Walmart,” whether that’s staples or collectible items, Mosser said, adding that Walmart is experiencing healthy demand for coveted sneakers.
ADVERTISEMENT
The partnership — the first between Walmart and StockX — is part of the retailer’s efforts to beef up its online business to grab more spending from Amazon.com Inc. and other retail giants. Walmart said last week that it will expand the assortment on its marketplace of third-party vendors to include pre-owned and collectible products, building on its offering of refurbished electronics.
For StockX, it marks its first third-party platform deal, chief executive officer Scott Cutler said in an interview. The Walmart deal will help StockX reach a new consumer base, including customers who may be unfamiliar with the brand, he said.
The secondary market for sneakers has cooled since a boom began in 2021, when the sector became a hot alternate asset that attracted investors and speculators. Resale sites have since flooded with limited-edition sneakers released to the public by brands like Nike, Adidas and New Balance.
Both companies expect to expand into other categories such as streetwear. They declined to disclose financial details of the partnership.
Walmart’s online marketplace has emerged as a growth engine. It is helping the company to broaden its assortment and price points, and offers brands such as Cartier that aren’t sold in the company’s physical stores. Marketplace also adds income for Walmart through related services such as advertising and fulfilment.
Walmart’s online marketplace business, which began in 2009, is still smaller than that of Amazon.com Inc., which started nine years earlier. In 2022, Amazon’s had 2 million merchants selling on its platform. Walmart doesn’t disclose the number of sellers and offers hundreds of millions of items. Both companies offer a vast array of goods, in contrast with Target Corp., which has taken a curated approach to expand its marketplace business.
By Jaewon Kang
Learn more:
ADVERTISEMENT
Walmart Takes on Amazon By Adding Pre-owned Watches, Collectibles to Marketplace
The retailer is expanding its online marketplace to include pre-owned watches, collectible trading cards, and high-end beauty products, aiming to capture more e-commerce spend and compete with rivals like eBay and Amazon.
© 2025 The Business of Fashion. All rights reserved. For more information read our Terms & Conditions
The shiny new storefront on Amazon Luxury did not distract investors this week from Saks Global’s deteriorating liquidity problem.
The department store is searching for a permanent CEO replacement after Kohl’s Corp.’s board discovered Ashley Buchanan, who had joined Kohl’s in January, had directed millions of company dollars to his then-undisclosed romantic partner.
China’s total e-commerce shipping plunged 65 percent by volume in the first three months of the year, but rose 28 percent in Europe.
Brands that have not traditionally offered bridalwear are flocking to the category, banking on driving revenue through seamless production crossover and weddings’ ability to drive social media visibility and customer loyalty.