Because this section is free of charge, community events are subject to run based on available space. Email events to calendar@newsadvance.com.
Going for Gold Olympic Camp, 9 a.m. to 12:30 p.m., at the Miller Center, 301 Grove St. Lynchburg. Experience canoeing, archery, relay races, jumping, a unique take on the balance beam and javelin, and more. As a bonus, campers will create hand-built medals at Jackson Heights Art Studio. Register by visiting lynchburgparksandrec.com.
Belle Thomas 2024 Exhibit during regular library hours at Moneta/Smith Mountain Lake Library’s MOarts Gallery, 13641 Moneta Road, Moneta. Featuring the needle felt paintings of Belle Thomas. Fore more information, call (540) 425-7004.
Lynchburg art club exhibit, 5 to 7:30 p.m. on First Friday; 1 to 5 p.m. Thursday through Friday and 1:30 to 4 p.m. Saturday through Sunday at Lynchburg Art Club, 1011 Rivermont Ave., Lynchburg. Exhibit features 7 Hills Art Club, curated by Robert Copelan.
“Heroes on Horseback”: Packhorse Librarians Photography Exhibit, during regular library hours at Moneta/Smith Mountain Lake Library’s MOarts Gallery, 13641 Moneta Road, Moneta. The gallery features an exhibit of photos taken during the Depression of Packhorse Librarians, which were a Depression-era Works Progress Administration project in Kentucky. For more information on the exhibit, call (540) 425-7004.
“500 Miles: Fifty Years of Running the Virginia 10 Miler” exhibit, opens Aug. 2 from 5 to 7 p.m. for First Fridays at Lynchburg Museum, 901 Court St., Lynchburg. A reception will be held and it’s free to the public. The exhibit celebrates the 50th anniversary of the Virginia 10 Miler and features artifacts from the race’s history, including an official race shirt from each year. Guest curator Laura Crowe will give brief gallery talks about the exhibit throughout the evening. The exhibit will remain on display through Oct. 1. On Sept. 6, the museum will host Bret Boman and Lesley McPhatter for a signing of their new book, “The Virginia 10 Miler — Fifty Years and Still Running Strong.” The book tells the story of how a 10-mile race put Lynchburg on the map as a nationally recognized race. For more information, including hours of operation, call (434) 455-6226 or visit lynchburgmuseum.org.
Lynchburg Adult Recovery Court graduation ceremony, 5:30 to 6:30 p.m. at 900 Church St., Lynchburg. The ceremony will recognize and honor the triumph and commitment of individuals who have achieved recovery as a result of the treatment court docket serving individuals in Lynchburg. Anna Powers, state coordinator, Supreme Court of Virginia, will be the keynote speaker.
Blackout Poetry, 3 to 4 p.m. at Stewartsville Library. Teens are invited to join the Stewartsville Library in upcycling old books into their own, unique blackout poems. All materials will be provided while supplies last.
4th Annual Lynchburg Gem & Mineral Show, 2 to 6 p.m., Aug. 9 and 10 a.m. to 5 p.m., Aug. 10 at Moose Lodge 715, 2307 Lakeside Drive, Lynchburg. Minerals, gems and handcrafted jewelry offered for sale. Door prizes, 50/50 cash drawings, entertainment for all ages and more. Free admission.
Rockin’ Through the Decades summer concert series, at Second Stage — Amherst, 194 Second St., Amherst. Best of the ‘90s with Radio Sparks. Concert is free, but donation of $10 to $20 is suggested and optional. For more information, go to www.secondstageamherst.org.
Fairy-Dust Friday, 2 to 3:30 p.m. at Stewartsville Library. The library is a magical place. Join us today to create your own bottle of library fairy dust to carry library magic everywhere you go.
Smokey the Bear’s 80th Birthday Celebration!, 11 a.m. to noon at Bedford Library. Smokey himself will be at the library, mingling with patrons and taking pictures. There will also be fun activities, birthday cake and goodie bags.
Stewartsville Carnival & Craft-Stravaganza, 10 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. at Stewartsville Library. Join the Stewartsville Library for the conclusion of the 25th anniversary week by playing carnival games and making crafts. Adults are welcome to step inside and participate in crafting do-it-yourself bookmarks.
Teen RPG Club, Dungeons & Dragons (ages 12-18), 1 to 4:30 p.m. at Forest Library. Join us for an epic adventure in the realm of Dungeons & Dragons on the second Saturday of each month. Players will face dangerous foes, use their wits to solve perilous challenges and work together to defeat evil to save the realm. There will be a separate adventure every time, and everything you’ll need will be provided by the library. New registration is required for each session.
Author Pat Kelly program, 2 to 4 p.m. at Oakland Museum, 5365 Thomas Nelson Highway, Arrington. The Wintergreen murder mystery writer will talk about writing, and answer questions related to book No. 4, “The Humpback Rocks Murder,” and his newest book due out this fall. For more information, call (434) 263-8400.
“Myths About Lee’s Surrender,” 3 p.m. at 672 Alum Springs Road, Forest, presented by the Friends of New London. The speaker will be Patrick A. Schroeder, the chief historian of Appomattox Court House National Historical Park. Attendees will learn where Gen. Robert E. Lee was taking his Army of Northern Virginia, the extent of the army’s losses at Saylor’s Creek, the origins of the apple tree story, who accompanied Lee to the McLean house, who was present at the surrender meeting and more. For more information, visit Friends of New London on Facebook or at www.newlondonmuseum.org.
Milepost Music features Pete and Ellen Vigour, Peaks of Otter, milepost 85.6, Bedford. The Vigours are old-time string band musicians from Albemarle County, home of rolling hills, mountain streams and an active and dedicated community of old-time musicians. The duo plays their own versions of old-time music and are popular at social events throughout the region. Free. For more information, go to blueridgemusiccenter.org/concert-calendar.
Friends of the Forest Library Book Club, 1 to 2 p.m. at Forest Library. The Friends of the Forest Library Book Club meets every second Monday of the month. Join us in August for discussion of “The Frozen River” by Ariel Lawhon.
Literary Lakers Book Club, 3 to 4 p.m. at Moneta/Smith Mountain Lake Library. We meet in the community room on the second Monday of each month. We’ll read either the same genre and/or the same author and share thoughts. For August, read any author’s first book.
Memory Care Support Group, 1 p.m. at Heritage Green Assisted Living and Memory Care, 201 Lillian Lane, Lynchburg. Join senior care experts from Heritage Green and other dementia care professionals for the free event featuring insightful topics to help family caregivers. Dottie Ballagh, executive director of Affinity Care of Virginia Roanoke, will present “Alzheimer’s 101” during this event. Learn about different dementia types, risk factors, warning signs, how to obtain a diagnosis and treatment options. Attendees receive a complimentary lunch of pizza, salad and dessert. Seating is limited. RSVP by Aug. 9 by calling (434) 385-5102.
Adult Book Club, 5:30 to 6:30 p.m. at Stewartsville Library. Join other readers on the second Tuesday of each month to discuss a different book and meet other members of your community. This month’s book selection is “The Authenticity Project” by Clare Pooley. Light refreshments will be provided.
Blood drive, 2 to 6 p.m. at St. Stephen’s Episcopal Church’s Parish Hall, 1695 Perrowville Road, Forest. Both blood and power red donations will be taken. According to the Red Cross, a blood donation is the most common type, during which approximately a pint of “whole blood’” is given. A power red donation collects the red cells but returns most of the plasma and platelets to the donor. These donors must meet specific eligibility requirements and have type A-negative, B-negative or O blood. To reserve your donation time, visit redcrossblood.org and enter 1389 in the search box in the upper right-hand corner of that page. For more information, contact the St. Stephen’s Parish Office by email at ststephensforest@mail.com or by phone at (434) 525-5511.
Hill City Ukulele Circle, 6 to 7 p.m. at the Miller Center, 301 Grove St., Lynchburg. Aloha ukulele enthusiasts and welcome to Lynchburg’s ukulele strumming circle. The group meets twice this summer. Each session will allow everyone in the circle a chance to select and share a favorite song as well as play along with other musicians. All levels of ability are welcome. Register online to join the mailing list by visiting lynchburgparksandrec.com.
Great Cardboard Boat Race, 6:30 to 8 p.m. at the Miller Center, 301 Grove St., Lynchburg. Design, build, race (and most likely) sink! Join us in our 6th annual race to the finish line. Boats must be crewed by a one or two-person team. Awards will be given out for fastest and most creative boats plus the most dramatic sinking. Register online by Aug. 13 by visiting lynchburgparksandrec.com.
Teen Art Night, 6 to 7:30 p.m. at Bedford Library. Teens ages 12 and older are invited to join us on the third Thursday of every month. The library will provide all supplies, but you’re welcome to bring additional supplies along with you. August’s project will be bubble wrap fish art.
“Feel Good Music” tour with Dailey & Vincent, 7:30 p.m. at the Academy Center of the Arts’ Historic Academy Theatre, 600 Main St. Lynchburg. Grand Ole Opry members and Grammy Award winners Jamie Dailey and Darrin Vincent will perform what USA Today calls “the best of country, bluegrass and gospel this side of heaven.” Tickets range from $20 to $53. For more information or to purchase tickets, contact the ticketing office at (434) 846-8499 or visit academycenter.org.
I’m No Van Gogh Paint Night, 5 to 9 p.m. at Forest Library. Come and paint whatever the canvas inspires in you. This session is a time for self-expression — there is no formal instruction, and it is open to anyone regardless of your skill level or prior experience painting. All supplies will be provided. Please dress in clothing you won’t mind getting messy. Registration is required and space is limited.
Face the Forest 5K Obstacle Course Run, 7:30 a.m. at Thomas Jefferson’s Poplar Forest. Challenge yourself at the annual Face the Forest 5K Obstacle Course Run by taking on a 3.1-mile race that goes through the hills, fields and woodlands of Poplar Forest, encountering obstacles (and some mud) along the way. Entry fees support children’s educational programming at Poplar Forest. The competition is open to families, individuals and teams of all ages.
Tween/Teen Writers Workshop, 10:30 a.m. to noon at Big Island Library. Calling all teens and tweens. Do you enjoy writing? Are you an aspiring poet, novelist or perhaps precocious young journalist? Good readers make good writers, as they say, and what better place to practice the craft of writing than your local library? Join Big Island librarian Chelsea Harlan (author of Bright Shade, winner of the 2022 American Poetry Review/Honickman First Book Prize) for this fun Saturday morning workshop to get your brainwheels spinning and your pencils moving. We’ll talk about different approaches to writing prose and poetry, study a few examples and different styles of writing and try a couple of easy free-writing prompts. Feel free to bring work you’ve already written if you’d like to share something with the group, but no pressure. Sponsored by the Friends of the Big Island Library.
Hurricane Camille Remembrance Day, 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. at Oakland Museum, 5365 Thomas Nelson Highway, Arrington. Anne Witt from the U.S. Department of Energy – Mines and Minerals Division will be available to share insight about landslides caused by the remnants of Hurricane Camille. Photos and videos will be shown throughout the day. For more information, call (434) 263-8400.
Sunset chairlift sessions, 6:30 to 9 p.m. at Wintergreen Resort, 39 Wintergreen Drive, Roseland. Take in the stunning views and colorful sky as you descend on the chair lift to Checkerberry Cabin. Sit around the campfires and enjoy live music from local artists. This is an outdoor venue, so bring your own chair or blanket, or purchase one from our retail stores. Chairlift rides start at 6:30 p.m. and music starts at 7 p.m. S’more kits, food and drinks will be available for purchase at Checkerberry Cabin. Outdoor coolers are not permitted. Handicap transportation is available upon request. To purchase tickets, go to https://wintergreenresort.ltibooking.com. For more information, call (434) 325-2200 or visit www.wintergreenresort.com.
The Peking Acrobats, 6:30 p.m. at Academy Center of the Arts Historic Academy Theatre, 600 Main St., Lynchburg. For the last 32 years, The Peking Acrobats have redefined audience perceptions of Chinese acrobatics. They perform daring maneuvers atop a precarious pagoda of chairs and display their technical prowess at such arts as trick-cycling, precision tumbling, juggling, somersaulting and gymnastics. They push the limits of human ability, defying gravity with amazing displays of contortion, flexibility and control. For more information or to purchase tickets, contact the ticket office at (434) 846-8499 or visit academycenter.org. This performance was rescheduled from March 15.
Milepost Music features Stay All Night, Peaks of Otter, milepost 85.6, Bedford. Stay All Night is an old-time and bluegrass string band led by fiddler Bill Wellington. Wellington is a renowned caller at hoedowns and contra dances and the group’s lively music brings a toe-tapping good time. Free. For more information, go to blueridgemusiccenter.org/concert-calendar.
Aug. 19
Lynchburg Coin Club, 7 p.m. at Jordan Baptist Church, 3708 Parkwood Ave., Lynchburg. 20-minute talk followed by auction. Anyone interested in coin collecting is welcome. For more information, contact Chris Webb at (434) 942-9118. Free admission.
Adult Book Club, 10:30 a.m. to 1 p.m. at Big Island Library. Join us on the third Tuesday of every month for a lively book discussion full of insight and reflection. August is reader’s choice. Read whatever book you like and come with some thoughts to share. Bring a small dish to share and stay for a little lunch. Sponsored by the Friends of Big Island Library.
Aug. 20
Friends Board Game Cafe, 6:30 to 8:30 p.m. at Bedford Library. Join the Friends of the Bedford Library for an afternoon of fun playing board and tabletop games. Play our games or bring your own; play old standards or learn some new ones; play a little or a lot. Bring a friend, make new friends. Snacks will be provided, but please bring your own refillable water bottle. Registration is not required unless you wish to receive an event reminder.
Adult Book Club, 10:30 a.m. to 1 p.m. at Big Island Library. Join us on the third Tuesday of every month for a lively book discussion full of insight and reflection. August is reader’s choice. Read whatever book you like and come with some thoughts to share. Bring a small dish to share and stay for a little lunch. Sponsored by the Friends of Big Island Library.
Aug. 24 and 25
Hill City Slide, 10 a.m. to 8 p.m. Aug. 24 and 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Aug. 25 on Church Street between 12th and Washington streets in Lynchburg. Tickets: 30 plus ticketing fee. Children younger than age 7 or 46 inches tall can slide for free with ticket-holding adult. Tickets can be purchased at www.hillcityslide.com. Presented by the United Way of Central Virginia. All proceeds go toward the mission of UWCV and its partner agencies.
Aug. 24
Treasures in the Trunk, 7:30 to 11:30 a.m. at First Christian Church, 3109 Rivermont Ave., Lynchburg. P.E.O. (Philanthropic Educational Organization) Chapter AD, a local nonprofit, is holding its “Treasures in the Trunk” yard sale in the parking lot. All money raised will fund grants and scholarships for women. The mission of P.E.O, founded in 1896, is to promote educational opportunities for women. See www.peointernational.org to learn more about grants and scholarships.
Aug. 25
PROUD Tina: The Ultimate Tribute to Tina Turner, 7 p.m. at the Academy Center of the Arts’ Historic Academy Theatre, 600 Main St., Lynchburg. The event brings legendary singer Tina Turner’s hits from the 1960s, ‘70s, ‘80s and ‘90s to today’s stage. Caroline Borole takes on the role of Turner. Her powerful raspy vocals, high-intensity dancing and thrilling stage presence, backed by a band, brass section, backing vocalists and dancers, make this the definitive tribute. Tickets range from $19 to $73. For more information or to purchase tickets, contact the ticketing office at (434) 846-8499, or visit academycenter.org.
SML Boomer Band Concert to Benefit the Friends of the Moneta/SML Library, 3 to 5 p.m. at Moneta/Smith Mountain Lake Library. Chill Out VA food truck will have snacks and drinks for sale during the event, including shaved ice (with sugar free options), ice cream and Pepsi products. Entry is $20 per car, payable at the event. Only cash or checks accepted. Make checks out ahead of time to the Friends of the Moneta Library. Register online for a reminder about the event. In case of rain, the concert and festivities will move inside.
Creative Expressions, 12:30 to 2 p.m. at Big Island Library. Calling all creative types! The Big Island Writers Group has evolved our lovely club to include makers and crafters of all sorts to further inspire our friendly discussions. Do you knit? Crochet? If you enjoy coloring or drawing, we can provide markers, crayons, pens and colored pencils. We’ll still exchange writing advice, of course, and share work with one another for the sake of supportive feedback.
Doves & Dragons presents Harps and Harpsichord Music, 1 to 2 p.m. at Forest Library. Join us as we relax and listen to harp and harpsichord music performed by local husband and wife duo, Doves & Dragons. No registration required.
AARP Pickleball Clinic Tour, 5 to 8 p.m. at Crosswhite Athletic Club, 118 Davis Cup Road, Lynchburg. The nationwide tour aims to celebrate individuals 50 and older who are playing pickleball, promoting healthy living, social connections and brain health. Registration is free and limited to the first 50 people that sign up at events.aarp.org/event/pickleballva0827/summary.
Fiber Club: Knitting, crocheting, and more, 3 to 5 p.m. at Moneta/Smith Mountain Lake Library. Would you like to learn to knit, crochet, weave or share your talents with others? You’re invited to join our new Fiber Club. Whether you’re an expert or a beginner, all are welcome. Supplies will be provided, or you can bring your own. We’ll have yarn for small projects, but if you have some extra yarn, you can donate it to someone else to use. Bring your projects you’re already working on or start a new one. Come chat and make new fiber friends. We’ll also have small projects for kids to make at the beginner’s sessions. Kids younger than 12 must be supervised by an adult. All ages are welcome.
Friday Breakfast Book Club, 10 to 11 a.m. at Bedford Library. The Friday Breakfast Book Club meets on the last Friday of every month to discuss a different book. This month’s selection is “The Dictionary of Lost Words” by Pip Williams.
Lew Taylor Trio opens Amherst Java and Jazz season, 6 to 8 p.m. at Second Stage — Amherst, 194 2nd St., Amherst. Event features Taylor on piano and vocals, Bob Bowen on bass and Larry Scott on drums. Tickets: $12 adults, $6 students, and free with VCA Passport to those showing a WIC card at the door. The concert is sponsored by the National Endowment for the Arts and Virginia Commission for the Arts, the Greater Lynchburg Community Foundation and the Schewel Charitable Foundation.
Dark Sky program, 9 to 10 p.m. at at James River State Park, 104 Green Hill Drive, Gladstone. Did you know that James River State Park is a member of the International Dark Sky Association? Learn more about the importance of dark skies while exploring the vast and endless universe with telescopes. Our astronomy clubs will bring their telescopes and share their knowledge about what you are seeing. If you have a telescope or binoculars, bring them with you, and we will give you some pointers. If it’s cloudy, we will still offer a presentation. Bring comfortable chairs. Standard parking or admission fee applies. Children welcome. For more information, call (434) 933-4355.
Rockfish River Rodeo, 11 a.m. to 10 p.m. at Blue Toad Hard Cidery, 462 Winery Lane, Roseland. Join us for our Labor Day Weekend Rockfish River Rodeo. The farm will be open to the public at 11 a.m. featuring local bands, hard cider bars, craft beer bars, food vendors and artisan vendors. ‘90s cover band BRISK will perform a free show from 2 to 5 p.m. Rodeo festivities will kick off at 5:30 p.m. and tickets will be capped. Rain date is 3 p.m., Sept. 1. To purchase tickets, go to https://aftontickets.com. For more information, call (434) 760-9200.
Saturday Matinee presents “Ordinary Angels,” 2:30 to 4:30 p.m. at Moneta/Smith Mountain Lake Library. Join us for a monthly Saturday afternoon screening of a movie for adults and teens. This month, we’ll watch “Ordinary Angels,” starring Hilary Swank, Alan Ritchson, Nancy Travis and others. Based on a remarkable true story, “Ordinary Angels” centers on Sharon Steves, a fierce but struggling hairdresser in small-town Kentucky who discovers a renewed sense of purpose when she meets Ed Schmitt, a widower working hard to make ends meet for his two daughters. With his youngest daughter waiting for a liver transplant, Sharon sets her mind to helping the family and will move mountains to do it. What unfolds is the inspiring tale of faith, everyday miracles, and ordinary angels.
Adult Book Club, 2 to 3 p.m. at Montvale Library. The club meets the first Thursday of every month. In August, we’ll discuss “Out of Darkness” by Ashley Hope Pérez.
Lynchburg art club exhibit, 5 to 7:30 p.m. on First Friday; 1 to 5 p.m. Thursday through Friday and 1:30 to 4 p.m. Saturday through Sunday at Lynchburg Art Club, 1011 Rivermont Ave., Lynchburg. Exhibit features Phillip Carwile, Sherry Pope and Marianne Vest.
Tween-Teen Night, 5 to 7 p.m. at Montvale Library. Two hours of Kinect gaming, board games, snacks, pizza and socializing. For ages 10 to 17.
4th Annual HumanKind Golf Challenge at Magnolia Green Golf Club, 7001 Awesome Drive, Moseley. For more information, contact Keeley Tuggle at ktuggle@humankind.org or visit the HumanKind website at www.humankind.org.
Renaissance Theatre Company presents “And Then There Were None,” 7:30 p.m. Sept. 13, 14, 20 and 21; 2 p.m. Sept. 15 and 22 at the Historic Miller Center, 301 Grove St., Lynchburg. Ten strangers are summoned to a remote island and all that the guests have in common is a wicked past they’re unwilling to reveal and a secret that will seal their fate. Each has been marked for murder in this tale written by Agatha Christie. For tickets, visit renaissance.booktix.net.
Rockin’ Through the Decades summer concert series, at Second Stage — Amherst, 194 Second St., Amherst. Party all night with The Dundies. Concert is free, but donation of $10 to $20 is suggested and optional. For more information, go to www.secondstageamherst.org.
Roots and Reconnection: Celebrating our Story, 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. at Thomas Jefferson’s Poplar Forest. Celebrate, recognize and remember the enslaved men, women and children of Poplar Forest. Join the Poplar Forest African American Advisory Group, interpretation and archaeology staff and the board of directors at Roots and Reconnection, a day dedicated to honoring the members of the enslaved community, their talents, their role at the plantation and their perseverance to survive. The free, family-oriented event features musical performances, historic interpreters, book talks and more. Enjoy a catered lunch for $5 per person.
Stephanie Nakasian Sextet’s special Tenth Anniversary concert, 7 p.m. at Second Stage — Amherst, 194 2nd St., Amherst. Nakasian’s group will perform a tribute to the songs of Johnny Mercer. Tickets: $20 adults, $10 students, and a few tickets free for VCA passport holders showing WIC Card. The concert is partially sponsored by the Virginia Commission for the Arts Touring Grant and the National Endowment for the Arts.
Lynchburg Coin Club, 7 p.m. at Jordan Baptist Church, 3708 Parkwood Ave., Lynchburg. 20-minute talk followed by auction. Anyone interested in coin collecting is welcome. For more information, contact Chris Webb at (434) 942-9118. Free admission.
Naturalization Ceremony, 11 a.m. at Thomas Jefferson’s Poplar Forest. Join Poplar Forest and the Blue Ridge Chapter of the National Society Daughters of the American Revolution (NSDAR) to witness a ceremony welcoming 30 new American citizens in honor of Constitution Day, the day in 1787 the American Constitution was signed into law. A luncheon for the new citizens and their families will be served following the ceremony. Admission to the ceremony is included with general admission to Poplar Forest.
Leslie Odom Jr., 7:30 p.m. at the Academy Center of the Arts, 601 Main St., Lynchburg. Odom is a multifaceted, award-winning vocalist, songwriter, author, and actor. With a career that spans all performance genres, he has received recognition with Tony and Grammy Awards as well as multiple Emmy and Academy Award nominations for his excellence and achievements in Broadway, television, film and music. Tickets range from $57 to $107. For more information or to purchase tickets, contact the ticketing office at (434) 846-8499 or visit academycenter.org.
LSO Presents “Rhapsody in Blue” at 100, 7:30 p.m. at Academy Center of the Arts Historic Theater, 600 Main St., Lynchburg. Join the Lynchburg Symphony Orchestra for a celebratory performance of Gershwin’s “Rhapsody in Blue” as the masterpiece marks its 100th birthday. Experience Gershwin’s epic melodies as renowned local pianist Emily Yap Chua joins the LSO for the performance. Also on the program are two composers who influenced Gershwin: Maurice Ravel and Duke Ellington. The program includes Ravel’s “Bolero,” and Ellington’s “Night Creature.” For ticket information, visit www.lynchburgsymphony.org.
512: The Selena Experience at the Academy Center of the Arts’ Historic Academy Theatre. Together since 2014, Los Chicos del 512 have aimed to bring the magic of Selena to old and new fans worldwide. Attendees can expect to hear all of Selena’s top hits. Tickets range from $15 to $57. For more information or to purchase tickets, contact the ticketing office at (434) 846-8499 or visit academycenter.org.
Lynchburg art club exhibit, 5 to 7:30 p.m. on First Friday; 1 to 5 p.m. Thursday through Friday and 1:30 to 4 p.m. Saturday through Sunday at Lynchburg Art Club, 1011 Rivermont Ave., Lynchburg. Exhibit features Mark Johnson and Keith Trieval.
Gangstagrass, 7:30 p.m. at the Academy Center of the Arts’ Warehouse Theatre, 600 Main St., Lynchburg. Gangstagrass combines great American traditions of bluegrass, hip-hop and beyond to create a whole new musical genre that is more than the sum of its parts. The group is a multi-racial collective of musicians who demolish preconceptions about country music and hip-hop music. Tickets are $32 plus taxes and fees. For more information or to purchase tickets, call the ticketing office at (434) 846-8499 or visit academycenter.org.
Bela Fleck and Abigail Washburn performance, 7:30 p.m. at Academy Center of the Arts’ Historic Academy Theatre, 600 Main St. Lynchburg. Fleck is a 15-time Grammy Award winner who has taken the instrument across multiple genres, and Washburn is a singer-songwriter and clawhammer banjo player who re-radicalized it by combining it with Far East culture and sounds. Tickets for this event range from $20 to $67. For more information or to get tickets, visit academycenter.org.
Archaeology Behind-the-Scenes Tours, 11 a.m. and 2 p.m. at Thomas Jefferson’s Poplar Forest. Archaeologists have played a major role in the restoration of the landscape and villa at Poplar Forest. Since 1986, they have excavated more than 30 different sites on the plantation grounds. An amateur archaeologist known to have studied Native American material culture, Thomas Jefferson would surely be fascinated by the more than 300,000 artifacts they’ve uncovered. Join Poplar Forest’s archaeologists for a walking tour focused on the latest archaeological dig sites and discoveries on the plantation, including an up-close look at some of the artifacts in the Poplar Forest Archaeology Lab. Tickets: $30 per person in advance; $35 at the door.
Clay Festival at the Academy Center of the Arts. Potters, sculptors, wheel throwers and hand-builders from across the Piedmont Region and Eastern Shore will gather in Central Virginia along the James River to sell and showcase their work for this one-day show. Participating vendors will also be given the opportunity to showcase their talent through demonstration and/or lecture. All types of vendors are welcome, but only clay artists are eligible for the juried portion of the event, which features cash prizes for 1st, 2nd, 3rd place, and best in show. This event is free to the public, and tickets can be reserved at academycenter.org. Vendor applications are due by Aug. 5. Vendor application is $35 and booth fee is $100. For more information or to purchase tickets to our performances, contact the ticketing office at (434) 846-8499 or visit academycenter.org.
Senior Awareness Day, 8:30 a.m. to noon at Rustburg High School, 1671 Village Highway, Rustburg. The annual event for seniors living in the region is sponsored by the Department of Social Services in the counties of Amherst, Appomattox, Bedford, Campbell, and the city of Lynchburg. The theme for this year’s event is financial exploitation with a presentation by the Campbell County Sheriff’s Office, information about community resources, food, vendors and panel of professionals for questions and answers. The event is free and open to the public. Register by Sept. 27 by calling (434) 332-9807. No tobacco, alcohol or weapons allowed on premises. For more information, call the Campbell County Department of Social Services at (434) 332-9769.
Fall Harvest Dinner, 6:30 p.m. at Thomas Jefferson’s Poplar Forest. Thomas Jefferson was a man of gourmet tastes. You might say that he was America’s first foodie. He had his enslaved chef, James Hemings, trained as a Chef de Cuisine in Paris, France, and designed his kitchen at Poplar Forest in the latest French style. Join the president — as portrayed by actor Bill Barker — in his private villa for a multicourse dinner with wine pairings, and raise a glass to a successful harvest season. Must be 21 and older. Tickets: $200 per person or $350 per couple. Reservations are required and tickets must be purchased by Oct. 11 due to catering considerations.
Get local news delivered to your inbox!
A child was seriously injured in a Campbell County hit-and-run crash on Saturday evening, according to the Virginia State Police.  
Virginia State Police is investigating a two-vehicle crash in Bedford County that killed two Roanoke residents on Sunday afternoon. 
A jury began hearing evidence Wednesday in the case of a Rockbridge County man accused of first-degree murder in his wife’s shooting death in Amherst.
A Bedford County man pleaded not guilty for reason of insanity Friday in connection with an October 2022 stabbing incident that resulted in ch…
Property transfers 
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.