COLUMBIA, S.C. (WIS) - The NCAA March Madness Basketball Tournament could make a return to Downtown Columbia.
Last week, city leaders announced that a bid was submitted to be considered one of the few hosts for the tournament’s first and second rounds of the 2027-28 season.
“It’ll be great for the economic output of the city. Great for fans. USC Basketball is great so I’m looking forward to it,” said Columbia resident Kaelin Murphy.
If selected, this would be the first time Columbia would host the tournament since 2019.
“You see the hotels will be filled up, the restaurants, clothing stores, you name it man. Everybody’s affected by it. It just trickles down,” said Travis Hollis, a Columbia Business Owner
“I think it would be great for the city of Columbia, there’s not a lot going on when the students are here. I think it would be great for the economic status of the city too So I think it would be a great,” said Jasiah George, a current USC Student.
Last week, city leaders from Experience Columbia submitted a 90-page formal proposal to the NCAA on information on arena size, hotel packages, meeting spaces, airport information, previous events hosted and more.
Scott Powers, Experience Columbia’s Executive Director of SC Sports explained the impact the tournament brought to the city when hosting the tournament in 2019.
“We’re lucky enough that we get to say we hosted in 2019 and that had a $11.9 million economic impact on our community. That was spread out all across City of Columbia, Richland County, and Lexington County,” said Powers.
Powers told WIS News 10 the NCAA opened the bidding in August 2023 and submitted the bid in early February. He believes that Columbia’s time is now to host the tournament once again.
“My pride was showing off our community to those people who have never been before and that’s why we’re here. To give people a reason to come and once they’re here, we show them a great time and we encourage them to come back in future dates for a vacation,” he said. 
While the NCAA could not reveal other cities that have submitted a bid to host the tournament, Powers believes that neighboring cities such as Charlotte, Atlanta, Greensboro, and Greenville have also submitted bids to host the tournament. The city expects a final decision from the NCAA on its bid by October 2.
Feel more informed, prepared, and connected with WIS. For more free content like this, subscribe to our email newsletter, and download our apps. Have feedback that can help us improve? Click here.
Copyright 2024 WIS. All rights reserved.