Jul 6, 2024
LISBON — In Columbiana County Municipal Court, a preliminary/pretrial hearing was set July 15 for Thomas Adair Watkins, 52, East North Avenue, East Palestine, charged with fifth-degree felony strangulation and misdemeanors of domestic violence and prohibitions concerning companion animals for an alleged incident on July 3 in East Palestine.
Watkins allegedly had an argument with a woman and kicked everyone out of the house when she wasn’t there, with her dog left behind. When she arrived, he allegedly made obscene comments to her, then dragged the dog out of the kennel by its neck, picked it up by its neck and threw it at her. The dog hit her and fell to the ground, causing the dog to whine and run away from them. While the victim was attempting to get her dog, Watkins allegedly threw a muffin pan at her, hitting her in the back. Then she threw the pan back toward him and he allegedly retaliated by grabbing her by the arm, punching her in the jaw and putting his hands around her throat, causing her to not be able to breathe. She struck him in the eye and he let go of her and as she was leaving with her dog, he allegedly pushed her out the back door.
A preliminary/pretrial hearing was set July 11 for Vincent John Bianconi, 34, Tucson, Ariz., charged with fourth-degree felony pandering obscenity-buy procure possess obscene material and misdemeanors of engaging in prostitution and possessing criminal tools. Bianconi was accused of allegedly responding to an undercover ad placed by an agent on a known prostitution website and requesting a woman meet him in his semi truck for sex acts in exchange for $30, arriving at the meeting location in East Palestine on July 4 in his semi truck wearing only a robe. In his possession was $50 and the cell phone used to make the arrangements. An agent with the Mahoning Valley Human Trafficking Task Force also recovered images of minor children engaged in sexual acts.
A preliminary/pretrial hearing was set July 15 for Michael Herron, 33, Ohio Avenue, East Liverpool, charged with fifth-degree felony strangulation and misdemeanor domestic violence for allegedly grabbing another man around the neck during an argument, pinning him against the wall and then pushing him to the ground on July 4 in East Liverpool.
A preliminary/pretrial hearing was set July 29 for Kassie Adler, 33, Alliance, charged with two counts of fifth-degree felony theft and one count of misdemeanor theft for allegedly stealing a woman’s purse at Salem Walmart on July 4 and stealing the contents, including three checkbooks, three credit cards, two cell phones, $80 cash and prescription medication. 
A pretrial was set Sept. 24 for Chad Anthony Coonfare, 45, New Castle, Pa., charged with engaging in prostitution and possessing criminal tools for allegedly responding to an undercover ad on a known prostitution website and arranging for sexual activity with a female in exchange for $140, then arriving in East Palestine on June 28 for the meeting.
A pretrial was set Sept. 30 for James Howard Mowery, 45, Baden, Pa., charged with engaging in prostitution and possessing criminal tools for allegedly responding to an undercover ad on a known prostitution website and arranging for sexual activity with a female in exchange for $150 and then traveling to East Palestine in his company vehicle on July 2 for the meeting.
A pretrial was set July 18 for Andrew Culp Jr., 35, West Washington Street, Lisbon, charged with domestic violence for allegedly grabbing a woman by her arms, pulling her away from a door and shoving her during a domestic on July 4 in Columbiana.
A sentencing hearing was set July 18 for Katrina Blough, 21, West Pershing Street, Salem, who pleaded guilty to domestic violence for slapping a man in the face during an argument and biting his bicep when he grabbed her on July 5 in Salem.
A pretrial was set July 18 for Major Boston, 25, Youngstown, charged with domestic violence for allegedly grabbing a woman’s arms and pushing her down during an argument on July 5 in Salem.
A pretrial was set July 18 for Gregg Bailey, 44, Commerce Street, Wellsville, charged with two counts of assault for allegedly assaulting a man and woman during an incident Sept. 25, 2023 at a state Route 39 address in Wellsville, Yellow Creek Township. The female victim alleged Bailey grabbed and pulled her hair and the male victim alleged that he slapped him in the hands multiple times causing a laceration to his left hand.
A pretrial was set Sept. 3 for Ira Lewis Pierce, 37, Wilbert Avenue, East Liverpool, charged with theft for allegedly stealing a pack of diapers from the front door step of a Wilbert Avenue, East Liverpool residence, with the diapers costing the victim $4.98.
A pretrial was set Sept. 24 for Carys Buxton, 19, Bank Street, East Liverpool, charged with falsification and disorderly conduct for allegedly providing false identifying information for another person during an incident July 3 at the Quality Inn in St. Clair Township where people were reported intoxicated.
A pretrial was set July 22 for Steven Cunningham, 33, Erie Street, East Liverpool, charged with endangering children, falsification, possession of drug abuse instrument, disorderly conduct and two counts drug paraphernalia. Cunningham allegedly provided police with false identifying information when officers responded to Quality Inn in St. Clair Township n July 3 for persons intoxicated with a child present. Cunningham allegedly possessed hypodermic syringes, a burnt glass pipe and a crystal substance and an 11-year-old child was present when he was alleged under the influence and in possession of dangerous items. On June 22, he allegedly possessed two hypodermic syringes and a burnt glass pipe during a traffic stop in East Liverpool.
Gregory Dailey, 36, Chester, W.Va., was fined $100 and given a suspended 30-day jail term for drug paraphernalia. He was also ordered to complete 20 hours community service. Dailey was accused of possessing a used hypodermic needle during a traffic stop June 21 in East Liverpool.
A pretrial was set Sept. 10 for Joseph Bernardi, 44, Globe Street, East Liverpool, charged with open container for allegedly having an open container on June 30 in East Liverpool. A pretrial was set for Sept. 10 regarding charges of OVI second offense, OVI second offense breath and operating off road vehicle on roadway.
A pretrial was set Oct. 1 for John Peter Cole, 44, Black Road, Lisbon, charged with operating a vehicle under the influence of alcohol or drugs first offense, OVI breath first offense and left of center.
A pretrial was set Sept. 26 for Christine Haylett, 61, New Galilee, Pa., charged with OVI second offense, OVI refusal with prior within 20 years and assured clear distance.
A pretrial was set Sept. 30 for Jonathan Thompson, 30, South Lincoln Avenue, Lisbon, charged with OVI first offense, OVI breath first offense and left of center.
Michelle Lynn Hall, 47, West Washington Street, Lisbon, was fined $500 for driving under suspension.
Michael D. Hall, 34, East Seventh Street, Salem, was fined $180 for driving under suspension and expired tags.
Sa Symone Saulsberry, 28, Youngstown, was fined $180 for driving under suspension and expired tags.
A pretrial was set Aug. 26 for Shawn Neilan, 43, Cortland, charged with speeding.
A pretrial was set Oct. 1 for Travis Corey Rogan, 21, state Route 45, Lisbon, charged with driving while texting.
A pretrial was set Sept. 30 for Jarrit Manley, 36, Salem Alliance Road, Salem, charged with driving while texting.
A pretrial was set Sept. 9 for Abbie Ketchum, 25, Edwards Circle, East Liverpool, charged with expired license and failure to yield emergency-minor accident.
A pretrial was set July 29 for Charles Mellott, 48, Bacon Avenue, East Palestine, charged with driving under suspension.
A pretrial was set Aug. 19 for Cruz Murphy, 32, East North Avenue, East Palestine, charged with driving under suspension and speeding.
Scott Hall, 51, West Washington Street, Lisbon, was fined $300 for wrongful entrustment.
Dwayne Thomas, 51, Toronto, was fined $80 for driving under suspension and expired tags.
Jose Ortiz Guevara, 59, Youngstown, was fined $100 for expired license and expired tags.
Municipal

LISBON — In Columbiana County Municipal Court, a preliminary/pretrial hearing was set May 8 for ...
Butler Township

Debra Fortune (trustee) to  Brian K. and Allison Rose Hambrick, home on Buck Road; ...
Sheriff’s Office

— An anonymous caller at 5:47 p.m. Thursday reported a disturbance at a residence on Salem ...
Common Pleas

New Cases

Ashley Allmon, Clark Avenue, Wellsville, and Donato Allmon, Bill Smith Road, Wellsville; ...
Common Pleas

New Cases

Cardinal Financial Company, Fort Mill, S.C., vs. William Wiley, Salem Grange Road, ...
Sheriff’s Office

— A man on Center Avenue, Center Township, reported at 4:31 p.m. Saturday that his landlord ...
Copyright © 2025 Ogden News Publishing of Ohio, Inc. | https://www.reviewonline.com | 210 East Fourth St., East Liverpool, OH 43920 | 330-424-9541