I don’t have an MVP vote. But if I did, it would go to the person at FOX who decided to replace actual photos of NFL players with ridiculous cartoons for all of their graphics this season.
If you’ve watched an NFL game this season, you’ve probably noticed the cartoons. Philip Rivers has muscles bursting in his. Tom Brady looks like a tween on HGH. They’re awesome.
A few weeks ago, I ranked all of the cartoons for the league’s starting quarterbacks but, as the self-proclaimed authority on these things, I decided that wasn't enough. They needed to be properly documented so future NFL fans can look back at these artifacts and enjoy them as much as we are.
So I went through EVERY touchdown scored on a FOX telecast this season and grabbed every single player cartoon I could find. This is the result. I present a complete database of FOX’s NFL player cartoons…
[jwplayer tJqxzeom-q2aasYxh]
This is somehow both frightening and adorable. I really need to see the photo this illustration was based on.
He looks like he's about to tell me I'm a wizard and whisk me off to Hogwarts.
Are we still making Zoolander jokes in 2020? If so...
I can think of like a dozen people this looks like more than Alvin Kamara.
That's Sam Bradford.
Metcalf is the one player whose cartoon is actually less jacked than he is in real life.
It looks like the photographer did not have Brown's permission to take the photo this illustration is based on.
Is Antonio Gibson The Cartoon running the football without a helmet? Inadvisable, man. Think about your brain.
No jokes for this one. I'm just amazed Boston Scott got a cartoon.
If FOX gives us cartoon coaches next season -- and they should! -- they can just repurpose this one for Mike Tomlin.
Graham looks about 456 years old in this picture.
Robinson looks like he's trying to catch a football with his mouth ... which might be more effective than catching it with his hands. If you've seen Robinson play, that joke will make more sense.
He's the front runner for the most obscure player to get a cartoon. Lions WR Marvin Jones didn't even get one! The cartoonist must be a Bills fan.
Artist: Who the hell is Scotty Miller?
FOX: A white slot receiver who catches passes from Tom Brady.
Artist: Say no more.
There aren't a lot of tight ends who got FOX cartoons, but somehow Logan Thomas got one?
That's Kirk Heinrich.
That was the exact look on Hayden Hurst's face when he was told he was being traded to the Falcons.
I'm convinced that hair is connected to the headband.
Pretty sure they just searched "drawing of NFL running back" for this one.
You'd probably know who this is if the 49ers had a real quarterback.
Why does Michael Gallup look like an early 1950's musician whose hair has been made more palatable for a white TV audience?
A bit of trivia: This was the first FOX cartoon we saw after a touchdown in 2020. It came in the Week 3 Seahawks-Cowboys game.
I just realized I had no idea what Cooper Kupp looked like. Apparently, he looks exactly like a guy who would be named Cooper Kupp.
When you're the one guy in Seattle who doesn't want the Seahawks to #LetRussCook
Not gonna lie, I had no faith in the FOX cartoonists capturing Fitz's illustrious beard. But they nailed it.
This is Will Fuller just finding out about his suspension.
So much thought put into the neck detail on this one. Just look at the shading.
Rare glimpse of a Lions player being motivated by Matt Patricia's brilliance.
Same joke as above, sorry.
Murray looks like he can chew bolts with that jaw.
What is this man contemplating?
Just kidding, he's contemplating his decision to sign with the Lions.
The dark visor is an easy hack for cartoonists. Drawing eyes are hard, man.
Did the cartoonist just give up in the middle of drawing Lamb's upper lip?
GIVE EVERY CARTOON MUTTON CHOPS
A true artist takes liberties to portray his or her subject at their best, and Hooper was clearly best when he had this flow at the combine.
Try again, artist.
Sad Tracy McGrady Dot Gif
I had to double-check Devante Parker's age to make sure he wasn't a 50-year-old man.
He looks like he's in the middle of getting roasted by his friends for that hairstyle.
Loved this guy in Lord of the Rings. I don't know which guy he played but he looks like a combination of every actor in those movies.
When you're stoic because you figure this cartoon won't get much use because Jared Goff is your QB and sometimes you're the second read.
I've never seen a more disinterested flex in my life.
This is the look Kenyan Drake fantasy owners have had on their face all season.
This looks nothing like DeAndre Hopkins. I'd probably trade this player for a second-round pick, too.
D.J. Moore isn't mad; he's just disappointed.
OK, no jokes here. This looks exactly like Todd Gurley.
He's got the feet of Saquon Barkley, the vision of Le'Veon Bell, the strength of Ezekiel Elliott, the athleticism of Sony Michel ... and the jawline of a Bears fan.
This one is awful but it's a major upgrade over the Kelce cartoon FOX used for the Super Bowl, which had the tight end looking Cro-Magnon...
You'd look like this too if you had to live in Buffalo.
Cole Beasley's wife drew this. Only explanation.
Jones looks like an actual pirate here.
Rob Gronkowski has never looked this calm, earnest or reflective in his life. It's actually deeply unsettling.
Gronk is the only player with two cartoons and neither of them looks anything like him. Might be time for a third.
This looks like a man who is perpetually disappointed ... so catching passes from Colt McCoy won't require much of an adjustment.
The disrespect! Julio Jones a "helmet on" guy? How dare you, FOX?
I want to see the FOX cartoon version of the Falcons' gradient uniforms.
The secret to Jefferson's success: His bionic right eye that moves independently from his left eye.
Is .... is he kissing somebody?
How are we deciding which players have personality and which ... do whatever Waller is doing here? Scroll down to Jared Cook. He gets to have so much fun.
This was done by an artist still holding on to their anime dreams.
The artist who did this just copied off the Stefon Diggs artist's work and changed a few words.
Look at that guy. Not even part of the offense now that the Saints are using a QB who can't throw and he's still exuberant.
This is just a haunting piece of work. Cartoon Curtis Samuel has been through some things but has persevered.
What.
When your otherwise impressive career becomes the punchline for a joke about Bill O'Brien.
We don't know either, Golden.
This look: It's December, my team has won four games and we're in first place.
I'd say that Brandon is worried about a ferocious tackler to his left, but he plays in a Kyle Shanahan offense so there's probably actually nobody nearby.
That is the look of a man who's had to catch passes from Christian Hackenburg, Blake Bortles and Mitch Trubisky for the last decade.
That thumbs up = Yes, OF COURSE I'm going to play for the Patriots someday. In fact, he looks like somebody spliced the DNA of a Pats slot receiver and a failed Belichick protege.
This is Kate McKinnon playing Justin Beiber.
Jameis Winston eats W's. Tyreek Hill eats T's.
See this is just the Mike Davis cartoon recycled ... only this one cost a first-round pick.
Are Jonnu Smith's eyebrows that nice in real life?
We've made the Colt McCoy joke right?
Maybe Michael Thomas missed all those games this year because he got a look at this and boycotted.
The soft, thoughtful eyes of man who wants you to believe he might throw but is already tucking the ball away for another three-yard scramble.
Chubb looks bored, but this is the most excited you can get about playing for the Browns.
See what I mean?
When Tom Brady misses you on a deep ball for the millionth time this season.
Robert Tonyan is Eminem, I guess?
(These artists have so much trouble with tight ends!)
This is also Jarvis Landry's reaction to seeing this cartoon.
At this point, Dak's cartoon might be the best QB in the NFC East.
This looks like nothing like Derrick Henry but the cartoon does look equally hard to tackle.
This is somehow less handsome than the actual Jimmy G.
This is Cam Newton when he saw the Patriots receiver depth chart for the first time.
Why'd they do this to Robby? I know he's got an, uh, different look, but he doesn't look like that!
The cartoonist couldn't push up the hairline just a little bit? I mean, they gave Philip Rivers abs.
Mostert looks like a high school player with a fumbling problem and the coach makes him carry around a football at school.
He looks like he just got yelled at by his mom for a bad report card.
You're not fooling me FOX. That's the Mike Davis cartoon with a visor on the helmet.
This can double as the cover of McKinnon's mumble rap mixtape.
Do you think Aaron Rodgers knows who this is?
The exact look on Jameis' face when Sean Payton told him they were starting the tight end.
The more I look at this one, the less it looks like Russell Wilson to me. They did manage to capture the deadness behind his eyes.
This artist gets extra points for saying “Screw it, I’m not drawing Joe Flacco’s head.” I wouldn’t want to do that either. Flacco is the only quarterback on this list with a helmet on.
Why did they do that to poor Andy Dalton? They got him looking like a Dr. Suess character. The hair is pretty good though.
Um … Deshaun Watson is looking a little pale here. Is this supposed to be his ghost?
That’s Mitt Romney. Extremely buff Mitt Romney.
This looks like an aged Josh Allen. Like that’s what he’ll look like when he’s 32 … and backing up whoever the Bills draft in two years. Joking.
Look at that hair. It’s glorious. And now it’s all gone. Will FOX give us an updated illustration? A part of me doesn’t want that to happen.
They made Aaron Rodgers look like a guy who’s listened to every Joe Rogan podcast, so … good job, FOX.
I can’t imagine the thoughts going through the artist’s head while doing an illustration of freaking Jake Luton. That had to be a rough night. I also can’t tell you if that is an accurate depiction, as I have no idea what Luton looks like and I refuse to google it.
He looks like a sad Superman; but instead of Kryptonite, his weakness is sack fumbles.
Based on his playing style, this is probably what Carson Wentz thinks he actually looks like. Those are some wide shoulders and is it just me or does he look kind of vampirish?
What’s going on with Alex Smith’s head here? It’s like … bulbous, right?
You can’t tell me that’s not Haley Joel-Osment.
Matt Ryan looks like a guy who gets paid to do murders.
He looks so menacing. Like he’s about to reveal his plot to take over the world, one fourth-down throwaway at a time.
He has the distracted boyfriend meme look on his face. You could make one of those memes and have Baker’s girlfriend as a Browns receiver and the other woman as a defender. I’m just spitballing here.
I’m getting a Captain Morgan vibe from this one.
Brees looks so … weathered. Did they really have to give him those forehead wrinkles? He looks like a 50-year-old Jesse Pinkman.
Not only does this look nothing like Tua Tgovailoa but there aren’t any discernable features I can make a joke about. Boring.
I don’t know who that is, but it’s not Patrick Mahomes.
That looks like the kind of Nick Foles who could lead you to a Super Bowl. Unfortunately, that’s not the Nick Foles the Bears are getting this season.
If Joe Burrow’s arm was really that strong, he might be the best quarterback ever.
As long as you ignore his enormous left eye, this is a spot-on depiction of Teddy. He looks so dignified.
I like how Goff’s one eye is looking off to the sideline so he can see Sean McVay telling him where to throw the ball.
I mean, it looks like Lamar but why is he so sad?
That’s a damn good Kyler right there. It’s accurate and the artist did a good job of capturing his general tininess.
This Philip Rivers is jacked for some reason and looks like he hasn’t slept in a week. It’s hard to get your eight hours with all those kids running around.
This looks like a 12-year-old boy who is standing behind one of those cardboard cutouts without the head for a photo.
This is play-action Ryan Tannehill. Straight dropback Ryan Tannehill looks more like the Alex Smith illustration.
Did a Ben Roethlisberger draw this?
Gio Bernard's mustache matters, dammit!
[REDACTED]
That's the look of a receiver whose quarterback refuses to throw it more than five yards downfield.
Ranking the ridiculous FOX player illustrations for every NFL starting quarterback