Hobo
Stephen Marley
1.) Stephen Marley - Everwise Amphitheater at The White River State Park - June 14, 2024
Michael Franti's opener, Stephen Marley, stole the show. His "I Shot The Sheriff," "Three Little Birds," and especially the set ending "One Love" were spectacular, and it was all due to a diminutive blonde girl named Kateri Farrell who played -I shit you not- the flute. I had never seen a flute in a reggae band before, and it's not something I would have ever guessed. But, hand to God, Kateri's flute playing made this set so special; I really hope Stephen makes an album with her.
2.) Red Clay Strays - Murat Theatre at Old National Center - September 12, 2024
Standout tunes included a slinky "Ghosts," the fiery "Ramblin'," and a glorious reading of their current big song, "Drowning." Like all great Southern music men, The Red Clay Strays carry the struggle between Jesus and Satan, between pleasures of the flesh and the divine, which pumped tunes like "Disaster," "Devil In My Ear," and "God Does" with righteous kick-ass energy.
Jason Isbell
3.) Jason Isbell & The 400 Unit - Everwise Amphitheater at The White River State Park - August 10, 2024
The 400 Unit was on fire this night, with Guitarist Sadler Vaden and Keyboardist Derry deBorja forming a formidable bed for the rest of the band to run rampant in. Every time I see this band, they remind me that The 400 Unit is the tightest, nimblest, most talented band roaming the country. They give Isbell the strength and confidence to do whatever the fuck he wants, be it the heartbreaking "If You Insist," the rocking "Super 8," or even the picture-perfect cover of the closing song, The Cure's "Just Like Heaven."
Rob Halford
4.) Judas Priest - Everwise Amphitheater at The White River State Park - April 28, 2024
Delivering an operatic multi-range performance for the ages, the 72-year-old Halford gave all of us in the house a show that turned our black blood blacker. The rest of the band, with a couple of youngblood guitarists, OG bassist Ian Hill, and veteran drummer Scott Travis, were tight, rock-solid, loud, and often amazing. The band came charging out of the gate with a ferocious new song, "Panic Attack," from the band's latest album, Invincible Shield. The album's title track and "Crown of Horns" sat seamlessly with the band's classic material. Older stuff like "The Green Manalishi (With the Two Prong Crown)," "Ripper," and "Sad Wings of Destiny" mixed it up with newer stuff like "Painkiller," and "Lightning Strike." Of course, tunes from their MTV peak heyday, like "Love Bites," "Turbo Lover," and "You Got Another Thing Coming," made this show another display of precision metal by one of the bands that perfected it. 
Jeff Lynne's ELO brings his “Over and Out” tour to Gainbridge Fieldhouse on Saturday, September 7, 2024.
5.) Jeff Lynne's ELO - Gainbridge Fieldhouse - September 7, 2024
From "Evil Woman," "Mr. Blue Sky," and "Strange Magic" to "Don't Bring Me Down," "Showdown," and "Sweet Talking Woman," this a show that shone perfection during every song. The best songs turned out to be unexpected ones. Discovery's "Last Train To London" provided a funky disco-fueled gem that enlivened the middle of the set. But "All Over The World" was my favorite part of a set brimming with favorites. The fact that it came from the soundtrack of the Olivia Newton-John Xanadu film somehow made it all the more special. I never thought I'd get to see Jeff Lynne and ELO, and not only did we get a Jeff Lynne show here in Indy, butwe got ourselves a magical one.
The Sweet
6.) The Sweet - Brown County Music Center - September 8, 2024
The Sweet, on the other hand. Holy fuck. No original members, sure, but they looked the part, sounded the part, and gave the audience the Sweet experience nobody knew they needed until we were smacked upside the head with the unholy mighty schlong of rock and fucking roll.
James Taylor
7.) James Taylor - Ruoff Music Center - June 11, 2024
However, 76-year-old James was the absolute star of the show. His vocals and finger-picking were delightful, filling deeper tracks like "Secret o' Life," "Something In The Way She Moves," and "Copperline" with life, joy, and beauty. It was a fun, engaging show that I wasn't expecting.
Highlights of Matthew Sweet along with special guest Abe Partridge at Hendricks Live performing arts center in Plainfield, April,24 2024 in Plainfield, Indiana. Mandatory photo credit: Phil Taylor/ Nuvo Photographer
8.) Matthew Sweet - Hendricks Live! - April 24,2024
I went to Hendricks County's brand-new Hendricks Live! Venue in Plainfield to see Matthew Sweet. San Francisco session man John Moreman helped Sweet, and the other guitarist, Adrian Carter, made this show a guitar-wet fever dream. Every song, from "Byrdgirl," to "Divine Intervention," to "If Time Permits," was full of meaty, big, and bouncy guitar workouts. The Bangle's Debbi Peterson and The Velvet Crush's mainman and bassist, Paul Chastain, kept the guitar shenanigans low to the ground. 
Night one of Phish at the Ruoff Music Center in Noblesville, Indiana on August 2, 2024. Photo by Tony Vasquez.
9.) Phish - Ruoff Music Center - August 2, 2024
"The Oh Kee Pa Ceremony" and "Axilla, Part II" signaled a funky, butt-rocking set. By this time, I was already plotting my exit when the band ripped into the only Phish song I like, "Down With Disease." finally, I was able to sing along and actually know where I was in the song, as opposed to feeling like I was in a weird moose lodge meeting where everybody but me was chanting and doing secret handshakes.
10.) The Outlaws - Ruoff Music Center - September 14, 2024
The Outlaws started the night with a great set of classics like "There Goes Another Love Song," "Freeborn Man," and their cover of "Ghost Riders (In The Sky)." The set ending, "Green Grass and High Tides," was the money shot, with OG band leader Henry Paul leading the band on 3 hours of boogified guitar wankery. Thus, the course was set for the rest of the night. It was a night that saw 15 hours of Guitar solos in a 4-hour show.
-Jeff Napier
Photos by Tony Vasquez
Empty Cups and Road Rash Ointment to:
jeffnapier@nuvo.net
Hobo
Showers this evening becoming a steady rain overnight. Low 47F. Winds NNE at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 90%. Rainfall around a quarter of an inch..
                                
Showers this evening becoming a steady rain overnight. Low 47F. Winds NNE at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 90%. Rainfall around a quarter of an inch.
 Updated: May 3, 2025 @ 6:45 pm

Success! An email has been sent to  with a link to confirm list signup.
            

Error! There was an error processing your request.
            
Arts & Entertainment
Sign up to receive daily updates! 
Sign up for weekly updates
Top 10 reader's preferences from the past week

Please donate today


                            The NUVO Cultural Foundation, a 501(c)3 nonprofit
                        
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers:
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Arts & Entertainment
Sign up to receive daily updates! 
Sign up for weekly updates
Top 10 reader's preferences from the past week
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.

Thank you. Your purchase was successful.
A receipt was sent to your email.