Manage your account
Newsweek has named America's best maternity hospitals for 2024, and six in Central Texas made that list of 404 hospitals.
The magazine surveyed doctors in related fields to create a reputation score. For a patient experience score, it looked at hospital surveys of patients asking about cleanliness, discharge instructions, communication between doctors and nurses, staff responsiveness, and other topics. For hospital quality metrics, it examined data from the nonprofit Joint Commission, which accredits hospitals; the federal Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services; and the federal Health Resources and Services Administration. This data was from March 15, 2023, to March 15, 2024.
Newsweek then lifted up the hospitals with the best scores and divided them into two groups: four-ribbon hospitals and five-ribbon hospitals, with five being the best.
Advent Health Central Texas, Killeen
Ascension Seton Medical Center, Austin
Baylor Scott & White Medical Center, Round Rock
Baylor Scott & White Medical Center, Temple
St. David's Medical Center, Austin
Find more: Which three Austin hospitals made Fortune magazine's national Top 100 list?
St. David's North Austin Medical Center
Find more: Several Austin area hospitals received A and B grades. Here's which ones got a C
Central Texas has been in the middle of a birthing boom. Driven by people moving to the region for jobs, the number of births in Travis, Williamson, Bastrop, Caldwell and Hays counties' hospitals has increased almost 19% from 2012 to 2022, according to state birth certificate data provided by the Texas Department of State Health Services' Center for State Health Statistics.
Hospitals have been increasing capacity for women's services and newborns.
Dell Children's Medical Center added a labor and delivery unit in 2021. 
Texas Children's Hospital opened an Austin hospital in February with a labor and delivery unit.
Last summer, St. David's North Austin Medical Center expanded its neonatal intensive care unit and its women's center with more beds for premature babies, labor and delivery, after labor and before labor, and more operating rooms.
St. David's Medical Center in Central Austin just renovated its women's services unit. 
St. David's South Austin Medical Center is renovating and updating its women's services unit. 
Ascension Seton Medical Center will open an eight-story women's tower in Central Austin next year.
Baylor Scott & White Medical Center Round Rock is doubling the size of its hospital, including adding a neonatal intensive care unit in 2026.
This article originally appeared on Austin American-Statesman: Austin hospitals with best maternity care, according to Newsweek