Each year since the inaugural 1876 season, baseball minds and executives gather in one location for Winter Meetings. It's during this time frame that significant signings and trades typically occur. This year the event will take place in Dallas, Texas and will run December 8-12.
Since the Milwaukee Brewers joined Major League Baseball in 1969, they have made their fair share of deals during this annual event. Here, we highlight the organizations four biggest moves ever made at the Winter Meetings.
Last year, Matt Arnold signed Jackson Chourio to the largest contract ever handed out to a player with no big league experience. His eight year, $82 million guaranteed contract was announced during the Winter Meetings. There is still a lot of Chourio's contract left to play out, but his first year after the extension saw him named a Rookie of the Year finalist, a catalyst for the Brewers offense, and he shined in the postseason. 
In December of 1980, the Brewers and St. Louis Cardinals agreed to a blockbuster deal that ended up heavily working in Milwaukee's favor. Being traded to the Crew that winter was Rollie Fingers, Ted Simmons, and Pete Vuckovich. The headlines in Sports Illustrated after this was "the trade that made Milwaukee famous." 
Ben Oglivie joined the Brewers as a result of a trade made during the 1977 Winter Meetings.   He ended up spending seven seasons with Milwaukee in which the organization was quite successful during that time. Oglivie made all three career All-Star appearances as a member of the Brewers and received MVP votes in 1980 when he belted 41 home runs and collected 118 RBI.  
In 1976, the Brewers acquired Cecil Cooper from the Boston Red Sox in exchange for George Scott and Bernie Carbo.  Cooper went on to spend 11 seasons with Milwaukee and he delivered the go-ahead hit that sent Milwaukee to the World Series in 1982. Currently, he ranks near the top in several franchise records as he is fourth in WAR (30.7) and hits (1815) while being third in batting average (.302) and runs batted in (944).
Other players that the Brewers have acquired via trade during the Winter Meetings include: Travis Shaw in 2016, Shaun Marcum in 2010, Dave Bush in 2005, Carlos Lee in 2004. Perhaps 2025 will be another memorable Winter Meetings for Milwaukee. We shall see if the Brewers can add to that list this year as the 2024 Winter Meetings are set to get started this week.
© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.