Travis Barker's teen daughter has sparked surgery rumours after sharing a snap in a laced bodysuit on social media.
His 18-year-old influencer kid Alabama, shared with ex-wife Shanna Moakler, showed off her bold style in the upload to her 2.1million fans on Instagram. However, her edgy clothing wasn't the only thing that caught the attention of her eagle-eyed audience.
Some began to theorise that she'd had "work done" as she penned the caption "young shiner". The cryptic caption only fuelled comments from those thinking she'd gone under the knife, after already showing off her "lip filler" in a previous post.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Travis Barker's daughter, 18, shows off mansion after mum's claim he 'buys her affection'
"Bbl done got you snatched real quick," wrote one person. Another added: "So she finally got the work done as the rumors." It was last month that she shared her "birthday lips", tagging a cosmetics surgery who later reposted the upload, using the needle emoji.
It comes after Alabama showed off her dad's lavish mansion after mother Shanna claimed the rocker was buying their kids’ affection with expensive gifts. The Blink-182 drummer shares Alabama, 18, son Landon, 20, and step-daughter Atiana, 24, with ex-wife Shanna, and has been criticised in the past for his relaxed parenting style.
Hours after Shanna publicly slammed him for buying their kids expensive presents she couldn’t compete with, Alabama was posting selfies from her dad’s huge Los Angeles mansion. Travis owns the £7 million ($9 million) property in Calabasas, while wife Kourtney Kardashian resides with her kids Mason, Penelope and Reign, who she shares with ex Scott Disick, in her home just one block away.
Alabama and Landon spend most of their time at their dad’s luxury home, which boasts a cinema room and enormous state-of-the-art kitchen, and the 18-year-old posted snaps from one of the lavish bathrooms on social media.
Posing for the mirror selfie wearing an all-black ensemble, Alabama stunned her fans with the size of the bathroom, with many commenting that it was bigger than their own apartments. "Fit check," she captioned one picture, and in a video shared on TikTok, she wrote: “Heres ur inspo.”
“Girlllll that bathroom has more counter space than my damn kitchen,” one fan commented. “Bathrooms bigger than my first [apartment],” another quipped. “This bathroom is bigger than my room,” one agreed.
Travis came under fire for showering his daughter with expensive gifts for her 18th birthday, after she told her followers that the rocker had given her presents which cost almost £200,000 ($254,000), including a Birkin bag and a Mercedes G-Wagon. “Your girl got her first Birkin,” Alabama wrote atop a video of her showing off her coveted Birkin bag, and in another clip, she can be seen sitting behind the wheel of a Mercedes G-Wagon.
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.