Wandering roots troubadour Shawn Taylor, weaves music from many colored threads of Americana. His fourth original CD “Balance,” wanders from Appalachian to island groves, rock to pop, sparse folk ballads to finger-style time twisters and gut busting blues. “Shawn Taylor is one of the finest traveling troubadours performing on the circuit these days. Boasting world-class guitar chops, soul enriched vocals and an uncanny knack for capturing life in a song,” wrote Brian Owens, of Metronome Magazine – Boston in June 2018. “His lyrics dabble in a wonderful gritty naturalism that’s uncommon around here,” wrote Dan Barry of the New Haven Advocate. “Shawn Taylor has a mellowness to his voice that works well against the frenetic flash of finger-picking that is the foundation of his songs. The songs crackle with the guitar work,” declared TheAlternateRoot.com
Taylor has won and placed in, performing songwriter competitions up and down the east coast, including the Towne Crier in New York and Infinity Hall in Connecticut, and has also been awarded internationally for his short fiction. He’s played some of America’s most treasured listening rooms such as the Blue Bird Café in Nashville, Tennessee and Eddie’s Attic in Decatur, Georgia, and has shared the stage with legends and notables including Maria Muldaur, Peter Mulvey, Vance Gilbert, Pat Wictor, Scott Ainslie, Spuyten Duyvil, Garnet Rodgers and Sarah Potenza. He’s released four solo CD’s and in 2017 produced a ‘pay it forward’ charity compilation CD ‘Songs For Hope,” in honor of the innocent lives lost at Sandy Hook School, where his wife Amy taught until recently.
His wandering roots grow deep. He was born in Ohio and raised mostly in Massachusettes, but lived in five different states before turning one. He’s been an oysterman, a custom cabinet maker and has thru-hiked (end to end), the Appalachian Trail (GA-ME), the John Muir Trail (CA) and The Long Trail (VT). He’s spent the past decade relentlessly performing (267 shows in 2017), travelling, exploring and developing his wandering roots sound and philosophy. Summer 2017, Amy and their two children (seven and nine) joined him on the road for the first time. Their six-week tour touched down in eight states, included wild ponies and their car getting caught in a flash flood, and ended with Taylor’s appearance as a 2017 Falcon Ridge Folk Festival “Emerging artist.” The family will join him again on the road in 2018 for 6,ooo miles, growing their roots wider and deeper, and planting and harvesting future seeds of wandering roots.
Nathan Morgan is carrying on the American music tradition of hard driving, cranked up country rock music, with some heartfelt country ballads in the mix!
Performing as a solo act and with his four-piece band, Nathan has played around the southeast for 20+ years. He has shared the stage and/or opened for artists such as ZZ Top, Marty Stuart, Lynyrd Skynyrd, Travis Tritt, Collective Soul, Drivin N Cryin, Blackberry Smoke, and more.
Nathan just relocated from Atlanta, Georgia to northeast Tennessee in 2023. The exciting move followed the release of his most recent original music, “The Memphis Sessions”. This EP was recorded at the legendary Sun Studio in Memphis, TN and is available on all major streaming services!
Thanks to our sponsors and supporters for helping to keep the lights on around here. Find out how you can help support WDVX →
We promote the cultural heritage of East Tennessee and the Southern Appalachian region with original programs showcasing live radio performance, under represented arts, and emerging and local talent.
WDVX broadcasts on 89.9 FM, 102.9 FM in Knoxville and 93.9 FM Seymour/Kodak
FM Station WDVX - FCC Public Inspection File
301 S. Gay Street
						Knoxville, TN 37902
						Tel: 865-544-1029 #221
Δ
This website and its content is available only for public display. Reproduction, distribution, or transmission of any content is expressly prohibited.
				Copyright © 2025 WDVX