"This amazing woman makes me so happy, she is everything to me and I'm so excited to share this news w u all," Cudi writes.

													By
												

	Lars Brandle


Kid Cudi is getting hitched. 

	The 40-year-old “Day ‘N’ Nite” rapper and singer has got engaged to his girlfriend, menswear designer Lola Abecassis Sartore.

	Cudi (real name: Scott Mescudi) shared the good news by way of an Instagram post, in which he refers to Lola as his “fiancé.” Look closer at the images in the carousel, snapped at the premiere of the Paramount+ series Knuckles, and the ring finger on her left hand positively sparkles.

	“This amazing woman makes me so happy, she is everything to me and I’m so excited to share this news w u all,” he writes. “Life is wild, and right when I felt my future was uncertain, it became crystal clear with Lola. Happy Cud in full effect.”






	
	
		
					Explore		
	





		Explore	

















	
		
					Kid Cudi		
					


See latest videos, charts and news



See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news
A post shared by Willis (@kidcudi)

	Sartore also shared a photo of the pair on her Instagram, writing, “I never thought I could love someone this much! So proud to call you my fiancé Scott. I can’t wait for you all to see this amazing man in the new Knuckles show!”





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Mase Wants Fans to Vote If He Should Attend Diddy's Trial		
	



	05/02/2025	







	Cudi climbed into her comments, insisting: “U have me forever.” 

	










			Trending on Billboard		





A post shared by Lola Abecassis Sartore (@lolaabecassis)

	Sartore also reposted the picture on her Instagram Stories and wrote, “The smiles on our faces says it all! Love you to the moon and back Kid Cudi.” He replied, “Love u more my angel baby.”

	Cudi is feeling a lot of love right now. Earlier this week, he was tapped for the second weekend of Coachella Festival, joining the lineup on Sunday (April 21).

	The Ohio native last performed at Coachella in 2019, during which he ended his set with a run through the 2009 Man on the Moon: The End of Day track “Pursuit of Happiness,” which he dedicated to Mac Miller and Nipsey Hussle. “Insano Boy Is Comin,” Cudi posted Tuesday night when news broke of his date in Indio, CA. 

	Coachella will provide a launch pad for his Insano World Tour, which will kick off in Austin, Texas, on June 28 and will hit arenas across the country throughout the summer. Cudi will head overseas for a raft of concerts early next year, including visits to Germany, Italy, France and the U.K.

	Cudi boasts 27 appearances on the Billboard Hot 100, including a No. 1 for his 2020 collaboration with Travis Scott, “The Scotts,” and 10 appearances on the Billboard 200 chart, including five top 10s.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.