Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
Travis Barker labelled himself "grateful" as he shared an adorable video of him taking a paddle in the sea with his baby son Rocky Thirteen Barker. The Blink-182 drummer, 48, took to Instagram on Monday, May 6 to share some family snaps as they headed to the beach and went for a boat ride.
 The first adorable video showed Travis holding his son Rocky, whom he welcomed with his wife Kourtney Kardashian Barker, 45, at the end of last year. The tiny tot had a khaki green sunhat on as he moved his small feet in the ocean waves, whilst being held up by his doting father. 
Seemingly enjoying every precious moment of taking his son to the beach, Travis could be heard saying to Rocky "I love you" as he crouched down and held him. As they paddled in the sea, Travis also said to his son: "We're going to come to the beach for a long time."
For the special occasion, the musician donned a pair of black and white check swimming shorts with a black cap and black t-shirt tucked underneath as a sun shield. The video captured the hearts of fans who flooded to the comments.
One wrote: "So cute" and a second said: "Love a good dad." A third commented: "So cute. specially those little chunky monkey legs."
In a nod to Kourtney, another wrote: "This is all she ever wanted." One more said: "You have such an amazing family! So happy for you."
Travis also shared some family snaps of his older children, including his daughter Alabama Luella Barker, 18 and former step-daughter Atiana De La Hoya, 25, from his marriage to Shanna Moakler. He also posted a loved-up snap with Kourtney as they shared a smooch during the boat ride while holding onto their son's pram.
 Travis is also a father to his son Landon Asher Barker, who is 20 years old and of course, Rocky, whom he shares with Kourtney. While the Kardashian star also shares Mason, 14, Penelope, 11, and Reign, 9, with her ex-boyfriend Scott Disick.
The touching Instagram post comes just a few weeks after Travis shared a rare picture of Kourtney cradling their baby boy in tribute to her birthday. In the image, the doting mum could be seen relaxing in bed with the little one, who is wearing a cosy black and white striped baby grow.
"Happy Birthday to my beautiful wife, soulmate, and best friend forever. I love you, I love our life together," Travis penned in the caption.
He continued: "Thank you for being the most amazing wife a person could ask for. Here's to many more years of adventures together."