May 26, 2024
Scott and Edwards are seen in videos throwing punches on stage near the DJ booth.
Hip-hop star Travis Scott got into a fight with Cher’s boyfriend, Alexander “AE” Edwards, during a party at the Cannes Film Festival, according to videos shared by media outlets including Entertainment Tonight, TMZ, and Page Six.
People reports that Scott, 33, Edwards, 38, and Cher, 78, all attended New York City nightclub owner Richie Akiva’s “The After” party on the night of May 23 at a private villa following the AmfAR Gala. 
Edwards’ friend Tyga was also at the event, along with Future, Evan Ross, Odell Beckham Jr., Joe Jonas, and other high-profile guests.
During the night, guests got up to DJ, and the fight happened when Tyga, 34, and Scott were both on stage behind the DJ booth, Entertainment Tonight reported.
The video footage captured by PageSix shows Scott and Edwards throwing punches on stage near the DJ booth, accompanied by a heated exchange between the two. Tyga reportedly stayed behind the DJ booth during the altercation and did not get involved in the physical fight.
The exact details of what sparked the fistfight remain unclear. Witnesses have not reported who initiated the physical contact or the reason for the argument. 
Both Scott and Tyga share a romantic history with reality TV personality and makeup mogul Kylie Jenner, 26. Scott and Jenner, who had an on-and-off relationship from 2017 until their final split in 2022, share two children: daughter Stormi, 6, and son, Aire, 2. Tyga dated “The Kardashians” star on and off for two years before officially ending their relationship in April 2017.
According to his latest job history, Edwards served as the vice president of A&R at Def Jam Records. He is also well-known for his previous relationship with model and reality star Amber Rose. The couple began dating in 2018 and welcomed their son, Slash Electric Alexander Edwards, in 2019. Their relationship ended in 2021. Edwards has been dating Cher since November 2022.
Despite the dramatic events, Scott and Edwards seemed to have avoided serious injury, and the situation was eventually diffused. Security and party organizers intervened to separate the two.
According to reports, Scott left the party shortly after the incident, while Edwards and Tyga remained until late in the night. Earlier in the evening, Cher performed at the AmfAR Gala, which raises money for research to end HIV and AIDS.
RELATED CONTENT: Travis Scott To Play The Toyota Center And Police Are Not Happy
© 2025 Black Enterprise. All Rights Reserved.