by 
	Rebecca Rakowitz

Parenting Writer

Kendall Jenner is the only one of the Kar-Jenner kids who has yet to give Kris Jenner grandbabies. After all, Kris’ daughter Kim Kardashian has four kids with ex-husband Kanye “Ye” West, Kourtney Kardashian has three kids with ex Scott Disick and one with husband Travis Barker, Khloé Kardashian has two with ex Tristan Thompson (although she had an inkling Thompson wasn’t the father), Rob Kardashian has one child with ex Blac Chyna, and Kylie Jenner shares two kids with ex Travis Scott.

	










	Even Kris Jenner’s four former step-kids have kids.













	Related story



	
	
		
					Rihanna Reveals the Hilarious Lengths She Goes to To Get Her Sons’ Attention		
	










	That is an entire herd of cousins (kousins?!) to keep up with! And so many have wondered when Kendall Jenner will become a parent. Especially after last fall, when rumors circulated that she was pregnant with ex-boyfriend Bad Bunny‘s baby. It all started when a wildly deceiving photo of Jenner with a “baby bump” was captured. That bump … was actually the butt of someone passing by her. Womp womp.

	Jenner just set the record straight with Vogue, laying out her family planning ideals with the outlet.



	“When I was young I used to say that by 27 I’d love to have kids,” the 28-year-old said. “Now I’m past that and I feel like I’m still so young. I’m enjoying my kidless freedom.”

	Yup! Because she doesn’t need to plan her family around her birthday, and her “plan” is allowed to change. It’s her body and her life, and she can choose to welcome a child into her life at any time.

	Now, that doesn’t mean she’s a Grinch who isn’t involved in the lives of her nieces and nephews or happy for her friends whose paths to parenthood look different from hers. Jenner just commented on Hailey Bieber and Justin Bieber’s dreamy pregnancy announcement saying, “ahhhh here come the tears again” with a heart emoji. (And we’d bet good money she was crying happy tears for her bestie.)

	Not being a mom isn’t the only way Jenner is different from her sisters. The model is also the only one who doesn’t live within walking distance of her mom’s house. Upon reflection, she guesses she always was one to set boundaries — intentional or otherwise.



	“Even as a kid, I always have been [one to create boundaries],” she said. “There are days when I look at what they have and think, ‘That’s really special.'” 

	“I do like being a little bit removed, but one day I’ll make my way, probably,” she continued. One day. Perhaps with a baby in tow.
These celebs were quick to shut down pregnancy speculation.

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
The stories you care about, delivered daily.
SheKnows is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 SheMedia, LLC. All Rights Reserved.