By Dominik Wilde
February 26, 2024 1:52 PM


		By 		Dominik Wilde | 
				
			February 26, 2024 1:52 PM ET		



Inaugural Nitrocross champion Timmy Hansen will be making his long-awaited return to the series at this week’s 2023-24 season finale in Las Vegas, driving for reigning champion team Dreyer & Reinbold JC.
Hansen last raced in the series in 2021, the category’s first as a full multi-event championship, where he finished third behind Travis Pastrana and Scott Speed.
“I am honored to have the opportunity to race with Dreyer & Reinbold Racing JC,” said Hansen. “The Las Vegas event is shaping up to be an exciting one, and I am eager to compete alongside such a talented team.”
Hansen’s Nitrocross comeback follows RACER’s report that the Hansen family team was evaluating a return to the category. In Vegas, however, he will drive DRR JC’s fourth entry, driven by Conor Daly and Brian Deegan earlier this season.
“We are thrilled to welcome Timmy Hansen to the Dreyer & Reinbold Racing JC family,” said DRR team owner Dennis Reinbold. “Timmy’s talent and dedication to the sport align perfectly with our team’s values and ambitions. We believe his presence will elevate our performance and drive us towards greater success in the Nitrocross arena.”
Hansen won the first-ever Nitrocross competition, then known as Nitro Rallycross, back in 2018, claiming victory in the single-event competition at the Nitro World Games action sports event at the Utah Motorsports Campus. After a tricky start in the final, he banked a series of fastest laps to overhaul early leader Mattias Ekstrom and win by nearly two and a half seconds.
He returned in 2019 – the year he also won the World Rallycross championship – to take third before winning at Utah again, as well as Florida, in the 2021 season.
Nitrocross is one of several racing programs for the elder Hansen brother in 2024. As well as an anticipated continuation in World RX later this year, he has already begun his fourth campaign in Extreme E – he took a Redemption Race win and an overall second at last weekend’s season opener alongside Catie Munnings. Hansen and Munnings also raced in the E1 electric powerboat series earlier this month, finishing third in the consolation ‘Place Race’ in the inaugural event in Saudi Arabia.
Nitrocross

		Dominik often jokes that he was born in the wrong country – a lover of NASCAR and IndyCar, he covered both in a past life as a junior at Autosport in the UK, but he’s spent most of his career to date covering the sliding and flying antics of the U.S.’ interpretation of rallycross. Rather fitting for a man that says he likes “seeing cars do what they’re not supposed to do”, previously worked for a car stunt show, and once even rolled a rally car with Travis Pastrana. He was also comprehensively beaten in a kart race by Sebastien Loeb once, but who hasn’t been?	


				The RACER Mailbag, April 23			



				Trans Am launches West Coast swing at Sonoma			



				Larson battles to two-overtime Xfinity win in Texas			


May 3, 2025 6:16 PM ET 
·

							By: 							Reid Spencer, NASCAR Wire Service 

Crew chief Mardy Lindley called his shot. “We’ve got to stop to win,” Lindley radioed to driver Kyle Larson, subbing for injured (…)

May 3, 2025 6:15 PM ET 
·

							By: 							IndyCar Wire Service 

Dennis Hauger remained perfect this season in Indy NXT by Firestone qualifying, earning the pole for the Grand Prix of Alabama in mixed (…)

May 3, 2025 5:49 PM ET 
·

							By: 							Michael Lamonato 

Max Verstappen scored his third pole in four grands prix by pipping Lando Norris to top spot in qualifying at the Miami Grand Prix. (…)

May 3, 2025 5:23 PM ET 
·

							By: 							Marshall Pruett 

Rinus VeeKay was all smiles after firing the No. 18 Dale Coyne Racing Honda into fifth place for Sunday’s Children’s of Alabama Grand (…)

May 3, 2025 5:10 PM ET 
·

							By: 							Dominik Wilde 

It’s been 840 days since a Mahindra driver last stood on the podium in Formula E. For Nyck de Vries, that gap is 167 days longer, but (…)

May 3, 2025 4:57 PM ET 
·

							By: 							Marshall Pruett 

Add another point to Alex Palou’s championship lead after the Spaniard, who earned his first IndyCar Series win at Barber (…)

May 3, 2025 3:09 PM ET 
·

							By: 							Chris Medland 

Kimi Antonelli says the Turn 1 incident that saw him lose the lead in the Miami Grand Prix Sprint was “over the limit” from Oscar (…)

May 3, 2025 2:58 PM ET 
·

							By: 							Chris Medland 

Lando Norris was left celebrating his good fortune while Oscar Piastri cursed his luck after a late safety car saw Norris take victory in the (…)

May 3, 2025 2:48 PM ET 
·

							By: 							Kelly Crandall 

The clock struck 12; another year has come and gone — 384 days to be exact. No matter the way you choose to describe it, Chase Elliott last (…)

			All contents copyright © 2024, Racer Media & Marketing, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorization. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of our Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions. Racer Media & Marketing, Inc., 2525 Main St, Ste 430, Irvine, CA 92614, 949.417.6700

Partner of USA Today Sports Digital Properties		

			Powered by WordPress VIP