"You been doing that with Atlanta. It's 7, 8, 9, 15 artists that you got songs with in Atlanta."

							By 

	Armon Sadler

Hip-Hop Reporter

	To some people, Drake is a “culture vulture” who jumps on waves or links up with hot artists to keep himself relevant; to other people, he doesn’t shine a big enough spotlight on certain waves or hot artists. Sauce Walka recently revealed that he falls in the latter category and called out the 37-year-old rapper for not working with Houston acts. 

	The 34-year-old artist joined The Breakfast Club for an interview and the 6 God, who recently moved to Houston, came up in conversation. Walka recalled Charlamagne Tha God saying that there would be “no Drake without Houston,” which prompted him to ask why the “It’s Up” rapper doesn’t have more collaborations with Houston artists.

	










	“You been doing that with Atlanta. It’s 7, 8, 9, 15 artists that you got songs with in Atlanta,” he said. “Because why? Not only did you know that the city of Atlanta was gonna look at you weird for not doing that; look at you and feel a certain type of way by you not making those songs and making those moments with their city. But you knew that it was also beneficial for you as an artist to make music with these [artists] because the leveling of stardom and momentum feeds each other.”
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Kendrick Lamar Called "Hypocrite" For Performing With "Deadbeat" Playboi Carti After Dissing Drake		
			






Sauce Walka speaks on Drake using Houston's culture to boost his notoriety and questions why Drake hasn't made songs with a bunch of Houston artists like he did with Atlanta artists.(?The Breakfast Club/YouTube) pic.twitter.com/XJpNzSW3Oa

	Sauce Walka claimed that Drake looks at Houston for the “market share” but hasn’t reached back to uplift their music community as much as he did with other cities. “How did Drake love Houston so much at that time and not have music with artists that you are uplifting from this community?” he asked, before clarifying that he wasn’t advocating for himself to get a collaboration. 

	“It’s bigger than me. From then to now, Travis Scott is the only rapper [from Houston] that got a song with Drake. It makes sense, it’s an equal trade. […] If you are using the lineage and the culture of somebody’s city or somebody’s hometown and backyard, do something that helps not yourself or your notoriety […] do something that makes the economy of that city and music bigger and greater.”

	A few months ago, Bun B, whom Drake has collaborated with on multiple occasions throughout his career, shared his perspective on the part-time crooner’s relationship with Houston. “He’s synonymous with the city of Houston,” the UGK member said. “You see it through his music, through his actions. It’s very hard to separate him from here, and he pretty much lives here now.”
Bun B brings Drake out at the Houston Rodeo ? pic.twitter.com/gadRYKF8qB
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.