Rich Homie Quan is dead, per a report from TMZ.
Thursday, the outlet said it had confirmed Quan’s death through reps from his family and Fulton County. According to the report, Quan died at his home in Atlanta. He was 33. No cause of death was mentioned.
Born Dequantes Devontay Lamar, Quan broke through with the Hot 100-charting "Type of Way" back in 2013, though he already had a pair of mixtapes under his belt at this point, 2012’s I Go in on Every Song and Still Goin In. The latter received a Reloaded edition in 2013, which provided a springboard for "Type of Way" to peak at No. 50 on the Hot 100. A Jeezy and Meek Mill-featuring remix was also released.
By 2015, Quan, whose influence is still readily apparent to this day, had bested that peak with a No. 26 high for "Flex (Ooh, Ooh, Ooh)," a track taken from his If You Ever Think I Will Stop Goin’ In Ask RR tape.
Rich as in Spirit, Quan’s debut studio album, arrived in 2018 through Motown and was an almost entirely featureless endeavor, save for "Think About It" with Rick Ross. "Lifestyle" collaborators Quan and Young Thug, meanwhile, were arguably the focal point for the Cash Money supergroup Rich Gang. The two collaborated several times, in fact, including on Travis Scott’s "Mamacita" and Gucci Mane’s "Chasen Paper," not to mention the mutual catalog highlight "Up Up and Away." Just this week, Quan's name was briefly mentioned on the witness stand during Thug's lengthy YSL RICO trial in Georgia.
But the revered (and, for many, still-in-rotation) Quan cuts don’t stop there. In 2013, he appeared alongside Jeezy on YG’s My Krazy Life single "My N***a," alternately known as "My Hitta." The Mustard-produced hit later landed on Complex’s year-end rundown of the best songs of 2013.
In 2022, Rich Homie made headlines for partnering with Troy Carter and Suzy Ryoo's Venice Music to release music independently via his new venture, Rich Homie Entertainment. One of his notable releases was "Krazy."
In July 2024, Quan recruited 2 Chainz for "Ah’chi," a track he previewed shortly before its release during his Gazebo Festival performance in Louisville. 
Speaking with Diana Umana for Revolt at the time, Quan was candid on the topic of legacy, even going so far as to detail how he would like to be remembered.
"Remember me as an original. As [an] artist who did it his way. Remember me as a hard kid from Atlanta with a dream, who believed in himself and bettered himself — and won," he was quoted as telling the publication.
Following Thursday's tragic news, many were quick to pay their respects to the 33-year-old gone far too soon. Boosie Badazz, for example, said he had "just talked" to Quan, adding that he would "never forget" his smile or his music.
RIP.
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.