By CASSIE CARPENTER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  16:57, 14 February 2024   |  Updated:  16:26, 15 February 2024   
 13
View  comments
Emily Ratajkowski bundled up for a Valentine's Day stroll in Manhattan's West Village on Wednesday not far from her downtown apartment.
The 32-year-old DNA Model braved the freezing winter weather in a blue hooded Fred Segal x Perfect Moment puffer coat over a black hoodie, matching leggings, and white running shoes.
Emily - wearing silver sunglasses and old-school headphones - chopped her signature long brunette mane to a little over shoulder length last Saturday.
Last Thursday, Ratajkowski shared a TikTok that 'only gals will understand' where a man could be heard saying: 'Did you see the women I dated after you?'
The London-born SoCal native - who boasts 41M social media followers - lip-synched back: 'Yeah. They only dated you because you dated me. They were like, "Oh, I guess he must have something."'
Emily Ratajkowski bundled up for a Valentine's Day stroll in Manhattan's West Village on Wednesday not far from her downtown apartment
Down the Drain author and socialite Julia Fox commented 'factual' on Emily's post.
Ratajkowski has enjoyed 'situationships' with French comedian Stéphane Bak, Grammy winner Harry Styles, DJ Orazio Rispo, comedian Eric André, SNL alum Pete Davidson, artist Jack Greer, and Oscar winner Brad Pitt.
On March 8, the Tory Burch FW/24 catwalker will celebrate the third birthday of her son Sylvester Apollo Bear from her four-year marriage to 'serial cheater' - Sebastian Bear-McClard - which ended in 2022.
The 36-year-old Independent Spirit Award-nominated producer faced sexual misconduct and grooming allegations from other actresses last year.
Last week, Emily said she was 'thrilled' to be in talks to portray Felix's (Will Sharpe) ex-girlfriend Polly in Lena Dunham's 10-episode rom-com Too Much for Netflix.
Polly is described as the exact opposite of New York workaholic-turned-London transplant Jessica played by Hacks star Megan Stalter - according to Variety.
The 37-year-old Golden Globe winner famously modeled for Ratajkowski's seven-year-old bikini brand Inamorata back in 2018.
The Travis Scott video vixen also keeps busy with her paid partnerships for brands like Kerastase, Hourglass Cosmetics, and Viktor&Rolf Fragrances.
But Emily first found fame as a topless model in Robin Thicke and Pharrell Williams' 2013 music video for Blurred Lines.
The 32-year-old DNA Model braved the freezing winter weather in a blue hooded Fred Segal x Perfect Moment puffer coat over a black hoodie, matching leggings, and white running shoes
Emily - wearing silver sunglasses and old-school headphones - chopped her signature long brunette mane to a little over shoulder length last Saturday
Last Thursday, Ratajkowski shared a TikTok that 'only gals will understand' where a man could be heard saying: 'Did you see the women I dated after you?'
The London-born SoCal native - who boasts 41M social media followers - lip-synched back: 'Yeah. They only dated you because you dated me. They were like, "Oh, I guess he must have something"'
Down the Drain author and socialite Julia Fox commented 'factual' on Emily's post
On March 8, Ratajkowski will celebrate the third birthday of her son Sylvester Apollo Bear (pictured last Friday) from her four-year marriage to 'serial cheater' - Sebastian Bear-McClard - which ended in 2022
Last week, the Tory Burch FW/24 catwalker said she was 'thrilled' to be in talks to portray Felix's (Will Sharpe) ex-girlfriend Polly in Lena Dunham's 10-episode rom-com Too Much for Netflix
Polly is described as the exact opposite of New York workaholic-turned-London transplant Jessica played by Hacks star Megan Stalter (R, pictured December 11)
The 37-year-old Golden Globe winner (R) famously modeled for Emily's seven-year-old bikini brand Inamorata back in 2018

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group