The Poosh founder wore some unexpected footwear
What is that saying about married couples starting to look alike? Well, Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker may be the best recent example of that. 
On Sunday, the husband and wife were seen out in Calabasas grabbing morning beverages while coordinating in slouchy rocker outfits. The Poosh founder paired an oversize black hoodie and sweatpants with some unexpected footwear: furry black boots. (You can shop a similar style at Farfetch.) She accessorized only with long black rectangular sunglasses, wore her hair down in a wavy bob, and seemed to have on no jewelry or makeup.
Barker wore a white graphic T-shirt under a black Prada bomber jacket, along with black trousers and black and white Vans sneakers. He, too, added elongated black shades.
Kardashian and Barker held hands on their walk and chatted as they held their drinks.
The couple just got home after having been overseas while Barker toured Australia and New Zealand with Blink-182.
To mark the conclusion of the tour, the drummer shared a series of photos on Instagram—of himself drumming in front of the enormous crowd, of the band together, of himself and Kardashian, and of baby son Rocky Thirteen’s tiny foot resting on his drum set. “Tour was over, we’d survived,” he wrote in his post caption.
Kardashian and Barker welcomed Rocky, their only child together, four months ago, and have since shared several snaps of their blended family at home and on tour with Barker.
The reality star shared her own Instagram post in February, with images of herself and Barker on the road with their baby boy, as well as with two of Kardashian’s other three children: daughter Penelope, 12, and son Reign, 9, whom she shares with ex-boyfriend Scott Disick. Her oldest son, Mason, 14, did not seem to be present.
Barker is also dad to adult son and daughter Landon and Alabama, as well as stepdaughter Atiana De La Hoya.
Duchess Meghan Wishes She Had Met Princess Diana
Duchess Meghan Receives a Letter From Her Kids
Kylie Jenner Heralds the Onset of Summer in White
Meghan Markle Says She Emails Her Kids Every Night
Who Is Pharrell Williams' Wife, Helen Lasichanh?
Meghan Markle Gushes About Prince Harry on Podcast
Duchess Meghan Is Done Playing the "Prove It Game"
Meghan Markle Talks About Running for Office
Sydney Sweeney Western-Inspired Corset Stuns
Meghan Markle Goes Makeup-Free for New Interview
Emily Blunt and Stanley Tucci Reunite
Blake Lively Is Radiant in Two Spring Looks
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.