Catherine McKenzie Cook. (Courtesy photo)
FAIRFIELD — Catherine McKenzie Cook has been named grand marshal of the Fairfield Veterans Day Parade. 
A 1976 Fairfield High graduate, Cook was among the first women admitted to the U.S. Air Force Academy, graduating in 1980, and served 12 years in active and reserve duty.
She was a senior at Fairfield High when President Gerald Ford signed the law allowing women into the academies, thankful she had the high school classwork to qualify.
Cook called being named grand marshal an honor.
"I obviously have fans in the community who nominated me," Cook said. "It is just an honor to be that important role in the Veterans Day Parade."
Beyond the parade, however, the day has great meaning.
"Veterans Day means a lot of things, but the number-one thing is (honoring) the many people who raised their hands and were willing to serve," she said.
Cook added their sacrifices cannot be dismissed, and that extends to the families of those who serve.
The first six years of Cook's career was in active duty, during which she was part of air traffic control. The next three were in the Air Force Reserve, during which she was often sent to Scott Air Force Base in Illinois to be part of the Air Force Communications Command, now known as the Combat Communications Command. She would spend her final three years in the Reserves as part of the 162nd Communications Group outside McClellan Air Force Base in North Highlands.
"After her service, she earned a master’s in public administration from (University of California,) Hayward and has since contributed to the community in various roles, including as a Public Works analyst for the city of Fairfield and as an aide to (former county Supervisor Jim Spering) from 2002 to 2022," the city stated.
She also served on the Solano County Airport Land-Use Advisory Commission.
"She now serves as an associate planner for Solano County and manages the Nut Tree Airport," the city stated.
Her role at Nut Tree completes a family circle.
Her father, Rod McKenzie, was an avid flyer and an active member at Nut Tree.
Entries for the parade are due Oct. 21. Go to fairfield.ca.gov/vetparade.
The parade, with the theme “Never forget, forever honor,” is scheduled to start at 12:30 p.m. The route will travel down Kentucky Street to Great Jones Street, then turn up Texas Street to Washington Avenue.
Travis Air Force Base will hold a Commemoration Ceremony and Concert at 10 a.m. at the Downtown Theatre, 1035 Texas St.
Admission to both events is free and open to the public.
For more information, visit www.fairfield.ca.gov/vetparade.
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers:
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Have the latest local news delivered every afternoon so you don't miss out on updates.
Each day's obituaries, delivered to your inbox.
Receive occasional local offers from our website and its advertisers.
Get the latest headlines on local sports!
Get our expert short-term forecast, summary of the weather details and news of any severe weather.
We'll send breaking news and news alerts to you as they happen!
 Receive our newspaper electronically with the e-Edition email.
Best trending stories from the week.
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.