Taylor Swift's family is delighted that she has found love with Travis Kelce because they think he can keep her "safe."
The Kansas City Chiefs star is a towering 6ft5 and weighs an impressive 250lbs meaning he can almost be viewed as a "built in bodyguard", an insider has claimed. The revelation comes after Taylor's dad found himself at the centre of an altercation with a photographer in Sydney.
The insider said: "Taylor’s family and everyone who knows her is so relieved by her relationship with Travis – not only because she is madly in love but also because he makes her security personnel job much easier." The source admitted that everyone knows Travis would go above and beyond in order to protect Taylor too.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Kanye West treats pantsless wife Bianca Censori to a shopping trip in Paris as she ditches bra
They continued to DailyMail.com: "No one will try to come close to her when she is holding hands with her powerhouse boyfriend." Travis has previously discussed his role as Taylor's protector during a chat with his brother Jason Kelce on their podcast New Heights.
The pair had just started dating when Travis talked about what it was like stepping out on dates in NYC with Taylor. He said: "I feel like whenever I'm on a date, I'm always having the sense that I'm a man in the situation. I'm protective, yeah, for sure. You always have to have that feeling or self-awareness, I guess."
Travis has regularly been seen taking personal responsibility for Taylor's safety and moving her security team to one side as he ensures she gets from place to place with no grief. The touching move is something that her fans have picked up on and discussed on social media.
One fan noted: "Travis is literally such a gentleman like the amount of times he touched her to make sure she was safe, and he let the bodyguard know he wanted to get his woman out of the car... Taylor Swift you deserve this." A second added: "The thing with Travis acting as Taylor's personal bodyguard as well as her boyfriend is that I would be way more scared of him tackling me than any random bodyguard..."
Travis himself was reportedly very upset when he learned of the incident where Taylor's dad, Scott, 71, was accused of assaulting a photographer in Australia because of 'threatening' behaviour. Ben McDonald, 51, claimed he was struck at a ferry wharf in the suburb of Neutral Bay at about 2.30am on Tuesday. Taylor's team alleged that the photographer "threatened to throw a female staff member into the water."
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.