However, the Atlanta rapper isn't ruling out a possible movie based on his life. 

							By 

	Marc Griffin

Staff Writer, News

21 Savage confirmed that his American Dream teaser trailer is a “parody.” During an interview with Club Shay Shay, Shannon Sharpe asked him about his upcoming movie. The former athlete asked him when the movie was hitting theaters. 

	The rapper came clean about the project and admitted that it was created as a joke. “Nah, that was a parody,” he said. However, Sharpe asserted that, jokes aside, 21’s life would make a captivating story. The 31-year-old artist agreed but stated that the endeavor would probably arrive further down the line. “I feel like it could be one day,” 21 added. “They would hate on it now though. Because they gon’ be like, ‘[Why] the f**k 21 Savage deserves… a movie about him for? What he did?’ You know how they do.”

	










	In early January, the Atlanta-based artist released the trailer for American Dream. The teaser takes audiences through Savage’s life story with Donald Glover and Caleb McLaughlin playing him as an adult and kid, respectively. Scenes show the two actors portraying the artist as he’s confronted by law enforcement, gets tattoos, performs with Metro Boomin (Jabari Banks), wins a GRAMMY, and celebrates with his family. The parody also featured a theatrical poster showing 21, Donald, and Caleb posing with each other. 
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Anthony Edwards Mocks Shannon Sharpe's "Lakers In 5" Quote After Winning Playoff Series		
			







	Glover’s Happy Place Productions helped produce American Dream. Stephen Glover, Jamal Olori, Fam Udeorji, and Luis Perez directed the teaser. It was written by Jamal Olori and Stephen Glover. The film is also executive produced by Tara Razavi and Fam Udeorji.

	As fans geared up for the film, they were instead greeted with an album of the same name. The album was released on Friday (Jan. 12) and immediately hit No.1 on the Billboard 200. American Dream was a 15-track project that dove into 21’s life story. Savage’s LP featured contributions from Travis Scott, Doja Cat, Young Thug, Summer Walker, Metro Boomin, Brent Faiyaz, Mariah The Scientist, and more.
A post shared by @21savage
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.