Searching for your content...

                        In-Language News
                    

Contact Us


 888-776-0942

from 8 AM - 10 PM ET

Aug 27, 2024, 09:40 ET
Share this article
DUBAI, UAE, Aug. 27, 2024 /PRNewswire/ -- Bybit, the world's second-largest cryptocurrency exchange by trading volume, is excited to announce an exclusive campaign offering users the guaranteed opportunity to win Early Bird Tickets to Romania's most anticipated urban music event, the "Beach, Please! Festival 2025". Set against the stunning backdrop of Costinești's seaside, this festival promises to be the highlight of the summer from July 9 to July 13, 2025.

Following the phenomenal success of last year's festival, where Travis Scott captivated a record-breaking audience of over 120,000 fans, this year's event is poised to be even bigger, with surprises that will elevate the festival experience to new heights.

Following the phenomenal success of last year's festival, where Travis Scott captivated a record-breaking audience of over 120,000 fans, this year's event is poised to be even bigger, with surprises that will elevate the festival experience to new heights.
How to Enter the Competition:
Step 1: Register for the Event
Step 2: Complete Your Identity Verification
Step 3: Make Your First Deposit
Step 4: Submit Your Details
Whether you're an urban music fan or simply looking for an unforgettable summer experience, the Beach, Please! Festival 2025 is where you need to be. With Bybit's guaranteed ticket giveaway, your spot at one of Europe's premier music festivals is now more secure than ever.
#Bybit / #TheCryptoArk
About Bybit
Bybit is the world's second-largest cryptocurrency exchange by trading volume, serving over 40 million users. Established in 2018, Bybit provides a professional platform where crypto investors and traders can find an ultra-fast matching engine, 24/7 customer service, and multilingual community support. Bybit is a proud partner of Formula One's reigning Constructors' and Drivers' champions: the Oracle Red Bull Racing team.
For more details about Bybit, please visit Bybit Press.For media inquiries, please contact: [email protected]For more information, please visit: https://www.bybit.comFor updates, please follow: Bybit's Communities and Social Media
Discord | Facebook | Instagram | LinkedIn | Reddit | Telegram | TikTok | X | Youtube
Photo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2490445/image.jpgLogo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2267288/Logo.jpg
Bybit, the world's second-largest cryptocurrency exchange by trading volume, extended a warm welcome to an international delegation from the St. Paul ...
Bybit, the world's second-largest cryptocurrency exchange by trading volume, in partnership with FXStreet published a comprehensive report...
Cryptocurrency
Cryptocurrency
Do not sell or share my personal information: