Rumours Kylie Jenner is pregnant with her third baby have gone into overdrive a tweet from a fan went viral on New Year's Eve.
The Kardashians star and lipkit mogul already has two children with ex-partner Travis Scott and is now rumoured to be pregnant again with boyfriend of 18 months Timothée Chalamet.
The pair started dating in April 2023 before making their first public appearance at Beyonce's Renaissance tour the following September. While neither Kylie, 27, or Timothée, 29, have commented directly on their romance, sources close to the couple have said the relationship is going strong and they even spent Christmas together.
On New Year's Eve, fans of the couple went into a tailspin after a tweet reading: "I think *redacted* is pregnant and if i’m right this app is gonna be on fire real soon," went viral.
Thousands of X users began to reply with Kylie's name as they pointed to a series of clues the billionaire influencer was pregnant again.
"Timothee gonna be a step dad to two kids and his own at a young age," said one fan. "A little kymothee on the way," added another, while a third said if the news was confirmed it would 'break the internet.'
Other fans began circulating another video of Kylie taking days before, where she appeared in a video with her eldest child Stormi. Kylie could be seen actively trying to hide her stomach with a huge shopping bag. The mum could be seen actively pressing the bag to her every time it slipped.
"She's so pregnant," replied one fan. "When will this family end!?" joked another.
While other fans pointed to recent pictures of Kylie where they claimed she has 'pregnancy nose' - an apparent swelling of the features due to a change in hormones.
Kylie and her actor boyfriend are yet to comment on the rumours. It wouldn't be the first time Kylie has kept a pregnancy under wraps. While pregnant with her first child Stormi Kylie managed to avoid being pictured pregnant for nine months - choosing to reveal her baby news publicly for the first time after Stormi had been born.
Before Christmas, Kylie revealed the adorable moment she let Stormi watched the pregnancy and birth video for the first time with fans.
The Kylie Cosmetics star released footage of her pregnancy journey on YouTube and showed it to her now six-year-old to document her reaction. "I thought it was time to show her the ‘To Our Daughter’ video," wrote Kylie. "I can’t believe its been 7 years.)
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.