e-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
Sign up for email newsletters
e-Edition

			Trending:		
An Air Force major general called the new commander of the 349th Air Mobility Wing, a reserve unit at Travis Air Force base, “the right person in the right job at the right time.”
Speaking Sunday morning in the KC-46 hangar on the sprawling base south of Vacaville, Maj. Gen. D. Scott Durham, who leads the Fourth Air Force, also a reserve command, referred to Col. Patrick L. Brady-Lee, who, moments later, would grip the wing’s colors in his hands.
In the few seconds Brady-Lee held the flag during the assumption-of-command ceremony in the six-story hangar, it symbolized the formal posting to his newest assignment in a 24-year and ongoing Air Force career: leading the 349th, the largest “associate wing” in the U.S. Air Force Reserve, comprised of 2,700 reservists and civilians from across the nation.
After recounting the colonel’s career highlights and education, Durham then introduced Brady-Lee, a 2000 graduate of the Air Force Academy and a decorated combat pilot, and a few shouts rose up from some of the 800 airmen gathered in the hangar.
The new commander, the former deputy commander for the 97th Air Mobility Wing at Altus AFB, Oklahoma, said his brief remarks would touch on “three things: faith, family and freedom.”
A native of Altus and the son of a retired Army staff sergeant, Brady-Lee said his latest assignment left him “humbled, honored and grateful.”
He also thanked myriad active-duty personnel at the base and looked forward to working with Solano County’s “civilian partners.”
Standing at the lectern and looking down from the rostrum to a first row of nearby seats, Brady-Lee, clearly addressing his wife, children, relatives and friends, said, “I could not be on this journey without you.”
Looking directly at his wife, Melissa Brady-Lee, he added, “You continue to be my rock.”
Reflecting on what service means to him, he then said it “is something people take lightly — I don’t.”
Referring to the literal taking into his hands the 349th’s colors, Brady-Lee — sharply dressed in a formal blue uniform, beribboned with medals and small silver eagle insignia on the epaulets, signifying the rank of colonel — said many people ask him whether he was ready to take charge of his new unit.
“I don’t know if I’m ready, but I’m prepared,” he said firmly as late-morning sunshine entered the mammoth hangar and a massive KC-46 Pegasus, the latest generation of air refueling tankers and newly arrived at Travis, stood parked a few steps away from the building’s doors.
Toward the end of his remarks, Brady-Lee, a senior pilot with more than 2,700 flight hours, said, “The world is changing,” a reference to not only its current turmoil but also to national security risks to the United States, specifically mentioning wars in Europe and Israel and potential military threats from the People’s Republic of China.
The ceremony began at 11 a.m. with music from a five-member brass and woodwind ensemble and the marching into the hangar of a four-member color guard. Lt. Col. Daniel Noyer sang a spirited rendition of “The Star-Spangled Banner,” and Maj. Kemuel Bellows, a chaplain, invoked a prayer for Brady-Lee’s command to reach “higher heights of excellence.”
At the outset of his remarks, Durham — a 1990 graduate of The Citadel who recently attended the Harvard Kennedy School and today leads 300 units and 32,000 personnel in the Fourth Air Force, heaquartered in Moreno Valley — recalled the history of Travis Air Force Base and the 349th.
In more detail about Brady-Lee’s background, he noted the colonel was deployed to Kabul, Afghanistan, from 2015 to 2016 “was about to get a Ph.D in leadership” and as commander of the 349th.
With the “weight of responsibility,” unit commanders must “focus on fundamentals,” said Durham, adding that commanders are “required to lead” by demonstrating “exemplary conduct” coupled “with a propensity for action.”
He also alluded the U.S. military’s recent struggles to recruit new people to join the services, without mentioning an October New York Times report of how the Army, Navy and Air Force have tried several different ways to attract new people. They include relaxing enlistment standards, the setting up of remedial schools for recruits who can’t pass entry tests, and the offering of signing bonuses worth up to $75,000. Yet this year, the three services together still fell short by more than 25,000 recruits as the military faces stiff competition from civilian employers. The Marine Corps, however, met its recruiting goal.
Durham called members of the 349th “a group of volunteers” and advised Brady-Lee “to embrace that.”
The 349th flies not only the KC-46 but also the C-5 Super Galaxy, C-17 Globemaster III and KC-10 Extender. Currently, it is the only Air Force Reserve unit that flies four weapons systems as well as having an aeromedical mission.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group