Jill Staffanson Thom
Jill Staffanson-Thom, 62, Sidney, MT, passed away Nov. 11, 2024.
Jill's Celebration of Life Services are planned for the spring of 2025. Fulkerson Stevenson Funeral Home, Sidney, MT, is assisting the family.
Jill Staffanson Thom was born March 9, 1962, to Ramona and Leroy Staffanson, Sidney, MT. She attended Sidney High School, graduating in 1980.
Active in 4-H during high school, at home Jill also showed mechanical aptitude while enjoying helping her dad in the shop. During high school and after graduation, she was employed at Sidney Hardees - a position she enjoyed a great deal.
In September 1984, Jill welcomed her daughter, Megan Claire into her life. After the birth of her daughter, Megan, Jill accepted a position at Sunshine Bakery. She later transitioned to Reynold's Market. In all of Jill's work positions, a common thread evolved - she enjoyed customers and, as a result, made many long-term friends.
Jill relocated to Glendive in 2000 to attend Dawson Community College, working at the local Reynold's there at the same time. Graduating from the community college with an associate of science degree in medical transcription, Jill accepted a position at Glendive Medical Center's medical records department.
In 2005, Jill met the love of her life, Glenn Thom. The two dated briefly and would have married sooner than they did, were it not for the local Episcopalian priest insisting they complete marriage classes first. Thus, they were married on Nov. 19, 2005.
Those who are aware of Jill's medical history, know that, back in 1994, she was diagnosed with Stage IV parotid gland cancer. She had surgery and radiation treatment at Mayo Clinic, Rochester MN. Being the scrapper she was, Jill went through it all and came out of it with radiation burns to show for the stay.
While Jill received a clean bill of health for her cancer, the long-term effects of the radical treatment were yet to materialize. But it wasn't until Jill and Glenn had been married for some years that Jill's health began a slow but steady decline. In 2012, Jill and Glenn sold their antique and collectibles business and moved a new home to Jill's birthplace south of Sidney.
Jill and Glenn were together at Jill's passing, with Glenn taking wonderful care of her during her deteriorating health. Jill went to her awaited home in heaven on Monday, Nov. 11, 2024.
Jill was very creative - she could sew, knit, crochet anything you could imagine. She was also adept at playing enjoyable table games such as pinochle and 1000-piece puzzles. Jill also had a fondness for things Disney - especially Mickey Mouse. She loved the rulers of her home - basset hounds, mostly taken in as strays.
Jill always made herself available for her children and grandchildren. While she could, she made it to sports games, performances, holiday programs - of whatever they were a part.
Surviving Jill are husband Glenn; daughter Megan (Butch) Berreth; stepchildren Jesse (Jodi) Thom and Melanie Travis (Tim Schnarrs); Jill's brother Scott and his wife Gail; grandchildren Boss Berreth, Zoe and Vincent Thom, and Bailey Berreth; and special cousins Vicki Vaira and Elaine Gregory.
Jill was preceded in death by her mother Ramona, father Leroy, and her dear cousin Karla Brown.
Powered by ROAR Online Publication Software from Lions Light Corporation
     © Copyright 2025