By KIRSTEN MURRAY FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  12:43, 24 June 2024   |  Updated:  12:47, 24 June 2024   
 50
View  comments
Sophie Turner and her boyfriend Peregrine Pearson were among the stars who joined Taylor Swift as the singer and her celebrity friends partied the night away into the early hours of Monday morning. 
Following her three sold out shows at Wembley Stadium, the Love Story hitmaker let her hair down at Chiltern Firehouse alongside her boyfriend Travis Kelce. 
Sophie and Peregrine joined the singer as they were seen in their taxi after enjoying the Eras show from the VIP tent. 
The Game Of Thrones star, 28, kept it casual as she opted for a simple black vest top with a scooping neckline and some straight cut black jeans. 
Completing the look with a pair of burgundy heels, she kept her makeup to a minimum while she wore her blonde locks down. 
Sophie Turner and her boyfriend Peregrine Pearson joined Taylor Swift's entourage for an evening of late night partying at Chiltern Firehouse on Sunday evening
The Game Of Thrones star, 28, kept it casual as she opted for a simple black vest top with a scooping neckline and some straight cut black jeans
Meanwhile Peregrine wore an open pale blue shirt over a white T-shirt.
Sophie and Peregrine attended Taylor's final show in London on Sunday night, before she returns for five more dates in August. 
The actress was seen in the VIP tent alongside a string of other stars who were in attendance including Sir Paul McCartney, Phoebe Waller-Bridge, Andrew Scott, Ellie Goulding and Cate Blanchett.
Sophie was spotted putting on a jovial display as she wrapped her arm around her friend Gracie Abrams while enjoying a drink.
So far her London dates have attracted some of the biggest names in Britain, including Prince William, Prince George and Princess Charlotte. 
Sophie and Peregrine confirmed their relationship last December after it was revealed last September that Sophie and Joe had filed for divorce.
However, while Sophie is looking loved up, Joe's relationship hit the rocks late last month with reports he has split from his girlfriend Stormi Bree. 
The singer and the model have reportedly called it quits after five months together, Page Six have revealed. 
Meanwhile Peregrine wore an open pale blue shirt over a white T-shirt
Following her three sold out shows at Wembley Stadium, the Love Story hitmaker let her hair down alongside her boyfriend Travis Kelce
Joe and Sophie are parents to daughters Willa, three, and Delphine, one, they tied the knot in 2019 before announcing their divorce last September 
Meanwhile Sophie and Peregrine's relationship is going strong after they were seen together at Paris Fashion week back in March. 
They also enjoyed a ski holiday together in December where they confirmed their loved up status.  
Peregrine is the eldest son and heir of Michael Pearson, the 4th Viscount Cowdray – a former film producer who owns a significant chunk of the Pearson media empire.
While Sophie is said to be worth a whopping £10million, this pales in comparison to Peregrine's family fortune which is said to be more than £224million. 
He has a £5million pad in Chelsea while his father owns a sprawling mansion in West Sussex with 22 bedrooms and 16,500 acres of grounds.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group