Saturday, May 3, 2025
RONALD L. HARRIS, 89, of Saint Johns, Michigan, formerly of Grand Blanc, passed away Saturday, October 19, 2024 at Hazel I. Findlay Care Center. A mass dedicated to he and his wife will be given on Saturday, November 9 at 8 a.m. at the Church of the Holy Family, 11804 S. Saginaw St., in Grand Blanc. A memorial service in his honor will take place at 10 a.m. with visitation starting at 9 a.m. Saturday, November 9, 2024 at Detroit Cremation Society (formerly Martin Funeral Home), 8253 S. Saginaw St. in Grand Blanc. In accordance with Mr. Harris’ wishes, cremation has taken place. Those desiring may direct contributions to Hazel I Findlay Country Manor, St. Johns Michigan.
Mr. Harris was born January 7, 1935, in Flint, the son of Mr. and Mrs. FL and Marjorie (Hull) Harris. As a young man, he heeded the call of his county, serving in the National Guard for three years, including serving at the site of the horribly deadly 1953 Flint-Beecher tornado. He attained his Degree from GMI (General Motors Institute). He worked for Buick as a Tool and Die Maker in the mid-fifties, then with Dolza International Engineering until 1964 when he returned to Buick as a Professional Engineer. He retired from Buick in 1983 then worked for Stahl Manufacturing, ALCOA, and as a consultant leading workshops in value engineering for many corporations.
He and Yvonne DeSerres were united in marriage on May 15, 1954, in Flint. She preceded him in death November 3, 2018. He was involved with and served in various leadership capacities for various professional organizations including SAE, SAVE, and SAWE. He and Yvonne were involved with the Church of the Holy Family in Grand Blanc and served many years with Engaged and Marriage Encounter events. He also particularly enjoyed learning about, sharing the history of and portraying St. Nicholas for family, social and corporate events. He had a lifelong interest and love of all things to do with the lake life with family including growing up on Lake Fenton then as an adult with his own and extended family at his parents’ cottage on Fife Lake. All of his family will always remember many family gatherings where he would enjoy preparing food and visiting with everyone. Finally, he had a well-developed interest in all things technological and specifically anything to do with the evolution of automotive design and mechanical engineering.
Left to cherish his memory are his two surviving children, Cynthia Smedes, Chris and wife Marianne Harris; four grandchildren, Tim and his wife Nora Aulph, Gabriel and his wife Tiffany Harris, Kathryn and her husband John Reikow, Greg and his husband Travis Howe; nine great-grandchildren, Chrissi, Sophie, Sam, Henry, Emilia, Clark, Harrison, Fox, and Charlotte.
Ronald was preceded in death by his parents; wife, Yvonne; sister, Beverly; brother, Jim; son, Scott, and great-grandson, Gavin. 
The family wishes to specially thank the good people at Hazel I Findlay Country Manor who accepted Ron and lovingly gave him his best possible last years when he could no longer care for himself. 
Mihomepaper

Our Hometown
DMCA NoticesNewspaper website content management software and services