Fat Joe performs at the BET Awards on Sunday, June 25, 2023, at the Microsoft Theater in Los Angeles.  Watch tonight as he returns to host the 2024 BET Hip Hop Awards. (AP Photo/Mark Terrill)Mark Terrill/Invision/AP
What TV channel is the 2024 Bet Hip Hop Awards on? What time does the 2024 BET Hip Hop Awards start?
Grammy-nominated artist Fat Joe hosts a celebration of the year’s top hip-hop stars The BET Hip Hop Awards will air live on BET on Tuesday, October 15 (10/15/2024) at 8 p.m. ET on BET. The awards will be available to stream live on Philo (free trial), fuboTV (free trial), and more TV services listed below.
Megan Thee Stallion leads the 2024 BET Hip Hop Awards nominations with 12 nods. Lamar trailed just behind Megan with 11 nominations, while Drake received eight. Cardi B, GloRilla, Metro Boomin, and Minaj each earned seven nods, followed by Future and Travis Scott with six apiece. 21 Savage and 41 garnered four nominations each, and A$AP Rocky, Common, Lil Wayne, Pete Rock, and Sexyy Red secured three each.
Even if you don’t have traditional cable, you can still stream this year’s event on Philo (free trial), fuboTV (free trial), and DirecTV Stream (free trial).
Philo - This is the best name for budget live TV around. You get 60+ channels and unlimited DVR for just $28/month, and it’s currently offering a 7-day free trial. You won’t find a ton of sports options on Philo, but if you love entertainment and lifestyle channels, like Paramount Network, Comedy Central, BET and more, the price can’t be beat.
fuboTV offers one of the widest selections of channels among live TV streaming services. More than 190 channels, including all the sports and entertainment you love, plus sports add-ons for those niche networks you rely on, and it all starts with a free trial. The best part is, you can even enjoy a free trial for the Elite level plan, which adds extras like NBA TV, NHL Network, ESPNU, and more. Get a 7-day free trial today.
DirecTV Stream - It’s a subscription streaming service that lets you watch live TV from major broadcast and popular cable networks. Enjoy local and national live sports, breaking news and must-see shows the moment they air. Included: unlimited cloud DVR storage space so you can record as many shows as you want and stream them from wherever you go. DTV Stream starts at $79.98 per month.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices