By HEIDI PARKER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  22:28, 4 October 2024   |  Updated:  22:37, 4 October 2024   
 165
View  comments
Kylie Jenner has shared a video that shows fans exactly what her day is really like.
The reality TV vixen wakes up at 8 am with bedhead while in a skimpy black negligee in her Hidden Hills, California mansion.
She then carries her kids to the kitchen where she makes pancakes from scratch as she also gives the tots fruit and cut-up pieces of sausages.
Next the 27-year-old makeup mogul is seen washing her face with white cleanser as her hair is tied back.
When in her gunmetal gray SUV she applies lip gloss as she models a white Khy tank top she 'can't live without' and black leggings. She also holds onto a black Hermes Birkin bag.
Kylie Jenner has shared a video that shows fans exactly what her day is really like. The reality TV vixen wakes up at 8 am with bedhead while in a skimpy black negligee in her Hidden Hills, California mansion
Once in her Hidden Hills office she gets made up with plum tones for her photo shoot
Then she is at her Khy/Kylie Cosmetics office in Hidden Hills where she gets made up by her artist Ariel.
Jenner teases a photo shoot that she says her fans will think is very special.
There is a shallow pool of water with a mirror platform on it, a fog machine and fake snow.
It appears to be a shoot for a Christmas campaign for Kyle Cosmetics or Khy.
All that can be seen is her Perspex high-heeled shoes as she is covered up with a black robe. And very small blue dots are put on the inside of her hand which hints special effects are involved.
At the end of the clip it is clearly nighttime. She says she has rubbed off her makeup and is ready to lie down. 
The mother of two makes her kids pancakes from scatch
Jenner flips the mini pancakes herself
The children have potatoes, fruit, sausages and raisin bread with their pancakes
This comes after she slipped into one of the latest pieces from her clothing line Khy.
The raven-haired looker sizzled in a skintight white minidress in a slew of new photos shared to the brand's official Instagram on Thursday.
'Kylie wearing the long sleeve ruched mini dress in shell,' the Khy team dished in the post's caption, adding that it is now available to purchase on the Khy's website.
The slideshow kicks off with a sizzling snap of Kylie — who recently wowed at Paris Fashion Week — flashing bedroom eyes at the camera as she wraps her arms around herself. 
Another more moody shot shows her looking down as her damp brunette hair flows down past her chest. 
Khy is the newest of Jenner's business venture as she famously built her billion-dollar empire by selling Kylie Lip Kits, a liquid lipstick and lip liner set, back in 2015.
After a successful start, the company was renamed from Lip Kit by Kylie to it's current name, Kylie Cosmetics, in 2016.
By 2018, Forbes reported the company to be valued at $800 million and then in March 2019 it rose to $900 million.
In 2019, Coty acquired a 51% stake in Kylie Cosmetics for $600 million, valuing the company at around $1.2 billion. 
The model has on a tank top from Khy with leggings and her Hermes purse
Her black and gold shoes look to be made from rubber
When in her car she puts on lip gloss from her own brand
After watching her sisters succeed in the world of fashion, Jenner made the move into clothing with the soft launch of Khy in late October 2023.   
After racking up tens of thousands of Instagram followers in less than 24 hours, Khy dropped its first-ever collection of 12 pieces.
While fronted by Kylie, the Khy company is actually a partnership with her mother, Kris Jenner, and Popular Culture's Jens and Emma Grede, according to Teen Vogue. 
The new clothing brand has been described as featuring wardrobe basics, staples, and investment pieces.
She hints at an exotic photo shoot that involves a shallow pool, fog and fake snow
The Khy brand was first available to shop on November 1, 2023 via the brand's website khy.com, which launched in collaboration with the Berlin-based gender-neutral brand Namilia, which was founded by Nan Li and Emilia Pfohl. 
Some of the more popular items, including their motocross-inspired selections, are often spotted on celebrities such as Cardi B, Megan Thee Stallion, and members of the Korean girl group Blackpink.
When Jenner isn't busy dominating the fashion and beauty space, she's spending quality time with her two children.
The KUWTK star shares daughter Stormi, six, and son Aire, two, with ex-boyfriend Travis Scott.
She and the 33-year-old rapper split in December 2022 after five years of on/off dating.
They originally met in April 2017 when Scott was performing at the Coachella Valley Music Festival, which is often attended by A-list stars.
Now, Kylie is in a serious relationship with Academy Award nominee Timothee Chalamet, 28.
The couple first sparked romance rumors in April 2023 and confirmed they were an item by that September when they were seen kissing at a Beyonce concert in LA.
Jenner proved she's her own best advertisement as she slipped into one of the latest pieces from her clothing line Khy 
The new photos of Kylie come days after she walked in the Coperni show at Disneyland Paris during Paris Fashion Week; seen Tuesday
Though they've yet to make their red carpet debut, Kylie was Timothee's date to the 2024 Golden Globe Awards and she snuck into the LA premiere of his film Wonka. 
Kylie is fiercely private when it comes to her relationship with the Dune star.
In August, a source told DailyMail.com exclusively that Kylie is so focused on the relationship and spending time with Timothee that she has become 'incredibly detached' from her inner circle.
'Kylie is turning into her brother Rob [Kardashian] – she is choosing to be a homebody for the most part,' insiders revealed to DailyMail.com.
'For Kylie, it is her family, her kids and then obviously she is all in on hanging out with Timothee.' 
Kylie is said to have lost all interest in trying to keep up appearances with industry pals as the insider continued: 'Time for going out and doing the Hollywood friendship thing is long past her. She is 27 going on 70. 
'What suits her now is being out there when she needs to be, not because she wants to be. She is so busy with her relationship and being a mom and a businesswoman.'
The source added: 'She doesn't miss her times in the Hollywood shuffle and her desire to have friends outside her bubble isn't anything she is interested in right now.'
A second source explained that only Kylie's best friend Anastasia 'Stassie' Karanikolaou — who joined her on her recent Paris Fashion Week trip — has remained in constant communication with the Kylie Cosmetics founder.
As for her persona life, Kylie is in a serious relationship with Academy Award nominee Timothee Chalamet, 28; seen in January
'Kylie has become incredibly detached and pretty much only has one close girlfriend right now - Stassie,' the source began. 'She is her ride or die and the two of them confide in each other for everything.'
The insider explained that Stassie was the person whom Kylie trusted the most at this point in her life as they continued: 'They've been friends since they were in middle school and grew up learning how to adapt to fame together.
'Stassie knows that most people do not know who she is and she doesn't care.'
Indeed, Kylie is said to love the fact that Stassie is the one friend who she can completely trust as the source said: 'She is the only person that Kylie turns to and the only person that has had her back no matter what and not burned her.
'Kylie has shut out all her other friends. She is with Timothée as much as possible but spends more time with Stassie than him even.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group