2025 is officially so “Brat.”
Charli XCX recently announced she’ll headline six North American ‘Brat Arena Tour’ concerts next spring.
While on U.S. soil, the “Von Dutch” singer is slated to play a pair of gigs at Brooklyn’s Barclays Center on Wednesday, April 30 and Thursday, May 1.
She also has shows lined up in Austin, TX (April 22-23), Minneapolis, MN (April 26) and Rosemont, IL (April 28).
Prior to the brief run, the “SNL” host and musical guest will get crowds moving on both weekends of the 2025 Coachella Music Arts and Festival. Fellow big names set to join her include Lady Gaga, Post Malone, Green Day, Travis Scott and Missy Elliott.
If you want to get down to the “Apple” dance with the hitmaker live in a couple months, tickets are available for all six ‘Brat Arena Tour’ shows and Coachella.
At the time of publication, the lowest price we could find on tickets for any one show in the U.S. was $109 before fees on Vivid Seats.
Other shows have seats starting anywhere from $115 to $336 before fees.
For more information, our team has everything you need to know and more about Charli XCX’s 2025 ‘Brat Arena Tour’ below.
All prices listed above are subject to fluctuation.
A complete calendar including all U.K. and North American concert and festival dates, venues and links to the cheapest tickets available can be found below.
(Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are in US dollars, subject to fluctuation and, if it isn’t noted, will include additional fees at checkout.)
Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. 
They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event.
Still curious about Vivid Seats? You can find an article from their team about why the company is legit here.
Just before Charli XCX begins her U.S. arena tour she’ll be at Indio, CA’s Empire Polo Field on April 11-13 and 18-20.
In addition to the aforementioned headliners, Clairo, Kraftwerk, Megan Thee Stallion,  FKA Twigs and Jessie Murph are also set to perform.
If you want single or multi-day passes for the multi-weekend extravaganza, you can grab Coachella 2025 tickets here.
XCX recently wrapped her ‘Sweat Tour’ with Troye Sivan. Based on our findings at Set List FM, here’s what she performed at her Los Angeles gig on June 15.
01.) “365” (EASYFUN remix)02.) “360”03.) “Spring breakers”04.) “Rewind”05.) “Track 10”06.) “So I”07.) “Everything is romantic”08.) “Girl, so confusing”09.) “Club classics”10.) “Unlock It”11.) “Talk talk”12.) “B2b”13.) “I might say something stupid”14.) “I think about it all the time”15.) “Apple”16.) “Mean girls”17.) “Von dutch”18.) “Sympathy is a knife”19.) “1999” (EASYFUN remix)20.) “Speed Drive”21.) “Guess”22.) “Von dutch”23.) “365”Encore
24.) “party 4 u”25.) “Vroom Vroom
26.) “I Love It” (Icona Pop cover)
The ‘Brat Tour’ comes on the heels of Charli XCX’s smash hit sixth studio album, “Brat.”
Made up of 15 nonstop tracks, XCX delivers an in-your-face poptronica tour de force.
After a few listens, we can’t help but spin the squishy “Club Classics,” chaotic “Rewind,” rollicking, kaleidoscopic “Mean girls,” anthemic “365” and the viral smash “Apple” on repeat.
Still, the undisputed highlight has to be the endlessly catchy “Von Dutch” which revs up 20 seconds in and refuses to let up for the rest of its nervy 2:44 runtime. We dare you to try not to bob your head to this bumping beat. It’s pretty much impossible.
Want to give “Brat” a whirl?
You can listen to the energetic, enigmatic, essential record here.
Many party-starting stars are mounting massive treks this year and next.
To make sure you’re in the loop, here are just five of our favorites you won’t want to miss live in the near future.
• Kylie Minogue
• Mariah Carey
• Billie Eilish
• Tate McRae
• Shakira
Who else is on the road? Take a look at our list of the 50 biggest concert tours in 2024 to find out.
This article was written by Matt Levy, New York Post live events reporter. Levy stays up-to-date on all the latest tour announcements from your favorite musical artists and comedians, as well as Broadway openings, sporting events and more live shows – and finds great ticket prices online. Since he started his tenure at the Post in 2022, Levy has reviewed a Bruce Springsteen concert and interviewed Melissa Villaseñor of SNL fame, to name a few. Please note that deals can expire, and all prices are subject to change