Kylie Jenner recently opened up about welcoming her children Stormi and Aire—both of whom she shares with ex Travis Scott—and how she navigated the postpartum depression that came with their births.
Kylie Jenner is sharing insight into vulnerable periods in her life.
The 27-year-old recently opened up about her experience with post-partum depression after welcoming children Stormi, 6, and Aire, 2, both of whom she shares with ex Travis Scott.
“Stormi’s lasted a year,” Kylie told British Vogue in an interview published August 13, adding that her depression following Aire’s birth lasted about the same amount of time. “I’m going to be 27, and I’m finally feeling like myself again. I think, being pregnant, I didn’t have time to figure out even some of the little things in my life, and then postpartum lasted a year. Mentally, it’s really hard. Hormonally, it’s really hard.”
But while Kylie—who has been dating Timothée Chalamet since parting ways with Travis—dealt with depression following the birth of both children, she noted it was different after welcoming her son.
“It hit me differently both times,” the Kardashians star explained. “Probably with my son it was major baby blues, so I was just so emotional over things that I probably wouldn’t be that emotional about. On the phone with my mom all day hysterically crying, saying, ‘I can’t figure out his name.’”
Kylie has previously been candid about the ways in which she struggled to name her youngest, immediately feeling like his original moniker of Wolf didn’t feel right.
“When I met him,” she continued, “he was just the most beautiful thing to me and I couldn’t believe just how perfect he was. I felt like such a failure that I couldn’t name him. He deserved so much more than that. It just really triggered me.”
The beauty mogul also revealed that there had actually been a third name in the mix in between Wolf and Aire—the latter of which it took Kylie a year to decide to settle on.
“My son’s name was actually Knight for a long time,” she shared. “And my daughter, still to this day, is like, ‘Do you remember when Aire’s name was Knight? That was so funny, Mom. I like Knight better.’”
To which Kylie quipped, “And I’m like, ‘You know what, we are not doing this again.’”
Yet despite the ups and downs of motherhood, the Kylie Cosmetics founder wouldn’t have it any other way—even if parenthood came earlier than one might’ve expected.
“Stormi wasn’t planned,” Kylie said. “It happened, but obviously I knew that I wanted to have her. I wanted children so bad.”
And in the time since welcoming her eldest, she’s only come to further appreciate the balance and perspective her children bring to her daily life.
“No matter what I’m going through or what I look like or what the internet writes about me that day,” she noted, “I come home and my kids just love me unconditionally. They’re just obsessed with me and that’s taught me to walk through life a little easier. I’m like, ‘OK, well I have these little humans at home that need me and love me and think I’m the most perfect person in the world, so I don’t really need validation from outside sources.’”
For some of Kylie’s sweetest moments with her children, keep reading.
On Jan. 21, 2023, Kylie Jenner revealed she and Travis Scott named their son Aire, pronounced "air." She also shared the first photos of their baby boy's face.
Little One
Aire, then 11 months old, looked all cozy in a knitted beanie and onesie.
Brother and Sister
Kylie shared this photo of her son with his big sister Stormi Webster on the day he was born—Feb. 2, 2022, which fell just one day after Stormi's 4th birthday.
PJ Pairing
Aire and Stormi—both in Posh Peanut pajamas—bonded in this sweet snapshot shared by Kylie in May 2024.
You and I
Kylie shared adorable photos of her and Aire snuggling close on July 2024.
The mother-son duo matched in color-coordinating green looks.
Kylie shared this snap of Aire looking ever so fashionable to her Instagram in July 2023. 
In June 2023, Kylie shared an adorable video of Aire trying to drink out of a green bottle without using his hands.
Kylie shared this pic of Stormi feeding her baby brother on Mother's Day 2023.
Aire made a cameo in his mom's TikTok makeup tutorial in April 2023.
Kylie appeared with Aire at the third birthday party of family friend Natalie Halcro's daughter Dove in March 2023.
Kylie shared a video of her son tasting his "first ice cream," a Dole Whip, at Disneyland in February 2023.
On Valentine's Day 2023, Kylie shared a photo of her baby boy with his gift.
Aire and Stormi played with toys.
The baby boy looked adorable in his car seat.
Kylie and her son shared a laugh.
The mother-son duo hit the park together.
Kylie showed off her son's adorable cheeks in a February 2023 Instagram Story video.
The two made silly faces for the camera.
The Kylie Cosmetics mogul danced around with her baby boy to Stephen Sanchez's "Until I Found You."
Baby Aire sat down for a meal.
Kylie shared this adorable photo of her kids' Nike-clad feet in October 2022 on her Instagram Stories, illustrating the size difference between Stormi and her baby brother.
Big sister Stormi wore matching shoes with her little brother in October 2022.
In October 2022, Kylie shared a poolside photo with her son upon her return from Paris Fashion Week. She captioned the sweet mommy-and-me picture, "home."
Kylie shared this family pic on Father's Day 2022, writing to Travis, "Happy father's day daddyyyyy we love you."
In April 2022, Kylie shared this photo of Travis  holding their son at her mom Kris Jenner's Easter celebration.
In early May 2022, Kylie posted a video of herself and her family flying to and getting ready for the 2022 Met Gala. The footage included a quick peek at her and Travis' son. "Look at my son's cute shoes!" she exclaimed. "He can't even walk in them."
In mid-May 2022, on Mother's Day, Kylie posted a video documenting moments from her pregnancy with her son. It included footage of a 3-D sonogram from an MFM's office and a shot of herself holding her baby's hand.
In late May 2022, Kylie shared this pic of her baby boy in a Fisher-Price Jumperoo, appearing next to Stormi. The Kylie Cosmetics founder wrote, "I made these little feet."
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.