By VALERIA GARCIA and BRIAN MARKS FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  04:30, 21 September 2024   |  Updated:  04:37, 21 September 2024   
 31
View  comments
Shawn Mendes made heads turn while flaunting his ripped physique at a beach in Brazil on Friday.
The Mercy hitmaker, 26 — who recently got mobbed by fans — went shirtless, revealing his washboard abs while enjoying a day of surfing.
He was seen dripping in water wearing just a pair of black trunks as he gave fans a glimpse of some of his 17 tattoos. 
The Canadian singer's sun-kissed skin glistened as he made a splash in the waves and cooled off.
Shawn's latest sighting comes just days before he's set to hit the stage at the Rock in Rio festival on Sunday.
Shawn Mendes made heads turn while flaunting his ripped physique at a beach in Brazil on Friday 
The biennial Brazilian multi-day music festival kicked off on September 13 and wraps up on September 22 at the Barra Olympic Park in Rio de Janeiro.
Other performers at the star studded bash include: Ed Sheeran, Katy Perry, Imagine Dragons, Travis Scott, OneRepublic, Mariah Carey, 21 Savage, Ne-Yo and Akon.
The festival marks his formal return to the stage after cancelling his Wonder World Tour back in July of 2022.
Shawn shocked fans in an Instagram post announcing the abrupt end at the time.
'As you guys know, I had to postpone the past few weeks of shows since I wasn't totally prepared for the toll of being back on the road would take on me,' he wrote.
'I started this tour excited to finally get back to playing live after a long break due to the pandemic, but the reality is I was not at all ready for how difficult touring would be after this time away.
'After speaking more with my team and working with an incredible group of health professionals, it has become more clear that I need to take the time I've never taken personally, to ground myself and come back stronger.'
The GRAMMY nominee added: 'I unfortunately have to cancel the rest of the tour dates in North America, and the UK/Europe. We were hopeful that I might be able to pick up with the rest of the dates after some much needed time off, but at this time I have to put my health as my first priority.'
He explained to fans that he was stepping away due to mental health concerns and that his heart went out to fans looking forward to the concert. 
'I know you all have been waiting so long to see these shows, and it breaks my heart to tell you this but I promise I will be back as soon as I've taken the right time to heal,' he added. 'I love you all and thank you all so much for supporting me and sticking by me on this journey.'
The Mercy hitmaker, 26 — who recently got mobbed by fans — went shirtless, revealing his washboard abs while enjoying a day of surfing 
He was seen dripping in water wearing just a pair of black trunks as he gave fans a glimpse of some of his 17 tattoos 
Shawn will soon kick off a string of shows in Nashville at the Ryman Auditorium starting October 14; seen in June 2022
Shawn is slated to head back to the United States stage in a month's time from his performance at the MTV VMA's on September 11.  
He will kick off a string of shows in Nashville at the Ryman Auditorium on October 14, before hitting Brooklyn on October 18, Los Angeles on October 22 and Seattle on October 24.
The Lost in Japan singer also has dates scheduled for March of next year in India and South America.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group