Filed under:
Which Kansas City players caught our attention during Sunday’s amazing victory?
The more things change, the more they stay the same. 
On Sunday night, the Kansas City Chiefs rolled out a physical, ball-control offense, used unusual players on the goal line — and made some uncharacteristic mistakes. The Cincinnati Bengals took advantage of matchups by throwing almost exclusively to three of their tight ends — and their best pass pass rusher dominated Kansas City’s tackles one-on-one. 
It’s incredible how these recent Kansas City-Cincinnati matchups always (well, almost always) come down to a field goal at the end of the game. The Chiefs did plenty to keep the Bengals alive in this game — but at the end of the day, they secured the win. 
Here are a few who stood out as the Chiefs got to 2-0 with a 26-25 victory on GEHA Field at Arrowhead Stadium.
Defensive back Chamarri Conner: He’s been criticized for missed tackles — and early in this game, he had a couple of those.  (In fairness, though, he was also credited with six tackles — including one for a loss).  But Conner made two of the biggest plays for either team.  He recovered a fumble and returned it for a touchdown — and then timed up a blitz for a sack that put Kansas City’s offense back on the field with a chance to drive win the game. 
Running back Isiah Pacheco: The Bengals dared the Chiefs to run the ball — and he made them feel it.  Pacheco earned 111 total yards — a workmanlike performance that helped the Chiefs’ running game shorten the matchup.
Wide receiver Rashee Rice: The second-year player had five catches for 75 yards — including his explosive 44-yard touchdown early in the game. But when the outcome was in doubt during the fourth quarter, Rice twice made drive-saving plays.  First, he caught a deep pass on a fourth-and-6 — but the play was called back when Wanya Morris was penalized on the play.  Then it was Rice who competed downfield on an ensuing fourth-and-16, drawing the crucial pass interference penalty that gave his team its final chance to win.
Tackle Wanya Morris: Big guys who score touchdowns are automatic winners. Not only did Morris score the first touchdown of his career, but it was a clean, hands catch. Still, the fourth quarter’s hands-to-the-face penalty might have knocked him off of the winners’ list — that is, if the penalty ended up costing his team the game.  So it’ll be a memorable happy day for Morris.
Cornerback Trent McDuffie: Given a tall task — lining up across from Cincinnati’s Ja’Marr Chase for the most of the afternoon — the All-Pro rose to the occasion. McDuffie’s coverage technique and solid tackling make him an absolute machine on the field. Chase had only four catches for 35 yards on the day.  I suspect most of that was against another defender.  
Cornerback Joshua Williams: He made two huge plays on special teams. First, he downed Matt Araiza’s punt at the one-yard line to help end the first half. Then on Araiza’s final punt,  Williams made an open-field tackle that pinned Cincinnati at the 9-yard line. 
Kicker Harrison Butker: For a moment, it looked like the he would have another shot at the NFL record with a 68-yard try — but instead, the Chiefs opted to punt. So we just had to settle for yet another game-winner from the best kicker in the league. This one — from 51 yards away as time expired — sealed the victory. There was never a doubt in anyone’s mind that is would be good.
Left tackle Kingsley Suamataia: Many of the Chiefs’ tackles have struggled with the Bengals’ defensive lineman Trey Hendrickson — and now, the rookie starter understands why this is so. He was to blame for a handful of key pressures, two sacks and a holding penalty that erased am enormous 51-yard play by tight end Travis Kelce. On the ensuing third-and-20, Suamataia took a seat as Morris came in. The coaches will have plenty of places bookmarked for the rookie to study on film — but it won’t be all on him. Hendrickson gave Morris fits in clean-up duty, too — and there were also a few missed chips that left the starting left tackle without help. But it certainly isn’t going to a confidence-builder for the former BYU tackle. 
Quarterback Patrick Mahomes: While he and his teammates got it done when it mattered the most, this wasn’t a banner day for the world’s best player.  His two interceptions were big factors in the game being so close. (He actually threw the second one twice, when a previous pick was called back for a penalty). Mahomes finished the day with 151 passing yards.  He took two sacks and was responsible for two of the three Kansas City turnovers.
Head Coach Andy Reid: It feels wrong to put the league’s best QB/Coach combination on the losers list — especially in a game where the Chiefs won. But Reid made odd calls in this game.  On the plus side, his creativity in using Morris (and linebacker Leo Chenal) near the goal line was awesome. I also liked how he stuck with the rookie running back Carson Steele after his fumble. But a 19-yard field goal on fourth-and-goal from the 1-yard line, the 68-yard field goal attempt that wasn’t, going 1-of-8 on third downs, getting conservative on the drive before punting — and finally, allowing the Bengals to run off four of the last six minutes?  In a game with razor-thin margins, these decisions were strange — and could have been costly.
Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.