By CHARLOTTE DEAN FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  08:06, 2 October 2024   |  Updated:  19:49, 2 October 2024   
 26
View  comments
Irina Shayk brought the cool factor to a princess-themed runway as she walked in the  Coperni show at Disneyland Paris during fashion week on Tuesday.
The supermodel, 38, strutted down the catwalk in a crocodile leather trench coat with a dramatic collar as she joined the star-studded show.
The Russian native looked incredible in the asymmetric number, which she teamed with a pair of black stilettos and an oversized bag.
She had been painted with moody make-up, including a sultry smokey eye and a matte nude lip to complete her look.
The famous amusement park was brought to a grinding halt as Irina and other stars including Kylie Jenner and Lila Moss took part in the show.
Irina Shayk brought the cool factor to a princess-themed runway as she walked in the Coperni show at Disneyland Paris during fashion week on Tuesday
The supermodel, 38, strutted down the catwalk in a crocodile leather trench coat with a dramatic collar as she joined the star-studded show
Kylie channelled her inner villain as she strutted down the catwalk in a dramatic black satin gown to unveil the designer's magical Princess Collection.
Showcasing her incredible figure, Kyle stunned in her showstopping look as she strutted her stuff down the huge runway, with the famous Disney castle in full view behind her.
While it no doubt proved to be a stunning display, it may have caused some chaos for families enjoying a magical trip to the legendary hotspot.
Paying homage to some of Disney's most famous baddies, Kylie vamped it up in a sexy black gown, accessorised with matching gloves.
She was joined on the catwalk by fellow fashion mainstay Irina Shayk, who opted for an equally edgy look by gracing the runway by a black crocodile leather coat.
Meanwhile Bella Thorne took inspiration from the iconic princess Belle as she arrived in a form-fitting yellow satin dress with a frilled neckline.
The actress teamed her glamorous look with a yellow faux fur coat, and swept her dark tresses into a low bun.
The Russian native looked incredible in the asymmetric number, which she teamed with a pair of black stilettos and an oversized bag
She had been painted with moody make-up, including a sultry smokey eye and a matte nude lip to complete her look
While it no doubt proved to be a stunning display, it may have caused some chaos for families enjoying a magical trip to the legendary hotspot
Kylie - who shares son Aire, two, and daughter Stormi, six, with ex Travis Scott - has long been a fan of Disney parks, including a May 2021 trip with her children's cousins Dream and Chicago, who were four and three years old at the time
Paris Jackson also put on a leggy display in a black satin mini dress with a chest cut-out detailing, teamed with nude slippers.
Coperni also teased its all-new Mickey Mouse Swipe Bag, which retails for $820, on their official website.
'Straight from our SS25 show in Disneyland Paris, this limited-edition Swipe Bag embraces the iconic Coperni style and merges it with the core of Disney – ©Mickey Mouse,' the description read.
Kylie - who shares son Aire, two, and daughter Stormi, six, with ex Travis Scott - has long been a fan of Disney parks, including a May 2021 trip with her children's cousins Dream and Chicago, who were four and three years old at the time.
On Thursday, she and her sister Kendall, 27, were spotted out in the City of Lights enjoying the star studded festivities.
Paris Fashion Week runs from Monday, September 23 to Tuesday, October 1 as high end brands show off their spring/summer 2025 collections.
Other brands at that showcased their summer and spring collections include: Dior, L'Oréal, Pressiat and Christian Dior.
While getting ready for the Schiaparelli spring/summer 2025 show on Friday, the Kylie Cosmetics mogul revealed she uses nipple cream as lip balm.
'Nipple cream for your lips, it's like the best secret,' she said in the clip.
As models took to the catwalk, fireworks rained down around Disneyland's most iconic castle
Kyle brought the stunning runway even to a close by taking to the catwalk in a villainous black gown
Meanwhile Bella Thorne took inspiration from the iconic princess Belle as she arrived in a form-fitting yellow satin dress with a frilled neckline
Bella wowed in her jaw-dropping look as she posed in front of Disneyland's iconic castle
Paris Jackson also put on a leggy display in a black satin mini dress with a chest cut-out detailing, teamed with nude slippers
The singer offered a glimpse at her edgy sense of style as she posed for snaps at the fashion show
As she took her place on the front row, Paris was joined by Georgina Mazzeo and Fabiola Baglieri
Cole Sprouse also cosied up to his girlfriend Ari Fournier as they attended the show during the final day of Paris Fashion Week
The Impact Award: Pamela Anderson
Gamechanging Voice: Jameela Jamil
Gamechanging Actor: Simone Ashley
Samsung Rising Star: Say Now (Ysabelle Salvanera, Amelia Onuorah, Madeleine Haynes)
Activist: Cally Jane Beech
Theatre Actor: Francesca Amewudah-Rivers
Screen Trailblazer: Jodie Turner-Smith
Musician: Chlöe Bailey
Sporting Hero: Keely Hodgkinson
Feminist Hero: Katherine Ryan

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group