e-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
Sign up for email newsletters
e-Edition

			Trending:		
A Travis Air Force Base leader on Thursday said the airmen and aircraft stationed there are capable of “projecting air power anywhere, anytime.”
In his hourlong state-of-the-base remarks in the KC-46 Hangar, where some 300 airmen and civilians from nearby Solano County communities gathered, Brig. Gen. Derek Salmi recounted the 60th Air Mobility Wing’s mission and responsibilities — among them airlift, air refueling, aeromedical and air evacuation services.
Using a computer-generated audio-visual presentation on two screens, he first invited a remote video appearance by U.S. Rep. John Garamendi (D-8th District), who briefly touched on the base’s “strategic capabilities,” adding, “I know it’s ready” to meet its mission and fulfill its responsibilities to U.S. armed forces and the nation.
The congressman called Travis “a vital component of our national defense.”
About the size of a postcard, explanatory notes on each audience seat were filled with data about the base — its economic impact during the past year ($2.7 billion in total, nearly $1 billion of it in payroll, and more than $800 million in expenses); the number of people stationed or employed (nearly 20,000 total, active-duty, reserve, dependents and civilians); construction projects (among them runway repair costing $138 million, KC-46 simulators costing nearly $7 million, assorted projects costing $560 million); and assets (nearly 6,500 acres, 404 buildings totaling 7 million square feet).
Included in the assets category were 771 vehicles, 18 C-5M Galaxy aircraft, 13 C-17A Globemaster III, six newly acquired KC-46A Pegasus air refueling planes (with more on the way, said Salmi) and 12 KC-10A Extenders, which will replaced by the KC-46s.
Under the “accomplishments” heading were more than a half-dozen significant numbers: Sorties flown (nearly 4,500); cargo short tons processed (38.6 million pounds); fuel delivered (347 million pounds); aeromedical evacuations and patients (30 and 207, respectively); and deployed airmen (about 4,300).
Also, Travis is home to the Air Force’s largest hospital, the David Grant USAF Medical Center, Salmi pointed out. He also noted the base is home to 349th Air Mobility Wing, the largest reserve wing under the Air Force Reserve Command, which supports the 60 AMW. And Travis is home to the 621st Contingency Response Wing, a rapid-response expeditionary wing “with a global reach,” he added.
In a segment about the major events, month by month, that transpired at or affected the base, the slide show indicated aid and assistance were sent to Turkey after a devastating earthquake on Feb. 6, 2023, near the Syrian border killed nearly 60,000 people. Another slide highlighted the July arrival of the KC-46 air refueling tankers.
Helping the brigadier general with the presentation, Chief Master Sgt. Keith Scott and Salmi then offered a series of brief video clips recognizing base airmen, a segment titled “Airmen of Character.” The clips included the accomplishments of Staff Sgt. Haley Wynn, Tech. Sgt. Nicholas Kolesnikov, 1st Lt. Alexandria Valdez, Senior Airman Nicole Snowden and Senior Airman Madalena Rocha. A civilian, Ashley Chappell, with the base’s Civilian Health Promotion Services, also was recognized.
At one point, Salmi cited the base’s role in Mobility Guardian 23, the Air Mobility Command’s premier multinational mobility exercise to date, which occurred in July. With seven participating countries and also including stops in Guam and Hawaii, it required dozens of aircraft to carry thousands of people and move tons of material and equipment across the Indo-Pacific theater as a way to pre-position war reserve supplies.
From beginning to end, Salmi and Scott’s remarks were all about the day-to-day work of what they called “Team Travis,” plus the base’s current and future priorities, as 2024 gets well underway.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group