The rapper took in $6.6 million alone from a July 11 concert at London's Tottenham Hotspur Stadium.

													By
												

	Dave Brooks


Travis Scott averaged $3.3 million per show from the first seven dates of the European and U.K. leg of his Circus Maximus Tour for a total of more than $23 million so far, according to figures reported by Live Nation.

	Scott landed in the U.K. on June 28 for two dates at GelreDome in Anthem, Netherlands before heading to Krakow, Poland (July 2); Zürich, Switzerland (July 5); Nice, France (July 6); Antwerp, Belgium (July 9); and London’s Tottenham Hotspur Stadium (July 11), where he grossed $6.6 million from 48,000 fans, marking his largest headline show to date. He also broke the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium merchandise sales record for any event to date, including NFL games.

	The European and U.K. run builds off the momentum of the rapper’s successful 44-date North American run. Beginning in Charlotte, N.C. at the Spectrum Center on Oct. 11, the 44-date North American leg grossed an impressive $95.7 million from 686,000 tickets, including a Nov. 5 show at L.A.’s SoFi stadium that grossed $7.9 million from 49,000 tickets. Scott is the first rapper to headline a sold-out show at SoFi.




			Trending on Billboard		






	The Circus Maximus European tour continues Saturday (July 20), in Cologne, Germany, followed by stops in Prague, Milan, Frankfurt and Madrid. It’s scheduled to conclude on Aug. 4 at MEO Arena in Lisbon, Portugal.

	One euro/pound from every ticket sold on the tour will go to the Cactus Jack Foundation, a 501(c)(3) organization dedicated to uplifting Houston youth through toy drives, scholarship programs for HBCU college students, and supporting educational and creative endeavors. So far, $250,000 has been donated to the Cactus Jack Foundation from the Europe/U.K. leg of the tour.

	The Circus Maximus tour is booked by agent Cara Lewis in the U.S. with European dates booked by WME.
Daily newsletters straight to your inbox
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.