By
50 Cent has voiced speculation towards the latest top five list of highest grossing hip-hop tours, per Complex. In a report by HipHopDX, Complex recently compiled a list of the most successful hip-hop tours by revenue, placing Drake at the top with his It’s All a Blur Tour, which brought in an impressive $320 million. Travis Scott secured second place, earning $154 million from his Circus Maximus Tour, followed by Kendrick Lamar, whose Big Steppers Tour brought in $110 million. A dispute, however, has emerged over the following rankings, as both Nicki Minaj and 50 Cent grossed $108 million from their respective international tours. 
50 took to Instagram, “I don’t know where they got these numbers from but they are wrong @nickiminaj would be in the 3rd slot. She worked hard as a mother man don’t do that. She did 2 legs on the Gagg city tour.” Nicki seemed to push back on the rankings herself, posting on X: “Show me the data.” Touring Data reported that Minaj’s Pink Friday 2 World Tour pulled in $108.8 million from the sale of 786,840 tickets across 70 concerts. This achievement makes Minaj the first female rapper to exceed $100 million in tour revenue and places her alongside Beyoncé, Rihanna, SZA, and Tina Turner as one of only five Black women to hit this benchmark. 
50’s Final Lap Tour narrowly missed Nicki’s mark, generating $108.4 million over 96 shows—just shy by a few hundred thousand dollars. We are witnessing a remarkable era for hip-hop tours, highlighted by the G-Unit leader’s recent revelation of his inaugural residency in Las Vegas. He voiced in a News 3 interview, “I always bring the energy, and Las Vegas is the perfect spot to create an unforgettable experience for my fans.” “We’re talking big production, surprises, and the ultimate New Year’s Eve party for my Vegas residency.” Ticket pre-sales kick off on Wednesday, October 16, with public ticket sales launching on Saturday, October 19.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
Δ
Are you a HOT 97 VIP?  Unlock exclusive, VIP Only access to the latest news, offers, contests, events, and more.  There is no cost to join for a limited time.
Δ
#1 for Hip Hop
Copyright 2024 Hot 97