Did you know that YouTube’s global users are expected to reach 2.85 billion by 2025? That number is staggering, considering nearly half of the world’s internet users access YouTube. When the media talk about the biggest rival to Netflix, the answer is YouTube. No other media company can compete with YouTube’s reach and advertising.
While pranks and trailers are prevalent on the service, YouTube’s dedicated section to free movies continues to increase in popularity. You’ll be surprised by how many quality movies you can watch free of charge. This month, one of those movies is Jaws, arguably the most influential blockbuster of the last 50 years. Check out the rest of the guide below.
Looking for more stuff you can watch for free? Check out our guides to the best free shows on YouTube and the best sites for watching free movies online. If you’re willing to pay, read these guides on the best new movies to stream and the best movies on Netflix.
When the shark continues to wreak havoc, police chief Martin Brody (Roy Scheider) intervenes and heads to the deep sea to kill the creature with help from scientist Matt Hooper (Richard Dreyfuss) and ship captain Quint (Robert Shaw). These three men will engage in an epic battle of man vs. shark.

Disturbia depicts a common question in real time: If you see something, should you say something? This scenario is played out through the eyes (or binoculars) of Kale Brecht (Shia LaBeouf), a teenager under house arrest. To pass the time, Kale begins spying on his neighbors, attracting the attention of the attractive Ashley Carlson (Sarah Roemer).
When he’s not watching Ashley, Kale zeroes in on his mysterious neighbor Robert Turner (David Morse). Kale observes questionable activity from Robert, leading the high schooler to assume that his neighbor is a serial killer. However, the authorities don’t believe Kale due to his past behavior. To prove his point, Kale might have to break the law, but nothing could have prepared him for what he sees next door.
Whoever said war is hell never went to high school. After spending the last 12 years in Africa, teenager Cady Heron (Lindsay Lohan) enters the jungle that is North Shore High School. Cady quickly learns about the school’s various cliques, including the Plastics, the group of popular girls headlined by queen bee Regina George (Rachel McAdams).
Cady eventually finds friends with social outcasts Janis Ian (Lizzy Caplan) and Damian Leigh (Daniel Franzese). When Regina becomes interested in Cady, Janis views it as an opportunity to infiltrate the Plastics and sabotage them from within. At first, Cady goes along with the plan. Over time, she comes to like the newfound popularity. Is Cady willing to abandon her morals for some time in the spotlight?
The first four Fast & Furious movies focused on illegal street racing and criminal activities on a small scale. Fast Five changed the direction of the franchise by transforming it into an action spectacle. Fast Five picks up in the aftermath of Fast & Furious, with Brian O’Conner (Paul Walker) and Mia Torretto (Jordana Brewster) on the run after breaking Dom Torretto (Vin Diesel) out of police custody.
The trio head to Rio Janeiro to start a new life. However, they are immediately double-crossed by local drug lord Hernan Reyes (Joaquim de Almeida). That doesn’t sit well with Dom, who assembles a crew to pull off a $100 million heist of Reyes’ assets. Before he can pull off the heist, Dom must evade federal agent Luke Hobbs (Dwayne Johnson), a no-nonsense lawman after Torretto and his crew. 
Jon Kasdan tackles young love in The First Time. One night outside a party, high school senior Dave (Dylan O’Brien) strikes up a conversation with a junior named Aubrey (Britt Robertson). Dave loves his best friend Jane (Victoria Justice), while Aubrey dates meathead Ronny (James Frecheville)
After the cops crash the party, Dave and Aubrey escape and spend the rest of the night talking. The duo forms a genuine connection, but because of their existing relationships, they’re unsure whether to act on it. Eventually, Dave and Aubrey will realize that love isn’t perfect, so they don’t have to be.
Keanu Reeves and Patrick Swayze square off in Kathryn Bigelow’s excellent action thriller, Point Break. Former college quarterback Johnny Utah (Reeves) is a hot-shot FBI agent who teams with veteran agent Angelo Pappas (Gary Busey) to catch a group of bank robbers known as the “Ex-Presidents.” The duo hypothesizes that the robbers are surfers, so Utah goes undercover within the beach community, searching for more information.
While posing as a surfer, Utah meets Bodhi (Swayze), the eccentric leader of a group of surfers. As Utah spends more time with the surfers, he develops a genuine bond with the free-spirited Bodhi. However, this complicates Utah’s mission, blurring the lines between his new friends and his job.
The Illusionist beat the similarly themed film, The Prestige, to theaters by about two months, but Christopher Nolan’s movie is the superior of the two. Regardless, The Illusionist has its charms, largely in the core trio of Edward Norton, Jessica Biel, and Paul Giamatti. When they were young, Eduard Abramovich (Norton) and Duchess Sophie Von Teschen (Biel) had a passion for each other that her parents forbade.
Upon adulthood, Edward reinvented himself as Eisenheim The Illusionist and reunited with Sophie before she could be married to the malevolent Prince Leopold (Rufus Sewell). When Sophie is murdered, Chief Inspector Walter Uhl (Giamatti) is unnerved when Eisenheim appears to be able to summon Sophie’s spirit at will.
A seminal entry for American horror cinema, George A. Romero’s classic horror movie follows seven people who find themselves trapped in Pennsylvania as the terrifying walking dead surround them. They have to try to survive without understanding the terror that lurks outside.
The movie has been noted as the first zombie film, and its influences can be seen in everything from 28 Days Later to Shaun of the Dead. Romero’s debut — he wrote, directed, edited, and acted in the film — made him into a superstar, quickly revolutionizing the genre on a budget of a mere $114,000.
Nick Perry is a freelance writer who bounced from Hollywood to Silicon Beach to pajama pants. His work has been featured on Digital Trends, Good Morning America, Entrepreneur, Mashable, and more media outlets.
Blair Marnell has been an entertainment journalist for over 15 years. His bylines have appeared in Wizard Magazine, Geek Monthly, SYFY Wire, Superhero Hype, Collider, DC Universe, and the official sites for Star Trek and Marvel. He also lends his pop culture expertise to Digital Trends on a variety of TV, movie, and streaming features.
Dan is a passionate and multitalented content creator with experience in pop culture, entertainment, and sports. Throughout his career, Dan has been a writer, broadcaster, podcaster, editor, and social media manager. At Digital Trends, Dan covers film and television, from reviewing upcoming projects to interviewing actors and directors. Outside of Digital Trends, he has been an Oscar prognosticator since 2016 as well as a sportswriter with a special concentration in New York professional sports. Dan is still waiting for the New York Knicks to win a championship, but unfortunately, he will have to wait a lot longer for this dream to become a reality.
Sci-fi fans, is it fair for Hulu to take away all of the Alien and Predator movies for a few months and then trot them back out as if they're fresh additions to the library? Those films should have permanent places among the best sci-fi movies on Hulu, rather than seasonal passes.
Before we eventually readmit some of those films to this roundup, we're throwing the spotlight on a new arrival called O'Dessa, starring Sadie Sink, who was recently cast in the next Spider-Man film. Our other pick for the month is The Prestige, which does veer into science fiction territory in a uniquely entertaining way. You can find these films and the rest of the best sci-fi movies on Hulu below.
If you're curious about what's available in science fiction on other streaming services, we also have guides for the best sci-fi movies on Netflix, as well as the best sci-fi movies on Amazon Prime Video. For more options, check out guides for the best new movies to stream and the best movies on Hulu.
If you're looking for more films to watch, remember that Hulu is part of the Disney Bundle. That includes the basic Hulu subscription (with ads), Disney+, and ESPN+, all for just $17 a month. That's a great deal, and you don't even have to travel to the future for it.
When it comes to the best British TV shows on Netflix, they will keep you enthralled from start to finish. Oftentimes, these shows rise up the ranks for the streamer, becoming among the most popular and watched. In March, for example, the Jack Thorne series Adolescence started gaining a lot of attention and leading to conversation, with viewers dissecting the heart-wrenching, gripping, eye-opening story about kids, mental health, and social media. Black Mirror returns in April, too, and fans have been waiting a long time to see the new set of anthology episodes featuring a high-profile cast and the show's first-ever sequel.
Bottom line: the best British shows on Netflix sometimes count among the best shows on Netflix, period. When it comes to which ones are worth checking out, we have you covered with this curated list.
Need more recommendations? Then check out the best new shows to stream this week, as well as the best shows on Netflix, best shows on Hulu, best shows on Amazon Prime Video, the best shows on Max, and best shows on Disney+.
			Recently added to Netflix
It seems like a new true crime series is released every week. That's a good thing because of the healthy appetite for the genre. We love to sit back, turn down the lights, and watch with dropped jaws as the shocking stories unfold. Many of these shows center around convicted or alleged killers, some mysteries that have yet to be solved. Others focus on crimes of another kind, from cults to kidnappings, financial crimes, and more.
If you love true crime, we have spent hours watching to bring you this list of the best true crime shows on Netflix right now. Most have just a few episodes, making them a quick binge-watch. Each one will have you talking, theorizing, and frantically Googling what happened next with the people involved. Saddle up, because these are all pretty bumpy rides.
Need more recommendations? Then check out the best new shows to stream this week, as well as the best shows on Netflix, best shows on Hulu, best shows on Amazon Prime Video, the best shows on Max, and the best shows on Disney+.
		Bad Influence: The Dark Side of Kidfluencing (2025)	
Upgrade your lifestyleDigital Trends helps readers keep tabs on the fast-paced world of tech with all the latest news, fun product reviews, insightful editorials, and one-of-a-kind sneak peeks.