79 °F
The Houston rapper headlined and helped organize the 2021 concert, where 10 people died during a compaction of the crowd. Hundreds of lawsuits were subsequently filed by the victims’ families and others who were injured.
Houston rapper Travis Scott will remain a defendant in the hundreds of civil lawsuits filed by victims of the deadly Astroworld Festival he headlined in November 2021, according to a ruling this week by a state district court judge in Harris County.
Judge Kristen Brauchle Hawkins denied a request by Scott and his touring and production company, XX Global, to be dismissed from the consolidated lawsuits. The judge had previously denied similar requests by two Scott-affiliated companies, Cactus Jack Enterprises and LaFlame Enterprises.
Attorneys for Scott, a Missouri City native whose real name is Jacques Bermon Webster II, had argued during an April 15 court hearing that he was not in control of the festival's safety or security procedures and shouldn't be held responsible for the deaths of 10 people who attended the outdoor concert or the injuries sustained by others. Attorneys for the family of Madison Dubiski, the 23-year-old Cypress woman who was among those who died during a compaction of the crowd as Scott performed, countered by arguing that Scott and fellow event organizer Live Nation had joint control over things such as ticket sales, talent selection, venue and site layout.
"This event was Travis Scott's festival," Noah Wexler, an attorney for the Dubiski family, said during the hearing last week. "It was created through his tour agreement with Live Nation."
Scott's attorneys did not immediately respond to an email seeking comment Thursday.
Live Nation also was among the nearly 50 defendants named in the lawsuits, along with Canadian rapper Drake, who performed alongside Scott on the night of the tragedy, and global technology company Apple, Inc., which livestreamed the concert. Drake and Epic Records are among the defendants to have been dismissed from the litigation, with Hawkins also granting dismissal requests this week that were made by Tri Star Sports & Entertainment and Unified Command, LLC.
Apple has had its dismissal requests denied by Hawkins. So has ASM Global, an event and venue management company that operates Houston's NRG Park, where the festival was held on Nov. 5, 2021.
The civil trial is scheduled to begin next month.
Dubiski was one of eight concertgoers who died on the night of the event. The others were: Mirza Baig, 27, of Houston; Rodolfo Peña, 23, from Laredo; Franco Patiño, 21, from Illinois; Jacob Jurinke, 20, from Illinois; John Hilgert, 14, from Houston; Axel Acosta, 21, from Washington; and Brianna Rodriguez, 16, from Houston. Bharti Shahani, 22, and Ezra Blount, 9, died in the days that followed.
Some of the lawsuits filed by their surviving relatives were settled out of court.
A Harris County grand jury last summer declined to indict Scott and five others on criminal charges related to the deadly festival. That happened about one month after the Houston Police Department released a 1,266-page report detailing its investigation into the matter.
Know more about Adam Zuvanich
More Articles by This Author
Houston Public Media is supported with your gifts to the Houston Public Media Foundation and is licensed to the University of Houston
© 2025 Houston Public Media