Gen. Mike Minihan, Sept. 13, 2023. (Rachel Sansano/U.S. Air Force file)
FAIRFIELD — The retired head of the U.S. Air Force Air Mobility Command – and a former vice commander of the 60th Air Mobility Wing at Travis Air Force Base – has joined California Forever as a senior adviser.
Ret. Gen. Mike Minihan called the proposed East Solano Plan community an opportunity to advance the Travis AFB mission, and to support the airmen and their families.
He said the project addresses the five biggest concerns at any base: affordable housing, health care, education, child care and jobs for spouses. Critical utilities is another issue all military bases must address, and he believes the proposed California Forever solar farm provides greater security for Travis.
"We want to strengthen (Travis) and we have an opportunity to do that," said Minihan, who served as vice commander at Travis from July 2009 to July 2010. He was commander of Air Mobility Commander at Scott Air Force Base from October 2021 to his recent retirement.
In fact, Minihan said the project will help reset the standard for "what the nation needs, the state needs and the county needs."
A piece of that, he added, is the defense and civilian manufacturing elements of the project. He described both as critical needs for the country, and for the advancement of Travis missions.
California Forever founder and Chief Executive Officer Jan Sramek said in a statement, “Welcoming Gen. Minihan to the team will help us ensure that Travis Air Force Base and the broader community are well served by the project. We’re also excited to be working with him on rebuilding our defense industrial base right here in Solano County.”
Minihan said his role with California Forever is to address the concerns about the project, from an Air Force perspective, adding that the best way to do that is to meet with those individuals who have those concerns and discuss the issues head-on.
Minihan does not think the project poses a problem for the tactical training and mission elements at Travis – a particular concern that county officials said were actually raised by Travis AFB officials.
He said the base is not the first to be near large urban centers, and that the Air Force has the ability to adapt to its environments. He noted the windmills near Travis as a perfect example of that.
The general is flying in Sunday to meet with the California Forever team. He also plans to meet with some folks he new back in the day, and with others, but a California Forever spokeswoman said they are not prepared to release names, yet.
Minihan said he was aware of the East Solano Plan while he was with Air Mobility Command, at least in general terms, and that he had conversations inside the military and with civilian leaders about the project at that time.
When he retired, the general said, California Forever approached him about coming aboard as an adviser.
“My background has helped me focus on the challenges our airmen and their families face when it comes to accomplishing the mission,” Minihan said as part of a statement California Forever was posting on its various platforms. “Joining this team aligns with my passion for ensuring the viability of the American Dream for this generation and for many to come, which includes strengthening our nation’s defense.”
Minihan served 34 years in the Air Force. He was a command pilot with more than 3,400 flight hours, piloting such planes as the T-37, T-38, C-130, KC-10 and C-32. In addition to his many domestic assignments and commands, he also served in command roles overseas, including with the U.S. Indo-Pacific Command and in South Korea.
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers:
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Have the latest local news delivered every afternoon so you don't miss out on updates.
Each day's obituaries, delivered to your inbox.
Receive occasional local offers from our website and its advertisers.
Get the latest headlines on local sports!
Get our expert short-term forecast, summary of the weather details and news of any severe weather.
We'll send breaking news and news alerts to you as they happen!
 Receive our newspaper electronically with the e-Edition email.
Best trending stories from the week.
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.