LOS ANGELES – ATK Audiotek, a Clair Global company, deployed a Cohesion P.A. system for the 66th Grammy Awards ceremony. The event took place Feb. 4, 2024 at Los Angeles’ Crypto.com Arena, and it marked the debut for the Clair Global-owned Cohesion speaker brand at the annual event.
More details from Cohesion (www.cohesionaudio.com):
From left to right: Arnie Hernandez, System Engineer, Clair Global; Andrew Fletcher, FOH Technician, Freelance; Craig Robertson, FOH Technician, Freelance; Leslie Ann Jones, Representative, Recording Academy; Jamie Pollock, FOH Music Mixer, Freelance; Shaun Clair, Vice President of Sales, Clair Global; Jeff Peterson, FOH Production Mixer, ATK Audiotek.
At the Grammy Awards, “Music’s Biggest Night,” only the PA system most chosen on tour by the world’s most popular acts would suffice: cue Cohesion. ATK Audiotek, a Clair Global company, deployed a Cohesion system to help revel in the culmination of a year of scintillating live performances and record-breaking sales. Cohesion products, starring in their first deployment at the Grammys, delivered next-level sound while minimizing the physical space of the system itself.
The Recording Academy’s biggest gala of the year deserved audio that would provide crystal-clear intelligibility at all distances within the arena while the world’s top musicians performed and distinguished winners delivered their speeches. The deployed system reinforced the power of live music during this important night for the industry.
Jeff Peterson, FOH Production Mixer at ATK Audiotek, was most excited about the added horsepower the Cohesion system provided within a compact form factor. For primary coverage, ATK arrayed 56 CO12 loudspeakers, 32 with 80° horizontal coverage and 24 with 120° horizontal coverage. The CO12 offers a class-leading maximum SPL of 150 dB, horizontal pattern control over a very broad bandwidth, precision in refining the vertical pattern, and consistent off-axis response. “I liked the directivity of Cohesion and how well it kept unwanted energy from the back of the array off of the stage,” added Peterson.
The primary delays consisted of 32 CO10 loudspeakers in four arrays of eight CO10s per array. The upper level of the arena was covered by 36 CO8 loudspeakers in six arrays of six CO8s per array.
Photo by Kevin Winter/Getty Images for The Recording Academy courtesy Clair Global/Cohesion
A dozen CP218 II+ subwoofers were flown alongside the CO12s to provide heart-pounding low end that reflected the significance of the moment. Each self-powered CP218 II+ is equipped with 9000 W of onboard power and added depth and impact to the production without compromising texture. An additional two CP218 II+ subwoofers were used on the ground at the main stage, which was also supplemented by two self-powered CP6+ point source loudspeakers for front fill.
With millions of people tuning in worldwide in addition to the thousands in attendance, camera placement was central to the system design. Since Cohesion products are engineered to deliver greater output and flawless intelligibility in a form factor comparable to or smaller than market alternatives, they fit the bill for a low-obstruction solution resulting in uninterrupted sightlines for attendees and broadcast viewers alike.
Performances at the 2024 Grammy Awards included Dua Lipa, Billie Eilish, Luke Combs, Burna Boy, and Travis Scott, alongside the legendary Billy Joel, celebrating 50 years of recording hits —Travis Scott and Billy Joel both tour with Cohesion systems.
Peterson concluded, “The event was a resounding success. The audience, producers, and audio team were all thrilled with the quality and performance of Cohesion.”
Sign Up for Our Newsletter
"*" indicates required fields
Δ


May 2025Articles | Digital IssueApril 2025Articles | Digital IssueMarch 2025Articles | Digital IssueFebruary 2025Articles | Digital IssueJanuary 2025Articles | Digital Issue
Timeless Communications Corp.
6700 Via Austi Pkwy, Suite C
Las Vegas, NV 89119
P: (702) 932-5585
© 2025 Timeless Communications, LLC
Timeless Communications Corp.
6700 Via Austi Pkwy, Suite C
Las Vegas, NV 89119
P: (702) 932-5585
© 2025 Timeless Communications, LLC