e-Edition
Get the latest news delivered daily!
Get the latest news delivered daily!
e-Edition

			Trending:		
Get ready for music’s biggest night as the as the 66th Annual Grammy Awards takes place at Crypto.com Arena on Sunday, Feb. 4.
Hosted for the fourth consecutive year by comedian Trevor Noah, the ceremony will be broadcast live on CBS and available for streaming both live and on-demand on Paramount+.
ALSO SEE: Grammys 2024: Can anyone top Taylor Swift? Yes, we definitely think so
Fans can tune into the festivities starting at 5 p.m. on Paramount+, CBS and Grammys.com. The preshow premiere ceremony will kick off at 12:30 p.m., streaming live on live at Grammys.com and the Recording Academy’s YouTube channel. It will be hosted by songwriter-producer Justin Tranter.
“Entertainment Tonight” will begin its full Grammy preshow coverage on CBS before the official awards ceremony starting at 4 p.m. Additional coverage will be available exclusively through the Recording Academy’s “Live From the Red Carpet” on X (formerly known as Twitter).
The lineup of performances for this year includes R&B star SZA, who earned nine nominations for her latest record, “SOS,” making her the most nominated artist at this year’s event. Her single, “Kill Bill,” is up for record and song of the year and “SOS” is up for album of the year.
Murrieta pop sensation Olivia Rodrigo is also set to grace Grammy stage. Rodrigo took home best new artist in 2022 and her sophomore album “Guts” is up for album of the year while the single “Vampire” is up for record and song of the year.
Los Angeles native Billie Eilish, who is up for record and song of the year, best music video and best pop solo performance for “What Was I Made For?” from the “Barbie,” movie is also set to also perform.
Other preciously announced performances include pop star Dua Lipa, music icon and piano man Billy Joel, rap artist Burna Boy, country star Luke Combs and rapper Travis Scott. Joni Mitchell, who just announced her first headlining show in Los Angeles in more than two decades, will perform at the Grammys for the first time ever and U2 will join the fun from Las Vegas as they livestream directly from the Sphere.
Through there has been a lot of speculation about Taylor Swift performing as well, it isn’t likely. But the Grammys are full of surprises.
Swift is scheduled to attend to possibly collect some of her trophies in person, but she resumes her The Eras Tour in Tokyo on Feb. 7. And we know she’ll be at Super Bowl LVIII in Las Vegas on Feb. 11 to cheer on her Kansas City Chiefs beau, Travis Kelce.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group