He announced the purchase back in September. 

							By 

	Armon Sadler

Hip-Hop Reporter

Drake has shown love to Houston, and Texas as a whole, throughout his entire career, and now he’s got a place to call home in the Lone Star State. The 37-year-old rapper showed off his new $15 million ranch this week.

	On Wednesday (June 12), he posted photos on Instagram showing him standing by a large Black truck in the driveway of his new crib in Washington County, about 70 miles northwest of Houston. Other images show a horse stable looking out into a large grassy field, a horse with a braid, and the 6 God sitting inside his truck looking pensive. “Wick em’,” he wrote in the caption.

	










	The Toronto superstar first announced this purchase in a video from September 2023. “Me and my partna’, we done gone country on y’all,” he said in a Texas accent. “We said we was gonna do it for a lot of years and we’re doing it today. The sale is made. We gotta drop a new one for this. If you see your girl at the ‘Lover Boy Lane,’ it’s over.”
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Kendrick Lamar Called "Hypocrite" For Performing With "Deadbeat" Playboi Carti After Dissing Drake		
			






A post shared by champagnepapi (@champagnepapi)

	Drake’s affinity for Texas has been shown on several tracks throughout his career. There’s his cult classic “Houstatlantavegas,” the DJ Screw-sampling “November 18th,” and his first timestamp record “9AM In Dallas.” More recently, he released “TSU,” the acronym for Texas University,” on his 2021 album Certified Lover Boy.

	On his 2015 record “Company” featuring Travis Scott, he raps about his ideal woman being one from the South. “Is you single or what? I need a girl from the country/ I need a girl from Kentucky, I need a shawty from Houston/ I need a girl who gon’ love me/ I need a girl who gon’ trust me, someone to f**k me/ Someone to make me feel lucky/ Someone that’s so proud to be with me/ She walk right up to her ex, look him dead in the face/ And say, ‘You ain’t got the juice like that’,” he rapped.

	This purchase and move ought to bring the For All The Dogs rapper some peace, as he still feels the effects of his beef with Kendrick Lamar, who coincidentally questioned his affinity for rappers from another southern city.

	On “Not Like Us,” Kendrick Lamar named every rapper from Atlanta who Drake has worked with and how they benefitted his career somehow. “You run to Atlanta when you need a check balance/ Let me break it down for you, this the real ni**a challenge/ You called Future when you didn’t see the club/ Lil Baby helped you get your lingo up/ 21 gave you false street cred/ Thug made you feel like you a slime in your head/ Quavo said you can be from Northside/ 2 Chainz say you good, but he lied,” he rapped.

	










	K. Dot’s “Not Like Us” debuted at No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 and has taken over the country as an early contender for the “Song Of The Summer.” It also broke a single-day streaming record on Spotify, which Drake previously held for his Lil Baby-assisted track “Girls Want Girls.” 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.