Is Jacob Elordi's 'On Swift Horses' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Amazon Prime Video?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'Heavenly Ever After' On Netflix, A Charming K-Drama Where An 80-Year-Old Woman Reconnects With Her Suddenly Much Younger Looking Husband In The Afterlife				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'Journey to You' on Hallmark, Where A Workaholic Nurse And A Divorced Single Dad Find Themselves—And Love—On The Camino de Santiago				

					Is 'The Wedding Banquet' 2025 Movie Streaming on Netflix or Amazon Prime?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Exterritorial’ on Netflix, a German Thriller Leaning Hard On Its Crunchy Hand-to-Hand Combat Sequences				

					The Top 10 Movies on Netflix That Are Most Popular Right Now				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Jewel Thief: The Heist Begins’ on Netflix, a Hacky Indian Action Flick That Only Steals Your Precious Time				

					Marvel's 'Thunderbolts*' Review: A Small Superhero Story Offering Huge Hope for the Future of the MCU				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘The Biggest Fan’ on Netflix, a Mexican Comedy About Celeb Worship Starring Kate del Castillo				

					Will There Be a 'Four Seasons' Season 2? Everything We Know About The Netflix Comedy				

					'The Four Seasons' Welcomes Back Alan Alda In A Special Guest Role				

					R.I.P. Ruth Buzzi: 'Laugh-In' And 'Sesame Street' Alum Dead At 88				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Asterix and Obelix: The Big Fight’ on Netflix, a Fresh and Fun Animated Series in a Long-Running French Franchise				

					Is the 'Sneaks' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Disney+?				

					Is the 2025 'King Of Kings' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Disney+?				

					Chaotic 'Minecraft Movie' Screenings Have Led To Police Removals Of Rowdy Audience Members				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Promised Hearts’ on Netflix, A Friends-to-Lovers Indonesian Romance About Childhood Friends				

					'The Smashing Machine' Trailer Drops: Could This Score Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson His First Oscar?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘The Narrow Road To The Deep North’ On Prime Video Where Jacob Elordi Plays A Haunted Prisoner Of War				

					Aimee Carrero On Why Signing Onto 'Your Friends And Neighbors' Was A No-Brainer For Her: "I Love Nothing More Than Subverting A Stereotype"				

					Kerry Washington Censored On 'The View' While Gloating About Telling Method Man To "F Off" In 'Shadow Force'				

					What Time Is Trump on TV Tonight? How To Watch 'President Trump The First 100 Days'				

					Kelly Clarkson Tells Finn Wolfhard All About Her "Horrible" First Kiss: "It Was Like He Was Searching For Something"				

					Idina Menzel Confesses To Andy Cohen On ‘The Kelly Clarkson Show’ About The Time She “Peed” Onstage: “It Was In ‘Wicked’”				

					'Andor' Season 2 Episode 6 Recap: Sex, Death, and Star Wars				

					Diego Luna Achieves Peak Hottness As Undercover Space Spy Hot Varian Skye  in ‘Andor’ 				

					'Andor' Season 2 Episode 5 Recap: Gimme Fuel, Gimme Fire				

					'Andor' Marries Star Wars With Shakespeare With Forest Whitaker’s Incendiary Ode to Rhydonium: "Revolution is Not For the Sane!"				

					'MobLand' Episode 5 Recap: Funeral Party				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Havoc’ on Netflix, Where Tom Hardy And Timothy Olyphant Are Among Those Shooting At Each Other 				

					'MobLand' Episode 4 Recap: Suspicious Minds				

					'MobLand' Episode 3 Recap: Human Sacrifice				

					'The Last Of Us': Why Did Ellie Leave Coffee Beans On Joel's Grave? The Significance, Explained 				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'The Eternaut' On Netflix, Where Survivors Band Together When A Toxic Snow Falls On Buenos Aires				

					'The Last of Us' Star Gabriel Luna Explains Why Tommy Isn't There For Joel's Death on the HBO Show: "I Always Thought That Was a Bit Weird"				

					'The Last of Us' Season 2 Episode 3 Recap: Stuck in the Joel Hole				

					Kerry Washington Censored On 'The View' While Gloating About Telling Method Man To "F Off" In 'Shadow Force'				

					Alyssa Farah Griffin Opens Up About "Stressful" Fertility Journey On 'The View'				

					'The View's Whoopi Goldberg Compares Jeremy Renner's Near Death Experience To 'Ghost': "It's Not Just A Movie"				

					Whoopi Goldberg Thinks Trump Is "Getting Even" With America For Not Supporting Him Through His Tariffs And Controversial Policies: "He's Angry At This Country"				

					An Ode to Judy Gemstone, TV's Poet Laureate of Nonsense				

					Walton Goggins Shares The Magic Of Baby Billy Freeman Belting Out "Turn The Other Cheek" In Behind The Scenes Instagram 				

					Walton Goggins Says He's Struggling To Say Goodbye To 'The Righteous Gemstones': "I Am Mourning The Fact That I Don't Get To Play Baby Billy Anymore"				

					Walton Goggins On Getting To Pull Off Some Of Television's Most Absurd Lines In 'The Righteous Gemstones': "Danny McBride Spins Gold"				
We all remember the iconic moment Kourtney Kardashian gave birth to her son Mason Disick in the Keeping Up With The Kardashians Season 4 finale. While Mason frequently appeared in the family’s first reality show as a young child, he has since opted to stay out of the spotlight — until now. 
In what was an otherwise boring Season 5 finale of The Kardashians on Hulu, the eldest son of Kourtney and Scott Disick saves the episode by making a brief cameo.
Toward the end of the episode, titled “I Can’t Do This,” all of the Kardashian/Jenner sisters (minus Kendall Jenner) and their many, many children come together for a family dinner at Kylie Jenner‘s Calabasas mansion.
Khloé Kardashian‘s kids True and Tatum Thompson come rushing inside, along with Kylie’s daughter Stormy Webster, Kourtney’s children Reign and Penelope Disick, Rob Kardashian‘s daughter Dream Kardashian and Kim Kardashian‘s squad of four.
“I love jumping into the chaos of all the cousins and all the sisters and everyone and then I love jumping out and going back to my peaceful place at home,” Kourtney says in her confessional. “We haven’t all been together and seen each other like this in a while.”
As everyone exchanges hugs, we can’t help but do a double take as Kourtney reaches to embrace a lanky teenager who towers over her in height. “My son,” she says as she wraps her arms around the mysterious boy in denim, prompting the quick realization that he’s not just any teenager. He’s Mason! 
Kourtney had Mason, who was also the first grandchild in their family, in 2009 — and aired his birth in E!’s Keeping Up With The Kardashians. Like his Uncle Rob, the now 14-year-old largely stays away from the cameras (and even decided against appearing in Kourtney and Travis Barker‘s Hulu wedding special) — which made it all the more shocking that he finally decided to make his Kardashians debut in the Season 5 finale.
Outside of the show, Mason has been slowly emerging into the public eye, having recently started his own Instagram page. So, who knows? Maybe he’s ready to come back to TV full-time. After all, he’s older than both Kendall and Kylie were when they started KUWTK.
Feel old yet? I know we do!
The Kardashians is currently streaming on Hulu.

This story has been shared 3,680 times.
3,680


This story has been shared 2,853 times.
2,853


This story has been shared 1,101 times.
1,101


This story has been shared 935 times.
935


This story has been shared 773 times.
773


This story has been shared 694 times.
694


This story has been shared 556 times.
556


This story has been shared 506 times.
506


This story has been shared 487 times.
487


This story has been shared 447 times.
447


This story has been shared 443 times.
443


This story has been shared 381 times.
381


This story has been shared 314 times.
314


This story has been shared 308 times.
308


This story has been shared 251 times.
251