Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
'JokeNite,' which launches Wednesday, will feature acts from Matthew Broussard, Preacher Lawson, Scott Seiss and Marcia Belsky.

							By 

	Alex Weprin

Senior Editor

	Didja hear the one about the stand-up comedy special in that game with the llamas and “slurp juice”?

	Comedian Trevor Noah, fresh off of hosting this year’s Grammy Awards, is producing a new stand-up comedy special through his Day Zero Productions. But the special isn’t for Comedy Central, HBO or Netflix, it’s for Fortnite, the popular open world franchise from Epic Games.



	The special, JokeNite, launches Wednesday (it’s at island code 6296-7829-6524 if you want to experience it for yourself, or on the “Epic Picks” section of the discovery page) and features performances from Matthew Broussard, Preacher Lawson, Scott Seiss and Marcia Belsky.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	Movies
			



	
		
					Far East Film Festival: Yihui Shao's Feminist Drama 'Her Story' Wins Top Prize		
			














	
	Movies
			



	
		
					Vivek Chaudhary's 'I, Poppy' Takes Top Jury Prize at Hot Docs Festival		
			








	“Each comedian delivers a motion-captured performance delivered in a Fortnite Outfit, against the backdrop of a digitally rendered comedy club,” Day Zero says.

	“With JokeNite Royale, we’re blending two things my mom never wanted me to get into, comedy and gaming,” Noah said in a statement. “I’m excited to step into this uncharted territory, breaking down traditional barriers and offering a fresh, dynamic way for fans to experience comedy.”

	Sanaz Yamin, Dan Zubrzycki and Chloe Ifshin produced the special for Day Zero Productions, with Derek Van Pelt and Madeleine Buisseret producing for Mainstay Entertainment.

	Epic Games was already in the news Wednesday, with Disney making a $1.5 billion investment and pledging to build an entirely new universe — interoperable with Fortnite — built around Disney IP.

Fortnite has already been used to launch special performances from the likes of Travis Scott and Eminem, though a stand-up comedy special is yet another type of performance that gamers can experience on the platform.
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.