The rapper's Cactus Jack Foundation spread holiday cheer in Houston.

							By 

	Amber Corrine

Staff Writer, News

	On Saturday (Dec. 21), Travis Scott and his Cactus Jack Foundation held their fifth annual Winter Wonderland giveback for Houston families, in partnership with Texas Southern University (TSU), the Houston Food Bank, and the Webster family.

	Hosted at the HBCU, the day was a vibrant celebration of community as Scott and his team gave out 2,000 toys and bikes to kids, along with 1,000 bags of food for families.

	200 pairs of Nike Cactus Jack sneakers, as well as limited-edition merchandise from brands like Cactus Jack Nike, Fanatics, the Houston Astros, and Space Village were also distributed.

	









A post shared by Clash Magazine (@clashmagazine)

	Families were treated to a magical Winter Wonderland-themed pop-up park featuring a giant inflatable bounce house and a special visit from Santa Claus. The Houston Astros also hosted a station where attendees could sign up for information on Scott’s TXRX Lab, as the Waymon Webster Program had a table providing resources for scholars interested in applying for HBCU scholarships.














	Related Story
	



	
		
					Ice Spice Reveals 'Y2K' Tracklist With Features From Travis Scott, Gunna And Central Cee		
			







	Notable attendees included the Webster family, Texas Southern University Chairman Brandon L. Simmons, and City of Houston Controller Chris Hollins. Additionally, Don Toliver and Love Island season six winner Serena Page made an appearance in support of the foundation’s mission to uplift the community during the holiday season.

	This year the foundation integrated the Waymon Webster Scholarship Program—named in honor of the Webster family’s HBCU legacy. According to a press release, to date, the program has awarded over $1,000,000 in scholarships to more than 100 graduating seniors.

	Take a look at shots from the joyous event below. 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.