E-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
to submit an obituary

Deadlines:


Monday-Friday 8:30am-4:00pm, Call 610-915-2226


(Proofs will be provided for accuracy only, they will not be styled/formatted like the finished product)


Obituaries submitted on Saturday, Sunday and Holidays are accepted from 8:30 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. by email only Obit@delcotimes.com


(No proofs will be furnished. Pricing will not be available until the next business day after 10:00am by calling Dianne at 610-915-2226)


Obituaries received after Deadline will not be published in the following edition of the paper.


Sending Procedure:


Email is the preferable method for receiving Obituaries (and the only method on Saturday, Sunday and Holidays), they can be sent to Obit@delcotimes.com (Feel free to call and confirm that we’ve received the email)


Formatting:


Obituaries will continue to visually look the same as they currently do, but you will no longer be restricted in what you can say (ex. As much Family can be listed as you’d like; Wording like “Went to rest with the Lord” is now permissible)


Other:


There is a cost for each obituary. Pricing and payments are only available Monday through Friday, 8:30 am to 4:00 pm. All weekend and holiday submissions will be provided a cost the next business day.


Exceptions:


All New accounts, Out of State Funeral Homes and Private Parties will require prepayment upon approval of the obituary. Weekend and Holiday staff are not authorized to set up a new account or process payments


Deadline for the above is before 4:00 PM Mon – Fri. only (Holiday schedules may vary).


Prepayment required submissions will be handled on the very first business day following the weekend and/or holiday schedule. A complete name, address and best contact phone number are required upon submittal of your obituary request to set up your account. A proof will then be emailed for review but placed on hold until payment is received.

Sign up for email newsletters
E-Edition

			TRENDING:		
By Aaron Bracy
PHILADELPHIA — Travis Konecny had a goal and two assists, Scott Laughton added a goal and an assist and the Philadelphia Flyers beat the Arizona Coyotes 5-3 on Monday night for their fourth straight win.
Morgan Frost, Jamie Drysdale and Owen Tippett also scored for the Flyers, whose winning streak has come following the All-Star break. Philadelphia, third in the Metropolitan Division, entered the break on a five-game losing streak. Sam Ersson made 20 saves.
“We just kept on playing and stayed with it,” Flyers coach John Tortorella said. “Good for them.”
Matt Dumba, Matias Maccelli and Alex Kerfoot scored for Arizona, which has lost six in a row, including three straight since the All-Star break. The Coyotes’ last win came on Jan. 22. Karel Vejmelka finished with 29 saves.
“We need to find a way to be more stingy defensively,” Arizona coach André Tourigny said. “We were in the box way too much. We had a few turnovers that cost us a lot. We had our chance at the end to tie, but we just could not get it done.”
The Flyers trailed 3-2 after two periods before scoring three times in the third.
Drysdale tied it 3-3 at 6:12 when his shot went off the skate of Dumba and past Vejmelka. Konecny upped his club-leading total to 50 points with an assist on the play.
Laughton put the Flyers in front with 9:39 left when he scored on a wraparound that made it 4-3. Philadelphia got a power play following the goal as Dumba was whistled for a high-sticking double-minor but it was reduced to a minor only after the goal was scored. Dumba’s stick cut Laughton as he was making his move to shoot.
Tippett sealed the win with an empty-netter with 1:21 left.
“Wasn’t our best game,” Konecny said. “We just found a way to win. That’s what we’re learning. And that’s a good thing for our group.”
Ersson kept the Flyers in front with a stellar, glove stop of Jason Zucker’s backhand try from in front of the crease with 5:32 to play.
“For us to have the lead and not be able to hold it is tough to swallow,” Coyotes’ Nick Bjugstad said.
Each team scored two goals in an entertaining second period.
It looked like the Flyers had tied the game 1-1 early in the period, but Travis Sanheim’s apparent goal was taken off the board following a video review that determined Philadelphia was offside on the play.
Philadelphia did even the score at 4:23 when Frost converted his ninth of the season on a penalty shot after being hauled down by Michael Kesselring. Frost patiently waited before shooting past Vejmelka’s blocker side.
Maccelli put Arizona ahead 2-1 at 7:57 after shooting from behind the goal line, off Ersson and into the net.
However, Konecny tied it with his team-leading 22nd goal by finishing a 2-on-1 with Laughton at 9:55 with the teams skating 4-on-4.
Kerfoot put the Coyotes ahead 3-2 with a beautiful deke to his backhand after getting in all alone on Ersson, making it 3-2 with 5:58 left in the second.
UP NEXT
Flyers: At Toronto on Thursday night.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group