By 

	Steven J. Horowitz

Senior Music Writer

Travis Scott is lending a hand to those affected by Hurricane Beryl by offering emergency housing to those displaced by the storm in his native Houston area.

	Yesterday, Scott’s Cactus Jack Foundation partnered with the Houston Food Bank to provide relief in Missouri City, Texas, offering essential aid including water, ice and food. Scott’s brother Joshua Webster, sister Jordan Webster and mother Wanda Webster were on hand to help out. Hurricane Beryl, which affected nearly three million homes and businesses, knocked out power for over two million residents in Missouri City, where the drive was held to assist people in need.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					2025 NBA Playoffs Hold Promise of a Ratings Rebound 		
			














	
		
					Blake Lively Calls Out 'Lowest Lows in My Life' Amid Justin Baldoni Legal Battle: 'I See So Many Women Afraid to Speak.' Fear 'Keeps Us Silent'		
			








Cactus Jack Foundation partnered with Houston Responds to launch an emergency hotel grant fund for those displaced from their homes, offering temporary housing in nearby hotels. Additionally, those who attended were able to apply for housing grants. Those who couldn’t make the drive can request vouchers at Houston Responds’ site.




			Popular on Variety		






	Over the past few years, Scott’s Foundation has provided humanitarian relief in Houston for residents in need. This past December, he held his fourth annual pop-up Winter Wonderland Park toy and food drive, giving 1,000 families food and toys. Cactus Jack also assisted in the fallout of other natural disasters, launching an emergency food program after Houston’s winter storm in early 2021.

	The rapper founded the Cactus Jack Foundation in Nov. 2020 and, along with the announcement, launched the HBCU Waymon Webster scholarship program to cover tuition fees for college students who were experiencing financial challenges during the pandemic. The fund was named after his grandfather who attended HBCU Prairie View A&M University in Texas.

	“Waymon Webster was a dean of the Prairie View A&M graduate school,” said Scott at the time. “My grandfather wanted me to take it all the way through college. I feel there is a power in education so to be able to give someone the opportunity to fulfill that dream as my papa thought for me is amazing.”
The Business of Entertainment