Kylie Jenner closed the show at Coperni Spring/Summer 2025 on Oct. 1 during Paris Fashion Week. Now she’s giving a little BTS of the moment.
Kylie Jenner gave her followers a chance to keep up with her latest moment on the runway.
After closing the show during the Coperni Spring/Summer 2025 presentation on Oct. 1 at Disneyland Paris, the Kylie Cosmetics founder shared a little behind-the-scenes footage from her Paris Fashion Week debut.
Taking to her Instagram Story to reflect on the moment, Kylie, 27, shared a picture of herself smiling after the show in the gorgeous all-black gown alongside the caption, “Never ever getting over this.”
The 27-year-old—who is mom daughter Stormi Webster, 6, and son Aire Webster, 2, with ex Travis Scott—also shared snaps of her friends walking around the theme park.
The moment was full of support from friends and family, which The Kardashians star shared on her Instagram Story.
This includes a sweet tribute from BBF Stassie Karanikolaou, who posted a video of Kylie on the runway and wrote, “AHHHHTHATSMYBESTFRIEND. You better walk.” 
As for Kylie's mother, Kris Jenner, the momager couldn’t keep her pride off the grid, “My beautiful princess!!!!!!” she wrote on Instagram.” @kyliejenner closing the Coperni show at Disneyland Paris tonight! @coperni.”
Kylie’s runway moment came after her big sister Kendall Jenner graced the catwalk during the Schiaparelli and Alaïa shows. Kendall—who recently debuted ice blonde tresses—has also been using the City of Lights to put her street style on display.
According to Kendall, there is room for her and all her sisters in the world of fashion.
“Growing up with sisters, you would think it would be the opposite,” she told Vogue in May. “Even with my little sister—the biggest thing we would fight over was the TV remote.”
“There was never that who’s-better-dressed, who’s-prettier thing,” Kendall, 28, continued. “It was always: You’re you, I’m me. I’ve never thought of my career as a competition, and that’s thanks to awesome sisters.”
A post shared by Kris Jenner (@krisjenner)
Though she is not a fixture on the runway like Kendall, Kylie made her runway debut at age 14 modeling for Abbey Dawn—designed by her half-brother Brody Jenner’s then-girlfriend Avril Lavigne—during New York Fashion Week in 2011. 
Since, the social media mogul has become a regular at shows during Fashion Weeks all over the world.
But she wasn’t the only star to bring her fashion A-game this week. Keep reading for more from Paris Fashion Week….
Zendaya
At Louis Vuitton show.
Shay Mitchell
At Louis Vuitton show.
Ayo Edebiri
At the Business of Fashion BoF 500 Class of 2024 event.
Dove Cameron & Damiano David
At the Business of Fashion BoF 500 Class of 2024 event.
Venus Williams
At Lacoste show.
Shailene Woodley
At Miu Miu show.
Hilary Swank
On Miu Miu runway.
Margaret Qualley
At Chanel show.
Candice Swanepoel
On Schiaparelli runway.
Lupita Nyong'o
At Chanel show.
Ashley Park
At Bvlgari Calla collection launch.
Katy Perry
At Balenciaga show.
Normani
At Ottolinger show.
Jared Leto
At Valentino show.
Kate Bosworth
At Isabel Marant show.
Alessandra Ambrosio
On Elie Saab runway.
Lily Gladstone
At Gabriela Hearst show.
Camila Cabello
At Vetements show.
Gigi Hadid
On Vetements runway.
Brooklyn Beckham & Nicola Peltz
At Victoria Beckham show.
Kylie Jenner
At Schiaparelli show.
Nina Dobrev
At Giambattista Valli show.
Kiernan Shipka
At Nina Ricci show.
Kendall Jenner
On L'Oréal Paris runway.
Laverne Cox
At Mugler show.
Cardi B
At  Mugler show.
Rosalía
Outside the The Ritz Hotel.
Arthur Saint Bleck & Selma Blair
At Chloé show.
Sienna Miller
At Chloé show.
Diane Kruger
At Chloé show.
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.