By ASHLEIGH GRAY FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  00:31, 29 January 2024   |  Updated:  00:37, 29 January 2024   
 30
View  comments
Kylie Jenner appeared on Instagram on Sunday and shared new content with her nearly 400 million followers.
In photos and videos, the 26-year-old billionaire — who served looks for Paris Fashion Week — was joined by her two children — daughter Stormi, 5, and son Aire, 1, ahead of their back-to-back birthdays on February 1 and 2 respectively.
Jenner used the social media app's Stories feature to upload a selfie in which she wore large black sunglasses and a trench coat.
The hood of her outerwear was pulled over her head as she sat in a vehicle with a black leather interior.
She wrote, 'Next adventure,' and added an airplane emoji, leaving fans to guess where she's off to.
Kylie Jenner appeared on Instagram on Sunday and shared new content with her nearly 400 million followers, teasing in one selfie that she was onto her 'next adventure'
In photos and videos, the 26-year-old billionaire was joined by her two children — daughter Stormi, 5, and son Aire, 1, ahead of their back-to-back birthdays on February 1 and 2 respectively
Jenner's fashionable coat boasted light blue denim sleeves, a heather gray hood, as well as panel with traditional khaki material.
She was makeup-free in the snaps, in which she appeared to be leaving France after enjoying PFW.
Her small children giggled as the trio playfully snuggled up to each other in the brief outtakes.
Stormi looked adorable with her dark curly hair pulled into a ponytail as she wore a long-sleeved shirt with a pony printed on it.
In the footage, Jenner used a fun filter that doubled her and her children's eyes.
The makeup mogul shares her two kids with ex-boyfriend Travis Scott.
Since their final split in early 2023, she has moved on with new love interest Timothee Chalamet.
Also on Sunday, the multihyphenate shared more fashion-forward photos from her busy week in Paris.
Jenner used a filter that doubled her and her children's eyes
Also on Sunday, the multihyphenate shared more fashion-forward photos from her busy week in Paris
Another selection of pictures was captioned, 'parissssss i love u'
One set of images showed an up-close glimpse at her elaborate makeup and hair as she wrote in the caption, 'she’s just a glam girl.'
She tagged her brand Kylie Cosmetics in the post as she flaunted a face of blush, highlighter, lipstick, and more.
Kylie wowed with her thick brunette hair styled in a wet-and-wavy look as it flowed down her back.
Another selection of pictures was captioned, 'parissssss i love u.' 
One post currently has 1.8 million likes from her legion of fans, and the other has so far collected over two million.
The reality television star wore a MM6 Maison Margiela dress on Saturday night en route to the popular restaurant Diep for dinner.
The off-the-shoulder black number was billowy and cropped at her upper thighs.
One set of images showed an up-close glimpse at her elaborate makeup and hair as she wrote in the caption, 'she’s just a glam girl'
The reality television star wore a MM6 Maison Margiela dress on Saturday night en route to the popular restaurant Diep for dinner
One post currently has 1.8 million likes from her legion of fans, and the other has so far collected over two million
The off-the-shoulder black number was billowy and cropped at her upper thighs
She added a pair of suede, beige, over-the-knee, heeled boots.
Earlier in the week she was spotted in a faux fur coat and bright red pumps on her way to a photo shoot.
On Thursday she donned a head-turning ensemble at the star-studded Maison Margiela runway show where she was joined by sister Kim Kardashian and mom Kris Jenner.
One day prior, she and Jordyn Woods showed their friendship was going strong as they giddily waved to each other ahead of the Jean Paul Gaultier x Simone Rocha show.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group