Kirk Medas, a star of the MTV reality show “Floribama Shore,” has died. He was 33 years old.
Mangione is the 26-year-old facing charges tied to the death of Brian Thompson, the former CEO of UnitedHealthcare.
A beloved entertainment legend in Houston, Scott Gertner passed away unexpectedly on Thursday. FOX 26's Jillian Hartman spoke to people who knew Gertner well.
FOX 26's Melissa Wilson hosted the 25th annual Children at Risk Golf Classic on Friday. Caroline Collins was there to compete against other players, including Melissa's husband.
Ruth Buzzi, a comedian who made more than 200 television appearances during a 45-year career, has died at age 88. Here's what we know.
From Wayne Osmond to Gene Hackman to Michelle Trachtenberg, we’ve marked the loss of many beloved or notable celebrities who have died this year.
The felony involuntary manslaughter charge against the film’s lead, Alec Baldwin, was dropped last year.
FOX 26 Reporter Ruben Dominguez brings you the latest on new released music.
The broadcaster and writer addressed his life and future during a new documentary.
Michael Bolton opened up about his aggressive brain cancer diagnosis in a recent interview. Here's what to know.
FOX 26 Reporter Ruben Dominguez brings you the latest on newly released music.
For the first time in “The Masked Singer" history, no contestants were eliminated from the competition. Instead, Lucky Duck, the season’s investigator, was unmasked.
Katie Stone talks with Executive Chef Tim Reading and General Manager Scott Smith at Leo's River Oaks.
Katie Stone talks with Executive Chef Tim Reading and General Manager Scott Smith at Leo's River Oaksn
Lake Conroe Park is making a splashy comeback this summer, reopening on May 24 as Lake Conroe Beach Park. FOX 26's Coco Dominguez spoke with the new owner.
Mayday USA is set to energize Houston as one of the five major cities hosting this unique event.
Mayday USA is coming to H-Town! Get ready to be energized at this family-friendly event! The director, Callie Gray, tells us all about the free giveaways, from grocery gift cards to bicycles and kid's haircuts.
Christie Brinkley and Billy Joel's relationship lasted nearly a decade before the couple divorced.
The trial over Kim Kardashian’s 2016 Paris robbery has begun with 10 defendants, after one suspect died and another was deemed too ill to stand trial. Kardashian is expected to testify in May.
The 13 Rock & Roll Hall of Fame inductees for 2025 were announced on Sunday, including Chubby Checker, Bad Company, Outkast and the White Stripes.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX Television Stations