Justin Bieber and Hailey Bieber have completely ignored split rumours while celebrating Easter together amid rife speculation over their relationship.
After a sweet Easter spent together, it seems that all is well in the Bieber household as the couple ignored any harsh speculation. On Sunday, Hailey, 27, shared a snap of two very large personalised chocolate eggs with Hailey and Justin's names written on them.
Meanwhile, another post showed Hailey posing with a filter that added bunny ears to the top of her head. She simply captioned the snap: "Happy Easter."
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Scott Disick 'sends warning' to ex Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker over PDA
The couple sparked divorce rumours after her father shared a now-expired post on his Instagram stories where he begged for prayers for the model and singer. The post was originally posted by Victor Marx and was a video of Justin playing a guitar and singing a Christian song called I Will Sing of Your Love Forever.
Victor captioned the video: "Christians, please when you think of Justin & Hailey, take a moment to offer a little prayer for them to have wisdom, protection and to draw them closer to the Lord." The cryptic post had the people wondering if things weren't going well in their marriage at the time.
And a month ago, on March 5, when divorce rumours were going wild on social media, Hailey took to her Instagram to clear up any speculation of a possible split. "Just FYI, the stories and constant 'blind items' I see on TikTok are 100% of the time wrong," she penned at the time.
She went on to add that the claims are "made out of thin air" and "come from the land of delusion". Hailey then said that it "may be fun feeding into these stories," but urged "they're always false."
Following Justin Bieber's high profile romance with Selena Gomez, the popstar married Hailey, formerly Baldwin, in 2018 after a whirlwind engagement. The couple got hitched on September 13, 2019 and obtained their marriage license at a New York City courthouse.
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok , Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.