Sexyy Red also came to the rapper's defense. 

													By
												

	Michael Saponara


Ice Spice has shut down rumors claiming she’s taking Ozempic for weight loss. The Bronx native dispelled the allegations in an X Spaces on Monday (Aug. 19) while sniping at those speaking about her figure.






	
	
		
					Explore		
	





		Explore	

















	
		
					Ice Spice		
					


See latest videos, charts and news



See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	“I actually came on here to talk about that real quick. I wish y’all never learned the word Ozempic,” she said. “That’s one thing I wish. Oh my God! Like, what even is Ozempic? What the f–k is that? Genuinely, what is that?”





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Mase Wants Fans to Vote If He Should Attend Diddy's Trial		
	



	05/02/2025	







	Ice continued to spew. “You lazy-a– b—–s never heard of a gym? It’s called the gym, it’s called eating healthy, it’s called being on tour,” she added. “Like, what the hell? Maybe if I was sitting at home all f–king day, it’d be easier to stay big.”

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	Sexyy Red chimed in on Instagram, coming to Ice Spice’s defense regarding people constantly commenting on her weight. “Y’all act like people can’t b stressed or not eat as much and she still look good so next,” she wrote.

	Ozempic is an FDA-approved prescription medicine for those diagnosed with Type 2 diabetes, but also has been used off-label for weight loss.

	The 24-year-old has brushed off the speculation and continues to rock the stage as part of her first headlining trek on the Y2K! World Tour. She took over L.A.’s Hollywood Palladium on Monday night (Aug. 19) and brought out her “Bitch I’m Packin'” collaborator Gunna for a special surprise for the fans.

	The rest of the tour will make stops in Oakland, Tempe, Dallas, Houston and Atlanta before wrapping up in Miami on Aug. 31. 

	Ice Spice’s anticipated Y2K! debut album arrived in July with features from Gunna, Travis Scott and Central Cee. The LP reached No. 18 on the Billboard 200. However, the rapper never saw the project as a make or break for her and is enjoying connecting with her fans on the road. 

	“I think people try to put that pressure on me just because I have been so successful,” she previously told Billboard. “I don’t really put too much weight into it. Of course, I appreciate it and I prefer it, but it’s not a make-or-break for me. I’m just happy with the album I made.”

	Hear what Ice Spice had to say about Ozempic below. 
#IceSpice reacts to discourse about her weight loss, via spaces: “Its called gym? It’s called being on a tour[…]maybe if I was staying home all day it’d be easier to stay big.” pic.twitter.com/ndhELax8me
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.