By JAMES VITUSCKA and RUSS WEAKLAND FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  16:25, 15 March 2024   |  Updated:  16:57, 15 March 2024   
 143
View  comments
Kylie Jenner and Timothee Chalamet are still dating, insiders have confirmed to DailyMail.com, despite recent fears that the couple may have called it quits.
The pair have not been spotted together in public since January, leading some fans to believe they had quietly separated.
Now, insiders have claimed the smitten duo have deliberately taken a step back from the limelight to 'protect' their relationship - and because Timothee, 28, was uncomfortable with the coverage of their kiss at the Golden Globes and feared it could distract from his new film, Dune 2.
'Timothee didn't like all the attention he got with Kylie during the Golden Globes and their kiss took away from the reason he was there,' a source told DailyMail.com.
Kylie Jenner and Timothee Chalamet are still dating, insiders have told DailyMail.com 
Fans feared they had quietly parted ways - despite Kylie wearing a bracelet at an Oscar's party which bore a striking resemblance to a design Timothee has previously worn 
'His career is taking off and he wants to protect it and let it thrive based on his talent – not who he is or isn't dating. He also wants to protect his relationship with Kylie.'
Timothee appears to be following the lead of his Dune costar Zendaya who has also walked the red carpets without her partner, Spider-Man actor Tom Holland, while promoting their blockbuster sequel worldwide.
The insider continued: 'They are still dating. But Timothee has decided to keep a low profile with Kylie, mainly because he wants Dune 2 to get all the attention and for the movie to speak for itself.
'Zendaya and others from the film have also refrained from flaunting their relationships during the press tour, because they want the movie to be its own thing and not have any outside drama or distractions ruining that.'  
They added that Kylie, 26, has been completely understanding. 
'She knows that he thinks the world of her, and she gets the person that he is personally and the person he wants to be professionally,' they said. 
'Maybe a year from now when Dune 2 starts getting nominated for things, he will be more relaxed about being out with her and attending more red carpets together.
'But as of now, he is keeping the relationship close to his chest and Kylie is fine with that.'
Kylie and Timothee's very public makeout session at the Golden Globes caused a social media frenzy at the start of the year
Timothee - wearing a necklace similar to Kylie's bracelet - has reportedly struggled with the 'attention he got with Kylie' after their Golden Globes kiss
A second source added that the mother-of-two is enjoying the privacy and claimed the reality star sees a real future with Timothee.
'Kylie family feel she is a much more humble and real person when she is around Timothee,' the insider said. 'She loves him so much and she's said she believes he is the one.'
DailyMail.com has contacted representatives for Timothee and Kylie for comment.
The update comes after Kylie inadvertently fueled break-up rumors when she posted a TikTok video earlier this month showing her going through her daily routines with her daughter Stormi Webster, six, and older sister Kendall Jenner, 28.
Fans and commenters were convinced the post was an attempt to 'soft-launch' a break-up by highlighting how well she is doing on her own as a single mother raising two children and taking care of her ever-expanding business empire.
She was also accused of deflecting when asked by the New York Times how she feels about fans claiming she 'changed her style' for Timothee.
'I don't know how I feel about it, I just don't want to talk about personal things,' she said.
However, TikTok user @giferreiro went viral after she claimed to have seen the couple together at an ice cream shop in Santa Monica on March 9.
Timothée and Kylie were reportedly first acquainted after meeting up at Paris Fashion week in January 2023, but made their public debut in September that same year
The couple proved they were not shy about displaying their affection for one another as they shared kisses at Beyonce's concert in LA and then the US Open Men's final (pictured)
'Me and my mom decided to get ice cream at a place called McConnell's,' she began.
'Kylie was in the middle of ordering and I recognized her right away, like immediately. So I started freaking out in silence. They both had a hood on and a mask on.
'I look up at Timothee and he's staring at me like, "Here we go, she know who we are"... After I got my ice cream and went outside, they were still there. I asked for the picture and they did say no. Kylie was very nice about it.'
Days later, Kylie made an appearance at the Vanity Fair Oscars afterparty wearing a Cartier Love Necklace that both she and Timothee had been seen wearing months earlier.
Timothee wore the item, which costs close to $5,000, in October 2023 at a dinner celebrating the fragrance, Bleu de Chanel.
Kylie has been spotted wearing the necklace as a bracelet in several Instagram snaps - and most recently flashed the jewelry on her wrist at the Oscars Vanity Fair party. 
Fans previously theorized that the Wonka star had either gifted her the piece, or that the two had matching versions. 
Timothée and Kylie were reportedly first acquainted after meeting up at Paris Fashion week in January 2023, around the time she split from Travis Scott.
But it wasn't until April of that year that rumors of a relationship began flying when Kylie's recognizable black SUV was seen at Timothée's home in Beverly Hills.
The source claimed: 'Timothee is keeping the relationship close to his chest and Kylie is fine with that'
An eyewitness told DailyMail.com later that month that Timothée had gotten into Kylie's SUV after they left an art show in Santa Monica.
They were reported to be officially dating by the end of the month, though they tried to keep the details of their relationship under the radar. 
DailyMail.com obtained photos of the two arriving separately in their own cars to the actor's home on June 1, suggesting that things were heating up between the two. 
They were the subject of breakup rumors back in August, before making their public debut one month later at Beyoncé's Renaissance tour in Los Angeles. They followed it up with a trip to the US Open later that month.
When Timothée went on to host Saturday Night Live in November, Kylie reposted a promo for the episode, which is as close as she has come to publicly speaking about the relationship. 
Things seemed to be getting serious by December 2023, when People reported that Kylie was now calling Timothée her 'boyfriend.' 
The two showed off more affection in January when they put on a loved-up display at the Golden Globes.
Though they sat together at the same table, they opted not to walk the red carpet together.
The two haven't made any major public displays or comments in the last two months, which set off speculation that the burgeoning relationship was already over. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group