Manage your account
All season, Taylor Swift fans have been the 12th man on the field for the Kansas City Chiefs. Whether they knew football or not, Swifties cheered loyally and, dare we say, obsessively for Kansas City because Swift is dating Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce.
So hold on tight.
The Swifties are going to the Super Bowl.
We got a taste of what will look like on Sunday.
We need to keep 911 on speed dial?
“I’m so unwell rn like im actually dying like you dont understand im hyperventilating on the floor sobbing this is the most unstable ive been since “karma is the guy on the chiefs” and post show kiss like i am at dangerous levels of unwell rn someone call a doctor,” a Swiftie named Madi wrote in a stream of consciousness on X, formerly Twitter.
The Chiefs may have punched their ticket to their fourth Super Bowl in five seasons, but this is the first time for Swifties. Within minutes of the final play Sunday, Swift’s fans around the world, and in several languages, swarmed social media. They were excited.
“Swifties and Chiefs Kingon ASSEMBLE!!!” tweeted @RealBBQDom.
They took some shots at their detractors.
Shake it off?
And they reminded the world of a particular night in Argentina when Swift first publicly declared her affection for Kelce with these words: “Karma is the guy on the Chiefs.”
Here’s where that phrase came from.
In November, on the second night of her Eras Tour stop in Buenos Aires, Kelce joined her father, Scott Swift, at the concert. It was a serious turn for the budding romance, the first time Kelce met Papa Swift.
The two men watched the show together from a VIP tent.
During the concert she changed the lyrics to her hit song “Karma,” replacing “Karma is the guy on the screen …” with this: ”Karma is the guy on the Chiefs, coming straight home to me.” Fans swooned.
She made it a night they would never forget by running into Kelce’s arms after the show and sharing a big, Hollywood hug and kiss.
That tweaked lyric has become a sort of anthem now for her fans, who turned it into a trending topic on social media after Sunday’s game.
Expect to hear it a lot over the next two weeks.
The Chiefs play in the Super Bowl on Feb 11.