Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
Kylie Jenner's adorable daughter Stormi appeared to be following in her mum's fashionable footsteps as they posed together in matching gowns for some sweet snaps while attending a Paris fashion show. 
The Kylie Cosmetics businesswoman and her five year old mini-me arrived wearing matching black outfits and stylish sunglasses. Kylie looked stunning in a fitted strapless black dress with feather detailing, while Stormi stole the show in a loose black floor-length dress with feathered collar detailing.
Stormi accessorised with a miniature handbag with gold detailing to match her mums gold earrings. Kylie's oldest child was all smiles as she joined her famous mum at the star-studded event. 
Keeping up with the Kardashians star Kylie opted for a flawless minimal makeup look with a nude lip colour and her hair pinned up. 
Fans gushed over the mother-daughter duo online as one fan wrote: "Kylie Jenner is the moment", while another added: "Kylie Jenner with Stormi at Valentino SS24 Couture are so cute".
A third quipped: "Stormi is going to be such a girls girl", while another added: "Iconic".
As the pair entered the event, Kylie also was seen posing next to music icon Jennifer Lopez, who cut an elegant figure in a sleek black outfit. Kylie was also snapped with actress Florence Pugh as she pulled her in for a pouty picture. 
This isn't the only time Kylie has been hitting the headlines over the past few weeks, as fans went wild after she put on a loved-up display with Wonka actor Timothée Chalamet at the 2024 Golden Globe Awards.
A short clip of the duo staring into each others eyes as they chatted and kissed went viral, which quickly sent fans into a frenzy as they tried to work out what they were saying to each other.
Kylie and Timothée were first reported to be dating in 2023, following Kylie's split from rapper Travis Scott. Kylie and Timothée's PDA sparked a huge reaction, with their Golden Globes appearance marking the couple's first red carpet event together.
One person penned: "How could you say that kylie jenner and timothee chalamet aren't in love? #GoldenGlobes," while another added: "Timothée Chalamet and Kylie Jenner are cute though #GoldenGlobes." 
A third said: "AM I WATCHING THE SAME VIDEO AS EVERYONE?? how she plays with her necklace, and how he looks at her, Im dying #TimothéeChalamet #GoldenGlobes #kyliejenner."