By STEPHEN M. LEPORE FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  02:18, 28 October 2024   |  Updated:  12:58, 28 October 2024   
 799
View  comments
Jennifer Lopez, Bad Bunny and Ricky Martin responded to a wild joke about Puerto Rico at Donald Trump's Madison Square Garden rally by endorsing Kamala Harris.
The pop stars were just some of the celebrities to throw their support behind Harris after comedian Tony Hinchcliffe compared the Caribbean Island to 'garbage' during Trump's raucous rally on Sunday.
While poking fun at celebrity Democrats, Hinchcliffe's offbeat remark about Puerto Rico even stunned the MAGA faithful in one of the the world's most famous arenas.
'There's literally a floating island of garbage in the middle of the ocean right now. I think it's called Puerto Rico,' he said.
The joke received a tepid response from the crowd, and widespread condemnation from Democrats, Republicans and even Trump's own campaign. A series of Puerto Rican stars responded by endorsing Harris and sharing her plans for the U.S. territory.
The likes of Jennifer Lopez, Bad Bunny and Ricky Martin all responded to comic Tony Hinchcliffe's shocking joke at Donald Trump's MSG rally by endorsing Kamala Harris
The former president took the stage in deep blue New York City after being introduced by his wife and former first lady Melania Trump in her first rally appearance of the race
Ricky Martin, the Puerto Rican superstar with 18.6 million followers on Instagram, quickly shared a video of Harris's appeal to Puerto Rican voters, along with a clip of Hinchcliffe's disparaging remarks.
'This is what they think of us,' Martin wrote in Spanish. 'Vote for @kamalaharris.'
Jennifer Lopez shared the same video and multiple slides showing Harris' Puerto Rico policy to 250 million followers. 
The video shared by Bad Bunny on Instagram shows Harris saying 'there´s so much at stake in this election for Puerto Rican voters and for Puerto Rico.' A representative of the artist confirmed that Bad Bunny is supporting Harris.
The artist then shared another part of the clip where Harris says, 'I will never forget what Donald Trump did and what he did not do when Puerto Rico needed a caring and a competent leader.'
New York rapper Fat Joe wrote: 'The man threw towels at you and blocked financial aid in Hurricane Maria and you Boris think he's your guy WAKE UP VOTE!!!!!!! This is what he really thinks about you.'
Two Florida Republicans joined the condemnation for the joke, including Senator Rick Scott.
Jennifer Lopez shared a video and multiple slides showing Harris' Puerto Rico policy to 250 million followers
'This joke bombed for a reason. It's not funny and it's not true. Puerto Ricans are amazing people and amazing Americans! I've been to the island many times. It's a beautiful place,' Scott wrote. 
'Everyone should visit! I will always do whatever I can to help any Puerto Rican in Florida or on the island.'
Congresswoman Maria Salazar wrote: 'Disgusted by @TonyHinchcliffe's racist comment calling Puerto Rico a "floating island of garbage." This rhetoric does not reflect GOP values.'
'Puerto Rico sent 48,000+ soldiers to Vietnam, with over 345 Purple Hearts awarded. This bravery deserves respect,' she added. 'Educate yourself!
Anthony D'Esposito, a New York Congressman who attended the rally, wrote: 'I'm proud to be Puerto Rican. My mom was born and raised in Puerto Rico. It's a beautiful island with a rich culture and an integral part of the USA. The only thing that's 'garbage' was a bad comedy set. Stay on message.' 
The normally pugnacious Trump campaign took the rare step of distancing itself from Hinchcliffe. 
'This joke does not reflect the views of President Trump or the campaign,' senior adviser Danielle Alvarez said in a statement. 
So far, the only person Hinchcliffe has responded to about the joke is vice presidential candidate Tim Walz.
The video shared by Bad Bunny on Instagram shows Harris saying 'there´s so much at stake in this election for Puerto Rican voters and for Puerto Rico.' A representative of the artist confirmed that Bad Bunny is supporting Harris
 The Minnesota governor referred to Hinchcliffe as a 'jackwad' on a Twitch stream with Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez Sunday. 
'These people have no sense of humor. Wild that a vice presidential candidate would take time out of his 'busy schedule' to analyze a joke taken out of context to make it seem racist,' Hinchcliffe wrote on social media. 
'I love Puerto Rico and vacation there. I made fun of everyone…watch the whole set. I'm a comedian Tim…might be time to change your tampon.'
Pennsylvania has around 500,000 Puerto Ricans. The state that will likely decide the election.
Harris seized on the attacks as she competes with the ex-president to win over Puerto Rican communities in the tight battleground states expected to decide the election.
'Puerto Ricans deserve a president who sees and invests in (their) strength,' Harris said in a clip published on social media along Hinchcliffe's comments.
Hinchcliffe also made a crude joke about Puerto Ricans and other migrants pro-creating during his comedy set at the Manhattan landmark.
He pointed out that the rich and famous from Eminem to Travis Kelce to Leonardo DiCaprio were supporting Harris. 
Hinchcliffe then riffed: 'Every day, the Democrat Party looks more like a Diddy Party!' 
Diddy, 54, was arrested at Park Hyatt Hotel in New York City and has since been charged with sex trafficking. He pleaded not guilty to in a Manhattan court.
The charges are tied to 'freak offs' - coerced sex acts that Combs allegedly orchestrated and recorded at his wild parties, according to a federal indictment.
Hinchcliffe went after Kelce again, with a twisted joke regarding his relationship with Taylor Swift. 
'I don't know about you guys, but I think Travis Kelce might be the next OJ Simpson,' he said.
Several speakers earlier on Sunday crudely insulted Harris, who is vying to become the first woman and Black woman to win the presidency. 
Trump spoke to the crowd at Madison Square Garden with nine days left of the presidential election campaign.
The former president took the stage in deep blue New York City after being introduced by his wife and former first lady Melania Trump in her first rally appearance of the race.
J.D. Vance, Dr. Phil, Hulk Hogan, Dana White, Tucker Carlson and members of the Trump family addressed the 20,000 capacity arena and railed against Kamala Harris' polices.
So far, the only person Hinchcliffe has responded to about the joke is vice presidential candidate Tim Walz
'These people have no sense of humor. Wild that a vice presidential candidate would take time out of his 'busy schedule' to analyze a joke taken out of context to make it seem racist,' Hinchcliffe wrote on social media
The marquee event reflected the former president's tone throughout his third White House campaign. 
Though he refrained from doing so Sunday, Trump often tears into Harris in offensive and personal terms himself.
At times, it felt like an amped-up version of the Republican National Convention in July that convened two days after Trump was nearly assassinated at a rally in Butler, Pennsylvania, which featured many of the same personalities - this time delivering speeches with far more volume.
And that was all before Trump was to take the stage, running more than two hours late.
After being introduced by his wife, the former president began by asking the same questions he´s asked at the start of every recent rally: 'Are you better off now than you were four years ago?' The crowd responded with a resounding 'No!'
Hinchcliffe compared the Democrat Party to a ' Diddy party' after citing celebrity endorsements for Kamala Harris
Trump spoke to packed crowd at Madison Square Garden with nine days left of the presidential election campaign
'This election is a choice between whether we´ll have four more years of gross incompetence and failure, or whether we´ll begin the greatest years in the history of our country,' he said.
Trump on Sunday added a new proposal to his list of tax cuts aimed at winning over older adults and blue-collar workers, which already includes vows to end taxes on Social Security benefits, tips and overtime pay: A tax credit for family caregivers.
This comes after Harris has talked about the 'sandwich generation' of adults caring for aging parents while raising their children at the same time. Harris has proposed federal funding to cover home care costs for older Americans.
Trump otherwise repeated familiar lines about foreign policy and immigration, calling for the death penalty for any migrant who kills a U.S. citizen and saying that the day he takes office, 'The migrant invasion of our country ends.'
MAGA fans lined up in their thousands overnight to listen to the Republican nominee make his final pitch to voters in what could be one of the closest elections in decades.
Meanwhile Harris campaigned in Pennsylvania, the state that could ultimately decide who takes the keys to the White House. 
The election is still a dead heat, with Harris and Trump deadlocked in the polls nationwide.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group