By KINTA WALSH-COTTON FOR DAILY MAIL AUSTRALIA 
 Published:  23:11, 8 February 2024   |  Updated:  04:31, 9 February 2024   
 48
View  comments
Kourtney Kardashian is back in Australia for the first time in over a decade, and on Thursday the reality TV star got up close and personal with one of the locals.
As she attempted to relax in her lavish Sydney hotel room the Keeping Up With The Kardashians star, 44, came eye-to-eye with a huge huntsman spider. 
Rather than squash the massive arachnid, the socialite decided to capture and release it - but not before sharing a photo to her Instagram Stories.
'Captured to go back outside... far far away,' she captioned a picture of the spider which she had caught in a glass cup.
Shaken by the encounter, Kourtney took her son Reign, eight, to Bondi restaurant hotspot Bills for a meal. 
Kourtney Kardashian, 44, (pictured) is back in Australia for the first time in over a decade, and on Thursday the reality TV star was treated to a very cultural experience
The socialite shared several pictures of her visit to the Sydney institution, revealing an incredible spread of pancakes, pasta, burgers and chips. 
Kourtney jetted Down Under on Tuesday to support husband Travis Barker during blink-182's Australian tour, just weeks after giving birth to their baby boy Rocky. 
The couple were seen exploring Bondi Beach together this week before Travis, 48, jetted off to Perth solo to kick off the tour, with Kourtney staying in Sydney with Rocky, three months, and her children Penelope, 11, and son Reign. 
On Thursday, Kourtney was seen treating Penelope and Reign, who she shares with ex Scott Disick, to some ice-cream at another Eastern Suburbs hot spot - Gelato Messina in Bondi.
Kourtney was seen trying several flavours before she ultimately decided her final pick.
As she attempted to relax in her lavish Sydney hotel room the Keeping Up With The Kardashians star came eye-to-eye with a huge huntsman spider
For the outing, Kourtney dressed for comfort in an oversized white baseball T-shirt and wide leg grey trousers which she teamed with black loafers.
Kourtney also paid tribute to her loved ones with an array of necklaces, with one reading 'Rocky' - her newborn son's name - and another reading 'Mrs Barker' after her and Travis tied the knot in May 2022.
The doting mother sweetly held hands with her son Reign, who wore green camouflage trousers and a black graphic T-shirt.
Her daughter Penelope followed behind and looked like Kourtney's mini-me in a white T-shirt and denim shorts.
She did not appear to have brought baby Rocky, who was born on November 1, with them for the outing. 
Shaken by the encounter, Kourtney took her son Reign, eight, to Bondi hotspot Bills for a meal 
Her older son Mason, 13, has also seemingly not joined the clan on the Australia trip. 
Elsewhere in the day, Kourtney was seen paying a visit to op shop UTURN with her kids to take a look at their vintage second-hand clothing options.
Their latest outing comes after Kourtney and Travis shocked diners when they made an unexpected visit to Bonditony's Burger Joint in Sydney earlier this week.
Bonditony's Burger Joint took to Instagram on Wednesday to share a snap of the famous American couple dropping in to try out the tasty menu.
Posing for a polaroid snap at the eatery, Kourtney looked stylish in a cream coat with black stitching as she pouted and flashed the peace sign for the camera.
The socialite shared several pictures of her visit to the restaurant, revealing an incredible spread of pancakes, pasta, burgers and chips
Travis cut a casual figure in a white T-shirt and black trousers as he posed with his arm lovingly wrapped around his wife's shoulders. 
The venue's owner Tony Gosden couldn't help but share his surprise that the mega-stars had stopped by for a visit in an accompanying caption.
He wrote: 'Never thought I'd see Travis Barker and Kourtney at Bonditonys! But I guess everyone needs a bit of BTs goodness hahahaha.'
Elsewhere on their visit down Bondi Beach, the couple also stopped to pose for photographs with eager fans as they dropped in on vegan café Funky Pies.
They appeared to be in good spirits as they posed with a fan, while Kourtney's son Reign also sweetly photobombed the snap during the family day out.
The couple have been spotted exploring Bondi and posing with fans (right) as they make the most of their stay in Sydney with Rocky, three months, and Kourtney's children Penelope, 11, and son Reign, eight 
Their Bondi visit came before Travis had to jet out to Perth to reunite with his blink-182 bandmates Tom DeLonge and Mark Hoppus ahead of their Australian tour.
He was spotted arriving at the airport on Wednesday for the five-hour flight to Perth.
American pop-punk band blink-182 have returned to Australia for the first time in seven years for their epic world tour, which will kick off in Perth on February 8.
The trip also marks Kourtney's first time in Australia since 2013, when she and sisters Khloe and Kim brought over the Kardashian Kollection, and her first big international trip with her son Rocky, who was born on November 1.
Blink-182 last toured Down Under in 2013, but Travis did not join the band due to his fear of flying, which stemmed from being a passenger in a fatal plane crash in 2008.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group