The sights at the Zeeco Oktoberfest Tulsa, which was voted the best Oktoberfest in the country this year in a nationwide poll conducted by the national newspaper USA Today, officials announced in 2024. 
Tulsa World Assistant Scene Editor 
Fall is here, and entertainment options abound. Check out a unique drone festival that is coming to Tulsa for the first time or celebrate Bavarian culture at Oktoberfest. The exhibit “War Club: Native Art & Activism” is opening at Philbrook Museum of Art, and Tulsa Pride changes over to a fall gathering instead of a sweltering summer event, in hopes of more hospitable weather.
Looking for something to do that’s a little more seasonal? Tulsa’s many haunted houses, pumpkin patches, corn mazes and other attractions can be found in a separate story.
For more entertainment options this weekend, check out our weekly Best Bets.
Oct. 3-6
The city of Grove has held this festival honoring the American White Pelican for the past 41 years. The event includes a carnival, food trucks, arts and crafts vendors, a car show organized by the Grove Masonic Lodge, the Pelican Festival Parade, live entertainment and more.
WHERE: Wolf Creek Park, 963 16th St., Grove
FOR MORE: pelicanfestok.com
Oct. 4-5
The Thunderbird Drone Festival began in Woodward three years ago, and now is coming to Tulsa. This one-of-a-kind drone film/photo festival and drone technology event features a film and photo awards show, film festival, drone light show, drone simulators and more.
WHERE: OSU-Tulsa Conference Center, 700 N. Greenwood Ave.
FOR MORE: thunderbirddronefestival.com
Oct. 4-6
American Theatre Company presents the Oklahoma premiere of Duane Kelly’s “Patrimony,” a drama about a young man determined to learn about his true father, and a mother struggling to keep that secret hidden.
The production stars Tomas Ferrell, Patricia Pineda, Noah Barnes and Charles Kevin Smith and is directed by Michelle Cullom.
Performances are at 8 p.m. Friday-Saturday, Oct. 4-5 and 2 p.m. Sunday, Oct. 6.
WHERE: Tulsa PAC, 110 E. Second St.
FOR MORE: tulsapac.com
Judah & The Lion
Oct. 4
Judah & The Lion brings The Process Tour to Tulsa Theater. The folk band is touring in support of its fifth studio album, “The Process,” which has been described as being about the five stages of grief.
WHERE: Tulsa Theater, 105 W. Reconciliation Way
FOR MORE: tulsatheater.com
Oct. 5
Utica Square’s Annual Art in the Square returns for its 28th year.
Utica Square’s Annual Art in the Square returns for its 28th year. This free event will take place from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. There will be 100 talented artists, live music and kids activities.
WHERE: 21st Street and Utica Avenue
FOR MORE: uticasquare.com
Oct. 5-June 29
“War Club: Native Art & Activism” is the culminating exhibition of Osage mother-son duo Anita and Yatika Fields’ project delving into Native artwork and ephemera from important historical and contemporary moments of resistance. In a series of panels that began in 2017, multi-generational Native artists, scholars and activists were gathered to discuss issues of social justice for Indigenous communities that are visible through their artwork and practice.
WHERE: Philbrook Museum of Art, 2727 Rockford Road
FOR MORE: philbrook.org
Oct. 10
Taking Back Sunday and The Used continue their North American tour with a stop at Tulsa Theater. The rock bands are touring in support of their newest albums, TBS’ “152” and The Used’s “Medz.”
WHERE: Tulsa Theater, 105 W. Reconciliation Way
FOR MORE: tulsatheater.com
Oct. 10
Emmy and Grammy award-winning comedian and actor Tiffany Haddish will perform at the Cove. Haddish has appeared on AppleTV’s murder mystery series “The Afterparty” and Disney’s “Haunted Mansion,” among others.
WHERE: River Spirit Casino Resort, 8330 Riverside Parkway
FOR MORE: riverspirittulsa.com
Cherokee Nation citizen Cheyenne Gagner, of Owasso, pictured in the 2023 performance of “Nanyehi – The Story of Nancy Ward,” will share the spotlight with Academy Award recipient Wes Studi in the upcoming production of the same play in October.
Oct. 11-12
The historical musical showcases the story of Nancy Ward, a legendary woman who was first honored in the 18th century as a Cherokee war woman, but then as a peacemaker during the American Revolution. The musical is written by award-winning songwriter Becky Hobbs and playwright Nick Sweet.
WHERE: Hard Rock Casino Tulsa, 777 W. Cherokee St., Catoosa
FOR MORE: hardrockcasinotulsa.com
Oct. 11
See Parliament-Funkadelic, a music collective of rotating musicians headed by George Clinton. Their eclectic style has drawn on psychedelia, outlandish fashion and surreal humor. They scored charting hits with singles such as “Tear the Roof Off the Sucker” and “Flash Light.”
WHERE: Skyline Event Center, 951 W. 36th St. North
FOR MORE: osagecasino.com
Oct. 11
Masked country music artist Orville Peck brings his Stampede Tour to Tulsa. Earlier this year, Peck released a duet cover of Ned Sublette’s “Cowboys Are Frequently, Secretly Fond of Each Other” with Willie Nelson as the lead single from “Stampede: Vol. 1.”
WHERE: Tulsa Theater, 105 W. Reconciliation Way
FOR MORE: tulsatheater.com
A man dressed as Captain America walks in last year’s Tulsa Pride festival and parade in downtown Tulsa.
Oct. 11-13
Tulsa has numerous events that celebrate LGBTQ+ this weekend. On Friday, Oct. 11, enjoy a relaxed evening at Guthrie Green with live entertainment, bracelet making, giant Jenga, giant pong and cornhole at Pride in the Park.
The Rainbow Run 1-mile Fun Run and 5K runs are Saturday morning, Oct. 12, and afterward, the Tulsa Pride Festival kicks off with two days of entertainment from national and local acts. Oklahoma’s cabaret queen Tracy La Louisianne will perform, and there will also be a meet and greet.
Also Saturday, Mother Road Market will offer brunch, live music, a rainbow juice bar set up for mimosas, as well as giveaways. MRM is also relaunching its Pride shirt for October, with a portion of shirt proceeds going to Oklahomans for Equality.
The 25th annual Pride parade starts at 4 p.m. Sunday, Oct. 13.
WHERE: Various locations
FOR MORE: tulsapride.org
The annual Okmulgee Pecan Festival, sponsored by the city’s chamber of commerce, returns this year Oct. 12.
Oct. 12
The annual Okmulgee Pecan Festival, sponsored by the city’s chamber of commerce, returns this year. There will be food, games, local vendors, a car and bike show, talent show, beard and mustache contest, baking contest and more.
WHERE: Claude Cox Omniplex, 2950 Warrior Road, Okmulgee
FOR MORE: okmulgeechamber.org
Oct. 12
The Harvest Spoon Chili Festival, put on by Okmulgee Main Street, returns for the ninth year. The chili festival will start at 11 a.m. Enjoy the marketplace, chili cookoff, live music, a hot pepper-eating contest, 5K fun run and pumpkin chunkin’.
WHERE: 100 E. Sixth St., Okmulgee
FOR MORE: okmulgeemainstreet.com
Oct. 12
Brett Mitchell returns to lead the Tulsa Symphony Orchestra for this entry in the Patti Johnson Wilson Classics Series. Go on a musical odyssey through a captivating lineup of masterpieces, including Brahms’ Selections from Hungarian Dances, Ravel’s Rapsodie espagnole and Bartók’s Concerto for Orchestra.
WHERE: Tulsa PAC, 101 E. Third St.
FOR MORE: tulsapac.com
The annual Cherokee Art Market features art by more than 150 nationally renowned artists Native artists.
Oct. 12-13
One of the largest Native American art shows in the state, the 19th annual Cherokee Art Market will have work by more than 150 nationally renowned artists, representing tribes from across the United States.
WHERE: Hard Rock Hotel & Casino Tulsa, 777 W. Cherokee St., Catoosa
FOR MORE: visitcherokeenation.com
Oct. 12-13
Enjoy shopping, entertainment and carnival activities at the 46th annual outdoor festival featuring vendor booths with everything from decor and soap to candles and clothing. All of the proceeds from this event go to support at-risk teens in the Teen Challenge of Oklahoma Adolescent Programs.
WHERE: 10900 S. Louisville Ave.
FOR MORE: brushcreekbazaar.com
Oct. 13
Community Pride features a local vendor market, chili cookout, zine distribution, workshops, all-ages activities, community resources, harm reduction information and supplies, self-defense demonstrations, open mic and drag show, closing out with a giant queer dance party.
WHERE: ART Emporium 66, 2615 W. 40th Place
FOR MORE: facebook.com/artemporium66
Oct. 13
Comedian, writer and political commentator Bill Maher will perform at Tulsa Theater.
WHERE: Tulsa Theater, 105 W. Reconciliation Way
FOR MORE: tulsatheater.com
The parade marshal for Native American Day was Academy Award nominee and Osage composer Scott George.
Oct. 14
The eighth annual Tulsa Native American Day’s theme this year is “Voices.” The Parade Marshal is Academy Award nominee and Osage composer Scott George, and the featured artist is Carly Treece. A parade starts at 11 a.m.
WHERE: Dream Keepers Park, 1875 S Boulder Ave.
FOR MORE: facebook.com/TulsaNativeAmericanDay
Oct. 15
Christian music band Unspoken will perform at the ORU Global Learning Center with support from Cade Thompson and JJ Weeks as part of its What He Says About You tour.
WHERE: Mabee Center, 7777 S. Lewis Ave.
FOR MORE: mabeecenter.com
Oct. 15
Magic City Books hosts eight-time James Beard Award-winning chef, head judge and executive producer of the Emmy-winning Bravo hit series “Top Chef” and bestselling author Tom Colicchio comes to Tulsa to promote his new book, “Why I Cook.”
WHERE: Food Bank of Eastern Oklahoma, 1304 N. Kenosha Ave.
FOR MORE: magiccitybooks.com
Oct. 15-20
Celebrity Attractions presents “MJ — The Musical.” Directed and choreographed by Christopher Wheeldon and written by two-time Pulitzer Prize winner Lynn Nottage, the musical delves into the creative mind and collaborative spirit of Michael Jackson, from his early days with the Jackson 5 to the massive success of “Thriller” and beyond.
WHERE: Tulsa PAC, 101 E. Third St.
FOR MORE: tulsapac.com
Members of das Glockenspeil from Cleveland, Ohio, throw items into the crowd at a performance during the pre-fest Corporate Night at Tulsa Oktoberfest on Oct. 18, 2023, at River West Festival Park.
Oct. 17-20
Enjoy authentic German food and beverages, carnival rides, live music straight from Germany and much more. Savor beer imported from Munich or enjoy a glass of wine while listening to the sounds of Bavarian-style entertainment. Other festivities include polka dancing and rows of booths filled with art and crafts.
WHERE: River West Festival Park, 2100 S. Jackson Ave.
FOR MORE: tulsaoktoberfest.org
Authentic German food is served at Tulsa’s Zeeco Oktoberfest.
Oct. 17
Multi-platinum vocal group 98 Degrees brings its tour to River Spirit Casino. The group has charted radio singles including “The Hardest Thing” and “I Do, Cherish You.” The band reportedly is working on new music with plans to release another studio album in 2024.
WHERE: River Spirit Casino Resort, 8330 Riverside Parkway
FOR MORE: riverspirittulsa.com
Oct. 18
Jelly Roll will perform at BOK Center as part of The Beautifully Broken Tour with support from Warren Zeiders and Alexandra Kay. Before the show, a free Rock the Block concert will be staged outside the arena with live music by Morgan Myles and Voth.
WHERE: BOK Center, 200 S. Denver Ave.
FOR MORE: bokcenter.com
Oct. 18
Grand Lake Festivals presents the second Old-Time Gathering & Music Festival.  On Friday, the festival will kick off at Snider's Camp with food, music and fun. The festival continues at 10 a.m. Saturday with music and festivities throughout the day in the Har-Ber Village event center. See demonstrations of heritage skills and talks on the history of this music and its resurgence. The festival will culminate Saturday evening with a Contra Dance organized by Glen Schmidt in the Event Center, with caller Susan Downs and the Silver Dollar String Band.
WHERE: Snider's Camp and Har-Ber Village
FOR MORE: grandlake.com/event--OldTime-Gathering-amp-Music-Festival/14173
Oct. 19
Explore downtown Tulsa with tales of old theaters, opera houses and movie palaces. Walk among the remains of art deco wonders and discover history through sites and pictures (in partnership with TulsaPast.) Stand where grand buildings once stood, now just “Architectural Ghosts,” captured in photos — the last memories of Tulsa’s architectural treasures.
WHERE: Check in at Tulsa Foundation for Architecture, 633 S. Boston Ave.
FOR MORE: tulsaarchitecture.org
Oct. 19
Find local art vendors, gallery shows, food trucks, live music, interactive art and kids activities.
WHERE: Whittier Square and the corner of Admiral and Lewis
FOR MORE: visitkendallwhittier.com
Oct. 19
The Tulsa City-County Library will present the Hummingbird Award in Literary Arts to Reyna Grande on Oct. 19. Grande will talk about her life and writings, as well as sign copies of her books. Grande is the author of the bestselling memoirs “The Distance Between Us” and “A Dream Called Home,” where she shares her experiences before and after arriving in the United States from Mexico as an undocumented child immigrant.
WHERE: Martin Regional Library, 2601 S. Garnett Road
FOR MORE: tulsalibrary.org
Oct. 19
Celebrate African and Caribbean culture at this all-day event. Indulge in delicious jollof and jerk, and vote for your favorite dish. The winners of a festive blind tasting of jollof rice and jerk chicken will each receive $500. The event is sponsored by Tough Foundation & Oklahoma Caribbean Vibes.
WHERE: 2224 E. Admiral Blvd.
FOR MORE: facebook.com/OklahomaJollofAndJerkFest
Oct. 23
Nu metal-pioneering band Korn is marking over 30 years with a stop at BOK Center as part of its 2024 tour. Supporting acts are Gojira and Spiritbox.
WHERE: BOK Center, 200 S. Denver Ave.
FOR MORE: bokcenter.com
Oct. 24
Country artist Travis Tritt, who broke out in the early 1990s alongside superstars such as Garth Brooks, Clint Black and Alan Jackson, will perform at the Cove at River Spirit Casino.
WHERE: River Spirit Casino Resort, 8330 Riverside Parkway
FOR MORE: riverspirittulsa.com
Oct. 24, 29
Tulsa Foundation for Architecture hosts these tours of historic buildings in the Tulsa Arts District, where participants will hear tales of the buildings’ ghostly inhabitants. A portion of the information for this tour is curated from the book “Tulsa’s Haunted Memories” by Teri French.
WHERE: Check in at En Fuego, 111 Reconciliation Way
FOR MORE: tulsaarchitecture.org
Oct. 25
Texas-based country-folk music sextet Flatland Cavalry will perform at Tulsa Theater. The band is on tour following the release of its third studio album, “Wandering Star.”
WHERE: Tulsa Theater, 105 W. Reconciliation Way
FOR MORE: tulsatheater.com
Oct. 31
Sloan Struble, known professionally as Dayglow, brings his indie pop project to Tulsa with special guest Teenage Dads. Dayglow is touring in support of his self-titled fourth record.
WHERE: Cain’s Ballroom, 423 N. Main St.
FOR MORE: cainsballroom.com
Ben Stevenson’s gothic ballet “Dracula” returns to Tulsa for the first time since 2018.
Oct. 31-Nov. 3
Ben Stevenson’s gothic ballet “Dracula” returns to Tulsa for the first time since 2018 with stunning theatrics, spooky vampire brides who soar through the air, an exploding chandelier and live accompaniment by Tulsa Symphony Orchestra. Created by Stevenson in 1997, Tulsa Ballet has performed this production three times to sold-out audiences.
WHERE: Tulsa PAC, 101 E. Third St.
FOR MORE: tulsaballet.org
The Tulsa World newsroom is committed to covering this community with curiosity, tenacity and depth. Our passion for telling the story of Tulsa remains unwavering. Because your story is our story. Thank you to our subscribers who support local journalism. Join them with limited-time offers at tulsaworld.com/story.
James D. Watts Jr. contributed to this report.
stacey.dickens@tulsaworld.com
Receive the latest in local entertainment news in your inbox weekly!
Tulsa World Assistant Scene Editor 
The sights at the Zeeco Oktoberfest Tulsa, which was voted the best Oktoberfest in the country this year in a nationwide poll conducted by the…
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.