US rapper Travis Scott has been arrested on suspicion of trespassing and disorderly intoxication.
The 33-year-old from Texas, real name Jacques Webster, was taken into custody and transported to the Miami Beach Police Department following an incident at the city’s marina in the early hours of Thursday morning.
A statement to the PA news agency from the Miami Beach Police Department said: “The Miami Beach Police Department confirms the arrest of Mr Jacques Webster, DOB 4/30/1991, on June 20, 2024, at approximately 1.44 a.m.
“Mr Webster was taken into custody following an incident at the Miami Beach Marina located at 300 Alton Road.”
Police documents show that officers responded to a disturbance on a yacht where they observed the rapper yelling at those on the vessel.
The complaint/arrest affidavit added that officers could “sense a strong smell of alcohol coming from the defendant’s breath” and he was told to leave the dock or he would be arrested.
He initially complied with officers warning him to leave the premises before he returned after five minutes and disregarded officers’ commands for him not to go back.
The document added that the defendant later admitted to drinking alcohol and stated: “It’s Miami.”
Bradford Cohen, a lawyer acting on behalf of the rapper, said in a statement given to PA: “Mr Scott was briefly detained due to a misunderstanding.
“There was absolutely no physical altercation involved, and we thank the authorities for working with us towards a swift and amicable resolution.”
On Thursday, following the incident, Scott posted on X and said: “6 days to circus Maximus tour. For the record I’m going. Ham.”
Scott will bring his Utopia – Circus Maximus Tour to Europe this month with dates in cities including London, Vienna and Lisbon.
Last year, a Texas grand jury decided not to indict the US star in a criminal investigation into a massive crowd surge that killed 10 people at his 2021 Astroworld music festival in Houston.
The rapper is known for hits including Highest In The Room and Sicko Mode.
He shares children Aire and Stormi with reality TV star and makeup mogul, Kylie Jenner.

                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.