The new UK date follows the rapper's first ever US solo tour dates
Offset has announced a London show as part of his forthcoming ‘Set It Off‘ world tour.
The former Migos member is set to play the O2 Forum Kentish Town in London on July 17 as part of his first-ever solo tour. Tickets are set to go on sale on Friday, March 1 at 10am local time. Visit here to purchase tickets.
Offset’s London show follows his 17-date North American leg of the ‘Set It Off’ tour which will commence in Philadelphia next month before hitting New York, Toronto, Detroit, Chicago, Houston and more. On April 10, the tour will end in Offset’s hometown of Atlanta, Georgia. Check out the dates below, and visit here for tickets.
A post shared by OFFSET (@offsetyrn)
MARCH
10 — Philadelphia, PA – The Fillmore Philadelphia
12 — Silver Spring, MD – The Fillmore Silver Spring
14 — New York, NY – Palladium Times Square
15 — Boston, MA – Citizens House of Blues Boston
17 — Toronto, ON – HISTORY
19 — Detroit, MI – The Fillmore Detroit
20 — Grand Rapids, MI – GLC Live at 20 Monroe
22 — Cincinnati, OH – Bogart’s
23 — Chicago, IL – Byline Bank Aragon Ballroom
27 — Denver, CO – Fillmore Auditorium
29 — Los Angeles, CA – Hollywood Palladium
30 — San Francisco, CA – The Masonic
APRIL
01 — Anaheim, CA – House of Blues Anaheim
03 — Phoenix, AZ – The Van Buren
05 — Dallas, TX – South Side Ballroom
07 — Houston, TX – Bayou Music Center
10 — Atlanta, GA – Coca-Cola Roxy
JULY
12 – London, UK – O2 Forum Kentish Town
The tour is in support of the rapper’s latest release, ‘Set It Off’. The Migos rapper released his highly-anticipated second album last year, featuring verses from his estranged wife Cardi B, as well as Travis Scott, Future, Latto and more.
In a three-star review of the LP, NME shared: “[The album] doesn’t reflect Offset’s legacy. In the Metro Boomin-produced 2017 single ‘Ric Flair Drip’, Offset alludes that he’s in the same league as the 16-time wrestling champion – perhaps he’s more like Jeff Hardy; a beloved solo figure, but at his best with his brothers.”
In other news, it was reported earlier this year that Offset and Cardi B had reportedly fallen victim to the rising trend of ‘swatting’ hoaxes.
On January 8, TMZ obtained body cam footage of an August 2023 incident, where a dispatched SWAT team went to investigate an alleged shooting at the rapper couple’s Sandy Springs, Georgia home. The police were greeted by Offset’s uncle, Derrick Cephus, on the driveway, who called his nephew and told him, “Someone said Cardi got shot.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.