Want to know more about DJ Pup Dawg? Get his official bio, social pages &amp; articles on JAM'N 94.5!Full Bio
As a talented act or major brand rises to fame, everyone knows them for their work, but many forget about the people behind the scenes making it happen. Whether it’s a manager, a publicist, an agent, or perhaps a whole team, there is a lot more that goes into breaking an artist than just the creation of the music. Budgets need to be made, marketing plans need to be drawn up, and many different aspects of the music industry need to be aligned at once to achieve success.
Now more than ever, it’s almost impossible for an upcoming artist or brand to break through the noise. Streaming giant Spotify reports that over 100,000 new songs are uploaded to their platform each day, far surpassing what most people would believe. With such a staggering number, the odds are not in your favor.
In an oversaturated market, the marketing aspect of the entertainment and music industries has never been more vital. Content is consumed in more volume and at a much more rapid pace than ever before, making every campaign to push a brand, product, or musician count. That’s why it’s important to have the right team pulling the strings.
Enter Christian Anderson and Bryce Vander Sanden, two friends who became business partners while rooming together at the University of Wisconsin - La Crosse. The duo are the co-founders of Lost Boy Entertainment LLC, a PR and marketing conglomerate credited for working with major brands and celebrities, including Fortune 500 companies like Target, Google, Sony Music, and acts like Snoop Dogg, Travis Scott, Cardi B, and more. The firm’s impressive list of clientele has been developed over the past 5+ years and ranges from local brick-and-mortar stores to digital powerhouses and famous individuals.
Anderson and Vander Sanden have taken a unique approach to the PR industry by changing the status quo within it. “We actually offer guaranteed results with everything we do. The entertainment and PR industry is full of people who don’t do what they say they will,” explained Anderson. The company's holistic approach and mission to be a reliable partner stems from Anderson’s negative experiences while trying to make it as a music artist under the stage name “Trust’N.” “Early on, when I was trying to make it as an artist, I was let down so many times by false promises, so I decided to just do things myself. That’s really how this company started,” said Anderson.
What started as a dorm room hustle has grown into a multi-million dollar company and a staple for powerhouses, local businesses, and emerging talents spanning many industries. Lost Boy Entertainment recently announced its partnership with Sony Music, among other giants in the music industry, earlier this year. “I think what makes us unique is we can help an artist roll out their album, but we can also help a tech firm or a jewelry store get traction in major media outlets. We aren’t really your normal PR or marketing firm,” added co-founder Vander Sanden.
While things have been good for Lost Boy Entertainment, its founders have their eyes set on expansion. “We want to grow this business. We are a provider for so many already, but we want to continue to bring in new business. I mean, we hadn’t even run an ad until earlier this year. I think we have a lot of room to grow,” explained Anderson. As the company grows, its main focus is to stick to its mission. “No matter how big we get, we want to continue to do right by each and every person we come across,” emphasized Vander Sanden.
With over 10,000 clients serviced in just five years, it will be exciting to see where the company goes in the future. Anderson and Vander Sanden’s story is a testament to the hard work that so many people do behind the scenes in the entertainment industry that usually goes unnoticed. But as the company continues to grow, its work will only be more recognized.