Taylor Swift's security team gave photographers a stern warning as she arrived to watch Travis Kelce play with the Kansas City Chiefs today.
Footage shared on social media shows the 34-year-old singer-songwriter arriving at Arrowhead Stadium in Missouri to support her boyfriend's team. For the occasion, she wore the team's signature red as part of her outfit - with a black corset paired with a coordinated red jacket and skirt. She completed her look with a pair of black boots.
And as Taylor was walking into the venue, photographers were ready to snap photos of the popstar. However, she briefly paused midway through her walk to the stadium as security guards screamed at photographers who were sitting on the ground to take photos of her.
A video shared on X shows multiple security guards walking ahead of the singer and shouting "stand up, stand up" to the photographers. While it is common for photographers in the front row to kneel down to take photos, to avoid blocking the view of those behind them, it seems that Taylor's security urged them to stand up on this occasion to protect the singer and not allow them to take any photos under her skirt.
But as Taylor was walking past the photographers, one of them knelt down again, prompting a security guard to get close to him and once again scream in his face to stand up, almost blocking his camera's view. Sharing the video, a fan of the singer wrote on X: "Kudos to Drew & the rest of Tay's security team for telling those photographers to stand up so they can't take photos under her skirt. Nope, not on their watch."
Fans were glad to see Taylor's security team jumping in to protect her as one said: "Oww I love her security so much." Another tweeted: "The security is trying to get photographers up because she is wearing a skirt." One more said: "Security's got the memo Taylor's here, and it’s time to stand up for the queen of style!"
Taylor was joined by her parents Andrea Swift and Scott Swift at the stadium in Kansas City for Travis' game against the Denver Broncos. Travis had already arrived at the venue in the city, wearing a red jacket, white t-shirt and jeans.
The singer's appearance at the game comes ahead of the MTV Europe Music Awards (MTV EMAs) in the UK. The awards ceremony - hosted by Rita Ora - is being held at the Co-op Live in Manchester this year. Taylor is the most nominated act this year, with seven nominations. There was some speculation that Taylor would be in attendance and could announce Reputation (Taylor's Version).
Her attendance at Travis' latest game however suggests she won't be at the MTV EMAs, which is taking place the evening of the game. One fan tweeted: "So Taylor's not going to the EMAs??????? Wow." Another teased: "Taylor why are you at the chiefs game [you're] supposed to be announcing rep tv at the EMAs in a couple hours." A third wrote: "Wait if Taylor's at the game is she not going to the EMAs?" Someone said: "Not me on the way to the EMAs with all my Taylor merch and she's in the US."
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok , Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.