UPDATE: 
Public sales for tickets to Don Toliver’s Oct. 24 concert have been postponed to 10 a.m. July 22 due to a "continued global IT outage" according to Jennifer Wilson, senior director of public relations for the Walton Arts Center & Walmart AMP.
Monica Hooper is an award-winning features writer specializing in entertainment news for Northwest Arkansas and the River Valley. Since 2022, she has interviewed a diverse range of luminaries, including Fran Lebowitz, Herb Alpert, Carlos Santana, Ricky Skaggs, John Waters and Kristin Chenoweth. While she enjoys spotlighting these renowned figures, Monica's true passion lies in celebrating the vibrant local arts scene. She delights in uncovering and showcasing the unique talents of the musicians, artists, dancers, writers and actors who enrich her community.
Monica Hooper is an award-winning features writer specializing in entertainment news for Northwest Arkansas and the River Valley. Since 2022, she has interviewed a diverse range of luminaries, including Fran Lebowitz, Herb Alpert, Carlos Santana, Ricky Skaggs, John Waters and Kristin Chenoweth. While she enjoys spotlighting these renowned figures, Monica's true passion lies in celebrating the vibrant local arts scene. She delights in uncovering and showcasing the unique talents of the musicians, artists, dancers, writers and actors who enrich her community.
Copyright © 2025, Northwest Arkansas Newspapers LLC. (NWA Media)
All rights reserved.
This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Northwest Arkansas Newspapers LLC
Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2025, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved.