"Shout-out to Tay!" the tight end said of his superstar girlfriend.

													By
												

	Hannah Dailey


Taylor Swift may not actually be on the Kansas City Chiefs, but as far as Travis Kelce is concerned, she’s the MVP. 

	On the latest episode of their joint podcast New Heights, Travis and his older brother, Philadelphia Eagles center Jason Kelce, reflected on the Chiefs’ Sunday (Jan. 28) AFC Championship win against the Baltimore Ravens. Swift was in the crowd along with the tight end’s family at M&T Bank Stadium in Maryland from start to finish, and afterward joined the younger Kelce on the field to celebrate his team being Super Bowl-bound for the second year in a row. 

	“Shout-out to the newest members of the Chiefs Kingdom,” Jason joked on the Wednesday (Jan. 31) podcast. “Taylor Swift, who has officially reached the Super Bowl in her rookie year.” 

	










	“Shout-out to Tay!” Travis added. “Thanks for joining the team!” 




			Trending on Billboard		






	The pop star’s fans are still reeling after Sunday’s emotional post-game celebrations, from the moment Swift kissed Travis on live TV to the way No. 87 audibly told her “I love you” on the field. At one point, the “Anti-Hero” singer also shared a moment with Chiefs coach Andy Reid, who singled her out in the crowd while he was onstage accepting the AFC trophy with Travis and quarterback Patrick Mahomes. 

	“It was a cool moment to see afterwards,” Travis said, showing a photo of Reid and Swift affectionately pointing at each other. “I didn’t get to see it because I was up on stage screaming ‘Fight for your right,’ but yeah, that was a cool one.” 

	The brothers have previously spoken about how Reid has been a friend of Swift’s family since before the musician and her parents moved to Nashville from the Philadelphia area, where Big Red once worked for the Eagles.  

	“That was the last thing Trav wanted to hear, that I knew her before him,” Reid boasted on Let’s Go With Tom Brady, Larry Fitzgerald and Jim Gray earlier this week. “She told him, ‘I know your coach. And he went, ‘Oh, God, come on!’” 

	“Obviously we’ve already talked about how they kinda know each other from the Philly days,” Travis rehashed on his podcast, before giving a shout-out to the 12-time Grammy winner’s dad. “Scott Swift, shout-out to big Scott. Him and Andy are good friends.”  

	Watch the episode of New Heights above. 

	









Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.