The collaboration is a standout from Boogie's 'REDRUM Wizard' project with DJ Drama. 

							By 

	Regina Cho

Associate News Editor

	The 2024 BET Hip Hop Awards celebrated this year’s biggest and most entertaining musicians in the beloved genre with a special night at Drai’s Las Vegas on Oct. 8. Big Boogie commemorated a successful year with an electric performance on the main stage and tapped his fellow Memphis representative GloRilla for the assist.

	Returning host Fat Joe made sure to prep the crowd for the CMG signee, providing a bit of insight about how the hours leading up to the event went. “Our next artist is a fan-favorite for two reasons: his music and his energy. He had the camera crew turnt up during rehearsals, and now it’s time to see him go crazy,” Joe exclaimed. 

	










	True to Fat Joe’s word, Big Boogie stormed onto the stage with high energy. He rocked an all-leather look for the night, donning a black vest with patches and studs, matching pants, sunglasses, and his signature chain. The crowd mirrored his enthusiasm as he blasted off into his raunchy and catchy verse. 
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					GloRilla Announces Inaugural 'Glo Bash' Memphis Concert		
			







	“P**sy taste like cheesecake (Ooh), my favoritе dessert/ P**sy talks in bеd, knockin’ and cryin’ like she hurt (Hurt)/ She support her man (Yeah), her good, she sleepin’ in my merch (My baby)/ Body smells like coco butter (Ooh, ooh), rawest b**ch on earth,” Big Boogie rapped as his dancers kept the vibe going behind him.

	Then, the camera switched over to find Glo in the middle of the crowd, ready for her cue. The “FNF” star oozed confidence in her cut-out black top, knee-high combat boots, and multiple silver chains wrapped around her waist. She chanted her part of the club-ready record: “Shake that a** like you ain’t got sh*t to lose/ F**kin’ on my new h*e like I got a point to prove (Hey)/ He shot the club up, that boy got that p**sy bulletproof.”

	“BOP” is a standout from Boogie’s February 2024 project, REDRUM Wizard with DJ Drama. The Gangsta Grillz installment housed guest appearances from Yo Gotti, Lola Brooke, and Bankroll Jizzle. Since that body of work, Boogie followed up with singles like “CHOPPA, COCK IT, POP IT” and “POOL PARTY” with 42 Dugg and YTB Fatt.

	The 2024 BET Hip Hop Awards aim to pay homage with performances from veterans like Trina, E-40, Soulja Boy, and Juicy J, while representing the next generation of stars like 310babii and Bossman DLow. Other highlights from the night include Travis Scott receiving the “I Am Hip Hop Award” and a special tribute for the late Rich Homie Quan. 











	Check out Big Boogie and GloRilla’s performance of “BOP” above. 
A post shared by The Only Big Dude (@big_boogie_music)
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.