Courtesy Provo CityThis undated photo shows Scott Bunker, who recently was appointed director of Provo City Power.
Courtesy Provo City
Provo City Power has a new leader at the helm, and city leaders didn’t have to look far to fill the role.
Following search and recruitment efforts, Scott Bunker, previously the assistant director of the utility department, has been selected to serve as the new director of public power, a press release states.
Bunker was sworn in during Tuesday’s Provo City Council meeting. He replaces Travis Ball, who recently stepped down for a role with the Utah Municipal Power Association.
Provo Mayor Michelle Kaufusi took to social media shortly after the swearing-in ceremony to share the news. “Congratulations, Scott, on such a well-deserved appointment,” she said Tuesday on Facebook. “We look forward to continued success and innovation under your leadership.”
Bunker has served in a variety of roles with Provo City Power for more than three decades, beginning his career as a utility forester and later moving to city forester. Bunker has been the assistant energy director since 2013.
Serving on several boards and commissions, including for the Intermountain Power Superintendents Association, Bunker has been instrumental in shaping regional energy policies and practices, the release said.
“With decades of dedicated service to Provo City, Scott Bunker has not only the required expertise but also a demonstrated knowledge of and a love for our community,” Provo City Chief Administrative Officer Scott Henderson said in the release. “His leadership will be invaluable as we continue to innovate and improve our services.”
Bunker said he’s proud to continue on the legacy of excellence and innovation in the city’s public power department. “Provo Power has been Utah’s largest publicly owned utility since 1940, and I’ve taken great pride in being part of the growth of what is now a nationally recognized leader in public power,” he expressed in the release. “Our achievements are a testament to the hard work and dedication of our team, and I am honored to lead Provo City Power into its next chapter.”
Kaufusi said it’s a big job, and she’s confident that Bunker is the right person for the tasks at hand. “His vision aligns perfectly with our goals for sustainable growth and community-focused energy solutions,” Kaufusi said in the press release.
Bunker was raised in Colorado. After high school, he moved to Utah County where he earned his Bachelor of Science degree from Brigham Young University before completing his master’s degree in public administration from BYU’s Marriott School of Management. His academic background arms him with a strong foundation in management principles and public administration, which he has effectively applied throughout his career, according to the press release.
City officials said Bunker’s appointment is expected to bring a renewed focus on innovation, sustainability and community engagement while meeting the evolving needs of Provo City Power customers and maintaining the highest standards of service.
Copyright © 2025 Ogden Newspapers of Utah, LLC  | www.heraldextra.com | 1200 Towne Centre Blvd. STE 1058, Provo, UT 84601