It's almost time to find out if Taylor Swift will actually cross the international date line from her concert in Tokyo to watch her boyfriend Travis Kelce play in Super Bowl 2024 in Las Vegas. 
And if she does make it, we'll find who she'll take with her. Throughout this football season, she's cheered the Chiefs on with everyone from Antoni Porowski from Queer Eye to fellow pop star Sabrina Carpenter. Before all is revealed during the Big Game on Sunday, here are our best guesses for who her guests will be ranked by their likeliness of attending. (Fellow WAGs don't count.) 
Keleigh is everywhere with Swift these days — even at the Golden Globes — and she's the only friend of Swift's who has attended multiple Chiefs games with her, so we reckon she's the most likely date. As a bonus, she always gives fans the behind-the-scenes content they're dying for. 
Since it's the Super Bowl, there's a chance her husband actor Miles Teller might come along (even though he's a diehard Philadelphia Eagles fan). 
While Lively and Reynolds have only attended one game with Swift, they are a famously fun-loving couple — and Lively is a longtime staple of Swift's girls' dinners out in NYC. 
Turner attended the same game as Lively and Reynolds — the Kansas City Chiefs versus the New York Jets at MetLife Stadium in New Jersey — where Swift brought a plus-six! Sure, the game was local and more of a party than the others, but Turner is also a staple at Swift's girls' nights out, so she could be a likely guest. 
While Swift has yet to bring her mother Andrea or father Scott to the box at a Kansas City Chiefs game, the novelty of the Super Bowl might be something she wants to share with the parents, especially her mom, who inspired her song "The Best Day."
Delevingne is a long-time member of Swift's girl squad and joined her at the AFC Championship game where it was determined that the Chiefs would go to the Super Bowl, so maybe the English model and actress is invested. 
One of the three Haim sisters, Alana, went to the Kansas City Chiefs versus New England Patriots game at Gillette Stadium in Pennsylvania, proving she's willing to travel for the love of the ol' pigskin. But is she willing to go all the way to Vegas? And will she make it a family affair? 
Hadid has yet to go to a football game with Swift, but the pop star did wear a red sweater from Hadid's brand at the AFC Championship game. Perhaps she wore it to lure Hadid to Vegas?

Topics
Super Bowl
Taylor Swift

Elena is a tech reporter and the resident Gen Z expert at Mashable. She covers TikTok and digital trends. She recently graduated from UC Berkeley with a BA in American History. Email her at [email protected] or follow her @ecaviar_.