e-Edition
Get the latest news delivered daily!
Get the latest news delivered daily!
e-Edition

			Trending:		
LOS ANGELES — Lindsay Gottlieb pauses on the microphone for a moment in mid-February, a crowd at USC’s senior night hanging on her every word, fighting against the emotions that threaten every word she speaks. She pauses between inflections, collecting herself. Trying to convey, in the span of precious few words, the special nature of one India Otto.
She turns, first, to the words of Andy Warhol, her voice shivering as she recites a quote into the microphone.
They say that time changes things. But actually, you have to change them yourself. 
Otto, a fifth-year senior, has played 26 total games at USC. 66 college minutes. She takes the floor only in blowouts, and has scored a total of 23 collegiate points. Yet her teammates’ eyes light up at any mention of her, and Gottlieb will take any opportunity possible to mention her. Otto is the oldest guard at USC, here even before the Gottlieb era, the most senior member of a program that’s been completely reformed from the freshman-year days she saw no one in the stands.
This world is different here, now. Gottlieb planned this senior night on USC’s home floor, knowing not just parents but an entire Los Angeles community would want to be present; fans pack the lower basin, staying long after a loss to Utah. And Otto, Gottlieb professes to the crowd, is as much a reason for that as any other. She’d shown up with her best every day for five years, day in day out, in recruiting dinners and practices behind the scenes, a roommate and mentor for freshman JuJu Watkins and voted a captain by teammates.
There was a reason her tribute was last and wholly not least, this senior night.
“You all don’t see Otto on the court a lot,” Gottlieb says, before a moment of raucous applause. “You don’t see her in the stat sheet. But there are very, very select few people, maybe no one, who is more responsible for the changes here than India Otto.”
And then they saw her on the court Saturday afternoon, in an explosion of love Otto will never forget.
As USC’s starting lineup was announced over the PA at Galen Saturday afternoon, before USC tipped off its NCAA Tournament first-round matchup against Texas A&M-Corpus Christi, a crowd of Los Angeles blue-collars and families and celebrities alike roared in anticipation.
And Gottlieb, standing on the hardwood, smiled to herself, an apparent appreciation of the moment USC had created.
“Once that ball goes up,” Gottlieb said postgame Saturday, “I’m enamored by the crowd.”
They were enamored right back, as USC pummeled Corpus-Christi from the tip, extending a huge lead to 30 points by the fourth quarter in the type of blowout they hadn’t experienced since December. And anticipation began to build as Gottlieb signaled to the bench with a few minutes left, erupting in kind as Otto trotted out to the scorer’s table.
Screams of all decibels accompanied her trot to the hardwood, USC’s DJ Mal-Ski queuing up the first mosh-pit inducing notes of Travis Scott’s “FEIN.” On USC’s next offensive possession, Gottlieb gestured wildly for players to set up a double-screen as Otto ran to the block, coming off a pick and catching for a wide-open look as a swell built.
She hesitated, though, fumbling with the dribble for a moment, kicking it out before receiving a pass back with just a few ticks left on the shot clock.
And then she drove, dropping in a layup off glass — the first two-point make of her USC career. Back down the floor in transition, fellow reserve guard Roxane Makolo flipped a pass to Otto on the wing, lingering wide-open beyond the arc. And she launched, no hesitation this time.
Her shot dropped through the back of the rim in a clank-swish, and Galen went berserk, never louder on this Saturday afternoon.
“I literally got goosebumps,” Otto said, postgame.
Her teammates, clutching each other on the bench with bated breath, leapt and leapt again as if they didn’t want to touch the ground. Senior Kayla Padilla’s eyes bulged out of their socks, her mouth a gaping O. Watkins ran down the baseline in glee to nowhere, then turned back in a jump-for-joy huddle with McKenzie Forbes and Marshall. The ESPN broadcast showed Vanessa Bryant, widow of Kobe Bryant — who Otto described in a video on YouTube channel GameChangeNation as a longtime mentor and friend — smiling in attendance at Galen.
Otto simply threw up a three with her hands, smiling slightly on her way back down the floor.
“I mean, that’s a core memory made for me, for sure,” she said postgame. “I felt like, just a culmination of everything that I’ve put into the program the last five years. And it was really, really special.”
There is a decent chance Otto never sees the floor again, in a USC uniform, as the Trojans continue their push into the tournament with eighth-seeded Kansas on Monday. But she left a legacy, in those simple five points on Saturday, much bigger than five points. This crowd, this love for her, was inspired in large part by her, as Gottlieb will attest.
“She has spoken life into this revival,” Gottlieb said, back at that late-February senior night.
And in many ways, this version of Galen — this triumphant, jubilant celebration of women’s basketball — will stand as the House that Otto Built.
When: Monday, 7:00 p.m.
Where: Galen Center
TV/radio: ESPN/790 AM
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group