By ZAK WHEELER FOR DAILY MAIL AUSTRALIA 
 Published:  01:24, 19 October 2024   |  Updated:  01:28, 19 October 2024   
 15
View  comments
Horrifying footage has captured the moment a reveller was hurled to the floor and knocked out cold in the mosh pit of a packed concert. 
The clip was filmed by an onlooker at US rapper Travis Scott's Circus Maximus tour in Sydney's Allianz Stadium on Thursday October 17. 
In the video Scott had already taken the stage by the time a group of men standing towards the back of the general admissions area appeared to be getting agitated.
A shirtless man placed another concertgoer into a chokehold before violently tossing him to the ground.
'Knock him out,' one person shouted. 
'Whoa, World Star,' a second said in reference to a news site famous for its fight videos.
The victim lay motionless while other concerned attendees rushed to his aid. 
NSW Police and NSW Ambulance told Daily Mail Australia that neither department was made aware of any incident during Thursday's show. 
The incident took place towards the back of the general admissions and mosh pit area and was filmed by a bystander 
Social media users slammed the fact that rap concerts do not seem to be safe anymore. 
'This is the downside of all this pit macho-ism,' one person wrote.
'The worst part of going to rap shows nowadays. I hope dude is alright,' another added.
'People for real don't know how to act this why we cant have nice things,' a third wrote.
One person who was at the same concert as the alleged incident said they were also in the mosh pit and that things had gotten scary at times. 
'I was at the barricade and people were acting absolutely insane I was actually scared at some points like I'm a pretty small person and I was getting SUFFOCATED. This is so sad and scary,' they wrote. 
Others who attended Scott's second Sydney concert on Friday night echoed the experience. 
'I was barricade too and [was] just trying my best to not crush the two really short girls next to me. It was insane at the front,' one person said.
'I was at night two and I think one of the dudes who was a self imposed mosh pit creator had his front teeth knocked out,' a second wrote.
'These things are so dangerous. I really feel for the girls who were in there.' 
Scott was in Sydney for two nights promoting his latest album and will tour around the east coast next week. 
Scott's concerts have gained a notorious reputation since nine people died from crowd crush at his Astroworld Festival in November 2021 
He still has two concerts scheduled in Melbourne on Tuesday and Wednesday which will be followed by a final show in Brisbane on Saturday. 
Scott's concerts have gained a notorious reputation for their rowdy crowds ever since a fatal incident killed several attendees in Houston, Texas, in 2021.
The Astroworld Festival killed nine concert-goers in Houston, Texas, on November 5, 2021.  
The county's medical examiner said the deaths were caused by compressive asphyxiation meaning the people had suffocated in the crowd crush of the mosh pit. 
Scott was cleared of any wrongdoing and the deaths were declared to have been an accident. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group