Taylor Swift’s Eras Tour bassist Amos Heller reflected on the end of the record-breaking concert series in a sentimental social media post. 
Taylor Swift’s bassist had the time of his life fighting dragons with her.
Days after the Eras Tour officially wrapped in Vancouver, Canada Dec. 8, Amos Heller, a member of her band since the earliest years of Taylor’s career, shared a heartfelt note to her. 
“You command so much respect and admiration from everyone who’s fortunate enough to add their effort to yours,” Amos wrote in a Dec. 10 Instagram post. “Your blend of focus, heart, stamina and joy calls forth the best of everyone around you. Thank you for trusting me with my part of your vision. It was the ride of a lifetime. I love you. Long Live.”
And while Amos had been a member of Taylor’s band, known as The Agency, since at least 2007, he went on to emphasize just how memorable her latest act would be for him. 
“We watched it go from ‘What If’ to ‘How Will It Be’ to ‘Here We Are’ to ‘Almost Done’ to ‘Done,’” he reflected. “The record books are closed with fresh ink on a lot of pages. I’ve emerged changed. As a player, performer, person, partner.”
The 47-year-old described what it felt like to complete the final show, adding, “We lived a lifetime—if you think it felt like graduation, it did.”
In addition to showing off his time performing alongside Taylor on her biggest stage yet in photos and videos, Amos also shared a glimpse of what life was like on the road in his caption. 
“No more early lobby calls,” he wrote. “No more airports. No more lugging a suitcase and Mono bag up an escalator, through a line, out of baggage claim. No more warming up, no more cooling down. No more looking at my watch 20 times to make sure I don’t miss a call. No more saying goodbye to my family, no more ‘how many sleeps now?’ No more jet lag.”
Amos also reflected on what went through his mind while on stage, describing walking onto the enormous catwalk “feeling like a gladiator.”
“No more staring in awe at my family/friends who just moments ago were sharing a ridiculous joke,” he continued, “suddenly transformed into iconic titans, towering and thriving in the blinding lights. No more being called upon to dig the deepest I can, requiring the very best I am capable of.”
For Taylor’s part, she has yet to reflect on the enormous moment in her career since its close, but she did take a beat to express gratitude to the crowd during her final show. 
“I want to thank every single one of you for being a part of the most thrilling chapter of my entire life to date,” she said, per a video shared to X. “My beloved Eras Tour.”
The performers weren’t the only ones touched by the historic shows. Keep reading for every star who will make sure this tour will be remembered. 
The comedian and wife Elle Key turned the Eras Tour into a date night in Toronto, Canada. He tweeted in November 2024, "And the night is just getting started! So excited to be at my first @taylorswift13 concert."
Billy Joel
"Our family attended the Taylor Swift concert at Hard Rock Stadium in Miami where Billy Joel/Elton John’s ‘Face to Face’ concert previously held the seating record," he wrote on Instagram. "Taylor’s second concert at Hard Rock Miami set a new record and ushered in a new era at Hard Rock Stadium. We were so happy to be a part of this record-breaking concert!  Plus, we got to celebrate with her mama. Celebrating someone’s success does not negate your own.  She is showing our girls all that is possible. Onward and upward."
Ashley Tisdale
"My little swiftie," the High School Musical alum wrote on October 2024. "Safe to say Jupiter loved her first concert."
Travis Kelce, Prince William, Princess Charlotte & Prince George
Taylor made her relationship with Travis Instagram official June 21, 2024, with the help of the royal family as they all joined her backstage at her concert in Wembley Stadium in London.
Prince William, Princess Charlotte & Prince George
Taylor also took another selfie with the royal family at her Wembley show.
Nicola Coughlan, Cara Delevingne & Jonathan Van Ness
The trio united in the VIP tent in London on June 21, 2024. 
Leslie Mann & Jonathan Van Ness
The Knocked Up actress also hung out with the Queer Eye alum at the Wembley concert.
Travis Kelce & Jonathan Van Ness
The NFL star was a true London Boy at Wembley Stadium with the Queer Eye star.
Jonathan Van Ness & Nicola Coughlan
Dearest reader, how adorable is this friendship?
Gayle King & Channing Tatum
The two bumped into each other at one of the singer's shows at SoFi Stadium in Inglewood, Calif. in August 2023.
Channing Tatum
The Step Up star showcased his dance moves.
Christina Milian
The "Dip It Low" singer and her teen daughter Violet were in a lavender haze at Taylor's Paris show in May 2024.
Jessica Capshaw
The Grey's Anatomy actress attended the Eras Tour in France in May 2024, captioning this pic with the Midnights lyric, "Cause we were in Paris."
Travis Kelce & Rita Ora
"It’s fair to say Sydney always delivers," Rita Ora captioned Instagram photos from Taylor's Feb. 23 show, including a snap with Travis Kelce. "Or shall we say our TayTay @taylorswift always delivers!”
Taika Waititi, Taylor Swift & Rita Ora
Taylor's dad Scott Swift delivered an epic photobomb.
Katy Perry
"Got to see an old friend shine tonight," Katy Perry captioned footage on Instagram from the Feb. 23 concert.
Tom DeLonge & Rebel Wilson
The Blink-182 rocker—whose band was playing near Taylor's Sydney venue on the same day—and the Pitch Perfect alum hung out in the VIP tent.
The Oscar winner captioned the moment with friends in Mexico City, "Spamming u w really good @taylorswift Eras Tour content."
The Pretty Little Liars star attended with friends Morgan Pesante, Katie Greenthal and Claire Leahy. "Omg??? @taylorswift putting on a show that was so good I can't even process," she wrote. "Nostalgic, empowering, and sparkly."
The "Bad at Love" singer got in the spirit by making friendship bracelets to trade with fans during the last Los Angeles show.
Mariska Hargitay & Savannah Guthrie
"Still in the afterglow of the most magical night," the Law & Order: Special Victims Unit star wrote on Instagram Aug. 9 after a bejeweled night out in L.A. "Deepest gratitude to @taylorswift for your poetry and wisdom. You inspire us and connect us to our #delicate tenderness, joy, hope and strength—and most of all, our wish to live and love courageously."
Sharing pics from an L.A. show, Chris Olsen quoted the T.Swift lyrics in his caption, "I DON'T KNOW HOW IT GETS BETTER THAN THIS."
"Eras tour (Dylan's version)," the influencer captioned fits of her rocking a Stella McCartney outfit. "@taylorswift you are a goddess best night ever."
Spencer Pratt & Heidi Montag
The Hills stars filled a blank space in their calendar with a date night in Los Angeles at the Eras Tour. Heidi Montag captioned their pics, "This was the concert of a lifetime! Legendary! Thank you for the tickets @taylorswift."
Jessica Alba & Cash Warren
"@taylorswift with the fam," Jessica Alba wrote, "what a show!" She and husband Cash Warren celebrated their love story by taking their kids Honor, Haven and Hayes.
The Mad Max star danced to "Shake It off" with her kids August and Jackson. "Thank you for the best birthday ever @taylorswift!!!" she wrote. "We had such a great f--king time."
Paula Abdul & Vince Vaughn
"What a SHOW," Paula Abdul wrote while posting for a photo with Vince Vaughn and Taylor's parents Scott and Andrea Swift in Los Angeles.
James Kennedy, Paula Abdul, Scheana Shay & Ally Lewber
The Vanderpump Rules stars made their wildest dreams come true on the floor with Paula.
The "No One singer" attended the Aug. 5 show at SoFi Stadium in Los Angeles with her 8-year-old son Genesis.
The actress attended one of Swift's shows at SoFi Stadium in Los Angeles with Anastasia Beverly Hills cosmetics founder Anastasia Soare and her daughter, Claudia.
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.