He’ll never go out of Style.
Taylor Swift’s dad Scott Swift was decked out in Kansas City Chiefs gear as he watched his daughter’s boyfriend Travis Kelce win his third Super Bowl.
Scott, who has known Chiefs head coach Andy Reid for years, was spotted rocking the team’s official merch head-to-toe as he watched the nail-biting game from the star-studded VIP suite.
And there was a lot to celebrate as the Chiefs snatched the win over the San Francisco 49ers 25 to 22 in overtime at Allegiant Stadium in Las Vegas on Sunday.
Eagle-eyed fans spotted Scott at the game wearing a Chiefs T-shirt underneath a windbreaker that featured the team’s signature red on the collar and sleeves.
He topped off his sporty look with a Chiefs baseball cap in an image shared by a fan on social media.
Elsewhere, Scott was seen mingling with Travis’ sister-in-law Kylie, who attended the game with her husband — and Travis’ brother — Jason.
Scott’s ex-wife and Taylor’s mom, Andrea Swift, was also seen cheering on the Chiefs at the sporting event.
It’s not the first time the 14-time Grammy winner’s parents have traveled to cheer on Travis.
The duo have attended a handful of games throughout the 2023-2024 NFL season and even spent Christmas Day watching the Chiefs take on the Las Vegas Raiders.
Taylor’s brother Austin Swift also attended the festive match-up.
The VIP suite saw some famous faces at Sunday’s game, including Taylor’s pals Ice Spice, Blake Lively, Keleigh Sperry, Miles Teller, and Lana Del Rey.
After the Chiefs’ big win, the “Cruel Summer” hitmaker was seen kissing her man on the field as they gushed over his third Super Bowl title.
“Oh, my God,” she said to the tight end as she gave him a big hug and multiple smooches. “Unbelievable!” she added as she patted his back.
The “Invisible String” hitmaker was tackled by friends before she went onto the field, where she was seen loving on her boyfriend.
Swift, 34, has been ever the supportive girlfriend since she and the NFL star, also 34, went public with their romance back in September.
Advertisement