Cher and her boyfriend, Alexander “AE” Edwards, have seemingly put the latter’s wild brawl with Travis Scott behind them.
The couple was spotted holding hands while strolling around Monaco Sunday, moments after arriving via helicopter from St. Tropez.
The two looked to be in great spirits as they made their way to the celeb-favorite hotspot Club 55.
The date comes days after the record producer was involved in a scuffle with Scott at Richie Akiva’s annual “The After” afterparty in Cannes, France.
Page Six exclusively reported last Friday that the brawl broke out around 5 a.m. earlier in the day, when Scott, 33, and Edwards’ good friend Tyga, 34, were both in the DJ booth at the same time.
We were told Akiva took the mic to shoutout Tyga and Edwards saying, “We got T-Raww and A.E” in the house — which did not sit well with Scott.
The “Sicko Mode” rapper returned to the stage with his producer friend Southside, who allegedly pushed Edwards, prompting him to drag Scott.
“Models were flying everywhere in the melee,” a source told Page Six at the time. “Someone got hit with an ice bucket.”
Edwards, who was recorded in video obtained by Page Six taking a swing, was all smiles just hours before when he accompanied Cher to the amfAR Gala, where she performed.
The “If I Could Turn Back Time” singer won kudos for her spirited performance, which she did in a sparkly bodysuit and leather jacket inspired by her daring look from the tune’s 1989 music video.
The Oscar winner, 78, and Edwards, 37, have been in an on-again, off-again relationship since 2022.
Cher has defended their relationship, hitting back at criticism of their nearly 40-year age gap.
“haven’t You Got Anything Else 2 Do?! Let Me Explain…I DONT GIVE A [flying] FK WHAT ANYONE THINKS,” she wrote on X in November 2022.
The “Mermaids” actress recently explained why she dates younger men.
“The reason I got with young men is because men my age are older — well now they’re all dead — but before, they were always terrified to approach me,” Cher said on “The Jennifer Hudson Show” on May 1, “And younger men — they were raised by women like me.”
Advertisement