Our #1 AI Stock Pick is on a steep discount - 29.99$ instead of 99.99$! Click here to access exclusive investment research and ad free browsing!
Our #1 AI Stock Pick is on a steep discount - 29.99$ instead of 99.99$! Click here to access exclusive research!
In this article, we will take a look at how VR is transforming experiences globally while navigating through the 10 best virtual reality stocks to buy now.
Virtual Reality is a computer-generated simulation that allows users to interact with a three-dimensional environment. The four elements that characterize virtual reality and differentiate it from other technologies such as augmented reality and mixed reality are a 3D-simulated environment, immersion, sensory engagement, and realistic interactivity, as revealed by HP.
According to a report by Fortune Business Insights, the global virtual reality market size was valued at $25.11 billion in 2023 and is expected to grow from $32.64 billion in 2024 to $244.84 billion by 2032, at a compound annual growth rate of 28.6% during the forecast period (2024-2032).
Region-wise, North America is expected to dominate the global VR market over the forecast period. Another rapidly growing region is Asia Pacific with growth driven by the rising demand for immersive technologies in emerging economies. China, one of the major distributors of head-mounted VR devices and other hardware, is forecasted to have the highest market share in the region. Simultaneously, Europe is the early adopter of virtual solutions in the automotive industry and will be experiencing significant growth, with Germany and the UK as its leading markets.
The virtual reality devices used today have their foundation laid on the first head-mounted augmented reality display “The Sword of Damocles” which was introduced by Ivan Sutherland in 1968. While firms such as Sega and Nintendo developed VR gaming systems in the 1980s and 1990s, it was not until the 2010s that high-quality VR headsets boasting powerful graphics and motion-tracking technology came to the market.
While gaming has been driving the popularity of VR, the potential of the technology has been realized in a multitude of other industries. The American shipping company UPS committed to millions for the advanced training of its drivers, with the firm’s industry-leading training powered by the use of virtual reality in an industrial training environment. Before drivers operate an actual delivery vehicle, the company’s Driving Simulator provides realistic driving experiences.
Virtual reality and augmented reality have also penetrated the healthcare sector as they offer transformative opportunities for medical training, patient care, and therapeutic interventions. The treatment domains in which these technologies are used to treat patients are diverse and include pediatric diagnostics and treatments, pain management, mental health, neurological disorders, surgery planning, intraoperative procedures, telemedicine, as well as post-operative and other rehabilitation therapies. The penetration is evident from the fact that the US FDA has authorized 69 medical devices that incorporate augmented reality and virtual reality.
Virtual Reality is also changing the game for the entertainment industry, especially for artists. Fortnite witnessed a record turnout of more than 12 million attendees to its virtual concert featuring the hip-hop superstar Travis Scott in 2020. Therefore, VR applications continue to spread around today’s world. The renowned luxury car manufacturer BMW has materialized virtual reality experiences in the automotive space. The company expanded its revolutionary driving experience with BMW M Mixed Reality which tends to blur the boundaries between the physical and virtual worlds through state-of-the-art VR/MR technologies.
With that being said, let’ move to the 10 best virtual reality stocks to buy now.
Our Methodology:
In order to compile a list of the 10 best virtual reality stocks to buy now, we utilized stock screeners, ETFs, and online rankings to make an extended list of the relevant companies with the highest market caps. Moving on, we shortlisted the top 10 stocks from our list which had the highest number of hedge fund holders. The 10 best virtual reality stocks to buy now have been arranged in ascending order of their hedge fund holders, as of Q2 2024.
At Insider Monkey we are obsessed with the stocks that hedge funds pile into. The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 275% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 150 percentage points (see more details here).
Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 25
Matterport, Inc. (NASDAQ:MTTR) is a leading spatial data company that focuses on digitizing the built world. The firm’s groundbreaking spatial data platform turns buildings into data to make almost every space more valuable and accessible. Buildings in over 177 countries have been transformed into immersive Matterport digital twins to improve every aspect of the building lifecycle from planning, construction, and operations to documentation, appraisal, and marketing. The firm is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California.
The firm is a clear market leader with its groundbreaking digital twin technology with unrivaled AI and deep learning. Matterport, Inc. (NASDAQ:MTTR) boasts a first-mover advantage with a robust patent portfolio. It benefits from a strong global adoption in diverse industries with numerous upsell opportunities. Leading customers including Redfin, Vacasa, and Cushman & Wakefield have chosen Matterport to help transform their businesses.
While the firm is driving the adoption of Matterport digital twin and witnessing growth, it is shaping a future where digital transformation empowers its customers and redefines the built world as emphasized by JD Fay, Chief Financial Officer. Matterport powers one of the biggest libraries of VR experiences of real-world places. Matterport for Mobile makes it easy and cost-effective to convert any space into an immersive 3D digital twin. The firm allows anyone to create 3D content for VR and its powerful cloud processing converts what the user has captured into a 3D space fully explorable in virtual reality. Matterport for Mobile is compatible with certain iOS devices, Android devices, and selected tablets.
Matterport, Inc. (NASDAQ:MTTR) closed a good second quarter of 2024 with annualized Recurring Revenue hitting a record $96.6 million, up 16% year-over-year. Subscription revenue which accounted for over 57% of the total revenue increased by 16% year-over-year and reached a record $24.2 million. Total subscribers grew to 1.06 million, up 28% year-over-year.
Hence, Matterport, Inc. (NASDAQ:MTTR) continues to redefine spaces by improving the way people understand and interact with the physical world. With a large library of real-world places captured for virtual reality, the firm ranks among the 10 best VR stocks to invest in.
Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 27
Universal Display Corporation (NASDAQ:OLED) serves as a world leader in the invention, research, development, and commercialization of state-of-the-art OLED (organic light-emitting diodes) technologies and materials. The company has grown from an R&D start-up to a global leader in the OLED industry. It licenses its proprietary OLED technologies to manufacturers of products for display applications including mobile phones, wearables, tablets, notebooks and televisions, and specialty and general lighting products.
While displays are essential for various consumer electronics products, OLED technology powers the VR products of today. The firm’s proprietary technologies and materials can be found in virtually every commercial OLED product, ranging from smartwatches and tablets to smartphones and TVs, including Samsung’s Galaxy series and LG’s OLED TVs. OLED technology is also used in Sony’s PlayStation VR2 as well as Apple Vision Pro.
On October 30, Universal Display Corporation (NASDAQ:OLED) reported its third quarter 2024 financial results. Total revenue was $161.6 million as compared to $141.1 million in the prior-year quarter. While the revenue from royalty and license fees grew over the year, revenue from material sales declined due to changes in customer mix as material volumes were relatively flat between periods. Overall, the management sees 2024 as the start of a new OLED adoption cycle for medium-sized displays, especially IT and automotive.
Universal Display Corporation (NASDAQ:OLED) has a leading position in the OLED ecosystem with unparalleled expertise and a global footprint. The firm currently owns, exclusively licenses, or has the sole right to sublicense over 6,000 patents issued and pending across the world. While the VR market is expected to expand in the coming years, the firm has a strong growth trajectory to pursue.
NYSE:UHeadlineNYSE:SONYNASDAQ:AMDNASDAQ:MSFTNASDAQ:QCOMNASDAQ:OLEDNASDAQ:NVDANASDAQ:MTTRNASDAQ:METANASDAQ:AAPLDaily NewsletterApple Inc (NASDAQ:AAPL)Unity Software Inc (NYSE:U)Matterport Inc. (NASDAQ:MTTR)NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA)Meta Platforms Inc. (NASDAQ:META)Sony Group Corporation (NYSE:SONY)8 Best Wide Moat Stocks to Buy NowMicrosoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT)QUALCOMM Incorporated (NASDAQ:QCOM)Advanced Micro Devices Inc. (NASDAQ:AMD)10 Best Virtual Reality Stocks to Buy NowUniversal Display Corporation (NASDAQ:OLED)30 Most Important AI Stocks According to BlackRockShow more...Show less
Returns since its inception in May 2014 (through February 19th, 2025)
Warren Buffett
Berkshire Hathaway
$293,447,417,000
David Einhorn
Greenlight Capital
$1,491,303,000
George Soros
Soros Fund Management
$5,416,602,000
Jim Simons
Renaissance Technologies
$77,426,184,000
Leon Cooperman
Omega Advisors
$1,886,381,000
Carl Icahn
Icahn Capital LP
$22,521,664,000
Steve Cohen
Point72 Asset Management
$22,767,998,000
John Paulson
Paulson & Co
$3,510,256,000
David Tepper
Appaloosa Management LP
$4,198,712,000
Paul Tudor Jones
Tudor Investment Corp
$6,160,740,000
Get our editor’s daily picks straight in your inbox!