by 
	Sydni Ellis


Stormi Webster est belle at Paris Fashion Week! The 5-year-old attended the haute couture show alongside her mom Kylie Jenner in matching Valentino black gowns.

	










	In pictures from the event in Paris, France, today, Jenner and Stormi walk past photographers on their way to the Valentino Spring/Summer 2024 show. The Kylie Cosmetics founder wore a form-fitting black strapless gown, with bows in the back and a feathery black cape over it. She paired this with black sunglasses for a chic look.













	Related story



	
	
		
					Jeannie Mai & Her Daughter Monaco Are in House-Hunter Mode During This Scenic Video		
	










	Stormi was her mini-me in a long black gown with feathery trim near her neck and wrists. She wore a tiny black purse, matching black shoes, and black sunglasses. Even their hair was identical, with both mother and daughter wearing their long strands pulled up in a ponytail.



Vogue shared a video on Twitter of Jenner and Stormi posing for photos at the event. She looks like a little model herself, walking alongside her mom with a perfect strut and smiling for the camera flashes. She is such a doll!



	The fashion show was attended by many famous celebrities other than Stormi. These included Jennifer Lopez, Florence Pugh, and Kris Jenner (Stormi’s “Lovey”!).

	Earlier in the day, The Kardashians star attended the Jean Paul Gaultier Spring/Summer 2024 show dressed in a sheer white gown with clear platform heels. Stormi didn’t go to this show, likely staying in a hotel with a caregiver to rest up for the event later that night.

	Jenner shares Stormi and son Aire, who turns 2 next month, with ex Travis Scott. In Nov. 2023, Jennifer Lawrence interviewed the Khy founder for Interview Magazine, where she revealed how she involves her daughter in her work.

	“What do you tell them Mommy does for work?” the Hunger Games alum asked Jenner.

	“Mommy makes makeup,” she replied, adding, “Stormi was playing with my makeup yesterday. She loves putting on a red lip every once in a while.”



	“Hell, yeah!” Lawrence responded.  
Kylie Jenner just gave fans an intimate glimpse into her heartwarming Target Day with Stormi! https://t.co/VmtajHeODO

	“Just around the house, obviously,” Jenner clarified. “And I like to show her my name’s on the lipstick. I’m like, ‘This is mommy’s lipstick. Your mom’s really cool.’” She also told her daughter that “Mommy makes clothes now.”

	“I have my Khy collection coming out and I made her all mini-versions of all the pieces from our first drop. I like her to be involved in everything that I do, and I’m always doing special things for her,” she added.

	It seems like Stormi is used to wearing high fashion, then! She may grow up to be just like her runway model aunt, Kendall Jenner. But even if not, she’s still the cutest little fashionista ever.
These famous moms love wearing matching outfits with their kiddos.

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
The stories you care about, delivered daily.
SheKnows is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 SheMedia, LLC. All Rights Reserved.