The Cleveland Browns, led by quarterback Deshaun Watson and their defense, were victorious against the Jacksonville Jaguars in Week 2 after a tough-fought win on the road.
The first road game for Cleveland started very well when the Browns scored on their first offensive drive. A sixteen-play drive that resulted in a Deshaun Watson rushing touchdown was a breath of fresh air after their performance last Sunday. The offense was led by some much-needed production from the rushing attack led by Jerome Ford and D'Onta Foreman. This was easily the best drive of the day for the offense as they slowly came to a halt for most of the second half. Head coach Kevin Stefanski seemed displeased with their performance, but this is a good building block for the Browns offense as they head into their matchup against the New York Giants.
One of the main takeaways from the win against the Jaguars was the return of the dominant Cleveland Browns defense. Defensive coordinator Jim Schwartz and the Browns defense had a clear focus on improving from their week 1 performance and returning to their true potential. The team was firing on all cylinders from the start, forcing multiple pass deflections and punts throughout the entire game. While many turnover opportunities were lost for Cleveland's defense, there are many positive headlines to take away from their performance.
The final score of Sunday's contest was an 18-13 final that came down to the wire. The beginning of the Browns winning streak will lead to an exciting upcoming matchup against the New York Giants in Cleveland.
Grade: B-
Starting quarterback Deshaun Watson began the game with an immediate improvement of his week 1 performance. In the first quarter, Watson completed seven of his eight passes and scored a rushing touchdown to cap off a sixteen-play opening drive. Watson's throws were confident and strong throughout the entire drive and were the obvious missing piece for offensive production. The Browns offense was shown what they are capable of if the quarterback can put it together on the field.
After his opening touchdown drive, Watson returned to his struggles and could not seem to re-collect his tempo against the Jacksonville defense. The Cleveland offense was unable to score another touchdown after penalties deflated multiple drives. Even though this was not his best performance, Watson can only improve each week and continue to try and help his team win. Let's hope to see him continue to build off his small success and begin a winning streak for Cleveland.
Grade: B+
The Browns rushing attack had a slightly different identity this week following their struggling performance in Week 1.
Preseason favorite and free agent signing D'Onta Foreman finally made his appearance for the Browns during their first play on offense with a surprising eight-yard run. When many were expected to see starting running back Jerome Ford, the new Cleveland Brown was impressive in his time on the field. Jerome Ford also had a very productive day with his impressive 9.1 yards per carry. Both running backs are crucial to the offense in their own way, and I anticipate their roles will continue to expand.
The fluid ability of both Foreman and Ford allows the play callers to be creative and find more opportunities to gain yards on the ground. Foreman brings a powerful rushing attack, while Ford adds breakaway speed, as he displayed this afternoon. This will be a pivotal part of the offensive game plan that we can expect to see if quarterback Deshaun Watson were to struggle.
Grade: A-
Cleveland's wide receivers managed to find their footing in week 2 after a struggling performance against the Dallas Cowboys in the home opener. When Watson targeted his newly acquired receivers Jeudy and Elijah Moore, the passing game was nothing but successful. Jerry Jeudy caught five of his six targets for an impressive 73 yards, including a 30-yard catch that was his highlight of the day.
This was a sigh of relief for both fans and the newly acquired Jeudy after the entire team struggled against the Cowboys. Elijah Moore, who was acquired in a trade last year with the New York Jets, also had a standout performance with his notable six catches. Amari Cooper was the only lowlight of today with his critical drops, one habit he is looking to shake off next week.
There was reason to be nervous about the Browns passing attack today with the loss of David Njoku and the struggles of quarterback Deshaun Watson. Current starting tight end Jordan Akins was able to fill in very nicely for Njoku with his one catch of ten yards and pass-blocking assistance. On top of that, the Browns also were down their two starting offensive tackles and left little to no time for the receiver's routes to develop.
Hopefully, the return of Jack Conklin and Jedrick Wills next week will allow receivers like Jeudy and Moore to be more creative with their route running.
Grade: C+
Once again, offensive line woes continued in their visit to Jacksonville with multiple drive-killing penalties. The team was once again without starting offensive tackles Jedrick Wills and Jack Conklin, who many thought had a good shot to play this weekend. Both players were seen practicing as the team prepared for the game but they were ultimately announced out. Dawand Jones and James Hudson III filled in once again for the starters and continued to struggle early and often. Dawand Jones was also injured during the contest against the Jaguars and did not return due to cramping.
Hudson had the unfortunate task of attempting to guard one of Jacksonville's best defenders, Josh Hines-Allen. It was clear early that Hudson was not going to be completely successful in guarding Allen most of the game. This was especially difficult without the assistance of injured tight end David Njoku. When it came to penalties, James Hudson, Wyatt Teller, and more had multiple flags that could've impacted the game in a much greater way. The offensive line must do a better job of protecting their players if they want any hope of the offensive production to improve.
Grade: B+
Along with the rest of the defense, it was an impressive performance by the strong defensive front on Sunday. Myles Garrett led the room with three total tackles and also secured a sack in the victory against Jacksonville. One aspect Garrett still needs to improve on is his restraint to jumping offsides pre-snap. This was the biggest negative takeaway from Jim Schwartz's defensive front, which is a positive in itself. There was also a collective effort of pass deflections from Alex Wright, Quinton Jefferson, and Garrett himself.
The defensive front did a much better job of getting to the quarterback with three sacks on Jaguars quarterback Trevor Lawrence. Starting running back Travis Etienne also had a tough time finding running room, but the Browns defense will still have to continue improving on this moving forward. We'll see if they can continue their solid efforts in their next matchup in Cleveland.
Grade: A
Jim Schwartz's linebacker group was nothing short of excellent in this afternoon's matchup. Both starting linebackers Jeremiah Owusu-Koramoah and Jordan Hicks were defensive leaders both statistically and with their presence on the field. Owusu-Koramoah was in his true form with seven total tackles two being for a loss. This is no shock to Browns fans after the stud linebacker led the NFL in tackles for loss in 2023.
It appeared that the guardian cap he opted to wear on his helmet did anything but slow down his performance. Newly acquired linebacker Jordan Hicks was also very impressive in his second game as a Cleveland Brown. He managed to collect three total tackles with a critical sack and two pass deflections.
The performance on both linebackers was a sight for sore eyes after seeing Owusu-Koramoah struggle to handle the duties by himself in 2023. Jordan Hicks, a ten-year veteran, has leadership and playmaking abilities that will allow Owusu-Koramoah to focus more on his assignments and be a force for this defense. The support that Hicks has provided so far in his first two contests has been nothing short of great. We'll see if this standout linebacker group can continue their dominance after a successful first two weeks of the season.
Grade: A-
Denzel Ward and the Cleveland Browns defensive back room had a very solid day in Jacksonville. In the first half, they were nothing short of absolutely dominant against Trevor Lawrence and the Jaguars wide receivers.
Jaguars quarterback Trevor Lawrence only managed to collect sixteen passing yards at halftime and was unable to produce any touchdowns offensively. Denzel Ward made one of many highlight plays when he almost had an interception after his pass deflection, one of many plays where the team almost had an interception. The secondary also managed to blanket the Jaguars top wide receiver Christian Kirk, who only managed to catch one pass for less than one yard.
This secondary dominance was the key to stopping the Jaguars and their strategy heading into this game. A productive day against the Cowboys in the season opener was just a stepping stone for the potential of this defense. Their performance is sure to continue against a less competitive wide receiver room in Week 3.