A steady rain this evening. Showers continuing overnight. Low 53F. Winds light and variable. Chance of rain 60%..
                                
A steady rain this evening. Showers continuing overnight. Low 53F. Winds light and variable. Chance of rain 60%.
 Updated: May 3, 2025 @ 6:08 pm
At Dobyns-Bennett Excel, Mr. Brogden’s Professional Communications class has been learning about cross promotions and how they impact companies. McDonald’s is a good example of how cross promotions can be beneficial to both involved parties.
Cross promotions are the act of a company partnering with another company to promote both of their products at the same time, often painting appealing pictures in people’s minds when they see a product they know, wanting to also get the other product as well.
One of the most well-known McDonald’s cross promotions was McDonald’s Monopoly, where people would buy McDonald’s, collect tokens that corresponded to Monopoly properties, and potentially win free food and large cash prizes.
Monopoly is one of the largest board games, and McDonald’s is the largest fast-food chain, making almost everyone know at least one of the products. If someone knows about one product but not the other, they would more than likely learn more about the one they do not know and potentially buy something related to it, benefiting both companies.
Celebrity meals are an ongoing cross promotion that McDonald’s has utilized since the 1990s. Celebrity meals are simply the meal a specific celebrity chooses when they go to McDonald’s, including the specifications set to certain items.
The first celebrity meal was the Michael Jordan meal in 1992, and there have been six more since including the Travis Scott Meal, BTS Meal, and the Cardi B and Offset Meal.
McDonald’s celebrity meals, similar to cross promoting with companies, can influence people when they see a celebrity they know.
Krispy Kreme and McDonald’s is the most recent cross promotion McDonald’s has utilized. Krispy Kreme doughnuts are sold in a large portion of McDonald’s locations, with the intent of being sold paired with McCafé products. McDonald’s benefits by having more items on their menu, and Krispy Kreme benefits from having their name tied with McDonald’s.
McDonald’s Crocs are another recent cross promotion McDonald’s took, both with McDonald’s themed Croc shoes and Happy Meals. Multiple instances of collaboration with Crocs shows the start of a potential partnership between the companies.
Disney is by far the most important and longest ongoing cross promotion that McDonald’s has participated in, spanning from 1987 until now. McDonald’s promotes Disney through Happy Meals, with almost every Disney movie having a Happy Meal made for it.
And the Disney cross promotion is the largest McDonald’s takes part in, with Happy Meals in general being one of the most popular items on their menu. The timing of when McDonald’s releases Disney-themed Happy Meals also drastically improves the amount sold; right when a movie is first released.
McDonald’s cross promotions have been very beneficial to all companies involved, and allow companies they approve to have more promotion.
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers:
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Sign up with
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Sign in with
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.