By Rory Ryan
The Highland County Press
Greenfield Village Council heard from three concerned citizens at its Sept. 16 meeting, including Steve Fligor, Travis Howland and Richard Stiffler.
After addressing members of council, Fligor presented a copy of a letter that he has submitted to State Rep. Bob Peterson, R-Sabina, State Sen. Shane Wilkin, R-Hillsboro, as well as to the Highland County Board of Commissioners and Highland County Auditor Alex Butler.
Fligor's issue centered around the recent announcement by the county of projected 30-percent increases in property taxes. He called upon members of council to voice their opposition to the projected increases to state and local officials.
In a shared letter to The Highland County Press, Fligor wrote:
"I’m a real estate investor and landlord in Greenfield, Highland County averaging 50 properties. The recent appraisal of real estate in Greenfield for property tax purposes is completely out of control with appraisals inflated to an unrealistic level. Overall, these appraisals do not represent true market value. We were originally told an average of 30-percent increase when, in fact, the increase is more in the 50-percent to 100-percent range.
"I have reached out to Auditor Alex Butler, Highland County Commissioner Dave Daniels and to Gov. DeWine’s office objecting to these increases. I actually met with Phillip Vinson of Vision Government Solutions and presented objections to the appraisal values of 21 of my properties.
"Attached are three letters. Attachment A is my letter to Alex Butler, auditor of Highland County. In this letter, I comment on a number of serious points, like but not limited, to the negative impact on the 35 percent of our population at or below the poverty line as their rents or house payments will go up $25 to $50 monthly; the delinquency increase Highland County will experience from people who can’t or won’t pay the increased tax will rise dramatically.
 
"Every levy on the November ballot will likely fail, and this increase in its retroactive nature, will cost me personally in the range of $18,000 that I can’t recover. 
"Attachment B is the cover letter to a package I presented to Phillip Vinson of Vision Government Solutions, arguing the appraisals do not represent true market value. In that package, I offered a property-by-property analysis and value that represented true market value supported by Attachment C. Attachment C is a letter from Scott Rooks, of Lakeside Realty, who sells a large percentage of Greenfield property, offering his opinion on the property values offered, confirming that the values presented to Phillip Vinson of Vision Government Solutions represented true market value. 
"While I expect some relief, I’m fighting a battle where appraisers from somewhere else determine property values with no input from local Realtors or real estate professionals. They fly a drone over our property, plug numbers into a computer, and their opinion alone is the standard. I'd gladly sell a number of my properties at the inflated appraisals; by example, they appraised one property at $149,000, and on a good day, I might get $80,000, so someone please buy that property at $149,000.
"Governor DeWine’s office advised that I contact your office to urge you to move forward on the many legislative bills addressing this problem. I’m one man, but I plead for the many that will be hurt by these inflated appraisals. I plead for the 35 percent at or below the poverty line because I was one of those Greenfield kids that grew up living that life. There are a number of good solutions, such as limiting the actual amount of the tax increase to 10 percent a year. 
"But no solution is going to happen unless you in the Legislature take action. I plead for the people of our village, county and state – please take action to stop this irresponsible action from taking place. Lastly, I’d be available to meet and discuss this matter if you think it would help."
(Note: Mr. Fligor has provided his email to The Highland County Press. It will be made available with his consent.) 
• In other business, Howland spoke with council regarding the village's parks and recreation and asked about a reimbursement of funds at Mitchell Park. Howland also updated council on the increase in summer participants in the baseball and softball programs at the park.
• Stiffler addressed council regarding the lack of water and sewer hookups on a parcel that he owns.
According to City Manager Todd Wilkin, a vote of the council could be done to provide water to that parcel. Council would have to pass legislation in order for the Stiffler parcel also have sewer access, Wilkin said.
Council placed the issue in the Ordinance Committee.
* * *
Council heard the following readings:
Second reading of: Ordinance No. 28-2024: An ordinance to increase appropriations of the 240 railroad fund of the Village of Greenfield and within the 2024 budget.
First reading of: Ordinance No. 31-2024: An ordinance to increase appropriations of the 600 water fund of the Village of Greenfield and within the 2024 budget and declaring an emergency.
Second reading of: Resolution No. 23-2024: A resolution approving the Economic Development (TREX) transfer form submitted by R&B Smoke N Stuff LLC for 205 N. Washington Street and authorizing the city manager to complete and sign the transfer form.
First reading of: Resolution No. 24-2024: A resolution authorizing and directing the city manager to execute a grant agreement with the Ross County Board of Commissioners for the Felson Park project and declaring an emergency.
First reading of: Resolution No. 25-2024: A resolution accepting the amounts and rates determined by the budget commission and authorizing the necessary tax levies and certifying them to the county auditor.
Council adjourned into executive session, pursuant to ORC 121.22 (G)(1) – to consider the employment and compensation of a public employee, as well as ORC 121.22 (G)(2) – to consider the  purchase of property for public purposes, the sale of property at competitive building, or the sale or other disposition of unneeded, obsolete, or unfit-for-use property.
Pictured below is Steve Fligor.
David Anthony Mayer (not verified)
18 September 2024
Permalink
Social media is full of angry posts about property tax increases.  Most counties are in the rotation for revising estimates. The anger is directed at county auditors, commissioners, and city or village elected officials. Few posts address the members of the legislature. Only they can change the existing laws. Period. What is obvious is many do not understand how property tax laws are approved in Ohio. You elected these people. Deal with it. Will the powers that be make any significant changes? My answer is no. In 2023, the legislature made a minor adjustment to the homeowners exemption.  The most likely changes will only benefit the lower income property owners. Why you ask? Because their is a small amount of empathy in Columbus. Many counties here have high rates of poverty based on federal income guidelines. Therefore you see such programs as free school lunches and heating assistance programs in the winter. Another reason is no county commissions in the 88 cointies will turn down the windfall tax revenues they are about to recieve in 2025. Looking at my vacant land in Highland County, the new value is very close to the sell it any day of the week said a local realtor. Another point is a property owner can file for a review. Elections have consequences at the state level. You elected a majority of GOP officials. The party which claims to promote lower taxes. You most likely voted for them not thinking about property taxes. You were more likely concerned about abortion and guns.  My summary is live with your choice. Any relief for the populace which is not low income is highly unlikely.  And too late for 2024.