Manage your account
SIOUX FALLS, S.D. (KELO) — Kid Rock and Nickelback are coming to KELOLAND next year.
The acts will stop in Sioux Falls as part of the Rock the Country festival.
Rock the Country will turn up the music in Sioux Falls on July 18th and 19th.
 Great Shots reopens Friday 
“I think it’s going to be a great weekend,” W.H. Lyon Fairgrounds CEO and President Scott Wick said.
Kid Rock will headline day one of the two-day festival.
“Nickelback on Saturday night is going to be our headliner,” Pepper Entertainment Vice President of Marketing Kyle Heino said.
The festival will bring a mix of country and rock music to fans at the W.H. Lyon Fairgrounds.
Sioux Falls is one of ten cities on the Rock the Country tour.
“Last year they did several dates around the country. They’re kind of back for a second year and Sioux Falls has the opportunity to get the show,” Heino said.
“I’m really excited. We were very excited when they came to us and wanted Sioux Falls to be one of the markets,” Wick said.
The action will happen on the midway to accommodate the tens of thousands of fans expected to show up.
Festival-style events have been hosted on the fairgrounds before.
“When we participated in Ribfest we had live music and brought in a portable stage and it was a festival atmosphere then too and people hung out in the grass and laid blankets down and brought their chairs,” Wick said.
Other artists in the Rock the Country lineup for Sioux Falls include Travis Tritt, Tracy Lawrence, and Little Texas.
“Really looking forward to it, we’re very excited about it, very honored to host it,” Wick said.
Presales are underway this week.
Public ticket sales begin Friday at 10:00 AM Central.
A pass for the whole weekend starts at $140 for general admission, while a day pass starts at $90.
For more ticket and event information, click here. 
Copyright 2024 Nexstar Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
 For the latest news, weather, sports, and streaming video, head to KELOLAND.com.