Don Toliver isn't ruling out a future collaborative album with his Cactus Jack record label founder Travis Scott.
Toliver, who just enlisted Scott for two features on his latest full-length project Hardstone Psycho ("Ice Age" and "Inside"), spoke about his admiration for "big bro" Travis in a new interview with Frazier Tharpe for GQ.
"I don't know what the future holds, but I'm going to tell you this: I love Travis so much," Toliver, 30, shared. "And me and him just, we grow together. So, I mean, you can just about expect possibly anything from us. I can't sit here and be like, 'Oh, we're doing the album next year.' But I mean, I can just say this: me and Travis, it'd be a beautiful thing. And it doesn't look too far away on the horizon. So, we'll see."
Elsewhere in his conversation with Tharpe, Toliver credited 33-year-old Scott with his decision to divide Hardstone Psycho into four sections.
"The person who helped me put this together was Travis," he said. "Big shout out to big bro for this. He helped me break the album down into four different lanes, four pieces."
Of course, Don and Travis have a long history of collaborating, as Scott has appeared on Toliver's previous three studio albums: 2020's Heaven or Hell ("Euphoria"), 2021's Life of a Don ("Flocky Flocky" and "You"), and 2023's Love Sick ("Embarrassed"). Toliver was introduced to the mainstream rap audience with his guest feature on "Can't Say," a standout from Scott's Astroworld album in 2018, the same year he signed to Cactus Jack Records in a joint deal with Atlantic. He got further shine alongside Trav on the 2019 Jackboys track "What to Do?"
music | BY Trace William Cowen
Don Toliver Enlists Travis Scott, Future, Metro Boomin, and More for New 'Hardstone Psycho' Album
music | BY Alex Ocho
Don Toliver Reportedly Arrested for DUI, Cited and Let Go Without Being Taken to Jail
music | BY Jaelani Turner-Williams
Kali Uchis and Don Toliver Share Video Announcing Birth of Baby Boy
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.