As the Super Bowl approaches, the NFL is loving Taylor Swift’s romance with Kansas City Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce — and some of Donald Trump’s supporters are hating it. The Hill reported:
“Conservatives in both traditional media and social media have been launching conspiracy theories against the pop superstar, something that ramped up after The New York Times reported that the Biden campaign was actively hoping for her endorsement.”
Steve Breen takes the gallery’s lead spot with a grateful NFL executive smooching the TV as Swift and Kelce celebrate the Chiefs’ victory in the AFC championship game with a kiss. Bill Bramhall, David Horsey, Jack Ohman, Scott Stantis and Walt Handelsman follow with their send-ups of MAGA world conspiracy theories.
In Washington, Republicans kept hammering the Biden administration over immigration, yet seem disinclined to negotiate a bipartisan legislative compromise opposed by Trump. Phil Hands predicts there will be no action on the wave of migrants “until [Trump’s] finished riding it to victory.”
Cartoonists also riffed on Groundhog Day, referencing the movie in which a weather forecaster is stuck in a time loop — only this time, it’s the 2020 presidential campaign on repeat.
Other topics in this week’s gallery include Trump’s legal battles; attacks on U.S. troops and international shipping by Iran’s proxies in Iraq and Yemen; and Elon Musk’s introduction of Neuralink, a brain chip.
Cartoons were drawn by Jack Ohman, Nick Anderson, Bill Bramhall, Dana Summers, Drew Sheneman, Scott Stantis, Walt Handelsman, David Horsey, Phil Hands, Joel Pett and Joey Weatherford of Tribune Content Agency; and Mike Luckovich, Steve Breen and Michael Ramirez of Creators Syndicate.
View more editorial cartoon galleries.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices