After Preseason Week 1, the Indianapolis Colts are trending toward needing to make a move at running back. Two players are now injured in that room, leaving Jonathan Taylor without a worthy backup.
Both Trey Sermon and Trent Pennix exited Sunday's preseason game against Denver and did not return. Could that signal a potential move coming?
If the Colts wanted to make a trade, the perfect candidate might just be emerging within the Chicago Bears' back field: Fourth-year pro Khalil Herbert.
One Bears analyst mentioned that Herbert might benefit from being traded, and it makes a lot of sense. Chicago signed D'Andre Swift to a 3-year, $24 million deal in free agency and drafted Roschon Johnson last season. They've got Travis Homer and Ian Wheeler who bring special teams value, and even wide receiver Velus Jones Jr. has been taking reps at running back.
Herbert is in the final year of his contract and, if he's available for a later pick, then why not give Taylor some proper insurance with a guy who averaged 4.6 yards per carry in 2023 and 5.7 the season prior?
Last season, the Colts were in a spot similar to right now. The back field was short-handed due to injury.
At this point, Indy has to do what they can to give this offense a proper one-two punch between Taylor and another veteran like Herbert. With Taylor's injury concerns, in the past, it would be a great idea to bring in someone else who is capable of not only starting, but producing, since Zack Moss is now out of the picture.
Look at it this way: the Colts are depending on Anthony Richardson to take a leap in 2024 after a rookie season that saw him only start four games. When healthy, Taylor is one of the best backs in football. But, if the Colts are down Taylor at any point again this year, they currently do not have a solid backup plan.
That's nothing against Evan Hull, Tyler Goodson, and Zavier Scott who are left on the most recent depth chart. But, the fact is, this offense needs someone more seasoned and dependable to take over if Taylor goes down again.
Heck, even if Taylor stays healthy, he's a back worth preserving and keeping fresh. Adding someone like Herbert would allow the offense to keep Taylor ready to go by giving him a breather every once and a while. Herbert is fully capable of taking on 8-12 touches per game and making use of them.
Again, if Herbert is even remotely on the block and something like a sixth or seventh-round pick gets it done, Chris Ballard needs to make it happen.
© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.