ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
CLEVELAND, OHIO - JUNE 08: Jon Bon Jovi arrives for the opening of the "Bon Jovi Forever" exhibit at ... More the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum on June 08, 2024 in Cleveland, Ohio. Bon Jovi's Greatest Hits: The Ultimate Collection compilation marks the band's second career hit on Billboard's Vinyl Albums chart, where it debuts this week.  (Photo by Duane Prokop/Getty Images)
Bon Jovi continues to find space on the Billboard charts with Greatest Hits: The Ultimate Collection, which remains one of their most beloved releases. The group’s singles collection regularly appears on a number of rankings, as it’s the set that fans and more casual listeners revisit when they want to hear the rockers’ biggest smashes. This week, the title lands on one list it’s never reached before, and it instantly becomes a special win for the legendary musicians.
Greatest Hits debuts on the Vinyl Albums chart this week. The compilation launches at No. 24 on Billboard’s ranking of the bestselling titles on the format across the country.
Despite ranking among the biggest and most successful rock bands in history, Bon Jovi doesn’t have a solid track record of selling their work on vinyl. Greatest Hits is only the second project from the band to land on the Vinyl Albums tally–and it hits the list just a few months after they debuted on the roster for the first time.
This June, Bon Jovi finally landed on the Vinyl Albums chart. Their latest full-length, Forever, debuted and peaked at No. 5 on the list, bringing them to the roster for the first time in their decades-long tenure together.
Greatest Hits is one of many new titles on the Vinyl Albums list during what has turned out to be a very busy frame. Bon Jovi earns the eleventh-highest-ranking arrival on the roster, coming in behind releases from the likes of Travis Scott, Keshi, Miranda Lambert, and rock favorites such as The Jesus Lizard and the Ramones.
Luminate reports that in the past tracking frame, Bon Jovi’s Greatest Hits sold another 2,750 copies throughout the nation. That’s up several hundred percent from the period before. While the company doesn’t outline exactly how many of those were on vinyl, chances are it’s most of them, as the release seems to be responsible for the uptick in purchases.
The vinyl drop helps Bon Jovi’s Greatest Hits soar on a number of tallies. The compilation returns to two, including the Top Album Sales list. It’s also gaining ground on three other charts, including the Billboard 200, where it bounds north nearly 70 spaces at once.