Joe Manganiello, host of NBC’s new “Deal or No Deal Island” game show, is as rugged as they come. The 6-foot-5-inch former football player-turned-actor has explored caves, climbed glaciers, cycled over lava fields, even trained with the world’s strongest man. 
But the 47-year-old star — who’s famed for his roles on “True Blood” and “Magic Mike” — tells Alexa the only thing that truly scares him is “not using my talents to their full potential. Life is a gift, and you should fear not fully living it.” 
Rest assured, the Dungeons & Dragons-loving, chihuahua-snuggling headbanger is living fully and unapologetically. Here are a few of the fashion and decor finds that rock his eclectic world. 
“I knocked Annie Duke and a few other poker pros of note out on my way to winning a poker tournament a few years back, and a Richard Mille [watch] was the prize. Side note: I retired from poker play shortly thereafter.”   
“I really dig these. I missed them when they first came out but when I found a pair in my size recently, I decided to treat myself.” 
“Other lesser jewelers have attempted so many knockoffs of this ring but to no avail. Geoff knocked this design out of the park for my streetwear line Death Saves. Each ring is made custom for the client.”
“This coat reminds me of all the soldiers in my family tree. You really can’t beat Tom Ford when it comes to overcoats.” 
“I’m obsessed with the band Tool and the art of Alex Grey, so this skull based on their collaborations was a no-brainer for me. Fun fact: When you touch the skull’s third eye, the fetus’ heart beats red. It’s a conversation piece, especially because mine came signed by the band.”
“I have a special room where I write and have friends over to play cards that is adorned with some pretty wild artwork, so I wanted something unique as a chandelier. This was it!”
“I run a very notorious Friday night [Dungeons & Dragons] role-playing campaign for my friends, so I had this custom table built for us. I picked the Bagstone Walnut slab and blue resin color and had it scaled to fit 14 big guys comfortably. At 12 feet by 6 feet, the table weighs 1,000 pounds and required renting a crane to install it.”
“I was honored this past winter by the Children of Armenia Fund in New York City and had the pleasure of meeting Armenian artist Michael Aram at the gala. He’d recently made a sculpture in honor of the Armenian Genocide, which my great-grandmother survived, and it reminded me of the monarch butterflies that often fly into my living room.”
“Go big or go home… but support your back when you go super heavy.”
“Good for the car, the gym, or when [my chihuahua] Bubbles needs to stay put at home.”
“I think bedroom furniture should be as comfy as possible and there really isn’t a comfier chair than this. After a rough leg-day at the gym and a shower, you’ll find me here running phone calls.” 
“Archetypes, the collective unconscious, and the journey inward, the bridge between science and the invisible world — I recommend the giant table-sized version.” 
“I have 16-foot ceilings on the top floor of my house and the walls completely retract in the living room facing a tree line, so I can fit big plants in the room to create a really unique indoor-outdoor, art gallery-treetop vibe.”
“As a fellow Pittsburgh native and alum of Carnegie Mellon (just like Andy), adding one of Warhol’s ‘Electric Chairs’ last year to my art collection was a must. Plus, a few years back I produced and starred in a film shot at Ossining State Prison in New York, the original home of ‘the chair.’”
Advertisement