By BRIAN GALLAGHER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  05:04, 25 July 2024   |  Updated:  06:47, 25 July 2024   
 47
View  comments
Fans got a glimpse of Kylie Jenner's massive $36 million mansion on the Season 5 finale of The Kardashians, but not a glimpse into her new relationship.
The final segment of the Season 5 finale cut to Kylie Jenner’s house, with the 26-year-old is in the midst of finalizing everything for a big family dinner.
However, fans who have been waiting all season for Kylie - who is currently in Italy with kids Stormi and Aire - to show or even acknowledge her boyfriend Timothee Chalamet will be disappointed.
The season began in Paris Fashion Week, where Kylie was spotted with Timothee, though she has never shown nor mentioned her boyfriend on the show.
Still, fans got a brief glimpse inside the cosmetics mogul's home, if only ever so briefly, during the final family dinner for Season 5. 
Fans got a glimpse of Kylie Jenner 's massive $36 million mansion on the Season 5 finale of The Kardashians, but not a glimpse into her new relationship
The final segment of the Season 5 finale cut to Kylie Jenner’s house, with the 26-year-old is in the midst of finalizing everything for a big family dinner
‘Storm! Be quiet for a sec while I film this,’ Kylie says, telling the camera, ‘We are doing a special family dinner at my house.'
'I feel really lucky to have Nobu here to cook for the family. Yeah, we’ve been traveling a lot, we’ve been super busy, so it’s just the best when we can all get together.’
Khloe arrives with her kids along with Kris and Corey then Kourtney and Travis, as Kourtney says in confession, ‘I love jumping into all the chaos of all the cousins and all the sisters and everyone, and I love jumping out and going back to my peaceful place at home.’
Kourtney says in confession, ‘We haven’t all been together and seen each other like this in awhile,’ while we see her give her 14-year-old son Mason a hug, the first time he’s been featured on the Hulu series.
Kourtney continues in confession, ‘Well, we’re almost all here. There’s always one that can’t make it, and tonight that’s Kendall.’
Kendall says in confession, ‘I’m so sorry I’m not at the dinner, but I hope that it’s all going perfectly and beautifully.’
Kourtney lines some of the kids up against the wall and says she thinks Chicago is the tallest, as Kim says in confession, ‘Cousin chaos is so good. There’s nothing better.’
Kris says, ‘Everyone except me deposit your phone in the basket,’ while she checks her phone and says into the camera, ‘Someone’s gotta have their phone in case of an emergency.’
Kourtney lines some of the kids up against the wall and says she thinks Chicago is the tallest, as Kim says in confession, ‘Cousin chaos is so good. There’s nothing better'
Kris says, ‘Everyone except me deposit your phone in the basket,’ while she checks her phone and says into the camera, ‘Someone’s gotta have their phone in case of an emergency'
Kourtney continues in confession, ‘Well, we’re almost all here. There’s always one that can’t make it, and tonight that’s Kendall'
Kylie and Timothee have reportedly been dating since April 2023, though Kylie has never shown or mentioned him on the Hulu series
Kylie and Timothee have reportedly been dating since April 2023, though Kylie has never shown or mentioned him on the Hulu series.
She hasn't even hinted at a significant other throughout the last two seasons, and even when she was still dating Travis Scott, he wasn't mentioned or featured either.
Her sister Kendall has also been similarly tight-lipped about her love life during her time on the Hulu series.
She has been dating NBA star Devin Booker and rapper Bad Bunny since the show debuted on Hulu in 2022, and neither of the relationships have been showcased or mentioned. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group