She welcomed her first child with husband Travis Barker in November 2023
Kourtney Kardashian just gave fans a rare glimpse into her life as a new mom of four.
The Poosh founder, who gave birth to a baby boy named Rocky Thirteen in November, shared a sweet new portrait of herself and her little one on Instagram on Sunday. In the photo, Kardashian cradles Rocky to her chest. The mother and son match in fuzzy white bathrobes, with Kardashian’s featuring gold embroidered details.
“Blisssss,” she wrote in the caption.
Although Rocky is Kardashian's first child with husband Travis Barker, the couple both have kids with partners from previous relationships. Kardashian shares 13-year-old son Mason, 12-year-old daughter Penelope, and nine-year-old son Reign with ex-boyfriend Scott Disick. Meanwhile, Barker shares 17-year-old daughter Alabama, 20-year-old son Landon, and 24-year-old stepdaughter Atiana with his ex-wife, Shanna Moakler.
“Kourtney and Travis are over the moon and could not be more elated that they share a child of their own together,” an insider told Entertainment Tonight in December. “Kourtney and Travis already had an unbreakable bond, but having a baby together has brought them even closer and made them fall even more in love. This experience has solidified their feelings that they were destined to be together.”
The source added, “Travis loves to shower Kourtney with gifts, but is also there for her on a deep level. He is an incredibly dedicated father and partner. They’re so excited to experience this new chapter together and unite their families even more.”
Kendall Jenner’s Halter Plunges to New Depths
Florence Pugh Steps Out in Five Different Looks
Kate and William Show Rare PDA in New Photos
Dua Lipa Looks Cool In Leather Pants
Lucas Bravo & Shailene Woodley Are Official
Hailey Bieber’s Gucci Dress Is So Cinderella-Coded
Kylie and Timothée Show PDA at a Lakers Game
Charli XCX Posts a Photo Dump From Her Brat Tour
George and Amal Clooney's Relationship Timeline
Lorde's Dating History
Jen Aniston's Easy Look Is So Rachel Green-Coded
Blake Lively Carries Kitschy Pizza-Shaped Clutch
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.