WACO, Texas (KWTX) - The McLennan County Democratic Party nominated Waco School Board Member Jeremy Davis Monday night to fill the Precinct 2 seat on the McLennan County Commissioners Court left vacant by the death of Patricia Miller on Jan. 28.
Twenty precinct chairs within Precinct 2 selected Davis, 28, over Travis Gibson, son of longtime County Commissioner Lester Gibson, and Tracy Guillory, Miller’s administrative assistant.
The McLennan County Republican Party will meet July 8 to select a nominee to face Davis in the Nov. 5 general election. Chris DeCluitt, local Republican Party chairman, said at least eight people have expressed interest in the nomination.
McLennan County Democratic Party Chairman Mark Hays said the first vote ended in a tie between Davis and Gibson. He said it took two tiebreakers before Davis prevailed 11-9.
“I appreciate the community’s confidence in me and I’m going to need their support to win in November,” Davis said. “I’m excited about the opportunity to build upon the legacy of this seat.”
Hays said he was proud that the party fielded such strong nominees.
DeCluitt said local Republican Party leaders at the July 8 meeting also will select a nominee to represent the party for judge of McLennan County Court-at-Law No. 3.
McLennan County commissioners appointed Waco attorney Pat Atkins judge of the court in January after Judge Ryan Luna, the former judge, was appointed judge of 414th State District Court by Gov. Greg Abbott. Atkins said Monday he wants to keep the job and hopes to be the Republican Party’s nominee in November.
Hays said no one has expressed interest to him in seeking the Democratic nomination for County Court-at-Law No. 3. However, he said party leaders can meet to nominate someone until the end of August should someone express interest in the job.
All precinct chairs can vote for that position since it’s a countywide office.
Gibson was vying to fill the seat his father, the first Black elected McLennan County commissioner, held for 28 years before he retired in December 2018. Lester Gibson, who also served on the Waco City Council, died in June 2022 at the age of 73.
McLennan County Judge Scott Felton has the statutory authority and the option to select Miller’s successor. However, he decided to leave it up to the precinct chairmen who live in Precinct 2 to select nominees for the general election.
Precinct 2 covers eastern McLennan County and portions of East Waco.
MORE LOCAL CONTENT: Cameron Park Zoo hosts community paint for new Penguin Exhibit
Copyright 2024 KWTX. All rights reserved.