By TERRY ZELLER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  18:21, 1 September 2024   |  Updated:  18:37, 1 September 2024   
 111
View  comments
Kourtney Kardashian gave her 221 million fans a treat on Sunday by sharing jaw-dropping snaps to her Instagram.
The 45-year-old reality star, fresh off her appearance at the Reading Festival with husband Travis Barker, posted photos showcasing her in a daring, leg-baring outfit.
Wearing a tiny black mini skirt, Kourtney flaunted her figure while lounging on a chair. 
She completed the look with a baby blue oxford shirt, a black tuxedo jacket, and sky-high heels with metal-studded straps. 
Adding a touch of attitude, Kourtney quoted Sabrina Carpenter's summer hit Espresso in her caption, writing, 'My give a f**ks are on vacationnnnn.' 
Kourtney Kardashian gave her 221 million fans a treat on Sunday by sharing jaw-dropping snaps to her Instagram 
The 45-year-old reality star, fresh off her appearance at the Reading Festival with husband Travis Barker , posted photos showcasing her in a daring, leg-baring outfit
Last week, Kourtney and her 48-year-old Blink-182 rocker husband arrived hand-in-hand at the annual UK Reading music festival.
Kourtney opted for a casual yet stylish ensemble, sporting an army camouflage coat paired with leggings and boots. 
She kept her makeup natural and let her sleek black hair flow freely for the outdoor event. 
Travis, who wed Kourtney in a series of lavish ceremonies in 2022, chose army pants and showed off his tattoo sleeves in a white vest. 
Kourtney - who has Mason, 14, Penelope, 12, and nine-year-old Reign with former partner Scott Disick - welcomed baby Rocky Thirteen with Travis in November last year.
Meanwhile, Sabrina celebrated her hit single Espresso surpassing one billion streams on Spotify earlier this month. 
The hitmaker, 25, shared a story announcing that the single had reached the 'billions club' to her Instagram.
'Holy s**t!!! Thank you for streaming,' the star — whose fans slammed her 2025 tour ticket prices as 'scandalous and appalling' — wrote, adding a heart emoji.
Wearing a tiny black mini skirt, Kourtney flaunted her figure while lounging on a cream chair
Adding a touch of attitude, Kourtney quoted Sabrina Carpenter's summer hit Espresso in her caption, writing, 'My give a f**ks are on vacationnnnn'
Meanwhile, Sabrina celebrated her hit single Espresso surpassing one billion streams on Spotify earlier this month; seen performing in New York City in June
Released in April 2024 as the lead single from her forthcoming album Short n' Sweet, Sabrina's infectious pop track Espresso swiftly captivated listeners worldwide. 
The song, accompanied by a visually stunning music video directed by Dave Meyers, soared to the top of the Billboard Global 200 chart, marking her first number-one hit. 
Kourtney quoted the Espresso lyrics that read: 'I can't relate to desperation/My 'give-a-f**ks' are on vacation. 
'And I got this one boy, and he won't stop calling/When they act this way, I know I got 'em.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group