Manage your account
SUMNER COUNTY, Tenn. (WKRN) — Monday was a regular night at work for a teenage pizza delivery driver in Sumner County — until it wasn’t.
Sixteen-year-old Logan Burns’ workday ended in the hospital earlier this week after two dogs attacked him while he was delivering pizza for Easy Cheezy Pizza in Westmoreland.
“He’s a great kid,” Burns’ boss, Travis Stafford, said. “I couldn’t ask for a better employee.”
 Court documents reveal new details in death of Macon County teen; suspect waives detention hearing 
Near closing time on Monday, July 8, Burns pulled into a driveway off Scott Lane and was attacked by the two large dogs.
“I hate that something so tragic happened to somebody that has a future like he does,” Stafford said. “He definitely has a bright future.”
The teen was rushed to the hospital and had emergency surgery.
“The surgery lasted four-and-a-half hours because, from his neck down, he is stapled up,” said Jerry Burchett, Burns’ minister at Hartsville Church of Christ.
 Records reveal what happened before Riley Strain disappeared 
There is a GoFundMe set up to help the family with medical bills.
In addition, Hartsville Church of Christ will give all of the donations from Sunday, July 14 to Burns’ family, according to Burchett.
You can also send in checks to this address:
Hartsville Church of ChristPO Box 42Hartsville, TN 37074
⏩ Read today’s top stories on wkrn.com
As for the dogs involved in the attack, they were reportedly euthanized.
News 2 spoke with Paul Russell, a friend of the dogs’ owner, who said, “The woman is very sad. She’s very distraught. She not only lost her dogs, but this boy got hurt.”
Burns is well known around town. According to his friends, he’s hardworking and popular.
Even though the teen is out of the hospital, doctors are keeping an eye on his recovery.
Copyright 2024 Nexstar Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
 For the latest news, weather, sports, and streaming video, head to WKRN News 2.