e-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
to submit an obituary

		Please email obits@scrantontimes.com or call 570-230-4917. Please include your name, mailing address, and phone number along with the copy and photo.
	
Sign up for email newsletters
e-Edition

			TRENDING:		
Programs to help farmers in Pennsylvania are underutilized, and the state Game Commission is exploring ways to improve outreach on existing programs and create more options to address the problem.
According to the Pennsylvania Farm Bureau, crop damage from wildlife – mainly deer – has grown in recent years. Data from the U.S. Department of Agriculture ranks Pennsylvania as one of the top states being impacted by crop damage from wildlife, resulting in significant economic losses for farmers. Estimates from USDA’s federal crop insurance data indicate that in 2017 Pennsylvania farmers faced approximately $20 million in losses on corn, and $15 million losses on soybeans.
Game Commission board members spent the summer meeting with members of the agricultural community to discuss crop damage. Board President Scott Foradora said it was clear that farmers need help addressing damage caused by deer, and the board will be reviewing ways to further address the issue.
“We recognize the critical importance of agriculture in our state, and we have a responsibility to find effective solutions to the challenges they are facing,” Foradora said.
According to agency spokesman Travis Lau, one issue consistently highlighted by farmers is expansion of the Ag Tag program.
The program allows farmers to issue coupons to hunters who can harvest up to four antlerless deer each. Deer can be harvested outside of regular hunting seasons, from Aug. 1 to Sept. 15, and again from Feb. 1 to April 15.
Lau said farmers would like to see the Ag Tag seasons expanded so hunters can harvest deer for a longer period of time.
He said farmers also asked the agency to make other changes, including making it easier to enroll in the program and place a greater emphasis on promoting it.
During the Sept. 20 board meeting, Jason DeCoskey, director of the Game Commission’s Bureau of Wildlife Protection, outlined five options currently available that, combined, essentially allow deer to be harvested year round for crop damage.
However, DeCoskey said some of the current programs are being underutilized.
During this year’s Ag Tag seasons, he said, 3,933 antlerless deer were harvested in the state. A similar option to help address crop damage — the Deer Management Assistance Program — can be used during any regular deer hunting season but only resulted in a harvest of 14,352 additional deer last year.
Overall, during the regular deer hunting seasons for 2023-2024, the calculated deer harvest was 430,010, including 258,410 antlerless deer.
“We need to get the word out about these programs,” DeCoskey said.
While the board can make changes to the Ag Tag and DMAP programs, there are other crop damage options that are established by law (Title 34) and can only be changed by the state legislature.
DeCoskey said those programs are being underutilized as well.
Under Title 34 is a section called Destruction for Agricultural Protection that allows a farmer and employees to shoot deer of either sex at any time of the year, day or night, with no harvest limit. Deer can also be shot within safety zones.
The section states a person’s “primary means of gaining a livelihood” must be from agriculture, but DeCoskey said it doesn’t have to be the only income they receive.
“It should be enough so they have to report their income on taxes,” he said. “It is a sizable amount they make off their land, but not the only income.”
Any deer killed must be field dressed and reported to the Game Commission within 24 hours, and wardens will pick up the carcasses to distribute to food banks and those in need.
Also, the property doesn’t have to be open to public hunting in order for deer to be harvested, DeCoskey said.
“This is one of the greatest avenues that I think a lot of farmers are using, but not to the full intent,” he said.
Another option established by law under Title 34 is the issuance of depredation permits to shoot deer for crop damage. Farmers can assign two people to shoot deer at any time with no harvest limit, and the depredation permits are issued by the Game Commission. However, in order to be eligible for a permit, the property must be enrolled in one of the agency’s public access programs for at least 2 years prior. A waiver can be sought for additional permits for the same farm.
DeCoskey said 31 permits have been issued across the state (eight in the northwest, four in the southwest, one in the northeast and 18 in the southeast).
“This permit extends that person definition to two additional people that farmer may seek to help them with depredation. Allows them to shoot any time, at night, within safety zones,” he said. “You would think a lot of people would be taking advantage of this program, but currently there are only 31 permits throughout the state. It’s an underutilized aspect of deer depredation.”
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group