Swift and her gal pals cheered on their beaus as the Chiefs defeated the New Orleans Saints on Oct. 7
Sheawna Kiara/Instagram
 Taylor Swift and the Kansas City Chiefs WAGs looked radiant in new photos from their evening at Arrowhead Stadium for Monday Night Football.

 Swift, 34, turned heads in a mini dress and face glitter while supporting her boyfriend Travis Kelce and his teammates on Oct. 7, and in new photos shared by Sheawna Weathersby, the "Fortnight" singer looked delighted to be spending time with her Kansas City crew.

 "Playtime over, this the big league," Weathersby, who shares two children with defensive tackle Chris Jones and is rumored to be participating in an upcoming reality series for Bravo, captioned her post on Instagram with photos from the Chiefs 26-13 win over the New Orleans Saints.

 Swift poses with her hands above Mecole Hardman Jr.'s fiancée, Chariah Gordon, in the fun photos from their suite at Arrowhead Stadium.

Sheawna Kiara/Instagram
 The group was joined by familiar faces in their VIP box like Kelce's close friend Aric Jones, the NFL star's mom Donna Kelce, Jason Kelce's wife Kylie and Swift's father, Scott.

Sheawna Kiara/Instagram
 Also in attendance for the Monday night matchup was Swift's backup dancer Kameron Saunders, whose brother Khalen is a defensive tackle for the Saints.

 Khalen, 28, won two Super Bowls with Kelce and the Chiefs in 2019 and 2022 before signing a three-year contract with New Orleans.

 The Saunders-Swift-Kelce connection came full circle during the game when Khalen tackled Kelce in the third quarter, knocking the star tight end to the ground in front of his girlfriend.

Ric Tapia/Getty; Jamie Squire/Getty
 Kelce popped right back up after taking the tough hit, but fans noted the fun connection between the Saunders brothers and Swift after the play.

 Never miss a story — sign up for PEOPLE's free daily newsletter to stay up-to-date on the best of what PEOPLE has to offer, from juicy celebrity news to compelling human interest stories.

 After the Chiefs win, Swift celebrated with Gordon and Weathersby in the suite, calling the victory for Kansas City "perfect" in a video on Gordon's Instagram Stories.

 PEOPLE reported on Oct. 5 that Bravo is currently filming for a reality show about the Kansas City WAGs supporting their Super Bowl-winning partners. The show is still only in development and final decisions on a cast remain undecided, but an exclusive source told PEOPLE that both Weathersby and Gordon will potentially star.

 Swift, as well as Patrick Mahomes' wife Brittany, will not participate in the show if it gets picked up, however, another source exclusively told PEOPLE.

Jamie Squire/Getty Images
 "Taylor and Brittany are not part of the show at all and will not even be filmed," a source close to the pair exclusively told PEOPLE. "Taylor especially is very protective of what little private life she has left."

 "She enjoys all the ladies she's met, but she will not be a part of Bravo's storyline," the source added.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)