Olivia Bellusci is a Newsweek writer based in New York. Her focus is reporting on entertainment news. She has in depth knowledge of the pop culture landscape. Olivia joined Newsweek in 2024. She is a graduate of Pace University. You can get in touch with Olivia by emailing o.bellusci@newsweek.com. You can find her on Instagram @OliviaBellusci. Languages: English.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
Kourtney Kardashian Barker and her husband, Travis Barker, celebrated Christmas Eve as a blended family.
On Monday, December 30, the 45-year-old reality TV star posted an Instagram carousel with pictures from the Kardashian family's annual Christmas Eve celebration, including a photo of her and the 49-year-old rockstar's blended family.
The power couple shares one son, Rocky, who is 13 months old. Kourtney shares three kids of her own with ex-boyfriend Scott Disick: Mason, 15, Penelope, 12, and Reign, 10. Travis, for his part, has two kids with ex-wife Shanna Moakler: Landon, 21, and Alabama, 18. He is also the former stepdad to Moakler's daughter with her ex-husband Oscar De La Hoya, Atiana, 25.
In the snap taken in front of a Christmas tree, Kourtney and Travis don all-black outfits and stand in the middle with three kids on either side. The blink-182 drummer holds Rocky, dressed in a black onesie, and kisses his little one's cheek. The Kardashians star keeps her arm around Reign, who opted for animal-printed pants. Atiana and Landon stand on one side, Mason — rarely seen in photos is much taller than his mom — and Penelope stand on the other, next to close family friend Carl Dawson. Alabama was missing from the picture as she had to skip the holiday festivities due to being sick.
Other photos in the post include one of Travis holding Rocky by the fireplace and the poosh founder posing with sisters Kim Kardashian and Kendall Jenner. Kourtney also hit the photobooth with Landon, Kim, and Reign, sharing a few black-and-white snaps from a photo strip that read "Merry Christmas 2024" on top.
A post shared by Kourtney Kardashian Barker (@kourtneykardash)
The Lemme co-founder captioned her post, "'Twas the night before Christmas ❤️."
Family members took to the comment section to gush over the blended family.
Landon dropped two comments, writing, "Love it!" and "Holiday Kourt moment!"
"Cutest fam ♥️," the 44-year-old Skims founder commented.
Meanwhile, Atiana commented three white heart emojis, and Kendall commented three red heart emojis.
Olivia Bellusci is a Newsweek writer based in New York. Her focus is reporting on entertainment news. She has in depth knowledge of the pop culture landscape. Olivia joined Newsweek in 2024. She is a graduate of Pace University. You can get in touch with Olivia by emailing o.bellusci@newsweek.com. You can find her on Instagram @OliviaBellusci. Languages: English.
Olivia Bellusci is a Newsweek writer based in New York. Her focus is reporting on entertainment news. She has in depth knowledge of the pop culture landscape. Olivia joined Newsweek in 2024. She is a graduate of Pace University. You can get in touch with Olivia by emailing o.bellusci@newsweek.com. You can find her on Instagram @OliviaBellusci. Languages: English.
Olivia Bellusci is a Newsweek writer based in New York. Her focus is reporting on entertainment news. She has in                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC