We're not even halfway through 2024 yet, but the Jordan Brand is already in the year 2025. It's understandable, really, seeing as their star model, the Jordan 1, celebrates its 40th anniversary next year. 
As expected, Jordan Brand's 2025 lineup is already stacking up with plenty of anticipated Jordan 1 drops ("Bred" 1s, anyone?), including several short versions of the first Jordan shoe. Yep, a bunch of Jordan 1 Lows are expected to come out next year, which probably sounds like music to AJ1 Low fanatics' ears. 
It all started with the announcement of the Jordan 1 Low "Royal," a beloved colorway scheduled to land in Spring 2025 on a low-cut model. Nike revived (and reimagined) the famous Jordan 1 scheme in smooth suede back in 2023. And now the sneaker is back again as AJ1 Low for the anniversary year. 
In addition to a classic leather build (yes, it's reportedly leather again!), the Jordan 1 Low will restore that iconic black and royal blue colorblocking on the low-cut build. 
The Jordan 1 Low is set to launch in a myriad of highly sought-after colorways next year, including the other blue classic "Obsidian" and the exquisite tan beauty, "Rookie of the Year." And the excitement doesn't stop there. Travis Scott's Jordan 1 Low "Olive" is now anticipated to drop in 2025, adding to the string of Lows on the horizon. 
Jordan 1 Lows have been around just as long as the Jordan 1 High (they both debuted in 1985). But it is interesting to see colorways famously associated with the Jordan 1 High going low (AJ1 Low, that is). Some Nike fans would much rather see these schemes again on the high-top sneaker, but others are more than ready for these Lows. 
Trophy Room's Air Jordan 1 Low collaboration already set the tone. But thanks to 2025's lineup, it will truly be an ankles-out affair when these Air Jordan 1 Lows drop.
Titel Media GmbH (Highsnobiety), is committed to facilitating and improving the accessibility and usability of its Website, www.highsnobiety.com. Titel Media GmbH strives to ensure that its Website services and content are accessible to persons with disabilities including users of screen reader technology. To accomplish this, Titel Media GmbH tests, remediates and maintains the Website in-line with the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG), which also bring the Website into conformance with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990.
Please be aware that our efforts to maintain accessibility and usability are ongoing. While we strive to make the Website as accessible as possible some issues can be encountered by different assistive technology as the range of assistive technology is wide and varied.
If, at any time, you have specific questions or concerns about the accessibility of any particular webpage on this Website, please contact us at accessibility@highsnobiety.com, +49 (0)30 235 908 500. If you do encounter an accessibility issue, please be sure to specify the web page and nature of the issue in your email and/or phone call, and we will make all reasonable efforts to make that page or the information contained therein accessible for you.