ESPN officially announced on Tuesday that former Philadelphia Eagles center Jason Kelce has signed a deal with the network that's expected to run for multiple years.
As part of his duties at ESPN, Kelce will be making weekly appearances as an analyst on Monday Night Countdown and will also take part in the network's Super Bowl coverage on an annual basis. 
Kelce will be on Monday Night Countdown weekly throughout the season and into the playoffs, and will be on the air for halftime coverage alongside Scott Van Pelt and Ryan Clark during each Monday Night Football and ESPN playoff game.
He joins a Monday Night Countdown cast already consisting of Van Pelt, Clark, Adam Schefter, Marcus Spears and Michelle Beisner-Buck. 
"Turns out, it was a short retirement! I'm excited to join ESPN, and particularly the Monday Night Countdown team," Kelce said in a statement. "ESPN was a consistent presence in our household growing up and the network helped shape who I am and my love of all sports. To now appear on that same screen is a full circle moment. And, I mean it's freaking Monday Night Football! and I’m ready for some football."
Kelce, who co-hosts the New Heights podcast with his brother Travis, is expected to continue working on the show in addition to his role at ESPN.
It's an early foray into sports media for Kelce, who only retired from the NFL in March after 13 seasons in the league. The decorated offensive lineman spent his entire career with the Eagles, where he won one Super Bowl, made seven Pro Bowls and was a six-time All-Pro.
Karl Rasmussen is a staff writer for the Breaking and Trending News team for Sports Illustrated. A University of Oregon alum who joined SI in February 2023, his work has appeared on 12up and ClutchPoints. Rasmussen is a loyal Tottenham, Jets, Yankees and Ducks fan.
Follow Karlras920
© 2025  ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.