by Regina Avalos, July 21, 2024
(Suits: LA photo: NBC)
NBC has ordered two new dramas, one of which will bring the world of an old USA Network series back to the small screen. Suits: LA and Grosse Pointe Garden Society have both been ordered to series by the peacock network.
Stephen Amell (above), Josh McDermitt, Lex Scott Davis, Bryan Greenberg, and Troy Winbush star in Suits: LA, from Suits creator Aaron Korsh. The series, set in the same world as the original Suits takes the action to Los Angeles. NBC revealed the following about the upcoming series:
Ted Black, a former federal prosecutor from New York, has reinvented himself representing the most powerful clients in Los Angeles. His firm is at a crisis point and to survive he must embrace a role he held in contempt his entire career. Ted is surrounded by a stellar group of characters who test their loyalties to both Ted and each other while they can’t help but mix their personal and professional lives.
(Photo: NBC)
As for Grosse Pointe Garden Society, the series follows four friends and members of a garden club who “get caught up in murder and mischief.” Melissa Fumero, AnnaSophia Robb, Ben Rappaport, Matthew Davis, Alexander Hodge, Aja Naomi King, Nancy Travis, and Felix Avitia star in the murder mystery series.
Premiere dates for both series will be announced later. It’s unclear if either will debut during the upcoming 2024-25 TV season.
What do you think? Do you plan to check out either of these new shows on NBC when they eventually arrive?
Check out our NBC status sheet to track the peacock network’s new series pickups, renewals, and cancellations. You can find lists of cancelled shows here.

More about: Grosse Pointe Garden Society, Grosse Pointe Garden Society: canceled or renewed?, NBC TV shows: canceled or renewed?, Suits LA, Suits LA: canceled or renewed?
Cancelled
No infringement of previously copyrighted material is intended on this site. DMCA.
Copyright © TV Series Finale. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy.