Clear skies. Low 48F. Winds E at 5 to 10 mph..
                                
Clear skies. Low 48F. Winds E at 5 to 10 mph.
 Updated: May 3, 2025 @ 5:35 pm
A band featuring a local woman on bass is looking to set a fire and ignite some excitement in Oklahoma’s rock and roll scene.
Aqua Fire: Cory Blake, vocals; Ridge Wieck, guitar; Eric Johnson, drums; and Amanda Smith, bass; call themselves a southern rock band established in 2020. But their history goes back further, Smith said.
Javascript is required for you to be able to read premium content. Please enable it in your browser settings.
Along with being the columnist of Soundemonium Musaic, Scott Rains is also a police, fire, Native Affairs and roller derby reporter for The Lawton Constitution.
You can email him at: scott.rains@swoknews.com.

Success! An email has been sent to  with a link to confirm list signup.
            

Error! There was an error processing your request.
            
Would you like to receive our daily news from The Lawton Constitution? Sign up today!
Receive the most recent obituaries from The Lawton Constitution every Morning in you E-mail. Sign up today!
Would you like to receive our daily sports from The Lawton Constitution? Sign up today!
Get the latest breaking news from The Lawton Constitution. Sign up today!
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers:
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Would you like to receive our daily news from The Lawton Constitution? Sign up today!
Receive the most recent obituaries from The Lawton Constitution every Morning in you E-mail. Sign up today!
Would you like to receive our daily sports from The Lawton Constitution? Sign up today!
Get the latest breaking news from The Lawton Constitution. Sign up today!
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.