By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

	All products and services featured are independently chosen by editors. However, Footwear News may receive a commission on orders placed through its retail links, and the retailer may receive certain auditable data for accounting purposes.
Update: Sept. 21, 2024 at 10:50 a.m. ET:
With the expected late-September release date for Travis Scott’s Air Jordan 1 Low OG “Medium Olive” collaboration getting closer, official product images of the anticipated sneaker have arrived on Nike’s website.
The images offer the best look yet at the rapper’s latest Air Jordan 1 Low project and also lend credence to its expected Sept. 28 launch. There’s been some uncertainty about which of the artist’s unreleased Air Jordan 1 collaborations will actually be released, but it’s all but official for this autumn-apropos style.

 









The “Medium Olive” colorway doesn’t reinvent the wheel for Travis Scott’s Air Jordan 1 looks, but it does deliver more of what fans of the collection have come to love. It features a large, reversed Swoosh logo on the lateral side that tucks beneath the midsole and earth-tone hues that will easily fit into fall wardrobes. 




			Watch on FN		




Related Stories Michael Jordan’s Original ‘Fire Red’ Air Jordan Is Coming Back After 12 Years Staud Updates Birkenstock’s Arizona Sandal in Latest Partnership for Summer 
Olive green suede is used as the base for the shoe with smooth white leather overlays and black Nike Swooshes. Travis Scott branding is featured throughout the shoe, including the “Cactus Jack” logo on the tongues, medial side and left insole with the rapper’s smiley face logo on the heel and on the right insole, where his name is also printed.
Travis Scott’s Air Jordan 1 Lows have been the most frequently seen sneaker in his popular Jordan Brand collaborations. To date, six different Air Jordan 1 Low OG SP sneakers have been released, along with a golf version of the sneaker. After the “Medium Olive,” an eighth colorway in “Velvet Brown” is expected to be released in December. 
As of now, this Travis Scott x Air Jordan 1 Low OG SP “Medium Olive” sneaker is expected to be released next week on Sept. 28 for a retail price of $150 in adult sizes. The pair is also set to come in little kids ($80) and toddler ($65) sizing. Readers can expect launches through Nike’s SNKRS platform and travisscott.com. 
What We Originally Reported on Aug. 15, 2024
 









Fans of Travis Scott’s Nike and Air Jordan sneaker collaborations have plenty to look forward to in the coming months. Not only are more pairs of his signature Nike Zoom Field Jaxx and Jordan Jumpman Jack (aka CJ1 T-Rexx) models in the works, but the artist’s ever-popular Air Jordan 1 Low is also releasing in a number of new looks, beginning with this pair set to be released next month.
The Travis Scott x Air Jordan 1 Low OG “Olive” sticks with what’s been working for the Cactus Jack collab formula, but updates the look with a new color blocking option. Reminiscent of the style used on his Air Jordan 1 Low Golf collaboration, this upcoming Travis Scott x Air Jordan 1 Low OG “Olive” dons a suede base in olive green which is overlaid with a smooth white leather. 
Travis Scott’s signature oversized reverse Swoosh logo in black leather is affixed to the outer lateral side, while a more standard Swoosh fills in the medial portion along with his “Cactus Jack” branding in red. At the bottom, the shoe uses a pre-yellowed Muslin midsole with matching shoelaces and also comes packaged with black, pink and white alternate laces.
Not to be confused with the “Medium Olive” Travis Scott x Air Jordan 1 Low OG which was released in 2023, this upcoming pair features a full colorway name of “Medium Olive/Black/Sail/Muslin.” Ahead of the official release, marketplace GOAT has a wide range of sizes listed with current asking prices ranging from $1,214 to $2,400.
Other noteworthy Travis Scott x Air Jordan 1 Lows on the horizon include the “Dark Pony,” “Shy Pink,” and “Velvet Brown” styles, each of which are expected to be released throughout spring 2025.

 









In the more immediate future, this Travis Scott x Air Jordan 1 Low OG “Olive” is set to launch on September 28, although Nike has yet to confirm the date, so it’s possible it could shift between now and then. Retail pricing is set at $150. 
By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.