By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

	All products and services featured are independently chosen by editors. However, Footwear News may receive a commission on orders placed through its retail links, and the retailer may receive certain auditable data for accounting purposes.
August is cooking up to be a hot month for sneaker releases — and not just because of the Olympics. 
Joe Freshgoods’ latest New Balance collab is getting a global launch follow an in-person release in July exclusively in Paris, while the blockbuster “Deadpool & Marvel” is getting one of the better Marvel x Adidas collaborations in recent memory with three sneakers in a collection. Bad Bunny’s hit Adidas Gazelle Indoor collaboration is also set to get a second colorway, while New Balance and Puma are launching two promising premium trainers for running. 

 









Of course, the Olympics is also generating a lot of heat, especially from Nike, with drops including the Air Jordan 6 “Olympic,” the return of the Air Max 180 “Concord” worn by Michael Jordan in 1992, and the first-ever return for the vaunted Kobe 4 “Gold Medal.”


			Watch on FN		




Related Stories Michael Jordan’s Original ‘Fire Red’ Air Jordan Is Coming Back After 12 Years One of Kobe Bryant’s Most Popular Nike Sneakers Is Arriving in a New Lightning-Colored Style Soon 
Below, Footwear News takes you through all the best sneaker releases coming in August. This post will be updated as the month progresses, and you can also click through for dedicated roundups of every Air Jordan and the best sneakers from Nike and Adidas coming in August. 
Release Date: August 1Price: $220Following an in-person release exclusively in Paris, Joe Freshgoods’ New Balance 990v6 “Paris Red” and “Prom Blue” sneakers release on his website in a raffle open through August 1.
Release Date: August 1Price: $175Hoka is reviving its 2012 trail running shoe with a new eye towards the lifestyle sector with releases lined up with top sneaker boutiques.
Release Date: August 1Price: $130As Sabrina Ionescu seeks to help Team USA win its eight consecutive gold medal in women’s basketball, her second signature shoe gets a colorway fit for the moment.
Release Date: August 1 Price: $120Multicolor marbling makes this new colorway of Anthony Edwards’ signature sneaker one of the boldest yet.
Release Date: August 1Price: $110Marvel and Adidas have linked for two colorways of the Rivalry Low and an additional Forum Low for “Marvel & Deadpool.” Each character gets their own version of the Rivalry, while Deadpool is represented for the Forum.

 









Release Date: August 1Price: $115OTW by Vans continues its exciting new era by introducing a new knit edition of the classic Old Skool in two colorways, one of which was debuted on the feet of Emily Ratajkowski at Paris Fashion Week earlier this summer. 
Release Date: August 1 Price: $130Combining two of the four original pillars of hip-hop, Nike collaborates with the legendary graffiti artist on its first-ever breakdancing sneaker.
Release Date: August 1Price: $160A bumblebee-like colorway arrives as the second colorway for the Harden Vol. 8’s fall run.
Release Date: August 2Price: $175Concepts and New Balance invoke their 999 “SEAL” collaboration by utilizing a similar colors scheme with added reflective paneling on the popular 1906R. 
Release Date: August 3Price: $200Michael Jordan didn’t actually wear this sneaker in the Olympics — that title belongs to the Air Jordan 7 — but the Air Jordan 6 “Olympic” did appear on the feet of several players at the 2000 games and has been released in conjunction with the Summer Games ever four years since 2012.
Release Date: August 4Price: ~$330The French restaurant and label delivers the most stylish version yet of the FuelCell Super Comp Elite v4, New Balance’s latest and greatest super shoe. 
Release Date: August 5Price: $110Fresh off of its debut last month, the AE 1 Low flips the launch colorway for the AE 1 from December.

 









Release Date: August 6 Price: $190One of the most valuable Kobe 4s returns for the first time since 2009, when it released to commemorate the gold medal won by Kobe Bryant and the “Redeem Team” at the Olympics the year prior.
Release Date: August 6Price: $135There Skateboards gets a skating benchmark through its Nike SB Dunk Low debut, which features the artwork of its cofounder Jeffrey Cheung.
Release Date: August 6Price: $180The cult classic Air Max Sunder returned after a long hiatus last month in “Canyon Yellow” and now adds even brighter colorways in pink and green.
Release Date: August 6Price: $200The Air Jordan 39 debuts the most minimal in the line in some time while standing out as the first basketball sneaker with either ZoomX cushioning or Air Zoom panels at full-length.
Release Date: August 7Price: $150The fact that Michael Jordan wore this sneaker in a photoshoot for the 1992 Olympic “Dream Team” is enough to send sneakerheads running for a pair.
Release Date: August 8Price: $160The second of Nigel Sylvester’s “Grandma’s Driveway” Air Jordan 4 RMs takes after the ground itself where he first fell in love with bikes. 
Release Date: August 9Price: $155 to $1350Six sneakers form the Kith x Marvel x Asics sneaker collection celebrating the comic book publisher’s 85th anniversary and focusing on some of its most iconic villains, including Spider-Man and Venom GT-2160s packaged together in one box. 

 









Release Date: August 9Price: $150Initially released with only 300 pairs, the KD 4 “Nerf” makes its return as one of the most-anticipated retros of Kevin Durant’s sneakers yet.
Release Date: August 9Price: $115 to $125Adidas Spezial’s 10-year anniversary celebration continues with collection of three sneakers fashioned after the British seaside. 
Release Date: August 10Price: $180The Olympics bring the opportunity to give the Air Jordan 1 High a new black gold treatment in color-blocking defined by the OG “Bred” edition.
Release Date: August 12Price: $180The latest addition to Puma’s running line offers nitrogen-injected foam with a 46mm stack height and 8mm drop and an upper made with at least 20 percent recycled materials.
Release Date: August 14Price: $200New Balance’s new premium trainer silhouette features a bouncy midsole made out of PEBA-blend Fresh Foam X and shaped with a rocker.
Release Date: August 14Price: $110Anthony Edwards’ selection for Team USA brings with it the requisite color scheme for his AE 1 Low.
Release Date: August 14Price: $140 The two colorways Steph Curry wore for Team USA in its Olympic gold medal run launch his newest signature sneaker from Under Armour.
Release Date: August 14Price: $130In the lead-up to his signature sneaker debut in 2025, Shai Gilgeous-Alexander gets his own Converse Weapon with cracked leather in metallic purple inspired by his love of vintage clothing.

 









Release Date: August 15Price: $200 to $220The first assortment from New Balance’s Made in USA fall collection, designed by Teddy Santis, sees two 990v6 colorways and a 993 drop in neutral tones (pictured right). More colorful but no less autumnal sneakers will follow as the season continues.
Release Date: August 16Price: $200Asics’ it-shoe of the moment gets three different colorways with a big Asics logo lace shroud from Museum Visitor, a Korean brand inspired by its founder’s time in Berlin.
Release Date: August 16Price: $250The only 991v2 in New Balance’s “City Exclusive” series of five regionalized sneakers comes in blue for a drop exclusive to Social Starus. 
Release Date: August 17Price: $240The Washington metro area, aka the “DMV,” is credited with helping to popularize the Air Foamposite One and now gets a colorway to call its own and inspired by D.C.’s annual cherry blossoms.
Release Date: August 17Price: $140A more muted treatment comes to Bad Bunny’s second warped Gazelle Indoor, which also features elements of the Samba.
Release Date: August 20Price: $225A Ma Maniére’s long-leaked Air Jordan 3 collaboration is coming as part of a larger collection than expected, as the boutique celebrates its 10th anniversary with six sneakers from Nike, Jordan Brand and Converse. Not since Off-White’s groundbreaking “The Ten” collection has a collaboration featured all three Nike properties in one-go. 

 









Release Date: August 21Price: $140A close lookalike to one of Travis Scott’s more popular Air Jordan 1 collaborations, this in-line edition will serve as a consolation prize to those who missed out on the more hyped variant. 
Release Date: August 22Price: $140Consumers didn’t latch onto the Clogposite when it debuted in the early 2000s or was brought back in 2014, but 2024 may finally be the right time for the molded shoe now that more men have embraced clogs and mules.
Release Date: August 23Price: $160Clot and Edison Chen’s Adidas Gazelle returns with its espadrille stitching and hand embroidered glass beads with blue accents bringing more color than its predecessor. 
Release Date: August 24Price: $215The third iteration in the Air Jordan 4’s “Thunder” series opts for a staple black and white look.
Release Date: August 27Price: $170This pair of pre-distressed Reebok BB 4000 II Mids appears in the upcoming “Alien: Romulus” movie” and follows the lead of the famous Alien Stompers from “Alien II” that fans had to wait decades for.
Release Date: August 29Price: $135Converse rider Alexis Sablone, who rode for Team USA’s skateboarding team in its Olympic debut and this year designed its uniforms, brings a scaly treatment to both the Nike SB Dunk Low and her Converse AS-1 signature sneaker.
Ian Servantes is a Senior News Editor for Footwear News specializing in sneaker coverage. He’s previously reported on streetwear and sneakers at Input and Highsnobiety after beginning his career on the pop culture beat. He subscribes to the idea that “ball is life” and doesn’t fuss over his kicks getting dirty. 
By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.