Jun 22, 2024
Photo courtesy of DREAM CENTER MIFFLIN COUNTY
Cheryl Dews of the Dream Center (second from left) is surrounded by firefighters Bob Mock (from left), Tony Dudick and Jason Wileman at last year’s Overdose Awareness event.
LEWISTOWN — Overdose deaths across the country and in Pennsylvania might be declining, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, but the numbers are still too high for Cheryl Dews.
Dews, executive assistant at the Dream Center Mifflin County in Burnham, believes substance abuse is still a major problem in the Juniata Valley and platforms like today’s Overdose Awareness Event can save lives.
“For being such a small town, it’s a shame that we have all of this going on,” said Dews, one of the organizers for this year’s event to be held from 11 a.m. to 5 p.m. at Kishacoquillas Park in Lewistown. The event is open to the public.
CDC data predicted 5,248 deaths in 2023 and 4,764 in 2024, dropping by 9.22 percent. 
In an effort to raise awareness for drug overdoses, the Dream Center is hosting a community event in which the public can learn more about the opioid crisis.
Photo courtesy of DREAM CENTER MIFFLIN COUNTY
Not Ashamed Music Ministry performs at last year’s overdose awareness event.

This year’s event features free activities for children, including face painting by the Central Pennsylvania Youth Ministries; pony rides by John and Bethany Yoder; crafts and games by Carol Haines, head of children’s ministries at New Life Church; and popcorn by New Life Church.
Entertainment will be provided by singer-songwriter and author Allan Scott and speaker Travis Habbershon, who is also an overdose survivor. Scott, the lead singer for the Allan Scott Band, travels with Habbershon across the country, speaking about drug awareness.
Stars Burn Down, a contemporary worship band serving God through music and word, will be opening for them.
There will be a dunk tank where attendees can take aim at local police, probation officers and pastors, Dews said. “They’re the targets,” she joked. “We’re trying to get the whole community involved.”
There will also be resources available at the event, not only raising awareness, but also sharing information about how to help people during an overdose.
Participating organizations include Jeremy’s Journey, Way Truth Life Radio, LUMINA Center, Pennsylvania Health Department, Tri-County Drug and Alcohol, Clear Concepts, Community Action Program and Suicide Walk Awareness.
“We bring in the organizations and agencies to let the community know there is help for them,” Dews said. “There are people that you can call. Community Action calls me regularly and helps get men and women into different programs.”
The Dream Center’s mission is to bring Christ to people with addiction, hunger, trauma and financial instability. Dews felt that this event would be right up the Dream Center’s alley.
The Overdose Awareness Event will be educating people in helping others and getting involved, and getting people involved helps with intervention.
“We call it planting a seed,” Dews explained. “If we can save one life then we can plant another seed, and save another life and plant another seed.
“We can touch people you thought you could never be touched,” she added. “People who you thought could never be touched. People that you thought would never abuse drugs.”
But they do. And this event can make a difference.
Editor’s note: To submit a nonprofit announcement to The Sentinel’s Religion section, contact Tom Laub at (717) ...
The Sentinel offers nonprofit and other community organizations an opportunity to promote upcoming events for free ...
BEAVER SPRINGS — Auction enthusiasts can unite today for a trifecta of sales on Saturday at the Middlecreek Area ...


LEWISTOWN — It’s that time of year again, an annual spring event that has been held every year for the last ...
PORT ROYAL — The Supporting our Heroes organization will be hosting an inaugural “Heroes and Harmony” event ...


NEWPORT — Perry County Council of the Arts (PCCA) hosted its annual Youth Art Day student showcase on Saturday, ...
Copyright © 2025 Ogden Newspapers of Pennsylvania, LLC | https://www.lewistownsentinel.com | 352 Sixth Street, Lewistown, PA 17044 | 717-248-6741