Fans of the Reading and Leeds Festivals have been patiently waiting for the first headline announcements for 2025 - and they've just received all of them.
The R&L bosses have now confirmed the four headliners taking to the main stage across the August Bank Holiday Weekend next year from August 21-24, 2025.
At the top of the bill is Chappell Roan, the American songstress who has blown up online with such tracks as Good Luck Babe! and Pink Pony Club.
Next up is Travis Scott, an American rapper who has achieved more than 100 Billboard Hot 100-charting songs. Third on the list is Bring Me The Horizon, one of the UK's biggest and best rock bands of all time.
Finally, Irish star Hozier will be capping off the festivals with his collection of hits, as well.
That's not all, though. They'll be joined by a collection of enormous artists including Becky Hill, The Kooks, Bilmuri, DJ EZ, and plenty more. We've got a full list of the line-up as it stands now below, but before that, we've got a number of details below about how to get tickets.
With presales and general onsales, Reading and Leeds Festival fans will need a game plan if they want to get involved soon.
Here's the information:
Reading and Leeds Festival 2025 are holding two presale events.
The first comes from mobile phone network Three and is open right now. Fans can get their tickets using the link below:
Buy Reading & Leeds presale tickets from Three here.
The second presale event comes from Reading and Leeds directly, and begins Saturday, December 7, 2024, at 12pm midday. You can buy tickets below:
Buy Reading & Leeds presale tickets here.
After that, general onsale will kick off.
Reading & Leeds Festival tickets will be released on general onsale from Monday, December 9, 2024, at 12pm midday. These tickets will be available to everyone who wants to buy them - no presale code or link required.
They will also be available from two different websites; Ticketmaster and Live Nation.
Here's the links you need:
TICKETMASTER - Buy Reading & Leeds 2025 tickets here.
LIVE NATION - Buy Reading & Leeds 2025 tickets here.
Speaking out about headlining the iconic annual festival, Bring Me The Horizon's frontman Oli Sykes said: "We are beyond excited to be returning to Reading & Leeds for our first fully fledged headline slot.
"We are going to bring hands down the greatest show of our careers. It’s going to be our only UK performance next year and the final European show of the NEX GEN campaign before the band take time away, so if you want to see BMTH next year, this truly is your only chance. Can’t wait."
Plus more to be announced…
SEARCH
CONNECT WITH US
TODAY'S PAPER
 See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive.
EXPRESS.CO.UK
Daily Express uses notifications to keep you updated