Now 
54
 Sun 
62
 Mon 
63
by RAY LEWIS | The National Desk
TOPICS:
HAZELWOOD, Mo. (TND) — An illegal migrant is facing homicide and assault charges following an investigation into a December car crash that killed a 12-year-old Missouri boy.
Police charged Endrina Bracho with first-degree involuntary manslaughter, second-degree assault, first-degree child endangerment and driving without a license, according to Missouri court records.
Bracho was purportedly driving 75 miles per hour – 35 miles per hour over the speed limit – in the opposite lane when she crashed into a vehicle carrying a family of three, court documents say. Travis Wolfe, the 12-year-old, died on March 6 from his injuries, according to KTVI. Bracho’s two children also suffered serious injuries, court records show.
Wolfe’s parents reportedly experienced a broken sternum, ribs and wrists. Bracho is "here illegally from Venezuela," according to court documents. She awaits trial on $500,000 bail.
READ MORE |Laken Riley's mom calls daughter's killing 'senseless and avoidable'
In a social media post, Missouri Attorney General Andrew Bailey attributed Wolfe’s death to the Biden administration’s policies concerning the southern border.
Americans die due to the administration’s approach to illegal immigration, which prioritizes political benefits over national security, according to the attorney general.
“Illegal immigrants come to our country, kill our children and continue the cycle because Biden refuses to hold them accountable,” Bailey posted on X. “President @JoeBiden and Sec. Mayorkas should be ashamed of themselves for prioritizing political agendas over the safety and well-being of American citizen.”
READ MORE |Illegal migrants convicted of 'violent' felonies would get legal aid under California bill
Republicans have raised concerns about increasing crime amid an influx of migrants while denouncing President Joe Biden’s response to the southern border crisis. A Senate-approved aid package providing provisions for the border, Ukraine and Israel stalled in the House of Representatives due to GOP objections.
Sen. James Lankford, R-Okla. the lead Republican negotiator for the package, has insisted Congress must work together to pass it.
“We have to get Joe Biden enforcing the border with the authorities he has, but we have to fix the loop holes that are currently in the law, regardless of who is president,” Sen.Lankfordsaid. "That involves Congress coming into some bipartisan agreement ... It means we have to sit down together, and figure out what we need to do together and actually pass it.”
Follow Ray Lewis on X for trending national news @rayjlewis or send a tip to rjlewis@sbgtv.com.