Beats by Dre is a recognizable and popular brand, backed by thousands of positive reviews and even big celebrity endorsements over the years; from athletes like LeBron James and UFC fighter Conor McGregor to artists like Lady GaGa and Travis Scott. If you haven't been convinced yet, maybe it's time to finally let the beat drop.
Beats are known for a stylish and high-quality listening experience, and you can save on some of the most popular Beats products out there this Cyber Monday. Whether you're looking for new over-ear headphones, wireless earbuds, or a solid Bluetooth speaker, I've rounded up the best Beats deals I could find today. 
The premiere Beats headphones, Beats Studio Pro, are available on sale today for $159.99, a 54% discount from its usual price. These headphones support two different listening modes using Active Noise Cancelling (ANC), with fully-adaptive ANC and Transparency Mode. 
We picked the Beats Studio Pro as one of the best over ear headphones out there, noting its design and support for lossless audio. Beats Studio Pro are rated for up to 40 hours of total battery life, and you can recharge them quickly. A 10-minute charge will provide up to four hours of additional playback.
If you're looking for a new pair of earbuds, the Beats Studio Buds + is an excellent choice. This updated version of Studio Buds packs in much improved battery life, with up to 36 hours of listening time. Similar to other Beats products, you can quick charge the Studio Buds + to get a few hours of listening in just 10 minutes. 
The Beats Pill is one of the most iconic Bluetooth speakers ever, with a focus on bass and a unique design. This 2024 version of the Beats Pill continues this vision, once again focusing in on the bass and offering an enjoyable listening experience. You can expect up to 24 hours of battery life with this model, which should last you multiple days on a vacation to the beach or somewhere similar. Additionally, the Beats Pill is IP67-rated, so dust and water damage are of no concern. 
Amazon has the Beats Fit Pro headphones on sale for $149 this week ahead of Black Friday. These are some of the best running headphones you can get, especially with the battery life, sound quality, and water resistance. Beats Fit Pro also pack in many of the best features seen in Apple AirPods, like Active Noise Cancellation, Transparency Mode, and Spatial Audio.
Another great option for earbuds is the Beats Studio Buds. These earbuds features both ANC and Transparency listening modes, similar to Apple AirPods. Additionally, the Beats Studio Buds are IPX4-rated, so you can use them for a workout with no issues. This model does have significantly worse battery life than the Studio Buds +, but you still get up to 24 hours between charges. With this model is $50 cheaper than the Studio Buds +, it's a given that some features won't be as good on the Beats Studio Buds.
You can save $100 off the Beats Solo 4 this Black Friday, and this is a deal you won't want to miss. We have the Beats Solo 4 as one of our favorite wireless headphones for 2024, citing the seamless Apple integration and spatial audio support. The Beats Solo 4 is lightweight to maximize comfort, and the battery life is said to last up to 50 hours.
Finally, Amazon has the Beats Flex Wireless Earbuds listed for $39.99 for Cyber Monday. Connected by one continuous wire, these wireless earbuds are perfect for fitness and yardwork. You can put the wire behind your head and out of the way. Inside, the Apple W1 chip allows for easy, instant pairing with Apple devices, and you can share your audio with other Beats or AirPods users.
If you're still searching for the best deals out there today, some of the biggest consoles (i.e. PS5 deals and Switch deals), accessories, bundles and video games are on sale, including FFVII Rebirth, Metaphor: ReFantazio, Astro Bot, and more. See the best Cyber Monday deals under $50 to explore some more great discounts. Trending deals lists:
Beyond games, there are great deals available on streaming subscriptions like Hulu, . With holiday shopping starting now, see IGN's 20 top tech gifts to consider giving this year. You may be able to get some shopping done early while saving some money!
Explore soundbars, more speakers and home entertainment products from Sonos' extended Black Friday sale.
Check out all the other best headphone deals from other brands right now including Bose QuietComfort Wireless Noise Cancelling Headphones for Under $200 at Amazon. And, if you're open to earbuds instead of headphones, Apple's AirPods are selling like crazy right now with AirPods Pro big deal right now.
Noah Hunter is a freelance writer and reviewer with a passion for games and technology. He co-founded Final Weapon, an outlet focused on nonsense-free Japanese gaming (in 2019) and has contributed to various publishers writing about the medium.