By A. JAMES FOR DAILY MAIL AUSTRALIA 
 Published:  06:04, 23 July 2024   |  Updated:  06:10, 23 July 2024   
 1
View  comments
Travis Scott is set to tour Down Under in October - but many of his Aussie fans have been left in the cold.
The 33-year-old US rapper took to his social media on Tuesday to announce he would be adding shows in South America, Australia and New Zealand to his Circus Maximus World Tour.
But unfortunately, the Sicko Mode hitmaker will only be doing gigs in three Australian cities: Sydney, Melbourne and Brisbane.
'South America and Australia, what are we doing?' Scott messaged fans on his Instagram.
'I’ve been wanting to bring an actual tour there forever. Now let’s get it.'
Scott, whose real name is Jacques Bermon Webster II, will begin his tour Down Under in Sydney at Allianz stadium on October 17.
He will then travel to Melbourne for a show at Marvel Stadium on October 22, before wrapping up his Aussie jaunt with a gig at Brisbane's Suncorp Stadium on October 26.
However, fans outside of Australia's eastern states were quick to let Scott know they were disappointed that his tour did not include more shows Down Under.
U.S. rapper Travis Scott is set to tour Down Under in October Pictured: Scott performing in Los Angles in February for the Grammy Awards
The Sicko Mode singer will be doing just three Australian gigs including Sydney , Melbourne and Brisbane for his Aussie jaunt - a decision that has upset his fans in Perth and Adelaide
'What about Perth?' one fan messaged the performer, while another added: 'Typical [that] Perth gets left out.'
The comments come after Paul McCartney, and Taylor Swift skipped the WA capital. In addition, The Jonas Brothers, Sam Smith and Charlie Puth all left Perth fans in the cold.
Meanwhile, the US leg of Scott's Circus Maximus World Tour has already earned the performer an eye-watering $27million reported Perth Now on Tuesday.
His tour announcement comes after an Aussie woman, who describes herself as a 'groupie', revealed some bedroom secrets about Scott.
Scott, real name Jacques Bermon Webster II, will begin his tour Down Under in Sydney at Allianz stadium on October 17. He will then travel to Melbourne for a show at Marvel Stadium on October 22 before wrapping up his Aussie jaunt with a gig at Brisbane Suncorp Stadium on October 26. (Pictured)
Sienna Grace told The Kyle and Jackie O show last week she has had sexual encounters with several celebrities.
But the 29-year-old claimed Travis Scott, who had a high-profile romance with Kylie Jenner was the 'worst celebrity she has ever slept with'.
'Travis, for sure [was the worst]. He didn't put in a lot of effort,' she told co-hosts Kyle Sandilands and Jackie O Henderson.
'Yeah, he didn't really try that hard. And he wasn't packing downstairs either.'
Pre-sale tickets for Scott's Aussie shows are available here.
Big names like Paul McCartney, and Taylor Swift also skipped the WA capital on their recent tours. In addition The Jonas Brothers, Sam Smith and Charlie Puth all left Perth fans in the cold

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group