By GLENN THOMAS FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  22:08, 15 August 2024   |  Updated:  16:10, 21 August 2024   
 49
View  comments
Kylie Jenner was showing off her summer body on the high seas in new images shared on Thursday.
The Kylie Cosmetics mogul, 27, flaunted her taut abs and busty cleavage as she posed in a white bikini for some sizzling photos on a yacht during a lightning storm.
'Mother storm,' Jenner captioned the post with some cloud and lightning emojis.
She wore a white mesh knit bikini top by Australian label Venroy with a matching belt and a billowy white skirt.
Jenner accessorized the look with a pair of silver costume earrings and a matching bangle high on her arm.
Kylie Jenner showed off her taut abs and busty cleavage as she posed in a white Venroy bikini for some sizzling photos on a yacht during a lightning storm
'Mother storm,' Jenner captioned the post with some cloud and lightning emojis
The Kardashians star showed some leg as she posed against the railing of her boat with lightning striking in the background. 
Her latest post comes after she appeared on the cover of British Vogue, addressing speculation that she used Ozempic to get into shape after her last pregnancy.
'I was 200 pounds when I gave birth to my 9 pound babies: 8.3 and 8.9,' Jenner explained. 
'I finally lost all the baby weight after my daughter and then got pregnant with my son two months later,' she added.
Jenner continued, 'And I felt in shape and it was working out, and then I got pregnant and did it all over again. 
'I feel like people didn't give me, or give women in general, enough empathy. I see pictures [online] and people are accusing me of being on drugs or something…'
Clarifying she was referring to the popular weight-loss drug, Jenner said her weight loss was merely pregnancy weight.
'I'm back at my weight I was before I had my daughter and son and people are putting side by sides of me three months postpartum,' said Jenner.
She wore a white mesh knit bikini top with a matching belt and a billowy white skirt
Jenner accessorized the look with a pair of silver costume earrings and a matching bangle high on her arm. The Kardashians star showed some leg as she posed against the railing of her boat with lightning striking in the background
Her latest post comes after she appeared on the cover of British Vogue, addressing speculation that she used Ozempic to get into shape after her last pregnancy
'I'm like: "Does everyone forget that I had two children and I gained 60 pounds both pregnancies?"'   
Jenner shares daughter Stormi, 6, and 2-year-old son Aire with ex Travis Scott.
The mother-of-two has been romantically linked to Timothée Chalamet since April 2023.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group