case dismissed
The Astroworld Festival seen here in happier times.
The one remaining wrongful death lawsuit filed after 10 people were killed during a deadly crowd crush at the 2021 Astroworld music festival has been settled, an attorney said Thursday.
Jury selection in the lawsuit filed by the family of 9-year-old Ezra Blount, the youngest person killed during the concert by rapper Travis Scott, had been set to begin Sept. 10.
But S. Scott West, an attorney for Blount’s family, said a settlement was reached this week.
Blount’s family had sued Scott, Live Nation — the festival’s promoter and the world’s largest live entertainment company — and other companies and individuals connected to the event, including Apple Inc., which livestreamed the concert.
“The family will continue its journey to heal, but never forget the joy that Ezra brought to everyone around him,” West said in an email.
Treston Blount, Ezra’s father, had said that during the Nov. 5, 2021, concert, his son was sitting on his shoulders when they were crushed by the crowd. Treston Blount lost consciousness and when he came to, Ezra was missing. A frantic search ensued until Ezra was eventually found at a Houston hospital, severely injured. The boy, who was from Dallas, died several days later.
The lawsuit filed by Blount’s family was one of 10 wrongful death civil suits filed after the deadly concert.
Earlier this month, lawyers had announced that the other nine wrongful death lawsuits had been settled in connection with the concert.
Terms of the settlements in all 10 lawsuits were confidential.
The settlement of the lawsuit filed by Blount’s family was first reported by the Houston Chronicle.
Attorneys for Live Nation, Scott and others have declined to comment in the case because of a gag order that limits what they can say outside court.
About 2,400 injury cases filed after the deadly concert remain pending. More than 4,000 plaintiffs filed hundreds of lawsuits after the Astroworld crowd crush.
Earlier this month, state District Judge Kristen Hawkins, who is presiding over the litigation, had scheduled the first trial related to the injury cases for Oct. 15. That trial was set to focus on seven injury cases. It was not clear on Thursday if that trial date would remain or be moved up with the settlement in the Blount lawsuit.
So far, no lawsuit has gone before a jury. One wrongful death lawsuit — filed by the family of 23-year-old Houston resident Madison Dubiski — was days away from going to trial earlier this month before it was delayed and then settled.
Lawyers for the plaintiffs in the lawsuits have alleged in court filings that the deaths and hundreds of injuries at the concert were caused by negligent planning and a lack of concern over capacity and safety at the event.
Scott, Live Nation and the others who’ve been sued have denied these claims, saying safety was their No. 1 concern. They said what happened could not have been foreseen.
After a police investigation, a grand jury last year declined to indict Scott, along with five others connected to the festival.
finding furr-ever homes
It's a sad fact that stray, pregnant dogs are often the most difficult animals to adopt out.  Tito’s Vodka for Dog People (VFDP) and Houston-based nonprofit Three Little Pitties Rescue have teamed up to create a new "mutt-ernity" makeover suite aimed at helping these pups find forever homes. 
“The investment from Tito’s Handmade Vodka has propelled the rescue's ability to completely change the future for thousands of puppies and mommy dogs in the Houston area," said Alayna Matranga Goodson, executive director at Three Little Pitties Rescue. "One right after the other, we are able to move in desperate nursing or pregnant dogs that have nowhere else to turn, and give them a comfortable and safe environment to have their babies. We are thrilled to have VFDP come in and revitalize the nurseries to make it a welcoming and joyful-looking environment not only for the dogs but also for the staff and volunteers who care for them. The time, attention, and investment from Tito's boost the morale among our team and validate the work that we are doing. We are honored to have Tito's trust to take this investment and save lives with it.”
The new suite includes better staging areas for photos so that dogs can reach more potential adopters, improved grooming facilities, a dedicated puppy-cuddling area for volunteers (always a top priority), and a new mural. 
The suite is already a success. The Tito’s team and Three Little Pitties recently rescued Lucy, a stray who was forced to give birth to her litter in a landfill. Lucy received treatment and grooming at the mutt-ernity suite, and she and her litter are currently thriving. Another dog, a pit bull mix named Ruby, was treated and housed at the suite before being flown to Washington after a family there adopted her. 
“Three Little Pitties has created something truly special – a safe, welcoming place for one of the most overlooked dog populations: stray pregnant dogs," said Beth Bellanti, program director for Tito’s Vodka for Dog People, in a statement. "Their work ensures that these dogs can safely bring their puppies into the world and find the loving homes they deserve. It's a one-of-a-kind mission, and we’re incredibly honored to help support it.""
Tito's is a vodka brand founded in Austin in 1997 by Tito Beveridge. The VFDP program has been part of the company almost since its founding, and has headed multiple homeless pet projects across Texas, including tens of thousands of spays and neuters. Three Little Pitties is one of Houston's best-known non-profit animal rescues, specializing in pit bulls.