Manage your account
More from Footwear News
NFL Star Justin Jefferson Sends a Message to His Detractors in Custom Under Armour Football Cleats
Jordan Chiles Debuted Never-Before-Seen Nikes During Pre-NYFW First Pitch
Deion Sanders' First-Ever Nike Sneaker Is Finally Coming Back Next Year
Known for his exceptional work as a tight end for the Kansas City Chiefs and boyfriend to renowned pop star Taylor Swift, Travis Kelce is a man who appreciates his footwear.
Kelce boasts strong footwear choices both on and off the football field, making him a strong contender for most-fashionable NFL player. Standing at 6’5, the athlete wields a striking size 14 or 15 size shoe, but that depends on the brand.
Although a size 15 is eyebrow-raising, Kelce isn’t the NFL player with the biggest size shoe. That title, according to NBC Sports, is reserved for Jordan Mailata of the Philadelphia Eagles who wears a hefty size 18 shoe. What Kelce lacks in shoe size, he makes up for in stylish footwear picks.
Both on and off the field, you’ll usually find the football star in an array of styles from Nike, given he signed a footwear and apparel deal with the brand upon entering the NFL in 2013. Since then, both powerhouses have collaborated giving Kelce a signature line and Nike Alpha Menace 4 Elite player-exclusive cleats in a “Travis Kelce” colorway. Nike styles Kelce has worn recently have included Cactus Plant Flea Market x Nike Air Force 1 Low Premium, Nike Mars Yard 2.0 and Air Jordan 1 Low x Travis Scott Black Phantom sneakers.
Off-season, Kelce can be found in a variety of footwear styles hailing from brands like Gucci, Converse and Christian Louboutin. Whether he’s braving the stage during his girlfriend’s “Eras Tour” or attending a basketball game sat courtside, Kelce prioritizes stylish footwear in an array of unique colorways.
In an interview with Vanity Fair, Kelce revealed that he’s an avid online shopper and that he is constantly scrolling and adding to to his cart. So much so that he converted a bedroom in his home into a massive walk-in closet where he houses an estimated 300 pairs of sneakers in both size 14 and 15.
“Travis has a clear vision for his personal aesthetic and definitely styles himself,” said Danielle Salzedo, Kelce’s stylist, in an interview with Us Weekly in 2023. “I know what he likes, and I find him options with brands we know are his vibe — while also looking for new ones yet to be discovered.”
Kelce has had some fun red carpet moments, wearing mustard-color boots to the 2023 CMT Music Awards and black dress shoes to the Vanity Fair Oscar Party last year. But finding shoes for someone with his shoe size isn’t always easy. However, Salzedo said that designers and brands were starting to wake up to how influential athletes have been when it comes to style.
“His dress shoe size is 15,” Salzedo added to Us Weekly. “Those red carpet moments take a little bit of planning and sourcing. Fortunately, a lot of the designers now are realizing that the tunnel moments with the athletes are major fashion stages and are beginning to cater to larger athletes.”
Launch Gallery: Travis Kelce's Sporty Style Over The Years: Sneakers, Loafers & More
Best of Footwear News
Emily Ratajkowski's Shoe Style Evolution
Beyoncé’s Favorite Shoe Styles Over the Years
The Best Shoes at the Venice Film Festival Through the Years
Sign up for FN's Newsletter. For the latest news, follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram.