She’s really milking it.
Kourtney Kardashian pumped breast milk for her son Rocky in a new photo shared to her Instagram Wednesday.
“That’s life,” the Poosh founder, 44, captioned a slideshow highlighting some of her recent motherhood moments.
In the pumping snap, Kardashian pulled down the straps of her black lace lingerie so she could use a Medela Harmony Manual Breast Pump.
She used her arm to cover her bare chest and finished the leggy look with black pointed-toe kitten heels adorned with bows. She wore her hair in soft waves and had a full face of glam.
The Hulu personality also included a few blurry photos of herself and her husband, Travis Barker, on a romantic walk while pushing Rocky in a stroller around their neighborhood.
She also posted a snap of her staircase lined with hundreds of roses from the Blink-182 drummer, 48, as well as a snap of 4-month-old Rocky’s hand clutching his dad’s chain necklace.
Fans were left concerned over Kardashian’s photo of an X-ray of a broken arm, though she did not divulge more information about the medical mishap.
Supporters flooded the comments section of the post to gush over the “Kardashians” star’s stylish breast-pumping moment.
“That’s my sister!!!” Khloé Kardashian wrote.
“The glam pump sesh,” a fan commented, adding emojis of clapping hands.
“LOVE the pump picture. Women deserve to be worshipped. Our bodies literally create and grow life and then feed it… with the same body,” a second wrote.
“Pumping and looking amazing! Why not show it off, thank you for normalising [sic] pumping and breastfeeding,” another Instagram user added.
‘Kourtney is a sexy mumma!” one more chimed in.
One hater claimed Kourtney was seeking attention with the snap, writing, “Full make up and heels to show us she uses a breast pump? The things people do for applause.”
However, several of the Lemme creator’s fans jumped to her defense.
“so the only way we should applaud a woman pumping is if she’s without makeup and in comfy clothes? F–k that! She’s feeding her baby and looks amazing doing it. Good for her,” a social media user responded.
For more Page Six you love…
“It’s a normal mom thing. what’s the problem? it’s her life. let her live lol,” another agreed.
Kourtney and Barker, who got married in May 2022, welcomed their first baby together in November 2023.
The “Keeping Up With The Kardashians” alum had documented her difficult journey to getting pregnant before announcing that she decided to stop IVF treatments.
Kourtney revealed she was expecting in June 2023 and later confirmed that they had conceived their baby naturally.
The reality TV star had to undergo emergency fetal surgery in September, which saved her baby’s life.
Kourtney also shares three kids with her ex-partner Scott Disick: sons Mason, 14, and Reign, 9, and daughter Penelope, 11.
Meanwhile, the musician is the father of son Landon, 20, and daughter Alabama, 18, whom he shares with his ex-wife Shanna Moakler.
Barker is also a stepfather to Moakler’s 24-year-old daughter, Atiana, whom she shares with her ex Oscar De La Hoya.
Advertisement