The electric pickup was modified by Platinum Motorsport and has wheels with a solid disc design                        
With more money than she probably knows what to do with, Kim Kardashian has a large fleet of cars and, over the past few years, has had many of them painted in the same shade of grey. The latest addition to her fleet is a Tesla Cybertruck and it too has been modified, ensuring it stands out from the rest out there.
Kim K’s Cybertruck has been made even more eye-catching because it no longer has exposed stainless steel panels. It doesn’t have a wrap from Tesla or an aftermarket vinyl, either. Instead, the electric pickup has been painted.
Read: Meet The Aggressively Grey Mercedes-Maybach S580 That Kim Kardashian Says Is Her Favorite Car
Each and every Cybertruck to leave Tesla’s factory has the same stainless parts. Tesla does offer wraps for the EV, as do dozens of aftermarket firms, but painting Kim’s one makes it unique. Platinum Motorsport hasn’t detailed the process of giving the Cybertruck its first taste of paint, but it likely needed to first lay down a layer of special primer to ensure the paint would stick to the slick panels.
The matte grey finish is very similar to the grey finish of other cars the model owns, including a Lamborghini Urus, Mercedes-Maybach S 580, and Rolls-Royce Phantom.
A post shared by The Platinum Group (@platinum_group)
The pickup also sits on a set of huge 26-inch Forgiato wheels that form part of the Travis Scott collection. These wheels have a solid disc design and have been made complete with floating center caps.
You may also notice the truck is sitting much lower than a regular Cybertruck. Tesla has equipped the pickup with adaptive air suspension, but even in its lowest setting, we’re not sure it sits this low. This could be a bit of an optical illusion, however, as the pickup’s standard black bumpers, fender flares, and side skirts are no longer black and have been painted to match the rest of the body.
A post shared by The Platinum Group (@platinum_group)

Google News


MSN Start


                                        Brad Anderson's lifelong affair and fascination with cars started young. Before even graduating high school,...                                         
Read full bio