By Rick Scavetta, U.S. Army Garrison Italy Public Affairs OfficeDecember 6, 2024
VICENZA, Italy – Seventeen Italian leaders joined U.S. Army Garrison Italy Thursday evening for a Mayor’s Summit, a chance to review recent partnership events and look for future community activities between Americans and Italians.
The group, that included mayors, deputy mayors and council members from Vicenza and the surrounding communities, joined two dozen U.S. military commanders from their partner units on Caserma Ederle, Caserma Del Din and Caserma Miotto.
“Their presence in such large numbers is a testimony to our common commitment to the welfare of the Vicenza area - of which the Americans have been an important part for more than seven decades,” said Col. Scott Horrigan, commander of U.S. Army Garrison Italy.
The afternoon event began with informal discussions over food and drinks as holiday music played. Once everyone had gathered, Horrigan, speaking entirely in Italian, highlighted more than 30 community partnership events since July. Each interaction was unique.
For example, Lt. Col. Rich Smith, commander of the 522nd Military Intelligence Battalion wearing a Hawaiian shirt to his first office call Arcugnano Town Hall, to meet Mayor Marco Carollo. Smith hails from Hawaii and wanted to bring that spirit to the new friendship. Smith’s Soldiers also supported Arcugnano to set up their Christmas market.
Mayor Giuliano Stivan of Dueville, who played ragtime piano to greet Lt. Col. Sheldon Broedel, commander of the 2nd Battalion, 503rd Infantry Regiment during his recent visit to the town hall.
Besides the social gathering among the leaders, the Italian guests were invited to enjoy the Caserma Ederle Christmas Tree lighting event, a holiday market and a concert by the rock band Vertical Horizon, who flew from America to provide entertainment during their 35th tour of military facilities since their inception.
Camisano Vicentino Mayor, Renzo Marangon, whose town is partnered with the 54th Brigade Engineer Battalion, recently attend the command’s formal dance and visited Caserma Del Din with several council members. He’s also attended previous mayors’ summits.
“I am grateful for the opportunity to represent the Camisano Vicentino community at these events and strengthen the bond of friendship with American soldiers and families in Vicenza,” Marangon said. “I am honored by our special relationship with the 54th [Brigade Engineer] Battalion and appreciate the opportunity to work together on new initiatives that bring us ever closer.”