Also this week in publishing news: PULSE forms a joint venture with Gabe Simon, Austin Corona signs with Sony/Bossy and more.

													By
												

	Kristin Robinson

Senior Writer

Sony Music Publishing (SMP) has signed a global deal with Mike Dean and several members of his producer collective MWA, including Sean Solymar, Tommy Rush and Sage Skolfield. The deal also includes a new strategic partnership between SMP and MWA to foster the creative development of its new talent. Dean is one of the most influential producers working today. Since the ’90s, he’s defined the sound of hip-hop. He started his career in the Houston area working with Southern rap icons like Scarface, Ugk and Devin The Dude. Since then, Dean has worked across nearly the entire discography of Ye (formerly Kanye West) as well as on pivotal albums like Travis Scott’s ASTROWORLD, Beyoncé’s Lemonade, Frank Ocean’s Blonde, The Weeknd’s Beauty Behind the Madness and many more.

EMPIRE Publishing has entered a global publishing partnership with two-time GRAMMY winner Billy Ray Cyrus. The voice behind hits like “Achy Breaky Heart” and Lil Nas X’s “Old Town Road” remix, Cyrus is set to release his next song, “Remember Why You’re Here,” on Nov. 22.




			Trending on Billboard		






PULSE Music Group has formed a creative joint venture with songwriter/producer Gabe Simon and his publishing entity Abide By the Vibe. Simon is best known for co-writing and co-producing Noah Kahan’s hit album Stick Season along with Kahan’s previous LPs. The first two signings to the PULSE Music Group/Abide By the Vibe JV are Noah Levine (another Kahan co-writer) and Sam “HAFFWAY” Westhoff (a Nashville-based writer, producer and artist).

Bossy Songs (the publishing venture founded by RECORDS CEO and co-founder Barry Weiss) and Sony Music Publishing have extended their joint publishing venture and announced the signing of writer/producer Austin Corona. Corona is perhaps best known for his work on Halsey’s latest album, The Great Impersonator, (“Panic Attack,” “Ego,” “Darwinism,” “Lonely is the Muse”), but he has also worked on Zara Larsson’s Venus, Jean Dawson’s CHAOS NOW and GLIMMER OF GOD, and Peter McPoland’s “Piggy.” Frequently, Corona works alongside his production partner, Wyatt Bernard, who is signed to Sony Music Publishing. The roster for Bossy Songs now includes Corona, Dan Gleyzer, Cheyenna, Michael Sonier, Cody Tarpley and IDA.

The Ivors Academy, the U.K.’s premier songwriting advocacy organization, has elected 40 songwriters and composers to its members Senate. This group includes English star Paloma Faith, Ivor Novello Award winners Kamille and Tinie Tempah, fellow of The Ivors Academy David Arnold, and current Ivors Academy Chair and founding member of Gomez Tom Gray. Elected once every three years, the Senate provides feedback that influences the direction of the Ivors Academy and its positions on key issues like AI, creator remuneration, the future of public funding for the arts and more.

peermusic latin america has signed AQUIHAYAQUIHAY, Un León Marinero and Foudeqush to exclusive worldwide publishing deals. The trio was signed by peermusic Mexico, with the deals encompassing existing song catalogs and future works. “peermusic Mexico is proud to add to its roster these latest signings which showcase the variety and breath of Mexican music’s contemporary talents and our office’s commitment towards supporting our rich local heritage,” said Viridiana Gonzalez, GM of peermusic Mexico, in a statement.

Universal Music Publishing Group has signed Tim Powell in collaboration with Organized Chaos. Powell is a British songwriting talent who has lent his pen to songs like “Hole in the Head” and “Round Round” by Sugababes, “Call the Shots” by Girls Aloud, “Love etc.” by Pet Shop Boys, “Picking Up the Pieces” by Saint Etienne, “Change Your Life” by Little Mix and “Head & Heart” by Joel Corry & MNEK.

Warner Chappell Music and Twelve6 Entertainment have signed singer-songwriter Ben Wagner to a global publishing deal. Wagner is a rising talent in Nashville and is best known for his work with Wyatt Flores on his songs for Netflix’s Virgin River and Ordinary Angels. 

Sony Music Publishing Indonesia (SMPI) today announced the signing of acclaimed Indonesian singer, songwriter and actor Sal Priadi to an exclusive global publishing agreement. The landmark deal sees Sal Priadi’s entire back catalog coming under the SMPI umbrella.
Daily newsletters straight to your inbox
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.