Capital XTRA




                
                    Afrobeats with Afro B
                
                

11pm - 1am


TGIF

                        

    
    Glorilla
    

                    

Download 'TGIF' on iTunes



                        
                            News
                            



21 August 2024, 15:45 | Updated: 15 October 2024, 12:34
Tyla reacts to 'Water' going viral, dance challenges & the biggest celebs in her DMs💿
Who is 'Water' singer Tyla dating in 2024 and what is her relationship history? Here's everything you need to know about the South African singer's dating history. 
Singer Tyla has had a huge breakout year - from winning a Grammy award for her viral song 'Water', and having released her self-titled album earlier this year, followed up by a deluxe in October 2024. 
She has been linked to the likes of fellow musicians Chris Brown, Rema and Travis Scott, and has been hanging out with some of the biggest musicians in the industry. 
The 22-year-old has kept her private life, which includes relationships, pretty quiet. So, who is Tyla dating and does she have a boyfriend?
As of early 2024, Tyla has revealed that she is single and not in a relationship.
On an episode of the 'We Need To Talk' podcast, the 22-year-old said "I don’t have a boyfriend" when asked about dating rumours. 
However, fans think she may be dating a guy named Geo, after the pair were pictured together in numerous snaps and videos. 
Tyla and her boyfriend Geo pic.twitter.com/kkAtPsTy5W
Not much is known about Geo, however he did feature in Tyla's music video earlier this year for 'Truth or Dare'.
Tyla's rumoured boyfriend Geo can be found on Instagram @ayyogeo, where he boats over 60,000 followers.
The 22-year-old singer does follow him, and recently posted a photo dump of him in Japan coincidentally the same time as Tyla.
Tyla was rumoured to be dating Afrobeats star Rema after paparazzi pictures went viral of the pair holding hands after one of his concert shows. 
She addressed the rumours in a podcast called We Need To Talk, and put the speculation to rest. 
“Rema and I are just friends, we are not dating" 
Rema & Tyla 🌹 pic.twitter.com/apCKvepxRy
Tyla and Travis Scott have been linked together, after the 'Goosebumps' rapper hopped on the remix to Tyla's viral track 'Water'. 
They have also released a steamy music video, seeing the pair get close to each other in the video. 
Late last year, the pair posed for a picture at the GQ Men of the Year afterparty in Los Angeles, however there has been no confirmation from either party about the dating rumours. 
Rumours of a relationship between Chris Brown and Tyla started whirring in 2023 after the 'Water' singer supported Breezy on his UK & Europe tour.
However, the pair appear to be just friends, and keep relationship to work pals. 
A post shared by Tyla (@tyla)
See more Latest Music News
Tickets
Tickets
Tickets