Ultra International Music Publishing (UIMP) announced an expanded partnership with prominent hip-hop producer and songwriter Wheezy, which covers the acquisition of 427 songs from his catalog.
The catalog features collaborations with artists like Drake, Travis Scott, and Lil Uzi Vert. The deal — financial terms of which were not disclosed — also covers a new agreement for future works.
Wheezy, hailing from Mississippi, initially joined Ultra Publishing in 2018 and has since established himself in the hip-hop scene.
His songwriting credits include tracks for artists such as Drake, Lil Uzi Vert, Young Thug, and Lil Baby, while his production skills have been showcased on Billboard Hot 100 hits like Yes Indeed by Lil Baby and Drake and Going Bad by Meek Mill featuring Drake.
“No one produces hip-hop like Wheezy. Year on year his songwriting and productions get stronger, we’re very excited to extend our relationship with Wheezy and his manager Manny Halley.”
Patrick Moxey, ULTRA Publishing
“Ultra Publishing is proud to have a relationship with one of the best hip-hop producers in the world with Wheezy,” ULTRA Publishing Founder & President Patrick Moxey said.
“No one produces hip-hop like Wheezy. Year on year his songwriting and productions get stronger, we’re very excited to extend our relationship with Wheezy and his manager Manny Halley and continue to be a part of his amazing success.”
Wheezy also commented on the partnership, saying, “I am excited to renew my publishing partnership with Ultra. Since day one they have been an integral part of my career and I’m looking forward to this next chapter of success.”
“The timing was right for a deal like this, giving my client an opportunity to cash in on his success while he’s still in his prime.”
Manny Halley, Wheezy’s Manager
Andreas Rizek, ULTRA Publishing’s Head of A&R, North America, added: “It’s rare that you get to work with an ever-evolving talent like Wheezy. Since he joined the company in 2018, he hasn’t just been at the forefront of hip-hop, but has helped push the boundaries of where music can go.”
“I am excited to renew my publishing partnership with Ultra. Since day one they have been an integral part of my career and I’m looking forward to this next chapter of success.”
Wheezy
“The timing was right for a deal like this, giving my client an opportunity to cash in on his success while he’s still in his prime,” shares Wheezy manager Manny Halley. “I’m thankful that Patrick and Andreas and the Ultra team had the vision to get this done.”
The acquisition of Wheezy’s catalog marks UIMP’s latest venture after buying the catalog of Atlanta-based Grammy-winning producer Zaytoven in January 2023, and launching a music publishing company, called Hidden Gem, in March 2023 in partnership with Los Angeles-based producer Diamond Pistols.
Also last year, UIMP expanded into West Africa after opening a new creative hub in Nigeria.
Music Business Worldwide
Stay on top of the real stories shaping the music industry: Join over 60,000 industry professionals who rely on MBW's FREE daily newsletter and alert emails for essential insights and breaking news.