The home is now up for sale at $17.995 million
 The California home that Kylie Jenner and Travis Scott once shared is back on the market!

 Sitting in Beverly Hills and boasting seven bedrooms and 11 bathrooms, the home has been relisted for $17.995 million, realtor Josh Altman shared on Instagram Wednesday.

 "Conveniently located moments away from world-class shopping, dining, and entertainment, this remarkable estate embodies the epitome of luxury living in one of Los Angeles’ most coveted neighborhoods," Altman wrote. "Don’t miss the opportunity to experience the pinnacle of luxury living."

 The home initially hit the market at $21.9 million in October 2022. It was relisted in April 2023 for $19.9 million before the listing was removed that September.

 The former couple purchased the home for $13.5 million in October 2018 — just months after they welcomed Stormi, their first child together. They welcomed a second child, son Aire, in February 2022, and a source confirmed to PEOPLE that they were no longer together in January 2023.

 When The Kardashians star, 26, and rapper, 32, purchased the home, a source told PEOPLE that they split the cost and that "they got a good deal" since "the house had been on the market for one and a half years."

 "Kylie is a tough negotiator and business woman. She wanted the house and got a good price for it. She did buy it with Travis. They mostly bought it as an investment, but it seems they plan on staying there too," the source said.

 The home lies behind a privately gated driveway with an open floor plan with high ceilings. Its primary residence has six bedrooms and nine bathrooms, along with a gourmet chef’s kitchen with high-end appliances.

 Inside the primary suite are spa-like bathrooms, closets with ample storage space, and a sitting area with a fireplace.

 Apart from having a guest house and being equipped with smart home technology, the property also has a private home theater, wine cellar, and a three-car garage.

 The interior of the home was decorated with an "organic modern" style, by Meridith Baer.

 Never miss a story — sign up for PEOPLE's free daily newsletter to stay up-to-date on the best of what PEOPLE has to offer, from juicy celebrity news to compelling human interest stories.

 "We wanted to nod to Kylie's love of the blush and nude colors that she uses in her skincare line," the Meridith Baer Home founder told PEOPLE in November 2022. "Overall, the style is what we would call organic modern. So a lot of the furniture is very, very natural, peaceful, simple. At the same time, we have edgy, bold art and a lot of unique pottery pieces."

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)