Forward returned to ice this season following back surgeries that kept him out 22 months
                

©
              Steph Chambers/Getty Images
            
Sean Couturier was named the 20th captain in the history of the Philadelphia Flyers on Wednesday.
"I found out right before practice [Wednesday]," Couturier said Thursday prior to the Flyers playing the Toronto Maple Leafs at Scotiabank Arena (7 p.m. ET; TSN4, NBCSP). "Had a meeting, [coach John Tortorella] announced it. Really honored to have the 'C.' It's going to be business as usual. We have a good thing going on right now, just have to keep it rolling."
The 31-year-old forward is Philadelphia's first captain since Claude Giroux (2012-22) was traded to the Florida Panthers on March 19, 2022.
"I played with him for 11 years, 10 years," Couturier said. "Definitely a great guy, great leader. Really competitive guy. would be there for his teammates, definitely learned a lot from him. Got a little bit to be around Chris Pronger too, early in my career. I've been around some good veterans and I've definitely learned a lot as I've grown into this league.
"[Giroux] texted me last night, congratulated me and was happy for me."
Couturier, who was selected by the Flyers with the No. 8 pick in the 2011 NHL Draft, has 33 points (11 goals, 22 assists) in 50 games this season after missing the previous 22 months while recovering from back surgery to repair a herniated disk, which he had to repeat after eight months of continued pain, numbness and migraine headaches from leaking spinal fluid.
"I think our [dressing] room has grown," Tortorella said. "We subtracted last summer in order to get our room in order. It's grown and I think it's time that we added to the leadership group. Sean's handled himself very well since he's come back. I think he's very well-respected in the room. That's the choice."
A two-time 30-goal scorer (2017-18, 2018-19) and the winner of the Selke Trophy as the best defensive forward in the NHL in 2019-20, Couturier has 493 points (191 goals, 302 assists) in 771 regular-season games, and 22 points (10 goals, 12 assists) in 39 Stanley Cup Playoff games.
"Sean Couturier is an ideal choice to be the next leader of the Philadelphia Flyers," Flyers general manager Daniel Briere said. "Sean was drafted here and has made Philadelphia his home. I have personally seen his development from a responsible forward to one of the best two-way centermen in the game and a playoff performer. The adversity he has had to overcome has only strengthened his proven leadership. In this New Era of Orange with Dan Hilferty, Keith Jones and John Tortorella at the helm, we couldn't be more proud to call him captain."
Travis Konecny was named an alternate captain, and Scott Laughton will remain one.
"'TK' has brought a different level of game and attitude toward us, I think he deserves to be part of that group with the letter," Tortorella said. "That's not the whole leadership group. There's other people, but as far as the letters are concerned we feel comfortable with these three.
"He's by example. He's got an engine on him that doesn't stop. He's made big plays at key times, does everything for us. He's a penalty killer for us, power play. I'd hate to think where we'd be if we didn't have his energy in our lineup. Not so much him talking, just what he is as a pro, what he's become as a pro and I think there's more there."
Philadelphia (29-19-6), which hasn't qualified for the playoffs since 2019-20, is third in the Metropolitan Division, six points ahead of the New Jersey Devils.
There are four NHL teams without a captain: the Anaheim Ducks, Arizona Coyotes, Chicago Blackhawks and Seattle Kraken.
“It’s such a great honor,” Couturier said. “It’s a really prestigious organization so this makes it even more special. This city is my home and I love it here. It’s going to be business as usual for me. Nothing is really going to change from me or my game and how I approach things. I love my teammates, how we have grown as a group and I want to make sure we keep going on the right path here.”
NHL.com deputy managing editor Adam Kimelman contributed to this report