She brought lots of style power to celebrity row in sequin boots
Every product on this page was chosen by a Harper's BAZAAR editor. We may earn commission on some of the items you choose to buy.
Jennifer Lopez enjoyed some quality bonding time with her hubby, Ben Affleck, and his son, Samuel Garner Affleck.
They took their small blended family affair courtside at Los Angeles’s Crypto.com Arena on Saturday night to watch the L.A. Lakers take on the Golden State Warriors—and lose, 128–121. The three showed a range of emotions as they watched the action intensely, reacting with lots of big smiles and cheers. Bennifer looked cozy, Affleck putting his arm around his wife and Lopez resting her hand on his knee.
As always, the “On the Floor” hitmaker brought some style power to celebrity row, making a statement in ultra-baggy jeans with a high-waisted button-fly construction, a simple white cropped T-shirt, a champagne-colored tweed jacket, and—for some va-va-voom—sparkly sequin-adorned iridescent blue boots with a pointed-toe construction and tall wedge heel. She finished off the look with large yellow-tinted shades, oversize chunky gold hoops, and a long chain necklace with a crucifix charm. She glammed up with bronzy makeup and wore her hair down and straight with a middle part.
The Gone Girl star went casual beside her in a red, blue, and beige flannel layered over a simple white tank top, paired with a navy-blue wool coat, matching slacks, and a midnight-blue Hood baseball cap with the name of his and Matt Damon’s production venture, Artists Equity, across the front in red and white letters. Affleck rocked his own cool footwear: a pair of Travis Scott’s Nike SB Dunk Low sneakers. Samuel, 12, went full sporty-suave in a vibrant blue tracksuit, composed of joggers with “Warriors” down one leg in yellow letters and a hoodie with an image of Golden State point guard Stephan Curry across the front, paired with a matching baseball cap and green Nike sneakers with electric-orange and highlighter-yellow laces.
The game was a star-studded affair, with Kim Kardashian and son Saint West, eight, as well as Bad Bunny, also in attendance.
Bennifer enjoyed a fuller blended family outing back in January. The couple was joined by Affleck’s ex-wife, Jennifer Garner, Samuel, and his sister Seraphina, 15, as well as Lopez’s child Emme, 16, whom the star shares with ex-husband Marc Anthony. Affleck and Garner’s third and oldest child, 18-year-old Violet Anne, was not present for the outing, nor was Emme’s twin, Max.
Lopez reflected on their blended family while appearing on Live With Kelly and Mark in 2023: “That’s almost five teenagers. The youngest is 11, so he’s not quite [a teen], but preteen. He’s an angel.”
She continued: “The teenage years are tough. They start challenging you and everything. You have this baby for a while and then it’s like your best little friend who loves being with you all the time, and all of a sudden they’re like, ‘Get out of my room.’ ”
Nicola Coughlan’s Dress Is Taller Than Her
Florence Pugh's Dress Gives Old Hollywood Charm
Dua Lipa Wows in a Chocolate Mesh Dress
Blake Lively Is Radiant in Two Spring Looks
Blake Lively Goes Method in Fitted Suit
Princess Kate Is Country Club-Chic in Ireland
Rumi Joins Beyoncé and Blue Ivy on Stage
Bella Hadid Proves the Western Look Can Be So Chic
Duchess Meghan Wishes She Had Met Princess Diana
Duchess Meghan Receives a Letter From Her Kids
Kylie Jenner Heralds the Onset of Summer in White
Meghan Markle Says She Emails Her Kids Every Night
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.