Taylor Swift has arrived!
After wrapping up four back-to-back Eras Tour dates in Tokyo, the 14-time Grammy winner was spotted arriving at Las Vegas’ Allegiant Stadium ahead of Super Bowl LVIII.
The singer wore a gold “87” necklace to rep her beau, Travis Kelce’s, jersey number, along with a red jacket stitched with “60” across the back, a black corset top and crystal-embellished jeans as she made her way into the stadium with Blake Lively, Ice Spice and her mom, Andrea Swift, by her side. 
Her Sin City arrival follows an initial 10-hour flight to Los Angeles on Saturday, which she reportedly caught about an hour after her final concert ended. 
The flight had her traveling through multiple time zones, allowing her to make it back to the States about 24 hours before the big game commences. 
After spending the night in LA, the singer jumped on another one-hour flight to Vegas. 
Swift’s appearance at Super Bowl 2024, which is being held at Allegiant Stadium, will be her lucky number 13th time rooting on her boyfriend and the Kansas City Chiefs this NFL season.
She has become a staple in the VIP suites at Chiefs games ever since she and Kelce, both 34, debuted their romance in September 2023, when she showed up to his game against the Chicago Bears.
The “Bad Blood” singer last watched the tight end defeat the Baltimore Ravens 17-10 at the AFC Championship game on Feb. 28.  
She joined Travis and his family on the field to celebrate the victory and made headlines for seemingly calling his father, Ed Kelce, “Dad,” and for the several passionate smooches they shared. 
Ahead of Super Bowl LVIII, Travis confirmed he would be securing a VIP suite for his family and friends after his mother, Donna Kelce, said the championship game might be too expensive for her to obtain a box. 
According to TMZ, Travis invited Taylor’s parents, Andrea and Scott Swift, her brother, Austin, and his girlfriend, Sydney, to sit with his parents, plus his brother, Philadelphia Eagles center Jason Kelce, and his sister-in-law, Kylie, at the big game. 
With the potential of him earning his third Super Bowl ring, a reporter asked Travis earlier this week if he had a ring for the “Midnights” singer in mind as rumors of an engagement swirl. 
“I’m focused on getting this ring, and that’s all that my mind’s focused on right now,” he confirmed.
The pair first connected in July 2023 and haven’t been shy about showing off their love ever since going public with their romance.
Page Six exclusively revealed that the pair has engagement plans in mind, but not for the Super Bowl.
“Taylor and Travis discussed it and there is a plan,” a person close to the famous couple told us in January.
“They will get engaged on their one-year anniversary in July.”
Advertisement