SACRAMENTO—With the state facing a significant budget deficit, California’s Appropriations committees held May 16 more than 300 bills with fiscal impacts during the first of two annual so-called suspense file hearings.
Known as “suspense day,” the hearings are a fast-paced run-through of bills placed on suspense because they impact the general fund by $50,000 or any fund by $150,000.
No debate or discussions are allowed, as bills are passed or held with votes already pre-determined in most instances.
Citing budget constraints and spending concerns, lawmakers held nearly 32 percent of the bills under consideration—approximately 7 percent more proposals than the historical average.
The Assembly’s Appropriations Committee ultimately passed 435 bills to the floor for consideration while holding 233 measures.
Notable bills held include Assembly Bill 2200—authored by Assemblyman Ash Kalra to provide guaranteed healthcare for all.
Additionally, a bill introduced after a similar measure was vetoed last year by California Gov. Gavin Newsom—Assembly Bill 2415 would provide cash assistance to aged, blind, and disabled illegal immigrants—was also held.
Another that will instruct public schools to consider the impact of homework on students and emphasize quality over quantity for outside assignments, Assembly Bill 2999, will also proceed to the Assembly floor for debate.
On the Senate side, that body’s Appropriations Committee held 87 bills out of 341 considered.
“What a great victory for Californians,” Frank Lee—chairman for the California Coalition Against Drugs—said in a statement emailed to The Epoch Times May 17. “At a time when California is already plagued with drugs and crimes as well as a big budget deficit, a very costly bill leading to more proliferation of drugs certainly is contradictory to what we need and should be rejected beyond doubt.”
Senate Bill 964—authored by Sen. Kelly Seyarto—which seeks to protect property owners’ equity in the event properties were auctioned to pay delinquent tax debt, was also held in committee.
“This is disappointing,” Scott Kaufman, legislative director for the Howard Jarvis Taxpayers Association, a sponsor of the proposal, told The Epoch Times. “This is the third year we’ve brought this bill.”
For those 918 proposals that cleared the fiscal committees, the clock is ticking for passage from their respective houses of origin, with a deadline of May 24. The Legislature will convene on May 20 to begin considering the bills.
Those that pass onto the next house will again face a suspense test later this year in the other chamber’s appropriations committee if they pass respective policy committees.