Taylor Swift accepts the Album Of The Year award for “Midnights” onstage during the 66th GRAMMY Awards at Crypto.com Arena on February 04, 2024 in Los Angeles, California.
Taylor Swift made Grammy Award history Sunday night (February 4). The singer-songwriter won her 14th Grammy for Album of the Year for her Midnights album. Other nominees in the category included Olivia Rodrigo and Miley Cyrus. All artists have had a great year in music, but Swift has come out on top.
With Swift's fourth win in the category, she surpasses previous three-time Album of the Year winners Frank Sinatra, Stevie Wonder, and Paul Simon. Swift's previous three wins were for her albums Fearless, 1989, and Folklore. Celine Dion presented the award, making her first appearance in years amidst her rare disease, Stiff Person Syndrome. Swift brought her friend and artist Lana Del Rey with her on stage to celebrate the special moment. Del Rey was also nominated in the category, but was one of Swift's collaborators on Midnights.
During her acceptance speech, Swift evoked how special the award meant to her. She told the audience, "I would love to tell you this is the best moment of my life, but I feel this happy when I finish a song, or when I crack the code to a bridge that I love, or when I’m shortlisting a music video, or when I’m working with my dancers." She added that for her, "the award is the work." She also thanked "once-in-a-generation" producer, Jack Antonoff, who worked with her on Midnights. Clearly excited and still surprised by her win, Swift finished her speech by exclaiming, "Mind blown! Thank you so much!"
As we reported, Swift unveiled her newest album is coming soon. With her 13th Grammy win, Swift revealed the title of the album is The Tortured Poets Department. This will be Swift's 11th studio album. She wrote on her social media accounts: “All’s fair in love and poetry… New album, THE TORTURED POETS DEPARTMENT. Out April 19 [white heart emoji].” The album is available for pre-order now in digital and physical CD and vinyl copies. There is a bonus track titled “Manuscript,” according to Swift’s website.
The 2024 GRAMMYs, officially known as the 66th GRAMMY Awards, airs live at 8 pm ET. Hosted by Trevor Noah, who’s hosting for the fourth consecutive year, "Music's Biggest Night" broadcasts live from Crypto.com Arena in Los Angeles on the CBS Television Network and streaming on Paramount+ (live and on-demand for Paramount+ with SHOWTIME subscribers, or on demand for Paramount+ Essential subscribers the day after the special airs). New GRAMMY category Best Pop Dance Recording will debut. The awards ceremony will feature performances from SZA, Billie Eilish, Dua Lipa, Olivia Rodrigo, Travis Scott, Burna Boy, Luke Combs, Billy Joel, U2, Joni Mitchell, and many more. Dua Lipa opened the awards ceremony with her performance of "Training Season," "Dance the Night Away," and "Houdini," rocking a leather bodysuit and harnesses.
Billie Eilish is up for six awards this year. Her Barbie track, “What Was I Made For?” is up for Record of the Year, Song of the Year, Best Pop Solo Performance, Best Music Video, and Best Song Written for Visual Media. The singer-songwriter is also nominated for Best Pop Duo/Group Performance for the Labrinth collaboration “Never Felt So Alone.” Olivia Rodrigo has six nominations as well: Album of the Year and Best Pop Vocal Album for Guts; Record of the Year, Song of the Year, and Best Pop Solo Performance for “Vampire”; and Best Rock Song for “Ballad of a Homeschooled Girl.” Also for her Barbie soundtrack contribution, Dua Lipa has two nods for her track, “Dance the Night” for Song of the Year and Best Song Written for Visual Media.
Take a look below at the five best dressed pop artists at the 66th Grammy Awards:
This may be the first and last time the "Shape of You" singer lands on our best-dressed list. Sheeran outdid himself with this camouflage-print outfit. The English singer-songwriter is nominated for Best Pop Vocal album for his '- (Subtract)' album. Even if he doesn't win against the other nominees, he can go home satisfied that he looked his best at the red carpet!
We hope the "Houdini" singer is "here for long," because we are loving her glittering, glamorous gown. Rocking her deep red locks, the singer looks like a rockstar in this plunging silver floor-length gown with hip slits by Courrèges. She kept her makeup sun-kissed and natural-looking, bringing out her natural beauty. The English-Albanian singer wore an equally sparkling and extravagant necklace by Tiffany &amp; Co. The necklace is super unique and eye-catching, featuring fish facing the center with  a matching bracelet and cocktail ring.
The "vampire" singer just snatched our soul in this gorgeous white pearl gown. Rodrigo exuded elegance in this vintage Versace gown dotted with delicate red and white beads. She accessorized with earrings and a bold red lip and sharp cat eyeliner. She wore her long brown hair down softly curled and parted to the side.
Doja painted the town red in this glamorous and sexy sheer gown. Turning heads once again on a red carpet, the singer and rapper's very low cut, peach corseted gown showcased all her tattoos. She accessorized the look with crosses on her necklace and earrings as well as thick, rectangular black eyeglasses. There's nothing more that we love than a perfect combination of sexy and beautifully cut gowns that show off all of Doja's assets.
Taylor looks the best we've ever seen her at any event. The "Anti-Hero" singer-songwriter donned this sleeveless white ruched gown by Schiaparelli Couture that is gorgeously corseted in the back. Giving regal fairy queen vibes, the pop icon accessorized the gown with long black gloves, multiple bejeweled necklaces, and an elegant black choker. With her iconic red lip, Swift also wore a sharp cat eye. She wore her light brown hair down with a braid along the side.
Billie Eilish's style is always unique. Most times, we love her looks, whether it's feminine and form-fitting or boyish and boxy. However, this look for the Grammys is not giving the inspiration and spark we live for when it comes to her outfits. The "What Was I Made For" singer-songwriter opted for nerdy comfort. She wore a Barbie varsity jacket with baby pink satin sleeves and details with a white collared undershirt and black tie. Wearing the thin, black metal glasses adds to her laid-back look this evening, but for us, it is so boring.
If this were for any other occasion, we wouldn't be mad about this gilded lioness look Miley Cyrus wears. However, being that it is the Grammys, the "outfit" consisting of mostly golden chains along her body is a bit too revealing and gaudy. With matching metal panties and safety pin accents, the singer wore her hair teased and curled back away from her face, giving a '70s vibe. We would love this look for a performance or music video, but for a red carpet look, we hate it. Thankfully, she changed inside the awards ceremony to a black gown, saving us from looking at this outfit all night.
We're not quite sure what the cookbook author and model was thinking with this outfit, but we can't believe she thought it was good. Wearing this mini dress, Teigen's skirt consisted of a giant pink rose front and center. The opening of the rose is a bit too yonic and comes off as tacky. Even if the rose skirt wasn't there, the mini dress would have been very boring. Instead, she chose this comical outfit and won't be remembered for anything but looking foolish alongside her husband, who looked dapper in a black satin suit.
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!