Travis Kelce won’t be kneeling on the ground and pulling out a ring for Taylor Swift without an “ironclad prenup,” Life & Style reports.
“There’s just no way Taylor would walk down the aisle without a prenup,” an insider told the publication for a report released Wednesday. 
While the pair are reportedly talking about what their agreement will look like, they haven’t solidified anything yet. 
“The formalities are just their schedules that have gotten in the way, as well as the logistics of a prenup, which is obviously complicated by the vast amounts of money involved on both sides,” the source explained. 
“This is a lot further along than either Taylor or Travis would care to admit, since they’ve considered themselves unofficially engaged for a while and are both 100 percent committed to spending the rest of their lives together and starting a family.”
Page Six did not receive an immediate response from reps for Swift or Kelce. 
We exclusively reported in December 2023 that the football star asked the singer’s father, Scott Swift, for permission to ask for her hand in marriage. We were told he “wholeheartedly” gave Kelce his support. 
Furthermore, a person close to Kelce’s camp told Page Six earlier this month that an engagement is “happening soon.”
The “Karma” singer and the Kansas City Chiefs tight end, both 34, have been dating for just over a year.
They took their relationship public in September 2023 when Taylor cheered him on at his NFL game against the Chicago Bears on his home turf at Arrowhead Stadium in Kansas City, Mo. 
Shortly after going public, Kelce made it clear he was serious about Taylor when he purchased a $6 million mansion for more privacy. 
She ended up rooting the Chiefs on at a total of 13 games last season, including at Super Bowl LVIII, where she watched her man win his third championship. 
Kelce has also traveled across the globe to South America, Asia and Europe to watch Taylor perform at her record-breaking Eras Tour.
He even surprised fans by joining her on stage at one of her London shows in July. 
Although the Eras Tour will continue into the 2024-2025 football season, an insider told People in July the 14-time Grammy winner will “attend as many games as possible.”  
She made it clear last December that she would shamelessly support her man, even if it meant being in the public eye.
“When you say a relationship is public, that means I’m going to see him do what he loves, we’re showing up for each other, other people are there and we don’t care,” she said during her Time 2023 Person of the Year profile.
Advertisement