Kate Moss enjoyed a night out surrounded by her A-list pals as she hopped from Taylor Swift's dinner to party with Noel Gallagher.
The supermodel, 50, joined pop star Taylor for a glitzy meal in London's Notting Hill on Tuesday night. She spent time with Stella McCartney, Cara Delevigne, Lena Dunham, Andrew Scott and Phoebe Waller-Bridge at the Argentinean restaurant Casa Cruz. They were also joined by guests Chrissie Hynde and Haim stars Este and Danielle.
Taylor is currently in England as part of her huge The Era's Tour, which will see her play her 100th show tonight at Liverpool's Anfield Stadium. After spending some time with Taylor, Kate decided to make a hop across the capital to carry on partying at close pal Charlotte Tilbury's house.
She was seen mingling with the likes of Sienna Miller, Noel Gallagher and Damien Lewis. Kate wore a white satin pencil skirt paired with a matching blazer over a black V-neck top. The model finished her look off with fishnet tights, patent platform heels and a black designer bag.
Kate arrived at the do arm-in-arm with photographer friend Mert Alas and went on to party until 3:30am. Sienna Miller rocked up with her boyfriend Oli Green as they let their hair down after welcoming their baby girl five months ago. Noel Gallagher was joined by daughter Anais, while Damien Lewis attended solo.
Other stars at the makeup mogul's house party included Mary McCartney, Laura Bailey, Dave Gardner and his Victoria's Secret model girlfriend Jessica Clarke. Earlier in the night, Taylor looked sensational as she rocked a black corset underneath a grey coat as she braved the chilly London temperatures.
She accessorised with a choker necklace and killer high-heels and completed her look with bold red lipstick. Her designer corset retails for £1150, while her wool coat is on sale for £1,509. Stella McCartney was the go-to designer for her guests as Taylor, Phoebe and Cara decided to rock looks from her collection. Former Victoria's Secret model Cara wore a white vest top, with a heavy fur-lined black leather jacket keeping her warm.
The model-turned-actress rocked a pair of striped trousers, with a striking silver belt and heavy black boots as she made her way into the eatery. Daughter of The Beatles legend Sir Paul McCartney, Stella arrived at the venue in a heavy leather-look coat, with auburn fur from the lining peeping out. She chose a black mini dress for the outing while keeping her legs warmed with black tights. Amongst items on the menu at the restaurant they chose is a 250g beef fillet steak, priced at £50, as well as an eye-watering £140 1.2kg côte de boeuf.
The Blank Space songstress is thought to be resting in the Cotswolds between gigs at a lavish £3.3million farmhouse cottage. Boyfriend Travis Kelce is expected to join her in the £3,250-a-night farmhouse, located near Chipping Norton. She's thought to have rented the home for the entire duration of her trip to the UK.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.