The Yellowjackets are returning for its third and final season.
For the uninitiated, the Emmy-nominated series is about the Yellowjackets, a New Jersey high school girls soccer team who are stranded in the Canadian wilderness after a plane crash in 1996, and resort to cannibalism to survive.
The show operates on several timelines, showing how the crash affects the survivors 25 years later and what is currently happening in their lives as they try to keep the secret of how they survived under wraps.
The show has many New Jersey references, including a private detective posing as a “The Star-Ledger” reporter who team member Taissa Turner (Tawny Cypress) hired to see if any of the girls will reveal their secret. Also, Jackie Taylor (Ella Purnell) was ready to start her college career at Rutgers University before the plane crash.
Here is everything you need to know about “Yellowjackets” Season 3.
Yes, “Yellowjackets” will have a Season 3.
The hit show that combines survival horror with a coming-of-age twist will return to Showtime and Paramount+ on Feb. 14, 2025.
Fans of the popular series should be eager to see how the girls’ tragic story comes to an end.
The show is filmed in Vancouver, Canada, but is based in the Canadian wilderness while the girls are still stranded, according to TV Insider.
While back at home, the girls live in the fictional town of Wisayok, N.J.
No, “Yellowjackets” is not a true story, but is inspired by real-life events and works of fiction.
It draws inspiration from the Flight 571 disaster, where a plane carrying an Uruguayan rugby team on their way to a match crashes into the Andes Mountains on Oct. 13, 1972, leaving 29 of them stranded in the mountains.
It was also based on William Golding’s classic survival novel “Lord of the Flies.”
You can stream “Yellowjackets” Season 3 on Showtime and Paramount+ starting Feb. 14, 2025.
The first two seasons are available to stream now so that you can catch up on the story before Season 3 premieres. 
Our journalism needs your support. Please subscribe today to NJ.com.
Katherine Rodriguez can be reached at krodriguez@njadvancemedia.com. Have a tip? Tell us at nj.com/tips.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices