Please purchase a subscription to read our premium content. If you have a subscription, please log in or sign up for an account on our website to continue.

Your current subscription does not provide access to this content.

Overcast. Low 41F. Winds NE at 10 to 15 mph..
                                
Overcast. Low 41F. Winds NE at 10 to 15 mph.
 Updated: May 3, 2025 @ 6:18 pm
Corcoran
Fred Garland
Wheat
J. Musser
T. Musser
Shipe
ANGOLA — This year’s look back at events that shaped Steuben County could be characterized by joy and sadness.
Steuben County opened a new judicial center, closing for now the final chapter on the historic 1868 Steuben County Courthouse that is perhaps the most notable building on the Public Square.
Indiana resumed executing convicts, starting with a man who used to call Steuben County home.
In addition, Trine University’s men’s basketball team won the national championship.
Two icons in the community passed.
In addition, there was an election that will be reshaping county government.
If there ever was a project in the community that will be generational and impact the lives of many for decades or even a century or more, it is the construction of a new judicial center, or courthouse, if you will.
That’s exactly what Steuben County government set out to do a few years ago, culminating in the July 2024 opening of the $26 million Steuben County Judicial Center at 305 S. Martha St., Angola. It followed years of study and numerous plans that was finally agreed upon by the Steuben County Board of Commissioners and funded by the Steuben County Council.
This might not be a tragic event that garners big headlines, but it is a place of government that many people will encounter for a variety of services in their lives, and not just criminal trials.
You can get a passport in the Judicial Center or a wedding license or you can vote absentee.
In fact, Steuben County Clerk Tangi Manahan said it would have been extremely difficult serving the early voters in this year’s general election in November had her office still been in the old Steuben County Courthouse, which had served the community fairly well since it opened in 1868.
This year’s absentee voting was so immense that lengthy lines formed with voters waiting to cast their ballots, presumably for the main events on this fall’s ballot, for president and governor of Indiana. (We’ll get to that later.)
The new Judicial Center is a gem of a public building, with its porcelain tile that resembles a rich marble. There are seals of Steuben County in each of the court rooms in the event you need a reminder of the jurisdiction, but they are truly a celebration of place, of community.
Great attention was paid to detail, but within a budget that would use rather sophisticated taste on a spartan budget.
But why do we have a new judicial center? For years we have worked within the confines of a judicial facility that was built before there was electricity and running water.
That grand old structure is a thing of beauty, designed as a scaled down version of Boston’s Faneuil Hall. Unfortunately, it was sorely lacking in many areas. Perhaps first and foremost, even after much work in the 1990s, the building was failed on many marks when it came to accessibility. Yes, there was an elevator and ramps and all of the other items you would expect to make a building accessible to people of all abilities, but once you were inside, that was a different story. Perhaps the best example were the jury boxes. There were steps to access these areas, making it difficult for all people to serve as judges of their peers.
Safety was a huge concern. After a threat was made to a judge in 1994, we brought security measures to the Courthouse. Deputies were put on duty at the front entrance and access was greatly controlled. Scanning devices were put in place. Modern electronics used by the general public were banned.
But beyond that, there were still security problems once one accessed the courtrooms themselves. Accused criminals were always in close proximity with the general public and their victims. Were it not for security officers who made sure access to the accused was limited, the public could literally reach out and shake hands with those on trial as they entered the courtrooms.
There was not ample space for separation of parties in cases not only in criminal proceedings, but civil.
As the now late Judge Allen Wheat commented, we hope the new Judicial Center will serve the community well for the next 156 years.
A reuse study of the old Courthouse is nearing completion.
On Dec. 18, convicted murderer Joseph Edward Corcoran, 49, was executed.
Corcoran, who had been on death row since 1999, was 22 when he killed his brother, James Corcoran, 30; Robert Scott Turner, 32; Douglas A. Stillwell, 30; and Timothy G. Bricker, 30, on July 26, 1997. He committed the murders at the home he shared with his brother and a sister. He was sentenced to death by an Allen Superior Court jury in 1999.
In 1992, Corcoran was accused of the murder of his parents, Jack and Kathryn, in their Ball Lake home near Hamilton in Steuben County. He was acquitted and then moved to Fort Wayne to live with his brother and sister.
It was Indiana’s first execution in 15 years.
Last summer, Gov. Eric Holcomb announced plans to resume state executions following a yearslong hiatus marked by a scarcity of lethal injection drugs nationwide, the Associated Press reported.
Corcoran’s attorneys had fought his death penalty sentence for years, arguing he was severely mentally ill, which affected his ability to understand and make decisions. This month his attorneys asked the Indiana Supreme Court to stop his execution but the request was denied.
Corcoran exhausted his federal appeals in 2016. But his attorneys asked the U.S. District Court of Northern Indiana last week to stop his execution and hold a hearing to decide if it would be unconstitutional because Corcoran has a serious mental illness. The court declined to intervene Friday, and the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 7th Circuit did the same Dec. 17.
Corcoran’s attorneys then asked the U.S. Supreme Court issue an emergency order halting his execution, but the high court denied their request for a stay late Dec. 17, ending Corcoran’s options with the courts.
Joy and sadness in the Trine community
The Trine University men’s basketball team certainly made the most of its first trip to the NCAA Division III tournament.
On March 16 at the Allen County War Memorial Coliseum in Fort Wayne, the No. 13 Thunder defeated No. 1 Hampden-Sydney 69-61 to claim the Division III national championship.
Cortez Garland was named Most Outstanding Player at the Division III Final Four. He was joined on the all-tournament team by Smylie and Tucker.
Garland said it hadn’t even sunk in yet that this was his final college basketball game.
“There’s no other way to write your story,” Garland said. “Obviously, it’s a cliché to say you want to go out a national champion. But to actually do it, makes it that much more special to me.”
Sadness overcame the Trine University community after it was learned that star men’s basketball player Fred Garland, 22, Detroit, died in a wreck on Dec. 11.
Michigan State Police confirmed that Garland died in a wreck on westbound Interstate 94 shortly after 10 p.m. Dec. 11.
“We love you Fred! You are forever a champion in more ways than #1!” Trine Men’s Basketball posted on X, formerly Twitter, on Dec. 12.
Garland was in his second year at Trine. The point guard who wore the No. 1 transferred to the university with his brother, Cortez, from Albion College, Albion, Michigan. Cortez, now a student assistant for Trine, was named player of the tournament from last year’s Final Four in the NCAA Division III Men’s Basketball Championship, which Trine won.
The Garland brothers were key players on last season’s NCAA Division III national championship team for the Thunder. Fred was averaging 14 points per game this season.
“Fred had an incredible work ethic on and off the court, and that propelled him to success as a person, student and basketball player,” said men’s basketball head coach Brooks Miller. “His winning smile brightened everyone’s day whenever he was around. There is a huge hole in the heart of Thunder basketball today. We are thinking of and praying for the whole Garland family.”
If there was one resounding theme that could be taken from the Ralph Trine memorial service held on Sept. 26, it was that Angola, Steuben County and Trine University was gifted with a man so generous and caring, who has left a lasting legacy, not because he wanted his name in lights, but because he truly wanted to create a better place.
That he did, and you could see it all around you, said Earl Brooks II, president of the university.
Ralph Trine, patriarch of the family Trine University is named for, died on Aug. 14, in Florida. He was honored in a private memorial service in front of about 200 people in the T. Furth Center for Performing Arts just as homecoming celebrations were about to commence on the Angola campus.
Mr. Trine came to Steuben County first as a student at Tri-State College then he returned to plant his family’s and business’s roots in Steuben County in 1982 when he moved T&S Equipment from Albion, Michigan, to Angola.
Tri-State University was renamed Trine University in 2008 to honor the many contributions of Mr. Trine, a 1961 mechanical engineering alumnus, and his wife Sheri, and to better define the university’s mission and direction.
Ralph and Sheri Trine both served on the Trine University Board of Trustees, with Ralph joining the board in 1990 and Sheri in 2010. They were named trustees emeritus in 2020.
Much has happened between the time that the Trines returned to Steuben County in 1982 and their retirement from active service at the university.
His company, which would later become Vestil Manufacturing, was the first to locate in Angola Industrial Growth Park on what was the outskirts of Angola at the time.
Mr. Trine went on to establish many other successful businesses and remained forever a huge supporter of his alma mater.
Ralph owned Vestil Manufacturing, a fourth-generation family-owned and operated manufacturer of industrial material handling equipment. His relocation of the business from Albion, Michigan, to Angola led to its expansion to the international arena and has allowed it to employ many Trine graduates over the years.
He holds numerous patents for products developed at Vestil.
In addition to their loyal support to Trine University, the Trines donated funds and facilities for many community projects.
Second perhaps to the university came from their donation of the 190-acre, $2.3 million Oakhill Conference and Retreat Center to the Indiana Department of Natural Resources that brought the Trine State Recreation Area to Steuben County, preserving a natural treasure for the enjoyment of future generations.
The Trines also have made significant contributions to the Community Humane Shelter of Steuben County and the Steuben County Community Foundation.
ANGOLA — Steuben Circuit Court Judge Allen Wheat, who had served on the bench since 1995 after his first election in 1994, died on Aug. 10. Judge Wheat was 74.
It was with sadness that many in the judicial branch in Steuben County and beyond learned of his passing, even though it was not unexpected; Judge Wheat had been ill for some time.
“Although his passing was not unexpected, we in the Steuben County court system are heartbroken by the loss of our friend and colleague, the Honorable Allen Wheat. Allen was my good friend as well as my working partner for nearly 30 years. He was a thoughtful and intelligent jurist, as well as an excellent administrator of this Steuben Circuit Court,” Steuben Superior Court Judge William Fee said.
Prior to his election in 1994, Wheat was a private practice attorney for 19 years.
The praise for Judge Wheat came in from many circles, including Indiana Supreme Court Chief Justice Loretta Rush.
“As busy as his court was, he was kind, nice, he was just the perfect judge,” Rush told KPC Media. “I really can’t say enough about him. He was an exemplar judge.”
This year’s election brought change to Steuben County government.
As is often the case, the primary election in Steuben County often determines the final outcome of the election because of the dominance of the Republican Party.
This year was no different.
In the primary challenge between Steuben County Councilman Rick Shipe and incumbent Steuben County Commissioner Ken Shelton, Shipe won by a huge margin.
He went on to win the general election with only a write-in candidate as his competition.
The general election and an employment change brought change in the makeup of the Steuben County Council following a marathon caucus session held on Nov. 25.
With two years left on his District 2 seat, Shipe had to be replaced. In the caucus, Eric Prall was unopposed for the seat.
Councilman Tony Isa, District 4, who was elected to the Indiana House, was replaced in a three-way race, with Renee Carper emerging the victor.
Council member Bill Harter was reelected to another four-year term on Nov. 5 for his at-large seat, but had to leave service to the county after he was named Angola’s fire chief.
Winning a five-way race was Bill McClanahan.
After it was announced that Prosecutor Jeremy Musser had been appointed by Gov. Eric Holcomb to fill out the final month of Steuben Circuit Court Judge Allen Wheat’s term (he died in August), his seat had to be filled.
As expected, Chief Deputy Prosecutor Travis Musser, brother of Jeremy, was selected to fill out the final two years in office as prosecutor.
In other election news, House District 51 was guaranteed that it would be represented by someone from Steuben County after this year’s primary results.
After Isa, Angola, defeated Dr. Rhonda Sharp, LaGrange, in the Republican primary, he went on to face Democrat Judy Rowe, Fremont, in the general election.
Isa won by a 13,467-5,713 margin.
District 51’s seat in the Statehouse came open this election because Rep. Denny Zent, R-Angola, decided to leave public life. He had served in the seat since his first election in 2012.
District 51 represents all of LaGrange County and most of Steuben County in the Legislature. Isa began his House duties in November.
Corcoran
Fred Garland
Wheat
J. Musser
T. Musser
Shipe
We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: