Yung Miami drew inspiration from a past Trina look to hit the stage with the Baddest B*tch at the 2024 BET Hip-Hop Awards.
Lsst night, the 2024 BET Hip-Hop Awards aired and fans of the culture were treated to performances by GloRilla, Bossman DLow, Soulja Boy, 310babii, and Yung Miami who popped out for a surprise performance with Trina. Nicki Minaj made BET Awards history as the first female rapper to win rapper of the year and DJ Holiday paid homage to the late Rich Homie Quan. Teyana Taylor and Tyla presented rapper Travis Scott with the “I Am Hip-Hop” honor and Kendrick Lamar continued his reign over the game with eight wins.
The night was jam-packed with musical moments and style statements from our favorite artists. Keep scrolling for standout style moments during the show.
Source: Aaron J. Thornton / Getty
Trina took to the stage to perform a medley of her hits and represent for the 305. But what would a Miami tribute be without Yung Miami? During Trina’s classic Pull Over, she summoned the former City Girl who pulled up in a look inspired by a throwback Trina style moment. Yung Miami channeled Trina in a diamond studded triangle bra top, panty and leather pant with matching accessories.
Yung Miami was so hype to hit the stage with Trina, she posted a picture with the Baddest B*tch on the ‘gram with the caption, “Born & raised in the county of DADE!!!!!! @trinarockstarr I love you forever thank you! The  Princess.”
Trina returned the love in the comments section, writing, “I love you beyond  I’m so PROUD of you and I am always rooting for you and I will always be here for you to navigate you thru your journey, I believed In you from day one, you was born to be a star. Continue to grow and shine like the star you are  May the universe keep you covered in love and strength  Always and foreva Dade County #305″
Source: Paras Griffin / Getty
Teyana Taylor’s flowing red inches were their own character the 2024 BET Hip-Hop Awards. The multihyphenate singer-turned-actress-turned-creative-director (turned Teyana Taylor can do whatever she puts her mind to), joined Tyla on stage to present Travis Scott with one of the night’s highest honors — the “I Am Hip Hop” award. Sure, Travis looked dapper in a sleek black suit but all eyes were on the beloved entertainer, her laced denim look and those rock hard abs.
Source: Paras Griffin / Getty
GloRilla has a lot to celebrate. Her debut album Glorious debuted at No. 5 on the Billbord charts and she’s been all over our timeline with viral songs that will be the soundtrack to Tik Tok for the coming months. Her BET Hip-Hop Awards performance was right on time to capitalize on her buzz. Glo showed off her toned physique in black hot pants accessorized with a Big Glo belt adorned with blinged out crosses. A sexy nude bralet hid just enough of her girls to keep it PG and of course she did her big one with a big chain.
Source: Johnny Nunez / Getty
Tyla may not necessarily be hip-hop, but hip-hop loves her. The petite Afrobeats artist presented Travis Scott with the “I Am Hip-Hop” award wearing a sparkling mini jersey dress that was so miniature, she joked about being able to see her bottom while thanking Scott for supporting her career. Tyla’s off-the-shoulder look was elevated by her slouch leather knee-high boots.
RELATED STORIES:
Red Carpet Rundown: Eva Marcille Slays The 2024 BET Hip Hop Awards In Louis Vuitton, See Other Celebrity Looks
Yung Miami Gives Rockstar Glam Girl Vibes In NYC


Top 2024 BET Hip-Hop Award Style Moments 
						was originally published on
						hellobeautiful.com



									Listen Live								

									Weekend Roundup: Love, Noise, & MLK Community Day								

									iPower Under 30: Antonio Knoxx								

									Weekend Roundup: Neverland, VMFA Afterhours, & The Big Game								

									iPower Under 30: Rivers Taylor								

									Weekend Roundup: Black Panther, Hip Hop Skating, & More!								

									Weekend Roundup: The Fan, Brunch, & “Mr. Cooper”								

									Win A New Home with St. Jude's Home Giveaway!								

					We care about your data. See our privacy policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.