Khloe Kardashian fans have all said the same thing after the reality star and fashion mogul debuted a brand new look on Instagram.
The 39-year-old reality TV star took to Instagram on Tuesday to show off her new look while promoting her latest collaboration with fitness brand Fabletics. Sharing a carousel of snaps to her Instagram page, which has more than 310m followers, Khloe penned a caption which read: "V3!!!! My new @fabletics collection is out NOW!!!! Ahhhh im so excited!! Link in bio #fableticsxkhloe."
In the snaps, Khloe looked sensational showing off her toned physique. She could be seen kneeling on the ground while donning some tiny black sports shorts and a black sports bra.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Scott Disick 'sends warning' to ex Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker over PDA
With her hand on her hip, Khloe looked fierce as she posed up a storm. Her makeup was flawless and her hair was styled perfectly in a wavy style.
The reality star, who is also a co-founder of fashion brand Good American, ditched her usual blonde locks for the shoot, with her instead sporting rust-hued hair. And fans were loving the switch-up in Khloe's appearance, with many quick to gush over the mother-of-two's tresses.
Commenting on the selection of snaps, one person penned: "This hair is amazing," while another said: "The red hair on you." A third then added: "I think this is a wig, but yes the return of red hair Khloe is BACK."
Another went on to pen: "This is YOUR HAIR COLOUR." While a fifth said: "Khloe.... Don't ever go blonde again. This is your LOOK." And a sixth person added: "Khloe no more blonde. Stick with this please."
This comes after the Kardashian-Jenner clan enjoyed a fabulous family Easter together. Over the weekend, Khloe shared snaps of the family's Easter celebrations at her sprawling mansion in the Hidden Hills. Joined by momager Kris Jenner, the reality TV personality put on a themed party, complete with eggs and bunnies.
Uploading a carousel of pictures from the bash, some fans couldn't help but notice Khloe's kids had been 'filtered'. Taking to the post's comments section, one fuming follower said she was "teaching your child your own beauty isn't good enough".
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok , Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.