There were plenty of mic-drop fashion moments at the 2024 Grammys.
When stars like Dua Lipa, Victoria Monét, Paris Jackson, Joni Mitchell, Doja Cat and more arrived at Los Angeles' Crypto.com Arena on Feb. 4, they turned the red carpet into a runway. And they certainly weren't afraid to crank up the volume when it came to style. 
For Dua, her custom Courreges gown "just makes me feel very strong," the artist, who also wore Tiffany & Co. jewelry, told Live From E!: 2024 Grammys host Laverne Cox of the metal number. "I feel ready for my night."
Plus, Céline Dion made a rare appearance, Miley Cyrus walked her first red carpet in 10 months, dropping jaws in a custom dress by John Galliano for Maison Margiela.
Meanwhile, on the carpet, Taylor Swift seemed to hint at a Reputation re-release with her custom Schiaparelli look. However, during the ceremony, while nabbing her 13th trophy, she surprised fans and announced she's dropping a whole new album, The Tortured Poets Department, on April 19.
Of course, those were just some of the high notes of music's biggest night, hosted by Trevor Noah. There were also the awards. (See the full list of winners here.)
While SZA—who, heading into the night, led the pack with nine nominations—took home the Best Pop Duo/Group Performance award alongside Phoebe Bridgers, Billie Eilish won Best Song Written For Visual Media for "What Was I Made For."
Meanwhile, Miley nabbed her very first Grammy. But she almost missed the moment entirely.
"I just got stuck in the rain and traffic," she said as she collected her Best Pop Solo Performance award, "and thought I was gonna miss this."
In fact, she was actually pulling double duty, as she also performed "Flowers." And while up on stage, she absolutely called out the audience for simply nodding their heads along. As she told the crowd, "Why you acting like you don't know this song?"
And she wasn't the only one take the stage by storm.
SZA, Billie and Olivia Rodrigo all rocked the microphone along with artists like Billy Joel, U2, Travis Scott and Luke Combs.
And they weren't the only big names fans got to see at the event as Oprah Winfrey, Meryl Streep, Lenny Kravitz, Christina Aguilera, Lionel Richie, Maluma, Mark Ronson, Taylor Tomlinson and Samara Joy among others were all in attendance. 
And if you didn't get an invite to the soirée, no worries.
Keep reading to see every jaw-dropping, must-see fashion moment from the Grammys...
Céline Dion
in Valentino and Tiffany & Co. jewelry.
Halle Bailey
in Gucci.
Lizzo
in custom Luis de Javier and Laurel DeWitt bracelets.
Dua Lipa
in custom Courreges and Tiffany & Co. jewelry.
Kacey Musgraves
in custom Schiaparelli.
SZA
in Do Long.
Lenny Kravitz
in vintage Dior.
Taylor Swift
in custom Schiaparelli, Giuseppe Zanotti shoes and Lorraine Schwartz jewelry.
Miley Cyrus
in Maison Margiela.
Ice Spice
in custom Baby Phat.
Olivia Rodrigo
in Versace.
Janelle Monae
in custom Armani Privé.
Madison Beer
in Marmar Halim and Jewels Aficionado jewelry.
Christina Aguilera
in Fashion East.
Doja Cat
in Dilara Findikoglu.
Lana Del Rey
Chlöe Bailey
in Gaurav Gupta.
Maluma
in Dolce & Gabbana.
Beyoncé
in Louis Vuitton.
Sofia Richie
in Saint Laurent and Lorraine Schwartz jewelry.
John Legend
in Saint Laurent.
Kelsea Ballerini
in Vera Wang and ALDO heels.
Ellie Goulding
in Zuhair Murad.
Oprah Winfrey
in Valentino.
Kelly Clarkson & Remington
in custom Jason Wu and Jared Atelier jewelry.
Victoria Monet
in custom Atelier Versace.
Chrissy Teigen
in Alexandre Vauthier.
Paris Hilton
in Reem Acra.
Billie Eilish
in Chrome Hearts.
Coco Jones
in Celia Kritharioti.
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.