Taylor Swift stayed in a lavish £16,000-a-night suite in an exclusive hotel in Paris as she recovered from performing her sold-out Eras Tour shows.
The 34-year-old has just completed her four-night stint at the La Défense Arena in the French capital, and while in Paris, she opted for the elegant Hôtel De Crillon, which is favoured by celebs including Madonna, Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez. The late designer Karl Lagerfeld designed the 10 signature suites at the hotel, which “respects the landmark’s 18th-century heritage”, and Taylor will have been surrounded by sumptuous interiors and antiques as she relaxed in her pricey suite after the epic three-hour long gigs.
The palatial suites also come with a butler, marble bathrooms, and huge bathtubs, meaning the Cruel Summer hitmaker can take a luxurious dip as she reflects on performing in front of thousands of fans around the world. If the Grammy-winning singer has time to indulge in the delectable dining options on offer, she could book a table at the hotel’s Nonos par Paul Pairet, which serves guests delicious French cuisine such as steak frites and chocolate soufflé. Also in the Hôtel De Crillon is the Michelin-starred restaurant L’Écrin, which promises customers an “unforgettable sensory expedition” with five or seven-course tasting menus that include “remarkable” wine pairings.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Subtle Matty Healy references in Taylor Swift's Eras Tour performance of TTPD song
There’s also a chic tea room, the Jardin d’Hiver, and cocktail bar Les Ambassadeurs which also features live music. However, if Taylor is looking for a more secluded experience while staying in the hotel, she could book the private dining room La Cave, which is hidden away from prying eyes. There’s also a gym, a beautiful spa with Himalayan salt wall, and an on-site hair salon. Previous guests have praised the hotel on TripAdvisor, with one claiming “every guest is treated like a king”, as another dubbed it “simply the best hotel in Paris”.
Taylor is now jetting off to Sweden to perform three sold-out shows in the country’s capital Stockholm, and the singer will have one of her closest friends Hayley Williams by her side, as the rocker’s band Paramore is supporting Taylor for the European leg of her Eras Tour. It’s not known which of the Shake It Off hitmaker’s famous pals will be supporting her in the VIP stand in Stockholm, after Gigi Hadid, Bradley Cooper and Taylor’s boyfriend Travis Kelce were spotted at the singer’s final night in Paris over the weekend.
Her mother Andrea, as well as dad Scott, were also seen cheering on their daughter, and Swifties were overjoyed to see the singer’s mum in the crowd after years of health struggles, including a brain tumour diagnosis and two cancer battles. It was an important day for Taylor to have her mum in the crowd on Sunday, as it also marked Mother’s Day in the US, and the singer performed her song Marjorie, which is about her grandmother, during the Paris gig.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.