Another day, another Black celeb being messed with in Paris. Ayesha Curry’s time at the Olympics seemingly came to an unexpectedly unpleasant ending over the weekend. According to recent reports, the wife of Stephen Curry was involved in an intense encounter with the French police over the weekend that’s made its way to the internet.
Curry was in Paris for the Olympic games, supporting her US Olympic Champion husband, as the New York Post reported. Per a video uploaded by The Hollywood Fix, Curry was with Sonya Curry (mother of Steph Curry) and Golden State teammate Draymond Green at an undisclosed location in Paris when the encounter took place.
Ayesha was carrying her youngest son Caius, according to reports, and also seems to be with Curry’s oldest son, Canon, in the video. “Look, they won’t let us go back over there where we came from,” Sonya is seen telling the officers in the clip, pointing in another direction. “They won’t let the driver come here, and they won’t let us go back over there.”
A man translating in the video explains that French President Emmanuel Macron was in the area. “So nobody’s allowed to cross the street right now until he’s passed,” the man says.
Later in the clip, however, Green alleges that one of the officers struck the baby. “So even after you hit the baby in the head, there’s still nothing y’all can do to get them out of here,” Green asks. As The New York Post reports, it is not clear when the alleged hitting happened and which officer Green was accusing.
This is not the first instance of bizarre stories coming out of France when it comes to Black celebrities visiting the country, from this week’s news of Travis Scott’s arrest to the Kelly Rowland moment at Cannes earlier this year.
As The New York Post reports, the family was in attendance for Team USA’s Gold medal game against France on Saturday. The team defeated the home country 98-87, bringing home the gold for the United States. Curry himself scored 24 points in the nail-biting game.
Ayesha and Stephen Curry share four children together, including their youngest, Caius. The two tied the knot in 2011.