By Patrick Cavanaugh
Dune: Prophecy is set to premiere on MAX in November, with fans who are heading to New York Comic Con this fall being able to immerse themselves in the thrilling new project with an interactive activation being held all weekend. The encounter is set to plunge guests intp the world of the fantasy series, while also being tasked with completing challenges as required by the Bene Gesserit. Additionally, fans will get unique insight into the all-new series in a panel for Dune: Prophecy, which will include a look at an all-new trailer. New York Comic Con kicks off on October 17th. Dune: Prophecy is set to premiere on MAX in November.
“We can’t wait for fans to dive into the world of Dune: Prophecy,” Pia Barlow, Executive Vice President, Originals Marketing, HBO and Max, shared in a statement. “By offering interactive experiences, panels, and special screenings, we’re bringing the epic story of the Sisterhood to life, allowing fans to connect with the series in a whole new way before its premiere this November.”
The upcoming Dune: Prophecy events at New York Comic Con are as follows:
Thursday, October 17th – Sunday, October 20th  – Dune: Prophecy Experience at NYCC
Thursday, October 17th (3 – 4 p.m. ET) – NYCC Cast and Creatives Panel on the Empire Stage
Thursday, November 7th – National Alamo Drafthouse Fan Screenings
Dune: Prophecy is described, “10,000 years before the ascension of Paul Atreides, Dune: Prophecy follows two Harkonnen sisters as they combat forces that threaten the future of humankind and establish the fabled sect that will become known as the Bene Gesserit. This is the origin story of the Sisterhood during one of the most turbulent and pivotal turning points in the Dune universe’s history.”
Alison Schapker serves as showrunner and executive producer. Diane Ademu-John co-developed the series and serves as executive producer. Anna Foerster executive produced and directed multiple episodes including the first. Jordan Goldberg, Mark Tobey, John Cameron, Matthew King, Scott Z. Burns, and Jon Spaihts executive produce with New York Times bestselling author Brian Herbert, along with Byron Merritt and Kim Herbert as executive producers for the Frank Herbert estate. New York Times bestselling author Kevin J. Anderson serves as co-producer. The series is co-produced by HBO and Legendary Television with Legendary also producing the film franchise that has released two installments to critical acclaim, the first of which garnered six Academy Awards.
New York Comic Con kicks off on October 17th. Dune: Prophecy is set to premiere on MAX in November.
Are you looking forward to celebrating Dune: Prophecy at New York Comic Con? Contact Patrick Cavanaugh directly on Twitter or on Instagram to talk all things Star Wars and horror!   
Get access to exclusive stories on new releases, movies, shows, comics, anime, games and more!
By signing up, you confirm that you have read and agree to the Terms of Use and acknowledge our Privacy Policy.