Expert-picked Mother's Day gifts for every type of mom, from $15
Sections
Shows
More
Follow today
More Brands
The Kansas City Chiefs go head-to-head with the Pittsburgh Steelers in a special Christmas Day NFL game on Wednesday, Dec. 25, at Acrisure Stadium in Pittsburgh. Could Taylor Swift bring her own brand of holiday spirit to the game?
The Pennsylvania native spent Christmas Day in 2023 cheering on boyfriend Travis Kelce and his teammates when the Chiefs played the Las Vegas Raiders at Arrowhead Stadium in Kansas City, Missouri.
The “Lover” singer arrived at Arrowhead alongside a man dressed as Santa Claus. The official X account of the NFL tweeted a video of Swift and Santa making their way inside the stadium, cheekily captioning it, "Santa arrived with a very special guest.”
Swift, whose record-breaking “Eras Tour” wrapped Dec. 8 in Vancouver, Canada, has attended most of the Chiefs' home games this season. She's attended none of the team's away games.
The Christmas Day matchup between the Chiefs and the Steelers has been a long time coming. The two teams last played each other during the AFC playoffs in 2022 at Arrowhead Stadium, when the Chiefs won 42-21. The two teams haven't faced off in Pittsburgh since 2018, which also resulted in a victory for the Chiefs.
Here’s everything to know about the Chiefs-Steelers game.
The Kansas City Chiefs play the Pittsburgh Steelers on Christmas Day, Wednesday, Dec. 25, at Acrisure Stadium in Pittsburgh. Kickoff is scheduled for 1 p.m. ET.
The game will stream live on Netflix.
Swift has attended most of the Chiefs' home games this season, often appearing alongside one or both of her own parents, Andrea and Scott Swift, and/or one or both of Kelce's parents, Donna and Ed Kelce.
She attended the regular-season opener on Sept. 5, sitting alongside Ed and Donna Kelce to watch the Chiefs defeat the Baltimore Ravens.
On Nov. 29, she attended the Chiefs' special Black Friday game against the Raiders, which the Chiefs won, sitting alongside her dad and Donna Kelce.
Earlier in the month, Swift, her mom and Donna Kelce cheered for the Chiefs together when they beat the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in overtime 30-24.
Gina Vivinetto is a trending news reporter for TODAY.com
© 2025 NBCUniversal Media, LLCApple®, Apple logo® and App Store® are registered trademarks of Apple Inc.