Killer Mike chose a hilarious and profitable way to celebrate winning three Grammys at the award show this past weekend. He commemorated the accolades by selling a special piece of Michael merchandise: The Michael Broom.
Earlier this week, the Atlanta native announced on X, formerly Twitter, that the Michael-inspired broom would be sold on his website. The autographed broom symbolizes Mike's success on Sunday, winning a Grammy in all three of the categories he was nominated for, including Best Rap Song and Best Rap Performance for "Scientists & Engineers" and Best Rap Album for Michael. A sweep, if you will.
"The MICHAEL Broom, used exclusively for sweeping the GRAMMYS available now on http://killermike.com #MICHAEL," the rapper posted.
Despite Killer Mike's success, there were others who weren't feeling it, such as Kai Cenat, who said he couldn't understand how Mike won over Drake, Travis Scott, and Metro Boomin during a recent livestream.
"Everybody calm the fuck down," the 22-year-old said during his Twitch stream. "I don't know who this is, okay? Aye, brother, god bless you. Congratulations. I don't know who you are—positivity to you. Praying for you, bro. Positivity out the window."
Perhaps Cenat would benefit from reading an explainer on the Recording Academy voting process.
"Who decided this motherfucker?" Cenat continued before slamming his hand on his desk and screaming at his viewers. "Who the fuck decided this motherfucker? Her Loss? Utopia? Metro Boomin?"
Unfortunately for those looking to make "a clean sweep," as of press time the limited edition, industrial broom is out of stock and there is no indication that there will be a restock.
music | BY Ecleen Luzmila Caraballo
Grammys 2024: The Good, The Bad & The Questionable
music | BY Brad Callas
Killer Mike Shares Kendrick Lamar Quote After Grammy Wins, Changes Title of 'Michael' to Celebrate Best Rap Album Victory (UPDATE)
music | BY Joe Price
Meek Mill, Ice T, and Xzibit Call Out Police for Placing Killer Mike in Handcuffs Following Grammys Wins
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.