Kylie Jenner finally feels like herself. 
The fashion and beauty mogul, 27, stars on the cover of Elle magazine, and reflects on her style evolution in her twenties.
“I’ve definitely had some moments of quiet luxury, as they would say, but I’m always experimenting,” Jenner tells the outlet in an interview that accompanies a skin-baring photoshoot. “At the root of my authentic style, I think I’m more dark feminine.”
The Khy founder’s two pregnancies — the first in 2018 and the second in 2022 — have, of course, influenced her fashion choices as well. 
“The first part of my twenties was having children, learning what my personal style was and then losing it— not knowing how to dress, gaining 60 pounds for both pregnancies,” Jenner explained, referring of course to daughter Stormi and son Aire, whom she shares with ex-boyfriend Travis Scott.
She added, “It took me a year to feel like myself again. At 27, I feel more confident and more like myself than ever.”
Always one to switch things up, Jenner isn’t afraid of harkening back to her teen days, either.
More specifically, she had social media in a frenzy last month when she resurrected her beloved “King Kylie” aesthetic, debuting cotton candy-colored pink and teal hair colors.
When asked about her once-signature look from 2014 to 2016, Jenner responded, “That era will always be a part of who I am, but it’ll never be what it was when I was younger. I probably would never wear lash extensions and thick eyebrows [now]. There are just certain trends that I’ve grown out of.”
Speaking of beauty, Jenner also touched on getting a breast augmentation as a teen, which she finally copped to last year on the “Kardashians” Hulu show, revealing she wished she had never gotten the implants.
“I have to give my younger self grace,” the makeup guru explains.
“I don’t like to have too many regrets in life. I think my path is what got me here today. I’m happy with where I am and just have to keep moving forward.”
Jenner definitely has her hands full these days.
On top of being a mother of two, the 27-year-old runs multiple brands, including Kylie Cosmetics, fashion brand Khy and newly released alcoholic company, Sprinter.
On Sunday, she promoted the latter company, making a surprise appearance at Food Network’s 2024 New York City Wine & Food Festival.
Advertisement