Kayla is an entertainment journalist with an expertise in all things pop culture, social media packaging, and search engine optimization. Her work has been featured on/in Biography.com, Ranker, Tiger Beat, and Daily Mail.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
Kylie Jenner believes she is "misunderstood," and is trying to set the record straight.
The mother-of-two, 27, opened up in an interview with British Vogue published on Tuesday, August 13, musing that she probably would have turned out an entirely different person had her family not appeared in smash hit Keeping Up with the Kardashians.
"I don't know who I would've been without all these eyes on me," said the reality star, who has previously spoken about the pressure that led her to getting cosmetic procedures — like breast augmentation and fillers — when she was a teenager.
"I just have to be gentle with myself because although I carried so much responsibility in the moment, I was just trying to do what was best for me," Jenner says, noting she tries to give herself more grace these days. "Looking back, I'm like, 'God, I was 17, 18.'" Though she has a better handle on it now, that scrutiny never went away.
The Kylie Cosmetics founder shared frustration at the criticism she faced over her weight after giving birth to daughter Stormi in 2018, and son Aire in 2022. Once she "felt in shape" following Stormi's birth, she got pregnant again, and then had to confront more postpartum depression and weight loss. "I feel like people didn't give me, or give women in general, enough empathy," Jenner said.
"I see pictures [online] and people are accusing me of being on drugs or something..." Jenner told the publication, seemingly speaking of popular weight loss drug Ozempic. "I'm back at my weight I was before I had my daughter and son, and people are putting side by sides of me three months postpartum," she said.
"Mentally, it's really hard. Hormonally, it's really hard. I didn't know how to dress," Jenner said, noting she "wore sweatpants every day" while pregnant. With her son, Jenner admitted she really struggled to pick his name while dealing with postpartum.
A post shared by British Vogue (@britishvogue)
"When the hormones hit you can't make decisions," she said, also sharing that she warns any friends having children to make sure you pick the name before you give birth.
"When I met him, he was just the most beautiful thing to me and I couldn't believe just how perfect he was," Jenner said. "I felt like such a failure that I couldn't name him. He deserved so much more than that. It just really triggered me." Her son was initially named Knight for a while, something her daughter Stormi still likes to joke about.
She said Stormi will joke, "That was so funny, Mom. I like Knight better," and her response is, "You know what, we are not doing this again." Despite the stress of choosing the perfect name or being pregnant at a young age, the Khy by Kylie Jenner spokeswoman says motherhood is "everything" to her.
glam and glow @DrinkGLOW pic.twitter.com/c2WVtXdGDy
"No matter what I'm going through or what I look like or what the internet writes about me that day, I come home and my kids just love me unconditionally," she said of the two children she shares with ex Travis Scott.
She and the rapper were first linked in 2017, and made their red carpet debut (after welcoming Stormi) in May 2018. In January 2023, a source confirmed to People that the on-and-off couple were no longer together.
Kayla is an entertainment journalist with an expertise in all things pop culture, social media packaging, and search engine optimization. Her work has been featured on/in Biography.com, Ranker, Tiger Beat, and Daily Mail.
Kayla is an entertainment journalist with an expertise in all things pop culture, social media packaging, and search engine optimization. Her work has been featured on/in Biography.com, Ranker, Tiger Beat, and Daily Mail.
Kayla is an entertainment journalist with an expertise in all things pop culture, social media packaging, and search engine optimization.                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC