By
Future takes a shot at Gunna on Ferg’s new single “Allure,” which was released on Friday,October 4th. The track features the two artists exchanging verses over a Mike WiLL Made-It beat filled with haunting synths and trap drums. During his guest verse, Future delivers a warning to an unnamed rival: “You took a plea on my slime, won’t be surprised you ended up dead.” Fans quickly connected these lyrics to Gunna, who controversially accepted an Alford plea in the ongoing YSL RICO case involving Young Thug, with YSL being an abbreviation for “Slime.”
Social media users reacted swiftly to the apparent diss. One fan questioned, “Future Dissing Gunna on his new Feature?” while another joked, “Future old ass not letting up on Gunna.” A third added, “Future still on Gunna neck cuz yall keep tryna overlook it so he keep reminding yall what happened.” This latest shot from Future is just one of many, as he has been targeting Gunna since earlier this year. This began when Future deleted a promotional post for Gunna’s single “Prada Dem” with Offset.
Shortly thereafter, Future released a snippet of his collaboration with Travis Scott and Playboi Carti, “Type Shit,” featuring the line: “I don’t hang with rats, that’s some new type shit / Get a n-gga whacked on the news type shit.” He later seemed to overshadow Gunna’s album, One of Wun, by tweeting about a mixtape release on the same day, May 10, stating: “Fuck yo album Shit ain’t slappin like my MIXTAPE.”
When Future’s Mixtape Pluto dropped last month, Gunna was cut from the track “Told My,” which had previously leaked with his verse. Gunna responded by saying on social media, “Its not Personal it’s just business.”
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
Δ
Are you a HOT 97 VIP?  Unlock exclusive, VIP Only access to the latest news, offers, contests, events, and more.  There is no cost to join for a limited time.
Δ
#1 for Hip Hop
Copyright 2024 Hot 97