By ALESIA STANFORD FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  20:15, 3 May 2024   |  Updated:  20:51, 3 May 2024   
 16
View  comments
Kylie Jenner enjoyed a walk down memory lane as she prepared for Monday's Met Gala.
The 25-year-old, who has been subjected to some wild rumors over her relationship with Timothée Chalamet, 28, shared details of her stunning red and blue gown from last year's fashion extravaganza.
'Oh how time flies,' she wrote next to the carousel of snaps on social media Friday. 
The 2023 theme for the Met Gala was Karl Lagerfeld: A Line of Beauty in tribute to the late designer who died in 2019 at the age of 85. 
In accordance with that, the reality star donned a stunning red gown.
Kylie Jenner, 25, enjoyed a walk down memory lane as she prepared for next week's Met Gala by taking a look back at her 2023 gown on social media
The curve clinging frock featured an asymmetrical neckline and a high-slit, with coordinated red pumps.
In her pictorial, The Kardashians star shared some of the intricate details of the dress which featured an ice blue satin lining and a long train that could be picked up and used as a cloak. 
She credited Haider Ackermann with creating the look for Jean Paul Gaultier Haute Couture. 
Memories from the evening include the model, in full hair and makeup, holding a slice of New York pizza while laden with multi carat diamond rings. 
The mother of two, who shares Stormi, six, and Aire, two, with former partner Travis Scott, captured hearts when she shared a photo as she and her denim clad daughter walked past a group of photographers ready to capture looks from the high fashion evening.
Another picture shows the youngster with a camera of her own acting as a shutterbug.
'Stormi with the camera is priceless,' commented one fan. 
The theme for the May 6, 2024 Met Gala is Sleeping Beauties with a dress code of Garden in Time.
Memories from the evening include the model, in full hair and makeup holding a slice of New York pizza while laden with multi carat diamond rings
The curve clinging frock featured an asymmetrical neckline and a high-slit, and was lined with ice blue satin and included a train that could double as a cloak. She credited Haider Ackermann with creating the look for Jean Paul Gaultier Haute Couture
Many of her followers are anxious to see what the Kylie Cosmetics founder will wear on the red carpet. 
'Veryyy excited to see your 2024 met gala outfit ❤️,' wrote one fan.
'Can’t wait to see your look of this year!!!,' echoed another.
The fashionista has been praised for her haute couture looks since she made her Met Gala debut in 2016. 
The reality star captured hearts with this photos as she and daughter Stormi, six, walked past a group of photographers ready to capture looks from the high fashion evening
Another picture shows the youngster with a camera of her own acting as a shutterbug. 'Stormi with the camera is priceless,' commented one fan
And this year, fans are curious if she will arrive solo or make her debut as a couple with Chalamet.  
The entrepreneur has followed her older sister Kendall, 28, founder of 818 Tequila, into the libations business.
In April, she launched her own drink, Sprinter Vodka Soda.
The 100 calorie drinks come in Grapefruit, Lime, Peach and Blackberry flavors, and according to the company are made with real fruit juice and no added sugar. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group