By ALESIA STANFORD FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  23:43, 6 April 2024   |  Updated:  23:45, 6 April 2024   
 26
View  comments
Travis Barker's ex-wife could have a new man in her life. 
Shanna Moakler, who celebrated her 49th birthday in Las Vegas, was spotted getting cozy with actor Greg Vaughn Friday night in Los Angeles.
Both were guests at the release party for the Black Keys new album, Ohio Players, at Bar Marmont.
The former beauty queen made a low-key appearance, wearing a black maxi dress beneath a floor-length puffy coat. 
She donned black and white sneakers for the event.
Travis Barker's ex-wife Shanna Moakler, 49, made a low key appearance at the release party for the Black Keys new album, Ohio Players, Friday in Los Angeles
The model appeared to be wearing natural looking makeup with a soft peach lip. 
Her long, blonde hair was styled in loose curls that cascaded down her back and around her shoulder. 
Moakler's long fingernails were polished white and she carried a small black bag with a gold chain. 
She was spotted driving away from the party with Vaughn, 50, who looked handsome in a gray suede jacket, a black T-shirt and jeans. 
The Days of Our Lives star parted his dark hair on the side and sported a salt and pepper beard.
The Queen Sugar actor has a side gig as a comedian and promoted two upcoming shows scheduled to take place in Tampa and Orlando, Florida next weekend. 
He will enjoy a double billing with fellow Days star Robert Scott Wilson, 36.
Vaughn has been performing standup for nearly two decades. 
The former beauty was seen wearing a black maxi dress beneath a floor length black puffy coat. She donned black and white sneakers for the event
She was spotted driving away from the party with Days of our Lives star Greg Vaughn, 50, who looked handsome in a gray suede jacket, a black T-shirt and jeans
The Queen Sugar actor has a side gig as a comedian and promoted two upcoming shows scheduled to take place in Tampa and Orlando, Florida next weekend. He will enjoy a double billing with fellow Days star Robert Scott Wilson, 36
The divorced dad of three shares sons Jathan, 16, Cavan, 14, and Landan, 12 with his ex-wife, model and actress Touriya Haoud.
Moakler shares her son Landon, 20, daughter Alabama, 18, and raised her oldest daughter Atiana De La Hoya, 25, with ex Travis Barker, 48, during and after their marriage four year marriage which lasted from 2004 to 2008.
The Blink 182 drummer is now married to Kourtney Kardashian, 44, who has three older kids of her own, Mason, 14,  Penelope, 11, and Reign, nine from her relationship with former partner Scott Disick.
The couple welcomed their son Rocky in November 2023. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group