e-Edition
Get the latest news delivered daily!
Get the latest news delivered daily!
e-Edition

			Trending:		
Nearly 5 miles of Highway 330, which leads to the Big Bear resort community, is closed until December.
The closure, which began Sept. 24, results from September’s 20,000-acre Line fire in San Bernardino County, which damaged guardrails designed to prevent cars from going over the ledge.
Highway 330, which is the most-traveled route to Big Bear Lake and is accessible from the 210 Freeway in Highland, will remain completely closed in both directions from Highland Avenue in Highland to Live Oak Drive, which is near Running Springs in an unincorporated area of San Bernardino County, a Caltrans news release states.
On Sept. 21, contractors began repairing 4.8 miles of damaged guardrails, reconstructing burned pavement and signs, removing boulders and debris and replacing drainage systems.
The $9.8 million emergency project is expected to end in early December, with the road reopening the week of Dec. 9, a Caltrans news release states. 
“Crews have been making substantial strides in completing safety repairs,” Caltrans spokesperson Eric Dionne said.
He added that when the roadway first reopens, it would be in just one direction. Officials don’t know how long this arrangement would last, Dionne said.
Big Bear Lake City officials advise travelers from the south to use Highway 38 from Redlands and those coming from the north to take Highway 18 from the Lucerne Valley to reach the area.
While the 330 remains closed until crews determine it is safe, businesses have not been affected, officials said.
“It hasn’t impacted tourism in Big Bear Lake,” Travis Scott, the CEO of Visit Big Bear, said. “More than anything it’s just a small inconvenience for visitors who are used to traveling up and down the mountain using that route.”
Parts of the 18 are slightly congested due to the 330 being closed, said Leslie Padilla, office assistant at the California Highway Patrol.
December through March are typically the busiest months for tourists to visit Big Bear, Scott said.
“Now when we see snow, then we’ll see that impact grow,” he said.
“As a tourism town, even though we do have this road closure, we are open as a community and are welcoming guests back with open arms,” Scott said.
For updates on the 330 closure, click here.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group