Celebrities from the world of Hollywood, broadcasting, sport and reality television have reflected on what it was like to experience Taylor Swift’s Saturday night show at Wembley Stadium.
The 34-year-old US pop star has taken her juggernaut Eras Tour to the UK and her second show in the capital saw A-list appearances, in the crowd, from the likes of Top Gun star Tom Cruise and Barbie director Greta Gerwig.
Love Actually star Hugh Grant was also spotted at the concert and praised Swift for her “incredible” show and “amazing” team.
Dear @taylorswift13 , You have an incredible show, an amazing and v hospitable team and excellent if gigantic boyfriend (#tequilashots.). Thanks so much from one ageing London boy, wife and thrilled 8 year old #halfgirlhalfbracelet
— Hugh Grant (@HackedOffHugh) June 23, 2024
In a post to X on Sunday, he said: “Dear @taylorswift13, You have an incredible show, an amazing and v hospitable team and excellent if gigantic boyfriend (#tequilashots.)
“Thanks so much from one ageing London boy, wife and thrilled 8 year old.”
After the show, American actress Rachel Zegler, known for her roles in West Side Story and The Hunger Games prequel, posted a photo of herself wearing a purple glittery dress at the gig and captioned it: “I love you so much taylor swift.”
ilysmts i love you so much taylor swift pic.twitter.com/0IDeNlkinz
— rachel zegler (she/her/hers) (@rachelzegler) June 22, 2024
In a follow-up post to X, she uploaded a photo of herself wearing dozens of friendship bracelets – which have become a staple at Swift’s shows – and said: “Thank you to everyone for my bracelets and for dancing w me and shouting w me and singing w me.”
Channel 4 News presenter Krishnan Guru-Murthy called the show “amazing” after watching it alongside former Newsnight host Emily Maitlis, who he will co-present the broadcaster’s election night coverage with on July 4.
The News Agents podcast co-host Maitlis, 53, wore a pink feather boa around her neck while Strictly Come Dancing star Guru-Murthy, 54, wore shades and a white shirt.
In a post to Instagram, he wrote: “Amazing. And she played my favourite (Mean) for her surprise song! And bizarrely I was sitting next to the woman I will be sitting next to on election night – Emily Maitlis!”
A post shared by Krishnan Guru-Murthy (@krishgm)
Elsewhere, Lioness Beth Mead posted a photo from inside the stadium to her Instagram story and wrote: “@taylorswift you did not disappoint! A different kind of night at Wembley with one very happy swiftie @viviannemiedema.”
Former Made In Chelsea stars Jamie Laing and Sophie Habboo attended the evening with some friends and Laing, 35, shared a photo of himself swapping friendship bracelets to his Instagram story with the caption: “Being a Swifty.”
He also posted a photo of himself and his friend wearing cowboy hats and jumpers emblazoned with the words “Kansas City Chiefs”, which is the American football team Swift’s boyfriend Travis Kelce plays for.
His post read: “When your Wives turn you into a Swifty.”
A post shared by Jamie Laing (@jamielaing)
The daughter of Noel Gallagher, Anais, shared a photo to her Instagram story which showed her wearing a Taylor Swift The Eras Tour wristband and a friendship bracelet.
She wrote: “Just had the best night of my life.”
Earlier on Saturday evening, a fan posted a video online which appeared to show Mission Impossible star Cruise, 61, speaking to Swifties at the stadium, wearing a black blazer and white T-shirt.
Another video showed Little Women director Gerwig, 40, walking through a part of the stadium separated from fans.
tom cruise??? #LondonTSTheErasTour pic.twitter.com/oxIFxa6LUE
— ANDREW (@andrewnavs) June 22, 2024
Other stars, including The Hunger Games star Liam Hemsworth and married Hollywood couple Mila Kunis and Ashton Kutcher, were reported to have attended the concert.
Fourteen-time Grammy winner Swift’s first date in London on Friday was attended by Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer and the Prince of Wales and his two eldest children, who took a selfie with the Anti-Hero singer.
Kelce, 34, was also said to be at the concert and was seen on Friday night, joined by his brother Jason and their parents, as well as Swift’s parents Andrea and Scott, as she performed for almost 90,000 people.
After her first performance in the capital, the Pennsylvania-born musician posted a photo she had taken with Kelce and royal family members William, Princess Charlotte and Prince George.
A video from the evening, widely circulated online, appeared to show William “dad dancing” to catchy pop song Shake It Off.
Swift performed in front of other celebrity fans that night including Bridgerton star Nicola Coughlan, Queer Eye’s Jonathan Van Ness and model Cara Delevingne.
The billion-dollar Eras Tour takes fans through Swift’s back catalogue, including hits from albums 1989, Red and Midnights.
The revamped set list, which she first unveiled at the Paris shows, also includes songs from her latest offering The Tortured Poets Department.
Thank you @TaylorSwift for a great evening! #LondonTSTheErastour pic.twitter.com/2UjQJUiekx
— The Prince and Princess of Wales (@KensingtonRoyal) June 22, 2024
To celebrate her arrival in the capital, murals, a special Tube map, a Taylor trail and a series of events have all been created.
Prior to her London performances the US pop star played shows in Edinburgh, Liverpool and Cardiff.
She will take to the stage in London again on Sunday evening before the tour moves on to Dublin.
In August she will return to London to play another five nights at Wembley.

                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.