‘Tis not the damn (football) season. 
Taylor Swift was seemingly a no-show at boyfriend Travis Kelce’s Kansas City Chiefs Christmas Day game against the Pittsburgh Steelers. 
The festive game, which was streamed on Netflix, kicked off Wednesday afternoon — with Kelce, quarterback Patrick Mahomes, and their teammates having a strong start. 
Fans flooded social media with questions about the pop star’s whereabouts considering she was present at last year’s Christmas Day game with her whole family in tow.
Meanwhile, Kelce arrived solo to the face-off wearing a festive red Santa hat to mark the holidays. 
While the “Fortnight” singer was nowhere to be seen, she had just been in the stands cheering for her man just days prior. 
On Saturday, the Chiefs pulled off a big win against the Houston Texans at Arrowhead Stadium, extending their record to 14-1. 
Swift arrived at the big game wearing a red, ’70s-inspired Charlotte Simone coat made from faux suede with a fur trim.
She paired the warm coat with a black Chanel bucket, sheer tights and black knee-high suede boots. 
The Grammy winner watched the thriller alongside her mom, Andrea, dad, Scott, and Kelce’s mom, Donna. 
After securing the win, the matriarchs were seen celebrating with a big group hug. 
Until now, Swift had to skip the Chiefs’ match-ups in other cities due to safety concerns amid her busy touring schedule. 
After concluding her blockbuster tour on Dec .8, Swift flew to Kansas City, where she met with young fans at a children’s hospital on the eve of her 35th birthday. 
While Swift has stayed under the radar for the last few weeks, Kelce threw her a lavish Eras Tour wrap party to commemorate the end of her record-breaking show. 
The tight end went all out for the festive fête, firing a DJ, inviting her Swift’s closest friends and decorating with sweet nods to the tour. 
Sources told us the “Cruel Summer” singer was “shocked” when she walked into the surprise party after being told they were going to a quiet dinner. 
“That was the last thing she was expecting and she couldn’t believe Travis went out of his way to throw a surprise party for her,” an insider shared. “She thought it was so thoughtful and such a sweet gesture. It really meant so much to her.”
Advertisement