They started making out … and she told off her son … and this all happened on TV!
Kourtney Kardashian defended locking lips with husband Travis Barker in front of her kids after son Reign hilariously begged them to stop during Wednesday’s episode of Hulu’s “The Kardashians.” 
The Poosh founder, 45, was reuniting with the Blink-182 drummer, 48, in Australia after being apart for nine days when they embraced in a long string of smooches. 
“My husband is home. I missed you,” she told the musician.
Kardashian then explained in a confessional that it had been the longest amount of time they’ve been apart since welcoming their son, Rocky, in November 2023. 
In the episode, the Lemme creator and Barker decided to explore Sydney on a luxury yacht with Reign, 9, and Penelope, 12, while Rocky stayed home with a baby nurse.
On the boat, Kardashian and Barker once again started aggressively kissing, prompting Reign to scold his mom.
“Stop making out with Travis, bro!” Reign said, joking, “Like, didn’t you just have a baby? Don’t get another one this quick!”
The couple just laughed in response as they continued to embrace and Barker even went for a peck on his wife’s neck. 
“Are you giving her a hickey now?” Reign asked in horror before the mom of four clarified that it was “a gentle kiss” on her neck because she “just missed him.” 
Kardashian explained in a confessional that she thinks it’s totally healthy to show PDA in front of her offspring. 
“I think it is a beautiful thing to see parents — especially ones that just had a new baby — be affectionate and loving. There’s nothing wrong with that,” she told the cameras. 
Earlier in the episode, she also noted how she thinks Reign’s sense of humor is quite similar to his father Scott Disick’s personality.
“I’m starting to get a lot of vibes like his dad,” she said in another confessional. “I think he is starting to get that sense of humor. I’m like, ‘Just what we need.’”
Kardashian shares Reign, Penelope and Mason, 14, with Disick, with whom she was in an on-again, off-again relationship from 2006 to 2015.
The “Keeping Up With The Kardashians” alum married Barker in 2022.
Along with their son, Rocky, the “What’s My Age Again?” rocker shares two kids — Landon, 20, and Alabama, 18 — with ex-wife Shanna Moakler. Barker is also a stepfather to Moakler’s daughter with ex Oscar De La Hoya, 25-year-old Atiana. 
Baker and Kardashian recently packed on the PDA in public at the musician’s inaugural “Run Travis Run” event in Los Angeles, where he gushed over his wife taking part in the 5K.
“My wife’s a beast!” he exclusively told Page Six. “She’s never done this [before] … it was really cool to have her be a part of it. It was awesome. It was everything I imagined.”
Advertisement