by 
	Sydni Ellis


Kourtney Kardashian’s son Reign is all about his mama — and four years ago, he looked just like her too! The Lemme founder shared throwback photos from 2020 featuring her now-9-year-old son, and they reveal just how much Reign is like his mom.

	









Travis Barker celebrated Kourtney Kardashian's birthday with a heartfelt Instagram post, sharing intimate family photos including a rare glimpse of their 6-month-old son, Rocky Thirteen.  https://t.co/V6MtBFyyUt

	“disposable archives summer 2020,” Kardashian captioned the photos on Instagram on Saturday. The vintage-looking photos include shots of Kardashian with a puppy and pictures of a beautiful pool getaway. But the most striking are the two photos of Reign, who was only 5 at the time. In one, he wears blue swim trunks as he cuddles up with his mom on a white beach chair. Kardashian looks at the camera, wearing a red swimsuit and black bucket hat, as Reign is turned toward the water, resting his arm on his mom’s leg. From the exact same expression on their mouths to their relaxed poses, these two look so alike!













	Related story



	
	
		
					Jeannie Mai & Her Daughter Monaco Are in House-Hunter Mode During This Scenic Video		
	










	Another picture is a side-view of Reign, who is giving someone off camera a look that has Kourt written all over it!


A post shared by Kourtney Kardashian Barker (@kourtneykardash)

The Kardashians star shares Reign and kids Mason, 14, and Penelope, 11, with ex Scott Disick. She is also mom to 5-month-old baby Rocky Thirteen with husband Travis Barker. Last week, she shared photos from her 45th birthday celebration at the beach. In one snap, Kardashian hangs out on a pier, as pigs roam underneath her and people swim in the water behind her. Reign stands beside her in a white t-shirt and black shorts, smiling and giving the camera a thumbs up.

	In another picture, he rides on his mom’s back as they watch fireworks together. There’s no doubt Reign is her best buddy.

	Last month, the Lemme founder shared photos of a family trip to Australia. “Feeling so grateful for every single second of time with my babies,” Kardashian wrote. “Rare to get 2 full weeks of 24/7 time as they get older! Thank you Australia for the beautiful memories (minus the spiders).”



	What a lucky kid to go on all these getaways with his mom!
Before you go, check out Kourtney Kardashian’s best quotes about being a mom.

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
The stories you care about, delivered daily.
SheKnows is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 SheMedia, LLC. All Rights Reserved.