ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
MELBOURNE, AUSTRALIA - FEBRUARY 16: EDITORIAL USE ONLY. NO BOOK COVERS Sabrina Carpenter performs on ... More stage at Melbourne Cricket Ground on February 16, 2024 in Melbourne, Australia. Sabrina Carpenter's album Singular: Act II surges 4,500% in sales after it was released on vinyl, and all those purchases push it back to the Billboard charts. (Photo by Graham Denholm/TAS24/Getty Images for TAS Rights Management)
2024 has been a breakout year for Sabrina Carpenter, as she’s become one of the biggest pop stars on the planet. After releasing a string of hit singles, her latest album Short N’ Sweet secured the No. 1 spot on the charts and is holding strong. Her newfound fame is also breathing new life into some of her older projects, including one that arrived just before she became a Billboard chart sensation.
Carpenter’s album Singular: Act II is back on multiple Billboard tallies this week, following a massive spike in sales. Luminate reports that the set sold an additional 2,450 copies in the U.S. last week. That’s enough to propel the title onto the Top Album Sales chart at No. 44.
This 2,450 sales figure represents a significant jump from the previous week, during which Singular: Act II sold just over 50 copies. In just a matter of days, its sales surged by over 4,500%, demonstrating Carpenter’s growing popularity and the heightened demand for her earlier work.
Singular: Act II is one of several older albums from Carpenter that were recently released on vinyl. The enormous success of Short N’ Sweet and its accompanying singles has ignited fan interest in everything associated with the pop star, and she and her label have seized the opportunity by offering her previous projects on a new format.
Carpenter released Singular: Act I, Singular: Act II, and Evolution on vinyl, and fans both old and new rushed to buy them. All three albums arrived when she was still in the early stages of building her fan base, and none managed to break into the top 20 of the Billboard 200. In fact, neither of the Singular albums entered the upper half of that 200-position chart.
As Singular: Act II returns to the Top Album Sales chart, it also secures a spot on the Vinyl Albums chart, debuting at No. 10. It is joined by both Singular: Act I and Evolution on that tally. Singular: Act I enters at No. 20, while Evolution, which was first released in 2016, debuts at No. 24, just making the cut on the 25-position list.
Meanwhile, Short N’ Sweet holds steady at its No. 2 peak on the Top Album Sales chart. Last week, it was edged out by Travis Scott’s Days Before Rodeo mixtape. This time, it narrowly loses the top spot to Le Sserafim’s Crazy EP. In its second week, Carpenter’s latest project sold an impressive 28,200 copies.