Get the latest in local public safety news with this weekly email.
E-edition PLUS unlimited articles & videos
Personalized news alerts with our mobile app
*FREE access to newspapers.com archives
Hundreds of games, puzzles & comics online
*Refers to the latest 2 years of stltoday.com stories. Cancel anytime.
Ferguson Police Chief Troy Doyle gives a press conference on Saturday, Aug. 10, 2024, about injured Ferguson officer Travis Brown who was hurt in a chaotic scene outside the Ferguson police department on Friday night as officers moved in to arrest people who damaged a fence outside the department. 
FERGUSON — Authorities on Saturday charged an East St. Louis man with assaulting a police officer, who was "fighting for his life" after a protest on the 10th anniversary of Michael Brown’s death. 
UPDATE: Ferguson officer still in critical condition with brain injury Monday
Elijah Gantt, 28, was charged with two counts of fourth-degree assault on a special victim, resisting arrest, first-degree assault and property damage. He was being held in custody on a $500,000 cash-only bond. 
Gantt
He's accused of pushing police Officer Travis Brown down while the officer, who is Black, was trying to arrest Gantt for property damage.
Brown hit his head and was in the hospital Saturday with a "severe brain injury," Ferguson Police Chief Troy Doyle said during a media briefing.
Ferguson Police Officer Scott Amos wrote in charging documents that he saw Gantt outside the police station "pulling on the gate, in a strong jerking manner."
Amos said he watched as the gate broke and told other officers to arrest Gantt.
Ferguson police arrest Elijah Gantt outside the Ferguson police department on Friday, Aug. 9, 2024, after protests turned to turmoil on the 10th anniversary of Michael Brown’s death at a gathering of several of the original protesters.
The officer then wrote that he watched body camera footage of the officers ordering Gantt to stop because he was being arrested, but Gantt walked away from the officers, who chased him.
Gantt ran behind a car, Amos wrote, and shortly after that he saw Brown attempt to block Gantt's path and arrest him.
"I then later observed the defendant run into (Brown) without stopping or attempting to change his direction, knocking (Brown) over, and causing (Brown) to strike his head on the ground," Amos wrote
Amos said Gantt then tried to run away from two other officers who were trying to arrest him. 
Gantt is accused of kicking both those officers, leaving scratches and bruises on both. 
Earlier during the protest Friday, Gantt told the Post-Dispatch that he wasn't disappointed by the turnout. “It only takes one person to touch other people when you believe in something big,” he said.
Four other people also were charged in connection with Friday's protest.
Authorities said St. Louis resident Emily Davis was charged with third-degree assault on a special victim and resisting or interfering with arrest. 
Keith Rose of St. Louis was charged with first-degree property damage. St. Louis Mayor Tishaura O. Jones appointed Rose this year to the Civilian Oversight Board, which reviews complaints against St. Louis Police. 
Prosecutors also charged Derrick Robinson and St. Louis resident Phillip March with first-degree property damage.
Gantt and Davis were still in custody Saturday afternoon.
Doyle, the Ferguson police chief, said the majority of the people at the Friday night gathering were peaceful and that his officers did not intervene until close to midnight. 
He said the protesters were shaking a fence outside the police station throughout the night.
Protesters rock the gate outside the Ferguson police department Friday, triggering subsequent arrests on the 10th anniversary of Michael Brown's death. A Ferguson officer is now in critical condition after a fall during arrests.
"We did not even react," he said. "We stayed here and let them shake the fence. That happened several times throughout the night, up until the point that they broke the bottom portions of our fence. They destroyed property on our police department's parking lot. It was at that time I sent out an arrest team to make an arrest for destruction of property."
Namratha Prasad of the Post-Dispatch contributed to this report
The bottom of a fence surrounding the Ferguson Police station is repaired on Saturday, Aug. 10, 2024 after it was damaged during a protest outside the police station on Friday night. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com
Get the latest in local public safety news with this weekly email.
Courts Reporter	
Ferguson Police Chief Troy Doyle gives a press conference on Saturday, Aug. 10, 2024, about injured Ferguson officer Travis Brown who was hurt…
Keith Rose, charged with property damage during a Ferguson protest this weekend, is temporarily recusing himself from the city's police oversi…
Chief Troy Doyle showed videos depicting the moments leading up to the impact, as protesters outside the Ferguson police department on Friday …
Ferguson community members, law enforcement and pastors gathered Tuesday in front of the police department to pray for the healing of an offic…
Defense attorneys waived Monday morning’s bond reduction hearing for the man accused of assaulting a Ferguson police officer while trying to r…
A Ferguson police spokeswoman said the officer will be escorted by local police officers from the region as he is moved to an airport to go to…
While Officer Travis “TJ” Brown has not spoken yet, he is “cognitively all there,” said Terence Monroe, speaking for the family.
Tauren Taylor is the first to resolve his case stemming from the Aug. 9 protest, which ended in several arrests after a fence was damaged and …
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.