By ASHLEIGH GRAY FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  19:42, 17 February 2024   |  Updated:  17:05, 22 February 2024   
 140
View  comments
Emily Ratajkowski soaked up the sun on a beach in Miami over the weekend.
The 32-year-old model — who bared her abs on Instagram this week — wore a leopard print mini dress with lacy black trim before stripping off and revealing a bikini.
The mother-of-one flaunted her famous figure in printed thong bottoms and a matching top, which had thin yellow beaded straps.
She was kid-free as she relaxed in the sand, stretching out on a lounge chair and busying herself with a tablet.
The fashionista added a pair of Miu Miu sunglasses with soft purple tinted lenses to her look. 
Emily Ratajkowski soaked up the sun on a beach in Miami over the weekend. The 32-year-old model wore a leopard print mini dress with lacy black trim before stripping off and revealing a bikini
The mother-of-one flaunted her famous figure in printed thong bottoms and a matching top, which had thin, yellow, beaded straps
She was kid-free as she relaxed in the sand, stretching out on a lounge chair and busying herself with a tablet. The fashionista added a pair of oval-shaped sunglasses with soft purple tinted lenses to her look
Emily looked relaxed as she enjoyed her getaway from New York City, where she lives with her two-year-old son Sly
Emily looked relaxed as she enjoyed her getaway from New York City, where she lives with her two-year-old son Sly. 
Her brunette locks, which she recently cut, were arranged in a center part as they fell over her shoulders and blew in the breeze.
She appeared to go without makeup as she worked on her tan. 
The beauty wore a pair of silver-toned hoop earrings and a single gold band around one of her fingers. 
As she left the beach, she put on a pair of black Adidas sneakers and carried a large tan leather bag over her shoulder. 
On Friday night the bombshell attended the Flowerbomb Tiger Lily Viktor & Rolf Fragrance Celebration at The Miami Beach EDITION.
She looked typically stylish as she slipped her svelte figure into a white mini dress with a low neckline that teased her cleavage. 
The iNAMORATA swimwear designer wore reddish eyeshadow and coated her plump pout in a peachy gloss. 
Her brunette locks, which she recently cut, were arranged in a center part as they fell over her shoulders and blew in the breeze
She appeared to go without makeup as she worked on her tan
The beauty wore a pair of silver-toned hoop earrings and a single gold band around one of her fingers
The Miami trip comes after the star spent Valentine's Day in the Big Apple, where she resides. She escaped the northeast snowstorm over the weekend
Ratajkowski flashed her pert derriere in her skimpy thong bottoms
Up next for the multihyphenate is a role in an upcoming Netflix project from Lena Dunham.
In December, the streamer announced that Dunham had created a romantic comedy series with her husband Luis Felber.
Megan Stalter and Will Sharpe were announced as the leads at the time.
The series follows Stalter as Jessica, a single workaholic recovering from her last relationship, who decides to start over and takes a new job in London.
It's there she meets Felix (Sharpe), as they try to determine if Americans and Brits 'speak the same language.'
According to Variety, Ratajkowski will play Felix's ex Polly, who is said to be the exact opposite of Jessica.
Lena will direct the series and she and Felber will also serve as executive producers alongside Tim Bevan, Eric Fellner, Michael P. Cohen, Surian Fletcher-Jones and Bruce Eric Kaplan. 
Up next for the multihyphenate is a role in an upcoming Netflix project from Lena Dunham
As she left the beach, she put on a pair of black Adidas sneakers
Ratajkowski carried a large tan leather bag over her shoulder
On Friday night the bombshell attended the Flowerbomb Tiger Lily Viktor & Rolf Fragrance Celebration at The Miami Beach EDITION
She looked typically stylish as she slipped her svelte figure into a white mini dress with a low neckline that teased her cleavage
Ratajkowski has dabbled in acting, with previous roles on iCarly and a Maroon 5 music video, plus Robin Thicke's 2012 Blurred Lines music video, which catapulted her to superstardom.
She had roles in 2014's Gone Girl and 2015's Entourage and We Are Friends, along with appearances in episodes of 2016's Easy and Love Advent.
She also starred in Cruise, I Feel Pretty, In Darkness and Welcome Home in 2018, along with 2019's Lying and Stealing and an episode of 2023's History of the World: Part II.
The High/Low with Emrata podcast host most recently appeared in Travis Scott's music video for his song I Know.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group