By JACQUELINE LINDENBERG and SHARON MAI FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  03:44, 18 June 2024   |  Updated:  03:14, 19 June 2024   
 45
View  comments
Kim Kardashian snubbed ex-husband, Kanye West, on Father's Day as she opted to stay silent on social media over the holiday on Sunday. 
The SKIMS founder, 43 - who recently enjoyed a tasty slice of pizza while celebrating her daughter North West's 11th birthday - was married to the rapper, 47, from 2014 until their divorce was finalized in November 2022. 
The former couple share daughters North, 11, and Chicago, six, as well as sons Saint, eight and Psalm, five. 
Her silence on Instagram comes just days after the Heartless hitmaker was spotted on a dinner date in Florence with wife, Bianca Censori - who opted for a sheer dress without underwear underneath.  
It appears the last time the reality star paid tribute to West on Father's Day was back in 2021 amid their divorce. 
Kim Kardashian, 43, snubbed ex-husband, Kanye West, on Father's Day as she opted to stay silent on social media on the holiday on Sunday
Her silence on Instagram comes just days after the Heartless hitmaker was spotted on a dinner date in Florence with wife, Bianca Censori - who opted for a sheer dress without underwear underneath (seen above) 
At the time, she uploaded a throwback photo of Kanye posing with their four children and sent Happy Father's Day love 'to all the amazing dads,' including Caitlyn Jenner and brother, Rob Kardashian. 
Earlier this month during an episode of Hulu's The Kardashians, Kim got candid about single motherhood and admitted that she doesn't have 'support.' 
While heading to jury duty, the TV personality called one of her close pals and said that she was a 'pushover' and wished she could be more 'strict' like her younger sister, Khloe. 
'They know when to con me and when to throw the little, you know, start with the tears so I'm like, "Stop, stop, sure, take an iPad," you know, just stop.' 
And in a confessional, the star expressed, 'I just have to be like, "I don't care if you're gonna throw a tantrum in front of everyone right now. The answer is no."' 
Back in the car, Kim emotionally added, 'I don't have that support and that really sucks and I know I really have to like get it together.' 
'You know, I'll always be there for my kids and I'll ride out anything with them, but to say that it doesn't take an emotional toll sometimes, would be lying.' 
She later said, 'Sometimes it gets just like a little intense. I want to be more strict like Khloe but I don't know why I have a hard time just saying no is no. I think I also just don't want to deal with the whining and the tears of not getting their way.'
The former couple share daughters North, 11, and Chicago, six, as well as sons Saint, eight and Psalm, five
Earlier this month during an episode of Hulu's The Kardashians, Kim got candid about single motherhood and admitted that she doesn't have 'support'; former couple seen in 2020 in Beverly Hills 
On Sunday, Kris Jenner also paid a Father's Day tribute on her main Instagram, and included a photo of Kanye in a collage of images
The Kardashians star added she is, 'open to anything at this point, because I just can't live like this, like I've ran out of my patience and that what my like superpower was, calm and patience.' 
On Sunday, Kris Jenner also paid a Father's Day tribute on her main Instagram, and included a photo of Kanye in a collage of images. 
'Happy Father's Day to all of the dads in our lives and all of the dads, step dads, grand fathers and father figures out there! I hope your day is filled with so much love,' she penned in the caption. 
Other snaps included Travis Scott, Tristan Thompson, Caitlyn Jenner, Robert Kardashian, Travis Barker and also Scott Disick. 
Kim kept busy over the weekend as she celebrated her daughter North's 11th birthday in NYC with some of her close friends.  
On Saturday, the group stopped by Paint Me Bear, an art studio located in the heart of Manhattan.
The mother-of-four donned a short-sleeved, light gray shirt as well as a fitted, dark gray tank top. She additionally slipped into a pair of sculpted, gray leggings and a pair of open-toed pumps to complete the look.
Her daughter - who officially turned 11 on Saturday - held an excited smile on her face as she strolled closely behind her mother to head to their next destination after a visit to Paint Me Bear.
Kim kept busy over the weekend as she celebrated her daughter North's 11th birthday in NYC with a group of her close friends
During the festivities, they grabbed a quick bite at Joe's New York Pizza located in Greenwich Village - where Kim paused for fun selfie videos
North and her friends all sported pink 'I [heart] NY' pajama bottoms as well as matching, black shirts that had, 'North's 11th birthday party' printed on the front.
Kim was also joined by a few close pals of her own, including La La Anthony and media personality Kai Cenat during the birthday celebration.
During the festivities, they grabbed a quick bite at Joe's New York Pizza located in Greenwich Village - where Kim paused for fun selfie videos. 
According to Page Six, The Kardashians star whisked herself, North and a group of her friends to the Big Apple in her private jet last week on Friday.
Upon arriving to the city, they made a stop at the popular eatery, Serendipity3, located on the Upper East Side and indulged in scrumptious treats, such as ice cream sundaes and frozen hot chocolate.
The group also sported different, matching pajamas that had 'I [heart] NW' on the front - mimicking the iconic 'I [heart] NY' shirts. 
Also on Saturday, Kim penned a sweet birthday tribute to her eldest daughter which was uploaded to her main Instagram page, along with an assortment of throwback images. 
Also on Saturday, Kim penned a sweet birthday tribute to her eldest daughter which was uploaded to her main Instagram page, along with an assortment of throwback images
The architect, 29, bared it all as she opted to go without underwear underneath a sheer cloak-like dress while enjoying a dinner date with the rapper, 47, at Il Palagio restaurant in Florence, Italy; seen in February in Milan 
A few days earlier, Kanye West's wife, Bianca Censori, left little to the imagination in another very risqué outfit on Thursday.
The architect, 29, bared it all as she opted to go without underwear underneath a sheer cloak-like dress while enjoying a dinner date with the rapper, 47, at Il Palagio restaurant in Florence, Italy.
Meanwhile, in complete contrast, West wore a casual, covered-up outfit, sporting a white, long-sleeved top with pants and sneakers.
At one point during their meal, Censori got up and nearly flashed other diners as she walked to their table, strutting in embellished sandals with a tall, chunky heel.
This comes shortly after the couple took an economy flight to Tokyo, where Censori made a shocking display when she stepped out in a revealing thong leotard and showcased her backside during a shopping trip.
Also during the dinner on Thursday in Florence, West appeared to be checking her out as she passed by in front of him
Also during the dinner on Thursday in Florence, West appeared to be checking her out as she passed by in front of him. 
He reportedly was also seen shooting videos of her walking around in her not-so-modest outfit.
Censori is no stranger to over-the-top risqué and jaw-dropping fashion as she has often been seen wearing increasingly revealing looks since she married the 24-time Grammy winner in December 2022.
She hasn't been restricting herself to flesh-flashing outfits in the States and last year raised eyebrows her her racy fashion parade around Italy.
During the previous Italian trip in 2023, Censori wore a slew of eccentric outfits during the couple's getaway.
No strangers to scandal, West and Censori continuously raised eyebrows over their choices in clothing, with Bianca's barely-there looks sparking fury from locals.
Censori is no stranger to over-the-top risqué and jaw-dropping fashion as she has often been seen wearing increasingly revealing looks since she married the 24-time Grammy winner in December 2022
At the time her sheer and mesh outfits, which left her breasts clearly visible, were described by social media users as 'disrespectful' in a country known for its conservative Catholic heritage.
Another bizarre 'outfit' was debuted in Florence last year where she clutched a purple pillow to her chest while roaming the city streets.
One of the infrequent, recent occasions was when she made the rare move of covering up in an opaque version of her sheer cloak dress at the airport in Japan.
That particular instance was their first public outing since West's former assistant filed a bombshell sexual harassment lawsuit against him.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group