When the producer of the REAGAN film approached dozens of legendary artists of the last 40 years with the idea of contributing a song inspired by the film, the result was an eclectic collection that will be released shortly in support of the film. CCM group Sweet Comfort Band has contributed the new song, “Do I Say Goodbye,” to REAGAN: Songs Inspired by the Film. “Do I Say Goodbye” was written by Sweet Comfort Band’s lead singer Bryan Duncan. REAGAN film and music producer Mark Joseph invited Duncan to read the script, watch the movie, and then contribute a song for the inspired by album which will be released soon. Following a successful theatrical run, REAGAN is now available for Digital download on all major Digital retailer platforms, including Amazon Prime Video, Apple TV, Google Play and Vudu, among others, via Lionsgate. The biopic, which stars Dennis Quaid in the title role, is set for release on Blu-ray and DVD on November 19. Pre-orders are available now.
REAGAN: Songs Inspired by the Film also includes “Start the World Over Again,” originally started by Ronald Reagan and Mike Curb and now finished by Lee Greenwood, “Do We Wanna Win?” by Tanya Tucker, “A Shining City on a Hill” by Travis Tritt, “Always,” by The Commodores, “I Knew It Would Be You,” by Josh Turner and Kathie Lee Gifford, “I Still Believe In America,” by former Van Halen and current Extreme frontman Gary Cherone, among many others.
These artists joined a select group of artists who contributed new recordings which are featured in the film including Bob Dylan, Gene Simmons and Clint Black. Others featured in the film include Robert Davi who recorded two songs by Frank Sinatra “This Town,” and “Nancy With The Laughing Face,” as well as Creed frontman Scott Stapp and CCM singer/songwriter Moriah who performed Sinatra’s “Swinging On A Star” and “Bel Mir Bist Du Schon,“ respectively, in nightclub scenes in the film.
The film also includes hits of various eras depicted in Reagan’s life, including “Wild Thing,” by the Troggs, “Land of Confusion,” by Genesis as well as a cover of “Sweet Child of Mine” by CCM acoustic and electric guitarist and vocalist Phil Keaggy.
We talked to Bryan Duncan about the track:

 Sweet Comfort Band
Notice: The information in the post above may have been formatted to suit this website, but is not necessarily material originally created by, or is exclusive to CCM Magazine. CCM Magazine is a part of the Salem Media Group, America’s leading radio broadcaster, Internet content provider and magazine and book publisher targeting Christian audiences.
You must be logged in to post a comment.