E-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
Sign up for email newsletters
E-Edition

			TRENDING:		
NEW PALTZ, N.Y. — The Police Chiefs Association of Ulster County will be honoring law enforcement personnel and civilians for their efforts at an upcoming awards banquet, an announcement said.
The ceremony is scheduled for Wednesday, May 22, and will take place at Novella’s New Paltz, 2 Terwilliger Lane.
The banquet will begin with a “posting of colors,” by the Honor Guard and Ulster County law enforcement agencies, followed by bagpipes and drums, played by retired Master Sgt. William Hennessey of the U.S. Army Reserve and retired Police Officer Duke Bunce of the Town of New Paltz Police.
An opening message will be delivered by Vice President of the Chiefs Association Town Of Ulster Police Chief Kyle Berardi. His remarks will be the President’s Message, delivered by Scott W. Schaffrick, Rosendale Police chief and president of the Police Chiefs Association.
“As the President of the Police Chief’s Association of Ulster County, I would like to personally express my sincerest gratitude and thankfulness for the actions of the officers, deputies, and troopers who are here to be honored tonight,” Schaffrick said in a prepared statement.
Next in line for the evening is the invocation, by Chaplain Heinrich Arnold of the Police Chiefs Association. After the invocation will be the dinner, followed by the awards ceremony.
Following is a list of award recipients, along with summaries of the actions for which they are being honored. Information on the awards and recipients was provided by Berardi.
New York State Police Investigator Joseph Manner, Violent Gang Narcotics Enforcement Team
On Jan. 9, 2023, Manner executed a search warrant, secondary to a narcotics investigation, resulting in
the seizure of a loaded 9mm Smith and Wesson firearm. On Jan. 15, 2023, Manner, after conducting surveillance for a narcotics investigation, conducted a
vehicle and traffic stop in which he located and seized a loaded Polymer 80-940c handgun.
On Sept. 25, 2023, Manner executed a search warrant pursuant to a narcotics investigation and seized a
loaded High Point .40 caliber-firearm, five ounces of crack cocaine, and two ounces of fentanyl.
Ulster Police Department Detective Sgt. Cheryl Benjamin
On Aug. 2, 2022, Benjamin responded to an address in Lake Katrine for a report of a 14-year-old female who was unconscious and unresponsive. Upon her arrival, Benjamin began life-saving measures on the juvenile while other officers were responding from other parts of the town.
As time passed, Benjamin continued to perform CPR on the juvenile until medical personnel called the time of
death. This began a long and intense investigation, which Benjamin was eager to see to the end.
After a year-long investigation, Benjamin was able to create a timeline of the events leading up to the juvenile’s death. The investigation revealed that two adults were aware of and contributed to the juvenile’s consumption of drugs, alcohol, and fentanyl, which subsequently caused her death. After re-interviewing witnesses, executing several search warrants, and reviewing the case with the district attorney’s office,  Benjamin, was able to build a strong case.
On Sept. 26, 2023, the two adults responsible for the death of the juvenile were indicted, located, and charged. Both subjects were charged with manslaughter in the second degree, criminally negligent homicide, assault in the second degree, criminalsale of a controlled substance in the third degree, criminal sale of a controlled substance to a child, and criminal sale of a controlled substance in the fifth degree.
Ulster County Sheriff’s Office Detective Gary Wells
In March of 2023, Wells adopted a case involving the sexual abuse of two females, which was reported to the FCAC in Janurary 2023 but was not pursued because of a lack of disclosure from the victims. In April 2023, another report was made naming the same suspect, but this time, it was reported that there were two additional juvenile victims. Wells was the lead on this case as well.
After interviewing the juvenile females from the second report, Wells and other members of his unit located and interviewed the suspect. Enough evidence was prepared and presented to a grand jury, which subsequently indicted the suspect on one count of course of sexual conduct against a child in thesecond degree and two counts of sexual abuse in the first degree.
Shortly after the indictment, Wells interviewed the females from the first report who did not initially disclose and, this time, was able to obtain full disclosures from both victims. After presenting this case, the grand jury indicted the same child predator on two counts of criminal sex act in the second degree.
The suspect ultimately pled guilty to a course of sexual conduct in the second degree, sexual abuse in the first degree, and criminal sex cct in the second degree.
Investigator Christopher Buhler, New York State Police Highland
On July 15, 2023, Buhler received a complaint of a sexual assault that had occurred in the town of Shawangunk. With the assistance of troopers from state police at Highland, he conducted interviews and collected both digital and physical evidence that led to the development of probable cause to arrest two male suspects.
The two men were charged with raping two separate victims’ multiple times at the location in the town of Shawangunk. This investigation, led by Buhler, resulted in the arrest of both. Both were subsequently charged with two counts of rape in the first degree and one count of the criminal sex act in the first degree.
Troopers John Henriksen and Logan O’Connor, New York State Police Kingston
On Oct. 5, 2023, Henriksen and O’Connor conducted a traffic stop and suspected that the driver was impaired. During their investigation, a search of the immediate grabbable area in the vehicle was conducted, yielding a 30-round magazine containing 20 rounds of ammunition and two illegal handguns. The driver was charged with criminal possession of a firearm and criminal possession of a weapon in the second degree and third degree.
Less than two weeks later, while riding double once again, Henriksen and O’Connor conducted a traffic stop on a vehicle occupied by two subjects. During the interview of the occupants, the troopers found suspicion in the conflicting stories that they were being told. After consent was provided to search the vehicle, Henriksen and O’Connor located and seized 310 grams of crack cocaine and multiple morphine pills. Both occupants were charged with criminal possession of a controlled substance in the first, third, and seventh degree.
Officer Caelin Fagerstrom, Rosendale Police Department; and Officer Ralph Leiter & K-9 Cruise, Ulster Police Department
On March 4, 2023, Fagerstrom responded to an erratic vehicle complaint. After observing the same vehicle committing multiple vehicle and traffic law violations, Fagerstrom conducted a traffic stop on the vehicle. After interviewing the driver and making several observations, Fagerstrom requested a canine to assist with his investigation.
Shortly after, Leiter and his K-9 Cruise responded to the scene. Cruise, trained in narcotic detection, alerted his handler to the presence of narcotics within the vehicle. A subsequent search of the vehicle yielded heroin, crack cocaine, and ammunition. Additionally, Cruise discovered a lock box that was located in the vehicle. With the assistance of Investigator Colin Bell and the Ulster County District Attorney’s Office, a search warrant was executed on the locked box. An illegal ghost gun was located within, with DNA confirmation that it was in contact with the driver. As part of the investigation, a quantity of cash was also seized.
Ulster Police, Kingston Police, New York State Police, Ulster County District Attorney’s Office
On Nov. 7, 2022, members of the Ulster Police Department responded to the 9W Motel in the town of Ulster to attempt to locate a 14-year-old female who was overdue from her residence, which was located in Lloyd. Upon arrival, officers began knocking on the door and heard a scuffle within. Officers quickly established a perimeter and located the missing 14-year-old juvenile exiting the rear window of the room. After securing the juvenile, the officers attempted to gain compliance from the other party in the room, who had barricaded himself. The Ulster Detective Division and Crisis Negotiators responded and attempted to make contact with the subject. Based on the subject’s criminal history, the Kingston/Ulster Emergency Service Unit was also deployed.
After almost six hours of negotiations, the 31-year-old male finally exited the room and surrendered. An intensive investigation ensued, which revealed that the police had intercepted the male’s plan to leave the area with the juvenile. After four months of criminal proceedings, the defendant requested to take the case to trial. During the four-day trial, members of the Ulster Police Department, the Kingston Police Department, and the state Police crime lab were called to testify. Ultimately, the Ulster County District Attorney’s Office successfully prosecuted the case and received a guilty jury verdict. In October 2023, the defendant was convicted of five counts of rape in the second degree and three counts of criminal sexual act in the Second Degree. He was sentenced to 56 years in state prison.
New York State Police Highland Highland Bureau of Criminal Investigations, Uniform Patrol, Major Crimes Unit, Forensic Identification Unit and Computer Crimes Unit
On Jan. 2, 2023, the New York State Police-Highland uniform patrol responded to a 911 call for a male lying in front of a residence in the Town of Plattekill. It was later determined that the male was deceased and was a victim of a shooting. The case was deemed a homicide.
The State Police Highland Bureau of Criminal Investigation and the Troop F Major Crimes Unit began an investigation. Using pieces of electronic and digital evidence, as well as knowledge and experience, the investigators developed leads that led to two suspects. Investigators developed evidence that tracked one suspect from the homicide scene in Plattekill to the city of Poughkeepsie, where a suspect discarded the homicide weapon into the Hudson River. The weapon was later recovered and contained the DNA of one of the suspects. Subsequently, state police arrested and extradited the suspects from the states of Florida and South Carolina.
Officer Patricia Vincent, Rosendale Police Department; and Sgt. James Riley and Deputy Sophie Wolff, Ulster County Sheriff’s Office
On Feb. 10, 2023, Vincent responded to a violent father/son domestic incident. Upon arrival, she interviewed a family member who advised that one person was holding the other down and choking him. Being cognizant of the past incidents at the location, Vincent safely approached the residence, posted at the entryway, and began giving verbal commands with negative results. From her vantage point, Vincent was able to secure a physical description of one of the persons involved and provided this information to incoming patrol units.
Shortly after, Riley and Wolff arrived on the scene and entered the residence in an attempt to locate both people. An unconscious and unresponsive male was located during the initial search. Once the residence was cleared, Vincent and Wolff began CPR on the male. With the description that Vincent had put out over the radio, responding units located the fleeing subject approximately one mile from the residence.
Sgt. Eric VanAllen, Detective Tiffanie Baney, Detective Jason Charest, Detective Michael Defrance, Officer Mark Schatzel, Officer Bryan Aitken and Officer Travis Wilber, Kingston Police Department
On Jan. 14, 2023, the Kingston Police Department received a 911 call for shots fired, with two vehicles shooting at each other on Smith Avenue in the area of O’Neil Street. The report resulted in every available officer converging on the area in an attempt to locate the shooters. Within minutes, with the help of officers and detectives, a perimeter was established at a possible location of where a suspect was located, an article search was conducted, subsequently locating two handguns that were later identified as being used during the crime, as well as one of the suspect vehicles.
Detective Sergeant Andrew Zell, Sgt. Eric VanAllen, Officer Paul Herrling, Officer Mark Schatzel, Officer Frankie Saracino, Officer John Solian and Dispatcher Madison VanCuren, Kingston Police Department
On Jan. 25, 2023, after receiving an officer requesting assistance call from the Ulster County Sheriff’s Office, numerous members of the Kingston Police Department immediately responded to the area of the Wiltwyck Gardens Apartments on Albany Avenue in the city of Kingston. Upon arrival, initial responding units were met by a deputy from the Ulster County Sheriff’s Office stating that while she was there to serve an eviction, the male party displayed a weapon and then barricaded himself in the bathroom and refused to surrender.
Due to numerous apartments being in close proximity and the apartment complexes being located on a highly traveled roadway, officers immediately closed the roadway and secured the area while a plan was developed utilizing the assistance of the Kingston and Ulster Emergency Services Unit on how to safely evacuate the neighboring apartments. While uniformed officers were working, Defrance attempted to make phone contact with the male resident in question. After several attempts, Defrance was able to establish a rapport with the male. The male said he had a gun under his chin and was distraught for being evicted from his apartment. After a half hour of negotiation, Defrance was able to persuade the male to place the weapon on the floor and exit the apartment, where he surrendered to members of the Ulster County Sheriff’s Office.
Officer Matthew Bagalonis and Officer Ernest Vandemark, Kingston Police Department
On May 28, 2023, Bagalonis and Vandemark while on patrol stopped a white Mercedes sedan on Mary’s Avenue in the city of Kingston for a traffic violation. As they approached the vehicle, they observed that the vehicle was occupied by four males. Knowing their city well and having numerous dealings with the occupants of the vehicle they were able to gain enough probable cause to conduct a search of the vehicle, subsequently locating two loaded handguns and several rounds of ammunition. Two of the occupants were subsequently taken into custody and charged with criminal possession of a weapon. As a result of their work, two illegal handguns were taken off the street.
Ellenville Police Department
In early April 2023, the Ellenville Police Department responded to a call for an assault of a 16-year-old male that occurred at the Berme Road Park in the village. The assailants continued assaulting the victim as he attempted to flee throughout different locations in the village until two citizens stopped and confronted the assailants, where they finally stopped the attack and fled the scene. The citizens tended to the victim until help arrived.
As a result of interviews of witnesses and the obtaining of video of the attack that was posted on social media, members of the Ellenville Police Department were able to quickly identify all five teenagers who were responsible for the attack on the victim. All five were immediately located and taken into custody and with gang assault in the second degree and assault in the second degree.
Sgt. Brianne Quigley and Officer Caelin Fagerstrom, Rosendale Police Department; and Trooper Gregory Candela, New York State Police Kingston
On July 11, 2023, Fagerstrom, Quigley, and Candela responded to a 911 call for a vicious dog attack on Madelin Lane in the town of Rosendale. Upon arriving, Fagerstrom and Candela entered a confined area of a deck where the victim was located. Using a baton to protect themselves and the victim, they were able to extricate the victim and secure a gate behind them, providing a temporary secure area that allowed for  emergency lifesaving treatment of the victim. Candela was able to apply his tourniquet, as Fagerstrom and Quigley provided additional medical aid. If not for the lifesaving measures of Candela, Fagerstrom and  Quigley the victim might not have survived.
Lt. Bernard Davis, New York State Police Kingston
On May 28, 2023, a 911 call reported a medical emergency on the New York State Thruway. The caller stated that their granddaughter was unresponsive and drooling from her mouth. While waiting for emergency services to arrive, the grandparents attempted CPR, but the child remained unresponsive.
At the same time, Davis was on his way to work and heard the EMS tones over the radio. Without hesitation, Davis responded to the scene and arrived before EMS or other first responders. He immediately began chest compressions and back blows to the toddler, who began to breathe again. Davis continued to render aid to the child until EMS arrived on the scene.
The child was transported to Albany Medical Center, where she was diagnosed with RSV and made a full recovery. If Davis had not been aware of the 911 poll, heard the EMS tones, or stopped rendering aid, the outcome for this little girl would have been much different.
Officer Patricia Vincent, Rosendale Police Department
On Oct. 7, 2023, Vincent responded to an adult male who had fallen and was experiencing difficulty breathing. Upon arrival, initial CPR had begun, and Vincent then conducted an assessment and inquiry as to what led to the event. Based upon her assessment, Naloxone was administered in addition to continuing CPR and using the automated external defibrilator. Vincent was later assisted by Marbletown First Aid and a paramedic from Empress Ambulance Service. As a result of all involved, the patient survived.
Officer Yazmine Cabrera, New Paltz Police Department
On Dec. 9, 2023, Cabrera, while on her way to work, stopped at the state Thruway Plattekill Service Area to grab a drink and a snack. As she returned to her vehicle, she noticed a male subject lying on the ground. The male was unconscious and unresponsive. A friend of the subject advised Cabrera that they believed the male had overdosed. Cabrera immediately grabbed the Naloxone kit that she kept in her duty bag and administered a dose to the subject. She immediately began CPR while a bystander called 911. Shortly after, EMS arrived and cared for the patient, who ultimately survived. At the time of this incident, Cabrera only had five months on the job.
Sgt. Christopher Miller, Lloyd Police
On Aug. 21, 2023, Miller, along with officers Nicolis and Deis, responded to the Walkway Over the Hudson for a reported suicidal female. Upon arrival the female in question was on the southside of the walkaway hanging over the railing. Miller immediately initiated contact and started to build a rapport with the female while members of the Poughkeepsie Police Department’s Negotiation Team responded to assist.
Miller’s quick actions and ability to keep the victim talking prevented the situation from escalating and allowed negotiators to respond. After six hours the female safely returned to the other side of the railing and was transported to a local hospital for treatment.
Officer Oliver Menon, Saugerties Police Department
On Oct. 27, 2023, Menon and Officer Jackie Zhang were dispatched to a residence in the village of Saugerties for a 57-year-old male who was reported to be unconscious and unresponsive. Menon immediately began CPR while Zhang set up the automated external defibrillator. As a result of their efforts, the male regained a pulse and became conscious.
Less than two months later, on Dec. 11, 2023,  Menon responded to the Kiwanis Ice Rink for a subject who complained of chest pains and was slowly losing consciousness. Upon arrival, Menon observed a group of people trying to assist the male. He calmly took control of the situation, directed the others involved to assist with life-saving measures, and immediately began emergency medical care. After minutes of CPR and multiple shocks from the automated external defibrillator, the male regained a pulse.
Officer Javier Castaneda, Ulster Police Department, Dispatcher Dominic Carlucci, Ulster County 911
On July 18, 2023, Carlucci received a call for an unconscious and unresponsive 6-year-old female who was located at a residence in the town of Ulster. Carlucci began using his training to calm the calling party to effectively begin CPR instruction. At the same time, Castaneda, an off-duty Ulster police officer who lived across the street, ran to the mother, who was screaming for help. After pushing through the residence,  Castaneda began tending to the child. After a quick assessment, Castaneda learned that the child was last seen alert and conscious while in the tub. It was later determined that the child, who was unsupervised during a bath, had ingested a fatal amount of water and was subsequently “dry drowning.”
Officer Castaneda began life-saving measures, ultimately releasing some of the ingested water and opening an airway for the child. At the hospital, medical personnel advised the police that if it were not for the swift actions of Castaneda, the 6-year-old would have experienced irreversible or fatal consequences. The girl made a complete recovery and began second grade that September.
Detective Salim Agha, Plattekill Police Department; and Bryant Jensen and Michael Buckley, civilians
On Oct. 12, 2023, Agha was dispatched to a report of a serious motorcycle accident. While on route to the call, responding units were advised that one subject had a severe leg injury. Upon arrival, Agha observed two males, later identified as Jensen and Buckley, rendering aid to the victim, who had a severed leg. These men used a belt as a tourniquet and applied it just above the victim’s knee. Agha immediately acted and replaced the belt with his department-issued tourniquet. The tourniquet application to the victim’s femoral artery controlled his bleeding and allowed him to survive the accident.
New Paltz Police Officers Caelen Marsh and Tiffany Claud, State Police Lt. Steven Shaddick, and SUNY New Paltz Police, Ellenville Police, Kingston Police and Ulster County District Attorney’s Office
On Aug. 6, 2023, while New Paltz Police officers were trying to gain compliance from a combative subject, a large group surrounded the officers, attempting to interfere with the arrest. As many officers were attempting to control the crowd, a separate fight erupted at the nearby intersection. Members of the state police, SUNY New Paltz Police, and the Ulster County Sheriff’s Office responded to the area to assist.
Marsh located a male in the middle of the roadway who was bleeding from the chest. Marsh, with the assistance of Claud and Shaddick, began providing lifesaving treatment for an open chest wound. These actions saved the life of the victim. The other units that had responded secured the scene, located witnesses, and developed information to identify the suspects involved in the assault.
Over the next four months, investigators from all of these agencies worked together to build a case. Ultimately, on Dec. 5, 2023, a grand jury indicted four defendants for attempted assault in the first degree, assault in the second degree, attempted gang assault in the second degree, assault in the third degree, and criminal possession of a weapon in the fourth degree.
Officer Patricia Vincent, Rosendale Police Department; and Deputy Gabrielle LaLima, Ulster County Sheriff’s Office
On Feb. 4, 2023, a male subject and his passenger were traveling on state Route 213 in the High Falls area when their car was involved in a serious collision. Given the severity of the report, Officer Patricia Vincent began responding to the scene to assist Deputy LaLima from the Ulster County Sheriff’s Office. While on route, Officer Vincent requested that a helicopter be placed on standby. Upon her arrival, Officer Vincent observed that the male was unresponsive and in cardiac arrest, which was later determined to be the cause of the accident.
Officer Vincent directed the patient to be brought to the ground while requesting that an AED be prepped. After the male was placed on the ground, where Officer Vincent began CPR. With the assistance of Deputy Lalima, an AED was attached, and a shock was administered, followed by a continuation of CPR. After the arrival of the Marbletown First Aid Unit and two shocks from the AED, a pulse and minor movement returned. The male was transported to HealthAlliance Hospital, where he fully recovered.
Retired Chief Joseph Sinagra, Saugerties Police Department
Sinagra retired from the Saugerties Police Department on Sept. 24,2023, after serving 36 years in law enforcement. During his career, Sinagra held positions from patrol officer to chief of police. Prior to becoming a police officer in 1987, Sinagra worked as a paramedic in rockland and Orange counties.
Sinagra started his law enforcement career in 1987, with the New York State Palisades Park Police. Sinagra then worked for the Town of Montgomery Police Department, eventually being recruited by the Orange County District Attorney, working as an undercover narcotics officer with the Orange County Drug Task Force. In 1989, Sinagra was hired by the Town of Ulster Police Department, where he served for 22 years. In 2008, Sinagra graduated from the 233rd session of the FBI National Academy. While employed with the Town of Ulster,Sinagra completed his college education, receiving his bachelor’s degree in criminal justice and a master’s degree in public administration from Marist College.
In December of 2011, Sinagra, then a deputy police chief, left the Town of Ulster Police after being recruited by the Town of Saugerties, to become its first Deputy Police Chief. On April 27, 2012, Sinagra was sworn in as the chief of the Saugerties Police Department, serving both the Town and Village of Saugerties residents for 12 years before to his retirement.
Sinagra is a past president of the New York State Association of Chiefs of Police, past president of the Mid-Hudson Chiefs of Police Association and past president of the Ulster County Chiefs of Police Association. Sinagra currently is a member of the NYSACOP Traffic Safety Committee and the Ulster County Traffic Safety Advisory Board, and also works per-diem as an assessor for the New York State  DCJS Accreditation program.
Retired Cap. Mario Restivo, NYSP Kingston
Restivo, a lifelong Ulster County resident, embarked on his law enforcement journey in 1992 with the Town of Rosendale Police Department, serving as a police officer/investigator until 1998. Concurrently, he dedicated two years to the Ulster County Sheriff’s Office as a deputy sheriff.
In 1998, Restivo transitioned to the Beacon Police Department, where he served as a police officer until 2000, when he received an offer from the state police. Following his academy graduation, he assumed the role of a uniform trooper at State Police Kingston and State Police Highland. He advanced to the position of investigator within the Bureau of Criminal Investigations, contributing his expertise to investigations across State Police Catskill, State Police Kingston, and State Police Highland.
Restivo accepted the position of senior investigator with the Community Narcotics Enforcement Team, Hudson Valley Region. He was promoted to a uniformed lieutenant in the Field Command Division Headquarters. Desiring to return to his roots, he assumed the role of lieutenant/assistant zone commander at State Police Kingston until his eventual promotion to captain/zone commander, a distinguished position he held until his retirement in 2023, marking three decades of service.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group