Taylor Swift's dad has been having a good old gossip about his daughter's love life with a fellow passenger on a flight, according to a viral TikTok video.
Scott Swift was travelling on a Southwest Airlines flight out of New Orleans when his seatmate Taylor Moore got to talking to him about his famous daughter. Taylor later shared her encounter - including footage of Scott on TikTok - as she revealed the details of their conversation.
The woman claimed that proud dad Scott spoke glowingly of Taylor's current boyfriend Travis Kelce in their chat. She said: "He did talk about how much he loves Travis for her, which was super cute."
Moore said that Scott enthused about how he "loves them together" adding in a veiled swipe at her former lovers "out of all of her boyfriends in the last 12 years Travis has made the biggest impact."
Speaking in her TikTok Moore said: "I'm the girl that was sitting next to Papa Swift," as she described how her conversation just naturally flowed with the financial advisor and that she "did not even have to ask him questions," as he happily spoke about his beloved daughter.
She said: "I did not ask anything about Travis," adding that Scott allegedly said Travis "has a phenomenal family" and that "he knew Jason Kelce's wife's dad [Ed McDevitt, father to Kylie Kelce] before they started dating and so he said … 'I knew they [the family] were amazing."'
Taylor was previously in a six-year relationship with British actor Joe Alwyn, 33. The duo split in April 2023 shortly before Taylor began dating Travis. She has had a series of high-profile relationships over the years with stars including Matty Healy, Jake Gyllenhaal, Taylor Lautner, Tom Hiddleston, John Mayer and Calvin Harris.
Moore said that Scott also proudly showed her some footage from Taylor’s New Orleans Eras Tour shows.
She said: "He [Scott] did spend a ton of the plane ride showing us… so many videos from the concert, from the New Orleans shows and he was, like, pointing out his favorite parts in the different shows. He was so proud. He was like, 'Look how she does this, look at this, I love this part.' Cutest thing in the world."
She added: "He was just spilling every bit of how proud he was of Taylor, a lot about his life, a lot about what they do, all of the good stuff. He was just talking from start to finish, he was ready to tell all."
Despite easily recognising Taylor's dad Moore said she did not attend any of Taylor’s shows herself as she was "not a massive fan." She also claimed Scott had taken guitar picks from his pocket when their conversation began to confirm that he was Taylor's dad. Her original footage of Scott was captioned: "Just Mr. Swift on my flight home from NOLA."
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.