Don't miss a single acceptance speech or live performance.
THE 2024 GRAMMY Awards are being held tonight at the Crypto.com Arena in Los Angeles. Hosted once again by Trevor Noah, the ceremony will honor some of the most popular and influential musicians working right now. The evening will feature live performances from U2, Billie Eilish, Dua Lipa, Burna Boy, SZA, Olivia Rodrigo, Luke Combs, Billy Joel, and Travis Scott. Most notably, the legendary Joni Mitchell will be taking to the Grammys stage for the first time in her decades-spanning career.
Perhaps unsurprisingly, Taylor Swift is up for a whole bunch of awards as she winds down from her record-breaking Eras Tour; "Anti-Hero" is nominated for both Record of the Year and Song of the Year, and Midnights is a strong contender in the Album of the Year category. 
Olivia Rodrigo's album GUTS and lead single 'Vampire' are also in the running, as is Miley Cyrus' viral hit "Flowers." Several songs from the Barbie soundtrack—which dominated airwaves and playlists in the latter half of 2023—are up for awards too, with Billie Eilish's 'What Was I Made For?' anticipated to get some love. And Jon Batiste, whose album World Music Radio and documentary American Symphony received considerable critical acclaim last year, is nominated in multiple categories.
The awards ceremony will be broadcast live on CBS, starting at 8 p.m. Eastern and 5 p.m. Pacific.
Paramount+ will be live-streaming the ceremony from 8 p.m. Eastern / 5 p.m. Pacific for Paramount+ with Showtime subscribers. Essential membership holders will be able to watch the show on demand the following day. The Grammys will also go out on multiple digital live-streaming platforms, including YouTube TV, Hulu+ Live TV, Fubo, and Sling.
You can also stream the Grammys premiere ceremony, featuring the awards categories that don't get included in the main broadcast, before the main event. This earlier celebration also includes live performances from Jordin Sparks, Pentatonix, J. Ivy and Larkin Poe. Watch for free at live.grammy.com or on the Recording Academy's YouTube channel at 3:30 p.m. Eastern / 12:30 p.m. Pacific.
Philip Ellis is Sex & Relationships Editor at Men's Health, and author of the novels We Could Be Heroes and Love & Other Scams. His other work has appeared in Teen Vogue, British GQ, and The Independent.
The History Behind That ‘Thunderbolts*' Reveal
The Only Right Order to Watch the MCU Movies In 
10 Essential 'Thunderbolts' Comics for Marvel Fans
The ‘Thunderbolts*’ Credits Scenes, Explained
Yes, Joshua Jackson Is Really That Charming
The Best Star Wars Is Back With ‘Andor’ Season 2
‘The Studio’ Is 2025’s First Must-See Comedy
'Thunderbolts' Is a Throwback to Great MCU Movies
Exclusive First Look: Jensen Ackles's 'Countdown' 
The Story of the Coffee Beans in ‘The Last of Us'
‘The Last Of Us’ Jumps Forward for Season 2
Diego Luna Brings Andor Down to Earth
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazines, Inc. All Rights Reserved.