By SHARON MAI FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  04:26, 20 February 2024   |  Updated:  05:09, 20 February 2024   
 20
View  comments
Emily Ratajkowski looked cozy yet chic as she stepped out in New York City on Monday.
The 32-year-old model put on a stylish display in a green, leather bomber jacket with white patchwork sleeves and a cream-colored midi skirt with an asymmetrical hemline.
She completed her look with a pair of burgundy, knee-high boots with a kitten heel and yellow laces. 
She was seen toting around a black, quilted leather purse with a gold chain and hardware.
The My Body author — who was last seen modeling a tiny string bikini and relaxing on the beach in Miami over the weekend — kept her brunette, long bob down in a straight hairstyle.
Emily Ratajkowski looked cozy yet chic as she stepped out in New York City on Monday. The 32-year-old model put on a stylish display in a green, leather bomber jacket with white patchwork sleeves and a cream-colored midi skirt with an asymmetrical hemline
To shield her eyes from the sun, she sported a pair of slim retro shades.
Underneath her sunglasses, the actress appeared to be sporting a light makeup look featuring a mauve pink glossy lip.
Around her neck, she appeared to be wearing a delicate, silver necklace and dainty earrings. 
The Gone Girl star appears to have just returned from her weekend getaway in Miami Beach.
Recently, she has been keeping busy as she last starred as Travis Scott's romantic interest in his steamy I KNOW? music video. 
As for her upcoming project, Ratajkowski is in the final talks to join Lena Dunham's Netflix romantic comedy TV series titled Too Much.
According to Variety, she will star alongside Megan Stalter and Will Sharpe.
Stalter will play Jessica, a single workaholic recovering from her last relationship, as she decides to start over and move from New York City to London.
She completed her look with a pair of burgundy, knee-high boots with a kitten heel and yellow laces. She was seen toting around a black, quilted leather purse with a gold chain and hardware
The Gone Girl star appears to have just returned from her weekend getaway in Miami Beach. For her upcoming project, Ratajkowski is in the final talks to join Lena Dunham's Netflix romantic comedy TV series titled Too Much
Recently, she has been keeping busy as she last starred as Travis Scott's romantic interest in his steamy I KNOW? music video
She then meets Felix, who is played by Sharpe, as they try to determine if Americans and Brits 'speak the same language'.
Ratajkowski will play the role of Felix's ex Polly, who is the exact opposite of Jessica. 
Dunham will write and direct the 10-episode series, which features original music from her husband Luis Felber.
The pair will also serve as executive producers alongside Tim Bevan, Eric Fellner, Michael P. Cohen, Surian Fletcher-Jones and Bruce Eric Kaplan. Camilla Bray will be the producer. 
As the show is still in very early stages, production has not begun and a release date has not yet been announced. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group