By the 1980s, McDonald's was already a well-established fast-food chain with an iconic menu and signature branding.
Ray Kroc opened the first McDonald's franchise location in Des Plaines, Illinois, on April 15, 1955. That year, he also founded McDonald's System, Inc., which would become the McDonald's Corporation we know today. 
By 1958, McDonald's had sold 100 million burgers, and the restaurants had taken on a signature design style that prominently featured the chain's iconic "golden arches."
The 1980s were a major period of growth for McDonald's.
The Deseret News reported that McDonald's restaurant sales reached $1.62 million in 1989, compared to $1 million in 1979, and sales outside the US grew from $900 million in 1979 to $5.3 billion in 1989.
While some aspects of eating at McDonald's have remained the same, some feel iconically '80s.
Here's what it was like to eat at McDonald's in the 1980s.
Architect Stanley Meston designed the original look for McDonald's restaurants, which featured a red-and-white color scheme. When the McDonald brothers first saw the design for their new restaurant, they were concerned that the roof was too flat.
Meston recommended adding the now-iconic golden arches to the building's roof to create a more dimensional look.
A location in Downey, California, is the oldest still-operating restaurant featuring the original red-and-white design.
This London restaurant, pictured in 1985, looks remarkably similar to urban McDonald's restaurants of today. 
This outdoor courtyard, with its wooden tables and benches, looks quite different from most McDonald's seating areas now, though some McDonald's locations are still housed in historic buildings.
There are still surprising, unique McDonald's restaurants around.
Before the 1960s, the McDonald's menu was simple. It included burgers, cheeseburgers, fries, milkshakes, and other fast-food classics. The first new item to be added to the national menu was the Filet-O-Fish sandwich in 1965.
In 1968, the Big Mac was released nationwide, followed by the Quarter Pounder with cheese in 1973. In 1979, Happy Meals were introduced for the first time. 
USA Today reported that many customers in the 1980s were looking to reduce their fat intake and were shaking up their diets by introducing more lean protein and poultry.
For McDonald's, adding chicken to the menu was a no-brainer.
Today, employees often wear T-shirts that reflect the chain's most popular and current promotions.
For McDonald's customers in the 1980s, the restaurant was a symbol of America, which translated into the chain's advertising campaigns. 
In honor of the 1984 Olympic Games in Los Angeles, McDonald's introduced the slogan "If the US wins, you win." With every purchase, McDonald's customers received a scratch-off ticket that revealed a certain sporting category.
The New York Times reported that if a US Olympian won gold in that category, they could exchange the ticket for a free Big Mac. A silver earned you free french fries, and a bronze medal won customers a free Coke.
The Tuscaloosa News reported that customers were caught off guard when Reagan made an unplanned stop at an Alabama McDonald's restaurant in 1984.
"The President of the United States ordered a Big Mac, a large order of fries and sweet tea, proffered a $20 bill from his right front pant pocket, got his $17.54 in change, and looked around for a place to enjoy his meal," a reporter on the scene later wrote in 2006. 
When asked about the last time he had eaten at McDonald's, Reagan replied that it was before he "got this job."
"But I kind of miss it sometimes," he continued. "I figured as long as I had the opportunity, I might as well take advantage of it and stop."
Jump to