FlaglerLive
No Bull, no Fluff, No Smudges
September 26, 2024 | FlaglerLive | 20 Comments 
The 35 or so people who turned up for Wednesday evening’s Flagler Tiger Bay Club candidate forum, and the 80 or so who watched at least a portion of it on YouTube (at last count) would have gotten a general understanding of where the candidates stood on several local issues. But sharp differences between the candidates were surprisingly rare, and specific answers to questions even rarer, though too many questions lent themselves to open-ended speculation and the sort of bromides no one can quibble with: everyone wants lower taxes, everyone wants more jobs, everyone wants a capable city manager, everyone wants Tallahassee’s help.
A few questions about temperament, public private partnerships and the “westward expansion” yielded more insights, and the candidates themselves had moments more revealing than they may have intended.




The forum featured just six candidates in four races, three of them for Palm Coast City Council seats: Cornelia Manfre and Mike Norris for Palm Coast mayor, Ray Stevens and Andrew Werner for the District 3 City Council seat, and Jeff Seib for the District 1 seat. Ty Miller, who is facing Seib in that runoff, was ill with Covid, so did not attend. Adam Morley, the Democratic candidate for the Florida House district that includes all of Flagler, was seated between Manfre and Norris (as if those two needed a blue helmet between them). His Republican opponent, Sam Grego, was a no-show.
The main event seemed like the mayoral race between Manfre and Norris–whose results soundly defeated incumbent David Alfin. While the strong personalities of previous mayors made it seem like they were leading a strong-mayor form of council–Jon Netts, Milissa Holland and David Alfin all fit the mold–the winner on Nov. 5 won’t have greater power than other council members. Either Manfre and Norris would nevertheless continue that tradition of strong-personality, if not strong, mayors.
They drew the first question. Its poor wording aside (an irony, given the context), it was on the most current and controversial topic of the day: the city’s proposed end to borrowing and leasing limits that have been in place since the city’s founding. By charter, those limits may only be exceeded with voter permission through referendum. The charter amendment would lift that barrier. The proposal has been controversial on its merits, but also because of its poor wording–so poor that two of the four current council members voted to remove it from the ballot. They failed. Most candidates for the council have spoken against it, including the two mayoral candidates. A month ago the question might have seemed hard-hitting. It has since mushed into a soft and threading ball. Both Manfre and Norris enjoyed whacking it.
“I think I was probably the only person in the city that stood up at the time on 2 July and said, Hey, you guys shouldn’t do this. You should just amend the charter to account for inflation,” Norris said. He’s willing to lift the current borrowing limit of $15 million to $60 million. “They’re asking for something that they shouldn’t have, and we should limit the borrowing power of the city, and I won’t back that referendum,” Norris said.
If it were a council meeting, Manfre would have seconded him. Or vice versa. The referendum is not worded properly, she said. It gives the council “carte blanche borrowing power. And I believe that our founding fathers wanted us to have some kind of controls on what we are going to borrow for, or you go out to the public. I do not agree with this referendum.” Her more immediate concern is a sewer plant the city has not built, with capacity running out.




The question was later rephrased to focus not so much on the referendum as on its private-public partnership component: the referendum, if successful, would more easily allow the city to enter into such partnerships, most of which can be intractable and difficult for the public to understand, especially since a legislative change that could diminish oversight and accountability. Seib was more amenable to partnerships, but he did not seem comfortable with the subject. He went into a tangent about tax breaks to private companies, which he also supports.
Stevens took a different track that didn’t seem to have much to do with the question. “I don’t think the city should be putting itself in a position to enter into competition with private enterprise,” he said, whether it’s a YMCA or a golf course.
Werner provided the more thoughtful and pragmatic answer, and the most specific to a council member’s responsibilities. It was also one of the clearest answers of the evening: “It depends on what the proposal is,” Werner said. “Some things that I think that we really need to be looking at before we enter in something like that is to make sure everything is absolutely transparent and in the public. If we’re going to be entering into a public-private partnership, everyone should understand exactly what we’re getting into. I think that the details need to be laid out in a timeline, just so that we know exactly what to expect. And I also think that the partnership should be even for both sides, and we should have everything in place to know exactly what is expected of both sides, and it needs to be followed through. So if you can do that, and it is something that is favorable to the community, I think that that could be a good thing.”
Manfre piggy-backed on Werner’s answer: “What is it? Where is it going? What’s a profit? Who’s getting the money?” she asked rhetorically.




They were less specific about how to improve the city’s economy, other than, in Manfre’s view, “collaborative work with other cities” and attending conferences, or in Norris’s view, advertising for industry. Seib referred to the tax base being “skewed” toward homes and said the city should fund an “economic development ecosystem,” but the response did not go beyond the generality. Stevens said it should start with improving infrastructure, “But I think it’s pie in the sky to think that we’re going to to attract major industry here in Palm Coast, like Mercedes Benz world headquarters,” though no one on the panel had raised that possibility. He said the city should attract companies in electronics. But he didn’t say how.
“We really sell ourselves here on Palm Coast, we have been rated the second safest city in the state of Florida,” Warner said. “I can’t think of a business who wouldn’t want to come and be a part of our community.” Other than complaining about “red tape”–an old trope that the city administration has gotten over in many regards–he did not provide further insights on why businesses weren’t moving to the city.
A question repeated to most candidates about the specific type of companies they’d bring to the city lent itself to more speculative answers, though the candidates weren’t to blame for that. Not a single council member going back to the founding of the city (or county commission member going back further) has ever “brought” a company to the city. The closest such successes were Holland’s negotiations to bring the University of North Florida and Jacksonville University to Town Center–not companies, but educational institutions. The feat hasn’t been repeated nearly as often as the question asked of candidates, despite its inapplicability: elected officials aren’t recruiters.
The question was more aligned with a council member’s capabilities when a panelist asked Seib what he would do to make it easier for start-up companies to establish themselves in the city. Shorten the time for permitting, he said–or provide tax incentives. Seib may be the most well-rounded and educated of the candidates, with the deepest history in Palm Coast (who else could make a reference to Jerry Full, the ingenious founding council member?) He alone has the sort of institutional history the council has lost. He is the only candidate with long service on city advisory boards even preceding incorporation. But he’s also the wonkiest of the candidates, the best skilled at underselling himself, and often the most wooden in his public presentations.




“I became involved with the Palm Coast Community Service Corporation, immediately attending meetings with then and then being appointed to the council in 1997 to 1999,” he said. “I also worked with Jerry Full at that time to have the abandoned Lehigh Valley Railroad tracks converted to the Rails to Trails program.” (Another undersell: instead of taking credit for seeding the city’s celebrated and famous trails system, he referred to it by an age-old reference few remember). He served eight years on the Palm Coast Beautification and Environmental Advisory Committee. “I am a fiscal conservative and an environmental conservationist. I have run my campaign as a low budget grassroots effort. Money shouldn’t buy a position, words and actions should achieve it,” he said. Civil to a fault, he never alluded to Miller, his opponent, let alone take advantage of his absence.
Aside from one Morley quip about Greco–who, in all fairness, deserved it–none of the candidates sniped at each other. Not even Stevens, the retired New York cop with a pugilist’s twinkle in his eyes: he and Werner jokily leaned away from each other when someone took a picture of the two. During the forum, they each held their fire, though they didn’t seem to have any anyway.
It was a matter of time before the so-called “westward expansion”–Palm Coast’s designs on doubling the city’s size, west of U.S. 1–would come up. It did at the half-hour mark, with a question to Morley and whether he’d continue to support it legislatively–as Paul Renner, the representative he hopes to replace, very much did by sending $105 million Palm Coats’s way in legislative pork. The money is to pay for the loop road between Matanzas Parkway and Palm Coast Parkway, through the vast, currently empty lands of the west.
“I’d like to let my opponent answer first,” Morley said, too quick for the questioner, who did not get the joke. “He’s not here, and he hasn’t been, and he probably won’t be once he’s elected, either,” Morley said of Greco without saying his name. (Morley is one of the sharpest candidates to run in the past decade in any local races, but he’s done so as a Democrat, the political equivalent of a suicide run in an ever-reddening district, and without the bricks of political action committee money Republicans can depend on.)
Morley’s all for the expansion, but not as currently planned–or unplanned. “The state has done away with the Department of Community Affairs, which used to help communities better manage their growth,” he said, referring to former Gov. Rick Scott’s demolition in 2011 of the state agency once responsible for balancing growth with environmental stewardship.  “When the state did away with that, it was left up to the communities, and developers kind of just came in and did as a pleased. Now, as we are getting back towards a more conservation minded public, I think that we need to start focusing on better strategies of growth. But yes, I am willing to work to continue that, that project and getting the resources here to our district.” (Morley was equally strong in defense of small businesses as an investment in local communities.)




Werner, asked how he’d ensure that the city’s legislative gravy train would continue–unlikely, now that Renner and Sen. Travis Hutson and the privileges of leadership they’d brought have been term-limited out–didn’t go beyond saying that he’d work closely with the new legislators: it’s all elected officials can do. But the salient question in that regard–would the new council members retain the Southern Group, the city’s lobbying firm that weathered some criticism in June, was never asked.
Almost every candidate spoke then or on the campaign trail of keeping the lid on taxes. Every candidate has also spoken of the importance of investing in infrastructure. One of the questions asked them to explain the contradiction. Responses largely dodged. Norris said it was a matter of “diversifying our tax base” with the previously mentioned mystery industries that aren’t coming.
Manfre gave candidates’ well-worn answer in almost every race for every local government since the dawn of local governments: “The city needs a city manager that can get in there and look at all these departmental budgets and see where there’s potential for cutbacks.” (Palm Coast’s administration has repeatedly gone through that exercise over the past few years. At almost the very same time that Manfre was answering, Council members Nick Klufas and Theresa Pontieri were saying in a council budget hearing how proud they were of the staff’s diligence in finding cost-savings, and in its transparency.)
Werner said it’s a matter of priority. “Identify some of the biggest areas of concern for our residents and make it a priority through the budgeting process,” he said, describing what the current council has been doing, albeit by short-changing itself by repeatedly reducing the tax rate. Seib alone was not opposed to adding a half-penny sales tax (if the county commission were to approve) to pay for public safety. But Seib alone was asked that specific question.




“I am in everything that has to do outdoors type of guy,” Werner had said, describing himself in his introduction. “We all want safe roads. We all want safety in our community, clean water, good schools and good services,” along with “economic vitality.” But it was something he said at the midpoint of the forum that seemed to sum him up in his approach to public policy. He is not an ideologue who sees things in black and white, he’s not a firebrand, he’s not into showmanship. “Somewhere in the happy middle is where I land,” he said. He was referring to growth. But the characterization seems to be his calling card.
Stevens was more blunt: “My core beliefs, number one, first and foremost, once again, is to put the brakes on what I and many others believe is this uncontrolled or poorly planned development that’s putting a strain on our infrastructure to include, but not limited to sewer, water, roadways, general, overall quality of life,” he said. Secondly, he’s opposed to tax increases “until all other cost saving measures have been fully explored and exhausted,” although in that regard no other candidate would speak differently.
Manfre and Warner spoke of supporting a YMCA in Town center, a plan only fractionally funded by the Legislature, but not without hope from private sector partnerships (which is how YMCAs are typically built). Neither provided specifics on how to get past the wish.
In her opening statement Manfre delivered one of the stronger lines of the evening when she said: “A mayor has to have the temperament, a balanced temperament, not a temper, to be able to focus on getting a council to come to agreement on the major issues that have to be put before us in the city.” The statement was clearly directed at Norris, whose temper, documented on video and spoken of by members of the Republican Executive Committee past and present, has been a concern.




One of the questions, gently put to him by one of the panelists, asked him about how he’d “manage constituents who speak their mind during council meetings.” The question would have never been asked, say, of the late Jon Netts, or even Alfin when he ran three years ago. Norris answered in a circuitous way, speaking of the various organizations he’s been a part of, then of the people who came into his office (“treat them respectfully and take care of their needs”) and of the public speaking he’s done over the years. “Dealing with organizations and meetings, it’s no problem for me.”
Norris did eventually fall into his own trap, though the question wasn’t intended as such. He was asked how he’d handle city staff and limitations on council members’ authority to direct staff. It is illegal for an elected official to direct staffers. They may issue directions only to the city manager. Manfre made that clear. “It is not the place for the City Council to be directing the staff at all,” she said.
Norris’s answer was more revealing–and concerning: “Believe it or not, being in the military and the things I’ve experienced in my life, the city manager, city council-type of government that we have within the city fits my personality fine,” he said. “I like being able to go to one person say, Hey, Adam, can you make sure that happens? So I think that that’s great.”
But that, too, would be illegal–unless Norris had the consensus of the council. Aside from routine check-ups into, say, a missed garbage route or a troublesome pot hole or a constituent’s inability to get answers about something, no single council member may go to the city manager and request (or demand) that anything policy-related be done.
The panelists weren’t done with Norris. The last question posed to him queried him about his “leadership style and temperament to build consensus and collaboration amongst city council members while remaining compliant with Sunshine laws.” He reverted to comfort corporate words. He said he’s always been a team player–couldn’t have been in the military for so long without being a team player. “I have been a leader my entire adult life,” he said.
It was the only temperament-related question posed to Manfre. “I really believe that Palm Coast would like to see a calmer City Council,” Manfre said. “I believe I have the leadership skills for providing that.”
There were questions about the kind of city manager the new council will want to hire. The question elicited responses such as “professional manner,” “apolitical,” “proven track record,” “problem solvers,” “financial capabilities,” “demeanor.” Manfre said “I would like to see our processes tightened up, our employees trained on the time value of money.” The characteristics all could be summed up in one word: technocrat. No one mentioned creativity, originality, daring, humor, culture, intelligence, worldliness. Palm Coast’s Levittown origins never seemed so sharply in its future.

Fernando Melendez says 
September 26, 2024 at 5:07 pm
We are in DEEP trouble.

Pappy says 
September 26, 2024 at 7:00 pm
People need to understand, westward expansion is a done deal no matter who is elected. It would be dumb to turn down the millions from the state that can only be used for the “loop” road. So the question becomes, which candidates support the best use of the westward land and developments? Those with ties to the developers and are willing to change current agreements that have the developers responsible for infrastructure and recreational developments like Miller and Manfre should not be allowed to represent we the people.

Eat the rich says 
September 26, 2024 at 7:19 pm
GOP have no ideas to help anyone. Only line the pockets of their constituents. Greed over people.

Nephew Of Uncle Sam says 
September 26, 2024 at 7:54 pm
Thank you for reporting on the Tiger Bay Forum, yet all of your snide remarks could have been left out of the story.

Jane Gentile Youd says 
September 26, 2024 at 7:59 pm
We  have a golden candidate for State Rep; one who was born in Flagler County and raised at Princess Place and who devotes his entire life to family, all of our well being and our environmental king of k ings ( ask Eric Cooley – he and Adam have gone out together many times to clean up our polluted waters and beaches.  Adam has even pressure washed sidewalks himself and gave my husband a great idea 3 years ago when we were trying to get our HOA to clean our original concrete roads from 1986:  He told Mark to just pressure wash in the middle of the road ” Clean me’ and he did!  In a few weeks we got our subdivision together, got 3 bids and lo and behold all concrete original Plantation Bay sub areas road were cleaned.  You can even see the difference on our property appraiser’s we site photos!   
Adam will be a leader for all of us; party is nonsense compared to the real issues facing us.  We need people who love people like Adam and who will NEVER kiss ass of any developer.  He couldn’t llive with himself if he did.   I am a registered Republican supporting Adam Morley with all my heart . 
I hope the y’all read all about this from the heart, down to earth, intelligent, personable fighter for us we will have in Tallahassee if we elect Adam Morley to State House,     
 Adam’s REPUBLICAN funded cloned puppet opponent is a transplant who is an insult to anyone who has lived here more than 2 years.  He just moved here a few months ago.   Adam in Flagler County; he was born here.  GO ADAM GO!

Listened on WNZF Livestream says 
September 26, 2024 at 8:35 pm
What’s happened to Ty Vincent Miller?  He didn’t show up (again) for the candidate forum.  
You know, he’s the one running for Palm Coast City Council District 1.
Jeffrey Seib showed up as he always does. 
Has Ty Miller dropped out of the race?  He hasn’t bothered to show up for any of the candidate forums. 
Does he ever attend city council meetings? 
Or does he think that being backed by big money from the Flagler Home Builders Association is all he needs to get elected to the Palm Coast City Council? 
Ty Vincent Miller has got to be the laziest and most disinterested candidate we’ve ever had in Palm Coast politics.

Backslapping Commission says 
September 26, 2024 at 10:36 pm
Interesting take on a very long forum with some convoluted questions. Werner did a lot of talking
but said nothing of substance. I listened to the entire forum and still don’t know anything about
Werner’s background and what he has done for the last 20 years, or more importantly where he
stands on the issues most important to a vast majority of the residents and neighbors I have spoken
to. Such as, the development explosion and the effect it is having on increased flooding, traffic,
infrastructure and the negative impact it is having on the quality of life in general.
Seib was the first to make the statement “it depends on what the partnership is” not Werner.
Frankly, Werner was the one that “piggy backed “on the other candidates answers, listen to the
tape of the forum. Werner cannot take a stand on the over development taking place because
Werner is heavily supported by real estate and development dark money, check his financial reports
on the SOE’s website. Also Mr. Werner has NOT been transparent as to who he is as evidenced by
the fact he refused to list his current employment, his financial statement or his resume for his
Flagler Live Interview.  At this point I would like to add Mr. Stevens closing remarks which were
not included in this article: “I am going to use my time for closing remarks to address the issue
of Real Estate and developer Dark money PACS that are infiltrating our elections. I am concerned
and we should all be concerned that any candidate that excepts dark money from these PACs where
is their allegiance going to lie, with the people of Palm Coast or the People of the Real Estate or
developer PACs that have pumped thousands of dollars into their campaign? I have self funded
my campaign, I owe no one and as result my allegiance will be to the people of Palm Coast  and
not some Dark Money Pac out Of Tallahassee, Gainesville, or Orlando. so that being said, I am
ready to work for the people of Palm Coast and only the people of Palm Coast because I have no
hidden agenda”.

Celia Pugliese says 
September 27, 2024 at 12:13 am
Yes we are in DEEP TROUBLE unless Ray Stevens, Jeffery Seib and Mike Norris are elected!  Their opponents are all propped and campaign financed/paid by PACS, developers, realtors or other special interest! Two of them have barely reside in Palm Coast two years and maybe still struggling with their GPS to find their way around or lobbying for a chicken coop in every PC residential lot as the most contribution done in his 3 minutes plead in city council meetings.
As sometimes happens I do not agree with this time with Pierre regarding his description wonkie (faulty) or wooded (lack spirit) about Jeffery Seib. Also we rather have a blunt candidate Stevens that tell us like it is, than one that beats around the bush saying nothing to not upset his high dark money contributors. Some panelist had the audacity to insist with a very unbecoming attitude were candidate Stevens disclosed that the planned YMCA in Palm Coast will not have a pool…when is of public record said by city DeLorenzo in the city council meeting. I even spoke against it for not having a pool in PC then we do not need the YMCA to come and compete with our existing GYMS.. That panelist will do itself a favor being better informed next time other than being impertinent. By the way we are just fine with Mr. Norris, as to be so appreciative to staff maybe needs to stop, when their work at times appears to be favoring others than the local residents first. Needles to say that Adam Morley only one to show for the state seat should get our vote! Only one that really cares for our district!

The dude says 
September 27, 2024 at 5:53 am
If you want to better understand why business won’t locate here, in spite of the favorable location, just look at the people.
The workforce is by and large too uneducated or just too old here. 
Plus the absentee rate during palmetto berry picking season would be way too high to be able to properly plan for.

Laura H says 
September 27, 2024 at 8:50 am
I remember Adam from 15 years back when he was trying to start a small business recycling program (think it even included a compost facility?) in St Johns. For decades he has been a beacon for  building connections and empowering communities. He is a creative independent thinker who will have my vote regardless of political registration.

FlaglerLive says 
September 27, 2024 at 9:39 am
Ty Miller was ill, as reported in the article. Covid, we were told.

A republic if we can keep it.. says 
September 27, 2024 at 1:48 pm
COVID did not stop Donald Trump from debating president Biden ..or infecting multiple coaches during prep . Almost killed Christy but I don’t think he cared too much .

A republic if you can keep it says 
September 27, 2024 at 1:56 pm
If you like a “reality “ show or clown cars vote for Miller, Greco,  if you want serious people seems like Seib and Morley who seem to know our needs would be the choice.

A republic if you can keep it. says 
September 27, 2024 at 2:15 pm
I don’t know what you’re talking about my IRA is doing great ..Oh wait that right it’s a democrat administration . If numnuts wins again get ready for:
The people that cut your grass $$$
The people that fix your roofs, build houses, repairs  $$$$$*
The people that clean your hotel rooms $$
The farmers will have two choices buy John Deere 200% tariff $$$$$ or buy Chinese, Korean, Indian equipment $$$. Farmers and food companies will have to add a little $$$
Tariffs on Chinese goods , guess who pays ? $$$$
Devaluation of the US $ , guess what that does .
It’s their” policy “ when you actually think about it .
*you’re throwing 10 million people who do some of these jobs out, courts will be inundated , kids born here lawsuits .
This guy is a lying clown of a moron. Sorry to break this to you.

Thomas Oelsner says 
September 27, 2024 at 3:26 pm
Does anybody in the business world understand what is involved in locating/relocating a company other than a storage unit? My guess, no. I have been in management (VP) from startups to multibillion dollar international companies. Companies don’t generally move for quality of life. It takes incentives-taxes, commitments from banks, utilities, etc. to make a business case. In my 7 years here, it is amazing how our elected officials and candidates don’t understand it. Now if all you are interested in a retirement community, that’s fine. But thinking you will get it from these general candidate comments,  that’s your call.

KKely says 
September 27, 2024 at 4:48 pm
Speaking of not showing up,  both Werner and Miller declined the invitation to attend the NAACP forum. I believe failure to attend a forum conducted by a community organization shows disrespect and contempt for the voter. Stevens and Seib both attended and much to their credit made informative presentations.

Celia Pugliese says 
September 27, 2024 at 8:51 pm
You are totally correct! Both Stevens and Seib are needed in city council! The only one’s that will vote for us the residents first.

Celia Pugliese says 
September 28, 2024 at 9:29 am
Regarding the question to candidates about what they will work for Economic Development to attract business here in our industrial parks like Hargrove Grade with a rail spur on it, called my attention some of the great ideas by Ray Stevens were clean industry like medical supplies manufacturer as we are expanding our health care facilities and the Mednexus -Fl University schooling in Town Center. Also he mentioned electronics manufacturers as well.  Unfortunately Cornelia Manfre intention to bring in a cell tower wires manufacturer is not welcomed by us if they manufacture they will want to use those towers here as well. The pressure will be again “the location” as we do not want to have to spend in lawyers fees to defend our homes and health again! Also Cornelia mentioned some supplier of baby/young moms manufactured items. Sound to me that with our Flagler cunty hospitals not even having maternity care offered in this county, the success for tax incentives will be a waste of our hard earned tax dollars for both her ideas. The outdoors man Mr. Werner ideas for a county and cities were the per capita income is $42,218 I do not believe will succeed either. Then lets give tax incentive for businesses relocating here to create jobs that make sense please.

Celia Pugliese says 
October 1, 2024 at 7:37 am
When the truth of Dark money Campaign Funding beneficiary is denied. as cheap!
Thank you Candidate Ray Stevens!https://askflagler.com/

Voting against Mr. Angry. says 
October 7, 2024 at 4:56 pm
Manfre isn’t great but Norris is a powder keg waiting to pop. It’s clear he only thinks his opinion matters and no one else should have an opinion. I’m tired of that kind of leadership. Everyone should have a seat at the table and Manfre will do that. Norris won’t. I’m done with chaos in my government.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 Notify me of follow-up comments by email.
 Notify me of new posts by email.
Δ
This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed.
Log in