Mar 23, 2024
Oct. 24, 1937-March 21, 2024
NEW ULM–Sharon Kaye Hulke, age 86 died peacefully on Thursday, March 21, 2024, at the Benedictine Living Community in St. Peter.
Funeral service will be 11 am on Wednesday, March 27, 2024, at Our Savior’s Lutheran Church in New Ulm.  Pastor David Nissen will officiate, and burial will follow in the New Ulm City Cemetery.
Visitation will be held from 4-7 p.m. on Tuesday, March 26th, 2024, at the Minnesota Valley Funeral Home-North Chapel in New Ulm.  The visitation will continue from 10-11 a.m. on Wednesday at Our Savior’s Lutheran Church prior to the service. To leave an online condolence for her family, or to sign the guestbook, go to: mvfh.org
Sharon is survived by her daughters, Lisa Hulke of Clearwater, Florida, Jamie (Scott) Schaefer of Scandia; her son, Scott (Kathy) Hulke of New Ulm; her grandchildren, Luke Guggisberg, Tyler (fiancé Brianna Pietsch) Guggisberg, Megan (Willie Osborne) Hulke and their daughter Kennedy Osborne, Travis Hulke, Emma, Ian, and Elliot Schaefer; her sister, Connie (Michael) Hatch of New Prague; sisters-in-law, Sharon Johansen of Menomonie, Wisconsin, Marilyn Hulke of New Ulm, Sandra Meyer of Courtland; her brother-in-law, Narve Nelson; and many other nieces, nephews, relatives and friends.
She was preceded in death by her parents; her husband, Ronald Hulke in 2014; her sisters, Mavis Woods, Vreela Nelson; and her brothers-in-law, Marion Woods, Larry Hulke, and Tom Johansen.
Sharon Kaye Muller was born October 24, 1937, in rural Minden, Nebraska – Kearney County to Otis and Mildred (Newbold) Muller.  The family later moved to New Ulm, where Sharon attended and was a 1955 graduate from New Ulm High School.  She furthered her education attaining her degree as a registered nurse at the Naeve Hospital in Albert Lea.  Sharon touched countless lives while she worked as a loving, dedicated nurse and caregiver from early in her career where she worked in New Ulm, South Dakota, and Nebraska, before the family settled back in Courtland.  While working in New Ulm, Sharon worked for the Loretto Hospital, Union Hospital, and eventually the Allina New Ulm Medical Center before retiring.  Even in her retirement, Sharon continued to serve as a volunteer at the New Ulm Medical Center as well as the New Ulm Medical Auxiliary.  Besides her work, Sharon was an incredible care giver to her family.  As a loving mother, wife, and provider, she shared her talents in the kitchen baking, cooking, and canning countless wonderful meals and treats for her family.  As a gifted crafter, she also shared her skills on the sewing machine creating quilts and other crafts her family will share with generations to come.  Sharon was known for her green thumb, and in the summers could be found tending her beautiful flower gardens.  As a woman of strong faith, Sharon was a devout and dedicated member of Our Savior’s Lutheran Church in New Ulm where she was a member of the church choir, the bell choir, as well as the church’s social circle.  Sharon will forever be remembered for her fun-loving, outgoing, caring heart.  She always took time to visit with family and friends, and kept those strong connections to the very end.  Although Sharon lived a strong and beautiful 86 years of life, she will be dearly missed by all who knew and loved her.  Blessed be her memory.
Mvfh.org
Copyright © 2025 Ogden Newspapers of Minnesota, Inc. | https://www.nujournal.com | 303 N. Minnesota St., New Ulm, MN 56073 | 507-359-2911