Fanatics CEO Michael Rubin set out to host one of the most exclusive Super Bowl parties in Sin City this year – and certainly delivered on that promise.
The annual Fanatics Super Bowl party, held Saturday at Marquee Dayclub at The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas, brought over 1,000 guests together for an epic party-meets-music festival ahead of the big game.
Kim Kardashian and Odell Beckham Jr. were amongst the numerous celebrities in attendance, along with the reality star’s sisters Khloé Kardashian and Kendall Jenner.
The Skims founder and the NFL star appeared to make separate entrances into the party amid ongoing dating rumors.
However, once inside, an eyewitness spotted them sharing a quick, friendly hug as they found each other near the center of the outdoor party area.
They both stayed low-key, with Kim spending the majority of her evening with Khloé and family pal La La Anthony and Beckham Jr. mingling with his own crew.
At one point, Rubin introduced Kim, Khloe and Kendall to The Kid LAROI as the group sipped 818 Tequila from a private cabana. Meanwhile, OBJ was seen congratulating longtime friend and former roommate Druski on the upcoming premiere of his new show “Coulda Been House.”
Elsewhere in the party, Tom Brady was spotted smiling and hugging Rubin while chatting with fellow partygoers Cam Newton and Jalen Rose shortly after the event’s red carpet wrapped up.
Other VIP guests spotted mingling throughout the night included Tate McRae, Alix Earle, Ne-Yo, Glen Powell, Queen Latifah, Jelly Roll, Diplo, Charli and Dixie D’Amelio, Vanessa and Nick Lachey, Paul Rudd, Gayle King, Guy Fieri, Corey Gamble, Russell Wilson, French Montana, Robert Kraft and Lil Baby.
Notable athletes in attendance included Shaquille O’Neal, Joe Burrow, Braxton Berrios, Peyton Manning, Damar Hamlin, DeSean Jackson, Victor Cruz, Maxx Crosby and Chad “OchoCinco” Johnson.
The exclusive event featured 18 special performances by stars like Travis Scott, The Chainsmokers, Remy Ma, Meek Mill, Fabolous, Ciara, Quavo, Fat Joe, Sheck Wes and E-40.
At one point, Justin Bieber – who attended the party with wife Hailey Bieber – even came out on stage to dance with Scott and Rubin as DJ Zack Bia played his 2015 hit “What Do You Mean?”
Bieber’s appearance at the bash further fueled reports claiming the singer could be joining Usher as a special guest during Sunday’s Super Bowl halftime show. The two have a long history as Usher played a significant role in helping launch Bieber’s career alongside manager Scooter Braun.
Meanwhile, Ice Spice performed her latest viral hit, “Think U The Shit (Fart),” for the second time ever after debuting it at Spotify’s Best New Artist Grammys bash in Los Angeles earlier this month.
Other memorable onstage moments at the Fanatics event included Scott pulling a fan up on stage to help him sing “No Bystanders” during the finale set. The young partygoer impressively rapped along with Scott, not once missing a beat as he hyped the crowd up.
The “Sicko Mode” rapper also requested at one point for all the house lights to be turned off as he shouted, “It’s shot-o-clock!”
Comedian Kevin Hart was spotted vibing on stage during the finale with Meek Mill, Fabolous and Micah Parsons while sipping Gran Coramino Tequila.
The Fanatics bash was hands-down one of the most star-studded parties that popped off in Vegas in celebration of Super Bowl LVIII.
Many of the celebrities who were on the guest list are also expected to attend Sunday’s NFL championship game between the Kansas City Chiefs and San Francisco 49ers at Allegiant Stadium in Paradise, Nev.
Tune in to watch the festivities, beginning with pregame entertainment from Reba McEntire, Post Malone and Andra Day, starting at 6:30 p.m. ET/3:30 p.m. PT Sunday on CBS, Nickelodeon and Paramount+.
Advertisement