Getty Images (2)
Like mother, like daughter! Taylor Swift’s mom, Andrea Swift, attended the Kansas City Chiefs vs. Denver Broncos game with the pop star and was spotted carrying a chic Chiefs-coded accessory with a tribute to her daughter’s boyfriend, Travis Kelce.
Andrea, 66, was photographed entering Arrowhead Stadium on Sunday, November 10, wearing a red quarter-zip shirt with a black wrap, black pants and black sunglasses. However, the star of her outfit was a red Versace purse worth $2,175, according to Page Six. A $550 yellow Versace scarf customized with a red patch featuring Travis’ jersey number, 87, was tied to one of the straps.
The former marketing manager coordinated with Taylor, 34, who also dressed in a business casual style for the big game. The “Cruel Summer” hitmaker turned heads in a gorgeous black corset top paired with a red and black houndstooth skirt and matching blazer draped over her shoulders. She completed the look with black knee-high boots and a matching Versace purse.
Not only were the Chiefs victorious at the end of the game on Sunday, but it was also a historical night for Travis, 35, who tied with a past Chiefs player for scoring the most touchdowns in franchise history. Taylor and her mom cheered for the tight end from a VIP suite at the stadium during the big moment.
The Grammy winner has been in the stands for more than a dozen football games since she went public with Travis in September 2023. She’s often brought Andrea and other family members, including dad Scott Swift and brother Austin Swift, along for the fun.
This was Andrea’s second week in a row attending a Chiefs game with her daughter. She was also spotted at Arrowhead Stadium when the Tampa Bay Buccaneers played against Travis’ team on November 4. For that event, she sported a black jacket with the phrase “In My Chiefs Era” embroidered in red text — a nod to both Travis and Taylor. Austin, 32, and Scott, 72, also attended the game, making it a complete family affair.
The Swifts appear to be blending very well with Travis’ family, which includes mom Donna Kelce, dad Ed Kelce, brother Jason Kelce and sister-in-law Kylie Kelce. The family members have been spotted engaging in friendly moments at Chiefs games on multiple occasions. Andrea and Donna, 71, went viral for a sweet hug they shared at the Chiefs vs. Cincinnati Bengals game on September 15.
While the Swifts have let their actions speak for them, Mama Kelce has opened up about what it’s been like to interact with Taylor’s loved ones.
“It’s still really, really new, and I really appreciate it,” Travis’ mom told Entertainment Tonight at the premiere of FX’s Grotesquerie on September 23. “Wonderful people, very down-to-earth, very Midwestern. Ohio and Pennsylvania are right next to each other, so we kind of understand each other, so it’s really kind of nice. It feels like home.”
A woman who sat next to Scott on a flight out of New Orleans also recently claimed that the financial advisor gushed about Travis and his family.
“He did also talk about how much he loves Travis for her, which is super cute,” the woman said in a TikTok video on October 29. “He did say out of all of [Taylor’s] boyfriends in the last 12 years that Travis has made the biggest impact and that Travis has a phenomenal family.”
Conversation
All comments are subject to our Community Guidelines. Life & Style does not endorse
						the opinions and views shared by our readers in our comment sections. Our comments section is a place
						where readers can engage in healthy, productive, lively, and respectful discussions. Offensive language,
						hate speech, personal attacks, and/or defamatory statements are not permitted. Advertising or spam is
						also prohibited.
					
Life & Style has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
Life & Style is part of the a360media Entertainment Group.Copyright © a360media 2025. All Rights Reserved
By clicking Sign In, you agree to our Terms and Conditions and that you have read our Privacy Policy.
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include:
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include: