Travis Kelce joked about Jason Kelce's choice of shirt for his first appearance on ESPN's Monday Night Football, quipping that he was surprised his brother "didn't just go shirtless."
Travis Kelce can't believe his brother didn't fumble his first-day outfit. 
After Jason Kelce admitted he left his "travel bag" in the truck ahead of his debut as an NFL analyst on ESPN's Monday Night Football, the Kansas City Chiefs tight end joked about being shocked his sibling wound up pulling together an outfit at all.
Sharing a clip of Jason confirming that he had to buy a white button-down at the mall at the last minute for his first day on the job, Travis wrote in a message on X Sept. 9, "Surprised he bought a new one and didn’t just go shirtless."
And while Jason did, in fact, opt to cover up for his TV hosting duties, he wasn't exactly pleased about the clothing item. 
"It fits my belly now, I've lost a little bit of weight," Jason told his Monday Night Football co-analysts Marcus Spears and Ryan Clark, as well as anchor Scott Van Pelt, during the Sept. 9 show, "but my tits are still struggling."
Following Travis' quip, many were quick to point out other times Jason didn't manage to come quite as prepared for an event.
Alongside a photo of Jason cheering on his little brother while shirtless during Kansas City's face-off against the Buffalo Bills back in January, one fan wrote on X, "You mean like this."
Others were just happy to get an explanation for the former Philadelphia Eagles player's simple ensemble, with another user writing, "Lol was wondering why no sport coat."
Of course, this isn't the first time Travis has called out the retired football player for his unusual fashion choices. Travis previously made Jason—who shares daughters Wyatt, 4, Elliotte, 3, and Bennett, 18 months, with wife Kylie Kelce—walk him through his decision to rock shorts and flip-flops to the premiere of his Amazon Prime documentary Kelce. 
"I was gonna have jeans on but Kylie was running late," Jason explained to Travis during a September 2023 of their New Heights podcast. "I just came straight from football. Kylie was gonna bring the jeans."
However, Travis wouldn't let the 36-year-old throw his wife under the bus, asking, "Why couldn't Jason bring jeans for Jason?"
To which Jason quickly amended his statement, admitting, "I'm realizing now I probably can't blame Kylie for this."
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.