Burna Boy needs no introduction, but his recent campagin with G-Star does. 
Following in the footsteps of previous ambassadors like Pharrell and Snoop Dogg, the Nigerian artist is the new face for G-Star RAW, featuring in its latest SS24 campaign — but of course, there’s a Burna Boy twist on it.
The King of Afro-Fusion loved around the world for hit singles like ‘Ye’ and ‘Last Last,’ brought the video collaboration to life with his new song, ‘On Form,’ in which his dance crew can be seen performing his ‘stomp’ move that everyone was obsessed with after the release of ‘City Boys’ last year. Directed by Dave Meyers, who’s worked with the likes of Kendrick Lamar, Travis Scott, and Billie Eilish, the video is the first visual experience of the song, shot in the streets of London, bringing together British street culture and big Lagos energy.  
Denim isn't just fabric; it's an extension of who I am. Like my music, it's personal, a dialogue between me and myself. Every stitch, every fade tells a story. G-STAR gets that. They're not about following trends; they're about challenging norms, just like me.
Now, if you’ve seen any of Burna Boy’s fits to fashion week, award ceremonies, or red carpets, you’ll know that his skills don’t only lie in music. The Grammy winner is a style icon, always representing his roots but with a contemporary twist when it comes to his bold outfits. “Burna Boy is one of the most innovative artists of our time and the embodiment of today’s youth culture, challenging the norm in both style and arts, which is very close to our heart,” said Gwenda van Vliet, CMO of G-Star.
Canadian Tuxedo, double denim, whatever you want to call it, Burna Boy has got it on lock. G-Star designed two limited edition Japanese denim looks for the singer, one being an ultra-long military coat paired with a G-Star icon, the Elwood jeans, and another being a hooded, sleeveless jacket with matching baggy jeans; both looks come complete with a new silhouette, the leather Benson Lea Boots. Pretty perfect for Burna Boy, who is known to love boots and oversized clothing. 
The video sees his crew sport the SS24 collection, a capsule packed with new styles and everyday essentials that stay true to the brand’s utilitarian heritage with technical details and strong silhouettes. Two new jeans, the Bowey (think ultimate boyfriend fit with a twisted back panel) and the Lenney (more ‘70s rockstar pants with a knee opening), take center stage alongside monochrome graphic tees.
The collection is available now on Zalando. 
Titel Media GmbH (Highsnobiety), is committed to facilitating and improving the accessibility and usability of its Website, www.highsnobiety.com. Titel Media GmbH strives to ensure that its Website services and content are accessible to persons with disabilities including users of screen reader technology. To accomplish this, Titel Media GmbH tests, remediates and maintains the Website in-line with the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG), which also bring the Website into conformance with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990.
Please be aware that our efforts to maintain accessibility and usability are ongoing. While we strive to make the Website as accessible as possible some issues can be encountered by different assistive technology as the range of assistive technology is wide and varied.
If, at any time, you have specific questions or concerns about the accessibility of any particular webpage on this Website, please contact us at accessibility@highsnobiety.com, +49 (0)30 235 908 500. If you do encounter an accessibility issue, please be sure to specify the web page and nature of the issue in your email and/or phone call, and we will make all reasonable efforts to make that page or the information contained therein accessible for you.