AllHipHop
AllHipHop
Million Dollaz Worth of Game co-host Wallo brings personal experience with the criminal justice system to the nonprofit organization. 

Since 1998, AllHipHop.com has pioneered delivering Hip-Hop news. Get our daily email for exclusive, breaking news, and weekly digests, all curated for the true Hip-Hop enthusiast. Stay connected and informed with the heartbeat of Hip-Hop culture. Subscribe now!

Since 1998, AllHipHop.com has pioneered delivering Hip-Hop news. Get our daily email for exclusive, breaking news, and weekly digests, all curated for the true Hip-Hop enthusiast. Stay connected and informed with the heartbeat of Hip-Hop culture. Subscribe now!
Jay-Z, Meek Mill and Michael Rubin’s REFORM Alliance appointed Wallace “Wallo” Peeples as the organization’s new Chief Marketing Officer. Wallo a.k.a. Wallo267 is probably best known as the co-host of the Million Dollaz Worth of Game podcast.
“I am honored to be taking on this role at REFORM and for the opportunity to help uplift system-impacted communities with new resources and programs,” Wallo said. “My firsthand experience with the parole and probation system I believe is key to helping advance REFORM’s mission.”
REFORM enlisted Wallo to help in its mission of transforming the criminal justice system. The organization brought him into the marketing department to develop long-term strategies as it fights to change parole in America.
“We’re so excited to have Wallo267 join REFORM as our new Chief Marketing Officer,” REFORM CEO Robert Rooks said. “Wallo267 is a son of Philadelphia, the city where REFORM Alliance was born. Through hard experience, he developed a life philosophy rooted in accountability, second chances and never giving up. Today, he carries that message of hope to his millions of social media followers. He never forgets where he came from, and he’s used his vast reach and influence to shine a light on people the world too often ignores. I’m grateful that he’ll use his unique skills to bring REFORM’s work and mission to an even wider audience and to support our work of transforming probation and parole.”
Wallo began working to help others stay out of prison after serving more than 20 years behind bars. He remains on parole until 2048.
This past weekend, Wallo made his first public appearance as REFORM’s Chief Marketing Officer at Fanatics’ Super Bowl party. REFORM executives Meek Mill, Michael Rubin and Robert Kraft were on hand for the festivities along with celebrity guests, including Travis Scott and Lil Baby.
A post shared by REFORM Alliance (@reform)
Copyright © 2025 AllHipHop.com LLC 2025-Infinity