Dua Lipa, Travis Scott, Billie Eilish, and more artists set to keep the beat alive on music's biggest night. 
Emlyn Travis is a news writer at Entertainment Weekly with over five years of experience covering the latest in entertainment. A proud Kingston University alum, Emlyn has written about music, fandom, film, television, and awards for multiple outlets including MTV News, Teen Vogue, Bustle, BuzzFeed, Paper Magazine, Dazed, and NME. She joined EW in August 2022.
 The 2024 Grammys unveiled an exciting slate of artists who will provide the soundtrack to music’s biggest night. 

 The awards ceremony, which celebrates the best in music each year, has tapped eight stellar musicians from a variety of genres to keep the beat alive onstage. Those announced to perform at the Grammy Awards on Feb. 4 include: Joni Mitchell, Billy Joel, SZA, Dua Lipa, Travis Scott, Billie Eilish, Burna Boy, Olivia Rodrigo, and Luke Combs, plus a history-making performance by U2.

 In addition to their performances, almost all of the acts — bar the Piano Man himself — are nominated for at least one Grammy that evening. Rodrigo leads the pack with six nods, while Dua Lipa and Eilish prove it’s still a Barbie world with nominations for their respective movie hits, "Dance the Night" and "What Was I Made For?"

Kevin Mazur/Getty Images; Nykieria Chaney/Getty Images; Emma McIntyre/Getty Images
 Check out everyone who is currently scheduled to perform at the 2024 Grammys.

Armando L. Sanchez/Chicago Tribune/Tribune News Service/Getty
 Don't snooze and miss the moment SZA hits the Grammys stage. Already a Grammy Award winner , SZA is the most nominated artist at this year's awards and she'll also be performing. Among her nine nominations are Album of the Year and Best Progressive R&B Album for SOS; Record of the Year, Song of the Year, and Best R&B Performance for "Kill Bill;" Best R&B Song for "Snooze;" Best Traditional R&B Performance for "Love Language;" Best Melodic Rap Performance for "Low;" and Best Pop Dup/Group Performance for "Ghost in the Machine" with Phoebe Bridgers.

Gary Miller/Getty
 Believe it or not, legendary singer-songwriter Joni Mitchell has never performed on the Grammy Awards stage — until now. This debut has been a longtime coming: Mitchell has won nine Grammys in the past, in addition to a lifetime achievement award from the Academy in 2002. Along with her debut on the show, this year marks what could very well be her 10th Grammy win, for best folk album, for her 2023 release, Joni Mitchell at Newport [Live].

Kevin Mazur/Getty Images
 Days after releasing his first single in almost two decades, Billy Joel will perform on the Grammys stage once again. Over the course of his storied career, Joel has won five Grammys: Record of the Year and Song of the Year for his 1977 hit "Just the Way You Are;" Album of the Year and Best Male Pop Vocal Performance for his 1978 album 52nd Street; and Best Male Rock Vocal Performance for his 1980 album Glass Houses. He was also honored with a Grammy Legend Award in 1991.

 Irish rockers U2 are set to make history at the Grammys by becoming the first band to ever broadcast their performance live from the Sphere in Las Vegas. The 22-time Grammy winners, who are currently holding their residency at the Sin City venue, are scheduled to perform and present an award during the ceremony.

Michael Kovac/Getty Images
 Get ready to dance the night away! Dua Lipa will be pulling double duty as both a Grammys performer and a nominee at the awards ceremony. The "Houdini" singer, who took home her first Grammy in 2021 for her album Future Nostalgia, is up for Song of the Year for her Barbie anthem, "Dance the Night."

Mike Coppola/Getty Images
 Just two years after making her powerful Grammy debut (and taking home three awards!), Olivia Rodrigo is back for more. The "Lacy" singer is not only a performer, but also one of the event's most-nominated artists. She is up for six awards on the evening, including Best Pop Solo Performance, Record of the Year, and Song of the Year for her ballad "Vampire;" Best Rock Song for her rollicking hit "Ballad of a Homeschooled Girl;" and Best Pop Vocal Album and Album of the Year for her sophomore effort, Guts. 

Aaron J. Thornton/Getty Images
 Nigerian singer-songwriter Burna Boy will be sittin’ on the top of the world when he performs at the Grammys. The "City Boys" singer – who won for Best World Music Album for his fourth album African Giant in 2021 — is also nominated for four more awards at the ceremony: Best Melodic Rap Performance for "Sittin' on the Top of the World;" Global Music Performance for "Alone;" Best African Music Performance for "City Boys;" and Best Global Music Album for his seventh album, I Told Them…

Michael Hickey/Getty Images
 Billie Eilish fans will be happier than ever when the seven-time Grammy winner takes the ceremony’s stage next month. The "Everything I Wanted" singer is also nominated for Record of the Year and Song of the Year for her emotional (and Oscar-nominated) Barbie hit, "What Was I Made For?"

Terry Wyatt/WireImage
 The 2024 Grammys are going to be a beautiful crazy experience for Luke Combs. The country musician is not only performing at the awards ceremony, but also has the potential to earn his very first Grammy for his single "Fast Car," which is up for Best Country Solo Performance. 

Shareif Ziyadat/Getty Images
 Travis Scott fans may find themselves getting goosebumps when the "Antidote" singer hits the stage. The multi-hyphenate, who has been nominated for nine Grammy awards throughout his career, has the chance to take home his very first award with his fourth album, Utopia, up for Best Rap Album at this year's ceremony.

 The 2024 Grammy Awards on Feb. 4 at 8 p.m. ET/5 p.m. PT on CBS and Paramount+.

 Check out more from EW's The Awardist, featuring exclusive interviews, analysis, and our podcast diving into all the highlights from the year's best films, TV, and music.

 Related content:

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)