Northside won the big clash in the West Cumberland Sunday League when they hosted main rivals Parkside.
The two were contesting the semi-final of the President’s Cup and it was the Workington side who came out on top 2-0.
Parkside had won their only meeting so far, in the league and have a five point lead over them but from three more games so Northside would take extra pleasure in this result.
As expected it produced a frantic start with both teams going at it trying to take charge. Gradually Northside started to edge it and just before half-time Jamie Glover made the breakthrough.
He picked-up a ball from a throw in just inside the Parkside half and went past two of their players before thundering a shot from distance into the net. It was a goal his dad, ex-Workington Reds defender Keith Glover would have approved – having notched several similar in his career.
Parkside gave it their all in the second-half, having a fair bit of territory and possession, but Northside defended well and looked dangerous on the break.
In fact a well-worked counter attack produced the second goal as Nathan Nowak supplied the finish.
It means Northside will play Parkside’s recent Premier Division conquerors FC Cosmos in the final, which has been arranged for Tuesday, February 13 at Borough Park, ko 7pm.
Another semi-final which was decided at the week-end came in the Kenny Hailes Trophy and saw Thornhill edge out Royal Oak 3-2.
Gareth Humphreys’ rocket strike proved crucial as other goals from Harry Hodgson and Lewis Selkirk saw them through. Ryan Smith and Dan Wilkins netted for the Royal Oak.
There were two quarter final ties in the Albert Murphy Trophy and they produced victories for Salterbeck and Dearham Commercial.
First Division Salterbeck were 5-2 winners against Deer Orchard of the Premier Division. Goals from Niall Melton (2), David Watson, Charlie Shaw and Finlay Lowden powered the Workington side into the semi-final.
Teenager Milo Cooke scored both for Orchard, who would be disappointed by the defeat after some recent promising performances.
Dearham’s progress to the semi-final came with a 5-1 win over Division One leaders Sun Inn.
Jack Dunstan (2), Danny Dryden, Jack Brown and Aaron Lister scored the Dearham goals with Dan Pearson replying for Sun Inn.
The other knock-out game played on Sunday was in the Tier One League Cup and it produced a goal feast.
Moresby beat Lowca 8-5 with the help of hat-tricks from Tom Houghton and George Frampton, while Taylor Hambling and Jamie Martin also netted.
Lowca stayed in the contest with goals from Owen Woodburn (2), Travis Fyfe, Stevie Owens and Kian Goulding.
The only Premier Division clash wasn’t far behind with 11 goals scored – FC Cosmos beating Bluebell 8-3.
Dylan Elsworth (2), Lewis Park (2), Rhys Singleton, Dan Hill, Dean Fox and Kyle Newberry hit the target for Cosmos with Carl Denver, Kieran Mewse and Grant Quayle replying for Bluebell.
Honours were even in the Division one game between Seaton Rangers and Flimby Social as they shared four goals.
Jonny Walton and Dan Graham netted for Seaton with Scott Underwood and Brad Heaton making sure that Flimby went home with a point.
King’s Arms were 3-1 winners at the Sun as Kieran Fraser (2) and Bobby Fitzpatrick were their scorers. Hayden Whittingham was on target for the Sun.
In the other Division One game Senhouse Street drew 1 1 with FC Butchers.
Nick Wood scored for Senhouse Street with Olly Scott replying for the Maryport side.
Subscribe to our mailing list to receive daily updates direct to your inbox!
*We hate spam as much as you do. Privacy Statement
Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.
        
33 MiddlegatePenrithCumbriaCA11 7SY
Phone: 01768 862313Email: admin@cumbriacrack.com
Registered in England as Barrnon Media Limited. No: 12475190VAT registration number: 343486488
Subscribe to our mailing list to receive daily updates direct to your inbox!
*We hate spam as much as you do. Privacy Statement
Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.
        
© Barrnon Media Limited 2023
© 2025 JNews - Premium WordPress news & magazine theme by Jegtheme.