She and Ben Affleck went apartment hunting in NYC
It might officially be spring, but it hasn’t been all warm weather and sunshine for those of us on the East Coast, with temperatures hovering in the 40s and 50s. As such, plenty of us are still dipping into our fall and winter wardrobes—including Jennifer Lopez, whose ensemble Saturday served as a master class in transitional dressing.
The “Let’s Get Loud” hitmaker was out and about in New York City with hubby Ben Affleck. For the occasion, she took a brown knit turtleneck sweater with zigzagging black stripes—an autumn staple—and spring-ified it by adding a pair of wide-leg jeans with a distressed hem that curled ever so slightly upward, in a vibrant medium wash. She made things more cheery with a pair of creamy beige peep-toe pumps with a chunky block heel and tall platform construction. To help brave the city breeze, she added two different pieces of outerwear throughout the day: the first, a long black wool overcoat from her winter closet, and the second, a tailored heather brown blazer. She finished off the look with classic J.Lo accessories, in the form of a small black crocodile-embossed Hermès Birkin; two pairs of sunglasses: oversize, chunky-frame tortoiseshell sunglasses and tinted thin-framed octagonal sunglasses; several chunky gold rings; and large diamond stud earrings. As for beauty, Lopez appeared to be wearing minimal makeup and swept her hair into an easy, messy topknot.
The Gone Girl star looked casually cool beside her in a light gray Nirvana T-shirt that featured the band’s iconic yellow smiley face, layered under a red, black, and gray plaid flannel, layered under a black Carthartt work jacket. He paired the pieces with faded black jeans, black and white Nike sneakers, and dark-tinted sunglasses. 
The superstar couple was apartment hunting. Lopez and Affleck were spotted again strolling the streets of the Big Apple on Friday. That time, the Hustlers star treated her long wool taupe coat like a dress, and paired it with tall pointed-toe stiletto boots in a glossy chocolate-brown leather, which she matched to her trusty mocha-colored crocodile-embossed Birkin. For Affleck’s part, he went the laid-back route once again in an ocean-blue T-shirt layered under a navy blue wool coat, paired with dark-wash jeans and his prized pair of Travis Scott’s Nike SB Dunk Low sneakers.
Bella Hadid Poses in Poolside Lingerie and Curlers
Prince Harry Says He May Not Return to the U.K. 
George Clooney Played Softball In Central Park
Hunter Schafer Gives the Tracksuit a Playful Twist
Blake Lively Wears a “Wedding Gown” on Late Night 
Bella Hadid Glows in a Bubblegum-Pink Set
J.Lo’s Dress Shimmers Like a Starry Night Sky
Hailey Bieber’s Party Dress Is Made of Watches
Princess Charlotte's Birthday Portrait, by Kate
Kendall Jenner’s Halter Plunges to New Depths
Florence Pugh Steps Out in Five Different Looks
Kate and William Show Rare PDA in New Photos
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.